
Chapter 1: [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]
Summary:
This novel tells the hot-blooded talk of how, in the cultivation world with the laws of the jungle, Zuo Mo, a low cultivator who’s face had been changed and his mind wiped, cultivates, levels up as he tries to find his memories. At the same time, it is the record of the struggles of a miserly, greedy, and shameless “questionable youth.”
Two years ago, zombie-faced male Zuo Mo was picked up by the head of the Wu Kong Sword Sect back to the sect. The amnesiac youth lived a busy and satisfying life, wishing to earn more crystals, and putting in effort into the spiritual wheat. At last, he finally achieved his aim of becoming a spiritual wheat farmer. A once disregarded outer sect disciple, he suddenly became a hot inner sect disciple. A sudden occurrence gave Zuo Mo the chance to find out a powerful person had changed his appearance and wiped his mind. Add that to the hopeless nightmare he would always have each night, he wanted to know the truth of what happened in the past. So he decided to keep cultivating and at the same time, find his enemies … …
Edit (2015-10-02): starting to roll out hovertext along with footnotes for first appearance of a term.
Please use the table of contents to navigate through this story.
ALL READERS: Please read Chapters One to Five instead of this post for an edited version that will have consistent terms with the rest of the chapters.
Chapter One [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]
“Don’t forget!”
“Even in death, you must not forget!”
……
The source of this content is l/ightnovelpub/[.]com
A strange yet familiar voice seemed to come from deep in the clouds. Again and again, echoing, layering, relentless.
Who?
Must not forget?
Must not forget what?
He suddenly woke. Just as usual, his entire body was soaked, the clothing sticking to the skin uncomfortably. He sat up, the stars and dark sky above his head reminding his that there was still a long time before morning. A gust of wind blew over, whooshing icily.
This dream again!
Habitually blowing out a long breath, it was still early, go back to sleep.
He laid down again.
“Mo ge,[1] remember to water for me. We made an agreement at the beginning of this month. This year’s harvest is depending on you.”
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub[./]com
Before he could walk to the opening of the mountain, Zuo Mo heard someone yelling from far away. When he looked over, it was a fifty-something old man, dark and thin. He was poking around in the field. If he didn’t look closely, he wouldn’t see there was a person there.
The old man’s nickname was Old Black. His real name was unknown. He was the oldest among the outer sect disciples of Wu Kong Sword Sect.[2]
Zuo Mo wiped at the sweat on his forehead, replying: “Won’t forget. Don’t worry, tomorrow, it’s your turn!”
His body was like a stalk of bamboo. The purple[3] robe of the outer sect disciples as it hanged on his body was loose. In contrast to the slipperiness of his speech was his wooden face that looked like a zombie, dark and gloomy.
Zuo Mo’s zombie face was his specialty. At the beginning, everyone stayed far away from him, but gradually they found out, other than his face which people didn’t like, his temper and personality were both extremely good at which point more people interacted with him. After two years, he was the most popular among the outer sect disciples.
Old Black’s face lit up in joy, his mouth hurriedly complimenting: “Good good good! Mo ge, your specialty, I, Old Black, has never seen anything else like it.”
Zuo Mo’s [The Little Art of Cloud and Rain] was special. The third level of [The Little Art of Cloud and Rain], it was the only one in the outer sect disciples. And it was with this that he almost had a monopoly on the duty of making rain for all the ling[4] fields of the sect.
[The Little Art of Cloud and Rain] wasn’t a complicated spell[5], everyone knew how to do it. Its main use was creating rain for the ling fields. One only needed three to five days to learn the first level. The second level, it could be easily accomplished in one or two years. But starting from the third level, it required the ability of comprehension from each individual. In all of the outer sect disciples of Wu Kong Sword Sect, only Zuo Mo had successfully comprehended it.
After [The Little Art of Cloud and Rain] reached the third level, its effectiveness increased dramatically and could drastically increase the amount produced by the ling grains and ling vegetables. Because of that, after he achieved the third level, his position in the sect flipped around. His name went from Little Zombie Mo to Mo ge.
Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for a better experience
Zuo Mo waved his hand to bid farewell to Old Black.
He bared his teeth and shifted the bag on his back. His shoulders ached. On his back was three hundred catties of ling grain which almost broke his thin and weak shoulders.
A thin and weak zombie carried a cloth bag on his back that was multiple times bigger than his body as he moved with difficulty along the mountain path.
Lugging three hundred catties of ling grain, he wheezed his way down to the entrance to the mountain. Just past the mountain gate, he threw the cloth bag on his shoulders to the ground as his entire body collapsed down, his breath racing.
After resting for a short period and he recovered some energy, he stood up and carefully took out a grass yellow paper crane from his bosom.
The paper crane was the size of a palm, folded from yellow grass paper. Drawn on it were cinnabar seals.
He put in ling energy and the paper crane enlarged. It was slightly larger than a real crane. Thin stalks of bamboo made up the skeleton and a layer of yellow grass paper was pasted on top. Drawn over the entire body were cinnabar seals that curved like tadpoles. But it was clear that the craftsmanship wasn’t very good. Many places that were pasted together were frayed. The quality of the yellow paper was very low as fragments of grass could be seen everywhere on the paper.
Putting the cloth bag onto the back of the paper crane from the ground.
Inside the mountain, the outer sect disciples were restricted from flying. These two years, Zuo Mo had cursed this rule inside countless times.
New novel chapters are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
Clumsily climbing onto the back of the paper crane, the sound of creaking and groaning as the bamboo rods of the paper crane as it bent instantly sounded. He paused in his motions. After a while, seeing that the paper crane showed no indication of collapsing, he released a breath.
“Xiao Huang,[6] Xiao Huang, you can’t break down at this time.”
Zuo Mo patted the head of the paper crane as it swayed and left the ground.
The creaking of the bamboo and paper sounded once again. It was as though the paper crane was drunk. The flight path was strange, suddenly high, suddenly low, suddenly left before turning right. It wheezed as it followed the mountain road forward.
Zuo Mo had a very steady seat. He was very experienced. This was the lowest quality of flying paper cranes. Its maximum load wasn’t even four hundred catties. The weight right now was extremely dangerous. But this “impotent” paper crane was something that all other outer sect disciples were envious of.
In the outer sect disciples, he was the first one to have a steed. Of course, as to whether a flying paper crane counted as a steed, that wasn’t in the limits of Zuo Mo’s consideration.
In the midst of the creaking and crying, after swerving for ten hours, when Zuo Mo’s zombie face was slightly pale, Dong Fu was far away on the horizon.
In the midst of the clouds, Dong Fu faded in and out.
Once upon a time, Dong Fu zhenren[7] broke off the peak with one sword strike and used the bottom half of the mountain as the base of his seat, creating Dong Fu. After five hundred years, Dong Fu had developed into one of the thirteen primary towns of Tian Yue Jie. [8]
Follow current novels on /lig/htnovelp/ub[.]com
Three thousand jie of the xiuzhe,[9] Tian Yue Jie couldn’t even be ranked. It was only a minor jie, its history just one thousand and five hundred something years. One thousand and five hundred years ago, Tian Yue xianren[10] found and took control of this jie. She used her own name to name it Tian Yue jie. Tian Yue xianren was one of Kun Lun and so Tian Yu Jie logically became one of the jie that were governed by Kun Lun Jing.[11]
After that, some other zhenren came to Tian Yue Jie to start their own sects and it gradually became the present situation.
The paper crane creaked and groaned as it struggled to fly to the base of Dong Fu Mountain. During the journey, he was able to hear the laughter of other people. A thin zombie, sitting on a similarly thin, drunken paper crane. The scene caused many people to laugh.
Zuo Mo sat dignified, his expression natural as though he was the perfect zombie. In reality, on the inside, he was drooling at the flying steeds that went over his head – those were true steeds!
The one with the grey body and red beak was a red beaked goose. The back of the goose was wide and soft, sitting on it, one could almost not feel any shaking, it was called the greatest experience; that lump under the feet was Lucky Magic Cloud, travelling on a cloud was so free and outstanding; the silver hovering on the back of that xiuzhe was Thunder Wings, the lightning flowering and the speeds like lightning, do you want to experience speed … …
He could recite the slogans smoothly. But, he was only able to recite the advertisements.
The thing that shocked everyone the most was a Thousand Wings Boat that slowly sailed above his head. The entire boat was like a mountain as it flew across his head. Zuo Mo only felt his eyes become dark and when he raised his head, the light of the jinzhi[12] at the bottom of the black bottom were barely detectable.
The greatest crime of all xiuzhe was extravagance!
Zuo Mo couldn’t help swearing inside, but when he saw the other xiuzhe scatter sorrily, his mood instantly became better.
The source of this content is //li/ghtnovelpub[.]com
After flying for another two hours, one person plus one crane finally reached the base of Dong Fu Mountain. With Xiao Huang’s impotent flying ability that stuck to right above the ground, flying up Dong Fu was just wishful thinking.
He climbed down from the paper crane and loaded off the bag. When he took down the paper crane, cracks could be seen on the surface. Zuo Mo sighed in grief inside. Did he have to buy a new one? This thought made his flesh hurt deeply.
Narrowing his eyes to look at Dong Fu that was over the clouds, and the winding and countless stone steps, and then a look at the bag beside his feet, Zuo Mo’s legs started trembling.
“Brother, do you need help?” A shadow came across Zuo Mo’s eyes.
A man whose half-naked body was steely muscled came over.
“How much?” Zuo Mo asked alertly. His eyes scanned around the surrounded. Receiving encouragement from his look, a few other men sitting at the side stood up.
Noticing that some of his own profession seemed to want to come over, the man’s heart tightened and he hurriedly stated: “Three first-grade.”
Three one-grade meant three pieces of first-grade jingshi.[13]
Zuo Mo exclaimed in shock: “Kill me!” And followed decisively: “Just two. If you’re willing, then do it. If not, never mind.” At this time, if he made out a shocked expression, he would have had both sound and look. But it was hopeless for Zuo Mo’s zombie face which didn’t move and the atmosphere instantly became weird.
This content is taken from lig/htnovelpub[.]com
“Too fake!” The strongman jerked his mouth. But seeing the other people that were restless in the surroundings, he gritted his teeth and crisply nodded: “Fine!”
Finishing, his hand that was as big as a fan reached for the cloth bag on the ground. Zuo Mo shouted: “Wait!”
“What?”
“Make a contract first.” Zuo Mo took out a jade strip.
“Just two, what contract does it need?” The strong man muttered disapprovingly.
“For safety. Otherwise, with my body, if you run, I can’t catch up with you.” Zuo Mo’s face was still expressionless, and his voice was still carrying a smile.
Helplessly, the strong man could only sign a contract with Zuo Mo. Seeing this, the other people finally left.
Finishing, the man picked up the bag on the ground. The three hundred catty back in his hand seemed weightless.
Halfway up the mountain, Zuo Mo struggled to crawl up the mountain, his entire body soaked in sweat. The brawny man said with a face full of disdain: “Your endurance really sucks.” Then he urged: “Can’t you be faster? I still want to do two more orders today! At this speed, it’ll be lucky if we get there before dark.”
This content is taken from li/ghtnovelpub[.]com
Zuo Mo felt as though he was a fish that had been taken out of the water. He felt he was suffocating. He put his butt on the stone stairs and panted roughly, one breath disconnected from the next: “I ……I can’t……”
The man instantly panicked: “It can’t be like this. Are you trying to ruin my business?”
Zuo Mo’s eyes rolled and he stated expressionlessly: “You can see it. I really don’t have any more energy.”
The man furiously ranted: “Taking your business, I really lost a lot today.” Finishing, he grabbed Zuo Mo with one hand and put him under his arm, lengthening his stride and started to jog up the stone stairs.
“You guys who cultivate your body, it really is admirable.” Zuo Mo who was taking advantage said heartlessly.
“What’s admirable? Just eating based on strength. Right now, I’m at the fifth level of lianqi. [14] Once I get to zhuji [15], I can take more orders. These days, it’s hard to make a living!” The muscled man couldn’t help but sigh.
“Yeah! Living isn’t easy!” Zuo Mo felt sorrow in his heart. He suddenly remembered that Thousand Wing Boat he saw on the road and couldn’t help but ask: “Hey, what’s with that Thousand Wing Boat? Never seen it before.”
“That’s the moving palace of Chi Ye zhenren. You have to be careful and not provoke him.” The man gave a friendly reminder: “If you see women dress in white with a veil, you have to respectfully stay away. They are all concubines of Chi Ye zhenren and have terrible tempers. Many people offended them and they didn’t have good endings!”
The man’s strength was astonishing. One hand holding the three hundred catty bag, the other hand Zuo Mo as he spoke without showing any sign of exhaustion.
The source of this content is li/ghtnov/elpub[.]c/om
“That’s true. Us little people, to offend them is to seek death.” Zuo Mo agreed.
The strides of the man were very big and his speed much fast than Xiao Huang. It only took him an hour to finish climbing up the winding stone stairs.
Zuo Mo crisply paid him two one-grade jingshi. The man took the jingshi before turning to rush down the mountain.
“Living isn’t easy!” Zuo Mo looked at the back of the man and expressionlessly concluded.
Zuo Mo was very familiar with Dong Fu. He took up the bag, a few turns, and he found his destination.
This was a store that specialized in purchasing ling grains. It was a small storefront. Outside the door there hanged a small flag. On it were two words: Ling Grains. The seal arrangement on the flag guaranteed that the two words could be seen from far away even at night.
Three hundred catties of second-grade ling grain, to this kind of store, it was just a small piece of business. The storekeeper didn’t even bother to come out to give a greeting, only sending a shop assistant.
“Thirty pieces of second-grade jingzhi.”
The shop assistant had no intentions of bargaining. Zuo Mo also knew he didn’t have any room to bargain and very crisply nodded.
Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for a better experience
This price was slightly low but it was the same at any other store unless he could bring ten thousand catties or more of ling grain at one time. Then he would have the right to bargain on the price. Taking away the portion that needed to be given up to the sect, three hundred catties of ling grain was the result of his year of hard effort.
Thirty pieces of second-grade jingzhi, for him, it was a large sum of money.
Having thirty pieces of second-grade jingzhi as he walked on the street, Zuo Mo felt that all the passer-by’s eyes were like thieves.
The streets of Dong Fu were wide. In the sky, there were also many houses of different colors and shapes. Those were also stores. But, that was the high-end district. Without a high-grade steed, xiuzhe who could not fly on a sword couldn’t enter even if they wanted to. Some high-end stores were like a small island floating in the sky, flowers and grasses blooming, the music streaming out.
That was a place that Zuo Mo wouldn’t even dream about. He always only looked at what was in his bowl.
Translator note: 灵 will be translated as ling and not spirit. There are several reasons for this. Ling energy will not be the only kind of “spiritual” energy used for cultivation. Therefore using spiritual energy rather than ling energy would lead to a misconception. It keeps all kinds of energy used for cultivation on an equal footing. Secondly, due to events further in the story, spiritual energy is actually more appropriate for something else.
[1] 哥 (ge): brother, could be used as a suffix onto a person’s name. Or as “Hey, bro!”
[2] 无空剑门: Wu 无 is none空 is empty/air/sky.
[3] I’m not sure if purple is the correct translation. The color the author used is 绛青, which is explained in the Song Dynasty by mixing rouge and flower ink for porcelain, which is blue. Red and blue should make purple but the result I picture is brown.
This content is taken from li/ghtno/velpu/b[.]com
[4] 灵: meaning spirit.
[5] 法诀 (fa jue): spells are a general term.
[6] 小黄: literally little yellow. Little is a common prefix used in Chinese for nicknames.
[7]真人 (zhen ren): spiritual master in Daoist usage.
[8] 天月界: 天月 is sky moon界 is scope, boundary and in taxonomic terms, kingdom. In many xuan huan novels, jie is another word for planet or world as in 世界.
[9] 修者: those who cultivate
[10] 仙人: it usually means Daoist immortal in common usage. Used here as title of respect and power similar to “General” or “Governor”.
[11] 境: means border, place, boundary, territory. In this novel, jing is a collection of jie which are under the jurisdiction of one power.
[12] 禁制: restriction. An energy construct in this world.
Follow current novels on lightnovelpub[.]com
[13] 晶石: crystal rock. A kind of currency.
[14] 炼气: literally refine energy. The first major stage for a xiuzhe.
[15] 基期: literally build foundation. The second major stage for a xiuzhe.



Chapter 2: Jade Stick
Chapter Two Jade Stick
Blurred like a fantasy, the lights floating, Dong Fu was just as beautiful at night as it was in daytime.
The lanterns on the two sides of the street gave off bright and gentle light. From the sky, there were the barks and squeals of the ling beasts and the lights coming off the flying talismans which were even more attractive than a meteor shower. The cool night didn’t lessen the people, but made it even more busy. The merchants all gathers sufficient energy and the shop workers in each store wore uniforms as they stood on either side of the door, one person holding a copper bell, one person holding an eight-divination mirror.
The worker holding the copper bell sent out a spell and a clear voice spread out from the copper bell: “This store sells talismans, all kinds of talismans at great prices. Whether or not you are a lianqi apprentice, or a skilled jindan,[1] this store can fulfill your needs……”
Engraved on the copper bell was a Clear Sound Incantation. The voice was mild and moderate, and definitely wouldn’t be harsh on the ears. Even if it was heard for a long time, the listener wouldn’t be bothered.
The worker with the eight-divination mirror cooperated beautifully and had made out a spell at the same time. The eight-divination mirror flashed and above his head, holograms of different started to flash, realistic and moving. And as the sound of the bell changed, the holograms above his head changed as well like a stoplight. This was a mirage spell, producing illusions and tricking others to thinking it was real.
If it was two stores that faced each other, a frequent scene was the workers from both stores glaring at each other, the bells swinging rapidly, the lights of the eight-divination mirror also flashing.
The same scenes were occurring on all around the street.
“Fifth-grade Secret Paradise. Has one lingspring, five hundred ping [2], full of ling energy. No matter for raising animals or planting ling grains or grasses, we guarantee you have a good harvest! Two million fifth-grade jingshi. Don’t miss it, it won’t come again!”
“This store is selling all kinds of high-grade ling herbs. Thousand year old store, quality is guaranteed! All of the medicine of this store has been inspected by high-level medicine professors in the Tian Xin School of Medicine! Please don’t worry!”
New novel chapters are published on lightnovel/pub[.]com
“Do you want to get into Yi Zi Hui Sword Sect? This training center takes in students all year round, passing on all kinds of beginning spells. Personal lessons by experienced sword xiu [3] of Yi Zi Hui Sword Sect. Guaranteed to pass the first time! Why are you hesitating? Come try! Those who register now will receive fifteen percent off!”
……
This was the city with no night, the primary town Dong Fu!
Zuo Mo wasn’t unfamiliar with this prosperous primary town, but he wasn’t used to it. He didn’t come often. If he hadn’t brought a flying paper crane, it was hard to even make a trip to Dong Fu.
Even the most beautiful street would have an intersection. Zuo Mo stared dazedly. He was lost.
Damn it, lost again!
He hit his head in frustration and hurt.
Helplessly, Zuo Mo walked to a banyan tree and lifted his face. On the branches, he saw many small red birds. The little birds were entirely red and had long crimson tails. When they flew, it was like there was a stream of fire behind them so they were called Flaming Birds.
They were intelligent and psychic. They could understand human speech and were good at learning. Many cities used them as road signs and direction. However, it wasn’t a free service.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub[.]/com
Zuo Mo bore the pain as he threw one piece of first-grade jingshi. A flaming bird spread its wings and swooped down from the tree, accurately catching the jingshi and swallowed it into its stomach.
“Free Market.” Zuo Mo shouted.
The flaming bird flew a few circles around his head below heading in one direction.
Zuo Mo hurried to keep up behind the bird. The flaming bird didn’t fly very quickly. The long tail feathers threw off red light that glowed brightly in the night.
The red light spread out in the air and quickly disappeared. Passing through the lantern-lit streets, quietly listening to the calls of peddling, quietly looking at the holograms changing at the two sides of the street, and thinking about how he felt when he had opened his eyes two years ago, unconsciously, Zuo Mo became silent.
He sighed in his heart and a slightly sorrowful mood pervaded.
The clear call of the flaming bird startled him awake. When he saw the free market not far away, his mood lifted. The flaming bird circled a few times around and turned to leave with a trail of red glowing dots behind. Zuo Mo waved his hand at the leaving flaming bird.
The free market was the most common place for low-level xiuzhe. The so-called free market, it was due to the fact that anyone could put up a stall and set things. They only had to buy a Mini-Room, and pay some fees before they could freely sell. The price of a Mini-Room was much lower than a store front. Usually when the Mini-Room was collapsed, it was only palm-sized and easy to transport. Many xiuzhe would buy one to carry around. Then they didn’t have to worry about where to sleep when they went out.
Buying here was much cheaper than normal stores but one had to spend time to find them.
New novel chapters are published on l/ightnov/elpub[.]com
The free market was like a gigantic weiqi board, divided into squares. Each square could hold ten Mini-Rooms which were arranged five back to back with another five.
Very quickly, Zuo Mo found his goal.
“Oh, Mo ge, you came!” The store owner was a male about twenty seven or eight. He had a pointy head, his two eyes moving rapidly. He was call Fu Jin. His potential was average and he didn’t have much interest in cultivation. Right now, he only was on the third level of lianqi, so he decided to start a business. He was skilled at managing and had a variety of roads. He basically had everything, no matter if it was low-level talismans or some spells. He could get all of them.
Zuo Mo didn’t waste words: “Did what I want arrive yet?”
“Of course, of course!” Fu Jin patted his thin chest and laughed: “What Mo ge wants, I don’t dare not to do my best!”
Finishing, he started to dig through a little pouch at his waist. Zuo Mo looked with red eyes at the small cloth pouch at Fu Jin’s waist. The little cloth bag might be nondescript, but it was a third-grade Thousand Treasure Pouch.
But very quickly, Zuo Mo’s eyes were attracted to that small objected held in Fu Jin’s hands. A piece of blue-green jade, about one finger wide, two knuckles long. It was a jade stick.
“But Mo ge, don’t blame me for not reminding you. This ling plant jade stick has five kinds of five element spells. However, not many can learn all of them.” Fu Jin said seriously; “With Mo ge’s third level abilities at [Little Art of Rain and Cloud], why don’t buy a water spell jade stick? Don’t be irritated at my chattiness. But I’ve seen a lot these years and understand some. One ability is enough to overcome all.”
Zuo Mo solemnly responded: “Many thanks, Fu ge.”
Updated from /lightnovelpub[.]com
The other was looking out for him. He knew that.
Seeing Zuo Mo still resolute, Fu Jin didn’t continue. He handed the jade stick to him: “Already said the price, twenty pieces of second-grade jingshi.”
Zuo Mo straight-forwardly gave the jingshi.
Twenty pieces of second-grade jingshi was a significant piece of business. Fu Jin’s mood improved and he smiled, teasing: “If Mo ge can learn all of it. Hey, then become a ling plant farmer. That treatment. Hey, don’t forget to help out this brother then!”
Zuo Mo also chuckled and raised his hands together expressionlessly: “Thanks, Fu little ge for the words. For ling plant farmers, it has to be at least having three kinds of spells at the third level. It isn’t that easy.”
The two finished their transaction in happiness.
The majority of the jingshi on his body left but Zuo Mo didn’t feel any pain. He carefully put the jade stick next to his skin. This was a treasure.
After purchasing the jade stick, Zuo Mo prepared to return to the mountain. Even though travelling at night was slightly hard, but if he stayed overnight at Dong Fu, he would need to spend money again.
Without the ling grains, Xiao Huang seemed to become lighter and nimbler as it carried Zuo Mo and wheezed as it flew in the direction of Wu Kong Mountain.
Visit lightnovel/pub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
When he returned to his residence at Wu Kong Mountain, it was deep in the night.
Under the stars, Zuo Mo laid on the roof, his entire body aching. His fingers grasped the jade stick in front of his eyes. He narrowed his eyes, his mood unspeakably content.
At this Sword River prefecture, there were many people that farmed. Like Wu Kong Sword Sect, about seventy percent of the outer sect disciples would choose to farm when they choose their tasks. The sect would also give out some methods of farming. [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] was one of them. But the sect only gave out the most basic. Wu Kong Sword Sect was a sect for sword xiu. They had many sword arts, but the amount they had on any other arts were pitiful.
Farming was a deep and vast topic. Zuo Mo, who had continued as an outer sect disciple for two years, had a deep understanding of this.
The jade stick included five types of five element spells. They were all spells relating to farming. One of those included was [Little Art of Cloud and Rain.] When he saw this, the stone in his heart landed. Worth it! The elaboration inside the stick about [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] was more comprehensive than what he knew and even more profound.
Fu Jin wasn’t wrong. Being a master at one thing was more realistic.
But Zuo Mo had his own ideas.
If he could learn all five kinds of the five element spells and if three kinds reached the third level, he could become a ling plant farmer. If [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] hadn’t broke into the third level, he wouldn’t have had the idea. But since he could comprehend the third level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], that should that he had a bit of a talent at five element spells.
If he had given up all the ling grains to exchange for contribution points from the sect, he could receive somewhat of a good sword manual.
New novel chapters are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
But he didn’t do that. What did he need a sword manual for? To chop wood?
In comparison, farming spells were more useful. Even if he didn’t learn all of them, the more he learned, the more abilities he had. The sect didn’t have much, but uncultivated ling fields were everywhere. With enough ling fields, he could grow more ling grains, and get more jingshi.
Thinking and thinking, Zuo Mo’s head became clearer and his drowsiness disappeared.
He sat up and reached out with his palm to touch his face. The muscles on his face were solid and hard like wood. This was why he never had any expression.
He didn’t care about beauty, he cared about another matter.
The faint starlight fell in the yard, giving out a slight silver shimmer like the night mist which rose. Sorrow rose in the eyes of the expressionless Zuo Mo.
Two years ago, when the head of Wu Kong Sword Sect was returning to the sect, he had found an unconscious Zuo Mo and took him back to the sect. From when he woke up, he found that his memory was blank. In the following two years, he tried all the ways he could but couldn’t find any hints of his memories from two years ago.
He found the part about him that was strange. It was his face. Frozen like a stone. He could not make any expression. The sect leader said it possibly could be a rare kind of affliction. Because of this face, he wasn’t taken in by the other disciples at the beginning and had received quite a few wrongs.
But he didn’t dislike this face of his. It was one of the only two links he could find. Maybe one day, this wooden face could remind him.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lig//htnovelpub[/.]com
Who am I……where is my home……
The other link was the dream that always appeared. Whose voice was that? And what he must not forget?
But he forgot everything!
Sighing in his heart, he shook his head as though he was shaking all those thoughts from his head. He carelessly took up the sound tablet beside him and input ling energy in.
The sound tablet was one of the most popular talismans in this xiu world. It was made up of a base and a round jade tabled. There were seal arrangements and it could receive sound transmissions from large scale seal arrangements. Zuo Mo’s sound tablet was one of the most simple. A base made out of cedar wood holding a jade tablet the size of a palm. After putting in ling energy, the surface of the jade tablet shone and flickered though a multitude of colors and a melodious voice came out.
“ Bloody Sky Metropolis [4] Jie once again breaks out in fierce conflict. Twelve xiuzhe camps simultaneously suffered large scale attacks from yaomo,[5] fatalities are serious.”
“Zhou Ding Sword Sect has found another new jie. The exploration has already found large amounts of jing veins. According to those familiar with the matter, there are more than fifteen sects that have sent out high-level xiuzhe at the same time. Additionally, as there are a high amount of aboriginals on this jie, industry xiuzhes predict that this could cause the prince of xiu slaves on the market to drastically decrease……”
“After slaying famous high level master Xi Mo Da of the yao race, the Xi Shang Sword Sect of Xi Shang Jie has forged the life feather into a flying sword. Today, the flying sword has finally come out of the forge. It is rumoured the energy of the sword when it came out expanded ten miles. High level experts from forging sects estimate this Gold Feather Sword has reached an astounding seventh-grade~ The Xi Shang Sword Sect has a new weapon!”
……
Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for a better experience
Under the stars, Zuo Mo listened silently. When he had just woken up, this rough sound tablet had helped him gradually understand this world.
And it was from that time that he developed the habit of listening to the sound tablet everyday.
When his mood was bad or jittery, he would open the sound tablet and listen silently. His mood would then calm down.
In the dark sea of the night, the stars shone and a zombie quietly sat on top of the roof and listened to the sound tablet, spellbound.
[1] 金丹: the fourth major stage of cultivation.
[2] 坪: one ping is 3.3 square meters.
[3] 修: shortened form for xiuzhe
[4] 都天血: Du Tian Xue. The order is metropolis sky blood. But the reason for the name makes it Bloody Sky Metropolis Jie.
[5] 妖魔: yao and mo are two different things. Yao could be considered equivalent to spirits, and mo to demons. They are put together as yaomo because they are both enemies of xiuzhe but they aren’t one entity.
Follow current novels on //l/igh/tnovelpub[.]com



Chapter 3: The Little Yard
Fang Xiang’s chapter titles are very descriptive… … I’ve added a bit of information to the Cultivation terms and Info page (here). Most of it is directly translated from the Baidu page on 修真世界.
In the words of a Chinese reviewer on the story, Zuo Mo’s first “gold finger” has arrived. I don’t consider this Zuo Mo’s true “gold finger” but this one does play a significant role at this point in the story.
Proofread version: Chapters One to Five
Chapter Three The Little Yard
Making rain for fifty mu[1] was not an insignificant amount of work for even someone like Zuo Mo who had the cultivation of lianqi seventh level.
Wiping the sweat on his forehead, Zuo Mo expressionlessly said: “Alright, this is killing me.”
Old Black cheerfully gave a thumbs up: “Mo ge’s [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] is just as rumoured!” Finishing, he squatted down with a face full of joy to check the growth of the ling grain.
Zuo Mo calmly accepted the flattery. Old Black’s ling grain had been sturdily planted. Based on how it looked to his eyes, this year’s harvest would be good. Adding on the rain he made, it would increase the harvest by twenty something percent easily. As payment, he would take ten percent which wasn’t insignificant.
But when he saw the devoutness and joy that Old Black had when he stared at the ling grains, for some reason, he himself wasn’t happy.
Old Black had been an outer sect disciple at Wu Kong Sword Sect for twenty years. His cultivation was low and he had planted ling grains in the sect for twenty years.
Follow current novels on lightnovelpub[.]com
The rent for the ling fields could be converted to being paid using ling grains. Each year, one had to give ling grains to the sect and receive contribution points before they were given continual qualifications to stay and be an outer sect disciple in the sect. If one wanted to learn new spells, then keep increasing the contribution to the sect.
Roughly calculating, the amount that would land on a person’s hand was pitiful. The ling grains that were harvest, Old Black were reluctant to even eat.
It wasn’t easy being an outer sect disciple. Zuo Mo knew that better than anyone.
But even like this, even though Wu Kong Sword Sect was a small sect, there were still countless people that broke their heads trying to get in. Even if it was hard, they could learn something. When they went out later, they could find a good job. To someone like Old Black who didn’t have any savings, it was a very steady job.
Zuo Mo’s days were much better. Even though he was an outer sect disciple, but he had been taken in by the sect leader. No one dared to bully him. His innate skill and comprehension were high. After comprehending the third level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] by himself, his days were increasingly comfortable.
Zuo Mo had no great ambitions. There were no clues to his history and birth. Other than living more comfortable days, he didn’t have any other wishes.
After the labor, he slowly walked back to his own residence.
There was only Wu Kong Swords Sect on Wu Kong Mountain. There was plenty of space. The entire western peak was sectioned for the residential area of the outer sect disciples. How big one wanted to live, they could pick and construct themselves. But most people would choose the yards that former outer sect disciples had left. Even though people hadn’t lived in them for a long time, a good cleaning was all that’s needed.
Zuo Mo’s yard took up a great amount of space. He might be thin and weak but he liked large things so at the beginning, he had picked the biggest yard on the western peak. It was a seventh entry compound. Half a mu of fish pond, about five mu of ling fields. The shixiong[2] that had built this yard definitely would have been a fanatic about farming. There were no fake mountains, no flowerbeds and courtyard, no other decorations. This shixiong had changed it all to ling fields.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lig/htnovelpub[.]com
Other people had no interest in a yard without any sense of beauty, appeal, and incomplete seal formations. Zuo Mo liked it very much.
He didn’t raise anything in the fish pond. Just using the pond to bath in the summer was a refreshing luxury. Ling fields were good. Zuo Mo calculated it well. The ling fields that had to be rented from the sect, you had to pay rent. You didn’t have to pay rent on the ling fields in this yard. Other than that, there was a cold spring in the yard.
There were considerations in building a residence. Normally, it was best to build on top of a ling vein. Living constantly in places thick with ling energy would increase the speed of increasing cultivation. That was the reason those Secret Paradises were so expensive. But there weren’t many places with ling veins at all, so how would it be given to the outer sect disciples like him?
But who could have thought that under this neglected yard, there was a ling vein!
When he had moved in, Zuo Mo had searched everywhere for a place to meditate. He found a secluded room. When he pushed open the door, a rotten smell had rushed at him. There were many praying mats lying on the ground which all had decayed into a bunch of rotten grass. There was only one mat that had generally kept its shape.
After Zuo Mo put in tremendous effort into cleaning up the seclusion room, only the one mat had been left alone.
When Zuo Mo sat on the mat for the first time, he had frozen in shock.
The spot of the mat, the ling energy was much thicker than anywhere else!
Zuo Mo, whose heart had been beating frantically, had first though it was due to the mat. But very quickly, he found the real reason – under the mat there was a small side branch of ling vein! This section of ling veins was extremely small. It couldn’t be detected even one step away from the mat.
New novel chapters are published on lig/htnovelp/ub[.]com
At this time, he finally understood why that nameless shixiong had built such a large yard. It was most likely to disguise this little section of ling vein.
This nameless shixiong quickly became Zuo Mo’s idol.
To be able to find this little section of ling vein on the gigantic western peak and to clear an area for ling fields himself. Such ability, he didn’t seem like an outer sect disciple.
After finding the secret of the ling vein, Zuo Mo became even more low-key. He knew the logic of not showing off one’s wealth. If this bit of ling vein was found out by anyone else, there would be plotting against him. The best result would be it would be taken away by the sect.
In one breath, he put down thirty something mats on the floor of the seclusion room. Other than that, there were seventy or so mats piled in the corners. The colors of the mats varied, and the shapes were all different. All of them were woven by him. The strange habit of Little Zombie Mo of weaving mats was known throughout the outer sect disciples. Some people, when they wanted to find him to ask for help, they would go out and buy some exquisite mats as gifts. This caused the number of mats to increase and fill the entire seclusion room.
But normally, Zuo Mo persisted in meditating on the old mat that had been preserved. Not rotting after such a long time, this mat might have a special attribute. That unfathomable nameless shixiong caused him to be careful with anything that had been preserved in the room, and he didn’t dare to underestimate anything.
The only thing that Zuo Mo was somewhat regretful about was the ling fields had been fallow for too long. The grade had dropped once. Right now, it was only first-grade ling fields. It had taken countless efforts from Zuo Mo for the vitality to revive. But to once again reach second-grade, it needed time.
All five mu of the ling fields were planted with ling grains. The ling grains were waist-high, the leaf edges saw-toothed and very sharp. If not careful, it was easy to be cut. The ling grains had been seeded out at the same time so the height was extremely regular. It was a patch of green, extremely delightful.
But at night, it seemed very gloomy.
Visit /lightnovelpub[.]c/om for the best novel reading experience
To prevent people from thievery, Zuo Mo put down jinzhi all around the yard. These low level jinzhi didn’t have any attack power but if they were set off, they made a loud fuss.
The entire yard was worn down and rotten. Spider webs were everywhere. All the furniture were broken and rotten. The seal arrangements inside the rooms didn’t work due to years of neglect. No one competed for it with him.
None of this affected Zuo Mo. He liked sleeping on the roof at night. He meditated in the seclusion room. All the other rooms were kept empty or as storage, holding some normal food. The formations, he got someone to carve a light seal formation for light during the night. He was too lazy to spend the money on anything else.
Sitting on the prayer mat, the thick ling energy in the surroundings made his so comfortable he almost groaned. He controlled his emotions, refocused and the ling energy in his body slowly started to revolve.
The core scripture he used in his cultivation was [Ten Principle Scripture]. It was a widely circulated second-grade scripture. Its attribute was steadiness and mild. Basically, there was no worry of accidentally going wrong and becoming insane. The majority of the outer sect disciples of Wu Kong Swords Sect picked it as their main scripture to cultivate. But if they wanted to reach zhuji, the chances of success were very low. Disciple who had greater ambitions needed to use more contribution points of the sect to exchange for higher level scriptures.
It was as though Zuo Mo entered a void. The ling energy slowly moved through fixed paths. After one complete round, the body felt a fraction lighter.
With his cultivation of lianqi seventh level, he could persist in three circuits each time. He could felt each time as he inhaled and exhaled, a portion of the ling energy that he inhaled would merge into the ling energy that was moving inside the body. The thicker the ling energy in the surroundings, the more he could inhale each time. In these two years, this section of ling vein was of crucial importance for him going from the third level of lianqi to level seven.
After making three complete circuits, his mind retreated from the void.
His entire body felt rejuvenated. The exhaustion of before was all gone.
New novel chapters are published on light/novelpub[.]com
He casually ate something to fill his stomach. Before entering zhuji, xuizhe still needed normal food. Normal food couldn’t contribute ling energy but it was still essential to xuizhe who were still in the stage of lianqi. Thankfully, the price of normal food was cheap and no one needed to worry about starvation.
He took out the jade stick he had brought yesterday. The jade stick was made from good jade, verdant and glistening. Holding it in his grasp, the material felt cold and heavy.
Floating in his head were mountains of ling grains and him laying contentedly on top of it all.
––Such a desirable life!
In the gloomy room, a thin male with a wooden zombie face gave out a stream of snickers that would raise the hair of anyone else.
After finishing dreaming, Zuo Mo focused attentively on examining the jade stick in his hand.
Putting in ling energy to the jade stick, many words instantly floated into his mind.
The jade stick had five kinds of spells, [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], [Art of Earth Energy], [Art of Aged Gold], [Art of Flora], [Art of Crimson Flame]. Other than [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], Zuo Mo had never learned any of the other four.
Being able to learn new spells, Zuo Mo was extremely happy. He couldn’t help taking a deep breath.
Updated from /lightno/velpub[.]/com
He could guess that from now on for a long time, he needed to put most of his attention on the remaining four spells.
The first one he tried was [Art of Aged Gold]. In the five elements, the primary use of gold was destruction and killing. Most of the spells related to gold were related to killing. Ling grains had many natural enemies that were extremely troublesome, such as many kinds of aphids. They would burrow into the stalks of ling grains, even hollowing out the stalk. Average planters had no way of dealing with them.
The [Art of Aged Gold] was a sufficient method. It could let the power of gold permeate inside the ling grains and kill the pests inside the ling grains. This was the spell that Zuo Mo needed the most presently. Other than the contracts he had signed with the other disciples, he himself had rented fifty mu of ling fields.
The harvest from these fifty mu of ling fields made up a significant amount of his income each year.
He read through [Art of Aged Gold] word by word, not daring to miss a word. The number of spells he had learned were pitifully little. Learning a completely new spell, he instantly felt it was a challenge.
After two hours, he made no progress. No matter how he tried, he could not form the aged gold energy that was mentioned in [Art of Aged Gold].
All the spells in [Art of Aged Gold] were made using the aged gold energy. Not being able to form the aged gold energy, he couldn’t learn any of the spells in [Art of Aged Gold].
The zombie face was wooden but that pair of spirited eyes showed a few hints of fierceness.
[1] 亩: measurement of area. Approximately one fifteenth of a hectare.
Follow current novels on lightnovel/p/u/b[./]com
[2] 师兄: senior male fellow student or apprentice



Chapter 4: Absurdity
Chapter Four Absurdity
The light of the sunrise broke through the darkness, the red sun slowly rising. As the light streamed into the seclusion room through the windows, the thin fingers suddenly turned gold!
Zuo Mo put his index finger in front of his red-veined eyes.
There seemed to be a gold layer around his index finger. The expressionless Zuo Mo’s eyes were intoxicated. As the sunlight changed direction, leaving his finger, it revealed the original appearance. A layer of light gold energy was wrapped around Zuo Mo’s index finger, slowly turning.
The aged gold energy!
Just at this time, clang clang clang clang clang. The melodious bell ran five times, echoing in the mountains.
The gold light on the finger shook and the aged gold energy suddenly collapsed.
Zuo Mo jumped up dishevelled from the ground. Damn it! It was already morning. Disregarding his hunger, he ran outside like the wind.
At this time, if one was in the sky above Wu Kong Mountain, they would see hundreds of figures running out of their yards to head to the same place.
Zuo Mo once again cursed inside the rule that outer sect members were not allowed to fly inside the mountain, his feet moving frantically as he sprinted.
New novel chapters are published on lightno//vel/pub[.]com
The Hall of Hearing Principles was located at the Cow Horn Peak of Wu Kong Mountain. This mountain peak was named due to its shape.
When Zuo Mo burst into the Hall of Hearing Principles, there were already many people sitting down. He randomly found a mat to sit and gasped for air.
At the front, a young person was sitting. About twenty or so, his face like jade, his eyes like stars, the light threatening. A dark blue plain robe. Among the tens of people in the room, he was like the crane among the chickens.
Xu Yue, third ranked among the inner sect disciples. Usually, he was responsible for teaching the outer sect disciple. He was the disciple of Master Xin Yan. He was the one most talented at forging among the inner sect disciples. Other than that, he had a vast knowledge on a variety of miscellaneous topics.
Ding!
On the table, a bell made from jade rang, the sound rising and spreading out. Zuo Mo felt his mind jump and become refreshed, the tiredness from staying up all night disappearing.
Xu Yi shixiong’s Green Water Jade Bell Set was one of the talismans that Zuo Mo wanted the most. The rack was made up of red copper. Seven green bells were arranged in order of large to small. Carved on each bell were countless ant-like seal characters. The green light would flow and it was lovely.
Each bell had a different affect. The one that had been struck was [Great Clear Sound Incantation]
Zuo M could only just be envious. This set of green jade bells had taken tremendous time and energy by Xu Yi shixiong to forge. The other shixiong didn’t have one either.
Visit lig/htnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
Xu Yue shixiong was well loved by the outer sect disciple. Any other shixiong, who would use [Great Clear Sound Incantation] to help clear their minds?
Xu Yue’s sleeve swept out and the doors of the Hall of Hearing Principles loudly closed.
Zuo Mo’s attention was on the desk in front of shixiong. Other than that set of green jade bells, there were also a variety of knick-knacks.
Forging? Zuo Mo instantly rejoiced inside. He had entered Wu Kong Sword Sect for two years but never heard san shixiong[1] talk about forging.
Every so often after an amount of time passed, san shixiong would teach some of the methods of cultivation. It was one of the benefits for outer sect disciples. Many people entered the sect just in order to learn these cultivation methods so when they left the mountain sect, they could find a good job.
Like Zuo Mo. He only had a cultivation of seventh level lianqi. He couldn’t find many jobs. But if his third level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], he could find a pretty good job in any farm or medicine garden. Tian Yu Jie didn’t have many exports but due to the good climate and abundant ling energy, there were many farms and medicine gardens.
Scriptures increase ling energy and cultivation. What was needed was the resources and accumulation. Ling veins, ling medicine, jingshi, they could all increase cultivation. If they were not available, then you could only rely on time to slowly accumulate.
Spells were the usage of ling energy. What was needed was teachings and comprehension. There were geniuses who could comprehend the arts on their own but for normal people, receiving teachings was more realistic.
Some large sects, before their disciples achieved zhuji, they were restricted from learning arts. That was because the way they looked at it, cultivation was the most fundamental.
Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for a better experience
But for normal xiuzhe, cultivation was just a delusion. Ling veins, ling medicine, jingshi etc . None of those were things they could wish for. In comparison, spells were more realistic. One could find a pretty good job, receive a pretty good income. Other than guaranteeing a livelihood, their descendants wouldn’t find it as difficult for their cultivation.
“You have spent a certain amount of time at this sect. I know how much effort and hardship you have endured. You have to keep cultivating and not start to neglect it. It will make it easier to find a living in the future. Your efforts would not be wasted. Cultivation through scriptures, I won’t be chatty. There isn’t anything to talk about there. If your scores this year are excellent, I naturally will pass on high-level scriptures to you.
Today, what I am going to be speaking of is two ways of forging talismans. The first is Ling Exciting Hoe, the second is Needle and Thread Sucking Pouch.
The ling Exciting Hoe is an essential talisman for you in order to take care of the ling fields. It can excite the ling energy inside the ling fields and make it easier for the ling plants to absorb ling energy. The Needle and Thread Sucking Pouch is used to intake the sap of the ling plants. Remember, you have to quickly hand over the sap of the ling plants that are sucked out. Otherwise, when the ling energy in the sap has dissipated, you can’t get a single contribution point.
Pay close attention. I’ll only say all of this once today ……”
Xu Yue shixiong spoke plainly, spirit in his words that made convinced people.
Zuo Mo listened extremely carefully. This was the first time he touched the topic of forging. He was afraid to lose even one word.
When Xu Yue shixiong finished his lecture, it was six hours later. He hadn’t ate all night, and concentrated for six hours, the front chest of Zuo Mo was touching his back. Quickly returning to his yard, he searched around for something to fill his stomach.
Before he could wipe his mouth, a sudden sword light came down from the sky, landing in the yard. The jinzhi around the yard didn’t have any strength to resist before exploding.
Updated from li/g/htnovelpu/b[.]com
A man with an icy expression appeared in front of Zuo Mo.
Zuo Mo swallowed the swear that had reached his mouth right back into his stomach, his heart jumping wildly. Why did this death god come?
Before he could make a bow, he heard the other snort: “You are Zuo Mo?”
“Zuo Mo greets Luo Li shixiong!” Zuo Mo’s voice was respectful as he made a deep bow. Luo Li shixiong might be ranked fourth among the inner sect disciple but he had the deepest cultivation among this generation of disciples. His natural personality was cold and he was a fanatic about cultivation. His innate talents were outstanding and among the second generation, he was the only disciple that managed to achieve [Empty Sword]. He was the one widely accepted as the one most likely in two hundred years to achieve the sect’s greatest technique, [Void Sword].
Just as famous as his innate talents and power was his moody temper. He was responsible for supervising a mine for the sect. According to rumors, if the xiu servants who mind there were even the least bit incompliant, he would kill them with one stroke.
Luo Li was too lazy to talk to him. He suddenly appeared behind Zuo Mo’s back and lifted off, holding his collar.
Zuo Mo might have called himself the first one among the outer sect disciples to have a steed, but it was the first time he experienced such flying speed. He only felt the sky and earth were rotating, the oncoming wing making his face hurt and he couldn’t even open his eyes.
When his feet touched the ground, Zuo Mo almost collapsed.
“So it really is a zombie face.”
Visit /lightnovel/pub[.]com for a better experience
Zuo Mo, who had just recovered from dizziness, heard this and instantly his good opinion of the speaker was zero.
A young female dressed in green examined him in interest. Her chin was pointy, her cheekbones slightly high. There was a smile on her face but there wasn’t any warmth in her eyes.
Her gaze made Zuo Mo very uncomfortable but he didn’t dare to show any discontent. He respectfully gave a bow: “Greetings to Hao shijie !”[2]
Hao Min shijie and Luo Li shixiong were the disciples of Yan Le Shishu. [3]. Supposedly, Luo Li shixiong was weirdly infatuated with her. That rumor didn’t seem to be unfounded.
“I heard your [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] is at the third level?” Hao Min pierced Zuo Mo with a look and asked.
“Yes!”
“Very good.” Hao Min said, satisfied: “I’m going out for a time. In this time, the medicine fields will be given into your care.”
Not given Zuo Mo any time to talk, she threw a jade pendant at Zuo Mo, coldly stating: “This is the certificate to get into the medicine fields. Rain once a day. From today until I return, in this time, you have to take care of the medicine fields.”
Her tone instantly became severe: “My temper isn’t very good. We’ll put the ugly words first. If something goes wrong with the medicine fields, I won’t forgive you when I return!”
New novel chapters are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
Finishing, she didn’t look at Zuo Mo, turning to look at Luo Li. She wrapped around his arm, her smile like a flower, her voice gentle as water: “Shixiong, let’s go.”
A few hints of warmth floated on Luo Li’s face. He looked carelessly at Zuo Mo, snorted coldly and the two flew into the air.
Zuo Mo held the jade pendent, frozen to the spot as he watched the two disappear into the sky.
When a person is misfortunate, even drinking water would get stuck in the teeth. He had never thought he would be this misfortunate.
The outer sect disciples didn’t like Hao Min shijie. She was ruthless and selfish. Being ordered about by her didn’t have any benefits. Her temper was also nasty and as fickle as Luo Li shixiong. If one didn’t take care, it was beatings and scolding.
From beginning to end, the two never even asked for his opinion.
Zuo Mo screamed inside.
From when he opened his eyes to now, he only interacted with the ling grains. He had never taken care of medicine fields before. Even worse, with his cultivation, he could only do the third level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] once every day.
Thinking about the rain agreements he had signed with the other shixiong, his mouth was bitter.
Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for a better experience
There were three places in Wu Kong Sword Sect for medicine fields. The one that Hao Min shijie was responsible was in Cold Mist Valley. He held the jade pendant, his heart jumping as he walked in the direction of Cold Mist Valley.
Cold Mist Valley was between two mountain peaks, mist swirling about all year around. The temperature was lower than anywhere else on Wu Kong Mountain and that was how it got its name. It was one of the important areas of the sect. Outer sect disciples basically had no permission to enter. If it wasn’t that Zuo Mo’s [Little Art of Rain and Cloud] had reached the third level, Hao Min definitely wouldn’t have picked him.
On the road, there were old trees, grass everywhere. Fragrance rose and vitality was present. Sometimes, small animals like rabbits and squirrels passed by, joyfully jumping. But Zuo Mo had no interest in admiring scenery. His heart beat frantically as he held the jade pendant and furtively made his way, two legs trembling.
Everywhere on this road were jinzhi. They were in the open or in the shadows. Some strong jinzhi occasionally would discharge a terrifying aura which made him almost suffocate. With his seventh level lianqi abilities, if he accidentally set off the jinzhi, not a drop of him would remain.
If it wasn’t that he naturally had a zombie face, his face definitely would be pasty white and bloodless.
[1] 三师兄: third elder student. Referring to Xu Yi who is ranked third
[2] 师姐: senior female student
[3] 师叔: senior uncle. Male of a sect’s older generation.



Chapter 5: Cold Mist Valley
Chapter Five Cold Mist Valley
Using the jade pendant in his hands, Zuo Mo safely reached the entrance to Cold Mist Valley.
The entrance was shrouded in mist, a white piece of blankness.
Zuo Mo hesitated for a while, not finding any other roads, and could only stride towards the white mist.
When he entered the mist, the white mist seemed to have recognized him and automatically divided, revealing a small alley. His mind relaxed and let out a breath. He admired the techniques that the sect had. If one day he could do the same, it would be so refreshing.
His thoughts couldn’t help but wander away.
Following the alley in the mist, after walking half a mile, his perception suddenly widened.
About five mu of the valley were filled with all kinds of ling medicine. Their colors varied and their shapes were strange. Looking out, it was as though a colourful carpet had been laid out on the valley flower. Several dozens of rainbow Sparrow-Tailed Butterflies flew around. Black-banded Yellow Honeybees formed troops and flew to and fro.
At the very bottom of the valley, a silver waterfall flew down from the cliff, roaring like thunder. With great power, it loudly smashed into a deep pond, making countless water drops.
The moisture and the fragrance of all kinds of ling herbs mixed together. Taking a deep breath, Zuo Mo felt unspeakably comfortable. He suddenly felt that taking care of the ling fields were wasn’t as bad as he thought.
This content is taken from li/ghtnove/lp/ub[.]com
Remembering that Hao Min warned to make rain once every day, Zuo Mo hurriedly started to pinch and activate the spell.
The moisture condensed from all around, visible to the naked eye, and gradually formed a ball of cloud, floating above the medicine fields. The spell on Zuo Mo’s hands rapidly changed and after a series of dazzling movements, the cloud started to rain and a fine drizzle flowed into the medicine fields.
This little storm lasted for an hour before the cloud dissipated. Zuo Mo gave a breath of relief. It was very wet here and made it much easier to do [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]. He couldn’t help but start to calculate. The situation was better than he had hoped for. If he toiled hard enough, he could barely finish what had been set out in the contracts.
What he had to pray for was that nothing would happen to the medicine fields and remain safe and compete until Hao Min shijie came back.
Nothing could be solved by him.
If he had any fantasies before, he understood the cruel reality now. He was very sensitive to the density of ling energy. The ling energy of Cold Mist Valley was very plentiful. To have ploughed medicine fields in such a good spot, the grade of the ling herbs that were planted definitely wouldn’t be low.
If something really happened on his watch, he would … …
He shuddered.
Even though the path was layered in jinzhi, there weren’t any in the valley. Zuo Mo went around the entire valley. The pond was so deep the bottom couldn’t be seen. The cold of the water pierced straight into the bones. The sound of the waterfall was very loud, echoing around the entire valley.
The source of this content is l//igh/tnovel/pub[.]com
He crouched in the ling fields, inspecting the ling herbs one by one. He needed to remember the characteristics of each ling herb by heart. He had only grown ling grain before and had no knowledge of ling herbs, so he could only use this brute method. Right now, he didn’t hope for receiving any rewards, and only hoped that nothing would go wrong.
Any ling herb here, if he sold himself, it wasn’t still enough to repay it.
He could guarantee he had never focused so hard before.
It was only when the sky was turning dark that he dragged his exhausted body back to the yard. When he saw the mess surrounding the yard, the jinzhi that had been ripped to shreds, he wanted to cry.
At this time, he didn’t have the energy to construct the jinzhi again. He was so tired he wanted to die. He didn’t have the strength to even raise his eyelids.
Returning to the seclusion room, he only managed to add a drop of ling energy into the sound tablet before dropping down on the mat and falling asleep.
He woke up in the sound of the sound tablet’s broadcast.
“The twenty third [Sword Test Conference] has finished its qualification rounds. Up until now, four thousand two hundred and fifty three sword xiu have receive qualifications for the competition. This year’s [Sword Test Conference] has plenty of rewards. The top one hundred will receive a fourth-grade flying sword. The top ten will receive a fifth-grade flying sword. The prize for the winner has been confirmed as [Arrowpoint], seventh-grade. According to those familiar, this is the highest grade of flying sword that has been seen in the history of the [Sword Test Conference]. This has caused the interest of many major sect disciples including those from Wu Shuang Sword Sect, Suo Luo Sword Sect… …”
“Good thing, good thing. I want, I want. No chance, no change.”
New novel chapters are published on /lightnovelpub[.]com
Zuo Mo carelessly climbed up from the mat, humming a strange tune.
Walking out of the seclusion room, he started to construct the jinzhi. As to the walls, he could only wait for another time to build them.
He could see broken bricks everywhere and had to clean the surroundings. Otherwise, he didn’t even have space to set up the jinzhi. With his seventh level lianqi sill, there were many restrictions for him to set up a jinzhi.
Humming a small tune, he cleaned up the broken and ruined walls. This yard had been built long ago and the walled were already in ruins. Now it was completely destroyed by Luo Li shixiong. Thinking about the strong and imposing manner of Luo Li shixiong as he landed from the sky, Zuo Mo felt his heart palpitate even now.
Ah, Zuo Mo suddenly stopped walking and bent down to pick up something.
It was a little pink paper crane, much smaller than Zuo Mo’s yellow paper crane, and very well made. This was Little Thousand Crane, used for passing letters and speech. But this was a plaything. It’s speed wasn’t as fast as letters using flying swords, especially for long distances. Using it wasn’t very convenient so most of the users were xiuzhe that were lower than jindan.
How did it run over to his place?
Zuo Mo rudely unfolded the pink Little Thousand Crane and suddenly understood. It was a wishing Little Thousand Crane.
Very long ago, when the xiuzhe started to break through the void and search for new jie, they frequently would encounter dangers and get trapped. After the trapped xiuzhe found that they couldn’t break free, they would write their wishes and plea for help on the Little Thousand Crane and let it fly free. Since there weren’t any imprints, no one knew where the Little Thousand Cranes would fly. But the life of a xiuzhe was long. If they were lucky, they could still make it for a long period of time.
Visit lightn/ovel/pub/[.]com for the best novel reading experience
After the first time a rescue occurred due to a wishing Little Thousand Crane, the wishing Little Thousand Crane became fashionable in the xiuzhe world. As time progress, this became a game for female xiuzhe to expel their feelings. They would write their emotions on the wishing Little Paper Cranes and send them out. However, they would put an impression on it so the one who picked it up could sent the wishing Little Thousand Crane back to their hands based on the imprint
What made a young girl’s heart beat faster than some fate that couldn’t be calculated and was too wonderful for words?
Zuo Mo couldn’t understand it. In his heart, there were only jingshi, ling grains, cultivation. Romance, this kind of luxury, he didn’t have any of it.
Unfolding the Little Thousand Crane, it reveals a few rows of beautiful writing.
“Hoping so much
To carry a bag
Go out alone to roam
At a place where there was no one else
Sing
Follow current novels on lig/htnovelpub[/./]c/om
Soak in the sun”
Sentimental nonsense. Zuo Mo snorted coldly inside and gave the criticism he thought most accurate. It was such a pity. Wasting such good paper. He didn’t know what paper it was made out of but looking at the quality, it wouldn’t be lower than third-grade.
To use third-grade paper to make a Little Thousand Crane. It was a waste that raised people’s hackles.
Once the paper was used, it couldn’t be used again. Such a pity, Zuo Mo thought.
He was preparing to crumple the pink paper into a ball when he suddenly stopped. Expressionlessly, he tilted his head. Thinking, he started to run into his room.
Rushing into the room, he looked around and found what he wanted.
Fresh and thick cinnabar and a weasel bristle brush.
Taking up the brush, dipping deep into the cinnabar, his wrist flowing as he wrote out a word.
– “Dumbass.”
Visit ligh/tnovelpub[.]com for a better experience
Looking at the bright red that took almost all of the pink paper, Zuo Mo roared with laughter, extremely smug.
His life was nerve-wracking and full. It was extremely hard and he didn’t have any time to be depressed. He knew very well the difficulty in life. All around him, everyone was putting their lives on the line in order to survive, for their families, for their descendants. Like Old Black. Even if it was hard and exhausting but he didn’t dislike this kind of life. He felt the opposite. This was life.
Sentimential nonsense. Only people who had idle lives and no ambitions would have that. Zuo Mo looked down on those people.
In a cheerful mood he hummed a tune as he folded the paper again into a Little Thousand Crane.
“Who’s a dumbass, who’s a dumbass. You’re a dumbass, you’re a dumbass……”
The imprint of the owner was on the Little Thousand Crane. After Zuo Mo put ling energy into it, he threw it up in the air.
The pink Little Thousand Crane flapped its tiny wings and disappeared into the sky.
Zuo Mo’s mood became exceptionally well. He exuberantly cleaned the yard, his steps lighter than usual.
When the jinzhi were finished, it was past noon. He grabbed something to eat before going back to the seclusion room to meditate.
Follow current novels on lightnovelpub[.]com
Normal outer sect disciples rarely would spend such a long time on meditation. Compared to learning the arts, meditation and increasing cultivation wasn’t profitable.
However, Zuo Mo persisted in spending four hours each day on meditation. After he found the ling vein in the seclusion room, he spent even more time each day in mediation. The cultivation was the foundation. That was a rationale all xiuzhe understood. He had the benefit of the ling vein. Even though what he cultivated with was the most normal scripture, but the results were still outstanding.
Just how rigid the ranks were in the cultivation world, he had a very deep impression. If he could achieve zhuji, even if he was an outer sect disciple, Hao Min and Luo Li wouldn’t dare to treat him so. Zhuji was a division line. It would directly decide the quality of your life.
To receive a beautiful life. The only way was to continuously increase your own power.
His mediation, once he sat down, was six hours. When he opened his eyes again, his eyes were filled with joy.
Lianqi eight level!
Persisting in cultivating and doing the scripture, the payback finally came. He made it to the eighth level!
The cultivation of eighth level liangqi, in all of the outer sect disciple of the entire Wu Kong Sword Sect, it definitely could enter the top three.
He spread out his fingers and started to apply a spell. A layer of aged gold energy appeared around his finger. Once his cultivation increased a level, it was much easier to do a spell. A super excited Zuo Mo started to do [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]
This content is taken from l/ight/n/ovelpub[.]com
Once he started, he instantly felt the difference. The speed at which the moisture condensed was much faster. The rain drops poured down like they wouldn’t stop. Some new experiences he took time to savor.
Suddenly remembering the medicine fields, he woke up and climbed up, rushing out of his yard.
Running to Cold Mist Valley in one go, not taking the time to recover, he started to release [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]. Only when everything had been rained on did the stone in his heart land on the ground.



Chapter 6: Highly Dangerous
Chapter Six Highly Dangerous
“Shixiong has come.” Fei Yun enthusiastically gave a greeting. He was wearing the light yellow robes of all the disciples of the Everything Pavilion. It was just the front had been rolled up and tucked at the waist.
Zuo Mo’s voice was friendly: “You’re on duty today?”
“Shixiong has to look after me.” Fei Yun chuckled. He was clear. This zombie face was a large account among all the outer sect disciples. Most of his sales came from this person.
Wu Kong Sword Sect was far from Dong Fu and it was exceedingly troublesome to make a round. The Everything Pavilion had been set up to ease the way for everyone. There wasn’t much high-level inventory sold at the Everything Pavilion but for outer sect disciples, it could basically fulfill their needs. Even if the prices were slightly higher than Dong Fu, but it was much more convenient and everyone became used to buying what they needed here.
Even for Zuo Mo who had a flying paper crane, it was troublesome to go to Dong Fu.
The two were familiar and he wasn’t courteous: “Anything good lately?”
“There’s a few first-grade talismans but I’m afraid it isn’t what shixiong wishes for.” Fei Yun smiled as he answered. Upon familiarity, he had experienced Zuo Mo’s shrewdness. He rarely would buy something that he didn’t need.
“I’ll take a look.” Zuo Mo didn’t refuse.
Fei Yun took out some talismans. Zuo Mo flipped through them one by one.
This content is taken from //lightnovelpub[//.]com
A bangle color orange, carved from an entire piece of fire jade, could increase the ability of the use to control flames. Zuo Mo put it to one side. This bangle was useful for those who made medicine. He didn’t need it. And the price of ten pieces of second-grade jingshi was too expensive and not useful enough.
The following few items, he put them down as well.
Only a yellow copper ring, he examined for a long time.
“Shixiong is interested in this ring?” Fei Yun saw hope and started to urge: “[Golden Sword Ring], first-grade gold element talisman. Only need to input gold ling energy until it is full and then it can release three sword strikes. The power is astounding and overwhelmingly strong. The important part is, the price is great. Just five pieces of second-grade jingshi. A talisman, five pieces of second-grade jingshi, there’s no other place.”
Fei Yun ran on, hyping the [Golden Sword Ring]
Zuo Mo didn’t speak. He adjusted his energy and diverted ling energy towards the ring. If it was like before, he couldn’t use the ring. But now, he learned [Aged Gold Energy] and could turn his ling energy into gold ling energy so he could use the ring.
Fei Yun saw an inkling and quickly closed his mouth to avoid distracting Zuo Mo.
The ling energy continued to pour into the ring, the dark yellow copper ring started to glow. Zuo Mo was shocked. No wonder it was a talisman. The majority of the ling energy in his body had been given and it barely managed to fill one third of the ring.
His mind moved and he fused together his fingers, pointing at the ground.
Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
Hua!
A gold colored sword strike came out, hitting the stone ground. Crack! Fragments of stone sprayed and an extremely thin and deep hole was left in the stone.
The sword strike was so penetrating!
Xiuzhe under zhuji would have difficulty blocking it. The power behind this talisman was enough. The only flaw was that it could only store three sword strikes. But thinking about it, if it didn’t have this flaw, would the talisman be the price it was now?
Fei Yun came over: “How does shixiong feel?”
Zuo Mo was satisfied inside but nothing showed on his face: “I’ll buy it.”
Fei Yun cheered: “Shixiong has good eyes!”
Zuo Mo handed over a list filled with materials: “Do you have these?”
Fei Yun took the list and scanned. He said, shocked: “Shixiong wants to make a [Ling Exciting Hoe]? Why waste the effort? I have a pretty good quality product. If shixiong wants it, I’ll give shixiong a realistic price.”
Visit lightnovelpub[./]/com for a better experience
“I want to make one. It’s a kind of comprehension.” Zuo Mo replied.
Fei Yun paused and then said solemnly: “Shixiong’s words are reasonable. This one is in awe. I have all of these materials. Shixiong, just wait for a moment.”
Coming out of the Everything Pavilion, Zuo Mo had spent most of his jingshi. Buying the [Golden Sword Ring] wasn’t an impulse out of the blue. When he had achieved the eight level of lianqi last night, he had decided to buy a defensive talisman. Two years, from liangqi level three to level eight. Such speed, it would astound people.
Based on what he saw, he had pretty good talent but not to such a terrifying degree. The biggest credit should be that section of ling vein!
His cultivation of lianqi level eight couldn’t be concealed from others. If it landed in the eyes of those with ideas, all kinds of conclusions would form. But the thing about the ling vein was that it couldn’t become public.
The common saying was right. Easy to avoid the daylight robbery, hard to defend against the arrows from the dark shadows. Not afraid of a thieve stealing, afraid of a thieve thinking. If the news that he achieved level eight of lianqi, there would be many that would be thinking about him.
He resolved to decrease the time he spent out in the following days. He would stay home and ponder the jade stick. He had just started on [Art of Aged Gold]. Not even saying the third level, he was still very far from the second level. But he also knew that paper couldn’t enclose a flame for long. He couldn’t hide the fact that he achieved level eight lianqi for long.
This [Golden Sword Ring] was to prevent accidents from occurring.
He had never seen an incident of kill and rob for treasure but he had heard of many. Carefulness wasn’t a bad thing.
Visit lightno/velpub//[.]com for a better experience
Forging [Ling Exciting Hoe] was one of his ideas from long ago. When he had just known that there was a thing called forging, he was filled with interest for this strange art. But he had never had the chance. Just a while ago when Xu Yue shixiong taught them how to make [Ling Exciting Hoe] and [Thousand Threads and Needles Pouch], now he could try to start forging.
He brought the materials needed but he didn’t start forging immediately. He just broke into the eight level and his status wasn’t stable. Another way of saying it was that he wasn’t familiar with the present ling energy he had now. He put the majority of the time on [Art of Aged Gold]. Other than going to the medicine fields once a day, he basically stayed home the entire time. When he made rain for others, he didn’t put his all in. Just like before, he would show an exhausted appearance after each time.
After a few days, no one had managed to find that he reached the eight level of lianqi.
Zuo Mo’s heart finally landed. Sometimes he would think, were his fears groundless? But out of prudence, he would spend some time each day using [Golden Sword Ring], and would always make sure that the ling energy in the ring was full.
Thankfully everything was calm and no accidents happened.
He squatted in the ling fields of the yard, his right hand on a stalk of ling grain, his eyes closed. The faint gold of [Aged Gold Energy] quietly slipped into the ling grain. He could feel the [Aged Gold Energy] effortlessly travelling through the body of the ling grain.
Suddenly, a series of fluctuations came from the [Aged Gold Energy]. Zuo Mo’s mind roused. He found his goal!
It was a crowd of aphids.
The calm [Aged Gold Energy] was like a shark that smelled blood, furiously rushing at the goal. Through the information that the [Aged Gold Energy] passed along, Zuo Mo could clearly feel the tyrannical state of the aphids and the intense rejection it had towards the [Aged Gold Energy].
This content is taken from lig/htnovelpub[.//]c/om
Consciousness to consciousness. Zuo Mo, who had never been attacked, lost control of the [Aged Gold Energy].
Forcing himself to calm down, he didn’t retreat from the furious and tyrannical consciousness of the aphids. A cold light flashed through his eyes. He pressed the [Aged Gold Energy]. Already roaring to go, the [Aged Gold Energy] leapt towards the aphids!
[Aged Gold Energy] was like numerous grains of tiny sand. They surrounded the aphids and continuously left tiny wounds on the aphids.
These half-clear aphids might be hard to distinguish with the naked eye, their consciousness also extremely small but they could merge the consciousness of every aphid together to form a mind thousands of times larger than their single minds. Their spirits were filled with brutality, destruction and ruin!
Other than that, they kept on secreting a colloidal solution to heal their wounded body.
This was a great and fierce battle!
Zuo Mo hadn’t thought a trial run of [Aged Gold Energy] would turn out like this!
He completely forgot this was a normal trial run. His mind was immersed in this battle, immersed in that lump of [Aged Gold Energy]. He put all his effort to sustain the [Aged Gold Energy] and ran again and again at the aphids.
No one else would be like him, putting their consciousness on the [Aged Gold Energy]. It was just too dangerous.
New novel chapters are published on light/nove//lpub[.]com
He had never been in battle. His consciousness was extremely fragile. Just one slip, it was easy for his consciousness to be scattered by an even stronger consciousness. Any other person might become insane from doing so. But the brutal consciousness from the merging of the aphids didn’t overcome Zuo Mo’s consciousness but aroused the viciousness in Zuo Mo’s bones. He was like a provoked lion, crazily leaping at the enemy!
In the natural world, the weaker were afraid of the stronger.
When Zuo Mo’s consciousness became even more crazy and fierce, the aphids with their low intelligence instinctively felt fear.
The battle which had been deadlocked quickly leaned towards Zuo Mo.
The [Aged Gold Energy] continued to tear. One by one, the aphids were torn to shreds. Everywhere it passed, it would only leave behind a heap of the powder of the aphids. It was actually very strange. The [Aged Gold Energy] that was extremely damaging to the aphids were gentle and harmless to the ling grains.
When the very last aphid was killed, Zuo Mo finally came out of the desperate killing. It was like he had been taken out of the water. His entire body was soaked in sweat. He panted heavily, his eyes like an wild animal, glaring viciously.
After another while, the viciousness in his eyes finally left. He couldn’t carry on and sat down on the ground.
At this time, he felt the fear come on.
“No wonder there aren’t many ling plant farmers. If they aren’t careful, they would die easily!” As he panted, Zuo Mo patted his chest. Before, he had assumed that farming was a safe profession. But he didn’t think it would be so dangerous!
This content is taken from lig/htnovelpu//b/[.]com
He didn’t have any energy left so he sat in the ling fields before he struggled up and moved to the seclusion room.
He needed to replenish ling energy. All the ling energy in his body had been completely wrung out, not a drop remaining.
He didn’t know if it was that he was exhausted but he very quickly entered a meditative state.



Chapter 7: Ye&#x2019;ll[1] Wait For You
Zuo Mo takes a small step on his road to become a ling plant farmer. And then he gets into trouble.
In cultivation, the ling energy moves around in “channels” through the body like blood does and a complete circuit is called a revolution. When more ling energy is used, the revolution speeds up, like the heart pumping more blood to carry oxygen during exercise.
Chapter Seven Ye’ll[1] Wait For You
Waking up from his meditation, Zuo Mo’s soul and body were both refreshed, his entire body light and extremely comfortable.
Coming out of the seclusion room, he took along the sound tablet and jumped onto the roof.
Reaching out with his fingers, his mind moved and the light gold of [Aged Gold Energy] appeared with no effort at all. Zuo Mo was gleeful. He didn’t eat all that trouble for nothing. Clearly his control of [Aged Gold Energy] had increased dramatically.
The [Aged Gold Energy] around his finger suddenly twisted quickly and stopped. It shone like the stars, like specks of tiny gold sand, extremely pretty in the dark.
An idea suddenly came into his head. Was [Aged Gold Energy] actually an offensive spell?
That minor yet exceptionally vicious fight made him conceive this idea.
But, from what he understood about ling plant farmers, they were the classical non-fighting profession. He had never heard of any ling plant farmer that was good at fighting. Also, he wasn’t the only one in the sect that knew [Aged Gold Energy]. Everyone had different talents. Zuo Mo could learn the third level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], naturally there were people good at the other arts.
Updated from lightnovelpu/b[./]c/om
In the outer sect disciples, there was a shixiong who was on the second level of [Aged Gold Energy]. Not just [Aged Gold Energy], even the [Art of Flora], [Art of Earth Energy], and [Art of Crimson Flame] were practiced by other people. It was just they were not high-level.
Was he wrong?
The question circled in his head and wouldn’t disappear.
But very quickly, he didn’t want to think about the question. He took up the sound tablet, added some ling energy and put it beside him.
His head lying on his arms as he looked at the vast sky, his heart slowly calmed. The night wind blew gently, cold, unspeakably pleasant. Hearing the news that continuously streamed out of the sound tablet, Zuo Mo peacefully fell asleep.
The next day, he went to make rain for the medicine fields and made another contract to make rain for a shixiong before going back to his own yard.
Passing by the ling fields, looking at the neat rows of ling grains, he suddenly thought of his suspicion from last night.
Hesitating for a second, he decided to try once.
His hand touched a ling grain, the [Aged Gold Energy] soundlessly permeating the stalk. Just like yesterday, Zuo Mo’s consciousness was connected to the [Aged Gold Energy].
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
Very quickly, the [Aged Gold Energy] found a patch of aphids. Zuo Mo instantly became nervous. Due to the brutality of yesterday, he still felt trepidation
However, today’s situation was out of his expectations. The [Aged Gold Energy] didn’t encounter any resistance. All the aphids were ground to dust in less than fifteen minutes. The entire process was done in one go without any hindrance.
Why was it like this?
He was puzzled. He put his hand on another stalk of ling grain. The same situation occurred. Was it that stalk of ling grain yesterday was different? He shook his head. There were no differences between the two stalks today and the one yesterday.
Where was it going wrong?
He ran to the spot of the stalk of ling grain from yesterday and checked again. There truly weren’t any differences. However, he found that this stalk of ling grain’s growth was much better than yesterday, the leaves greener. And the powdered remains of the aphids had become their food. Based on his two years of farming experience, he estimated that the production of this stalk of ling grain would definitely be greater than before.
Zuo Mo was gleeful. The question of whether [Aged Gold Energy] should be considered offensive or not was thrown to one side.
What was a benefit more realistic than increasing production? Ling grains were jinshi, jinshi were talismans, spells… …
Zuo Mo put one hundred percent into the large task of clearing pests from the ling fields. Five mu of ling fields, he wasn’t going to let go of one stalk.
For more, visit lightnovelpu/b[.]com
Ten entire days. Other than going to the medicine fields and ling fields to make rain, all the other time was spent on the ling grains in his yard. He used [Aged Gold Energy] on one stalk after the next. When he spent all his ling energy, he ran to the seclusion room to recover and then came out, and repeat. After a while, he was almost numb, mechanically using [Aged Gold Energy].
After the last stalk of ling grain was scanned by the [Aged Gold Energy], he looked at the organized ling fields. The growth was amazing, the ling grains were all green and plump. A strong feeling of accomplishment rose in his heart.
He wasn’t the only one who knew [Aged gold Energy] but no one would be as crazy as him. To inspect the ling grains one stalk by one, the amount of work was horrifying! They only would use [Aged Gold Energy] whenever they found a sickness in the ling grains.
If there wasn’t that section of ling vein in the seclusion room, Zuo Mo wouldn’t dare to do it.
Ten days of continuous toil. Whether body or mind, Zuo Mo was extremely exhausted.
He only wanted to do one thing now. That was, going back to his room and getting a good sleep.
Just as he prepared to start walking, a pink Little Thousand Crane flew at him straight from far away, stopping right in front of him.
“Whoa!” Zuo Mo felt it seemed familiar. After thinking for a long time, he finally remembered that the wishing Little Thousand Crane he had picked up ten days ago when he was cleaning the yard was also pink.
That wasn’t right. A wishing Little Thousand Crane couldn’t localize. For a Little Thousand Crane to find its target, it needed an imprint to guide it. Last time, the Little Thousand Crane had its owner’s imprint so if ling energy was put in, it would fly to its owner.
This content is taken from lightno/velp/ub[/.]com
But he didn’t leave behind any imprint!
Any kind of imprint would contain ling energy. To avoid the other finding him, when Zuo Mo wrote the words, he didn’t dare to use any ling energy at all.
The first time it flew to him, that was luck. But if it can fly for a second time to him, that couldn’t be explained by luck.
Such a strange event!
Examining the fine Little Thousand Crane floating in front of him, he hesitated. But Zuo Mo still reached out and took it.
Holding the small crane, he went into the seclusion room.
Sitting on the mat, he started to unfold this Little Thousand Crane.
Spreading out the pink paper, there were only two characters, still the same graceful writing of before.
When the two words entered his vision, an unforeseen event occurred!
This content is taken from lightnovelpub[.]com
A kind of icy cold energy surrounded Zuo Mo, the sense of extreme danger made the hair on his entire body straighten! It was like a sharp flying sword was right as his throat. The chill from the blade easily pierced into the skin and quickly spread through his body.
Damn it, he couldn’t move!
On the zombie face was a pair of terrified eyes. Zuo Mo’s entire body was frozen by this cold presence, he couldn’t even more a finger!
The other’s retribution? Punishment? Joke?
He didn’t have time to think about all that. He was like a trapped beast, the only instinct left was to fight! He fought with his life, trying to take back control of his body. He pushed the ling energy inside. No effect. His body wouldn’t move. He froze in his spot.
The icy energy continued to increase. It was like a ruthless beast, mercilessly nearing Zuo Mo, opening its gaping maw. It seemed to be certain that Zuo Mo didn’t have the ability to resist.
Zuo Mo was like a strange candlewax figure. That expressionless face was so still it was funny.
Only the eyes, the pair of eyes full of terror, full of helplessness, full of rage, that conflicted with his thin and weak body and still face!
His efforts were to no avail. That icy energy that terrified him pushed him to desperate straits and he didn’t have any room to retreat.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
The unwillingness and wrath inside his heart suddenly lit up.
Go to hell!
Furiously casting [Aged Gold Energy], all of his ling energy, along with all of his consciousness slammed at the icy presence!
This was his only solution.
His only experience that could be considered a battle was the first time he used [Aged Gold Energy] on the ling grain. He still remembered the brutal energy at the time, the rush it gave his consciousness. But that consciousness made from the merging of thousands of aphids were as weak as an infant compared to this icy energy.
At this time, he was like a madman, raising a sickle and rushing at a fully armored enemy.
[Aged Gold Energy] was like a ball of light gold mist. Once it appeared, it aroused the attack of the icy energy.
Suddenly, Zuo Mo seemed to see countless flying swords, with their bright tails and screaming as they flew at him! The sword strikes were bitingly cold, crisscrossing into a forest that he couldn’t avoid!
The clear pupils transformed into a roaring sea of flames. The edges of the eyes that had widened to the limits cracked, blood running down his face. On the stiff face, it drew out two bright marks.
This content is taken from l/ightnovelpub[.]/com
He didn’t feel it.
The ling energy under his crazy revolutions started to spin out of control. He didn’t stop and continued to speed up his revolutions.
Under full power, the [Aged Gold Energy] seemed to become especially crazy. It didn’t retreat and leapt at that icy energy.
If someone walked into Zuo Mo’s room at this time, they would see a strange sight. A faint gold ball of light twisting furiously as though there was something invisible relentlessly corroding it and its size continued to decrease.
The faint gold cloud turned even more furiously but closely protected Zuo Mo.
The battle became even hotter. The [Aged Gold Energy] faced the icy energy that threw out the sword strikes and didn’t retreat. Like facing the consciousness of the aphid, the [Aged Gold Energy] made this energy as an extremely large consciousness from a gigantic aphid!
Zuo Mo had no attention left for the [Aged Gold Energy] There was only one though in his head – faster, faster!
The revolutions of ling energy was already at a shocking step. He had never tried to make his ling energy revolve so fast. He didn’t dare. But at this time, Zuo Mo, who’s eyes were red from battle, only hated that the ling energy couldn’t move faster. He continued to speed up his revolutions!
Zuo Mo’s head roared as though something had been broken. His consciousness suddenly became dizzy.
Updated from lightnovelpub[/.]com
The ling energy stampeded like wild horses, completely free of control. The [Aged Gold Energy] which originally had been turning and twisting furiously did so even more, like boiling water. The shape of the cloud was extremely unstable. If xiuzhe of higher cultivation saw this scene, they would instantly pale. Loss of control of ling energy, what would follow was the explosion of the body and death!
Suddenly, a warm stream came from Zuo Mo’s heart and entered his channels.
The violent ling energy suddenly became more obedient than anything. The speed of revolution didn’t decrease and increased. The strong shaking of the [Aged Gold Energy] disappeared without a warning and calmed down.
What would amaze others was that icy energy seemed to have detected the strangeness and retreated for the first time.
The peaceful [Aged Gold Energy] ball once again changed. It quickly shrunk towards its core. The cold energy changed along with it.
A faintly gold seven segmented awl shaped liked a pagoda!
A water-blue crescent shaped flying sword with a small bell hanging!
Silently opposite each other. But in the blink of an eye, both started to move.
One awl, one sword, turned to one gold and one blue stream of light and accurately hit together.
This content is taken from l/ightno/velpub[.]com
Ping!
A clear note like breaking glass. A scattered ball of light exploded in the air. It was like a firework, blue and gold mixing, extremely beautiful.
An unknown amount of time later, Zuo Mo dazedly opened his eyes. His entire body hurt, his skin seemed to have cracked. He couldn’t help but groan. This groan made his dizzy mind wake up.
He could move!
That damned energy had disappeared!
He first froze and then a kind of unnameable carefreeness formed. He wanted to laugh but before his mouth could move, the muscles pulled at the wound, and it turned into a screech. Even though he didn’t know what had just happened, but without a doubt, he won!
He was still holding the pink paper in his hand. On it were written two words.
“Bad Person!”
The writing was still graceful and the tone of speech meant the writer wasn’t very grown but Zuo Mo, who was on his last gasps, couldn’t help but feel disgust.
This content is taken from lightnov/el/pub[.]//com
Such a vicious woman! She wanted his life!
The other must have put a spritual attack on the words. To use the words to release such a terrifying attack, it wasn’t someone he could face. Zuo Mo was very clear about that. The head of the sect and the other elders, he didn’t know if they could do it. But among the inner sect disciples, there definitely wasn’t anyone who could reach such power.
That mean, the vicious woman’s power surpassed his sect’s shixiong.
But walking once around death’s door, he wasn’t that scared, not even if the other’s strength surpassed him greatly.
He had heard that some strong xiuzhe was arrogant and indifferent to low-level xiuzhe but had never thought the other would desire to kill because of a word!
Ge was naïve!
Zuo Mo took a deep breath. The wound that was pulled was extremely painful. He struggled up and bared his teeth as he moved to the desk.
It was still the bright and thick cinnabar, still the same weasel bristle brush. Zuo Mo dabbed viciously a few times.
His entire right hand seemed to have been broken into quite a few pieces. Just the pain from a slight movement ached into the bones. He gritted his teeth and moved the brush. A few drops of red cinnabar dripped from the brush and landed on the pink paper, looking like blood.
Updated from lightnovel//p/ub[/.]com
Due to pain, Zuo Mo unconsciously sucked in breathes. His right hand holding the brush, he gravely left four crooked words on the pink paper.
“Ye’ll wait for you!”
Throwing the brush in his hand away, he took a few looks and then gave a strange laugh. His right hand didn’t move according to his wishes so it took an hour before he managed to fold the pink paper into a paper crane.
It was a pity. The writing this time wasn’t as good-looking as last time. Zuo Mo was slightly regretful.
As he jerked in breaths, he put the last bit of ling energy in his body into the paper crane.
Watching as the pink Little Thousand Crane disappeared into the horizon, he cursed the vicious woman countless times inside.
When he finished all this, he couldn’t persevere any longer. Dried up, his eyes became back and like a block of wood, he dropped to the ground and fainted.
[1] 爷(ye): means grandfather. At the same time, it can be a way of referring to oneself in third person, usually in an egotistical manner.



Chapter 8: Changes
We get a look at whose behind the pink paper cranes. Also, Zuo Mo is just the cultivation equivalent of a poor destitute manual laborer, slightly better off because he’s better at growing things. The world of cultivation is a cruel one (No social welfare here.)
Chapter Eight Changes
Thin and pale jade-like hands gently pinched a pink paper.
“Haha, so he did pay. No wonder he’s in such a bad temper. I just wanted to scare you. Who told you to be a smart-aleck and try to resist?”
The oval face was as smooth as resin, azure eyes like a sapphire held a hint of mischief. A high nose, a small red mouth. Silvery white top and shorts made from Silver Moon Wool. It made her look furry and cute. A daringly exposed stomach and legs were full of youth. It was like the most perfect work from a master of ivory. There were no flaws. A bright red string tied up her hair, adding a hint of allure. There were a pair of sky-blue bracelets on her wrist, many bells tied to them. When she moved, it would leave behind a stream of clear bell rings.
“But, really such an interesting person.”
“A person you find interesting, then they must be really interesting.” Behind her came a respectful voice.
A xiuzhe, skin bronze, a sandalwood coronet on his head, looking about forty years old. If anyone saw this person, they would be shocked. The famous Chi Ye zhenren would be so respectful to a little girl.
She already knew that someone had come behind her and wasn’t shocked. She giggled: “Yes, such an interesting person. Cannot be over zhuji middle level in cultivation, but could make it through Xian’er [Heart Demon Curse] at twenty percent power. Very strong.”
“Oh.” Che Ye zhenren’s face changed: “Really full of potential.” He then muttered: “How about taking him into the sect … …”
Updated from lightnovel//pub[.]c//om
Xian’er turned her face towards the window, her eyes deep and distant: “On the road of cultivation, other than innate talent, chance is even more important. Of the disciples in the sect, there’s thousands who have innate talent. Not saying the absolute power, but coming jindan, how many people are there?”
She suddenly stuck out her tongue, naughtily stating: “Rather than that, he should be left to relieve Xian’er’s boredom.”
Chi Ye zhenren chuckled, and with a few hints of indulgement: “Whatever you want! Since you are so interested in him, why don’t we stay a few days longer here?”
Xian’er tilted her head, her blue eyes blinking. She mused and then shook her hand: “The task is important. We’ve stayed here long enough. Haha, Xian’er left an imprint on his body. He can’t escape Xian’er palm!”
Chi Ye zhenren saw Xian’er’s adorable manner and couldn’t help roaring in laughter.
Zuo Mo slowly woke up, his body sore. He couldn’t help but groan.
Thinking about yesterday, it was like he just had a dream. But the wounds on his entire body constantly reminded him that that furious battle wasn’t a dream. Even now, he couldn’t quite believe it, that he defeated that icy energy. He knew there was a length of time when he was dizzy. And it was at that time that he won.
But what happened at that time?
He had no idea.
This content is taken from lig/htnovelpub[/.]com
After searching his mind and thinking for a while, he didn’t have any idea and threw the question aside. As to whether the other will take revenge, Zuo Mo was too lazy to think about it.
Ge is very busy!
He counted it out on his fingers and knew that he had many things to do today. Not just making rain for the medicine fields, he still had to make rain for one of the shixiong. That was a complete one hundred mu of ling fields. The ling herbs in the medicine fields, he didn’t need to care how good their state was. But that one hundred mu that he had to make rain for, that was a contract signed long ago, and he couldn’t get out of it.
Gritting his teeth and climbing up, Zuo Mo felt that his skeleton would fall apart anytime.
At turtle speed, he moved to Cold Mist Valley. Looking at the medicine felts over the valley, he cursed the “adulterous couple” of Hao Min and Luo Li countless times.
Cursing was cursing, but he still had to do it.
Just like normal, he started [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], but the following events made Zuo Mo dumbstruck.
The white mist crazily flowed towards him. In the blink of an eye, it formed into a ball of clouds. Before the dazed Zuo Mo could react, the cloud quickly expanded and in a short amount of time, completely smothered the entire valley.
In the middle of the white could, Zuo Mo dazedly reached out. Stands of cold flew through his hands, it was like a dream.
This content is taken from lightnovelpub[.]com
He suddenly shook and woke up. This definitely wasn’t the third level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]!
His expression became serious.
What had happened? He suddenly had a suspicion that the icy energy yesterday had seemed to changed many things. He calmed his mind, closed his eyes, and spread out his arms in the middle of the cloud.
Very quickly, he detected the peculiarity. The cloud ball made of countless streams of moisture was exceptionally lively. They were like a crowd of little creatures that had been woken up.
The cloud this time had an additional and special energy. It was like the green grass that just sprouted, but also like sunlight. Zuo Mo found it difficult to describe. He liked this energy very much because it was very comfortable.
He couldn’t help but cheer up.
He had planted ling grain for two years. Even though he didn’t know what this lively energy was, but it definitely would be helpful for the growth of the ling grains.
His mind moved and the cloud started to rain. Among the rain drops that were like silver threads, the lively energy contained was even thicker than the moisture in the cloud.
He didn’t know if it was just his delusion but he saw some of the leaves of ling herbs spread out as though they were very happy.
The most up-to-date novels are published on /lightno/velp/ub[.]com
Delusion?
Everything that happened yesterday seemed like a dream. What was happening today was even more like a dream.
Was this the fourth level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]? He wasn’t sure. The jade stick he had brought about [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] only described the third level. It had many parts that he had never thought about. He admired the disciples of the larger sects. No matter what spell, after it reached a certain level, it required self-comprehension. But if they could learn from the experiences of those people before them, it would greatly decrease the side roads that they had to take.
He had no one to ask. Not just the head and all the elders, but even the inner sect shixiong, it wasn’t easy to ask them to help. And he was very suspicious that there weren’t any shixiong in the inner sect that would put energy and time on the kind of low-level, non-combat art like [Little Art of Cloud and Rain].
Wu Kong Sword Sect was a sect that cultivated the sword. It was primarily made of sword xiu. If it wasn’t that they needed ling grains, they wouldn’t accept outer sect disciples like him. In all the xiuzhe, sword xiu were renowned for their attack power. They only cultivated sword scriptures. What they paid attention to was one sword defeats everything.
The five elements naturally made up their own system. It was heard to learn them well. Most of the people who cultivated it were roaming xiu. So among the roaming xiu, there were the most ling plant farmers.
After making rain, he went to the shixiong who he agreed early on to make rain.
After making two rainstorms, Zuo Mo, who was seriously injured, wavered, frightening that shixiong to rush him back to rest.
After finishing all he needed for the day, Zuo Mo, tired in mind and body, still persisted in mediation after returning to the yard. The bitter experience yesterday made him deeply understand a reality. In the eyes of the strong xiuzhe, low level xiuzhe were like grass.
Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for a better experience
He didn’t know if it was that his body needed recovery but the time in mediation was two times what it usually was.
His body was like a starving animal, furiously sucking up the ling energy in the surroundings. The little section of ling vein under the mat played a crucial role, continuously providing ling energy. The ling energy that Zuo Mo absorbed wasn’t stored in his channels like usual but permeated everywhere into his body.
It had to be said here that Zuo Mo’s innate talents were very exceptional. [Ten Principle Scripture] wasn’t a high-level scripture. But he deeply knew the importance of “calm and right” so the effect of his cultivation was pretty good.
After revolving six circuits, Zuo Mo achieved the record of the most circuits in one sitting from when he started.
When he came out of mediation, he found in amazement the wounds on his body had recovered greatly.
He inspected his cultivation. It did increase but not too greatly. It still steadily stayed at the eighth level of lianqi. For some reason, he wasn’t disappointed but took a sigh of relieve. If something was strange, then it would be considered the devil at work. There were too many strange things these two days. It seriously taxed his psychological state.
Thinking about yesterday, his mind moved and he released [Art of Aged Gold].
And then, it was the devil.
The aged gold energy happily revolved around his finger, like a golden sand twister, flashing in front of his eyes. The faint gold of the energy was now a true gold, carrying the special lustre that belonged to the metal gold. The gold light flashed entrancingly.
Visit lightn/o/velpub[.]com for a better experience
Numerous information poured into his head. He had never thought of it. It was information he had never met. But as the aged gold energy turned around his fingers, the information completed itself in his mind.
[Art of Aged Gold] was truly a kind of offensive art.
If Zuo Mo only hypothesized it before, he was extremely certain now.
The specialty of [Art of Aged Gold] revealed itself at the second level. Through the jade stick, he was certain that he achieved the second level of [Art of Aged Gold].
In one night, [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] went to the fourth level, [Art of Aged Gold] increased to the second level and made him, a daring person, feel his heart beat frantically. He felt it wasn’t steady.
The increase in power seemed to be an illusion but the high it came with was real. However, he didn’t hope for it to happen again. Even if he was very stubborn and left behind the words yesterday.
Safety first!
After his body recovered, his life quickly recovered. The evil pink Little Thousand Crane didn’t appear again. Zuo Mo was very comforted.
On the table, there were all types of material, the dark red of the flame metal, an ingot of bronze, about seven foot of pine wood… …
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
This was the complete set of materials he had brought from Fei Yun to forge [Ling Exciting Hoe].
Forging was one of the major categories that every xuizhe had to learn. Everyone would know a little bit. It was the class that was most welcomed by the outer sect disciples. For outer sect disciples, a xiuzhe that was good at forging could easily find a steady job.
But for inner sect disciples, especially sword sects, there were only a few that were good at forging.
Sword xiu habitually used their sword to conquer the world, to use the sword to receive what they wanted, or needed.
Like his sect. There was only the line of Master Xin Yan who was talented in forging. Xu Yi shixiong was Xin Yan’s best disciple. But for Master Xin Yan among his generation, or Xu Yi shixiong in the second generation, their status wasn’t very high.
But that didn’t have anything to do with Zuo Mo.
At this time, he was excited. The first forging of his life was going to begin.



Chapter 9: Forging
I got sick of the ling exciting hoe by the end of this chapter. Also, Zuo Mo really doesn’t have a good temper.
Chapter Nine Forging
Xu Yi shixiong had gone to great detail. The Ling Exciting Hoe was the simplest of all talismans. Calling it a talisman was a bit of an overestimation. It couldn’t even enter the first-grade. But for Zuo Mo who had no experience in forging, there were still endless problems.
For example, the copper ingot had to be beaten into a hoe shape. This was a great test of Zuo Mo’s abilities. Thankfully, the copper was soft and after repeated banging for four hours, he managed to form a hoe blade.
After that was carving formations on the copper hoes. The formation for the Ling Exciting Hoe was very simple. The [Thunder] of the eight basic formations. For any xuizhe, it wouldn’t be unfamiliar. He wasn’t unfamiliar with the formation, but there were concerns about how to carve it.
Zuo Mo held a carving knife in his right hand as he cautiously carved out [Thunder]. He had never used a carving knife before and frequently made mistakes. Once a mistake was made, it required erasing everything and starting from the beginning.
After redoing it seven or eight times, Zuo Mo finally managed to finish carving the formation.
Looking at the formations carved on the surface of the copper hoe, Zuo Mo’s heart was filled with a sense of achievement. His cultivation was too low right now so he could only use a carving knife, the most basic tool. If his cultivation was higher, and he could use his heart fire to forge, shaping would occur according to his thoughts. Similarly, due to his low cultivation, the simplest formation filled the entire hoe. If he had higher cultivation, he could manipulate a flying sword and carve layers of jinzhi, destroy the heavens and become omnipotent!
But for Zuo Mo, right now was his limit.
Face full of pain, he took out a second-grade jinshi and inlaid it in the center of the formation.
Updated from /light/novelpub[.]com
The copper hoe suddenly lit up, a light like a wave rippling through the body of the hoe. The scarred hoe suddenly became as smooth as in the beginning. By now, Zuo Mo finally took a breath of relieve. This Ling Exciting Hoe was half completed. At this step, it was still successful.
The copper hoe was too soft and easily changed shape, destroying the structure of the formation. So right after would be using fire metal ore to reinforce the structure and increase hardness. Holding the crimson fire metal ore on his hand, he could clearly feel the warmth that spread out from it.
Putting the fire metal ore on the copper hoe, Zuo Mo thought back to the forging methods that Xu Yi shixiong had taught. The crux of this step was to turn the fire metal ore to liquid to dissolve in the copper hoe. If there was heart fire, it would be extremely easy to finish this step, but for Zuo Mo, he had to borrow a few special spells.
The ling energy in Zuo Mo’s body revolved, his hands moving like flowers blooming. The ling energy changed as it followed the path of his fingers, his hands enveloped in a layer of red light.
“Go!”
The two hands flipped and the red light left, hitting the copper hoe and the fire metal ore.
The fire metal ore became entirely red, the crimson liquid metal pouring onto the copper hoe. The copper hoe was like a sponge. When the liquid metal touched it, it was absorbed, not a drop left. The color of the copper hoe quietly changed, a few hints of dark red among the copper hoe.
He took up the hoe blade. The hoe was heavier than before. He reached with a finger to gently tap. The sound was clear. He could clearly feel the quality had moved up a few levels and was exceptionally strong.
Taking the prepared pine wood stick and sticking it into the hoe, this Ling Exciting Hoe was complete.
This content is taken from lightnovelpub[.]com
Joyfully, Zuo Mo immediately rushed into the ling fields in the yard to try out the power of this Ling Exciting Hoe.
After digging down, the hoe shuddered slightly. From the head came a strong feeling of vibration. Zuo Mo bent down to inspect the field, a happy expression on his face.
The Ling Exciting Hoe was definitely an essential talisman for farming!
The ling energy where the hoe had just been was clearly different from the surroundings. The ling energy in the surroundings were unequally distributed, in tangles or blocks. And on the piece of dirt he had just hoed, the ling energy had all been broken up and scattered equally around. Like this kind of free ling energy, the ling grains found it easiest to absorb!
Good thing!
Zuo Mo instantly became motivated and the hoe flew. In one session, he hoed all of the five mu of ling fields in the yard!
He held the Ling Exciting Hoe, breathing like a bull, his face pale. Because he had been too excited, he forgot that the weight of this Ling Exciting Hoe wasn’t light. With his little body, it took a lot of strength.
But even half-dead, he still couldn’t disguise the glee in his heart. To successfully make a talisman on the first try, it was hard to describe the kind of exhilaration.
Five mu of ling fields. He used [Art of Aged Gold] to kill pests, used the fourth level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] to water, and used Ling Exciting Hoe to loosen the soil. In this entire sect, no one had taken so much care with the ling grains. He was very curious how much the harvest of these five mu of ling fields would increase this year.
The most up-to-date novels are published on /l/i/ghtnovelpub[.]com
With his cultivation of lianqi eighth level, he was at ease controlling the ling energy. If the production of these five mu increased a lot, he could use this fine and attentive methods to raise the fifty mu of ling fields that he had rented from the sect. Then he would jump to become the wealthiest among all the outer sect disciples!
This made his heart beat. Nothing was more real than ling grains and jingshi!
Successing at forging on his first try, it gave Zuo Mo great encouragement. The unluckiness of the past while seemed to sweep away. He started to familiarize himself with the other three arts, especially [Art of Flora]. The uses of the three arts were completely different. [Art of Crimson Flame] was used to activate seeds, to speed up germination. Other than that, it concentrated the essence of the sun and was most suitable for yang- type[1] ling plants. [Art of Earth Energy] could concentrate the energy of the earth and was especially suitable for the growth of some yin-type[2] ling plants.
And [Art of Flora] and [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] were similar, not yin or yang. But [Art of Flora] was more dominating than [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]. It extracted the essence of plants to nourish the growth of the ling grains. The basic quality of [Art of Flora] was robbery. Robbing the essence of other plants to nourish itself.
He had to be extremely careful when using it. Even though Wu Kong Mountain was covered in trees, but if he wasn’t careful, it was easy for one of the old trees to wither.
Everytime he used [Art of Flora], Zuo Mo was alert and cautious, afraid of ruining the ancient trees in the mountains. It wasn’t easy for ancient trees to grow and live. They all had endured for thousands of years before they could become their present shape. There wasn’t an explicit rule in the sect, but if he caused large sections of ancient trees to die, then waiting for him wasn’t anything good.
The sunlight came into the woods through the trees, forming a scattering of light and shade. The climate of Wu Kong Mountain was beautiful, dry and delightful. Cold winds blew through the trees without any hint of humidity. The surroundings were all quiet. This place was very out of the way. Except for Zuo Mo, no one else would come.
Zuo Mo calmed down and started to revolve his ling energy, his hands moving rapidly. It was the still unfamiliar [Art of Flora].
After the stiffness at the beginning, the movements of his hands quickly became smooth. The fingers flickering like a flower continuously blooming. Each time he flickered out, there was a faint wave of ling energy in the air that rippled out.
The source of this content is lig/htn/ovelpub[.]com
Following the ling energy ripples, thin threads of green light flew out of the trees and converged at Zuo Mo’s hands.
In a short while, the green light became even brighter. Zuo Mo stopped the spell. A green bead rolled into his palm. This was the bead that was concentrated from the essence of the plants. He put the bead away and inspected the ancient trees around him. The glow of the leaves were much dimmer and some leaves showed signs of withering.
Zuo Mo took out a jade stick from his bosom. Recorded in the jade stick was the general geography of Wu Kong Mountain. It had taken him a lot of time to make it.
Finding the present position in the Wu Kong Mountain of the jade stick, he made a mark. Next time, he had to change places. This place needed a length of time to recover.
Even Zuo Mo was shocked at the dominance of [Art of Flora]. This was only the first level and it easily stole the vitality of the trees. If it reached any higher levels, what would it look like?
Carefully putting the plant essence bead into his bosom, he prepared to leave.
Within six hours, this plant essence bead needed to be, using the special methods of [Art of Flora], released in the ling grains. Otherwise, it would dissolve.
Coming out of the wood, he followed the mountain trail, heading for his own yard.
Suddenly, he heard the sound of a woman crying.
The source of this content is li/ghtnovelpub[./]com
Woman?
He didn’t stop but as he walked forward, the sobbing became even clearer.
Most of the female disciples in the sect were at the animal raising rooms and responsible for raising ling beasts. Zuo Mo hadn’t had many interactions with them. He didn’t want to cause trouble and prepared to make a detour.
Suddenly, he heard as the female disciple sob, she muttered: “Woo, wooo, mama … …”
Zuo Mo’s steps stopped. A certain soft place in his heart was viciously jabbed.
Mama… …
That strange familiarity rose again in his heart.
Damn it! He cursed inside. He disliked this feeling. Each time this feeling of strange familiarity appeared, it was like his heart was blocked, unspeakably uncomfortable. Cursing was cursing, but the thoughts in his head uncontrollably turned.
Who am I? Where is my home? Who’s my mama… …
For more, visit l/ightnovel//pu/b[.]com
He was slighted irritated but his feet unconsciously walked towards the crying.
When he went forward a few steps, he saw behind a piece of rock, there curled a female disciple. The apple-shaped face was full of tears, extremely pitiful. She was curled into a ball like a cat, her shoulders occasionally jerking.
“Why are you crying? It’s so bothersome!” Zuo Mo scolded ill-temperedly, sitting down on his butt.
The other was liked a frightened cat, shrinking back. When she saw the outer sect uniform on Zuo Mo’s body, the fear in her eyes retreated. In a weeping tone, she timidly said: “Sorry, shixiong… …”
Hearing the other’s timid voice, Zuo Mo was even more irritated: “Screw sorry. You crying is none of my business. It’s so irritating.” He noticed that his own attitude was overly vile and tried to suppress the vexation inside, and asked impatiently: “Say it, what is it?”
“Nothing … …” The other’s voice was like a mosquito.
The fire in Zuo Mo’s heart rose. He raised his volume and interrupted impatiently: “I told you to say it!”
The little girl was clearly frightened by him. This wooden-faced shixiong was so scary! Her crying instantly subsided and she instinctively answered: “There isn’t enough of the Green Sword Grass for A Bao and the others to eat.”
“Whose A Bao?” Zuo Mo glanced at her and asked.
The source of this content is lightnovelpub[.]com
“A Bao… … A Bao is A Bao. He needs to eat green sword grass everyday. Hoo, hoo, there isn’t enough green sword grass… …” As she narrated, she started to cry again.
“Shut up!” Zuo Mo’s furious shout definitely wasn’t friendly. The young girl jumped, her body instinctively shrinking back, a fearful expression on her face. Her sobs instantly stopped.
Looking at this muddle-headed little girl, Zuo Mo rubbed his forehead in pain. Even though he hadn’t been in the stables, but at least he knew the basic protocols. The amount of ling grass the ling animals needed to eat wouldn’t vary too greatly. The sect had special ling fields set aside for growing ling grasses.
Compared to raising ling grains, ling grasses were much easier. So it was taken care off by the female disciple who took care of the animals.
Did something happen to the ling grasses?
“What happened? Be more detailed.”
[1] 阳: masculine, positive
[2] 阴: feminine, negative, shady



Chapter 10: Weeds
Chapter Ten Weeds
To this strange shixiong that had appeared out of nowhere, this little girl clearly was a bit afraid and narrated faithfully: “There’s a strange grass growing in the ling fields. Xiao Guo tried really really hard but it still grew and grew so fast. The green sword grass is so pitiful, it grew slower and slower … …”
Seeing the lower and lower tone of the little girl and the increasingly askew mouth, Zuo Mo interrupted in the nick of time: “Stop!”
The little girl was shocked again. She raised her head with her misty large eyes as she stared in puzzlement at Zuo Mo.
Zuo Mo stood and patted the dirt off his behind: “Let’s go.”
The little girl’s face was full of question marks. After a while, she timidly asked: “Where?”
The timid expression on the other’s face always made Zuo Mo mad. The mood that had just calmed instantly became agitated again. He said extremely impatiently: “Shuddap! Go where I tell you!”
Have to be collected, have to be collected. It was too meaningless to argue with a little girl. Zuo Mo told himself.
He softened his voice, trying to make himself look calm: “Let’s go look at you ling fields.”
Wu Kong Sword Sect might be a small sect but even a small sparrow had all of its organs. The zoo were at the Eastern Peak of Wu Kong Mountain. Most of the outer sect female disciples lived here.
Updated from lightnovel/pub[./]com
This was the first time Zuo Mo stepped onto the Eastern Peak. The scenery as he passed made him awed. Compared to the levelness of the Western Peak, the Eastern Peak was steeper, the view better. Adding on that most female disciples lived here, the mountain paths were filled with flowers and grasses. Walking in the middle, it relaxed his mind.
The Western Peak and Eastern Peak were very distant from each other. It was extremely rare for male outer sect disciples to come.
In the woods, a small white house came into view. The little girl’s composure settled and she timidly looked at Zuo Mo, pointing at the house, informing: “Shixiong, that’s Xiao Guo’s house.”
Zuo Mo was too lazy to speak and headed straight for the small house.
When he walked in he found that there was a patch of grass beside the little cottage. And there was a golden-horned ox whose body appeared to be made from metal lazily soaking in the sun.
“A Bao A Bao!” When Xiao Guo saw the copper ox, she happily yelled and ran over without a care.
A Bao… …
Zuo Mo looked at the body of the copper ox that was filled with strength and though of the adorable name and became speechless.
And then he saw the copper ox intimately use the head to gently bump at Xiao Guo and occasionally reach out to lick Xiao Guo’s hand with the tongue.
Visit lightnov//el/pub[./]com for a better experience
That large tongue covered in saliva made Zuo Mo disgusted.
“Where’s the ling field?” He had to interrupt. Otherwise he was suspicious that this person and ox would just keep playing.
In the ling field, Zuo Mo carefully examined the plant in front of his eyes.
This was a grass that he had never seen before. Just this one thing was enough for him to become serious. One had to know, he had grown ling grain for two years. All the grasses that showed up normally in the ling fields, he was very familiar with. But he was certain he had never seen this grass before.
After he inspected the ling fields, his heart became even heavier.
“When was it when you started to find them?”
“About three months ago. Xiao Guo would weed everyday, but they grow more and more … …” Xiao Guo’s mouth twisted and the tears looked like they were going to brim over.
Zuo Mo expressionlessly looked at her.
Xiao Guo cowered back a step, her crying instantly disappearing. This shixiong was too scary!
Visit lightnovel/pub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
Zuo Mo took back his gaze. He was shocked inside. The reproductive ability of this weed was very strong.
“What about the others?”
“Many of the elder sister’s ling fields are like this. The sisters couldn’t find any solutions.” She suddenly muttered: “Shixiong, could you help the sisters?”
Zuo Mo was too lazy to respond to her and start to ponder how to deal with this kind of weed. Farming meant confronting many questions. Getting rid of weeds was one of the most frequent questions. If a furiously growing weed appeared in the ling fields, the question would become extremely serious.
Just simply weeding clearly couldn’t solve the problem. At this time in the ling fields, it was the weeds that were flourishing, and the green sword grass rare.
Zuo Mo’s gaze suddenly landed on the part of the weed near the ground. At that part, there were a ring of tumor-like growth. His heart moved and he inspected some other stalks of weed. He found that they too had bumps in the same places.
When he saw that, he had a general understanding. The little girl didn’t understand. Weeding was just cutting down the part of the plant above the ground but the specialty of this kind of weed was that once it was wounded, it would grow even faster. If at the very beginning, proper procedures were taken such as uprooting it completely, noting like the present situation would have happened.
But the problem was very serious now. It was patches and patches of weed. They definitely would have left many seeds in the soil. That was the most troublesome part. If the seeds couldn’t be completely cleaned, then the trouble would continue.
It really had strong vitality! Zuo Mo couldn’t help but praise it inside.
Follow current novels on lightn//ovel/pub[.]com
Li Ying Feng’s elegant brows furrowed. Her eyes were sharp and there wasn’t any of the nimbleness usually present on her face which was full of worry. She didn’t wear the long dress and gauze clothing that normal female disciples like to wear but a set of tight short-sleeved men battle robes. There was no allure but an unnameable handsomeness!
“Shijie, we can’t continue like this!” A yellow-clad female disciple beside her couldn’t help saying: “Based on this situation, after two months, we can’t replenish the green sword grass.”
A crowd of female disciples circled around her and started to chatter and discuss.
“Stop quarrelling!” Li Ying Feng’s brows rose and she lectured icily.
She had the highest cultivation among the female outer sect disciples. Normally, she was widely accepted by everyone. After the shout, the sound instantly stopped.
LI Ying Feng’s heart was also full of worry. The weeds were increasingly fast. The living space of the ling grasses was increasingly smaller. If the ling grasses couldn’t be supplied, these ling animals wouldn’t have anything to eat. And the sect’s punishment wouldn’t be lacking.
Her cultivation was at the ninth level of lianqi, one step away from zhuji. Supposedly the elders of the sect had already started to pay attention to her. Once she succeeded at zhuji, she would be taken as an inner sect disciple. That was certain.
For such a big slip-up to occur at such a crucial time, she didn’t have the appetite or desire for sleep these days.
“Shijie, shijie.” A female disciple panted as she ran over: “Xiao Guo came to Eastern Peak with a male disciple. Xiao Guo seemed to have cried.”
The most up-to-date novels are published on l/ightno/velpub[.]com
Instantly, they exploded.
“He dared to bully Xiao Guo!”
“Humph. I want to see who dares to do so. Sisters, we can’t let him off!”
“Right!”
“Definitely!”
……
Li Ying Feng was slightly angry. Xiao Guo deeply received their care and affection. Usually, everyone treated her as a little sister. Hearing a man had made Xiao Guo cry, she, of the style of bold and domineering, unhesitatingly started first for Xiao Guo’s residence.
Seeing the situation, the others quickly followed.
When Zuo Mo was searching for a way to solve the matter of the weeds with their tenacious vitality, Li Yin Feng, leading a crowd of female disciples, marched over.
Follow current novels on lightnove/l/pub[.]com
When Li Ying Feng, who had only half-believed it, saw the tear marks of Xiao Guo’s face, the anger inside rose up.
A quick dash and she rushed in front of Zuo Mo.
“Who are you?” Li Ying Feng asked frigidly.
And then she saw the other expressionlessly answer: “Zuo Mo.”
The ice on Li Ying Feng’s face became even heavier. Among the outer sect disciples, she was the eldest shijie. In front of her, everyone else was shidi and shimei. She had never seen someone so discourteous. Immediately, without another word, she pointed with her fingers at Zuo Mo.
Xiao Guo’s face instantly became bloodless. Before she could speak, she heard a ripping sound.
An extremely thin green sword energy shot at Zuo Mo,
Zuo Mo’s pupils suddenly shrunk. Before he could think, he quickly raised his right hand and at the same time, he retreated abruptly.
A gold sword energy flashed.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
Li Ying Feng saw the gold colored sword energy and her expression couldn’t help changing.
The two sword energies met in the air.
Ding!
A blinding light made everyone unconsciously want to close their eyes, green and gold light scattering everyone.
The two faced each other.
Zuo Mo stared fixedly at the other with wide eyes, the anger unable to be controlled and rose up. Being attacked by someone out of the blue. And such a dangerous attack! If at that moment he hadn’t avoided it, there definitely would be a hole in his body.
The shock that Li Ying Feng received was much stronger than Zuo Mo. She was the most accomplished outer sect disciple of Wu Kong Sword Sect. This [Wood Spirit Sword Art]. Other than her, no one could accept it. It was only when her gaze landed on the ring on Zuo Mo’s right hand that she understood.
A term jumped into her head – talisman!
This didn’t make her underestimate the other. Things like Ling Exciting Hoe, it could only be considered as a tool. Even the lowest grade talisman was a great cost for an outer sect disciple. But this only expressed that he had some wealth.
Visit lightnovelpub[.]c/om for a better experience
What really shocked her was the other’s reaction. The speed of reaction was directly linked to the level of cultivation. Even the best talismans needed cultivation as the foundation. The speed of the other’s reaction was outside her expectations.
This unfamiliar shidi’s cultivation definitely wasn’t lower than lianqi eighth level!
A cultivation of lianqi eighth level, it could enter the top three of the outer sect disciples. According to what she knew, outer sect disciples that were above the eighth level of lianqi, other than her, there was only Wei Sheng who was the present sword servant of Luo Li shixiong. This unfamiliar male she didn’t have any memory of. That meant that he achieved lianqi eighth level not long ago.
In Wu Kong Sword Sect, achieving eighth level of lianqi definitely wasn’t a minor event. But she hadn’t heard anything. Then there was only one possibility. That was, this expressionless male in front of her had concealed this event!
As to why the other would conceal a matter that would elevate him dramatically, she couldn’t guess.
This person was very shrewd!
Looking at the expressionless Zuo Mo, she was slightly regretful of her previous action.
“Shijie, shijie! Why did you act against shixiong?” Xiao Guo suddenly rushed between the two, her face pale and frantic.
Li Ying Feng instantly realized something wasn’t right. She couldn’t help ask: “Xiao Guo, didn’t he bully you?”
New novel chapters are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
“Bully?” Xiao Guo paused and then shook her head: “He didn’t! Shixiong is helping Xiao Guo look at the ling fields. Shijie, shixiong might look scary but he’s a very good person……”
When Zuo Mo heard this, he generally understood what had gone on and couldn’t gasp at his bad luck. Calming down, he admired the strength of the woman in front of him.
Suddenly remembering the rumors he heard normally, he couldn’t help ask: “Is it Li Ying Feng shijie?”
“I am Li Ying Feng!” Li Ying FEng answered, her expression apologetic as she bowed: “Just now, it was me that was rash and almost made a big mistake. I’m apologizing to shidi for it here!”
The other’s generous and sincere attitude aroused good feelings in Zuo Mo who hurriedly responded: “Just a misunderstanding, shijie doesn’t have to take it seriously!”
Li Ying Feng didn’t pretend and asked solemnly: “Has shidi found something?”



Chapter 11: The Money Grubbing Zombie
The lack of social welfare programs in this world really screwed Zuo Mo over. Really, it isn’t his fault how he turned out (sort of……)
Chapter Eleven The Money Grubbing Zombie
Before the two dealt blows, if Li Ying Feng still had suspicions, then now her suspicions greatly lessened. No matter what, with a cultivation of lianqi eighth level, it was at the top of the outer sect disciples. And this shidi should be like the other shidi and chosen to grow ling grains.
Zuo Mo nodded: “The vitality of this kind of weed is extremely high. If I’m not wrong, it isn’t good to cut it. The wounds would provoke it to grow more. That is to say, chopping makes it grow faster.”
The female disciples started to chitter and chatter as they discussed.
Li Ying Feng suddenly understood: “So that’s why! No wonder it grew more and more vigorously. If it was uprooted, would that solve it?”
Zuo Mo mused: “If that was done at the beginning, there wouldn’t have been any problems. But right now, there probably are many seeds in the soil. It isn’t easy to uproot it.”
“Does shidi have any good suggestions?”
“I need to go back and think.” Zuo Mo said.
Li Ying Feng took out a small pouch and handed it to Zuo Mo.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpu/b/[.]c//om
Zuo Mo received it with puzzlement. When he opened it for a look, he was dumbstruck. There were five pieces of second-grade jingshi inside the bag.
“Having offended shidi today, I really am regretful. These pieces of jingshi are to help for shidi’s shock. Shidi, don’t blame it for being just this much.” Li Ying Feng said as she stared at Zuo Mo.
Zuo Mo was wildly happy inside but his mouth went: “Shijie is really too polite.” The motion of the hand shoving the bag into his bosom, however, was extremely natural.
Xiao Guo jerked her mouth, staring in shock at Zuo Mo. The other female disciples had looks of disdain – this guy was too greedy!
A rock landed in Li Ying Feng’s heart. She dind’t want to end up at odds with such a shidi of great potential due to today’s misunderstanding. Five pieces of second-grade jingshi wasn’t a small sum, but to her whose family was wealthy, it wasn’t too much. To use such a price to solve a misunderstanding, from her perspective, it was a great bargain.
“Shijie, don’t worry too much. The matter of the weed can be put on shidi.” It might have been the reason of the five pieces of jingshi but the female disciples all felt that this horrid zombie male in front of them instantly had a fighting spirit.
Li Ying Feng raised her hands together, smiling and accepting: “Then I’ll trouble shidi.”
She didn’t have high hopes inside. If Zuo Mo really had a solution, he wouldn’t say something like going back to think.
Zuo Mo had never expected that he would pay attention to a minor matter today and receive five pieces of second-grade jingshi for free. On one hand, he was moved at how good Li Ying Feng was at relationship. On the other, he was moved at the extravagance of her spending. Most of the jingshi on his hands had been spend. He didn’t have many left. Just as his funds were becoming tight, wealth came flying. The unexpected surprise had him floating on air.
This content is taken from //lightnovel/pub[.]com
As to the disdainful stares of the female disciples, he disregarded it as air.
Humming a small tune carrying a few stalks of weeds, he cheerfully left the Eastern Peak.
“This guy’s skin is so thick. My eyes are sore from glaring but he didn’t even turn red!”
“Look at his move when he took shijie’s pouch, the vulgarity!”
“Really makes one disgusted… …”
……
Xiao Guo pouted and muttered: “Shixiong is a very good person……” As she spoke, she felt that it wasn’t reliable either and her voice became lower, instantly drowning in the ruckus of discussion.
“Alright!” Li Ying Feng frowned and hollered. The surrounding voices instantly stopped.
She looked at the thin figure that disappeared on the mountain path who she didn’t know what he was thinking. She didn’t reveal Zuo Mo’s real cultivation to these gossiping women. If the other purposefully concealed it, and she spilled it, she would make a strong enemy. That wasn’t very intelligent.
Visit ligh/tnove/lpub[.]c/om for a better experience
Zuo Mo hurried back to the small yard. After a long time, the plant essence bead would lose effectiveness.
Solemnly standing in the ling fields in the yard, a green bead floated in front of him, adorably rolling. The two hands held together in front, the ten fingers rapidly moving. The ling energy ripples once again spreading out in the air.
The plant essence bead gradually dissolved, forming a pulled of green water. As Zuo Mo’s ten fingers flowed and moved quickly, and as the speed increased, the tips of his fingers started to glow. Each time he quickly stroked, a glowing stroke would add onto a profound and cryptic design. The green water became thousands of green strands that waved in the air.
“Go!” Zuo Mo gently ordered.
The green hairs dissolved into the ling fields like a nymph spreading flowers.
Zuo Mo released a breath and let go of the ling energy at his fingertips.
Based on the difficulty of the art, [Art of Flora] was the most difficult among the five kinds of arts. Not just that the finger motions were extremely complicated, the movements of the ling energy had to be much more accurate than the other four arts.
To practice finger motions, he left out four hours each day. It was extremely dull to only practise finger motions. Other than not making a mistake, flow and rhythm were the most important.
His skeleton-like fingers had practised to the point they would break, to the point that he wanted to throw up.
For more, visit lightnov/elpu//b[.]com
However, he still persisted. The first level of [Art of Flora] wasn’t difficult for him. As to the second level, he had no hopes in the near future.
Cultivating the scripture, practicing the finger motions, caring for the ling and medicine fields. His life was extremely full. And now he had to add on examining how to get rid of weeds.
Li Ying Feng didn’t have any hopes but Zuo Mo didn’t just only say it. He decided to find the solution to the problem.
It really was a troublesome problem. In the beginning, he had concerned himself with another’s business, it was because he was moved by Xiao Guo’s helpless “mama”. The change came with Li Ying Feng’s five pieces of second-grade jingshi.
Zuo Mo had lots of faults but there was one good quality, that was, if he decided on something, he would put his all in. As to whether it was because of that “mama” or the five pieces of second-grade jingshi from Li Ying Feng, that wasn’t important, was what he thought.
In reality, he only had just two years of experience in growing crops. His knowledge of ling grasses and grains were pitiful.
He knew it wasn’t easy but he wasn’t afraid.
At the Eastern Peak, Li Ying Feng was listening to a female disciple narrate.
“We went to check at Dong Fu. The price of the ling grasses have been continually rose recently. Like green sword grass. A while ago, it was five pieces of first-grade jingshi a picul, now it’s risen to eight pieces. The prices of the other ling grasses grew even more. They are saying that the conflict at Bloody Sky Metropolis Jie has escalated so the prices are increasing everywhere.”
Updated from lig/ht/novelpub[.]/com
When the female disciple was saying this, she was on the verge of tears. The other female disciples’ faces were also bleak.
Li Ying Feng’s heart stuttered. On her face, she pretended to be calm. Eight first-grade jingshi for a picul. The amount of ling grass that the stables needed everyday was astonishing. Even if her family was wealthy, she couldn’t endure such squandering.
These few days, she tried to uproot these weeds but the growth of the ling grasses didn’t seem to recover at all and were still withered. In the ling fields, the weeds appeared again with astounding speed. If the situation continued, they would quickly face a situation where they had no supply of ling grass.
“Shijie, the money-grubber from last time came again!” A female disciple said, full of disdain.
“He still has the face to come?”
“You forgot, when did he have something like face?”
“That’s so true!”
……
Xiao Guo pouted, her adorable apple face wrinkling into a ball as she stared in discontent at the shijie.
Visit light/novelpub[.]com for a better experience
Li Ying Feng’s eyes lit up instead and she almost rushed away. Her experience surpassed all the other shimei greatly. If Zuo Mo didn’t have any news, it was normal. But coming to the Eastern Peak, it made Li Ying Feng think about the words that Zuo Mo had said before he left.
Was it……
When Li Ying Feng saw Zuo Mo, she was shocked.
Zuo Mo’s hair was a mess, his eyes filled with blood, his sockets deep in his face. A strange odor came from his body. He seemed like a beggar.
Other than Li Ying Feng and Xiao Guo, the other female disciples had a face full of disdain as they stood far away.
“I found a solution.” Zuo Mo’s simple words let Li Ying Feng and Xiao Guo enter into rapture.
Disregarding the disdainful and suspicious gazes of the other female disciples, Zuo Mo headed straight into the ling fields.
He didn’t waste any words. Reaching out with a pair of skeleton-like hands, he rapidly started a spell.
Li Ying Feng stared with large eyes, afraid to miss anything. The familiarity of Zuo Mo’s finger movements and the ease with which he controlled the ling energy made her even more certain this shidi hid away deeply.
Follow current novels on l/ightnovelpub[.]com
The glowing fingertips drew an unnamed formation diagram.
“Go!”
A dry voice, harsh and dissonant.
The glowing formation entered the ling field soundlessly.
“That’s all? But nothing changed!” A female disciple shrieked.
That was like a fuse. Instantly, the other female disciples that disliked Zuo Mo found a target.
“Che, just drawing a few characters and want to fool us? Too naïve!”
“Please, be more professional when conning people!”
…….
For more, visit lightnovelpub/[.]com
“All of you shut up!” Li Ying Feng roared angrily. All the voices choked off. They found that at some unknown time, shijie’s expression had become peerlessly ugly. Her face was icy. They instantly sank into cold terror.
“This kind of weed is yang-type. I researched it. Most of the ling grasses you plant belong to yin. You could use [Art of Earth Energy] to concentrate the yin of the earth energy. It would nourish the ling grasses and can suppress the weeds. Half the work, twice the effect.”
Finishing, Zuo Mo raised his hands towards Li Ying Feng and then left.
Returning to the yard, Zuo Mo dropped into slumber.
Thinking that he had finished what he had wanted to do, he was content. After not sleeping or resting for these days, he already ran out of energy.
When he woke up, it was the next day. The morning sunlight made his mood light. He idly ate a few things and just like normal, he started his classes for the day.
The training of his finger motions were one of his prioritized studies at present. Before this, he rarely had practiced finger movements. The finger movements of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] had been very simple.
But of it, he had suffered greatly at the [Art of Flora]’s complicated finger motions. Up until now even though he persisted in practicing everyday, he could only just manage to complete the spell. It was far from familiarity. He didn’t dare to relax on the practice of [Art of Aged Gold]. He had just gotten to the second level and needed time to consolidate and stabilize it.
Roughly calculating, he had learned all five kinds of arts once and had his own conclusions.
This content is taken from lig/htnovelp/u//b[.]com
The five kinds of arts had their own emphasis. [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] emphasized the manipulation of ling energy, [Art of Flora] finger movements, [Art of Aged Gold] used consciousness, [Art of Earth Energy] emphasized communication and interaction, [Art of Crimson Flame]’s crux was the calmness of mind and endurance.
At this time, Zuo Mo found an unique pattern. It looked as though the five kinds of arts were not related but in reality, they supported each other. His strongest was [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], which aided him greatly for learning the other four arts. And the complicated finger movement practice of [Art of Flora] greatly increased the skill of his finger movement so he was even more skilled at doing [Little Art of Cloud and Rain.]
After patrolling the ling fields under his name, he then made rain for the medicine fields in Cold Mist Valley. He didn’t have any news of Hao Min shijie, and didn’t know where the two people had gone to be free. But he didn’t have any grudges towards this unpaid job now. The only thing he hated was that there was a distance between Cold Mist Valley and his residence and he had to spend a significant amount of time on the road every day.
When he came back from Cold Mist Valley, he was shocked to find two people waiting outside the doorway to his little yard.



Chapter 12: Art of Flora
Thanks to bagelson for correcting me on my wrong translation. The correct name is [Art of Flora], not [Art of Fauna]. I changed the ones I could find in previous chapters but please tell me if you find it again. Thanks to everyone else who also alerted me to other typos and commented in the previous chapters.
Kudos to Doomseye for guessing that he was going to use the Art of Flora on the weeds!
Chapter Twelve Art of Flora
Li Ying Feng took Xiao Guo along with her as she guarded his door.
Seeing Zuo Mo, Li Ying Feng visibly released a breath. Xiao Guo’s apple face revealed an bashful expression.
Zuo Mo was slightly surprised. Why did these two come? His mouth smiled and said: “Shijie has the time to come to my humble abode today. Such a surprise! Please come in!”
Finishing, he swung out his sleeve. Underneath, he sent out a spell and the door to the yard soundlessly opened.
Li Ying Feng didn’t decline, frankly responding: “Coming without an invitation, we’ve disturbed you!”
Xiao Guo tightly followed behind Li Ying Feng but her little face was still timid.
Zuo Mo muttered inside, ge doesn’t have much interest in silly little girls.
New novel chapters are published on /light/novelpu/b[.]com
Entering the yard, Li Ying Feng saw the lush ling grains in the yard and her eyes lit up. She couldn’t help complimenting: “Shixiong is really skilled at farming. This ling grains’ growth is the envy of others and a bountiful harvest is just around the corner!”
“Shijie is too complimentary.” Zuo Mo casually responded. Inside, he started to ponder the reason that Li Ying Feng had come today. Towards this shijie that he hadn’t had many interactions with in the past, he felt admiration. Regardless of anything else, just her cultivation of lianqi ninth level, it was enough to be top dog of the heap in the outer sect disciples. And her frank and honest conduct was very become to Zuo Mo’s temper.
The three people sat down under a tree next to the pond. The water in the pond ripples. Occasionally, one could see a few fish darting by. When Zuo Mo first moved into the yard, the pond was dry to the bottom. All the water presently in the pond had been slowly accumulated from him practicing [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]. He remembered it very clearly because when the pond became full, his [Little Art of Cloud and Rain coincidentally reached the third level.
As to those fish, they were captured randomly when he passed by some mountain streams.
Li Ying Feng took the initiative to speak of her purpose in coming: “Coming today, one is to thank shidi. The method that shidi said, we have used and to great effect. One really needs mastery in a field. Such a troublesome problem, it really needed someone like shidi who specialized in farming to solve.”
“Yes, yes! It was really effective! Everyone is so happy!” Xiao Guo hurried to agree. But when she saw Zuo Mo’s face turn towards her, she instantly fell silent, her body retreating towards Li Ying Feng.
Zuo Mo took back his gaze and shook his head; “Shijie is too polite. We are from the same sect. There’s no need to put such a minor matter on the mind.”
Li Ying Feng smiled and responded: “Shidi’s words are extremely good. In the future, if shidi meets a hard problem, feel free to come find me. Wherever shijie can help, I wouldn’t decline.”
“Many thanks shijie.” Zuo Mo unconcernedly brushed it off. Past experiences had told him that normally, these kinds of words can’t be taken seriously.
The most up-to-date novels are published on l/ightnovelpub[.]com
Li Ying Feng gazed with burning eyes at Zuo Mo, continuing seriously: “Coming today, it’s to ask for shidi’s help on another matter.”
The meat finally came!
Zuo Mo said expressionlessly: “What matter?”
In reality, he couldn’t make expressions……
“Shidi’s methods were extremely effective.” Li Ying Feng gave a grimace: “But in our crowd of sisters, only one knows the [Art of Earth Energy]. Shidi, you might not know, because of the weeds previously, there was only a pitiful amount of ling grass that was produced. But the amount of ling grass that the animals need is only increasing. Originally, I had planned to go to Dong Fu to buy some to fill the gap, but who knew that the price of ling grass and grains are flying up… …”
Hearing this, Zuo Mo’s mind jumped. Price increases in ling grains, for him, it was definitely good news.
Not taking into account the fifty mu of ling fields that he rented from the sect, just the five mu of ling grains in his yard, the harvest would be significant.
He really profited this year!
He gleefully calculated in his heart, completely not registering what Li Ying Feng was saying.
Updated from lightnovelpub[.//]com
Li Ying Feng noticed Zuo Mo’s inattentiveness and couldn’t help thinking about the rumors she found out about Zuo Mo.
The shock to her that came from such a strong shidi who jumped out of nowhere was enormous. Once Zuo Mo left, she went around for information. She didn’t only know that Zuo Mo had a natural zombie-face, and the third level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] etc, but she even managed to have a general understanding of his usual habits and conduct.
Deciding not to keep being polite, she threw out the bomb: “Coming today, it’s to ask shidi to weed for us. This is ten pieces of second-grade jingshi. It is the goodwill of all of us. Shidi, please take it.”
Once again, it was a small pouch that appeared on her hand.
As expected, Zuo Mo shook and instantly focused.
Ten pieces of second-grade jingshi……
His saliva nearly slipped out. When he had sold three hundred catties of ling grains last time, he had just received thirty pieces of second-grade jingshi.
Zuo Mo hesitated, stating: “I’m not skilled at [Art of Earth Energy], so I’m afraid I can’t help much.”
Li Ying Feng assumed that Zuo Mo was being polite. If he wasn’t an expert, why would he had thought of using [Art of Earth Energy] to get rid of the weeds?
New novel chapters are published on /lightnovelpub[.]/com
This time, she had prepared well. She didn’t panic, smiled and said: ‘Other than these ten pieces of second-grade jingshi, we have also prepared five pieces of second-grade jingshi for shidi to recover ling energy in hopes that the supply of ling grass could recover in the fastest time.”
Zuo Mo’s brain exploded, completely dizzy due to being hit by Li Ying Feng’s jingshi.
Jingshi was the most important resource in each sect. Other than being used to purchase things, its other important use was for recovering ling energy. The density of ling energy in ling veins could not compare at all to what was in jingshi.
In some large sects, those core disciples were completely built up through jingshi. Their job each day was to suck ling energy out of jingshi and increase their cultivation.
Zuo Mo had never tried to extract ling energy from jingshi. He was poor. How could he bear it?
The enemy was too strong! He instantly surrendered, promising: “Inside shijie has an order, as a shidi, I’ll naturally rush through water and tread on fire, and will not decline!”
Li Ying Feng smiled. The tactic was successful. She put down the little pouch on the table, looking at Zuo Mo and asking: “When will shidi go?”
Zuo Mo put the little cloth pouch into his bosom in a flash, his tone solemn as he responded: “The situation is so serious. Naturally, the faster the better.”
Xiao Guo’s mouth twisted.
New novel chapters are published on lightnove/lpub[/.]com
Following between the two people, Zuo Mo continued to recall the major points of [Art of Earth Energy]. In the last few days, most of his attention had been on [Art of Aged Gold] and [Art of Flora]. After roughly practicing [Art of Earth Energy], he didn’t spend much time on it.
He could have never thought that this [Art of Earth Energy] would directly connect to fifteen pieces of second-grade jingshi. Why did he practice spells, wasn’t it for jingshi? He was upset inside. If he knew earlier, he would have practised more.
Very quickly, they reached the Eastern Peak. The female disciples all silently stood at the side, no one speaking.
Even though Zuo Mo didn’t care about them at all, but the completely different treatment he received this time around made him feel good inside.
“The ling fields infested with weeds are about four hundred and fifty ­mu. There’s about two hundred and fifty mu that are much more serious.” Li Ying Feng introduced.
Zuo Mo nearly tripped. Two hundred and fifty mu. This number scared him!
[Art of Earth Energy] was different than [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]. Its effective range was much smaller, about one mu or so. Also, he tried already. With his first level of [Art of Earth energy], he needed to repeat more than three times in order to effectively stop the growth of the damned weeds.
That was to say, at the least, he needed to perform [Art of Earth Energy] seven hundred and fifty times.
The answer made his eyes flip and he nearly fainted. This number, it was enough to work him to death.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
He had thought he got a cushy job. He didn’t think it was really a drudgery one! Falling from heaven into hell, the strong contrast nearly made Zuo Mo cry.
Zuo Mo looked at the ling fields under his feet filled with weeds and wanted to cry. There were almost only weeds left in these fields. It was hard to even find a trace of the ling grass. Such strong weeds, with his just introductory level of [Art of Earth Energy], he might have to do it seven or eight times to be effective.
At this time, his mind was clever and a spark flashed though. He suddenly thought of a beautiful idea.
Since these ling fields were almost completely weeds, they could erase everything and plant ling grasses again.
The kind of dominant spell that [Art of Flora] was, wasn’t it just perfect for the situation? [Art of Flora], other than extracting the vitality and essence of the weeds, it wouldn’t even let go of the seeds that were in the soil. What it extracted was the essence of plants, not ling energy, so it wouldn’t even harm the ling fields.
The more he thought, the more exited he became so he told his thoughts to Li Ying Feng. When Li Ying Feng found out that Zuo Mo also knew [Art of Flora], she was slightly shocked. Inside, she thought that this Zuo Mo shidi wasn’t an ordinary person.
Increasingly feeling that Zuo Mo wasn’t ordinary, Li Ying Feng naturally didn’t have any objections. Inside, she felt that it was very likely to succeed this time.
This time, she was working against major pressure. Fifteen pieces of second-grade jingshi was almost all the jingshi she had.
Quickly going through it again in his head and checking that no problems should occur, Zuo Mo decided to do it.
Updated from l/ig/h//tnovelpub[.]com
The two fists were slightly open, held in front of his chest. The fingertips glowed slightly. Taking a deep breath, the ten fingers moved!
The others only felt threads of light weaving between Zuo Mo’s ten fingers. It was like a drawing, dazzling everyone’s eyes. Only shock was left on everyone’s face.
Only now did they realize the uniqueness of this zombie-like shixiong!
It was a dance of light at the fingertips. That dried up and thin hands, it seemed to have a strange power, and attracted everyone’s gaze.
The diagram that had been drawn was already extremely complicated but the dancing fingers didn’t stop!
Even Li Ying Feng’s face couldn’t help change!
Such complicated finger motions! What spell would require such complicated moves?
She didn’t know that it was due to the complicated nature of the finger movements that [Art of Flora] was the most difficult among the five spells and the number of people who learned it the least.
Countless green threads flew up from the ling fields and wriggled between Zuo Mo’s palms. Unlike the restraint that happened usually, Zuo Mo had no hesitations now. The fear and trepidation that was present completely disappeared. The ten fingers flipped and danced and he pushed forward with all his ling energy.
The source of this content is lightnovel//pub/[/.]com
Gradually, a very strange feeling birthed. It seemed that something was slightly throbbing at his heart.
Unconsciously, the rate of movement of his ten fingers became faster. The throbbing at his heart became even stronger. Everything in the surroundings seemed to fall away. Empty and clear, like a void, he looked on silently. The subtle connections between the dancing ten fingers, the rhythm as the ling energy changed, it went from barely perceptible to the surface.
It was as though a paper window was poked open and his vision suddenly became clear.
The rawness of Zuo Mo’s finger motions instantly disappeared. The ten fingers were like they had been dipped in water, abnormally smooth, flwoing like the water. Of all the female disciples, Li Ying Feng’s cultivation was the highest and her eyes the most knowledgeable. She was the first to detect the peculiarity. If it was said that she had just been admiring the complicated nature of Zuo Mo’s finger movements, she was feeling completely different now. The finger movements were still beautiful, yet it didn’t have that feeling of profoundness, but a kind of strange cadence.
Xiao Guo’s eyes widened. On the little apple face, an intoxicated adorable expression came on.
Threads of green energy floated up from the ling grasses and weeds in the field. The space between Zuo Mo’s ten fingers was like the center of a whirlpool, energetically sucking in the green energy!
More and more of the green energy accumulated on Zuo Mo’s hands. Very quickly, a green and glistening plant essence bead appeared at his fingertip.
The ling fields were a patch of dry yellow, not a hind of green to be found. As a gust of wind blew across, it fell down like dust.
In the blink of an eye, a vital and living ling field had become dead ground.
The most up-to-date novels are published on light/novelpub[.]com
Everyone looked dumbstruck. Their gazes as they looked at Zuo Mo were like looking at a ghost.
Li Ying Feng was incomparably shocked inside. If it was said that the grandiose finger motions made her entranced, then the shocking result in front of her would only make her uncontrollably feel terror!
Was he really lianqi?
She suddenly found it somewhat suspicious.



Chapter 13: Success
Chapter Thirteen Success
Leaving the void state, Zuo Mo mused upon it for a long time. Had that been a moment of enlightenment? He thought with joy and some regret.
As expected, when he cast [Art of Flora] the following few times, the state of emptiness didn’t appear like they did the first time. But his finger movements clearly went up a step and became much more flowing. Especially the cooperation between the ling energy and the finger movements. It was as though he found the trick to it. When his fingers moved, the ling energy followed and changed, the two tightly connected.
The grandiose finger movements, the terrifying resulst, it made the female disciples that were still apprehensive docilely close their mouths.
Zuo hadn’t thought the effects would be this strong neither.
The dominance of [Art of Flora] surpassed his predictions. He couldn’t help but become alert inside. When he cast [Art of Flora] in the future, he needed to be careful.
The following matters were much easier. They only needed to plough the ling fields again before planning the ling grasses.
The method the female disciples used to plant ling grass broadened his vision. He saw a female disciple take out a bamboo container from her waist, pluck out the cork and a gold earthworm climbed out. She incanted the spell and the gold earthworm burrowed into the ling fields.
In a short while, the soil rolled and twisted. After twenty minutes when it stopped, the ling fields were completely overturned. What was most amazing was that not one bit of soil had splashed out of the ling fields.
Zuo Mo couldn’t help but be interested: “What’s this? It’s very convenient!”
The source of this content is light/nov/el//pub[.]com
LI Ying Feng was both educated and kind. She said knowingly: “We call them Mud Turning Earthworms. It’s isn’t anything high-grade, just used to overturn the fields. But the results are pretty good. Afterwards, we’ll give some to shidi. It would be a helper in growing ling grains.”
Zuo Mo was joyous: “Many thanks shijie!”
In the newly turned ling fields, the female disciples spread out the ling grass seeds. Growing ling grasses didn’t have as many concerns as growing ling grains. They only had to spread it densely.
After finishing seeding, Zuo Mo saw a female disciple preparing to cast [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], and volunteered: “Does it need rain, I’ll do it.”
Return the favour. It wasn’t good to take another person’s things for free.
Li Ying Feng was overjoyed: “I heard that shidi’s [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] reached the third level. Today, I get to have a look!”
[Little Art of Cloud and Rain] was Zuo Mo’s most familiar spell. He almost didn’t need any preparation. Just started the spell and the cloud formed, appearing above the ling fields.
Silver threads gradually entered the ling fields, the air full of vitality. Everyone felt their minds become refreshed.
There were very big differences between the fourth level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] and the third level. Just when the rain stopped, a rainbow appeared above the ling fields.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovel//pub[//.]com
Just as everyone was complimenting, one female disciple shouted as she pointed at the ling fields: “Heavens! Look, it’s sprouted!”
At some time, a patch of thin and light green sprouts appeared in the ling fields.
Zuo Mo took out the plant essence bead and cast [Art of Floraa] again. It instantly dissolved into countless bunches of green thread and merged into the ling fields.
The light green spouts in the ling fields instantly became darker, their growth delightful.
“Shidi is just as rumoured!” Li Ying Feng complimented sincerely. This unknown shidi seemed to have endless methods, and always could bring her unexpected surprises. And she found that no matter which technique that Zuo Mo used, there were major differences with what she had heard.
What was he concealing? LI Ying Feng thought of this question again.
[Art of Flora] combined with [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], the effect was outstanding, the effectiveness increasing. Li Ying Feng didn’t care what methods Zuo Mo used, she only hoped to produce ling grasses quickly.
To increase speed, for a continuous length of time, other than going to Cold Mist Valley to make rain once a day, Zuo Mo spend all his time at the Eastern Peak. This was the first time he received the luxurious treatment of using jingshi to recover ling energy.
The body was like a vessel. To contain more ling energy, it needed continually increasingly large containers. The simplest way to increase the size of the container was the change the body. Continuously using ling energy, the ling energy would continuously strength the channels and so more ling energy could be stored.
Visit lightnovelpub/[.]com for the best novel reading experience
The purity and density of the ling energy inside the jingshi exceeded the ling energy drifting in the air. It was much easier to absorb and the effect it had on the channels were clearer.
The next few days, Zuo Mo continuously repeated [Art of Flora] and [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]. The amount of work that was required for more than four hundred mu of ling fields were finished by him alone.
The female disciples finally saw the craziness and absorbed nature of him at work.
Casing a spell, holding a jingshi in meditation, then standing to cast a spell until all ling energy was used, then meditation… …
Even as they looked on from the side, they felt exhausted. But Zuo Mo repeated the cycle and didn’t feel any dullness.
Of course Zuo Mo wouldn’t find it dull!
Such luxurious treatment, he had never thought of it even in his dreams. Such a good opportunity, if he didn’t use it, was he dumb?
He didn’t spare any of his ling energy. Each time, he would wring the ling energy out of his body completely! Then he would take the jingshi and suck fanatically.
In these few days, he had gained much. Even if there wasn’t those ten pieces of second-grade jingshi, he definitely would have agreed. His channels, which had never extracted ling energy in such a manner, were like dry ground meeting a surge of rain. In these short few days, the amount of ling energy in his body increased by almost ten percent, his channels becoming stronger as well.
Updated from ligh/tno/velpub[.]com
Other than that, as he repeated [Art of Flora] over and over, his degree of proficiency increased linearly. There were signs he was nearing the second level.
Looking at the green ling fields, all the fields had been replanted with ling grasses. That also mean the job was finished. His heart was full of reluctance.
“At what time would he meet such a good thing like this!”
He sighed deeply in his heart.
Five days, he used up five pieces of second-grade jingshi. No wonder Zuo Mo was still wishing to continue.
But luckily, ten pieces of second-grade jingshi was enough to satisfy the yearning in his heart.
The stone in Li Ying Feng’s heart landed. Even though the price was high, she had managed to solve a troublesome problem. And she had met a strong shidi. She was very satisfied.
Work and relax, that was the right way.
Returning to the yard, Zuo Mo’s wallet was bulging and his mood relaxed.
New novel chapters are published on lightnovel/p/ub/[.]com
But his studies each day, he never stopped. Even though the efficiency of meditation was far from being able to compare with using jingshi, but Zuo Mo still persisted. The ling energy in the jingshi might be pure and easy to absorb but it was slightly strong. It was slower to meditate and absorb ling energy but it was very gentle.
In the long run, it was easy to leave behind hidden dangers by relying too much of jingshi. Those sects with thick bases and foundations had many methods to solve the dangers, but to Zuo Mo, those were far away.
Of course, the most important thing was Zuo Mo didn’t have that many jingshi to squander.
Other than that, right now, he was focusing on [Art of Aged Gold] and [Art of Flora]. [Art of Aged Gold] was at the second level, and it wasn’t far before [Art of Flora] would also break. If both of these could reach the third level, and adding in the fourth level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], it was enough for him to qualify as a ling plant farmer.
Ha, by that time, the jingshi will roll in ……
In the next few days, his mood was great.
Each day, he light-heartedly ran over to Cold Mist Valley each day to make rain. The ling herbs in the medicine fields were growing well, the effect of the fourth level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] clear. The ling herbs seemed to have more vitality than before. Each time when he stated to make rain, the ling herbs in the fields would neatly follow and sway as though they were rejoicing. Zuo Mo’s mood became cheerful whenever he saw these ling herbs’ “dancing.” To this job that was forced upon him, his unwillingness had decreased.
The medicine fields in Cold Mist Valley were third-grade ling fields. The intelligence in these ling herbs greatly surpassed normal plants.
The misfortunes of the past swept away. His life became bright once again.
Visit ligh/tnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
Just as usual, he made a round of inspections before leaving. After making sure that nothing happened, he then left Cold Mist Valley.
Not long after he left Cold Mist Valley, he suddenly heard the sound of people talking in the front.
“Old Black is pretty misfortunate. The ling grains are infected with this strange disease. He probably won’t get even one grain this year. Next year, he might not even get to plant the ling grains. He has a family of the old and young, his days will become hard.”
“Oh, it’s fate! I’m just worried if this strange disease will spread. If we get infected, that would be terrible!”
“So true! Heavens protect! I’m still depending on this year’s harvest to exchange for a sword scripture!”
“Me too!”
……
Strange disease? Zuo Mo’s heart jumped.
Planting ling grains, what people were most afraid of were those unnameable strange diseases. Once it occurred, it basically was a loss for the entire year. These two years, Zuo Mo had personally seen several shixiong, due to bad luck, become unable to even pay the rent for the ling fields to the sect and were thrown out of the sect.
Updated from lightn/o/velpub[.]com
A while ago when he made rain for Old Black, his ling grains were growing well, so why did they suddenly become infected with a strange disease? Zuo Mo felt it a bit strange.
If one had to say who had it the hardest in the sect, it was probably Old Black. He had a family. His son supposedly had some innate talent and had been admitted into a small sword sect. The tribute he needed to give each year to the sect wasn’t a small amount. Adding on the different material and jingshi needed for cultivation, the spending was enormous.
Old Black had a cultivation of lianqi fifth level. He rented a full two hundred mu of ling fields. All his time was spend on growing ling grains. These ten years, his cultivation hadn’t increased one bit. But even so, the jingshi he earned was just barely enough.
This year, Old Black was especially hard-working. It was rumoured that his son was at the gate of lianqi seventh level. For his son to push through the big jump of the seventh level, he needed a lot of jingshi.
To give to the sect for the sect elders to give some extra attention, it was an unwritten rule.
Other than that, Old Black had put hopes on another method.
Places without ling veins, the amount of ling energy in the air was extremely low. If he relied on those ling energy to change into the ling energy inside his body, it was extremely slow.
Xiuzhe would have the wealth usually used two kinds of methods. One was using ling grains for a long period. There weren’t high levels of ling energy in the ling grains but the effect was gentle and easily absorbed. The other method was directly extracting ling energy from the jingshi. This was also the fasted method. Additionally, using jingshi was especially effective at making breakthroughs.
Old Black thought to use this method for his son to break though the barrier to the seventh level.
Follow current novels on lightnovelpub[/.]com
Zuo Mo decided to take a look. And if it really would spread, then his own fifty mu of ling fields would also be affected.
There were many people surrounding the ling fields at the base of the mountain. Zuo Mo found Old Black in the crowd with one glance. That black face was now so pale there wasn’t a hint of blood, the eyes empty and hopeless.
And the ling fields that Zuo Mo recently made rain for was enough to scare him.
The green ling grains were now almost completely withered. The leaves and primary stem full of a kind of black energy. Anyone who saw the situation would be certain that these ling grains would certainly die. Many shixiong were gathered at the edge of the ling field. They formed groups and discussed in low voices, all their voices full of worry.
“Guo shixiong’s here! Guo shixiong’s here!”
Someone cheered from the crowed. A light came into Old Black’s devastated eyes and he suddenly crawled up from the ground.
Guo Lu shixiong was the person who had the deepest knowledge of [Art of Aged Gold]. A number of years ago, he had reached the second level. The recent news was that he was going to soon enter the third level. Usually, when some strange illness appeared in the ling grains, everyone would recommend Guo Lu shixiong. And he didn’t disappoint. He saved the ling grains that everyone thought would die multiple times.
Guo Lu shixiong was barefoot and wearing shorts, his face full of wrinkles like an old farmer. When he saw the swaths of withered ling fields, his face couldn’t help but change before recovering.
The change was extremely subtle but Zuo Mo coincidentally caught it. When he had seen the withered ling fields, he had already had a bad feeling. When he saw the change in expression of Guo Lu shixiong, the ominous feeling inside became even stronger. As he improved on [Art of Aged Gold], he understood much more.
Visit li/ghtnovelpub[.]/com for a better experience
If it was normal pests, the withered leaves wouldn’t have been slightly black. This black was like dead ash, and made Zuo Mo’s heart beat frantically.
Old Black almost rushed in front of Guo Lu shixiong and shouted heart wrenchingly: “Shixiong, save me!”
Seeing Old Black’s despairing expression, a flush came upon Guo Lu’s face and he gravely said: “As much as I’m capable!”
He walked into the ling fields.
Everyone’s eyes gathered on his body, not a sound of discussion made. Everyone stared fixedly at Guo shixiong that stepped into the ling fields.
Guo Lu shixiong’s expression was grave. He walked in front of a withered ling grain and squatted down, attentively examining every part of the ling grain. He also ripped down the withered and slightly black leaves, putting it to the nose for a smell. His inspection was extremely fine. He almost walked around the entire ling field and took more than an hour.
The suspicious expression on his face became even heavier, as though he had encountered something impossible.
He shook his head, his expression still suspicious and his hand landed on a withered ling grain.
Zuo Mo, who also knew [Art of Aged Gold], suddenly became alert. He knew the most crucial time had come.
New novel chapters are published on lightnov/elpu/b[.]com



Chapter 14: Strange Disease
Edit: Sorry to those who received an alert about chapter fifteen. I got the chapter number mixed up.
This is a more relaxing chapter. I reread the novel today and the beginning parts are some of my favorite. Lots of comedy, lots of work and trying to navigate through life. Everything is also so simple and easy to translate right now.
Chapter Fourteen Strange Disease
Hand touching the ling grain, a hint of gold suddenly floated onto Guo Lu shixiong’s face.
Just this was enough to make Zuo Mo feel admiration. Guo Lu shixiong’s comprehension of [Art of Aged Gold] was much deeper than him. Even though he was at the second level but in actual usage and level of comprehension, he was much weaker than Guo Lu shixiong.
Yet something unexpected happened!
Guo Lu shixiong’s expression changed and he spat out a mouthful of blood, falling to the ground. The disciples spectating instantly paled and rushed forward heading for Guo Lu shixiong.
They only saw that Guo Lu shixiong’s face was as white as paper, barely breathing and unconscious.
Some shixiong who were on good relations with Guo Lu shixiong hurriedly held him up and ran up the mountain. Old Black stayed still in his original place and then started to wail, the sound so mournful listeners also became sad.
The crowd gradually dissipated, each person’s face filled with worry.
Visit lightnovelpub[./]com for a better experience
Zuo Mo moved his feet, walking into the ling fields. Nearing a stalk of ling grain, he closely examined it. He didn’t dare to touch it with his hand. The scene just now, it really made him extremely afraid of these ling grains.
A fishy odor entered his nose. Zuo Mo couldn’t help but frown. In his two years of farming, he had never smelt something like this. Inside, he really wanted to find out what was really inside this ling grains. He suddenly thought about the first time he encountered pests. That brutal and dangerous aura was still fresh on his mind. It was only when he had used [Art of Aged Gold] on his five mu of ling grains that first time that he encountered a similar situation.
When Guo Lu shixiong suddenly spat blood, the first though in his head was, was it that inside these ling grains, there were similar yet stronger presences?
But the lesson of Guo Lu shixiong told him to not rashly try.
Looking at Old Black, he sighed inside. A problem that even Guo shixiong couldn’t solve, he had the desire but not the strength.
Even when he got back to his small yard, that scene was still playing in his mind. The seriousness of the problem increased dramatically due to Guo Lu shixiong throwing up blood. It was certain that the sect would respond. But the only one knowledgeable in the sect about farming, fourth shigu Shi Feng Rong had left to wander half a year ago and still hadn’t recovered. Hao Min shijie who was responsible for the medicine fields had left with Luo Li shixiong.
Hao Min shijie was going to be out of luck, but Zuo Mo didn’t have much joy.
He had a feeling that the strange disease would spread. When he entered the ling fields he had detected that the withering of the ling grains were clearly different. From that, it could be seen that there was a progress in which the ling grains in the field were infected.
The situation was exactly what he had predicted. In the following days, another two shixiong’s ling grains became infected with this kind of strange disease.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpu/b[.]com
The higher ups of the sect still hadn’t set out any measures. Guo Lu shixiong was still unconscious.
A layer of dark clouds covered Wu Kong Sword Sect.
There were still about two months before the time to harvest the ling grains. Everyone could only pray that the ling grains in their own fields would escape and endure to harvest.
However, prayers didn’t do anything. This year, the number of outer sect disciples who received not a seed quickly increased to ten people
Zuo Mo’s luck seemed to have been used up. He became one of the ten people. The five mu in the yard was still good, but some withered ling grains started to appear in the fifty mu he rented from the sect.
His heart suddenly became nervous!
At no time had he ever though he would leave the sect. Farming wasn’t an easy job but he still lived well. From when he opened his eyes two years ago, he had lived at Wu Kong Mountain. This was like his home.
But if he couldn’t completely pay the rent for the ling fields this year, he would be exiled out of the sect.
This was something he could not accept! Even more, if he left the yard, where would he go to find even the smallest section of ling vein?
Visit lightnovelpub[.]c//om for a better experience
Nothing was harder to accept than seeing the ling grains in the fields wither stalk by stalk. Nothing other than being unable to stop the spread made people feel despair. The harsh fishy odor waved off the fields. The rich fields became a pit of mud.
The sect was swarming with victims. The number of outer sect disciple that weres infected by the strange disease increased to twenty five people. The remainder were also in danger.
The ling grains were almost entirely dry. Only at the spot nearest the ground could a hint of green be seen. If they couldn’t find a way, when the vitality of this ling grains were completely gone, it would be too late.
Just as Zuo Mo was at his wit’s end, suddenly a pink Little Thousand Crane appeared in front of his eyes.
“Damned woman! Making a bother at this time!” Zuo Mo saw this paper crane and couldn’t help starting to swear.
He didn’t have any intentions of picking the crane, sneering and musing to himself: “Humph, ge won’t pay attention to you, go play by yourself.”
After the sound landed, the Little Thousand Crane suddenly opened on its own.
“Ye, where are you waiting for me?”
A sweet and adorable voice wormed into his ears. It was like licking a mouthful of honey, or gently tickled at the heart. A person who was less resolute would have softened to the bones.
New novel chapters are published on lightnov/elpub[.]com
Zuo Mo stared with an open mouth at this pink paper that opened up on its own in front of him. On it was written exactly what the voice said.
Automatically unfolding, automatically speaking, automatically finding people ……
The tiny pink Little Thousand Crane showed so many wonders that let Zuo Mo’s weak soul received an unprecedented battering.
He suddenly had a premonition. He might have provoked big trouble.
“Fine fine, it’s not good to argue with a woman. Ge won’t play with you!” He said to himself righteously.
“Wanting to use beauty to tempt me? Humph humph!” Zuo Mo sneered: “You’re still tender. Not just a magic voice, but even if it was a peerless naked woman, ge can still calmly, heart as fixed as pine.”
In the ling fields, there was only the sound of Zuo Mo’s duck like voice singing: “I was originally a mirror, yet dust fell upon me, ya yi ya……”
Before his voice stopped, another pink Little Thousand Crane flew in front of him from the sky.
The exquisite pink Little Thousand Crane moved like stripping off clothing, the motions elegant as it automatically unfolded.
The source of this content is light/novelp/ub[./]com
“Haha, ye, if you don’t reply, the next Little Thousand Crane, I’ll draw a Flame Exploding Seal.”
“Am I afraid?” Zuo Mo wasn’t scared: “Am I one that will lower his head due to power……”
He suddenly posed, tilting his head and muttering to himself: “Flame Exploding Seal, where did I hear it……”
Before his voice landed, he saw a pink Little Thousand Crane flying over from the corner of his eyes.
He scratched his head. It came again? How did the other find him? This was the part that made him the most curious. He had never heard of a Thousand Paper Crane having such an ability. Unless it was those people that were really powerful. But the powerful people, who would use something as washed-out as Little Thousand Cranes?
Wait, she said she would draw a flame exploding seal this time……
Zuo Mo’s pupils widened and he unhesitatingly lifted his feet and started running.
Boom!
A sound of explosion came from behind him. A strong pressure wave forced Zuo Mo into a tumble, eating the dirt.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
Zuo Mo dazed. As a beginner xiuzhe that was only knowledgeable at farming, things like explosions definitely shouldn’t appear in his life.
Struggling to sit up from the dirt, he looked at the large hole that had been exploded behind him, his expression dazed.
From the side, another pink Little Thousand Crane flew in front of him and was elegantly unfolded. But in Zuo Mo’s eyes there wasn’t any elegance, but only the grace that was filled with an empress’ favour.
The specialty of an empress’ favour was that it didn’t care whether you were willing or not.
“Ha ha, ye, in ten minutes, I want to draw a flaming explosion chain seal.”
Zuo Mo’s mind blanked and he jumped up from the ground like his ass was on fire. He grabbed the pink paper floating in front of him and ran in the direction of his residence.
Ten minutes!
Damned woman!
When the familiar yard appeared in his view, his lungs were burning, his throat smoking. Zuo Mo almost cried. Like the wind, he rushed into the yard. Like the wind, he rushed into the room. Like the wind, he found the cinnabar and weasel bristle brush.
Updated from lig/htnovelpu//b[.]/com
“What do you really want?”
There wasn’t any of the easy and boldness of last time. It was so bitter like a weak woman that had a brute rush into her rooms in the middle of the night.
With the fastest speed, he folded the pink paper and with faster speed, he filled it with ling energy and patted his chest in trepidation as he watched it disappear into the horizon.
Zuo Mo felt he was really unlucky. Why did he be so idle as to pick up the paper crane? Why did he reply?
Thinking about the crowd of paper cranes flying down from the sky and then boom boom boom! With him as the center, within three miles, nothing would remain.
Zuo Mo’s head felt numb.
A short while later, a pink Little Thousand Crane flew in from the window.
“Haha, I just want to chat with ye. Life, philosophy, how interesting!”
Zuo Mo crisply raised a white flag: “I surrender!”
Follow current novels on lightn/ovelpub[.]com
The other disregarded it: “Haha, what’s ye’s dream?”
“Earn jingshi.” Zuo Mo helplessly wrote down, full of humiliation.
“Can jingshi be earned?”
“In any case, I can’t shit it out.” Zuo Mo was just going to throw the broken pot.
……
Before Zuo Mo became numb, he finally understood. The other was only a woman that was raised in deep protection, extremely bored, lonely, unfulfilled, thought of lives as grass yet was abnormally powerful. And it was this “abnormally powerful” that easily slayed any intentions of Zuo Mo to rebel.
A matter worth celebrating was that this woman had the habit of eating. For the first time, Zuo Mo was grateful for this habit that was gradually disappearing from the world. It rescued this poor lamb that he was.
Temporarily dispatching the woman, Zuo Mo took a breath. From the high nervousness at the beginning to the complete numbness at the end, Zuo Mo managed to completely experience the process of a soul being wounded.
This even made him not feel any more terror towards the ling grains that made Guo shixiong throw up blood. The experiences this afternoon made him believe, that in this world, there couldn’t be anything more scary than this terrifying woman.
The source of this content is lightnovelpub[.]com
He decided to try to rescue his fifty mu of ling grains.
He didn’t want to leave this place.



Chapter 15: Little Yao
How will Zuo Mo deal with the disease?
Also, should I make a glossary like I did for my other translation?
Chapter Fifteen Little Yao
The night came and Wu Kong Mountain was a piece of quiet.
Because it was far from Dong Fu, the life inside the mountain was extremely dull. When night arrived, the outer sect disciples would usually gather together to chat and entertain themselves. And the inner sect disciples would spend the majority of time on cultivation. From a certain point of view, the pressure that inner sect disciples had wasn’t less than outer sect disciples. They needed to keep cultivating so they could qualify to attend Yao Hunt.
Once every ten years, if in a sword sect, there wasn’t anyone who attended Yao Hunt, the sect would quickly disappear. This was common knowledge.
This was a trait of sword sects. They frequently would rise very quickly, but at the same time, their fall would be even faster. The number of sword sects with long histories could be counted on the fingers. All of them were enormous entities.
These matters weren’t related to Zuo Mo. He had no connections to Yao Hunt.
In the night, he walked along on the mountain path. Under generations of care, the wild beasts on Wu Kong Mountains were extinct so he didn’t need to worry for his safety.
From when he opened his eyes until now, the scenes of life flashed through his mind. His eyes became more resolute, his steps faster.
Follow current novels on lig/ht/novelpub[.]com
The sect didn’t treat him especially well. However, he was used to the life here. It was somewhat hard, but it was safe.
The only knot in his heart was his origins. That dream that always appeared, this face that never had expression. It seemed to be telling him something. But until now, he didn’t have a hint.
Other than this knot, he was very satisfied with his present life. Yet he might be quickly facing the fate of being exiled from the sect.
Maybe one day, he would leave here. But not right now.
And there was also another reason that made him so decisive. It was an impulse moving restlessly in his heart. He didn’t understand why but after the two previous encounters, the craving for battle seemed to have been activated in his bones.
Zuo Mo didn’t know if this would count as “battle”, but in his heart, the kind of confrontation didn’t make him scared but he actually seemed to desire it.
With his eighth level of lianqi, the night was just like day, and he wasn’t affected.
Very quickly, he reached his fifty mu of ling fields.
The speed of withering was extremely fast. It was more serious than when he had left this afternoon. Another large patch of ling grains showed signs of withering.
For more, visit li/gh/t/novelpub[.]com
Walking to the nearest stalk of ling grains, smelling the fishy odor, he suddenly though about the scene of Guo Lu shixiong choking up blood and fainting and hesitated. But this hesitation flashed before disappearing from his eyes. Replacing it was a burning light!
The aged gold energy flashed a dazzling gold in the dark. It was like a ball of fairies.
Zuo Mo took a deep breath. His right hand holding the aged gold energy, he placed it on the stem of the ling grain in front of him.
Boom!
It was as though he was suddenly pulled into another world.
Countless black seeds like dandelion seeds floated in the void, forming a black sea. This black sea swayed gently. Each time it moved, it gave out a vast energy.
Each of them was small and weak, but the energy that this piece of black sea exuded, even Zuo Mo couldn’t find the urge to rebel.
He blankly faced this large black sea, not knowing what to do. The aged gold energy that was usually roiling and violent retreated behind him for the first time.
At the same time in Old Black’s ling fields, there stood three people.
The source of this content is lightnovelpub/[/.]c/om
Among the three, one had a square face and a long beard, his expression stern and authoritative. The other was an old man thin like steel, ice in his eyes, his sword essence imposing. The last was a round person, a smile eternally on his face with great cheer.
If a disciple was here, they would jump in fright.
The authoritative one was the head of the sect, Pei Yuan Ran. The think like steel one was Xin Yan Shishu. The smiling fat one was Yan Le. Of the first generation of Wu Kong Sword Sect, three of the four were present. If this was passed out, a large fuss would occur in the sect.
“Does the two shidi recognize what this is?” Pei Yuan Ran asked in a deep voice. This time, the strange disease came so suspiciously without any forewarning. And it was so ferocious. In just a few days, almost half of the ling fields were damaged.
This meant that the ling grain harvest this year would be significantly damaged, the loss more than half. For a small sect like Wu Kong Sword Sect, this kind of loss was enough to affect their operations.
So when the news reached them, the leader of the sect and the other elders that never asked about the ling fields quickly came to look.
Yet the situation was even worse than they had imagined. All three of them were in a terrible mood.
Xin Yan shook his head: “Never seen it, but it can eat ling, so it should be yao, kill!” The last word was full of murderous intent, bitingly cold!
“Second Shixiong is right.” Even Yan Le, the one always agreeable with a smile on his face, had a dark expression: “But yao has never stepped onto Wu Kong Mountain before. How did this small yao come to our Wu Kong Mountain?”
The source of this content is /light/novelpub[.]com
“This matter is fishy.” Pei Yuan Ran mused, a hint of worry in his expression: “After three thousand years ago when the two races of yaomo retreated, in the thousands of years, nothing has ever been heard about yaomo appearing in the present territory of the Sword Rivers. But yao has appeared in our sect, it really is a puzzle.”
“Shixiong shouldn’t worry, just kill it.” Xin Yan frigidly replied: “Not just a little yao that hasn’t matured. But even the big yao, humph, those that died under my sword, there were many!”
Yan Le gave a reminiscing expression, smiling and adding: “Thinking about that year when the three of us hunted yao. Second Shixiong’s [Ice Dragon[1] Sword] intimidated all the yaomo, and made them quake!”
The other two also showed expressions of recall.
“Let’s sort out this little yao first. Such a good moon, let’s go back and boil tea. It would be an experience.” Pei Yuan Ran smiled, suggesting.
Yan Le smiled and clapped: “That’s good. Second Shixiong, we’ll cover for you.”
Xin Yan didn’t decline. The ice in his eyes flashed and he summoned his flying sword.
A snowy white crystal sword appeared in the sky. The clean clarity of the body made the moon seem dull. Soaring in the night sky, it intimated. This was Xin Yan’s famous [Ice Dragon Sword].
“Go!”
This content is taken from l/i/ghtnov/elpub[.]com
A clear shout echoed in the surroundings.
The body of the Ice Dragon Sword trembled slightly and turned into a pure white icy dragon. The two eyes flashed viciously. Giving a low bellow, it changed into a flashing light and raced for the ling fields!
When the light was just about to attack the ling fields, something unexpected happened.
A gust of black smoke came out of each stalk of withered ling grain. Those extremely thin black wisps of smoke grew in the wind. In a few blinks of the eye, the ling fields were covered in a layer of inky black smoke. Even the finger of a hand couldn’t be seen in front of the eyes.
The three of Pei Yuan Ran were covered in smoke but were not the least bit panicked.
But they didn’t know that not far away, there was an outer sect disciple that was also covered in the black smoke.
Zuo Mo was startled awake by Xin Yan’s shout. But at this time, he suddenly found that he couldn’t even take his consciousness away.
What he could see was still the countess black dandelion seeds flying everywhere!
But this clear shout from somewhere disturbed the piece of the sea. The black dandelion seeds started to surge like a large ocean that suddenly had a windstorm.
New novel chapters are published on ligh/tn//ovelpu/b[.]com
Fury, contempt, helplessness, sorrow……
Many different emotions floated into Zuo Mo’s heart. He was like a puppet, full of countless emotions that didn’t belong to him. These emotions were limitless and restless, raging through Zuo Mo’s consciousness.
But Zuo Mo’s own consciousness was clearer than ever.
What was more tragic than even his consciousness being controlled?
Something suddenly seemed to have been touched in his heart. An unprecedented loathing and hatred suddenly rose!
Damn it!
Zuo Mo’s body was shaking. Every joint in the entire body shaking. The shaking became even stronger, the scene extremely unsettling.
In the sea of consciousness, he furiously struggled, furiously shouted!
“Get out!”
For more, visit lig/htn/ov//elpub[.]com
A furious shout tore out, like the roar of thunder, and echoed in this borderless black sea.
And the raging emotions in his heart suddenly disappeared with his shout. He still could feel the different feelings transferring from the black sea but the emotions didn’t take over his consciousness.
Immediately after, he saw something he would never forget.
A pure white sword blow, landing from the sky!
Just one sword!
The black sea he thought was vast and limitless was cleaved in two! He could not comprehend the vastness and strength of this sword. Zuo Mo was shocked still. His own sea of consciousness, at this moment, was frozen by this grand sword.
Terror, and instinct, it dominated every corner of his mind.
Everything seemed to slow down. After the sword strike that seemed to destroy the heavens, countless small sword essences, like sharks in a pack, chased those black dandelion seeds. Everywhere they passed, nothing was left.
The black sea gave out the feeling of panic, terror ……
For more, visit l/ightn/o//velpub[.]com
Zuo Mo smiled. When the black sea controlled his emotions, it had infuriated him.
The battle ended very quickly. A second blow didn’t materialize. This one blow was enough to erase the entire black sea. The ling grains returned to normal, except they were heavily damaged and needed time to recover. The control of his consciousness returned to him and he left the ling grain. He couldn’t help wipe the cold sweat on his forehead.
The danger this night totally surpassed his imagination. Thinking about it now, he couldn’t help but still be scared.
He laid down on the ground, his entire body soft, soaked in sweat. The night wind blew and he shuddered.
He walked soullessly back to his own little yard.
What were those black dandelion seeds inside the ling grains? That sword strike that appeared out of nowhere, whose was it?
That one strike, the shock it gave him was really too strong! Bone-achingly cold, murderous intent overflowing, the meaning of the sword was branded in his mind. He suddenly understood why so many people would chose to cultivate the sword. To chase after power, wasn’t it was the natural tendency of people?
Even more, it was such strong, such terrifying power!
The fifty mu of ling grains were finally saved. Even though this year’s harvest would dramatically decrease, but he should still have the amount for this year’s rent.
Follow current novels on lightnovelpub[.]com
At this point, he heaved a sigh of relief. Sitting down, he started to inspect his own consciousness. He had never gone through something like his experience tonight. He was very worried this would affect him negatively.
As he started his mediation, his face suddenly changed!
In his sea of consciousness, there floated one black dandelion seed!
[1] 螭: it is actually a dragon that doesn’t have any horns. An immature dragon.



Chapter 16: Sword Essence
The footnotes are clickable so if you click on them again, you go back to its place in the text. I added new terms to the glossary. I tried to copy what the ISSTH glossary did so tell me if what’s up is what was being requested. I think the text itself describes what the terms do or are so I didn’t write very detailed descriptions.
Thanks for all the comments and typo picking. Please keep going.
I think I’m going with the sea of consciousness because the Chinese term is 识海. I could do spiritual sea but for some reason, it feels awkward to me.
Chapter Sixteen Sword Essence
“Don’t forget!”
……
“Even if you die, you mustn’t forget!”
……
The strange yet familiar voice echoed like a nightmare.
Just like usual, Zuo Mo was startled awake from his dream. He grimaced as he sat up. Rationally, if he had the same dream this many time, he should be numb against it. But each time he woke up, he would find his body soaked in sweat. Even he felt that it was unimaginable.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub/[.]/c/om
The stars in the sky were brightly lit, the starlight falling down. Wu Kong Mountains was peaceful and quiet.
That dangerous scene from last night flashed before his eyes. He suddenly remembered that black dandelion seed in his sea of consciousness. He quickly went to inspect. It was still floating in his consciousness. There wasn’t any movement. He released a breath. No matter what method he used, it didn’t have any effect on this black dandelion seed.
He was somewhat worried. From a glance, it could be seen that this black dandelion seed wasn’t something good. Now that it suddenly ran into his sea of consciousness, it definitely wasn’t a good thing.
Should he wait a while and then go take a look at the doctor?
He mused inside. Waking up in the middle of the night, he didn’t have a hint of drowsiness. After thinking for a while, the matter of the black dandelion seed was thrown to one side. In this situation where he couldn’t think of any solutions, excessive worry was superfluous.
Limited by his cultivation, his sea of consciousness wasn’t large. Other than that black dandelion seed, it was empty.
As he kept on thinking, he thought about that sword essence that flew over the heavens. The shock that that sword essence gave him was too large, deeply ingraining itself in his head.
He had never learned any sword scriptures but that didn’t mean he didn’t understand anything. In the outer sect disciples, there were many that practised sword scriptures. Because Wu Kong Sword Sect was a sword sect. Like Wei Sheng Shixiong, he mainly cultivated the sword, and had once been Luo Li Shixiong’s sword servant.
The so-called sword servant, they were the servants of sword xiu. They were responsible for cleaning the battlefield and some supplementary duties.
Visit ligh/tnovelpu//b[.]com for a better experience
Wei Sheng Shixiong had the greatest battle strength in the outer sect disciples, and his battle experience was extremely rich. It was rumoured that he had even once killed sword xiu who were in the initial stages of zhuji. But he had seen how Wei Sheng Shixiong practising. The lights flew and it was very pretty, but compared to that sword essence, it was like a colourful paper bird, a poke and it would tear.
But the vast sword essence last night that seemed to cleave the heavens, he had never imagined anything like it. Under that sword strike, everything bowed. He was as tiny as an ant.
Just at this time, something unexpected occurred!
In his sea of consciousness, an icy and pure white sword essence appeared without a warning!
Zuo Mo’s body froze, his eyes bulging and his breathing stopped.
A beat later, his cold body steadily warmed. His eyes slowly recovered the spirit. He heavily exhaled, shock filling his eyes.
Why was it like this?
That suddenly appearing sword essence, it was exactly the same as that terrifying sword strike last night!
Having no guards against it, that sword strike almost cleaved his sea of consciousness in half. The pure and cold murderous intent contained in the sword strike directly made him stop breathing, all the organs in his body at that moment stop moving!
Follow current novels on li/ghtnovelpub[/./]com
He still felt trepidation and didn’t understand what had happened at all.
It wasn’t possible!
Having the black dandelion seed exist in his consciousness was enough to make him terrified, now there was the addition of a sword essence!
No!
When he inspected before, he didn’t find this sword essence!
Leaving his sea of consciousness, he thought back in great detail on how the sword essence had appeared. Then he found, just when the sword essence had appeared, it was exactly when he was in the sea of consciousness facing the black dandelion seed when he remembered the sword essence.
A bold idea suddenly appeared in his head.
Was it that this sword essence had been released by that black dandelion seed?
This freakish idea, once it came out, it couldn’t be pushed down.
Updated from lightnovelpub[.]com
His sea of consciousness turned back into a void. The black dandelion seed floated around alone in the void. Zuo Mo hesitated. That sword essence was too strong. Just right now, the blow to his body and soul were extreme.
But the desire to understand what happened quickly won. He gritted his teeth!
Go for it!
Facing the black dandelion seed, he thought back to that sword essence!
Hiss!
A silvery white sword essence flew out!
Splat!
Zuo Mo’s body froze and he threw up a mouthful of blood.
A second later, “Hahahaha!” The sound of laughter rang out of the little yard. Zuo Mo’s mouth was smeared with blood, frightening to the eye, yet his face was joyous.
The source of this content is lig/htnovelpu/b[.]com
It really was that black dandelion seed! The sword essence really was released by it!
Having prepared this time, he saw it clearly. Not just that, he also found that this sword essence was completely different than what he had seen last time. Or, more correctly, it was even clearer! And because of it, its undoubted power was exposed. How could Zuo Mo’s fragile spirit endure the blow of such a strong sword essence? So he was wounded and spat blood.
But even wounded, Zuo Mo couldn’t help roar with laughter.
If he could comprehend this sword essence ……
Before last night, he didn’t have a bit of interest in sword xiu. But that pure and icy sword energy planted a seed in his heart. A seed that was interested in strength.
But Zuo Mo quickly came out from his joy. This sword strike was extremely strong, nothing he could bear.
His head started to ache. After receiving two blows from the stroke strike, his spirit was already wounded. And, thinking about the pain as his body being completely frozen, his consciousness easily being split in half, his face slightly paled.
Comprehending this sword essence, there were many benefits. But, at the same time, he had to pay a painful price. The spirit being wounded, it was much harder to heal than other wounds.
The pain at his head made him hiss repeatedly. Grabbing the sound tablet beside him, he pushed in ling energy.
Follow current novels on lightnovelpub[.]com
“Fierce conflict has once again exploded at Bloody Sky Metropolis Jie……”
The voice inside the sound tablet made Zuo Mo pause. The sound tablet was an essential part of his life. He would listen to the sound tablet each night to go to sleep. In this length of time, there was a clear increase in the news about the conflict at Bloody Sky Metropolis Jie.
Was it the yaomo were discontent at being suppressed for so long and was starting to counterattack?
He thought humorously, but he quickly threw the question to one side. No matter if it was Bloody Sky Metropolis Jie, or yaomo, it was one hundred thousand miles away from him, completely unrelated. He didn’t even think the yaomo would make a ripple. Three thousand years ago, the war between the xiuzhe and yaomo, it ended in a complete victory for the xiuzhe. If there wasn’t a Bloody Sky Metropolis Jie stopping the forward progress of the xiuzhe, it was very likely that the yaomo would have already been completely eradicated.
Following that was some news on the Sword Test Conference. Zuo Mo wasn’t very interested.
Suddenly, his head felt like it was cracking. Zuo Mo grunted as he hugged his head. His consciousness was wounded.
The greatest pain in a life came when a beautiful woman dropped out of the sky, but at the same time, there also dropped a nasty dragon that guarded the beauty.
Even more painful was just when they saw the peerless face of the beauty, they were kicked by the evil dragon at the weak spot.
Zuo Mo wailed inside. Fixing his consciousness was his most important priority right now. However, to a low-level xiuzhe with only the cultivation of lianqi eighth level, fixing consciousness was a question that was far out of his power.
The source of this content is lig/htn/ovelp/ub[.]com
Pain!
It was like the deepest part of the brain was being lightly craved by someone using a small knife. Just a while and Zuo Mo was almost insane.
Hugging his head as he sat on the roof, the painful groans continued.
Zuo Mo wanted to cry. Holding his head, he almost crawled to move to the meditation mat in the seclusion room.
His only hope right now was that mediation could decrease the pain. Very quickly, the cruel reality destroyed his last hope. No matter how he used the ling energy, the pain of his spirit didn’t lessen.
His entire person seemed to have been chopped in two, but his body was well.
He hugged his head, rolling and groaning on the floor. Gradually, the sound of wailing became lower.
Those who are ignorant have no fear. He had only the most pitiful understanding of the spirit. If his cultivation was just a bit deeper, he would understand more and wouldn’t dare to be so impulsive. Fixing a consciousness, even those xiuzhe who had a cultivation of ningmai, didn’t have many solutions. Unless jindan cultivators lent a hand, fixing would be easier.
But, if a jindan gave aid, that price definitely wasn’t a small one.
Follow current novels on lightnovelpu/b[./]com
Low-level xiuzhe didn’t dare to touch the spirit. Not even the Zen xiu who specialized in the consciousness, before the stage of jindan, they also wouldn’t dare.
Zuo Mo was just a low-level xiuzhe who just achieve the eighth level of lianqi. His sea of consciousness suffered two continuous blows that far surpassed his ability to bear. The fact that he didn’t already die was a miracle.
A wound to the consciousness, if there wasn’t an outside power to heal it, it wouldn’t disappear.
The pitiful Zuo Mo curled completely into a ball. He didn’t have the strength to roll anymore. His breathing was shallow, his awareness fuzzy.
Faintly, he seemed to hear someone was talking.
“Thou wants to live?”
A simple and desolate voice, upright and imposing.
“Save me!” Zuo Mo heard his weak answer filled with joy and pleading.
“To abide by my ceremony, to execute my desires, to give my oath, will thou?”
The source of this content is l/ight/novelpub[.]com
“Too outrageous!” Zuo Mo, on his last breaths, couldn’t help but wail. He suddenly had the feeling he had been tricked.
“Will thou?” the imposing voice was like thunder, filled with oppression.
“Go to hell!” Zuo Mo unexpectedly raged: “Don’t assume that I don’t know it’s you that tricked……” He stilled wanted to curse, but the pain of his spirit was so extreme he couldn’t help but scream.
“Will thou?”
“Go to hell!” Zuo Mo swore as he screamed. At the same time, he raised his middle finger.
……
“Will thou?”
“Go to hell!” Zuo Mo didn’t even have the energy to scream, much less raise the middle finger. He could only weakly whine.
……
The most up-to-date novels are published on //lightno/velp/ub[.]com
“Will thou?”
“Go to hell!” Zuo Mo’s answer was like the whine of a mosquito, the sound thin, like a hair strand.
……
“Will thou?”
“Go to hell……”
Zuo Mo’s awareness was a puddle of dizziness as he struggled.
……
That imposing and authoritative sound finally silenced. At this time, Zuo Mo’s awareness was completely muddled, everything in the surroundings indistinct.
In his dizziness, he didn’t know if it was his delusion. That voice spoke again, no dignity left, only loneliness.
The most up-to-date novels are published on ligh/tnovelpub[.]com
“The ceremony lost, the desire dead, only the oath once taken……”
The voice seemed further and further away from him. He became unconscious.
In the sea of consciousness of Zuo Mo who was in a coma, that black dandelion seed that had been floating quietly landed.
As it landed, it penetrated into the sea of consciousness, grew roots, germinated, bloomed, bore fruit. Countless black dandelion seeds continuously spilled, floating to every corner of Zuo Mo’s consciousness.
In the blink of an eye, the sea of consciousness became a black sea. The black sea suddenly broke. Countless fragments floated up like black flowers, turning into countless wisps of black smoke.
The black smoke transformed into a figure of a person.



Chapter 17: Pu[1]
I am so exited about this chapter. Zuo Mo’s my favorite character but this one is right after. Luck is really important on the road to cultivation. Zuo Mo has terrible luck……
I have a hard time translating 变态. I’ve used both abnormal and perverse. Any suggestions?
Chapter Seventeen Pu[1]
Zuo Mo slowly woke up. His head was still aching, but compared to the pain that had cut through his entire body, it was much less.
Thinking of what had happened before he went unconscious, his face suddenly changed.
He always had been one with a clear mind. Under the situation where his head was aware and he could think clearly, he quickly organized the cause and result. Without any great need to think, it was definitely that black dandelion seed that was the culprit.
The one that released the sword essence was him. And the one that pressured him was also that one.
Thinking about it, Zuo Mo’s heart burned in anger.
That guy tried to play tricks on his head, he didn’t know what he was getting into!
He suddenly thought that he had said something before he went unconscious, and his face changed. Was it that he didn’t persevere and had capitulated?
New novel chapters are published on lig/h/tnovelpub[.]com
Thinking about this, he quickly calmed his mind and entered his consciousness.
When he enters the sea, he was stupefied.
On the undulating hills, it was groups of large ancient trees. The green grass was like a carpet, spreading out in patches. Fine wild flowers mixed within the grass, adding hints of life.
It was as though he walked into a forest.
Before, his sea of consciousness was only empty space. This living and breathing scene in front of him……
Zuo Mo was completely pinned to the ground. The scene in front of his eye far surpassed the limits of his understanding.
He dazedly walked on the grass, feeling the softness of the grass under his feet. The smell of the green grass wafted into his nose. Zuo Mo was dazed. He was only an eighth level lianqi low-level xiuzhe.
When his gaze turned towards a hill without any trees, he instantly came back.
He started to run like a maniac towards that hill.
The most up-to-date novels are published on light/novelpub[.]com
On the hill, a man dressed in black was sitting on a stele, black clouds moving around it. One hand was lying on the leg, another propped up his chin, his expression carefree and pleased.
When he neared, Zuo Mo finally made out the black-clad man’s appearance.
A perfect face!
Zuo Mo had never though men could be so handsome. An androgynous face, a high nose, the raven back hair covering up the left eye, the right eye as narrow and long as a blade, the serene crimson red pupil was like a bottomless blood pool, the thin and wide lips eternally held a shallow yet strange curve. A piece of dark red rhombus shaped crystals were in each earlobe, the wide black clothing soft and smooth, just like his hair, it gave off a black glow as it kept close to his body, full of a strange enticement.
Zuo Mo blanked at his position, not knowing what to say. He was only the most normal disciple of a small sect. When had he ever seen someone so outstanding?
“I am called Pu.” A sweet-sounding and beautiful voice. He propped up his chin, looking in interest at Zuo Mo, the curve of his mouth more evident: “What are you called?”
“Zuo Mo.” He replied dumbly. He definitely was dreaming. Pu seemed to be just sitting there but all the light in the sea of consciousness seemed to have been unconsciously sucked away to him. Zuo Mo had seen those female disciples at the Eastern Peak. Not one of them was better looking than Pu.
When a man looked like this, he probably would want to cry.
When this thought came out, Zuo Mo came back to awareness. Pu’s enticing and shocking aura was instantly shattered by this humorous thought.
Follow current novels on l/ightnovelpu/b[.]com
Seeming to have noticed Zuo Mo returning to his senses, Pu smiled gently, and wasn’t irritated. He still used his melodious voice: “It seems we will have to be in contact for a long time. But I believe we will have delightful interactions. Oh, right, this is for you.”
Pu casually threw a glowing ball at Zuo Mo. On the surface of the ball, countless seals flashed.
“What is it?” Zuo Mo instinctively received the glowing ball.
Boom.
It was as though he was struck by thunder, his body frozen. Countless characters were shoved into him mind, circulating relentlessly.
“[Embryonic Breathing Spirit Cultivation], just a little plaything. It can repair your spirit, count that as a greeting gift.” Pu’s tone was lazy: “Even though I want to live for free, but there’s no other way. Your sea of consciousness is so broken. Fix the sea of consciousness quickly, otherwise I have to find another place again.”
He gracefully waved his hand. Zuo Mo, still unmoving at his spot, felt the space around his body tighten. When he opened his eyes, he found that he had come out of his sea of consciousness.
His heart was suddenly terrified. Pu seemed to be even stronger than he had imagined. A person like this that he couldn’t control in his consciousness, no wait, controlling his sea of consciousness! He had no joy at receiving [Embryonic breathing Spirit Cultivation]. Terror spread through his body like poison.
Managing to swallow his saliva and suppressing the terror in his heart, he pondered what to do.
This content is taken from l/ightnovelpub[.]c/om
Report to the sect?
In these two years, he had only seen the head of the sect once. That was when he had been picked by the leader and when he opened his eyes. As to the other elders and shishu, he had never even met them.
What he was really worried about was another conjecture.
He was very suspicious, Pu was very likely to be a yaomo!
Such a beautiful yaomo, he almost couldn’t believe it, but for some reason, this suspicion was like a maggot burrowing into the bones, taking root in his mind, unable to be swept away.
Zuo Mo had never seen yaomo, all his ideas about yaomo came from the sound tablet. When it mentioned yaomo, it was killing, it was death and bleeding. But the between yaomo and xiuzhe were that of natural enemies, he was very clear about that. Destroying yaomo was the duty of each xiuzhe, no matter where.
However, Zuo Mo was a beginner xiuzhe whose cultivation just reached the eighth level of lianqi. Not speaking of destroying yaomo, the yaomo wouldn’t even lower themselves to destroying him.
What he was more worried about was that if someone else knew that a yaomo was in his body, he definitely would be destroyed, ground until not a trace could be found. In the eyes of those higher level xiuzhe, just an eighth level lianqi like him, he couldn’t even be considered cannon fodder.
Maybe, they would throw him straight into the dan[2] furnace and get refined with the yaomo……
The source of this content is ///lightnovelpub[.]c/om
He couldn’t help but shudder, his heart beating furiously. He quickly stopped those terrifying thoughts.
In a daze, for the next two days, Zuo Mo seemed to not be in this mortal coil.
He naturally had to practise [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation]. Otherwise, before he could be crippled by Pu Yao, he would cripple himself first. Pu Yao, that was the new name Zuo Mo gave Pu. Regardless if he was a yao, just how he looked, he deserved the character of yao.
The effects were very good. After a few days, half of his spirit had recovered. But Zuo Mo felt no gratefulness towards Pu Yao. Because he finally remembered, the reason that his consciousness was wounded, it was Pu Yao’s fault.
In these few days, he didn’t go to his sea of consciousness.
If it was said at the first glance, the deepest impression Pu Yao left on Zuo Mo was enchanting, now, enchanting changed to wicked!
What did the guy really want?
That was the true cause of the terror.
Zuo Mo quickly found that his life became incomparably terrible. To a xiuzhe whose goal was to become a ling plant farmer, living was the most important.
Visit lightnovelp/ub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
He decided to have a discussion with Pu Yao.
Just like last time, Pu Yao sat on the stele idly, in the same black clothing. Seeing Zuo Mo he smiled. That smile coming among the thick black smoke revolving around, it made him look full of evil. The conjecture about whether or not Pu was yaomo jumped out again of its own accord.
Zuo Mo’s heart shook. He didn’t lack in courage, but when the other was in complete control, he wouldn’t do such a stupid thing as to express bravery. He suddenly noticed the stone stele under Pu’s body. Half a person high, the stone stele was shrouded in black clouds. When he accidentally swept across the surface of the stone stele, he couldn’t help but be shocked.
Grave!
This was a grave!
It wasn’t a stone stele, it was a gravestone!
He instantly was frightened, his heartbeat speeding up.
“What? Wanted to find me for a chat?” A lazy voice. He didn’t know if it was this gravestone at fault but Zuo Mo felt that Pu’s voice was full of a kind of dark coldness that easily seeped into one’s heart.
Zuo Mo calmed his emotions, a fawning smile on his face: “Da ge,[3] look, my cultivation is this weak, and my body is all bones, there isn’t a few catties of meat, not good to eat.”
This content is taken from lightnovelpub[/.]com
“Eat?” Pu suddenly smiled. He opened his dark red right eye, slowly speaking: “Speaking of delicious human meat, oh, that’s so long ago. The best human meat, there’s a lot to consider. The best is sixteen or seventeen year old girls. Tender meat, crunchy bones. Yum, yum.”
A scarlet tongue licked the lips, his expression full of reflection.
Zuo Mo’s heart was beating out of his chest. He forced a smile: “Yeah, yeah, see, shouldn’t you change a person?”
“Change a person?” Pu tilted his head, staring at Zuo Mo: “What? You don’t like it? Feeling that I took over your space?”
Being pierced by Pu’s deep red right eyes, cold spread through Zuo Mo’s heart. He hurriedly waved his hand: “No, no! This is my honor! Honor!”
He seemed to be very satisfied with Zuo Mo’s answer. Pu took away his gaze, his right eye closing again, his mouth absent-mindedly asking: “In your generation of disciples, how many are jindan? Ten?”
Zuo Mo shook his head.
“Eight?”
Zuo Mo continued to shake his head.
For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com
“Five?”
Zuo Mo finally couldn’t endure it. He felt the other was making fun of him: “Not a single one. In the shixiong of this generation, the highest cultivation is the last stages of zhuji.”
For the first time, a shocked expression came onto Pu’s face with his closed right eye. This made Zuo Mo feel smug.
After a while, Pu shook his head, sighing: “No wonder you suck so much.”
Zuo Mo almost spat blood.
Pu opened his eye, his gaze once again landing on Zuo Mo’s body. He examined up and down, his hand propping up his chin, murmuring to himself: “The body is really weak. Hmm?”
Zuo Mo was very irritated at how the other was discussing him like he was examining an object, but Pu’s “hmm” made his heart jump.
“Is something wrong?” He couldn’t ask hurriedly. He knew his body wasn’t normal. The hard zombie-face, and that dream that appeared countless times, it was like a thorn in his heart.
Pu lifted his head, the hair in front of his forehead almost covering the left half of his face. The crimson right eye that wasn’t covered glanced at Zuo Mo’s face, one corner of his mouth lifting: “No problem.”
New novel chapters are published on lightnovelpub[.]/com
“Alright, you suck very much, but not to a terminal point.” Pu returned back to his lazy tone of voice.
“I wanted to ask… …” Zuo Mo decided to lay his cards on the table with Pu. He wanted to find out what Pu’s true aims were.
“Oh, right.” Pu interrupted Zuo Mo. His blood-red right eye narrowed, his thin lips lifting upward on an angle: “Started practising [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation. How is it, is the effects alright? Almost forgot to tell you, [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation is good, but it has one pesky problem.”
Zuo Mo’s heart beat frantically. He had a bad feeling.
“Once [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] is started, it can’t be stopped. Supposedly, if one can’t get to the first embryonic breath in three months, there would be some minor problems.”
He raised his right hand, spreading his five fingers, the corner of his mouth raising higher, the fresh red of his eye even brighter: “Really, it’s just small pains such as blood flowing in reverse. Oh, did you know, before I had a very creative friend. He was in charge of the torture prisons.”
Pu seemed to be telling a story, actively narrating.
“One time, he encountered a very hard nut. He tried everything but couldn’t break open this guy’s mouth. He then begged for this method from me. He sent a subordinate to pretend to be a criminal and near this guy. And then, using his subordinate’s mouth, he passed this scripture over to him. Oh, you have to know, I always admired this guy. Creative, and patient.”
He said with a few hints of glee: “Such a pity that this criminal didn’t have much talent. Three months, he didn’t reach one embryonic breath. Oh, I always felt, it must have been that my friend purposefully left out a few words.”
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightno/velpub[.]com
“And then?” Zuo Mo asked, his voice shaking.
“And then?” The smile on Pu’s face became even brighter: “Cracked on the thirty-first day. But my friend was a soft-hearted one and didn’t kill him. Left him hanging for three months. Each day, he begged my friend to kill him. Listening to the exquisite and mellow wailing, such an experience! Supposedly, when he died, oh, his soul just exploded like a firework, extremely beautiful.”
A bone-aching cold spread over Zuo Mo’s entire body.
His pitiful nerves were like a spring that was pushed to its limits. All the accumulated anger exploded in one instant. He lost his rationality and screamed as he leapt at Pu.
––“You perverse renyao![4] Ye’ll kill you!”
[1] It is pronounced a bit like “poo”. The character used is the same one that is usually used for dandelion.
[2] 丹: pill, pellet. Common used as “pills of immortality” by Chinese emperors in search of eternal life. A gaming equivalent would be potions.
[3]大哥: big brother
[4] 人妖: Hong Kong slang for Thailand transvestites. It was then adopted as internet slang for males that used female avatars in MMORPGs. It’s also used to describe “girliness” in boys. The literal meaning is human-spirit. In this case here, Pu is really a yao, and he does look androgynous.



Chapter 18: Soup
Chapter Eighteen Soup
In the seclusion room, Zuo Mo mediated with his legs in the lotus position.
He was furiously practising [Embryonic Breathing Spirit Cultivation], the damned [Embryonic Breathing Spirit Cultivation]!
The damned Pu Yao!
He cursed the maniac countless times. After exploding yesterday night, he was brutally oppressed. His consciousness was once again heavily wounded, torn to pieces by Pu Yao. The result of the wounds in his consciousness was the heart-wrenching pain. Now, without needing Pu Yao’s urging, he furiously practised [Embryonic Breathing Spirit Cultivation].
Once his head cooled down, Zuo Mo wanted to cry. That night, he should have never gone to the ling fields. Thinking about Pu Yao, that coldness and cunning that could burrow into the bones, it was like a venomous snake slowly sliding up the bottom of his pants. That uncontrollable terror spread through the entire body.
The brutal suppression last night, it also made him attain a deep understanding of an unattainable gap between the power levels of the two of them.
A strong, perverse madman!
Zuo Mo already expected that his future was a patch of darkness.
This guy didn’t have goodwill from the very start. From the black sea in the beginning, to the sword energy, and his spirit being wounded, then to [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation], step by step, he became the lamb being led to slaughter.
Visit l/ightnovelpub/[.]com for a better experience
The pitiful him, he had though that there was only a bad-tempered neighbour living in there, he didn’t think it was a wicked yaomo.
If he was only suspicious before, now he was one hundred percent sure that Pu was yaomo. Other than yaomo, who would be so evil?
Slowly waking up, like the chaos before creation, Zuo Mo opened his eyes and lightly breathed out that breath of air that had been circulating inside his body all this time.
This breath was long and continuous. When it was being exhaled, it was as concise as an arrow.
Zuo Mo felt slightly reassured. This [Embryonic Breathing Spirit Cultivation] was a miracle. The pain in his spirit had lessened greatly and he could clearly feel his spirit stabilizing. When Pu Yao had just flicked his finger last night, his consciousness had almost been completely scattered.
He didn’t know where [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] came from. The words were cryptic and hard to understand. The syntax it used was the opposite of the jade stick that Zuo Mo had brought. He had used a lot of energy before he barely managed to understand the first chapter.
He didn’t think to go ask Pu Yao. The lessons in tears and blood told him, to try to take advantage of that guy, just wait to get tricked.
The first chapter was called [Chapter of Spiritual Concentration], it talked about how to meditate and condense the spirit, stabilizing the consciousness.
This was exactly what Zuo Mo needed at the moment. After continuous injury, his consciousness was almost in shreds. If he couldn’t fix it soon, it was probably that he could enter madness. As to the one breath Pu Yao mentioned, it meant being able to complete a whole embryonic breath.
New novel chapters are published on lightnovel/pub[./]com
Embryonic breath was the core of [Embryonic Breath Spiritual Cultivation] and it was the most basic cultivation method. It was also a kind of breathing that Zuo Mo hadn’t even heard of. Supposedly, it originated in the breathing of humans when they were embryos. They didn’t need to use mouth and nose to breath, but required to use the entire body as opening, take the air as thin strands and suck it in bit by bit before spreading it throughout the body. Hundreds of these tiny streams of air would circulate through the body, merge and then exhaled through the nose and mouth.
The holes and points on the body were like the stars in a galaxy. They couldn’t be measured. The nose and mouth were the biggest, the points on the body were second. The most abundant were those small, unable to be seen tiny holes that spread around the body.
Zuo Mo was very curious how the elder that had created this scripture had thought of such an outlandish method. Like goes with like. The scripture that Pu Yao, that crazy abnormal madman, threw out, it was just as abnormal as him.
He still couldn’t find a way to finish a whole embryonic breath.
Pu Yao’s words weren’t empty threats. It was clearly written in the [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation]. The last few days, he was really still using his nose and mouth to breath. No matter what, his first priority was stabilizing his spirit. If his spirit was unstable, just the occasional pain was enough to take Zuo Mo’s little life.
But when Zuo Mo’s consciousness managed to slightly stabilize, he would have to face a question. The question of completing a whole embryonic breath. One breath, it was the trademark of the introduction to [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation].
The deadline of three months was like a cloud over his head.
When he thought about the light of insanity in Pu Yao’s eyes when he talked about torture, Zuo Mo was certain if he really couldn’t achieve one breath in the three months and was facing a reversal of blood flow, Pu Yao would be watching in interest from the side at his painful state.
Such a tragic life!
Updated from lightnovelp/ub[.]com
Zuo Mo gritted his teeth and cursed the renyao inside, the fires of anger burning.
Suddenly, news from the sound tablet beside him aroused his attention.
“Continuing after the increase in price of the ling grains last month, this month’s ling grains price once again increases. The demand for high grade ling grains has greatly increased, pulling along the price of low-grade ling grains to also increase……”
He shook. The price of ling grains were rising! This was undoubtedly the best news he heard in the last few days.
Pu Yao suddenly came out: “Such an interesting thing.”
Zuo Mo started with wide eyes. A long pause later, he finally managed to react, pointing at Pu Yao, incoherently asking: “You you you ran out?”
Pu Yao blinked his dark red right eye: “Why why why can’t I come out?”
“Don’t you have to stay in the consciousness?” Zuo Mo asked dumbly.
“Who told you that?” Pu Yao turned to him, face baffled, as he asked in return.
Updated from lightno/velpub[./]com
Zuo Mo was speechless. Inside, he couldn’t help but wail. It seemed that he didn’t even have the last bit of bargaining power. So the other could really move out ……
Pu Yao listened for a while and yawned: “Oh, looks like a war is starting.”
“War?” Zuo Mo didn’t understand.
Pu Yao didn’t explain. He swept the sound tablet into his grasp, and faintly stated: “This thing is mine now.” Before the voice landed, he disappeared with the sound tablet.
“Damned renyao!” Zuo Mo’s furious shout echoed in empty yard.
At this time, he suddenly heard someone knocking on the door.
Zuo Mo was curious inside. Who could it be? Usually, no one would run to his place here. Running over and opening the door, Xiao Guo pitifully stood outside.
She was holding a clay pot in her hands. Seeing Zuo Mo, her body instantly shrunk back, and timidly greeted: “Shixiong.”
“What’s the problem now?” Zuo Mo rarely had a good mood for this little bit of trouble. For some reason, whenever he saw the timidity on Xiao Guo’s face, he could never control his tone of voice.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
“No no!” Xiao Guo shook her head like a rattle-drum, hurriedly explaning: “Xiao Guo has come to give something to Shixiong. Last time when Shixiong helped Xiao Guo, Xiao Guo hadn’t thanked Shixiong.”
As she spoke, her little mouth twisted, and the mist in her eyes rose, with tears in her voice, she muttered: “Xiao Guo doesn’t have jingshi……”
Seeing the direction wasn’t right, Zuo Mo hurriedly shouted: “Stop!”
Xiao Guo was frightened to shrink back even more, but her crying instantly disappeared.
She carefully put the clay pot in front of Zuo Mo and like a rabbit, she jumped back. She timidly looked at Zuo Mo and gathered her courage to say: “This is some soup Xiao Guo made, Shixiong……Shixiong, just take a sip, you just have to take one sit……”
Before she could finish speaking, she descended into incoherency, her face so red due to anxiety it almost bled. She couldn’t control it and covered her face as she turned and ran.
After running a few dozen steps, she suddenly stopped. Hesitating, she turned and yelled: “Shixiong, if it really doesn’t taste good, you ……you should throw it out……”
Zuo Mo watched as Xiao Guo disappeared and then at the clay pot in front of his feet. He bent down and lifted it.
The soup was still warm.
Visit /lightnovelpub[./]com for the best novel reading experience
Raising the clay pot, he took a mouthful. The soup was thick and fragrant.
“The taste isn’t bad.” Zuo Mo said to himself. He drained it to the bottom and turned, holding the empty pot, to go back to his room.
Pu Yao suddenly emerged, the crimson snake-like tongue unable to resist licking the lips, his two eyes gazing in the direction Xiao Guo disappeared in: “Such a tender little girl.”
Zuo Mo stared in shock at him.
Pu Yao turned around his peerlessly handsome face. At this time, he seemed like a gluttonous cat, the light flashing in his deep red eye: “Such good lucky, this little girl’s meat definitely would be very tender and delicious.”
Zuo Mo suddenly erupted, raising his hand to viciously throw the empty pot in his right hand at Pu Yao.
Bang, the pot cracked, the pieces scattering.
“Get lost!”
The Thousand Wings Ship stopped in midair.
New novel chapters are published on ligh/tnovelpub[.]com
Li Xian Er looked at the green moon star outside the window, her fine brows furrowed: “It’s seems that the little yao ran away. Uncle Chi Ye, has there been a reply from the sect?”
Chi Ye zhenren shook his head: “Miss, there are thousands of yaomo suppressed under the Yao Smelting Tower. And it was a long time ago, there’s nothing to research. Most of them came from the great battle three thousand years ago, captured by our sect’s supreme power. Most of these yaomo are ones of great power, difficult to kill so they were suppressed under the Yao Smelting Power, to be slowly destroyed. I’ve never though that these yaomo were this tenacious. After three thousand years, yet there were still survivors!”
Li Xian Er revealed a reminiscing expression: “Three thousand years ago, our sect was so strong!”
Chi Ye zhenren sighed as well: “Not just our sect. Three thousand years ago, each sect in in the cultivation world were far more powerful than now. The ten thousand strong alliance of the yaomo were completely eradicated by the elders. And it was that battle that the xiuzhe established today’s status.”
And then he gave an expression full of pity: “However, even though the yaomo were almost completely captured, but the xiuzhe were also greatly wounded. Only one in ten of the great powers remained. Many sects fell in that great war, countless scriptures were lost. Three thousand years, and the xiuzhe still cannot recover to the prosperity of the past. However, compared to us, the blow the yaomo suffered were even greater. These years, have you seen them ever break through the Bloody Sky Metropolis Jie?”
Li Xian Er listened, entranced. Even though it was history she already knew but hearing it each time, it still captured her mind.
“Grandpa is calling me back.” She pouted her little mouth, face full of unwillingness: “It was so hard getting a chance to come out, and this was so short and he’s urging me back. We didn’t even catch the little yao yet. If we return, it should wait after I catch the little yao.”
Chi Ye zhenren looked at the innocence on her face and a hint of indulgence flashed across his face, but he still urged: “Miss, the sect leader urging Miss to go back, it’s probably due to another matter.”
“What matter could there be?” She lightly snorted: “Probably just another genius of some sect that has come. Grandpa is really obsessed with those sword xiu lately. I really hate the sword xiu, each of them arrogant and disrespectful.”
This content is taken from lightno/velpu//b[.]com
Chi Ye zhenren smiled, replying: “These days, didn’t Miss play very happily with a sword xiu?”
“You mean that funny idiot, who said he’s a sword xiu?” Li Xian Er refuted.
“Tian Yue Jie is the territory of sword xiu. Here, out of ten people, nine are sword xiu.”
“Maybe he’s just that one.” Li Xian Er objected. She suddenly revealed a distressed expression: “Returning, I won’t have a way to use the little thousand cranes. It was so hard to find an interesting person, but I can’t play anymore.”
Seeing the vexation on her face, Chi Ye zhenren couldn’t bear it: “If Miss likes it, why don’t I make a transportation formation at Tian Yue Jie and get a disciple to guard it. Miss’ Thousand Guide Crane can come through the transportation formation. Once it gets over, the thousand guide crane can automatically find him.”
Li Xian Er was happy: “Uncle Chi Ye is the best! Haha, he probably still assumes that Xian Er’s paper crane is the normal little thousand cranes.”
Chi Ye zhenren’s heart was comforted, and he smiled, complimenting: “The thousand guide crane that Miss invented, even the elders in the sect praise it.”
Li Xian Er proudly pouted: “Of course!”



Chapter 19: Shixiong Wei Sheng
Chapter Nineteen Shixiong Wei Sheng
The breeze blew coolly. Again and again, Zuo Mo practised the finger movements. The fingers moved faster and fast, but suddenly, with a crisp sound, the fingers paused and turned into a mess.
This was already the seventh time.
Practicing finger motions today, he wasn’t successful once.
Exhaling a long breath, he supressed the fretfulness in his heart. The finger motions of [The Art of Flora] were complicated. If his mind wasn’t calm, it was easy to make mistakes. But how could Zuo Mo calm down his mind? Two months have passed but he still couldn’t complete one Embryonic breath. That wasn’t what made him most discourage was that he was unable to find the door. Before, no matter if he was studying [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] or the other four spells in the jade stick that he had brought, even if he temporarily could understand, but at the very least, he knew in which direction to work in.
But after he fixed his consciousness using [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation], he couldn’t find the direction. He wanted to spend more time, however, the amount of time spend practising [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] couldn’t be over four hours. The ball of light hadn’t explicitly stated why it couldn’t surpass four hours but Zuo Mo was suspicious it could cause harm so he didn’t dare to experiment.
According to the directions in the ball, he only needed to stop breathing with the nose and mouth before he would be able to turn to embryonic breathing.
But not matter how he close his breathing, the instinct for living always made him unconsciously open his mouth. He couldn’t even find the feeling of the embryonic breathing.
In the following two months, other than his consciousness recovering to full health, he hadn’t made any new breakthroughs.
In the rest of the time, he could only practise other spells. What was unexpected to him were that the great speeds his ling energy and spellwork improved. Especially his spellwork. Other than [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] and [Art of Aged Gold], in just two short months, he managed to elevate the remaining three spells to the second level.
This content is taken from li/ghtnovelpub[.]com
This kind of speed, even he found it unimaginable.
Other than joy, his heart was also worried. [Embryonic Breathing Spirit Cultivation] hadn’t improved at all. There was only one month left until the three month deadline. Whether a reversal of blood flow was as horrifying as Pu Yao said, he wasn’t clear, but any of the feelings he got from the four words were not good ones. He tried to ask for aid from Pu Yao, but Pu Yao’s sneer instantly provoked him.
For some unknown reason, he was easily enraged in front of Pu Yao.
The ling grains had a bountiful harvest. Compared to the other shixiong, the output of his ling grains were clearly higher. In the disaster last time, even though his ling grains were affected, but the situation had been much better than Old Black and the others. After that, he basically didn’t try to conceal it. [Art of Flora], [Art of Earth Energy], [Art of Aged Gold] were all used. Only [Art of Crimson Flame], due to the fact that it was opposite the yin attribute of the ling grains, was not used.
Adding on the five mu of ling fields in the yard, the overall output far surpassed his estimates.
Taking out the rent for the sect, he kept a portion of the ling grains for his own use before selling all of the rest. His income was sixty two pieces of second-grade jingshi. Adding on the fifteen pieces of second-grade jingshi from last last time from Li Ying Feng, his total assets now totalled seventy seven pieces of second-grade jingshi. The reason that he had profited so much was that the price of ling grains were increasing.
Even Old Black, so seriously affected by the calamity, had enough to pay the sect’s rent. It could be seen just how much the price of ling grains had grown on the market.
And the other thing that made Zuo Mo worried was Hao Min Shijie and Luo Li Shixiong. Up until now, those two still hadn’t returned to the sect. In the past few days, he had found that some of the ling herbs in the medicine fields of Cold Mist Valley were showing hints of illness. Taking care of ling herbs was an extremely meticulous job, much more care was needed than taking care of ling grains. His own [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] could only guarantee their water intake. From the perspective of the plant, this was just its most basic requirement.
In the short term, nothing could be seen, but as time passed, it was easy for problems to occur.
For more, visit lig/htno/velpub[.]com
At present, he was hard pressed. His purse had become the fullest it had ever been yet he didn’t have any joy.
The dammed [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation]!
The horrid Hao Min Shijie and Luo Li Shixiong!
And the twice-accursed Pu Yao!
Why was it that ge has such a kind heart yet have to face such evil? He wanted to cry.
In the previous few days, other than [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation], he spent all of the other time on [Art of Aged Gold]. In the five arts that a ling plant farmer required, at least three had to reach the third level. Zuo Mo’s [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] had already reached the fourth level. And in the four remaining arts, the one most likely to reach the third level was [Art of Aged Gold].
Today, he didn’t have the mood to practise [Art of Aged Gold]. He widened his eyes, frantically running over every word in [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] in his head. If his face could have expressions, then right now it would be twisted into a ball.
One month!
Only one month left!
Visit /lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
Biting the corner of his lip, he carefully thought over every word. Pu Yao was still sneering. This completely aroused the stubbornness in Zuo Mo’s bones.
The damned bastard!
By now, he finally understood why he was easily provoked in front of Pu Yao. Pu Yao could easily tear away a person’s disguise. He would explicitly or implicitly guide the other’s emotions and expose the other’s most basic personality. And once he knew that, to someone of such cunning like Pu Yao, swearing wouldn’t really provoke him, Zuo Mo didn’t try to restrain his own emotions anymore.
If he couldn’t vent, he felt that he would, under the damned renyao’s attacks, die!
As to suffering a little, he didn’t care. Even if he was obedient, would Pu Yao be kind to him? That would be clear even if one used a toe to think. It was better to get some back verbally, and he would feel better.
Ge is a little stalk of grass, no matter how you blow, you can’t blow me down!
Thud thud thud!
A series of urgent knocks sounded.
“Little Mo ge, Mo ge!”
Updated from lightnovelpub[.]com
It was Old Black, why did he come?
Zuo Mo controlled his fretful heart and stood to open the door.
Opening the door, as expected, it was Old Black’s wind-blown face, but there was a unfamiliar male standing beside him.
Seeing Zuo Mo, Old Black released a breath: “Oh good, you’re here!”
Finishing, he introduced the male beside him: “This is Wei Sheng Shixiong.”
Wei Sheng. Zuo Mo was slightly shocked. This male stranger in front of him was the head of the outer sect disciples, Wei Sheng. He couldn’t help staring an examination. Not very tall, thick and broad shoulders, square face, thick brows. He looked extremely honest, but the flickers of light that occasionally came from the pair of eyes made one unable to underestimate him.
“Wei Sheng Shixiong!” Zuo Mo made a greeting. Wei ShengShixiong rarely showed his face outside but his reputation within the outer sect disciples was extremely high. To have good relationships with this kind of person, there were only benefits and no drawbacks.
Wei Sheng scrutinized Zuo Mo for a few seconds and returned the greeting, smiling warmly and responding: “Zuo Mo Shidi is really hidden deep.”
Zuo Mo was slightly shocked but he wasn’t too surprised. Wei Sheng Shixiong’s cultivation was higher than him. His mouth was humble: “Shixiong over-compliments. Come, let’s come in to talk.”
Visit /lightn/ovelpub[.]/com for the best novel reading experience
The three walked into the yard.
Wei Sheng gazed at the surroundings and praised: “Such a big yard!”
And Old Black’s two eyes were rooted to the ling fields in the yard. A beat later, he said, vexed: “Why didn’t I think of this way! Isn’t this exempt from the rent?”
Zuo Mo smiled, saying: “I’m just taking advantage. I don’t know which shixiong built this yard, and put in five mu of ling fields. But it was a pity that it was barren for two long, the grade dropped one. One grade ling fields, at least it’s better than nothing.”
Old Black gave a sorrowful expression: “Such a pity to waste the good ling fields.”
Zuo Mo didn’t speak. He didn’t know if it was that Old Black had farmed for too long but towards ling fields, Old Black had an unique affection.
“Even the yard is all ling fields. Zuo Mo shidi really lives up to being a farming madman. It seems that I found the right person this time.” Wei Sheng added.
The three sat down under the old tree. Zuo Mo quickly boiled a pot of tea. His [Art of Crimson Flame] was only on the first level, and he could only form a small ball of fire which wasn’t very useful. But it was convenient to use to lit fires.
“Shixiong was looking for me?” Zuo Mo didn’t decline and headed straight for the main topic: “Have you encountered something? Shixi might be limited in cultivation, but if I can add in an effort, I will certainly do so.”
Visit /lightnovelpub[.]com for a better experience
Wei Sheng didn’t stand on courtesy: “Coming this time, it really is to trouble Shidi with something.” He carefully took out from his bosom a jade box. Opening the jade box, a flow of extremely thick ling energy wafted out, a stalk of ling herb inside. This ling herb was about thirty centimeters long, leaves fire red, a black line running through. Contrasting against the red leaves was a completely green fruit.
If the muscles on his face weren’t paralyzed, Zuo Mo’s expression would have been very rich. The ling plant that he couldn’t name was shockingly thick with ling energy. He cautiously took it up, putting it in front of his eyes for examination. The ling plant seemed to have been carved out of a piece of red fire jade, translucent and glowing.
Definitely third-grade and above!
In this segment of time, as he helped Hao Min shijie take care of the medicine fields in Cold Mist Valley, his knowledge in the subject of ling herbs broadened greatly. He might not be able to call out its name, but from the appearance and the ling energy it emitted, it was better than most of the ling herbs in Cold Mist Valley.
“This Fire Dragon Grass, its grade is a rare third-grade, and was very hard to find.” Wei Sheng’s expression was solemn: “There is still a length of time before I reach zhuji. In this time, I ask for Shidi to help take care of this fire dragon grass for me.”
“Take care?” Zuo Mo was surprised. His response was extremely quick, “Is Shixiong using this fire dragon grass to zhuji?”
If Wei Sheng didn’t say this was fire dragon grass, Zuo Mo probably wouldn’t have recognized it. Was it because it was third-grade? This fire dragon grass was very different from the one in Zuo Mo’s memory.
“Yes.” Wei Sheng nodded, his face calm.
At the side, Zuo Mo and Old Black couldn’t help but give an admiring look. There were many ling herbs that were required for zhuji, but only a few of the primary herbs were the crucial ones. Fire dragon grass was one of them but not the best choice because it needed to be consumed raw and its effects were violent. Someone without great willpower might not be able to endure the violent nature and cause the ling energy of the body to dissipate. These years, there were very few that would use it to finish zhuji.
This content is taken from li/g/htnov/elpub[/.]com
However, even though fire dragon grass was akin to a poison, but if one overcame it, it was extremely beneficial to the cultivation. The effect was much better than normal ling herbs.
But third-grade fire dragon grass, think how violent the effects would be!
In just a few words, Zuo Mo felt respect form for this shixiong that he just met for the first time. He had heard some of the rumors about Wei Sheng Shixiong. Supposedly, Shixiong had been orphaned from young. After he was taken into the sect, he was entranced with cultivating the sword. In order to learn a better sword art, he didn’t even hesitate about going to Luo Li Shixiong’s place to be a sword servant.
Meeting him today, Zuo Mo found that Wei Sheng Shixiong lived up to the rumors.



Chapter 20: Obsession
Chapter Twenty Obsession
He lowered his head to think for a moment before raising his head: “Shidi admires shixiong’s bravery. But the ling herb is third-grade, if it cannot be planted in third-grade or above ling fields, the ling energy would likely dissipate and the grade will drop.”
Wei Sheng’s expression changed but recovered. He smiled, responding: “If that’s the case, it will mean I won’t have to suffer the pain.”
Compared to the calmness on Wei Sheng’s face, there was heavy worry on Old Black’s face.
His heart considering for a second, Zuo Mo quickly organized his words: “Little brother might have a solution to try.”
“Oh, Shidi, please tell.” Wei Sheng’s mood roused.
“I have been requested by Hao Min Shijie to take care of the medicine fields in Cold Mist Valley. I saw that many of the fields in the valley are empty. We could plant it in the valley. I’m just worried if Hao Min Shijie returns before Shixiong enters zhuji, something will happen.”
Wei Sheng’s expression became joyful: “Shidi doesn’t have to worry. Hao Min Shijie and Luo Li Shixiong wouldn’t come back so quickly.”
Zuo Mo finally remembered that Wei Sheng Shixiong was Luo Li Shixiong’s sword servant. He probably knew where the two people had gone. He was naturally willing to be able to help Wei Sheng Shixiong, but thinking about the fact that Hao Min Shijie wouldn’t be returning soon, his mood instantly darkened. He was extremely careful everyday, fearful that something would go wrong in the medicine fields. It was like a hot potato.
Sorting out his emotions, Zuo Mo smiled, declaring: “Then it’s good. I will first congratulate Shixiong for successfully zhuji.”
Follow current novels on l//ightno/velpub[./]com
Wei Sheng waved his hand: “It’s too early to say those things.” Finishing, he took out a jade stick, handing it to Zuo Mo: “Shixiong doesn’t have many possession, and nothing to give out. This is some of the experiences that Shixiong had these years. Hopefully they would help Shidi.”
Zuo Mo was overcome with joy. He had always been along in learning with no one to discuss with. Wei Sheng Shixiong’s cultivation was only just higher than him, but his experiences and realizations were just what he needed and could use.
He wasn’t courteous and gleefully took it: “Many thanks, Shixiong.”
After the three chatted for a while, Wei Sheng and Old Black stood and made their farewells.
After the two left, Zuo Mo hurriedly took the fire dragon grass to Cold Mist Valley. The medicine fields in Cold Mist Valley were third-grade and Zuo Mo had been drooling after them. He didn’t know much about ling herbs but he knew what the price of third grade ling grains were!
Finding a patch of empty ground, he carefully planted the fire dragon grass. And then he cast [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]. The effect of the fourth level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] was extremely evident. The fire dragon grass quickly recovered its vitality, the leaves becoming even shiner.
Greedily inhaling the thick ling energy in the air, Zuo Mo exclaimed inside, third grade was really third grade!
He made another circle around the medicine fields. Finding no problems, he left.
When he returned home, the sky was already dark. Sitting on the rooftop, Zuo Mo suddenly thought if he couldn’t complete one breath in the one month of [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation], then wouldn’t he be hampering Wei Sheng Shixiong’s zhuji?
For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com
But then he turned it around. If he wasn’t successful, he wouldn’t even have a life left, how could he care about that?
Thinking about Wei Sheng Shixiong, he automatically took out the jade stick that Shixiong gave to him and sent ling energy into the jade stick.
Very quickly, he was entranced.
The jade stick described in fine details the realizations and experiences of Wei Sheng’s entire cultivation journey. It was extremely scattered in many places. It could be seen that it was only Shixiong would just casually record down whatever he thought.
The rumor that Shixiong was infatuated with the sword wasn’t false. The writings in the jade stick were scattered all over, not a system to be found, but the great majority were about sword xiu.
After reading for a while, Zuo Mo’s heart started to jump uncontrollably.
“Those of sword, enter the grounds of death, find life in death, like a wounded soldier, hold the resolution of death, attack with full power, nothing is undefeatable!”
“Travelling night, encounter over twenty Blood Duck Bats, hard battle, injured twenty one places, all slaughtered.”
“Streamside met Iron Ape, skin like steel, hard to wound with blade, tempted enemy two hundred so miles, wounded eye, no strength to chase.”
Follow current novels on lig/h/tnov/elpub[.]c/om
……
These phrases were all extremely short, yet the vicious and resolute aura came through the words. Life and death, they were the characters that appeared the most. The Wei Sheng Shixiong in the jade stick and the person he saw today were like two people.
What made the biggest impression on Zuo Mo and gave him the most shock were these few segments.
“Walked hundred days, finally saw nine rivers falling over sky, gazed from bottom, galloping and rolling, like the godly thunder of heaven, weight like thirty thousand catties, vast and unending, cannot be resisted. My heart follows, if aura of sword can be so, no regrets in death!”
“Sat and gazed three months, thought day and night, but due to dumbness, cannot find the meaning. Stood on top of waterfall seven days, not sleeping, not drinking or eating, suddenly comprehended. Fish jump following the water and down, moving among, forgetting life and death, consciousness clear, and finally found flavour! Broken bones thirteen, bedridden half year, loss hearing and sight, so practised in heart……”
Zuo Mo fell into a daze, muttering: “Insane!”
Such insanity, such obsession, it wasn’t anything he had ever thought of.
Under the stars, he sat on the roof, hand holding the jade stick as his thoughts wandered.
In his own world, there wasn’t anything that made him so crazy, so obsessed. He had great talent in the field of the five elements. He easily learned any kind of spells. He didn’t have high expectations for life. He put effort into learning and comprehending the five elements spell, it was only so that he could live a better life.
Updated from lightn///ovelpub[.]com
The obsession that Wei Sheng Shixiong had towards the sword, it gave him an unparalleled blow to his spirit. He could see the sweat and fresh blood behind each character.
Something inside his body seemed to be turning and vibrating, making him feel uncomfortable.
A long time later, his emotions gradually calmed down but he didn’t have any desire for sleep. Under the night sky, he just started to learn the sword motions according to the sword scripture in the jade stick.
There was a set of sword scriptures recorded in the jade stick. It was moves Wei Sheng Shixiong had picked out of the sword scriptures he practised and read everyday. Wei Sheng Shixiong had rich battle experience and these sword moves were extremely useful. There were not beautiful techniques, it was extremely simple to start with. It was a pity he didn’t have a flying sword. After motioning for a while, he could only sit down.
Once he sat down, he started to muse about [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] again.
[Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] was cryptic, but now he wasn’t discouraged at all, only ashamed. The obsession of Wei Sheng Shixiong deeply provoked him. Compared to Wei Sheng shixiong, what were the little difficulties that he ran into?
Alright, if he wanted to see ge’s humiliation, Pu Yao, wait for the next life!
Deeply inhaling a breath, he started to once again investigate this [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] that he couldn’t wrap his head around.
The days passed one by one. Other than going once a day to Cold Mist Valley, he didn’t take a step out any other time.
Follow current novels on lightn/ovelpub[.]com
In the sea of consciousness, Pu Yao sat on the gravestone and leisurely listened to the sound tablet.
Zuo Mo gritted his teeth but still went forward, fawningly asking: “Pu, what is really the main point of the first step of [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation]? I’m stupid, can’t you show a little bit?”
“The first step? Very simple, there’s no main point.” Pu Yao didn’t even raise his eyelids, still listening to the sound tablet.
Looking at the sound tablet that Pu Yao held on his leg, Zuo Mo thought that since asking didn’t work, then it had to be enticement.
He asked: “Pu, this sound tablet isn’t bad, right?”
“Pretty interesting.” Pu Yao inattentively responded.
“Do you want a better one?” Zuo Mo’s voice was like that of a strange uncle that was holding a lollipop to fool little girls.
For the first time, Pu Yao opened his right eye, the deep red pupils expressing interest: “Want.”
Zuo Mo shook his head: “If you help me explain [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation, I’ll buy a better one……”
New novel chapters are published on l/i/ghtnovelpub[.]c/om
“I can buy it myself.” Pu Yao said carelessly. He closed his eyes again, listening to the sound tablet.
Zuo Mo stared with an open mouth: “You have jingshi?”
“No.” Pu Yao’s eyes were still closed. With a face full of enjoyment, following the music that the sound tablet broadcasted, his body strangely swayed.
Zuo Mo released a breath, his tone smug again: “If there’s no jingshi, you can’t buy anything.” He suddenly realized, with Pu Yao’s strength, if he tried to snatch one, that wasn’t impossible! Or he could steal one, he definitely wouldn’t leave a trace.
“You have jingshi.” Pu Yao moved his body following the beat of the music.
“Then you have to explain……” Zuo Mo’s heart was comforted, and he continued to emphasize the relationship between jingshi and the sound tablet. Inside, he muttered: Thankfully he hadn’t thought to just use brute force.
Pu impatiently interrupted Zuo Mo. Holding out his right hand, he showed a handful of jingshi: “I can take it myself.”
Zuo Mo was dumbstruck, staring at the jingshi on Pu Yao’s hands. So familiar. After a silent moment, he suddenly gave a sky-shaking bellow like a beast in desperate straits.
“Damned renyao! You dare to move ye’s jingshi, ye will kill……”
This content is taken from lightnovelpub[.]com
Beside the pond in Cold Mist Valley, Zuo Mo gazed at the pond water, scared. The pond water was cold to the bone. He had touched it with his hand. Even now, the palm was still stiff.
There was only three days left until the last deadline. He still hadn’t made it past the gate of the first breath. Pu Yao still didn’t seem to care. Zuo Mo understood. This guy really didn’t care about his life and death. But in these many days, it wasn’t he hadn’t made any progress. He thought of a method. Right now, he was thinking of trying to find out if this method was right or not.
But……
The rushing waterfall couldn’t stop the coldness of the pond water from spreading. Just from beside the pond, he still could feel the oppressive coldness.
He nervously licked his lips. He didn’t want to try this method. But seeing that there were only three days left, he had no other choice. He hesitated for a moment, hardened his heart, closed his eyes, and jumped into the pool.
The bone-aching iciness of the pond water seemed to freeze his entire body into an ice cube in an instant. He couldn’t help shudder. He was like a rock, continuously sinking. The pond water flowed up his mouth and nose. The outside world seemed to have been blocked off, so quiet he could hear his own heartbeat.
After the initial panic, Zuo Mo quickly calmed down. He then followed [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] to move his breath.
He didn’t know if it was the stimulation from the cold pond water but he was abnormally alert, the movement of the breath was abnormally smooth.
After ten minutes, when his breath was almost consumed, the feeling of suffocation became even stronger.
Follow current novels on lig/htnov///elpub[.]com
Zuo Mo raised his awareness. He knew. The most crucial time had arrived. Before, everytime, it was at this step that he would unconsciously open his mouth to breathe. [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] didn’t have much elaboration on this step, as though in the eyes of the xiuzhe that created this scripture, this was the simplest thing.



Chapter 22: Breath
C’mon guys, vote! Thanks to those who have voted but for those who haven’t, it’s two clicks of the mouse, five seconds of your time. Clicking “I don’t care” would do.
Great big spoiler: Zuo Mo doesn’t die.
Chapter Twenty One One Breath
He didn’t know if [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] was correct. Even if he didn’t want to admit it, but with Pu Yao’s cunning, if he wanted this little life, he only had to curl his fingers. There wasn’t a need to use a half-accurate scripture to fool him. But with Pu Yao’s perverseness and strange sense of humor, finding ways of torturing him, that was almost certainly the case.
However, Pu Yao was usually very quiet. Other than forcing Zuo Mo to cultivate [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation], he didn’t make any other moves. There wasn’t any hint of tormenting. Zuo Mo couldn’t understand Pu Yao, and didn’t know what was Pu Yao’s true aims.
Pu Yao definitely had a goal.
Sometimes, this thought was extremely clear and certain in his mind. However, when he tried to think about it, he found it was as though he was facing a vast and deep ocean. You never knew what was really hidden at the bottom.
Maybe Pu was really trying to help him. Zuo Mo knew just how difficult it was to heal wounds of the spirit. If it wasn’t [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation], it would still be a question of whether he would be breathing right now.
Blaming Pu Yao, it seemed unreasonable.
It could only say that Pu’s strangeness and sense of perversion made him instinctively afraid.
Visit lightn/ovelp/ub/[.]com for a better experience
The most tragic thing was that no matter which kind it was, he had no space to rebel. No matter if this [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] was true or not, no matter what aims Pu Yao had, he had no room to rebel. In front of the kind of great existence that was Pu, he was pitifully weak. The only thing he could do was force himself to charge forward in hopes of finding that glimmer of light.
If it was really just tormenting, as one already in the situation, he would sink in Pu Yao’s torment or make it through.
Damn it! How did he provoke such a calamity!
Time passed drop by drop, accompanying the strong feeling of suffocation was terror that uncontrollably rose.
His awareness started to fade. He was completely unaware of the face his legs were instinctively moving, trying to rise out of the water. But he had been sinking the whole time and it was now too far from the surface.
Was he going to die?
Even this thought was incomplete, he was paralyzed, weak as he swam in the limitless ocean.
No!
I can’t die!
The most up-to-date novels are published on l/i/ghtnov/elpub[/.]com
He tried to struggle, tried to wake his own awareness.
But all of it was useless. Under the feeling of suffocation, his awareness slowly dissipated, became muddled.
Was he really going to die……
In a stupor, he seemed to hear someone was yelling.
“Don’t forget!”
……
“Even in death, you must not forget!”
……
For some reason, those two phrases that he considered nightmares seemed to be like a large hand that suddenly pulled him back from unconsciousness.
The most up-to-date novels are published on light/no/velpub[.]com
I can’t die!
Zuo Mo used up the last remaining strength in his body, furiously shouting soundlessly inside! His body shook violently like a sieve, the blood vessels under his skin quickly expanding, visible to the naked eye. Raven black and thick, twisting and turning like earthworms, covering the entire body, unspeakably terrifying.
That breath at the chest that had become extremely weak turned into a candle flame, a flame that could be easily extinguished.
Yet this weak feeble candle flame became a prairie fire, lighting up the sea of consciousness –– like lighting up firewood that was bone dry and then soaked in oil. Dark red flames, spitting and roaring, followed the ground in the sea of consciousness, rolling forwards. The grasses and woods instantly turned to dust. Nothing could stop it.
In the blink of an eye, the consciousness became a burning hell. Endless dark red flames flickering in every corner of the sea of consciousness.
The bright and hot red fire recklessly danced. On the strange black gravestone shrouded in black smoke, there sat a handsome male with a strange cold face. No one was able to forget his beautiful and enticing features.
The sound tablet was on his knee, the concentrated sounds of the zither were like a hurricane that made people unable to breathe!
The red sea of fire burned soundlessly. Under the hair that blocked half his face, Pu’s thin blade-like lips imperceptibly rose on one side. Just as usual, enchanting yet cold.
Zuo Mo curiously examined the surroundings. After achieving one breath, his perception of the surroundings changed dramatically. It was hard to explicitly describe. It was as though the surroundings had been cleaned, changed beyond recognition. This feeling was extremely unique. It took a long time for him to get used to it. The other change was his sea of consciousness. Right now, it had turned into a sea of fire. A sea of fire that might extinguish sometime.
The source of this content is lightnovelpub[.]com
Other than that, he didn’t have any new discoveries. As to whether [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] had any good attributes, he didn’t have any high hopes. He was just a guy that wanted to be a ling plant farmer. What did he need such a strong consciousness for? If he could pass this obstacle, keep his little life, he was content.
The game was too dangerous. Ge won’t play.
Thinking about the danger yesterday, there were still lingering fears.
However, the sharp sword hanging over his head finally disappeared. He could finally release a breath. He resolutely decided that no matter what Pu Yao gave him next time, he wouldn’t take it if it meant his heath. The painful experiences gave him a hard lesson. To steal benefits from Pu Yao’s hands, that was an action leading to death.
Zuo Mo found his own little life very precious.
Pu Yao didn’t seem to care if he was practising [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation]. Everyday, he guarded his new sound tablet, endlessly amused.
Every time he saw the brand-new sound tablet that was higher in quality than the one in his hands, he would feel pain. Ten pieces of second-grade jingshi was wasted. His teeth hurt. His heart sour, he could only hold in the tears as he took the sound tablet that Pu Yao was preparing to throw away. That was, his old sound tablet that Pu Yao had taken from his hands.
Enamored with the new, bored with the old. This was another bad habit that he found on Pu Yao’s body.
But coming back to it, did Pu Yao have any good habits?
For more, visit lightnov//elpub[.]com
[Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation]was like a small detour in his life, and Pu Yao seemed to have put away his perverseness, silent as a virgin. It made Zuo Mo feel unaccustomed. But malicious curses like “Renyao is just renyao, do you think if you don’t speak, you can turn into a woman?” naturally weren’t avoidable.
What made him happy was that he sped through the five elements spells. He didn’t know if it was because he completed the one breath. Many of the fuzzy part previously were abnormally clear now, easily realized.
He became even more motivated.
He didn’t have any interest in something as strange as [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation]. The kind of things like [Art of Aged Gold] which could get him real things like jingshi, and spells were his true love!
He was like a monk, living an extremely dull life each day. Cultivating [Ten Principles Scripture], accumulating ling energy, again and again, practising all kind of spells, finger motions. Just like when he had practised [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], he furiously cultivated.
The one that had the most improvement was [Art of Aged Gold]. Presently, the aged gold energy was dark gold, the light subdued, changing according to his wishes. And compared to before, there was now an addition of a hint of imposingness. Even though it was extremely faint, but in actual use, the effects multiplied and made Zuo Mo gleeful.
It wasn’t strange that [Art of Aged Gold] improved since the most important aspect of [Art of Aged Gold] was consciousness. Even though he had just finished one breath in [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] but compared to before, his consciousness was much stronger. So it was expected that [Art of Aged Gold] would improve. What made him surprise was that [Art of Earth Energy] also improved much.
The crucial factor in [Art of Earth Energy] was communication and perception. Did his consciousness help with communication and perception?
He didn’t know, but since it was a good thing, he went with the flow and didn’t examine it deeper.
Updated from lightnovelpub[.]com
Zuo Mo was in the yard as he practised [Art of Aged Gold], when suddenly a calm and authoritative voice echoed through Wu Kong Mountain.
“Outer sect disciple Li Ying Feng, continuously practised and broke through to zhuji. From today, she is formally taken into this sect’s inner disciples. Outer sect disciples should take this as an example, cultivate relentlessly in order to reach the right result!”
This voice wasn’t loud but clear. It rippled through Wu Kong Mountain and reverberated endlessly.
Li Ying Feng managed to successfully zhuji? Zuo Mo couldn’t help but admire and feel happy for Li Ying Feng Shijie. He hadn’t interacted for a long time with Li Ying Feng Shijie, the two of them even had a misunderstanding but he admired this brisk and clever Shijie. This was the role model a shijie should be. In comparison, Hao Min Shijie was greatly lacking.
His life wasn’t affected by the news. His interest in zhuji was much smaller than to become a ling plant farmer. Zhuji was the first great step to cultivation, but other than achieving jindan, there wasn’t much of a difference in lifespan compared to a normal person. As to jindan, don’t even think about it, not just an outer sect disciple like him, even among those inner sec disciples, how many would achieve jindan?
And if he became a ling plant farmer, that was true and real jingshi.
He continued to bury himself in practising his spells. To something he decided on, he never was remiss. Just like practising [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], without anyone to teach him, he cast it again and again. He didn’t know how many thousands of times he casted, but he managed to fill up the large pond in the yard using [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]. Just like that, he managed to achieve the third level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain].
His cultivation was interrupted by an uninvited guest. The one who came was the one who just became an inner sect disciple, Li Ying Feng Shijie.
“Congratulations, Shijie for successfully zhuji!” Zuo Mo smiled as he congratulated, but his expressionless features made it weird.
Visit lightnov/elpu/b/[.]/com for a better experience
“Shidi is too polite.” Li Ying Feng’s face was full of joy as she responded: “It won’t be long before I would probably hear shidi’s good news.” In Li Ying Feng’s heart, this shidi that kept himself concealed in the dark, it wouldn’t be unexpected to her if he completed zhuji. Behind her, there were three other female disciples, Xiao Guo among them.
Zuo Mo hurriedly said: “It’s still early, still early. Shijie, please.”
Xiao Guo’s adorable and tender apple face was still timid. Zuo Mo suddenly felt this little girl was really bashful. Taking advantage of when Li Ying Feng turned, he blinked his eyes at Xiao Guo. As expected, Xiao Guo’s face flushed red.
After everyone was seated, Li Ying Feng declared her intentions: “Coming this time, it’s to ask for a favour from Shidi.”
Zuo Mo was surprised.
Seeming to have detected Zuo Mo’s puzzlement, before he could ask, Li Ying Feng herself answered the question, lightly sighing: “Entering the inner sect, in the future, I’m afraid I won’t have the time again to care for these sisters. Shidi’s growing skills, no one in the sect can compete, Shijie can only come with a thick face to beg.”
Zuo Mo hurriedly deflected: “Shijie, please tell.” In the future, Li Ying Feng was an inner sect disciple. As long as Zuo Mo would still stay in Wu Kong Sect for one more day, he wouldn’t offend them.
Li Ying Feng took out a small bag, putting it on the stone table, informing: “This is twenty pieces of second-grade jingshi. It’s a little bit of regard from Shijie. Shidi, don’t decline. Shidi, if you are free, spend some time at the Eastern Peak and attend a bit. Their lives aren’t easy. If something like last time occurred, with Shidi’s help, they wouldn’t have no one to ask for aid.”
Beside her, Xiao Guo’s mouth twisted and the rims of her eyes instantly turned red, the other two also had red eyes.
Visit light/nov/el/pub[/.]com for the best novel reading experience
Zuo Mo sighed inside. Compared to Wei Sheng Shixiong the eldest shixiong who only had cultivation, Li Ying Feng, as the eldest shijie, was undoubtedly more competent. Only now did he understand why her reputation among the female disciples was so high.
Thinking, Zuo Mo pushed the bag back in front of Li Ying Feng, declaring: “Helping each other, it is a part of friendship. Shijie, don’t worry, Shidi will do his best.”
Xiao Guo stared with wide eyes at Zuo Mo. The other two females also had strange expressions on their faces. They couldn’t understand why this money-grubbing zombie changed his personality this time.
Li Ying Feng shook her head and pushed the jingshi again in front of Zuo Mo: “Shidi, don’t decline. The sect has provisions for the inner sect disciples each month. Shejie doesn’t lack for jingshi. But Shidi, you aren’t far from zhuji, so you would most likely need it soon. Having some jingshi, it’s just in case.”
The strange expression on the three female’s faces turned to shock.
Zhuji? This ill-tempered zombie shixiong was going to zhuji soon?
To be called nearing zhuji, at the very least, it had to be eight level of lianqi and above. They were frightened out of their wits by shijie’s words. A cultivation of lianqi eighth level in the outer sect disciples could be counted on one hand. Even Guo Lu Shixiong was just at lianqi seventh level. And among the female disciples of the outer sect, other than Li Ying Feng who just entered zhuji, the highest person was just lianqi sixth level. In the outer sect disciples, other than Wei Sheng, Zuo Mo’s cultivation was the highest.
This zombie-face, he was actually the second best in the outer sect disciples!
This was something they would have never thought about.
Follow current novels on /lightnovelpub[.]com
Originally planning to grant a boon to Shijie, Zuo Mo saw the situation and didn’t stand on courtesy, and accepted the jingshi: “Then many thanks, shijie.”
“It should be me that gives thanks to Shidi.” Li Ying Feng smiled and informed: “After I leave the Eastern Peak, Xiao Guo will be responsible for communicating with Shidi. Her personality is soft and obedient. Shidi, don’t bully her.”
Zuo Mo couldn’t help laugh: “What is Shijie talking about, my temper is the best.”
“That’s good.” Li Ying Feng nodded. On the side, Xiao Guo wrinkled her adorable nose, clearly disagreeing with the words.
She turned to show a dark face and said to the three people: “In the future, if you have any questions, find Zuo Mo Shixiong, he’ll help you solve them. Zuo Mo Shixiong’s words are my words. If someone doesn’t listen, I will personally punish!”
“Yes! Shijie!” The three females replied.
As expected from the eldest shijie. Just this bearing, no disciples in the younger generation could compete. Zuo Mo couldn’t help but compliment inside
After chatting for a while, Li Ying Feng left with the three other females.
Zuo Mo suddenly didn’t have any interest in cultivation. This was a society with strict classes. Like Li Ying Feng Shijie, after successfully zhuji, she had to bid farewell to the life of an outer sect disciple. She had to aim for even higher goals, no matter if it was her own goal or the needs of the sect.
Visit lightnov/elpub[.//]com for the best novel reading experience
The lifespan of a jindan was about three hundred years. Before that, zhuji, ningmai, and lianqi didn’t have any differences in lifespan.
His own sect was temporarily deficient in manpower and had been for a long time.
Including the leader of the sect, the shishu were all jindan. This was the basic reason that Wu Kong Sword Sect had expanded so well these past years. However, even the youngest shishu, Shi Feng Rong was more than two hundred years old. And among the disciples of the second generation, there wasn’t even a ningmai disciple, much less a jingdan. If there wasn’t a successor, Wu Kong Sect, not a very big sect to begin with, would quickly decline.
No matter which jie, a sect, once it declined, it was harder to rise again than to reach the heavens.
Why did he suddenly become so melancholic? Zuo Mo shook his head. Suddenly, he thought of the third-grade fire dragon grass that Wei Sheng shixiong gave into his care. Li Ying Feng Shijie had already entered zhuji, Wei Sheng Shixiong must be close as well. Thinking about it, the desire to go to Cold Mist Valley formed.



Chapter 23: Apparition
Something astounding happens (not to Zuo Mo).
The results are in. With almost 400 votes, the majority (59%) is to keep italics. Only 8% said no to keep italics and 34% of voters didn’t care. So the italics are here to stay.
Chapter Twenty Three Apparition
Zuo Mo looked in shock at Wei Sheng Shixiong.
The clothing on Wei Sheng shixiong’s body was ripped to shreds, his entire person an unsheathed sword, exuding a heavy presence. This felt strange to Zuo Mo. Suddenly the term appeared in his mind –– sword essence!
Zuo Mo suddenly realized: “Congratulations Shixiong!”
Hearing this, Wei Sheng smiled. The sword essence surrounding his body seemed to have been pushed by an invisible hand, suddenly vibrating. The small pebbles on the ground were all thrown up in the air, dust rising. In just a few seconds, the ground underneath his feet was cut into a shallow hole by the invisible sword essence.
“My apologizies, Shidi. My cultivation is limited and cannot control it.”
“Shixiong needs the fire dragon grass?” Zuo Mo waved his hand, indicating that he didn’t mind. This was the first time he saw someone preparing to zhuji and he was extremely curious.
“Thanks for the trouble, Shidi.” Wei Sheng helplessly moved his feet. The dirt hole under his feet was almost up to his knees.
The source of this content is lightno/velp/ub[.]c/om
Understanding that Wei Sheng was at a crucial time, Zuo Mo didn’t waste words: “Shixiong, please come with me.” Finishing, he started to sprint in the direction of Cold Mist Valley.
Behind him came the continuous sound of cracking. Anywhere that Wei Sheng Shixiong passed, there were criss-crosses of fine cuts on the ground, little pebbles sent flying away.
The two very quickly ran to Cold Mist Valley. Zuo Mo threw out: “Shixiong, please wait a moment.” He then entered the mist and in a short while came back out holding the bright red fire dragon grass. He carefully put the grass on the ground and then quickly jumped to one side.
The fine and scattered sword essences creating a shroud around Shixiong were extremely damaging. His heart had trembled on the way here.
Wei Sheng bent down to grab the fire dragon grass. He saw the fire dragon grass was like a ball of fire, the color even brighter than before.
Joy appeared on Wei Sheng’s face. His expression solemn, he bowed to Zuo Mo: “Many thanks Shidi!”
Finishing, Wei Sheng Shixiong quickly left.
Zuo Mo stared dazedly at Wei Sheng Shixiong’s back. This was the first time he saw a person’s state right before they were going to zhuji. It was completely different from what he had imagined. So when Li Ying Feng Shijie was entering zhuji, was it something like this as well?
Zhuji, it was called the first barrier for xiuzhe. As expected, it really was extraordinary!
New novel chapters are published on l///ig/htnovelpub[.]com
His mind was slightly distracted all day. The scene of Wei Sheng’s sword essence flying around gave him a tremendous shock. And he still hadn’t heard the voice that had announced last time when Li Ying Feng Shijie had successfully zhuji.
Would it have failed? His heart was full of worry. On its own, fire dragon grass was like a violent poison. Just the slightest misstep and the ling energy would collapse. Even more, what Wei Sheng Shixiong had taken was a third-grade fire dragon grass!
He had only met Wei Sheng Shixiong twice but this steel-hearted, indomitable Shixiong made him admire. Before this, he had always felt that he was a very hardworking person, but compared to Shixiong, he wasn’t even worth a mention.
At midnight, Zuo Mo sat on the roof, absent-mindedly listening to the sound of the sound tablet’s broadcast, the worry inside even greater.
Just at this time, an extremely blinding light suddenly ascended from a certain location in the mountain, thrusting up at the sky.
Clang!
Like a treasure sword being unsheathed, iron and stone striking, resonating in Wu Kong Mountains!
With such a large commotion, the other disciples were all startled awake, each one running out, their faces full of awe as they looked at the sword-like light that seemed to have pierced the heavens.
On the rooftop, Zuo Mo’s expression was also dumbstruck. Inside, he was both happy and surprised. Happy because this presence was Wei Sheng Shixiong! What made him surprised was that this sword-like light gave him tremendous pressure!
Visit lightno///velpub[./]com for a better experience
He couldn’t help but think of the snow white sword essence that had wounded his sea of consciousness. The two were extremely alike, but while this one wasn’t as vast and icy as the snow white sword essence, Shixiong’s sword essence had a honest and concentrated flavour.
Zuo Mo’s understanding of the sword was pitiful, but in that instant, he was certain that it was Shixiong’s sword essence. He dazedly stared at this sword tip that was thrusting into the clouds, both happy and envious.
There wasn’t much of a sound when Li Ying Feng Shijie had zhuji. The fact that Shixiong’s zhuji had influenced the sky, he was really awesome!
Such an apparition, not just Wu Kong Mountain was alerted, but the sects in the surroundings were all alarmed. He could see countless swords flying like meteors over.
No one noticed that at some unknown time, the sect leader and the other shishu were already waiting in the sky.
“Our sect will rise!” The third shishu Yan Le’s voice was slightly trembling. There wasn’t a hint of the smile that was usually hanging on his face. Just the reverse, there were tears.
The sect leader Pei Yuan Ran also couldn’t bear it. Right there in the sky, he suddenly knelt down, facing the east, his voice choked as he kowtowed three times: “This unworthy disciple thanks our sect’s ancestors for your protection! Protecting our sect’s passage to continue!”
Raising his head, tears streamed down his face.
Yan Le and Xin Yan also knelt down, knowtowing three times towards the east.
This content is taken from lightnovelp/ub[.]com
The three stood, each of them smiling from ear to ear, like they were drunk. Even Xin Yan, the one most stern usually, had a slight blush on his face.
“Such a pity fourth Shimei is still travelling and hasn’t returned. Otherwise, if she saw this scene, it’s unknown how gratified she would be.” Pei Yuan Ran’s expression recovered as he sighed ruefully.
Yan Lei felt the same: “To be able to see this, I have no regrets left in this life.”
Pei Yuan Ran berated: “Shidi, don’t speak nonsense. Our sect is going to rise. We need to put in all our effort and nurture Wei Sheng, so that we will not disappoint the expectations our previous teachers have.”
Yan Le nodded: “Shixiong is right.” He suddenly turned his face, brows furrowing and said, slightly displeased: “There’s a lot of guests today!”
A cold light flashed through Pei Yuan Yan’s eyes, his voice calm as he ordered: “But tonight isn’t the time to receive them. Second Shidi, do not let them disturb Wei Sheng.”
“Yes!” Xin Yan, who had calmed down, was as stern and grave as iron and stone. Just the one word was full of ice.
No matter if it was the xiuzhe that were flying towards Wu Kong Mountains or the outer sect disciples raising their heads to look, they all felt a snow white light flash across their eyes! Before they could react, a terrifying sword essence, vast and filled with an apocalyptic presence, spread over their heads!
Everyone stilled in shock, uncontrollably retreating.
Updated from /lightno//velpu/b[.]com
A gigantic snow white dragon, taking over half of the sky, moved its nimble body as it flew in the night sky. That pair of eyes like ice crystals were full of arrogance. From very far away, a cold and fierce presence could be felt.
Only at this time did the people remember, Wu Kong Mountains had four xiuzhe that were jindan!
“Is it [Ice Dragon Sword]?” An ancient sounding voice came from far away.
Xin Yan raised his eyelids, desire for battle flickering through his eyes, as he responded frigidly: “This one is Xin Yan.”
On Wu Kong Mountains, all the outer sect disciples, with raised faces, sighed in shock. Xin Yan shishu, who usually had a stone face, actually had such a big reputation.
The person from far away didn’t speak.
“It is too late today, and coincidentally, it is the time that this young disciple is zhuji. We really cannot receive everyone and have to disturb you. Please forgive us. Why don’t everyone find another day to come. This sect will prepare for your arrival.” Pei Yuan Yan’s authoritative voice could be heard near and far.
“Didn’t think my Dong Fu would have someone as skilled as [Ice Dragon Sword]. Sorry for the discourtesy! Wu Kong Sword Sect will soon prosper, this poor cultivator Tian Song Zi first congratulates you. Today is inconvenient, then I will disturb at some other day!” The voice echoed until it couldn’t be heard any longer.
The cultivators in the surroundings were greatly surprised. They hadn’t thought the person who came was Tian Song Zi. Tian Song Zi was renowned in the entire Dong Fu. He was the descendant of Dong Fu xianren, and the true ruler of Dong Fu.
Updated from /lightnovelpub[.]com
Even Pei Yuan Ra was surprised. He hadn’t thought that the disturbance here would startle Tian Song Zi. Tian Song Zi’s reputation was extremely high in Dong Fu, his rumoured cultivation was also astounding.
But he truly was a leader of a sect. He held his composure and shouted: “Take care, elder!”
The xiuzhe that had wanted to explore saw the situation and tactfully scattered away. Someone that even Tian Song Zi would treat respectfully, they wouldn’t dare be rash. Smart people recognized that Wu Kong Sword Sect’s position would rise in Dong Fu.
Most of them knew that Wu Kong Sword Sect had four jindan xiuzhe. However, normally Wu Kong Mountain rarely conversed with outsiders. The four, other than Yan Le who was mainly in charge of the operations, the other three basically didn’t step outside the doors to the mountain.
Intelligent people decided to go find out more about [Ice Dragon Sword]. Such a strong person, yet silently living in a little mountain, it was really puzzling.
Zuo Mo didn’t hear a word of the conversation between the sect leader and Tian Song Zi. He stared, dumbstruck, at the snow white dragon that was swimming in the night sky.
Just like he could conclude that the sword energy that was piercing the sky was due to Wei Sheng Shixiong, he recognized that snow white dragon that was twisting in the sky. It was that sword essence that was in his sea of consciousness. On the outside appearance, the two were greatly different, but for some reason, he was abnormally certain that this dragon and the white sword essence that he had only seen two times weren’t inherently different.
He blanked. So that night, it had been shishu!
This conclusion made his heart leap.
This content is taken from lig//htnovelpub[.]com
He suddenly remembered the main culprit was still in his consciousness! This thought instantly made his heart madly shake.
If the sect leader and the others knew that Pu was in his consciousness……
He couldn’t help but shudder, his teeth chattering.
He looked again at the snow dragon in the sky, coldness creeping up his heart. He always had the feeling that this snow dragon could discover Pu Yao at any time and then would unhesitatingly swoop down and tear him to pieces!
This feeling became stronger and stronger. He even felt that the gigantic dragon was always staring at him.
His soul leaping, he couldn’t do anything except frantically escaping down the rooftop and shrinking back into his rooms.
When he returned to the seclusion room, he finally recovered.
After a few seconds, his heartbeat calming, his tongue was dry.
The damned Pu Yao! Zuo Mo couldn’t help but curse again inside.
This content is taken from lightnovel/pub//[.]com
He suddenly remembered that Pu Yao could come out on his own. This thought made him instantly panicked. Pu Yao, that crazy maniac, don’t create a disturbance now!
He quickly sat, forcing his heart to calm and entered his consciousness.
His sea of consciousness seemed to have a violent wind blowing, the dark red flames furiously dancing, like a crowd of beautiful naga twisting their heart-stopping waists. Pu wasn’t sitting on the gravestone like he normally did, but was standing in front of the grave stone like a spear. The smooth satin-like black clothing flapping in the wind, the black hair flying in front of his forehead but still covering his left eye.
His blood-red right eye was deep as he gazed at the gravestone.



Chapter 24: Finding a Different Way
Conversion rates for jingshi are terrible. Sometimes, Zuo Mo has a very practical understanding of himself. The cultivation world also has its own version of a forum/jobs market.
One chapter close to a fight (more like a skirmish, but fighting action!) Considering how the author wrote Zuo Mo dealing with aphids, don’t have very high hopes for this first battle. Also, Zuo Mo might be the MC but in some ways, Wei Sheng is more like the typical MC (which is what some Chinese reviewers had said). Time spent on Wei Sheng is story development and he really is Zuo Mo’s role model at the moment. If you expect Zuo Mo to go at everything alone… … not this story.
Chapter Twenty Four Finding a Different Way
After the ruckus last night, no one in Wu Kong Sword Sect got a good night of sleep. In comparison to the other disciples who had gather together to excitedly discuss, Zuo Mo was frightened awake. Right now, he was on the same boat as Pu Yao. When he saw the snow dragon, his brain had exploded. Before, he still had a delusion, but now his heart was restless.
His heart nervous, if he wasn’t extremely fond of this place, he would instantly pack his things and escape without a trace.
After being scared witless for a few days and seeing that nothing had happened, his heart finally landed back above his stomach.
Wei Sheng Shixiong was thrust into the limelight this time. In the area around Dong Fu, the news that a genius of Wu Kong Sword Sect appeared out of the blue, the sword energy piercing the heavens when he entered zhuji instantly made a buzz. As expected, Wei Sheng Shixiong quickly was taken by the sect head as his disciple, personally bestowing down a fourth grade flying sword [Splitting Rainbow], and the person teaching him however was Xin Yan Shishu. When the previous inner sect disciples had received their swords, it had all been third-grade flying swords. Even the most talented Luo Li Shixiong wasn’t an exception.
Such favour, it was the first time for Wu Kong Sword sect. And the one who received the sword had been an outer sect disciple previously. When all the outer sect disciples discussed this matter, they all had proud expressions on their faces. But even more was envy that was unable to be hidden. An outer sect disciple that once was a sword servant, skyrocketing to become the most valued second generation disciple, Wei Sheng Shixiong’s experience was almost every outer sect disciple’s dream.
Other than more admiration, Zuo Mo wasn’t shocked. He believed that anyone who had seen that jade stick that he had would be just as clam as he was.
He admired, but he would not copy Wei Sheng Shixiong. He didn’t have that obsession inside. Fundamentally, he was a lazy person. He was working hard now just so that he could be lazy in the future.
For more, visit light//novelpub[.]/com
Pu Yao also seemed to have recovered. Just like usual, he sat on the gravestone and listened to the sound tablet.
The sea of consciousness hadn’t changed, expect that the flames seemed bigger. Zuo Mo didn’t know if it was just his imagination. In any case, it was just a patch of red.
The agitated Wu Kong Mountain finally calmed down. Zuo Mo’s life also calmed down. What he reminisced about the most was the life he had before all the apprehension and worry. His life returning to normal, his heart became much peaceful. However, he met trouble.
A ling plant farmer required three kinds of spells to reach the third level. Zuo Mo’s [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] was at the fourth level. Right now, the one that he had that was most likely to reach the third level was [Art of Aged Gold].
He even knew how to break through to the third level of [Art of Aged Gold].
Using sword scriptures to manipulate the aged gold energy was the crucial factor. It was the method that Pu Yao had pointed out that day for him to kill the silver horned worms. This road also proved his previous hypothesis that [Art of Aged Gold] was a certain kind of offensive spell.
But Zuo Mo wasn’t dumb. He detected the fishiness. If he walked down this road, then he needed to strength his consciousness. The aged gold sword wasn’t really a sword. If he didn’t have the spiritual power, he couldn’t manipulate it. He experienced that deeply when he exterminated the silver horned worms this time. If his spiritual power had been greater, then the power of the little aged gold sword definitely would have multiplied. If it moved according to his wishes, the sword moves also would be able to unleash their full power.
Strengthening his consciousness, then he would have to face a problem, practising [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation]!
No wonder Pu Yao had been so generous. He was waiting there.
For more, visit /lightnovelpub[//.]com
Originally Zuo Mo, who had been irritated at not finding a way to elevate his [Art of Aged Gold] was now having a headache because he could not level up.
Hesitating for a long while, in the end he still decided not to raise his [Art of Aged Gold].
Didn’t a ling plants farmer need three kinds of spells to reach the third level? At the very worst, he’ll pick two others from the remaining three spells.
[Art of Flora], [Art of Crimson Flame], and [Art of Earth Energy]. He had practised them all to the second level.
But no matter which two, he had only just arrived at the second level. It was far from entering the third. Originally [Art of Aged Gold] had been the only he had the greatest confidence in reaching the third level, but now he had to put it to one side. He really was depressed.
Thankfully he still had jingshi on his hands!
At the worst, he could go search to see if there was any jade sticks related to this area that was being sold. The jade stick that he had brought before was just a normal one. It described all five spells but in most places, it just brushed over, and a direction could barely be found. For the majority, it still needed him to comprehend for himself. Most of the jade sticks that were on the market were this version. The true premium ones were with the large sects. Even when it wandered onto the market, it was extremely expensive.
In some of the top sects, before each xiuzhe died, they would use their consciousness to leave behind what they had learned in their lives in the jade sticks and pass them on. These were the highest jade sticks. The jade sticks that held the consciousness and understandings of the elders were distributed to the disciples in the sect with the greatest potential.
These young disciples would change themselves in one night, greatly shortening the time they needed to spend cultivating.
New novel chapters are published on li//ghtnov//elpub[.]com
But for normal xiuzhe, they didn’t even need to think about this kind of things. It was better to walk step by step. Not just that, it was like they were on a dangerous and misty mountain road, carefully climbing up. As to whether they would walk an indirect route, fall and break into pieces, that depended on each individual’s luck.
Adding on the twenty pieces of second-grade jingshi that Li Ying Feng gave, Zuo Mo’s wealth was the greatest it had ever been, even though Pu Yao had spent a large amount. Zuo Mo couldn’t help but sigh, even though everyone was cultivating, but of those that were outstanding, how many didn’t have anything to their name? Li Ying Feng shijie’s family was wealthy. Giving out tens of second-grade jingshi, her eyes didn’t even blink. This kind of manner, Zuo Mo was deeply envious.
His pouch was fat, his cultivation was hindered, it was natural that Zuo Mo thought about using jingshi to solve the problem. His goal this time was to buy a jade stick about one spell. There were very few people who could practise all five kinds of spells at the same time. But there should be more people who were skilled in one or two types.
This kind of spells definitely wouldn’t be cheap. He would probably bleed a lot this time but he had no other choice.
Riding the creaking Xiao Huang, he slowly made his way to Dong Fu again.
As one of the most important towns of Tian Yue Jie, the development of Dong Fu was very good and had attracted a wave of pretty good xiuzhe. Basically, all the normal requirements could be satisfied here, especially to the kind of lianqi cultivators such as Zuo Mo.
In a moderately sized store, Zuo Mo’s body was almost lying on the desk, his eyes unblinking as he stared at the other.
“Bro, I’m saying, just buy another one, it’s really not expensive. If you want to fix it, and add more ling energy, it wouldn’t be cheaper than buying a new one, and it can’t level up.” The person was holding Zuo Mo’s flying paper crane, Xiao Huang, as he said in a seasoned tone.
Looking at the visible cracks on the paper crane, Zuo Mo was slightly unwilling. After all, this was his first steed. Gritting his teeth, he said: “Just fix it for me, naturally I wouldn’t give less for the cost.”
Updated from lightnove/lpub[.]com
The other shrugged indifferently: “Whatever you say.”
He took out all kinds of tools. First he cut out several lengths of green thin bamboo to reinforce the skeleton. Then he glued the cracks in the yellow paper, cutting off the frayed edges. He took out a brush, using cinnabar to carefully mend the seal arrangement before adding in ling energy. Only when the red cinnabar had disappeared from the surface of the paper crane did he repeatedly put on a layer of liquid and the seal that had disappeared appeared once again.
“Alright. I slightly made it stronger. If you’re careful, you can still use it for a while. Three pieces of second-grade jingshi.”
As expected, the price wasn’t different from buying a new one. Zuo Mo’s heart jerked in pain but he still crisply paid.
Walking out of the small store, he stared to walk to the free market and found Fu Jin.
Fu Jin saw Zuo Mo and instantly became alert, yellow: “Hey, Mo ge’s here. What do you want this time?” The wily eyes found the copper ring on Zuo Mo’s hand. Instantly he became even more attentive. His eyes were very experienced. That was a talisman. Even if the grade wasn’t high, but it still meant that Zuo Mo definitely still had some jingshi in his hands.
Zuo Mo asked: “Do you have anything about [Art of Flora]? Relating to the third level. [Art of Crimson Flame] or [Art of Earth Energy] would also do.”
“The third level?” Fu Jin grimaced as he shook his head: “Mo ge. You know the market. Whatever spell, once it reaches the third level, it isn’t hard to find. Even if it was available, the price, tsk tsk, at least two pieces of third-grade jingshi.
Two pieces of third-grade jingshi. Zuo Mo didn’t know what to say about the price. Even though he was much wealthier now, but this price was still out of reach for him. One piece of third-grade jingshi, it needed one hundred pieces of second-grade jingshi. This was only for low-grade jingshi. As the grade increased, the disparity in the exchange rate would become even greater. Like fourth-grade jingshi, at the very least, it would require five hundred pieces of third-grade jingshi.
This content is taken from li/ghtnovelpub[./]com
Third grade was a dividing line.
If he could make spellwork jade sticks, Zuo Mo would have already been selling jade sticks. Disregarding everything else, just based on his fourth level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], if he could make jade sticks, he definitely could sell it for a good price. It was a pity that making a spellwork jade stick wasn’t a simple matter. While Zuo Mo’s [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] might have reached the fourth level, but for the overwhelming majority of the profound parts, he could only grasp, but could not convey.
Like the jade stick that Wei Sheng shixiong gave him. It only basically recorded some of his experiences and realizations. It couldn’t be considered a spellwork jade stick.
Those that could make spellwork jade sticks, they were usually those of high cultivation. They could stand at a higher spot and penetrate through to the core of the spells.
The spellwork jade sticks that a jindan xiuzhe made, and one that a ningmai made, the price was astronomically different. The ling plant jade stick that Zuo Mo brought had been made by a ningmai. Many of the part inside were not adequately described.
The most common spellwork jade sticks on the marked were for the stage of zhuji. They frequently could get sold for a pretty good price. Since once one entered zhuji, they had some wealth. This was also the reason that why the spellwork jade sticks for lianqi cultivators were so rare.
The majority of those in the stage of lianqi were poor bastards.
And Tian Yue Jie, it was a district under the jurisdiction of Kun Lun Jing. The mainstream was sword xiu, so there was much less spells in the other areas.
Zuo Mo couldn’t help but be disappointed.
New novel chapters are published on lightn/ovelpub[.]com
Even though Zuo Mo’s face was paralyzed, but Fu Jin still sensitively detected his disappointed. He thought before suggesting: “Mo ge could try taking a look at the notice altar.”
Zuo Mo instantly hit his head in frustration. How could he have forgotten that place?
Each sect would always encounter all sorts of problems. Like the strange disease of the ling fields that Wu Kong Sword Sect had encountered this time. If the sect could not solve it, they would post to the boards in hopes of those with extraordinary talent that could aid them through their difficulties. After that, everyone found the convenience inside and more and more people asked for aid at the boards. Consequently, they created a specialized temple to post notices which was called the notice altar. This also became the place many xiuzhe used to find jobs, especially those with a cultivation of lianqi or zhuji.
Of course, posting a message required paying a fee, and the post would clearly state the payment.
Gratefully giving thanks to Fu Jin, Zuo Mo started heading for the notice altar.



Chapter 25: Fourth Shigu
I get into this awkward state where I want to translate but I can’t deal with the tension even though I’ve read the whole novel. It’s very weird.
Chapter Twenty Five Fourth Shigu
The notice altar was in the southern part of Dong Fu, and it was also the most prosperous and busiest part of Dong Fu. Because he had already joined a sect, and taking care of the ling fields and cultivation had taken up almost all of his time, Zuo Mo had never been to the notice altar before. This was why he hadn’t thought of this place at the beginning.
Stopping at the notice altar, he couldn’t help but inhale sharply!
Looking out, countless posts made from cloth banners pointed at the sky like a forest, spreading out into the horizon. Under each banner, people’s heads moved. The stream of people also moved slowly. Zuo Mo was in awe at the scene.
Dazedly, he followed the stream and entered the notice altar.
“This sect has a pair of Firey Gold Eyes Beast pups, requires one zookeeper. Requires cultivation above intermediate level of zhuji, five or more years of experience in animal care, salary generous.”
“This sect is clearing out ling fields, needs large number of body cultivators, above lianqi fifth level. Includes residence and food. Ten pieces of first-grade jingshi each day.
……
In just a quick while, Zuo Mo’s eyes started to blur.
Visit lightnovelpub[/.]c/om for a better experience
Just at this time, someone came up: ‘Bro, what, it’s hard to search. I have the complete table of content for the entire notice altar, detailed and accurate. It is updated at the first time. How about it, do you want a copy?”
“How much?” Zuo Mo asked cautiously.
“Not expensive, twenty pieces of first-grade jingshi.” The person said: “Bro, at one look, I can see you are one for doing big things. Time is so precious, wasting it like this is not worthy. Just twenty pieces of first-grade jingshi, it’s really worthwhile!”
“Eight pieces!”
“Bro, look at all these notices. Just me alone, how can I collect all of them? I have to support an entire bunch of people… …”
“Adding on two pieces, I’m very sincere.”
“Bro, we don’t have it easy……”
Zuo Mo turned to leave. The person hurriedly pulled Zuo Mo: “Okay okay okay, I’ll sell it to you at a loss!”
Looking at the directory that he spent ten pieces of first-grade jingshi to buy, Zuo Mo was a sorry figure as he escaped from the notice altar. He found a less busy place nearby and sat down.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub[.]/c/om
That was a really scary place! He looked with trepidation at the bustling notice altar.
Adding ling energy to the jade stick, there were more than one thousand and five hundred posts in the directory, a huge variety, everything was there. After a long time, Zuo Mo finally found an order and started to look down.
After a full two hours, he finally raised his head, his eyes full of disappointment. It wasn’t that there weren’t related posts that paid with spells, but not one of them were something that he could accomplish. Thinking about it now, Fu Jing was right. When any spell reached the third level, the price also changed drastically.
Discontentedly returning on the flying paper crane, Zuo Mo’s expression was blank.
When he returned home and saw Wei Sheng Shixiong standing outside his door, he couldn’t help but blank.
Wei Sheng Shixiong didn’t seem to have changed much from before. Still clad in rough cloth. Even though he still gave others the feeling of being as sharp as a sword, but it was much more restrained than before. It could be seen that Wei Sheng Shixiong’s cultivation was much deeper than before. Even when Zuo Mo was still far away, he already detected it.
“Shidi has really made me wait.” He smiled as he greeted.
Wei Sheng Shixiong’s warmth that was just like before made Zuo Mo very surprised and slightly moved. The attitudes of inner sect disciples towards outer sect disciples were usually extremely bad, and those of low birth and had an accomplished cultivation, their arrogant manner was the normal state.
“If Shixiong has something, just send a notice, why wait so long outside the door?” Zuo Mo solemnly replied.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightno/ve/lpub[./]/com
Wei Sheng took out a small box from his bosom and handed it to Zuo Mo: “The fire dragon grass seed won’t be of any use in my hands, but at least its third-grade so it would be a pity to throw it out. Shidi is skilled in planting, so this is given to Shidi.”
Zuo Mo was greedy about wealth but facing the little box, he didn’t hold out his hand. The seed of a third-grade fire dragon grass, it wasn’t a question to sell it for a few tens of pieces of second-grade jingshi.
“Shixiong has successfully zhuji, and there would be many places that would require jingshi in the future……”
Wei Sheng interrupted his words, shoving the wooden box into Zuo Mo’s chest: “Don’t be chatty. I’m telling you to take it. My heart is for the sword, and doesn’t like other things.”
Holding the wooden box, Zuo Mo didn’t know what to say.
“Shidi has outstanding talent and should work hard to not fail to live up to this good vessel.” He urged: “Very soon I will enter the Sword Cave to study. When I come out, Shidi should have successfully zhuji.”
For some reason, Zuo Mo’s heart warmed and burst out: “I definitely will successfully zhuji!”
“Then I won’t worry anymore. It’s a pity that Shidi isn’t interested in the sword.” There was a hint of pity in Wei Sheng’s expression.
Zuo Mo smiled: “It isn’t bad being a ling plant farmer, jingshii is a very dependable thing.”
For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com
“Haha!” Wei Sheng roared with laughter: “That’s so true. I won’t bid farewell. When I come out, us brothers will drink!”
Finishing, he swept away.
Even when Wei Sheng Shixiong had walked a long ways off, Zuo Mo’s heart was still slightly excited.
No matter if Wei Sheng Shixiong was deliberate or not but this bit of solicitude, he would firmly remember.
From when he opened his eyes, what he faced was a completely unfamiliar world. The sect leader that picked him up had asked a few words before he was never seen again. He was like a newborn baby that started to dumbly learn bit by bit everything in the surroundings. His strange zombie face, and the ignorance about the affairs of the world caused him to receive endless mockery and ridicule.
The only thing he was glad about was that the heavens had left behind some assets for him – a cultivation of lianqi fifth level. The setbacks he endured everywhere didn’t make him sink but actually stirred up the stubbornness in his bones. He cultivated day and night, used the rain of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] to fill the dry pond drop by drop. After that, the treatment he received gradually changed. Piling on the insincerity and worldliness, deliberately getting close to the other disciples in the sect, and earning a pretty good reputation.
But that alienation inside, it gradually deepened with time.
Wei Sheng Shixiong, who he only had met two times before, it was the first time he felt a sincere concern.
Before this, he wasn’t interested in zhuji. That astounding sword essence in his sea of consciousness, while it had stirred up some interest in power, but quickly, [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] had completely made him lose interest in power. For him, power was undoubtedly very far away.
Visit li///ghtnovelpub[.]c/om for the best novel reading experience
But Wei Sheng Shixiong’s exhortions today made him suddenly feel that he needed to zhuji. This feeling was so fierce, from the moment it left his mouth, he felt that, no matter what, he had to complete zhuji!
Zhuji!
Zhuji, it was the first barrier in the long journey of cultivation. For those disciples in the large sects, zhuji was so easy that it was like stepping over a doorstep. But for normal xiuzhe, this would decide their status. Those that were in the stage of zhuji basically had left behind the lowest level of work, their income enough for those as greedy as Zuo Mo to have red eyes. But there was a high degree of difficulty in zhuji, especially to someone like Zuo Mo who only had the kind of mainstream street trash like [Ten Principles Scripture]. To finish zhuji, it needed luck and character. Other than that, the success of zhuji depended on whether the wallet was full or not.
The lingdan and ling herbs that were required for zhuji, not one of them was cheap. And the effects varied greatly.
Normal zhuji dan, it generally was one hundred pieces of second-grade jingshi. But this kind of zhuji dan could only be considered to barely useable. And if one was willing to spill some blood, two pieces of third-grade jingshi, they could buy the highest grade of zhuji dan, the success rate multiplying. This was also why the disciples of the large sects didn’t care about zhuji. For them, two pieces of third-grade jingshi was really a small amount.
But for Zuo Mo, one hundred pieces of second-grade jingshi was almost his entire wealth. And this was only because his income had been high lately. Before this, did he dare to even think?
That was also why he would put his efforts on ling plant farmer. In reality, the difficulty of becoming a ling plant farmer was much higher than zhuji. This could be seen from how much the salary of a ling plant farmer surpassed a zhuji cultivator. But the difficulty was based on talent. There wasn’t much of a jingshi investment. What other than this was more perfect for a money-grubbing Zuo Mo?
But now he wanted to zhuji!
His brain was occupied with this though as he dumbly walked to Cold Mist Valley.
Visit l/ight/no/velp/ub[.]com for a better experience
“Who are you? How dare you enter this sect’s important lands!” Suddenly a cold shout broke through Zuo Mo’s thoughts.
A matron, appearing about forty something years old, was standing in the medicine fields, coldly looking at Zuo Mo. Zuo Mo unconsciously raised his head. When he met the other’s eyes, he instantly dropped into ice! The other’s gaze was as sharp as a sword, almost piercing him through.
Zuo Mo shook, as though waking from a dream, his mind whirling quickly, he hurriedly made the bow of a disciple: “This disciple is Zuo Mo. Received Hao Min shijie’s orders to temporarily care for the medicine fields here.”
“That girl dares! Dares to be lazy!” The green-clad matron’s face was cold, hinting at the anger.
Zuo Mo silently grimaced. Right now, he largely knew the identity of this elder in front of him. Wu Kong Sword Sect hadn’t been big to begin with. The only one that fit the description was the fourth shigu, Shi Feng Rong. Shi Feng Rong spent long periods of time travelling abroad, occasionally returning. Zuo Mo had never had the chance to see her before. But supposedly this shigu didn’t have a good temper, was hard to be close with. Looking at it now, it was true.
His only hope now was that Fourth Shigu wouldn’t blame him.
Hao Ming Shijie was an inner sect disciple. Even if she was punished, it wouldn’t be heavy. But his status was low. If he was blamed, he wouldn’t have a good ending.
Shi Feng Rong scanned the medicine fields in the surroundings. Seeing the ling herbs were fine, the coldness on her face retreated slightly. She relaxed her tone to ask: “What are you called?”
“Disciple Zuo Mo greets Fourth Shigu.” Zuo Mo answered respectfully.
Updated from /lightnov//elpub[.]c/om
“Your care isn’t bad.” Glancing at Zuo Mo, her eyes held praise: “Cultivation of lianqi eighth level. En, can be considered ambitious. From today onwards, Cold Mist Valley is under your care. Humph, when Hao Min returns, I will sort her out!”
Temporary worker turning to actual worker, Zuo Mo wasn’t very a hundred times unwilling but facing Fourth Shigu’s gaze that could cut him up, he perceptively swallowed the words back into his stomach. Inside, he muttered, Fourth Shigu was the same as Xin Yan Shishu, they looked at everyone like the others owed them money.
“This zhuji dan, it is your reward.”
Zuo Mo stared with bright eyes at the zhuji dan in his hands. The hundred times unwilling instantly became one hundred times willing! As expected, it was Shigu would was considerate! He praised Fourth Shigu effusively inside. The most basic zhuji dan was one hundred pieces of second grade jingshi. He had heard that this shigu was skilled at concocting pills, but he didn’t know what grade this zhuji dan was.
“Keep cultivating, and enter zhuji. Your power now, to care for Cold Mist Valley, it isn’t enough.” Fourth Shigu’s icy voice rang in Zuo Mo’s ears.
Zuo Mo, already drowning in joy, hurriedly responded.
Shi Feng Rong was going to leave when her eyes glanced at Zuo Mo’s face. Her steps instantly stopped, an astounded expression floating on her cold face: “Raise your head.”



Chapter 26: Appearance Changed and Mind Erased
In this chapter and onward, there’s going to be mentions of [Void Sword Scripture], which is also Wu Kong Sword Scripture. For the sect name, I didn’t translate it because I thought Wu Kong wasn’t a bad name for a mountain or a sect but to fit in with the other scriptures, it’s going to be Void. Literally, the sect is named after the sword scripture, or the other way around.
Also, Wei Sheng get to enter a secret place! Zuo Mo finally becomes motivated and we get to know the different between xiuzhe, yao and mo. I’m going to use xiuzhe as well as cultivator interchangeably, especially when xiuzhe and yaomo are mentioned together because in reality, all of them are cultivators of a sort.
Chapter Twenty Six Appearance Changed and Mind Erased
Zuo Mo raised his head.
Shi Feng Rong walked gracefully in front of him. Carefully examining for a few seconds, her brows suddenly furrowed: “You are the child that Sect Leader Shixiong picked up?”
Zuo Mo blanked, nodding and answered: “Yes.”
“You cannot remember anything from before?”
Zuo Mo’s heart suddenly started to beat furiously, blood rushing up to his head. He felt that he was trembling, his entire body uncontrollably trembling lightly. He heard his trembling voice answer: “Yes.”
“Oh.” Shi Feng Rong nodded. She hadn’t planned on saying anything, turning to leave.
Zuo Mo almost unconsciously yelled: “Shigu!”
Visit lightnov/elpub[./]com for the best novel reading experience
Shi Feng Rong stopped, expression irritated as she looked at him.
Zuo Mo didn’t know where he got the courage to intently stare at Shi Feng Rong, eyes full of terror and hope: “This disciple has nothing left of the previous memories. What this disciple is called, who are the parents, nothing. Thinking about it every time, the heart is grievously sad, and begs for Shigu’s guidance!”
Shi Feng Rong looked at Zuo Mo for a beat and shook her head: “For you, it’s better not to know.”
“Please, shigu, complete this desire!”
Zuo Mo almost used up all the strength in his body.
Shi Feng Rong slightly wrinkled her bows, coldly stating: “Since you want to know so much, then I will tell you. If I hadn’t seen it wrong, you might have been the target of a technique to have your features changed. Someone had changed your appearance.”
“Changed… …” Zuo Mo muttered to himself absent-mindedly.
“As to your previous memories, it should have been erased by someone. I don’t know who has such deep enmity against you.” Finishing, she gave a look deep with meaning at Zuo Mo: “Changing your appearance or erasing a mind, it all needs great cultivation. You should just obediently take care of the ling fields for me.”
It was as though Zuo Mo was struck by lightning and frozen to his spot!
Follow current novels on lightnovelpub[.//]com
When his mind slowly came back, the sky was dark and Fourth Shigu had left long ago.
Zuo Mo was muddleheaded, his eyes bleak.
Changed appearance… … erased mind……
So his memory had been erased by someone, so his face had been changed … …
So that dream……
Why……
Why was it like this……
He lowered his head, his fists unconsciously cleaning, knuckles cracking, fingertips white. The bamboo-like body was like a dry stalk of grass waving in the wind, small and weak. The temperature of Cold Mist Valley in the night time was extremely low, humidity high. Small tendrils of cold permeated into Zuo Mo’s body, and also into his heart.
The puzzle that had perplexed him finally had been solved at this time, but even more puzzles were lying in front of him.
This content is taken from lightnov/elpub[.]//com
Who am I……
Who did it… … the messy mind instantly quieted.
Zuo Mo raised his head, his eyes as though they were dyed by blood, a patch of red. He had expected that he would be furious, would shout. But he didn’t. His heart was encased in ice, as though he was an outsider watching from the sidelines.
His heart was an iced body. Under the thick layer of ice, a vague hint could be seen to the undercurrents roiling in the deep.
Fourth Shigu’s words echoed in his ears. Someone that even Fourth Shigu would call of high cultivation, at the very least, one of their hairs would be thicker than his leg. Even if he wanted to settle a score, he couldn’t manage it.
Suddenly everything in these two years, sunlight, ling grains … … it was like a dream and an invisible great hand forcibly squeezed it to dust!
It was gone.
He relaxed his fingers, stepping in the sea of consciousness where the flames were dancing.
Just like normal, Pu Yao was still sitting on the gravestone shrouded in black smoke. Seeing Zuo Mo, the corner of his mouth rose.
Updated from lightnovelpu/b[.]com
“Hahahahahaha!”
Reckless and crazy laughter rang out in the sea of consciousness.
Wei Sheng closely followed behind the sect leader and Xin Yan Shishu as they walked in the back of the mountain. The two elders were both extremely solemn as they silently walked at the front. Wei Sheng was also cautious as he closely followed. This was a forbidden area of the sect. Master and Xin Yan Shishu had cast more than twenty spells on the way here to open the path. It could be seen just how guarded this place was. He had just entered zhuji, his willpower ten times what it had been previously but the pressure that the jinzhi exuded, it still made him feel as though he was suffocating.
So the sect had a place as strong as this!
He felt his blood was gradually warming up, he was full of hopes to the Sword Cave that they were going to arrive at!
After walking for four hours, the three finally stopped in front of the mouth of a cave.
Nervousness came upon both Pei Yuan Ran and Xin Yan’s face. The sect leader Pei Yuan Ran said solemnly: “This Sword Cave, it had been created by this sect’s first leader. It was used for the sect disciples to refine their sword essences. Only disciples below jindan can enter.” Some shame suddenly made its way across his face: “The ancestor’s power was astounding. To open this sword cave, it requires two jindan to simultaneously act. This sect has declined. In the generation above us, there was only one jindan so this sword came was never opened. I and your shishu practised our sword essences by ourselves in Yao Hunt. When we reached jindan, we could not go in. What is actually in this sword cave, we don’t know either. You have to explore for yourself.”
Wei Sheng listened closely, his expression calm.
Pei Yuan Ran looked at his disciple, concern in his eyes: “Every ten days, we will prepare enough ling food for you. Right now, your fourth shigu has returned and you don’t have to worry about herbs and dan. But the sword cave is dangerous and you need to remember your own safety. You have just entered zhuji and your cultivation is low, so in reality, you are not suited to enter the sword cave. But you have immense talent on the sword that we have never seen before. To not hinder you, we have decided to make an exception and let you enter the sword cave. If you encounter any danger, you need to leave the sword cave immediately!”
Follow current novels on li/ghtno/velpub[.]com
The last warning, Pei Yuan Ran couldn’t help raising his voice. This sincere and honest disciple in front of him, his talent was astounding and surpassed all of their expectations. He seemed to have been born a sword xiu. Other than his cultivation that needed to steadily progress, any sword scripture that entered his hands would quickly become familiar and flowing.
Even the strongest Xin Yan was shocked at Wei Sheng’s progress. Other than joy, they couldn’t help but be worried. Such a good piece of jade, if they didn’t nurture properly, wouldn’t it disappoint the ancestors?
They had pondered for a long time and in the end, decided to open the sword cave. Other than the legend about the sword cave in the sect, they hoped that Wei Sheng could practise the complete Void Sword. Void Sword was the strongest sword scripture of the sect and the greatest accomplishment of the first ancestral master, Wu Kong zhenren. But when it came to their generation, they didn’t have a complete [Void Sword Scripture]. Like Xin Yan’s [Ice Dragon Sword Scripture], it had been created by one of the ancestral masters but was not the strongest sword scripture of the sect.
Before, they had put their hopes on Luo Li who only managed to achieve Empty Sword. Who could have thought that he, who had once been Luo Li’s sword servant, would have even greater talent than Luo Li?
Even more, while Luo Li had outstanding talent but his personality was arrogant. Compared to the honest and humble Wei Sheng, he was quickly defeated.
In their hearts, Wei Sheng was the present and uncontested head of the disciples.
“Disciple understands!” Wei Sheng’s expression was grave.
Pei Yuan Ran and Xin Yan exchanged a lot and nodded their heads. Both started to revolve their ling energy, casting a spell.
Two jindan undertaking a task at the same time, the commotion was extremely alarming! Over their heads, clouds gathered from every direction. In a few blinks of an eye, the small mountain valley was shrouded by roiling black clouds, dark as night. On the outside wall of the mountain cave, countless seals started to light up and flash. The jinzhi in the surroundings also lit up, countless seals floating midair as though they were communicating with the seals that were carved into the mountain.
Updated from /li/ghtno/velpub[.]c/om
Feeing the shock and shivering that came from the bones, Wei Sheng’s calm gaze seemed to have been ignited and he excitedly went forward.
Pei Yuan Ran and Xin Yan’s expressions were grave. Both of them simultaneously shouted: “Open!”
The seals turned and the formation changed.
The mountain cave suddenly became dark and deep, as though it was a void. Wei Sheng, who had already prepared, didn’t hesitate and rushed in!
At this time, Pei Yuan Ran and Xin Yan finally gave a breath of relief. The two slowly let go of the spell, dispersing the ling energy on their hands. The seals on the mountain and on the jinzhi slowly faded. The thick clouds overhead spread out, sunlight once again reaching the valley.
“Let’s go, he needs to walk the road himself.” Pei Yuan Ran sighed.
“Of course.” Xin Yan treated words like they were gold.
In the sea of fire, Zuo Mo sat not far away from Pu Yao, listening attentively.
“What is yaomo? There are many ways of distinguishing but the most important is the method of cultivation. Xiuzhe, extract the ling energy of the world to use for themselves. What they cultivate is ling energy. And yao, what they care about is the spirit shaking the sky, primarily cultivating the spirit. And mo? That group of people whose absolute majority is stupid to the point of no return can only cultivate themselves, using their bodies as talismans.”
For more, visit ligh/tn/ovelpub[.]com
Zuo Mo seemed to understand but didn’t really understand.
“Oh, all of this is nonsense. Okay, we’ll talk something practical. Your road wasn’t wrong to use sword moves to manipulate the aged gold energy. However, it is a pity that you aren’t your shixiong. Based on your speed, I estimate it would be at least two to three years.” Pu Yao suddenly smiled strangely, revealing half of his crimson tongue: “But I have a quick fix. Do you want to try?”
“Quick fix?” Zuo Mo’s eyes were lit up, his body slightly leaning forward.
Pu Yao’s eyes narrowed even more, his voice full of enticement: “Exactly, very fast! Within one month, you definitely would break to the third level of [Art of Aged Gold].”
“Really?” Zuo Mo was slightly suspicious. Pu Yao’s expression gave him a bad feeling.
“You won’t know until you try.” Pu Yao shrugged his shoulders: “There isn’t a free lunch in the world. To get power, how can you not pay?”
Zuo Mo fell silent.
To find the answers, to find the person that changed him, he needed power, desperately needed power! Pu Yao wasn’t wrong. To get power, it required a certain cost. He was a little xiuzhe who hadn’t even entered zhuji, what could he rely on to find the answer?
The only one he could ask aid from was Pu Yao. He still didn’t know what Pu Yao wanted but did he have a choice?
For more, visit lightnovelp/ub[/.]com
Choices were a question that only those that were strong would face.
What he was glad about was that Pu Yao was willing to help him. Regardless of Pu Yao’s reasons for doing so, he would accept it.
“Alright.” He stood up.
Pu Yao’s blade-like mouth once again skewed towards one side. He laughed lightly, declaring: “Ha, what is more simpler than sword scriptures? After being sliced a few thousand time, you’ll learn it!”
The words hadn’t landed when a vast snow white sword essence came down from the heavens, easily slicing Zuo Mo’s consciousness in half.
A heart wrenching pain came on. Zuo Mo felt that his body had been cut into two halves.
The pain came on and he straightforwardly fainted!



Chapter 27: Looking Up in the Darkness
I got so enraged translating I wrote an essay examining my rage. But it’s full of spoilers so I can’t share why I’m angry about the story.
Also, hello to everyone who followed me recently on this site.
Chapter Twenty Seven Looking Up in the Darkness
“Shixiong, is your body ill?” Xiao Guo had fought for a long time but couldn’t resist asking.
“It’s nothing.” Zuo Mo’s voice was raspy as he replied and continued to walk forward.
Xiao Guo looked worriedly at Zuo Mo, gathering her courage to state: “Shixiong, if you don’t feel well, we could change to another day.”
“I said it’s fine so it’s fine!” Zuo Mo glared at Xiao Guo.
Xiao Guo couldn’t help but shrink back. She muttered: “But, Shixjie said the body is the most important.”
Zuo Mo decided to shut up himself and not argue with this little girl. He didn’t have the energy. Any one that would have been sliced over and over in half by the sword essence of a jindan definitely wouldn’t have the energy.
Pu Yao was insane. Certifiably insane!
The source of this content is lightno/vel/pub[/.]com
Xin Yan Shishu’s sword essence far surpassed what he could endure. Each time that he faced the vast snow white sword essence, he felt that he was at death’s door. The terror that seemed to come from the deepest part of his heart made him tremble. The difference between the two of them was too large, so large it didn’t have meaning. Even this terror that seemed to happen right before death, Zuo Mo would only have a short instant to feel it before his consciousness would be easily cut in half. His only outcome was fainting.
But he would quickly wake up because of pain! The enormous pain due to his wounded spirit would wake him up.
The only thing he could do was grit his teeth and practise [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation]. Only that thing could heal his spirit and lessen the pain.
Before he could take a breath, another sword essence would drop down from heaven and he would faint again.
Just like that. Slice, faint, wake up due to the pain……continuously repeating. In one day, he would faint a few dozen times. One could imagine, how could his state be good?
If he had the time, he would be suspicious of himself of being able to endure to that day. However, Pu Yao wouldn’t even give that amount of time to him. Later on, the pain turned to numbness.
Only when Xiao Guo came to find him did Pu Yao temporarily let him go.
Xiao Guo came to find him to take a look at the ling grasses. After the weed incident, all the girls on the Eastern Peak were scared. Li Ying Feng became an inner sect disciple, entering Yan Le’s doors. Other than cultivating, she had to follow her Master to learn how to take care of the sect’s assets and had no time to come to the Eastern Peak. But they girls still remembered zombie Shixiong Zuo Mo, and before Li Ying Feng left, she had especially given notice with him in hopes he could help these female disciples.
After a certain amount of time, they would always pull Zuo Mo over to inspect the ling grass.
This content is taken from /lightnovel//pub[.]/com
There weren’t any big problems with the ling grass, other than some problems that would occur due to improper care. For Zuo Mo, who planted ling grains, these were all simple problems. Most of the attention of the female disciples was on the ling beasts. Planting ling grass was only to provide food for the ling beast so they did not put much attention and care into the grass.
Looking at the ling fields being wasted, Zuo Mo felt pain. If all of these ling fields were planted with ling grains, think how much jingshi there would be.
“Shixiong, these little things aren’t worth much but are a token of our thanks. Please accept them.”
A female disciple handed over the gifts that they had prepared beforehand.
He understood the intentions of these female disciples. No matter where, female disciples were always more vulnerable, especially the kind of outer sect female disciples. Li Ying Feng had left, and had no time to spare to look after them. They needed someone with the power to protect them. It wasn’t surprising. Most of the female disciple’s cultivations were around level five or six of lianqi and no one was able to pick up the burden.
Zuo Mo thought for a second but accepted the gifts. Even if this matter was slightly troublesome, but if they really encountered something serious, he believed that Li Ying Feng definitely would get involved.
Seeing Zuo Mo take the gift, the crowd of female disciples gave relieved expressions.
Everyone had a hard time surviving, Zuo Mo thought silently.
Returning home, he opened the gift box. Inside were all kinds of ling worms and ling beasts. Similar to mud turning earthworms, they would even enter a grade. A large majority were first grade, and there were only one or two at the second grade. But it could be seen that they had taken some care with the ling worms and animals. Even if the grade wasn’t high, but they were all quite useful.
Updated from lightnovelpub[//.]com
Pu Yao suddenly erupted, crouching in front of the ling worms and beasts: “Talking of playing with worms, tsk tsk, us yaomo is the true masters in this area.”
He randomly flipped through the ling worms, extremely disappointed: “All of these are low level, not worth much.”
Zuo Mo was extremely speechless but couldn’t resist objecting: “They are outer sect disciples, where would they get high level ones?”
Pu Yao nipped one up and examined it for a long while. Then he carelessly threw it in front of Zuo Mo: “Here, this one is barely acceptable. Throw out all the others.”
The one Pu Yao picked was a black armored worm, slightly larger than a fingernail. He flipped through the jade stick that they had also given to find out that this black armored worm was called Black Gold Worm, fond of eating gold metal. Its wings could be sold for a pretty good price. Other than that, supposedly it could also be used to find sources of water.
Zuo Mo was slightly disappointed. To him, the black gold worm didn’t have much use.
Pu Yao’s interests clearly had been evoked by these worms. He excitedly said: “Playing with worms, there’s a lot to attend to. Especially the techniques, they vary by person. Before, I saw one highly skilled with worms, called Blood Mosquito daoren. This guy was very strong. Somehow, he managed to create countless souls, and bound them to a group of blood mosquitoes. And then he travelled through a hundred jie. Every time he reached a jie, he would leave behind a few blood mosquitoes. His enemies had a whole bunch of people and pursued him countless times but still couldn’t kill him.”
“I played with black gold worms before too, but it isn’t this kind of cheap trash. There isn’t much use in the level ones, this thing’s true purpose is to use it to seek out ling veins……”
“Ling veins?” Zuo Mo asked suspiciously: “Isn’t it used to seek out water?”
The source of this content is lig/htno/velpub[.]com
“Water?” Pu Yao sneered, retorting: “If you don’t know, then don’t pretend. That’s for low level black gold worms. Black gold worms above fourth grade can seek out ling veins, seventh grade is able to find ling sources. Ha, but ninth grade is the truly good stuff. As to tenth grade, I’ve never seen one.”
He continued to explain: “Picking ling worms, definitely have to pick those with good aptitudes. Like this black gold worm of yours, if you raise it correctly, it can enter fourth grade. These other ones, it doesn’t even have the chance to increase to third grade.”
“Then, um, how can this black gold worm raise to grade four?” Zuo Mo consulted with a fawning tone.
Fourth grade black gold worms could find ling veins……this was endlessly tempting to Zuo Mo.
This time, Pu Yao didn’t make it difficult for him. He briskly said: “Very simple. Don’t you have a small section of ling vein in your seclusion room? Put this black gold worm and a piece of pure gold ore in a jade box and bury it in the area surrounding the ling vein. After a month, it should increase to the third level. To get it to the fourth level, it probably would take about three months.”
“Alright, let us continue.” Pu Yao waved his hand and said impatiently.
Before his words landed, a snow white sword essence once again cleaved Zuo Mo’s mind in half. Zuo Mo, who had been memorizing what Pu Yao just said instantly fainted.
After an unknown amount of time, sharp pain once again woke Zuo Mo up. Zuo Mo’s first thought was, did he remember the method of raising the black gold worm to the fourth grade?
Great, he remembered!
This content is taken from lightnove/lpub[.]/c/om
So painful! He couldn’t help but start to wail, rolling on the ground.
Why did it become painful?
The tearing pain tortured his fragile nerves. He could only start [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation]. A ball of air moved continuously through his body, giving out cold stands, seeming to inhale through all the openings in his body and then spreading through the body.
The flames waved in his sea of consciousness. That dim star in the void seemed to have become much brighter, the enchanting sea of flames could not take away its light.
Fainting, waking with pain, fainting again, waking up with pain again……
The amount of time that Zuo Mo had to comprehend was extremely short. After repeating for a few hundred times, he still endured.
“Pain is the tastiest thing in this world. You have to finely savor it, enjoy it, the flavour fresh and sweet as it permeates your marrow. Even your soul is trembling!” Pu Yao stuck out his bright red tongue, licking his lips and slowly said: “Death is like a firework. You can continuously experience the process of blossoming. How lucky you are!
Damned renyao!
Zuo Mo recited in his mouth. However, his eyes were opened to the widest, unwaveringly staring at that lightning fast snow white sword essence!
The source of this content is l/ightnov/elpu/b/[.]com
He knew that the kind of pain that was coming. Just like Pu Yao had said, his soul was trembling. Regardless of how many times he had been cut, but whenever he practised facing that snow white sword essence, he was still terrified, incomparably terrified. When he was clear headed, he didn’t dare to even think about it. He was afraid that any memory would make his fragile psychological barrier instantly collapse.
His trembling bones and flesh was like a blade of grass that was going to break any second in the storm. Maybe the next second, he would fall down.
But his eyes still firmly stared at the front!
The direction that the snowy white sword essence would appear from.
But Xin Yan shishu’s sword essence, was it something he could see clearly?
The difference between the two was like the sky and earth. Xin Yan Shishu was a tried and tested jindan, a sword xiu that even Tian Song Zi admired. And Zuo Mo was only an outer sect disciple with a cultivation of lianqi eighth level; the total amount of time that Xin Yan shishu had spent in the flying sword was over two hundred years, and Zuo Mo hadn’t even learned the most basic sword arts.
On the surface, all of this looked futile.
However, he still trembled as he stared fixedly at the front, his mouth unconsciously cursing “Damned renyao damned renyao.”
Snow white, blindingly bright, flying down from the sky like the Milky Way!
Visit lightnovel/pub[.]c/om for a better experience
Zuo Mo tried his best to widen his eyes. At this moment, his body stopped trembling, the mutters from his mouth gone. The entire world was a patch of snow white. He needed to strenuously search in this sea of snow white, search for the quintessence of this sword essence.
The time that was given to him was extremely short, not even the blink of an eye.
He was like a crazy gambler, betting on that chance that wasn’t even one in ten thousand.
However, he didn’t have a choice. He didn’t have another road.
His pupils suddenly dilated and it didn’t have the time to recover.
Whoosh, the snowy white sword essence sliced Zuo Mo in two.
After an unknown period of time, it was still the sharp pain that woke Zuo Mo up. Opening his eyes, Zuo Mo wanted to roar with laughter, but when it came up, it became groans and wails.
“Ah! So painful!” “Ah!”
Fighting to climb up, he resisted the great pain and started [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation].
Visit lig/htnovelpub[./]com for a better experience
Strands of coolness entered his body. The pain instantly lessened greatly.
When he opened his eyes again, they were full of ecstasy!



Chapter 28: The Doorway
Chapter Twenty Eight The Doorway
Zuo Mo finally found the doorway!
This sword essence appeared to look like snow, but he managed to faintly see countless smaller sword essences. These tiny icicle-like sword essences were enormous in number, and were densely packed together, moving in layers. Each tiny sword essence was like a drop of water. And countless drops of water created the ocean, the movements the tide.
Xin Yan Shishu’s sword essence was like a little tide, a little icicle tide!
For the first time, he forgot the pain from his injured mind.
The scene he had just seen was extremely short but what he had seen was enough for him to think for a long time. Dazzling tiny sword essences like ice crystals, moving like the tide. In the vastness and danger was a certain kind of beauty. Even if it was someone like him that didn’t understand the sword, he couldn’t help but sigh in amazement.
He suddenly realized that the snow dragon that Xin Yan Shishu had released wasn’t a real one. It was also constructed out of countless snow white thin sword essences.
Dazedly standing in the yard, mind enthralled until deep into the night.
Early morning on the second day, Zuo Mo ran over to Cold Mist Valley. Changing from temporary worker to official worker, and adding on a zhuji dan, for the money-grubbing zombie, it hit the key points and he put more care in.
He was clear on the goal that he wanted to find answers but he deeply understood the matter had to be done step by step, especially when it came to the kind of outer sect disciples like him that had nothing.
The most up-to-date novels are published on light/novelpub[.]com
Compared to before, his workload was much greater now. Fourth Shigu had given him a jade stick. Inside were all the points that needed to be attended to for all kinds of ling herbs. About ninety percent of it were things that he had never known before. For him, it was a completely new challenge.
But luckily he could slowly explore. The ling herbs in the medicine fields looked to be in great condition at the moment.
In the corner of the medicine fields, the fire dragon grass had already sprouted. The seed from the fire dragon grass that Wei Sheng Shixiong had given him had been planted.
Today, he needed to accompany the female disciples to Dong Fu. It was called accompaniment but truthfully, it was more like protection.
Sitting on the flying paper crane, Zuo Mo followed about thirty meters behind the female disciples.
This group of women were really chatty!
The sounds of their chatter could be heard from far away. Hearing it, Zuo Mo felt irritated.
After being fixed and improved, the flying crane was much steadier and comfortable. He thought silently that the three pieces of jingshi that he paid was really worth it. Sitting on the paper crane with nothing to do, he started to once again examine Xin Yan shishu’s sword essence.
Even though he wanted to die each time, but he knew very well how valuable this experience was. A chance to learn from Xin Yan Shishu, other than Wei Sheng Shixiong, for an outer sect disciple like him, he didn’t even need to think about it. He didn’t know why Pu Yao would keep Shishu’s sword essence, but for Zuo Mo, this sword essence was undoubtedly a treasure trove.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
It wasn’t likely for him to learn all of it. But just learning a little was enough for him to reap endless benefits.
Just at this time, a clamor came from the front, startling Zuo Mo from his musings.
His heart instantly wasn’t happy.
Several unfamiliar male xiuzhe seemed to be in a tangle with his sect’s female disciples. Zuo Mo sighed. These days, it wasn’t easy to accept gifts!
Taking down the paper crane, he slowly walked forward. This was the main path to Dong Fu. Zuo Mo wasn’t afraid that the other would really do something too outrageous so he was extremely confident.
“Ha, heard that your Li Ying Feng Shijie went into zhuji? Good news, good news.” The male xiuzhe in the front said in a smooth tone.
The other male xiuzhe in the surroundings laughed.
At this time, a male xiuzhe fawningly said: “Shixiong, I wasn’t wrong, the level of these women, they are much tender then the shrews in our sect.”
“True true!” The leader smiled nefariously, warning: “But be careful, if they head what you said, you’ll have a good time.”
Follow current novels on /li/g/htnovelpub[/.]com
“Haha, of course.”
Zuo Mo lightly coughed. The female disciples instantly created a path. Since he had accepted the things, he couldn’t really just stand by.
“What is this? Eeryone? Blocking the road for looks?” Zuo Mo walked out of the crowd, stealing a look at the other, smiling coldly.
This group of people looked like the dregs at a glance, each of them with the head of a deer and the eyes of a mouse. Especially the leader. Looking at that face, Zuo Mo had the impulse to raise his fists and beat him into a bun. Compared to the others in the sect, Zuo Mo’s experience on the outside was much richer, his eyes could be said to be shrewd. This group looked just like the kind that wasn’t mainstream. To deal with this kind of people, the more polite, the more they felt that you were soft and easy to bully.
In reality, the biggest weapon that Zuo Mo relied on was the [Golden Sword Ring] on his hand. There were three sword energies stored inside. To use it to scare people was pretty good.
“So it was a change of owners.” The leader smirked, examining Zuo Mo, the disdain on his face evident: “Just lianqi eighth level and dare to try to be the hero. Really doesn’t know your own abilities. Even if Li Ying Feng is here, she wouldn’t dare talk like this.”
Did this person really have a strong background? Zuo Mo’s heart was uncertain but he didn’t show it on his face: “Such boasting. With such abilities, why don’t you go to our sect’s gate to shout? Running here to bully girls, tsk tsk, really strong, really strong!”
The female disciples in the surroundings covered their mouths and laughed.
The person’s face became ugly. He snorted: “Heard that Wu Kong Sword Sect had a genius? Is it such trash like you? Shixiong today will let you know what is manners!”
Visit /lightno/velpu/b[.]c/om for the best novel reading experience
His voice landed and a flying sword suddenly appeared in front of him!
Zuo Mo instantly was stupefied. The other actually had a flying sword!
The first word in his mind was zhuji! He hadn’t thought that this mouse-like person was actually zhuji. Those with only lianqi cultivation could not imprint on flying swords. Even Wei Sheng Shixiong, before he entered zhuji, he had never had a flying sword.
Incredibly nervous as he stared at the flying sword floating in front of the other, Zuo Mo swallowed tightly.
This was the first time he saw a flying sword!
Entirely green, about three feet, body narrow, edge sharp, the light gleaming. If the blow landed, a bloody hole would certainly be a result.
The expressions of the female disciples also changed dramatically! They hadn’t thought that they would encounter a zhuji xiuzhe this time! They had originally been full of confidence for Zuo Mo but it instantly evaporated. There was a large chasm between lianqi and zhuji. To have a lianqi face a zhuji, there wasn’t any room at all for resistance.
The power of the flying sword wasn’t something that a sword energy could contend against.
Xiao Guo’s apple-like face was pale in fright, terrified as she looked at the flying sword.
For more, visit /li/ghtnov/elpub[.]com
The person laughed darkly: “Let’s get you to have a good taste of ye’s Green Point Sword!”
At the same time, his fingers fused together as they swept through the air. It was as though the flying sword was intelligent as it suddenly sliced toward Zuo Mo!
The instant the other’s flying sword moved, Zuo Mo calmed down. All the nervousness seemed to have disappeared. He stared straight at the flying sword just like how, in these past days, he waited for that snow white sword essence!
The flying sword moved, and his heart instantly became serene.
The green flying sword might have looked scare but this guy’s power was limited and the feeling of danger that it gave him was far below that pure sword essence from Xin Yan Shishu!
Only a beautiful surface!
The sword essence was flimsy and insubstantial. It actually wasn’t condensed into form, simply just unbearable to look at.
The ling energy in his body revolving quickly, he calmly looked at the flying sword speeding closer. In a flash, his fused fingers lifted up and pointed into space.
A gold sword energy ripped out of his hands.
Updated from lightnovelpu/b[.]com
Ping!
A crisp sound, the sword energy accurately hitting a spot three centimeters behind the sword point. The flying sword shook slightly.
“Humph!” The other snorted. The ling energy revolved and the flying sword turned in midair, creating a half circle of light in the air, extremely beautiful.
Ping!
A sound of metal crashing suddenly sounded. The flying sword suddenly stopped, the half circle of light dissolving. It was like a dancing goddess right at the climax when she suddenly sneezed. All the beauty and elegance instantly disappeared.
The other was shocked and angry!
He could see the person in front of him was relying on a talisman. However, being interrupted two times by the other, and the other was still unharmed, he felt it a blight on his reputation. Facing a lianqi disciple, and two of his moves were ineffective. If this passed into the sect, his shixiong would laugh.
The previous two moves had only been with the intentions of teaching a lesson but now, he didn’t care that much and furiously revolved his ling energy!
The worst that could happen was being punished after getting back!
This content is taken from lightnovelpub[.]com
Gathering the ling energy, the power of the flying sword was drastically different.
The flying sword flew on top of Zuo Mo’s head, a skin of faint sword energy appearing on the sword, emitting a whining sound like an excited animal preparing to leap at its prey.
Zuo Mo raised his head. Shining in his narrowed eyes was a hint of excitement and craziness!
Hitting the target two times in a row greatly increased his confidence. He had no experience fighting against anyone else previously. Last time with Li Ying Feng Shijie, it had only been one move. And facing Xin Yan Shishu’s sword essence in his sea of consciousness, he didn’t even have the power to resist. Not just resist, in front of the vast sword essence, he couldn’t even manage to raise a finger.
But facing the flying sword here, he had successfully blocked the other’s two attacks!
Just this kind of battle success, it was enough for him to be proud. But at this time, he was completely caught up in a kind of strange excitement and zealotry.
He suddenly had an insane idea!
Break this flying sword!
He didn’t know why he would suddenly have such a crazy idea, but this idea was extremely intense once it appeared, so intense that he didn’t go to even think if it was realistic.
Follow current novels on light/novel//pub[.]com
The time wasn’t enough for him to think. Under the persuasions of this crazy idea, he also gathered up the ling energy in his body.
Narrowing his eyes, he closely followed the green flying sword above his head!
Scenes passed in front of his eyes.
The pure, concentrated, vast and dangerous sword essence of Xin Yan Shishu, as though it was a tide of icicles seemed to be even clearer in front of his eyes. It was like a great entity, slowly moving, and that feeling of cold didn’t lessen in the least.
Every bit of pain when his consciousness was cleaved seemed to become abnormally clear at this time. He didn’t know if it was the stimulation from the pain but his consciousness was extremely clear as though everything in the surroundings had calmed.
The ling energy in his body swelled and rushed towards the golden sword ring.
He raised his right hand, his fingers fused together as they pointed at the air!



Chapter 29: Sword Essence
Chapter Twenty Nine Sword Essence
“Has Shixiong heard of Wu Kong Sword Sect?”
Two people were on the mountain, each riding on a green bull. The two green bulls were entirely dark green, their hair smooth, the horns on their foreheads pure black, their manner leisurely as they slowly travelled. It was extremely steady, the two people on their backs as though they were statues, not moving a sliver.
“Haha, with such a ruckus made recently, it would be hard to not have heard.” The older man was called Shi Xiang, a disciple in Chi Sword Sect. The other was his shidi, Liang Luo. Chi Sword Sect was slightly famous in the region of Dong Fu. The two’s innate talents were exceptional. Even though they were limited by their age, but they had power and a reputation.
“Ha, yeah, it’s all so unusual and mysterious, I don’t really believe it.” Liang Luo said as he shook his head.
Shi Xiang glanced at his shidi, laughing inside. Everything about Shidi was good except that he was too proud. But he could understand. Shidi was ten complete years younger than him yet their cultivations were almost the same. If Shidi was in a big sect, he most likely would have limitless potential.
“The sword energy that night, I saw as well. It really was an apparition.” He mused: “To be able to cause an apparition in the world, this person’s comprehension of the sword is astounding.”
Liang Luo was unconvinced: “Pity we can’t encounter him and then have a good practice bout, wouldn’t that be a great thing? I have never heard of this Wu Kong Sword Sect before, I wonder what great luck they ran into.”
Shi Xiang said with a mirthless smile: “Wu Kong Sword Sect was only low-key these past years. Four jindan masters at the back. In all of Dong Fu, it definitely is enough to enter the top ranks.”
“Four jindan masters?” Liang Luo was dumbstruck and couldn’t believe it: “Shixiong, are you sure? Our sect only has three jindan masters? That Wu Kong Sword sect can have four?”
This content is taken from l/igh/tnovelpub[.]com
“Yes.” The smile left Shi Xiang, his heart heavy. The division of power in Dong Fu’s surroundings had been at equilibrium a long time ago. Such a strong sect suddenly appearing, it would definitely affect this kind of equilibrium. Additionally, Wu Kong Sword Sect had been biding their time, people couldn’t help but think more.
“In the four, the most powerful is Elder Xin Yan. If it wasn’t Elder Tian Song Ji that exposed his identity, who would have thought the honoured [Ice Dragon Sword] was in our Dong Fu. There’s now one more strong entity in Dong Fu.”
Liang Luo couldn’t help ask: “This Ice Dragon Sword is well-known?”
Shi Xiang smiled, replying: “I had never heard it before, but according to the elders, he has some notoriety. He became known in the yao hunt, his death kill is very high. In the past, there were countless yaomo that died under his sword.”
Liang Luo inhaled sharply. To be able to survive yao hunt, then he was already not a simple character. And to gain a reputation in Yao Hunt, it definitely meant the other was a strong one. He knew this kind of common knowledge.
Just at this time, the two suddenly raised their heads, looking forward.
“Such strong sword essence!” Liang Luo’s expression changed and urged the green bull under him. The warm and slow green bull became a blur and then he disappeared.
Shi Xiang was also slightly shocked. He hurriedly pushed the green bull and vanished.
Zuo Mo felt the right hand that was wearing the golden sword ring was thirty thousand catties heavy. Raising one inch would use up all the energy in the body. All the ling energy inside was like a wild stallion off the ropes, uncontrollably and crazily flooding towards the golden sword ring on his right hand.
Follow current novels on lightnovelpub[.]com
His consciousness sunk into a strange kind of void and serenity. The dancing flames in his sea of consciousness froze, as though under a Body Paralysis Spell, frozen and quiet.
In the sky of his consciousness, that star suddenly released a blinding light as it slowly revolved.
Sitting on the gravestone, Pu raised his head. Looking at the shining star above his head, he laughed soundlessly.
Zuo Mo had never felt his mind so clear. Everything seemed to be under his control. He just knew that he needed to quickly send out this sword energy, otherwise the sword energy was very likely that it would explode in his body and he would become a mess of blood and flesh. He also knew that on the other’s flying sword, with its uneven sword energy, he could find at least seven holes.
Yes, he couldn’t find any other descriptor. “Holes”, this label, he felt it was just appropriate.
It was much a wondrous feeling!
He was drowning in enjoyment.
Yet in the eyes of Xiao Guo and the others, at this time Shixiong seemed to be a sword exuding coldness! Every gaze that met his eyes felt their hearts shake. The usually warm and peaceful black pupils were entirely gray white, indifferent and empty, like a borderless tundra.
Even Liang Luo and Shi Xiang who just managed to arrive were shocked. Liang Luo couldn’t control his exclamation: “Whoa!”
For more, visit /lightnovelpub[.]/com
Shi Xiang was a much steadier person and saw in more detail. But when he found the other just had a cultivation of lianqi eighth level, his expression couldn’t help change slightly.
The flying sword, shrouded in a green light, turned into a stream of light and howled as it shot at Zuo Mo!
Just at this time, Zuo Mo’s slow moving right hand finally pointed.
Hiss!
It was like a strange beast baring its teeth. The two noises made by the energies ripping through air were dissonant and entirely different.
The temperature in the surroundings plummeted.
A white frosted sword energy leapt from Zuo Mo’s fingertips!
Ping!
Two streams of light, one green, one white, furiously slammed together!
For more, visit /lig//h/tnovelpub[.]com
There wasn’t the imagined explosion. The white sword energy that Zuo Mo released seemed like a patch of mist, hitting the other’s flying sword.
The other’s flying sword froze, paralyzed in midair.
That person’s expression changed drastically.
Ding, the flying sword landed on the ground, unmoving like a dead fish.
The weakness due to all the strength in the body being pulled out caused his consciousness to blank. That strange feeling was like the tide as it quickly retreated. But before that, he managed to make out his ice frost sword energy had accurately hit the flying sword in a spot near the back!
That was the most serious “hole” that Zuo Mo had found before. He instinctively chose it as his target of attack.
It was a pity that he hadn’t broken it!
Zuo Mo was regretful but his mind swirled and he fainted on the ground.
The female disciples behind him instantly screamed in fear.
Follow current novels on lig/htnove/lpub[.]/com
That disciple whose expression changed ran over to pick up his flying sword. When he saw the body was full of cracks, he instantly became angry and sad. When he looked at Zuo Mo on the ground, hatred rose up in his head. He couldn’t help roaring at his other fellow disciples: “You group of trash, what are you standing there for? Chop up this damned guy for me!”
The other disciples murmured but didn’t dare to go up. Zuo Mo’s bravery just now had deeply shocked them. And they weren’t dumb. From the looks of it, this incident would get big. Jumping out at this time, wasn’t it seeking death? The sect elders were too lazy to care about the little incidents that occurred everyday, but if they really wounded someone else, and the other’s elders went to the mountain, then they wouldn’t be well.
Seeing his friends not willing, the leader didn’t waste words. His face was twisted as he held up the flying sword and walked towards Zuo Mo!
Xiao Guo sobbed as she leapt over Zuo Mo’s body. Her small apple face was full of fear but she still kept Shixiong behind her. The other female disciples saw the circumstances, exchanged a look and gritted their teeth as they stood up.
“What do you want?”
“In this daytime, you dare commit a crime?”
“I’m telling you, I’ve endured you guys for a long time. Come on, chop me up! If we don’t find your elders this time to discuss everything, I’m telling you, I’m not a woman!”
……
It might have been they got into the swing of things but as one added a sentence here and another there, the vigor of the female disciples increased.
For more, visit /lightnovelpub[.]com
Watching from far away, Liang Luo also found the clue. He said in shock: “He really just has lianqi eighth level in cultivation? How can he have such a pure sword essence?”
“There are so many geniuses in this world.” Shi Xiang couldn’t resist sighing: “Just lianqi and having such pure sword essence, his potential is limitless! And it was originally a gold sword energy but it could transform into such an icy sword energy. Whose sect has such a disciple?”
Liang Luo was still staring in disbelief at Zuo Mo lying on the ground.
Even now, he still couldn’t believe a lianqi disciple could have such a pure sword essence!
For a sword xiu, the most important and the hardest to practice was sword essence! In the beginning, what they learned was all kinds of sword scriptures. After enduring countless battles and training, they would gradually comprehend sword essence. Sword essence was unable to be described in language. It depended on each individual to comprehend. Sword xiu that comprehended a sword essence were the only kind of real sword cultivators. Even if they didn’t have a flying sword, they still were sharp and unstoppable.
Sword scripture as a model, ling energy as the connection, but the true quintessence was sword essence!
Both of them had a cultivation of ningmai, and had only just entered the doorway to sword essence. Suddenly seeing a lianqi disciple having such pure sword essence, how could they not be shocked?
Holding the cracked flying sword, listening to the curses of Wu Kong Sword Sect’s female disciples, the person’s face turned black and then white, harshly yelling: “All of you, get out of my way!”
“Ah!” The female disciples that had just been aggressive instantly screamed and scattered in fear.
For more, visit lightnovelpub[./]com
Only Xiao Guo remained as she cried and unwaveringly protected Zuo Mo.
That person held the flying sword, a face full of viciousness as he shouted at Xiao Guo: “Get out of the way!”
Xiao Guo whined as she protected Zuo M, furiously shaking her head.
“You bitch!” The other was enraged. Lifting the sword, he made to slice, frightening Xiao Guo to close her eyes.
Bang!
Without a warning, the person suddenly seemed to have been hit by a large hammer. His entire body flew out five yards and didn’t move.
“Committing a crime publically in broad daylight, which sect are you from?” A calm voice suddenly sounded from behind Xiao Guo.
Two xiuzhe slowly came over, riding on green bulls. The one who spoke was Shi Xiang.
With one move, Shi Xiang had intimidated everyone. Even the most idiotic person knew that the other’s power was several levels higher. Fear came onto everyone’s faces but no one spoke.
Follow current novels on ligh/tnovelpub[/./]c/om
“En?” Shi Xiang heavily humphed in dissatisfaction: “Didn’t you hear me speak?”
At this time, a xiuzhe trembled as he came out. He gave a bow, responding: “We are the disciples from Dong Qi Sword Sect. Offending Elder, sorry, sorry!”
Dong Qi Sword Sect. Shi Xiang and Liang Luo exchanged a look, and imperceptibly furrowed their brows.
Shi Xiang sneered: “At what time Dong Qi Sword Sect was able to freely harass the female disciples of other sects? I should go ask Zuo Mei Tian, is this how he teaches the disciples?”
The name Zuo Mei Tian instantly caused everyone’s expressions to change drastically, turning into terror.
“Leave! If you do this again, don’t blame me for not being courteous!” Shi Xiang waved his sleeve and ordered for them to leave.
The disciples of Dong Qi Sword Sect hurriedly took their shixiong and ran frantically as they left.
Turning his face, Shi Xiang looked at the crowd of female disciples. In a warm voice, he said: “Don’t worry, this little brother is only suffering from exhaustion of ling energy, nothing major. Which sect are you from?”



Chapter 30: Schemes
It’s not that Zuo Mo isn’t useful or strong for his age and experience. It’s just that Wei Sheng outshines everyone else. Wu Kong Sword Sect is a small sect but people are starting to know of it.
Chapter Thirty Schemes
“Greetings to both elders. We are disciples of Wu Kong Sword Sect.” A sensible female disciple hurried answered. The other’s cultivation was astounding, and he had helped them out of trouble. He shouldn’t have any enmity.
Wu Kong Sword Sect!
Shi Xiang and Liang Rong’s expressions instantly became strange. They hadn’t thought that right after discussing someone else’s sect, they actually saved the disciples of that sect and it was a whole crowd.
The two’s gazes uncontrollably landed on Zuo Mo’s body.
“This little brother is?” Shi Xiang tried to make his expression seem normal. In reality, his expression was still strange. This disciple lying on the ground only had a cultivation of lianqi eighth level and naturally could not be Wei Sheng.
When did Wu Kong Sword Sect produce another genius?
Shi Xiang was full of surprise. He had personally seen the apparition when Wei Sheng entered zhuji. The picture of the sword energy rising to the heavens was deeply ingrained in his mind. Every time he thought of it, he would be in awe. Originally, he had assumed that all geniuses in the world would be so yet what he saw today shocked him deeply once again.
He had never heard of a lianqi disciple that could comprehend sword essence!
The most up-to-date novels are published on l/ightnovelpub[./]com
That disciple’ sword essence was not whole. With his experience, he naturally could see at first glance that this disciple had just touched the door to sword essence. His sword essence could only be called in the fledging stage. But this was enough to surprise him. Even more, this lianqi disciple’s sword essence was extremely weak but it was extremely pure.
This quality made him extremely puzzled.
When normal xiuzhe comprehended the sword essence, at the very beginning, it was always extremely heterogeneous. Over time, through the trials of time, the trials of one’s temperament, it would slowly turn to become pure.
Just touching on the sword essence, and having such pure sword essence, it was something completely unimaginable! Thinking about his hard work these years, his heart didn’t feel good.
When did sword essence become something that even lianqi disciples could play with?
Wu Kong Sword Sect!
This unknown sect suddenly became mysterious in Shi Xiang’s eyes.
A Wei Sheng who caused an apparition in zhuji, and now adding on an unknown disciple who could comprehend sword essence in the stage of lianqi!
“This is our shixiong Zuo Mo.” The female disciple said proudly: “Shixiong is the strongest in our outer sect disciples!”
The source of this content is light/no/velpub[./]c/om
The other female disciples all nodded their heads in agreement.
What had just happened totally changed their impressions of Zuo Mo. Zombie Shixiong might be a bit greedy, but he wasn’t soft in the face of danger and had a sense of responsibility! When Zuo Mo had comprehended the sword essence and released that last blow, that terrifying presence made them feel deeply intimidated.
Outer sect disciple……
A vein throbbed in Liang Luo’s forehead. A genius that could comprehend sword essence in the stage of lianqi was only an outer sect disciple……
He was very suspicious that he heard it wrong.
Shi Xiang’s expression froze as well before quickly returning to normal. The smile on his face became even warmer: “As expected, it really is heroes come from the youth. Oh, I have a Ling Restoring Dan, it’s just perfect for this. Come, I’ll help him use it.”
He took out a jade bottle from his bosom and poured out a dan about the size of a mung bean. He got off the green bull and coming to Zuo Mo’s side, he shoved the ling restoring dan in Zuo Mo’s mouth.
Liang Luo stared with wide eyes at Shixiong’s enthusiasm. Ling restoring dan wasn’t something cheap. One pill was twenty pieces of second-grade jingshi. Even they only were given a specified portion each month. Shixiong actually gave it to a stranger.
He stared dazedly at Shixiong who seemed like a completely different person feed another ling herbs and even aided him in absorbing the ling herbs.
For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com
Zuo Mo slowly woke up. When he opened his eyes, he saw a strange face. He was instantly startled and unconsciously sat up.
“Little brother, don’t be scared. We don’t have malicious aims.” The other said with a smile and flashed to the side.
The befuddled Zuo Mo stood up and suddenly found his body was warm, wisps of ling energy spreading through his body. The previous exhaustion had all been swept away. Seeing him wake up, the female disciples instantly crowded over, talking over each other as they narrated everything that had happened.
It was only now that Zuo Mo knew he had been saved by the other people. He quickly went in front of Shi Xiang and Liang Luo to bow and give thanks: “Many thanks to both elders for your rescue! This junior can’t thank you enough!”
“Little brother Zuo doesn’t have to be so courteous. I felt you familiar at first sight. Just a minor thing, don’t keep it on the mind.” Shi Xiang smiled and responded: “We are from Chi Sword Sect. Actually, Chi Sword Sect and Wu Kong Sword Sect aren’t that far away. Everyone is like one family.”
Liang Luo wanted to roll his eyes hearing that. What was called not that far away? He had never heard that there was a Wu Kong Sword Sect in the surroundings. What was with shixiong today? Why was he so strange?
Zuo Mo said gratefully: “If the two elders hadn’t lent their aid……”
Shi Xiang waved his hands, interrupting Zuo Mo’s words: “We’ll regard each other as the same generation. I’ll call you Little Brother Zuo. Haha, Little Brother Zuo has a limitless future, maybe it is us that are social climbing.”
“Elder is exaggerating.” Zuo Mo couldn’t understand the other’s meaning. This kind of praises made him puzzled: “Junior is only an outer sect disciple, there’s nothing to speak of in terms of future.”
New novel chapters are published on ligh/tnovelpub[.]com
Shi Xiang brushed away his annoyance: “Is it that Little Brother Zuo doesn’t like us two? Elder, elder, it really is irritating.”
“Uh……” Zuo Mo couldn’t help but struggle. In the world of xiuzhe, other than in the same sect, there wasn’t any distinction of age between different sects. And there was no age in cultivation, and it was hard to distinguish from the appearance. Usually, most of it was divided by the cultivation. Those stronger were elders, no matter their age.
Even though he couldn’t detect the other’s cultivation, but to be able to easily make that crowd leave, these two people were more than sufficient to be called elders by him. He was very sensible. Like that little thousand crane. If he hadn’t been certain that the other wouldn’t find him, he wouldn’t have written such a reply.
Right now, facing the others, he was naturally docile.
Just at this time, Shi Xiang smiled and informed: “You can call us da ge.[i] I am Shi Xiang, he is my shidi Liang Luo.”
Zuo Mo was incomparably obedient and bowed again: “Shi da ge, Liang da ge!”
The female disciples all looked with admiration at Zuo Mo. To have relations with strong xiuzhe, there were naturally many benefits. This elder in front of them clearly was admiring of Zuo Mo shixiong. Shixiong really hit the jackpot!
As expected, they heard Shi Xiang continue: “Since you have called me da ge, as the brother, I naturally have to have a meeting gift. This [Ice Crystal Sword], even if it is third grade, but its attributes lean towards cold and yin. I saw that Brother Zuo’s sword essence leans towards ice and this flying sword is perfect for you.”
Under a crowd of drooling gazes, Zuo Mo dazedly received this flying sword.
Updated from light/novel/pub[.]com
The sword was about two feet and seven or so inches. The body was translucent and sparkling as though it was carved from ice, and emitted cold air.
A pie fell down from heaven and hit him unconscious. The appearance of this flying sword wasn’t ordinary, Zuo Mo straightforwardly converted it to jingshi in his mind……
So many jingshi……
Shi Xiang kept giving looks at Liang Luo. Liang Luo helplessly reached into his bosom and after fishing for a while, took out a folded seal paper with some pain. He threw it at Zuo Mo, coldly informing: “Spirit Travelling Seal.”
Zuo Mo was so happy right now he almost fainted!
He wasn’t clear about the price of the flying sword but he had some knowledge of the price of the spirit travelling seal. The conditions for a person to use the spirit travelling seal was not high. It was one of the rare paper seals that a lianqi could use. Putting this seal on the legs, travel a thousand miles without being tired. It was much faster than his flying paper crane.
Carefully taking the spirit travelling seal, he took a look, and determined inside that this was a third grade Spirit Travelling Seal!
Oh!
This two were so generous! However, the suspicions in his heart increased rather than decreased.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovel/pub[.]com
There was no such thing as uncalled for love in this word. These two items, any one of them was worth more than his entire wealth. The other had no reason to carelessly give to someone. This was what really puzzled him.
“Today, we still have other matters so farewell! After a few days, we’ll go to Wu Kong Mountain to find you and have a drink!”
Shi Xiang smiled as he bid farewell to Zuo Mo and, along with Liang Luo, rode the green bulls as they quickly disappeared.
Zuo Mo was dumbstruck. Seeing the two vanish, after a beat, he suddenly said to the female disciples: “Someone pinch me, is this a dream?”
Seven or eight hands simultaneously reached over.
A shriek echoed on the mountain path!
“Shixiong, what were you doing?” Liang Luo was slightly discontent. A Spirit Travelling Seal naturally wasn’t anything big to him but he wasn’t so generous to give it to a stranger. If it wasn’t that he was extremely trusting of shixiong, he wouldn’t have even paid attention.
Sitting on the green bull, Shi Xiang was pleased: “He is an outer sect disciple.”
“What about an outer sect disciple? There are many outer sect disciples in this world.” Liang Luo said unconcernedly.
For more, visit li/ghtnovelpub[.]com
Shi Xiang glanced at Liang Luo. He asked in return: “What does Shidi feel about Zuo Mo’s talent?”
Liang Luo choked. A moment later, he squeezed out a sentence: “Not bad, better than me.”
“Shidi has no need to undervalue yourself. If you train hard, you will naturally win over him.” Shi Xiang was afraid that his shidi’s confidence would suffer and comforted. He then said solemnly: “However, such talents, no matter in what sect, he should be one of the more important disciples in the sect. But he actually is only an outer sect disciple!”
Liang Luo wasn’t stupid and instantly reacted: “Does Shixiong want to recruit him into our sect?”
“Why can’t I? Such potential, that Wu Kong Sword Sect hasn’t recognized it, wouldn’t it complete us? An outer sect disciple entering another sect, if Wu Kong Sword Sect came up to our door, they wouldn’t have a foot to stand on.”
Liang Luo knew what Shixiong said was true. The turnover rate and mobility of outer sect disciples were extremely high. Those that entered another sect were countless. If they swindled Zuo Mo over, Wu Kong Sword Sect could not move based on this.
“Such potential, are his elders blind? Could it be an elder purposefully putting him in the outer sect disciples to toughen?” Liang Luo voiced a doubt.
Shi Xiang answered: “Haha, remember how he answered when I praise him for his limitless future? What he said proved that the definitely wasn’t put in the outer sect by the elders. Thinking about that, I feel there is another possibility. It is probably that he only just comprehended the sword essence and his sect elders hadn’t found out yet.”
Liang Luo’s mind jumped: “Then why didn’t we just take him with us right now? If he returns to the mountain and something else happened, wouldn’t it be ruined?”
The source of this content is lightnovelp/ub[.]com
“Don’t panic. I saw that he was very cautious of us, and there were too many people. If we try too hard now, it would be unlikely to succeed. It’s better to back off first and wait for a few days before we go find him. Move with feelings, entice with benefits, I’m confident it will work.” Shi Xiang explained confidently.
Liang Luo realized: “Shixiong is wise!”
The two smiled at each other.
[i] 大哥: eldest brother



Chapter 31: Choice
Chapter Thirty One Choice
Zuo Mo had come to Dong Fu many times before and would always window-shop. However, to accompany women, especially a crowd of women to window-shop, this required a very strong endurance of the body, probably only those who cultivated the body could endure.
Seeing that they brought everything they needed, Zuo Mo sneaked away.
He first went to buy the gold ore. What Pu Yao had said last time, he remembered it. He also brought a jade stick full of basic seal formations. Even though there were teachings from the sect, but there were only just a few kinds. Seal formations were something that all xiuzhe had to learn. No matter if it was forging or making dan, it all required understanding seal formations.
Zuo Mo brought them to create ling fields in the future, even if it was far away. The jade stick didn’t cost much, the expensive one was the gold ore. Twenty pieces of second grade jingshi was enough for him to suffer in pain for a long time but he still decided to buy it.
His attitude now was different than before. Before, he only looked at jingshi. Even if he still liked jingshi, but he put more importance on the future.
After Fourth Shigu revealed it, he was clear that he couldn’t return to the past. Those simple aspirations were completely shattered. He was walking on a road that he didn’t know the destination of. What was waiting in the front for him? Breaking into pieces? Finding the answer? He didn’t know.
What had seemed fresh and exciting in the past was now dull and tasteless now.
He found a quiet place to sit down and started to think back to the last sword energy he had released. No one taught him. Even Pu Yao only made him experience it for himself. Towards Pu Yao, he only felt grateful. If there wasn’t Pu Yao, he might not even have the chance to seek answers.
Now that he had the chance, how could he not treasure it?
Follow current novels on light/n//ovelpub[.]com
He hadn’t realized his own transformation. He suddenly understood some of what Wei Sheng Shixiong felt. Obsession, unrelenting obsession! Every time he thought about his appearance being changed, his mind erase, his wooden face would burn with pain like it was reminding him there was a pair of hands that wiped away his face, that were was a pair of hands that wiped away his memories. This burning that seeped in his bones made him unable to tolerate himself muddle-headedly living.
He wanted answers!
He was very clear just how low his starting point was. He didn’t want to waste even one second. He thought of all the ways, worked over his minds, used all his cunning to make himself stronger, to let himself have greater power –– he wanted answers!
In the corner of the busy street, he serenely coiled his legs and mused.
In the roaring sea of fire, Pu sat on the gravestone and lazily listened to the sound tablet.
The female disciples finally brought all they needed. Everyone’s faces were brimming with content. Zuo Mo finally released a breath. He was now in a rush to return back. Today’s encounter let him have a taste of power. He desperately and impatiently wanted to keep training.
But in consideration of the safety of these female disciples, he still sat on the flying paper crane and slowly followed them. But he still took grasp of each bit of time.
Returning to the little yard, the first thing Zuo Mo did was put the black gold worm and the gold ore together, dig a small hole near the ling vein and bury them.
After burial, he entered his consciousness. Facing Pu Yao, he said: “Pu, let’s continue!”
New novel chapters are published on l/i//ghtnovelpub[.]com
Unexpectedly, Pu lazily said: “Continue? Continue what?”
Zuo Mo blanked before quickly recovering his calm: “What conditions do you have?”
“Hee hee, it’s so convenient talking with smart people.” Pu smiled lightly and straightened: “This is correct, where in the world are there free meals? Hee hee, I want souls.”
“Souls?” Zuo Mo jumped in fear.
Pu Yao’s expression was relaxed and his voice carefree as he said: “Souls are good things. The taste fresh, full of vitality. Blood, human meat, they can’t compare.”
Just a few words and Zuo Mo became quite scared. In his mind, he couldn’t help but think of those great monsters, eating raw human meat, pulling tendons, sucking marrow, eating souls. For a xiuzhe whose dream was becoming a ling plant farmer, things like souls were enough to make him jump out of his skin.
“No way!” Zuo Mo resolutely refused. Pu Yao was truly a great monster!
Even though he wanted power, but he definitely didn’t want himself become a servant of power!
“Didn’t you want to learn the sword? Hee hee, other than the sword, I still have many other things to teach you, I have many talismans. Hee hee, as long as you have good souls, I can exchange all of it……” Pu’s crimson tongue licked his lips, voice full of enticement.
This content is taken from lightnovelpub/[.]com
“No way!” Zuo Mo suddenly relaxed. He sat down facing Pu Yao, stating: “I’m not interested in killing people.”
“Oh?” Pu Yao raised a thin eyebrow, his eyes narrowing: “You have to think clearly. Other people’s lives, how can they be as valuable as yours? Heehee, it actually is very simple to kill another. Oh, one soul and I will let you have a good comprehension of this sword essence and can teach you many things.”
“I just knew that you didn’t have good intentions.” Zuo Mo glared fixedly at Pu, coldly stating: “Pity you have the wrong plan.”
Pu Yao continued to chuckle.
Zuo Mo suddenly felt his body tighten and couldn’t move.
“I’m wrong?” Pu Yao suddenly raise his voice.
“Hehe, so many years, no one has ever dared to say I’m wrong in front of me!”
He slowly walked in front of the unmovable Zuo Mo, his icy hands touching Zuo Mo’s neck: “Afraid? Hee hee, great! I really tried many kinds and found that terror is the best flavour in all of the souls. Did you know? Souls that died with great terror, it’s like a beautiful wine that fermented perfectly. Just eating it once, ooh, it is unforgettable.”
A cold finger swiped across the blood vessel on Zuo Mo’s neck, Pu Yao’s expression was mirthful, the crimson red eyes flashed with craziness.
For more, visit li/g/h/tnovelpub[/.]com
Zuo Mo’s body shook. He kept telling himself not to be afraid, but terror was like a spring that couldn’t be plugged, furiously sprouting out. No matter how he tried, his body wouldn’t move.
“Struggle is useless.” Pu Yao was still smiling, his eyes cold: “Your stupidity really makes me disappointed. Didn’t you know, pets need to realize that they are pets?”
He hated this feeling!
Being manipulated, being controlled, his body not in control……
Something in Zuo Mo’s heart seemed to have lit up. Terror was swiftly taken over by anger. His blood seemed to have be burning. He couldn’t help swearing: “Go to hell!”
“Such a stubborn little thing.” Pu Yao shook his head and smiled, his right hand gently squeezing.
“Ah!” Zuo Mo gave a wail. His entire person seemed to be bound by an invisible hand into a strange shape.
The pain in his body was like countless thin needles piercing his body. His awareness started to dull.
Just at that moment, a warm stream suddenly rose up from Zuo Mo’s chest.
The source of this content is l/ightnovelpub[./]com
“Want to intefere?” Pu Yao seemed to have found a naughty thing and his mouth had a light smile. His entire body suddenly disappeared from his spot and appeared next to Zuo Mo, his right hands easily thrusting into Zuo Mo’s chest!
Easily taking his hand out of Zuo Mo’s chest, a five colored bead appeared between his fingers.
This bead was the size of a mung bean. It looked like a rainbow glass, light swirling inside.
Leisurely examining the small bead for a while, Pu muttered to himself: “So it was this thing.” Finishing, he prepared to crush the bead.
Just at this moment, his hand suddenly stopped moving.
Wisps of black smoke spread from the gravestone, slow and solid. In the blink of an eye, the sky above the sea of flames was covered by black clouds.
The dancing flames seemed to be quite afraid of these misty black clouds. They shrunk down, a rarely seen sight. The star that was in the sky was also robbed of light by the black clouds.
Pu dazedly stood, motionless. An extremely complicated emotion floated in his bloody eye, seemingly sorrowful, seemingly happy, seemingly fond, seemingly furious……
After a long time, he said lightly.
Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
“You really want to choose such a piece of rubbish?”
The black clouds moved, the layers roiling. The roaring sea of fire seemed to be suppressed, almost extinguishing while that star in the sky had almost completely disappeared.
Pu Yao stood like a tree, seeming to not have registered it.
The black clouds became even thicker. The entire sea of consciousness was now a patch of black, nothing could be seen.
He suddenly sneered, the light flashing in his bloody right eye: “You do know that to want to persuade me, it isn’t that simple.”
The surroundings became quiet. The black clouds didn’t give a response and the two sides were deadlocked.
After an unknown length of time, the light in Pu Yao’s bloody right eyes gradually dimmed. He suddenly laughed lightly, and with the burdens of the ages, he shrugged helplessly: “It’s always like this, so boring.”
His finger flicked and the glass bead in his hands entered Zuo Mo’s body.
The black clouds instantly clear without a trace to be found.
Follow current novels on lightnovelpub[.]com
The sea of fire that lost its suppressor started to once again burn fiercely. That star in the sky gave off light.
Pu Yao stared at the gravestone for a long time without speaking.
Zuo Mo slowly woke up. When he opened his eyes, he hurriedly inspected his body. Seeing it uninjured, he finally gave a breath of relief.
What had happened? Why did Pu Yao let go of him?
Just when he was puzzled, Pu Yao suddenly appeared.
“You really took a long time to wake up.” Pu Yao’s expression was full of mockery: “Such a fragile spirit. Originally, I had wanted to play. I hadn’t bargained for a few thousand years. It ruined my fun. But it is normal. A person that doesn’t have his features or mind, his heart naturally is also soft. I’m so pitiful.”
Zuo Mo was silent. His fists uncontrollably tightened.
“Speaking about it, there is a place that has souls and you don’t have to kill anyone. But it is very dangerous. How about it? Are you interested?” Pu Yao’s expression was leisurely.
“What place?” Zuo Mo asked in spite of himself. Just now, Pu Yao’s words pierced his heart.
Visit light/n/ovelpub[.]com for a better experience
“Heehee, you don’t need to know now. Don’t worry, you don’t need to kill anyone. You just have to say whether you agree or not. As to payment, when your conditions are enough, I naturally will let you be satisfied.”
“I agree.” He didn’t think about it further. Zuo Mo nodded. As long as he didn’t have to kill anyone, he wasn’t afraid of danger.
He didn’t have anything else to lose.
“Ai, finally finished this transaction. For a few souls, this really wasn’t easy. Business, not doing it for a long time, I really deteriorated.” Pu Yao ruefully said in an experienced tone.
Zuo Mo didn’t know what to say.
Pu Yao turned his face over: “Alright, let’s discuss another transaction.”
“Another transaction?” Zuo Mo was full of wariness and some puzzlement.
“Jingshi, I require jingshi.” Pu Yao chucked: “Want to experience sword essence? Ten pieces of second grade jingshi each time. How about it, isn’t it cheap?”
Zuo Mo stared with a gaping mouth.
Visit /lig/htnovelpub[.]/c/om for a better experience



Chapter 32: Refusal
Chapter Thirty Two Refusal
The little dark gold sword cheerfully flew around Zuo Mo’s fingers. It was extremely fast, leaving behind a dash of gold light like a gold colored lightning bolt.
Zuo Mo’s eyes showed happiness.
[Art of Aged Gold] finally reached the third level! After the third level, the aged gold energy also transformed. The once dark gold sands became even finer and shinier, the gold sword that was formed even more exquisite. It was like a narrow fish, nimbly darting and swerving.
The little gold sword was very small. The region it moved in was only his palm and the sword moves were all very simple. There was none of the grand moves. However, if an experienced sword xiu was here, they could be shocked to find that contained in the movements of this little gold sword was a faint strand of sword essence.
Zuo Mo could also feel this small strand of sword essence. Other than joy, he couldn’t help but feel pain.
Returning home, no matter how hard he tried to remember, he still couldn’t find the feeling of that last sword strike that day. With no other solution, he could only spend jingshi at Pu Yao’s to experience sword essence.
Ten pieces of second grade jingshi each time!
He spent all the jingshi he had and finally comprehended a sliver of sword essence! It was this sliver of sword essence that caused his [Art of Aged Gold] to break through to the third level.
Compared to before, the present Pu Yao was a completely unscrupulous businessman that only recognized jingshi and nothing else. He didn’t know what really happened the last time, why did Pu Yao release him in the end? It was clear that Pu Yao’s attitude towards him had changed slightly.
Follow current novels on li/ghtn/ovelpub[.]/com
He seemed even more impatient, even hard to communicate with, if there was no matter about him and he was called, he would ignore … …
But for some reason, Zuo Mo felt the present Pu Yao was much safer, even though he needed to spend large amounts of jingshi.
[Art of Aged Gold] reaching the third level meant that he only needed one more spell to reach the third level before he could become a ling plant farmer. If he became a ling plant farmer, his status in the sect would be drastically different. The sect would supply him with large amount of resources and then he could even more quickly increase his strength.
The question he was facing now was what spell to choose to make a breakthrough.
In the end, he chose [Art of Flora]. In the low level spells, [Art of Flora] was renowned for its complicated finger motions. This was also the reason that Zuo Mo chose it. Finger motions, its trace could be found in almost all low level spells. Low level xiuzhe didn’t have enough cultivation and frequently needed the assistance of the finger motions to completely cast. Even though after the stage of jingdan, finger motions would almost completely disappear, but before that, finger motions was a very useful technique.
Just as Zuo Mo was concentrating on practising his finger motions, Pu Yao, sitting on the gravestone in the sea of consciousness, snorted and said to himself: “You just chose this piece of rubbish?
After practicing for a long time, Zuo Mo found that he was stuck at the same level. If he wanted to improve more, it was very difficult. His finger motions were actually very proficient, but it was always lacking flow. Thinking about the special feeling when he used Art of Flora to help Li Ying Feng shiji and the others weed, he guess that was the direction he should work at. But the profound feeling, similar to when he had released the sword at the enemy last time, no matter how he thought, he couldn’t find it.
Asking Pu Yao! It was a pity that Zuo Mo didn’t have any more jingshi.
For the next following days, he still didn’t have any ideas. The stubbornness in Zuo Mo’s bones was aroused.
Visit /li/ghtno/velpub[.]c/om for a better experience
Wasn’t it just finger motions?
He thought of a way.
He took out a basin of water. Submerging both hands in the water, he started to practice his finger motions underwater.
The feeling under in the water was expectedly different. The resistance was much greater. The finger motions, originally well practiced, instantly became scattered.
Zuo Mo instantly became alert. He felt he found the direction!
What he was most afraid of was not having a direction. If he could find the direction, he could overcome even the biggest problem.
Just at this time, Shi Xiang and Liang Luo came to visit as they promised. The two’s visit was very unexpected to Zuo Mo. He had originally thought the two were insincere and just said it, and never though they would actually really come.
Two ningmai xiuzhe coming to visit a lianqi outer sect disciple. No one would believe it.
“Haha, Little Brother Zuo, it’s only been a few days, and you’ve improved greatly. I think that very soon you would enter zhuji.” Shi Xiang smiled and then with a face full of concern, said: “Have you prepared what you need for zhuji? I have a few zhuji dan here, the grade isn’t bad.”
For more, visit li/gh/tnove//lpub[.]com
Zuo Mo was even more cautious. Unreasonable attention, if it wasn’t malicious, it was robbery. The other was way too enthusiastic and he automatically was on the defence.
His mouth hurried replied: “Shi da ge is too kind. Just a while ago, Fourth Shigu bestowed a zhuji dan, it’s enough for me.”
Liang Luo and Shi Xiang quietly exchanged a look but this didn’t escape Zuo Mo’s watch.
Shi Xiang smiled, responding: “That’s good, that’s good!” Inside, he thought that it was not going well. Had Zuo Mo’s elders started to pay attention to his potential?
“Such a genius such as Little Brother Zuo would always attract attention no matter the place. Haha. When are you becoming an inner sect disciple, we can come and celebrate.” He didn’t give up and probed.
Zuo Mo shook his head: “Our sect needs zhuji before it is enough to become an inner sect disciple. It’s still too early.”
Hope rose in Shi Xiang. His face was greatly shocked: “Oh, but such a great talent as Little Brother Zuo also have to be limited by such old fashioned rules?”
He didn’t know what the other wanted. Zuo Mo said cautiously: “Shi da ge is joking, where do I count as a genius?”
At one side, Liang Luo was already impatient. He always liked being straightforward and crisply opened: “Little Brother Zuo, why don’t you come to our Chi Sword Sect. If you are willing to come, you would definitely be a core disciple!”
Follow current novels on lightnovelpub[.]com
Shi Xiang looked nervously at Zuo Mo.
Zuo Mo blanked. After a long beat, he finally reacted and smiled hesitantly: “Both da ge, don’t joke. This brother knows how much I’m worth.”
Shi Xiang said seriously: “We aren’t joking and are inviting you sincerely. Little Brother Zuo’s talents are exceptional, but the hardship in the long journey of cultivation, I’m sure that Little Brother Zuo is very clear. With your talents, you should try to enter zhuji as fast as possible and leave behind the common duties, concentrate on cultivating and be assisted by guidance from elders. I cannot promise that you could reach the top but becoming jindan, the possibility is very great!”
Zuo Mo stared dazedly at the two people.
“If you are always entangled in these common duties, no matter how good your talents are, they would be wasted.” Shi Xiang said earnestly.
They were sincere……
Zuo Mo believed in the two people’s words but suddenly he also felt this was preposterous. At what time did he become exceptionally talented and was invited by others to enter a sect?
Talent? He didn’t have that kind of thing. Otherwise, would the sect leader not have seen it? The sect leader had been the one that brought him back. In the past he would sometimes think that maybe it was that the sect leader didn’t have good enough insight but the presence that night the sect leader and the shishu had exuded made him understand that the shishu that usually didn’t appear were all powerful and extraordinary people.
The two people were only interested him because of Pu Yao. If other people had the same opportunities as him, they would definitely be much stronger than him.
Visit l/ightnov/elpub/[/.]com for the best novel reading experience
He thought about two years ago, the instant that he opened his eyes……
Thought about him sweating up a storm in the ling fields……
Shi Xiang and Liang Luo didn’t speak. They were quietly waiting for Zuo Mo’s choice. Even though they didn’t understand what he had to hesitate about. They had given sufficient sincerity. This kind of benefits, giving them to a lianqi disciple, it had never happened at Chi Sword Sect.
After a long time, when the lowered head of Zuo Mo rose and the muddled eyes recovered clarity, the two knew that Zuo Mo had made a choice.
Zuo Mo said earnestly: “Many thanks to both da ge for your good will. This brother appreciates it. These years, I’m used to living in Wu Kong Sword Sect. The sect and the elders have been very attentive to me and I have no intentions of leaving!”
The tone wasn’t heavy but it was full of a kind of determination.
In his sea of consciousness, Pu Yao disdainfully spat out a word: “Idiot!”
Disappointed expressions came upon Shi Xiang and Liang Luo’s faces. But they also knew that it wouldn’t be effective to speak more. They didn’t have the interest in chatting and after exchanging a few more words, they bid farewell.
Sending away the two, Zuo Mo returned to his little yard and stared into space. Then he continued to bury his head in practising [Art of Flora].
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
The time passed by extremely full. Pu Yao didn’t pay attention to Zuo Mo. Zuo Mo was happy to not be disturbed. If the devil didn’t torment him, he thanked the earth and the heavens. Every day, he would travel to Cold Mist Valley, learn to care for all kinds of ling herbs. After [Art of Aged Gold] reached the third level, the power increased greatly. He inspected all the ling herbs in Cold Mist Valley one by one and found some deeply hidden pests. After spending effort to exterminate those pests, his [Art of Aged Gold] became even more proficient.
He still couldn’t imprint on the flying sword so he decided to use the little aged gold sword to practise sword scriptures and ruminate on sword essence.
In the water, he practised [Art of Flora] and reinforced his finger movements.
All the other time, he devoted it all to [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation]. The main use of [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] was to increase consciousness but Zuo Mo found that it could also increase ling energy. The effects were much better than his mainstream crappy [Ten Principles Scripture]. He basically abandoned [Ten Principles Scripture] and changed to cultivate [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation].
Everyday, he only rested for four hours. All the other time was put on cultivation, continuous cultivation.
During this period of time, he wanted his [Art of Flora] to reach the third level.
After this little while, the new cycle of planting ling grains would arrive. He would be occupied. In that case, there would be much less time left for cultivation.
In the basin of water, a pair of withered hands, from fingertip to wrist, were all immersed in water. The parts above the wrist were bare in the air.
Zuo Mo’s eyes were closed, exhaling and concentrating.
The source of this content is /lightnovelpub[.]com
Suddenly, the ten thin fingers moved, fast as light, creating layers of undercurrents, the movements adding a kind of cold flavour. The speed at which the fingers moved was extremely fast. The surface of the water was like boiling water, countless undercurrents restlessly moving but what was strange was that not even a drop splashed.
The two wrists seemed to be made of copper, not moving a sliver. The nimbleness of the ten fingers were astounding, the dazzling finger movements changing.
The closed eyes didn’t open. Zuo Mo’s breathing unconsciously became heavier.
The movements of his hands became even faster. The fingers under the water were unable to be distinguished. Splashes bloomed like flowers, the speed became faster, the collision between splashes suddenly became vicious.
The water in the basin seemed to have been lifted by an invisible hand. The surface of the water completely raised up two centimeters.
As the speed of the ten fingers became faster, the surface became even higher.
That pair of withered hands seemed to have a strange attraction, sucking the ball of water and holding it in midair.
Suddenly, Zuo Mo opened his eyes!
The ten fingers in the water suddenly became straight. Bang. The ball of water sucked onto the hands broke like a vase, turning into ten bursts of water arrows, slashing out!
For more, visit ligh/tnovel//pub[.]com
Joy made its way onto Zuo Mo’s eyes.



Chapter 33: The Spring Sprout Jade Medal
Over at mangaupates, an user called macoo left behind this great description of the novel:
“Xiuzhen Shijie (World of Cultivation) is the tale of a disgruntled young man and his quest to be the best farmer he can be, at least if it wasn’t for those annoying people keep getting in the way of his pursuit of agricultural excellence.
Will conspiring forces turn him into a sword cultivator, or will he manage to throw off the shackles of fate and grow he best darn crops in the sect? Those airheaded cultivators dream of too much nonsense and don’t know how to live properly, they need to get a real job to earn some jingshi for a living like a normal person!”
I think this is a better synopsis than both of my attempts.
Chapter Thirty Three The Spring Sprout Jade Medal
Dong Fu.
As one of the thirteen primary towns of Tian Yue Jie, all kinds of authorities were very developed. Even though Tian Yue Jie was governed by Kun Lun Jing, and it was primarily made up of sword sects, but the requirements of sword xiu to need all kinds of resources wasn’t small. So while the core disciples of all the sects cultivated the sword, they would still try very hard to attract other kinds of xiuzhe.
Different xiuzhe received different treatment. The same types of xiuzhe would also receive different treatment based on their cultivation. Due to this, the evaluations of all kinds of professions were extremely important. It would be a very difficult thing to get a sword xiu to determine the skill level of a ling plant farmer. For each xiuzhe, after being professionally licensed, they could quickly find a satisfactory job in every location.
All kinds of cultivators had their own authorities. The ling plant farmers had the Institute of Ling Plants, the beast speakers had the Institute of Beast Language.
“Congratulations, it’s very rare to see such a young ling plants farmer in Dong Fu. And you have comprehended the fourth level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], your future is limitless!” The ling plant farmer responsible for the exam smiled as he gave Zuo Mo a jade medal. Barely visible inside the medal was a small and tender sprout, five elements energy revolving around it.
Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
The jade medals of a ling plant farmer were sorted into four levels. Spring sprout, summer flower, autumn fruit and winter hibernation. There were even finer distinctions at each level but those exams were extremely complicated. Many ling plant farmers only ever did the licensing for the four levels.
Zuo Mo joyfully took the jade medal. To get this jade medal, he really hadn’t wasted all his effort!
The ling plants farmer in Dong Fu only had the authority to give out spring sprout jade medals. To get a higher level jade medal, he needed to go to a more prosperous place. However, in the short term, Zuo Mo completely didn’t have to consider that problem. The levelling up of ling plants farmers was extremely hard. The summer flower jade medal required all five kinds of spells to reach the fifth level. Other than that, they needed to know how to create ling fields above the fourth grade.
After giving thanks to the elder, Zuo Mo decided to leave the institute. Just as he came out of the Institute of Ling Plants, numerous people instantly circled around.
“Mister Zuo, our sect desperately needs a ling plant farmer, is Mister Zuo willing … …”
“Don’t listen to him, he’s only a small sect, can’t give good benefits. Our sect is much more prosperous, you can ask for all the benefits you … …”
“If you are willing to come to our sect… …”
……
The explosions of sound caused Zuo Mo’s head to turn to a mess.
New novel chapters are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
Just at this time, a deep voice suddenly interrupted: “Sorry, excuse me. Everyone, don’t block my shizhi [1]. Sorry, please make way.” The voice wasn’t loud but everyone heard it clearly. A hidden presence spread and the crowd naturally made way. Just this cultivation was enough to make everyone stop talking.
Seeing the smiling fat person not far away, Zuo Mo’s heart jumped and he hurriedly went up to bow: “Third Shishu!” And then bowed to Li Ying Feng behind Yan Le: “Shijie!”
The smile on Yan Le’s face was harmonious and affable. He patted Zuo Mo’s shoulder: “Not bad, not bad. Didn’t think a ling plant farmer could come out of our sect. The sect leader will be ecstatic. If it wasn’t that I had something to do in Dong Fu, I’m afraid I wouldn’t even know.”
At this time, Li Ying Feng added: “When Shidi went weeding a short while ago, I knew that our sect would soon have a ling plant farmer. But I didn’t think Shidi would be this fast. Shidi, congratulations!”
“Just a fluke, fluke!” Facing Yan Le Shishu, Zuo Mo was extremely nervous. A great monster was still living in his head.
If Shishu found out … …
He barely kept his composure, his mouth going: “My luck was good recently. Originally, even I thought it would take longer.”
“This clearly says that our sect is soon to rise!” The smile on Yan Le’s face became energetic: “Let’s go, today is a happy occasion. Pick whatever you like, it would be Shishu’s gift to you.”
Li Ying Feng smiled from the side, adding: “Yeah, Shidi made this such an unexpected attack, as a shijie, I didn’t even have time to prepare a present.”
New novel chapters are published on lightnovel/p/ub[.]c/om
“No, no, Shijie is too polite.” Zuo Mo furiously waved his hand. Standing beside Third Shishu, he was extremely nervous and didn’t dare to even breathe heavily.
But Third Shishu started to talk and pull him at the same time.
Of the wealthiest in the sect, Third Shishu would be the wealthiest. Third Shishu had managed all the assets of the sect for many years and accumulated much wealth. Based on what could be seen now, Yan Le shishu seemed to want to nurture Li Ying Feng shijie into his successor. Zuo Mo felt this was pretty good. Li Ying Feng shijie was straightforward and honest, knew how to conduct herself and had a pretty good relationship with him.
The store that Third Shishu took him to was naturally much higher class than what he normally shopped at. All kinds of talismans dazzled his eyes, a veritable feast.
What he picked most of was jade sticks. For him, the jade sticks that recorded all kinds of scriptures and spells were what he needed the most.
Yan Le also noticed it and his attitude towards Zuo Mo became even more amiable. The fact that Zuo Mo would get the spring sprout jade medal before he entered zhuji was proof of his exceptional talents. After getting the jade medal, he wasn’t greedy and lived it up. What he picked the most were still jade sticks, that meant that he had strong motivations to keep going.
A young disciple that had both of those points, even if they didn’t have good opportunities, they would definitely reach a pretty good height.
There wasn’t an elder that didn’t like this kind of disciples, especially Yan Le who was used to the mediocrity of the disciples in the sect. He knew that there hadn’t been any attention paid to this disciple in the past. If he didn’t rope him in now, then he would be too stupid. Today, he had been coincidentally been at Dong Fu to take care of matters. Hearing that someone had received a jade medal, he had come over to see if he could attract them and hadn’t thought it would be a disciple of his sect.
He couldn’t help picking out a pile of talismans that Zuo Mo could have a use for.
Updated from lightno//vel/pub/[.]com
At the side, Li Ying Feng also recognized that even though her zombie shidi hadn’t entered zhuji, but in reality, he had already become one of the core disciples.
Maybe in the Wu Kong Sword Sect of the future, Wei Sheng Shixiong would be in charge of fighting, Zuo Mo Shidi of internal matters, and she would take over her master’s role and be responsible for external matters. Especially since no one could replace her and Zuo Mo in their roles. Looking at it now, Luo Li Shixiong was unable to threaten Wei Sheng Shixiong’s position. Also, Wei Sheng Shixiong’s relationship with Zuo Mo Shidi was extremely good. For the elders, they were naturally happy to see everyone cooperating.
Li Ying Feng, who sorted out her thoughts, was also generous and gave two talismans to Zuo Mo.
Zuo Mo’s mind was completely blown. Holding a pile of talismans and jade sticks, his awareness was dizzy. Any item that he was holding now, in the past, was something he dreamed about. Now he was holding a pile in his hands.
The affable smile on Shishu’s face made him think of a previous life. In the past two years, after the first time he met the sect leader when he woke up, he had never spoken to another shishu after that.
And all of this, it was only because he received a jade medal.
The grey beaked goose flew steadily, it’s back broad and soft. It was very comfortable sitting on the top, nothing that Zuo Mo’s impotent flying paper crane could compare to.
“Little Mo doesn’t have a steed yet.” Yan Le said and turned to order Li Ying Feng: “I remember there are still a few more grey beaked geese, send one to Little Mo. Tell the people below to send over ling grass as necessary.”
“Yes.” Li Ying Feng noted it down.
For more, visit lightn/ovelpub[.]com
Zuo Mo thought to himself, their sect does have some wealth.
When the three reached the gates of the mountain, the outer sect disciples had already lined up at the gates to welcome them. It was evident that the sect leader had already known of the news that he had received a jade medal.
Their gazes as they looked at him were extremely complicated. Jealousy, admiration, dissatisfaction……
Just a day ago, everyone was the same outer sect disciples. Today, they needed to come out to welcome him. Not many people had been surprised that Wei Sheng shixiong would become an inner sect disciple since he had been the first among the outer sect disciples and established a powerful image in their hearts.
But among them, Zuo Mo hadn’t been exceptional. Other than his [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] and that face that never had an expression, there were very few places which he had that people would remember.
Some of the people had caution and fear in their eyes as they looked at Zuo Mo. They had once bullied Zuo Mo and was afraid he was going to get back at them now. Even the most stupid knew that it was certain that Zuo Mo was going to become an inner sect disciple.
Seeing the looks of these people, Zuo Mo’s heart wasn’t comfortable either but felt slightly relieved. He had finally left this group, that meant that he had made progress. For him, any kind of progress right now was incredibly valuable and he didn’t care about the looks of the other outer sect disciples.
The grey beaked goose didn’t slow down but followed the mountain path past the outer sect disciples respectfully standing as it climbed.
Wu Kong Hall was the discussion place of Wu Kong Sword Sect. Many of the main matters of the sect were held here. When Zuo Mo and the others arrived, the sect leader and the other shishu were already waiting in Wu Kong Hall, faint expressions of joy on their faces.
Updated from lightnovelpub[.]com
The fact that someone from the sect could qualify for a spring sprout jade medal was definitely an unexpected delight. And such a young disciple, his future would be limitless. First there was Wei Sheng who had such outstanding talent and now there was a disciple in lianqi that could receive a medal. They were completely bowled over by joy!
Facing so many of the shishu for the first time, Zuo Mo couldn’t help but be nervous. Xin Yan Shishu’s pair of cold eyes made him feel there was a blade behind his back, his entire body frozen.
Please ……please……Pu Yao don’t make a fuss now!
Just as he was nervous, the sect leader Pei Yuan Ran opened: “At the beginning when I picked you up, I didn’t have too many expectations for you, and didn’t give much care. To be able to achieve all this, it is all your own efforts and extremely rare. To not give up in such a hopeless situation, swimming against the current, very good! In our sect, whatever strength you have determines the level of treatment. You showed your potential and so the sect will treat you better, do not have hate.”
Pei Yuan Ran was very straightforward. The bits of hate in Zuo Mo’s heart had dissipated much upon hearing the sect leader’s words.
“This disciple doesn’t dare.” He said with his head lowered.
Pei Yuan Ran nodded his head and his voice became warmer: “Now that you have a jade medal, you are the only ling plant farmer in our sect. The treatment in the past is naturally not appropriate for you. I heard your Fourth Shigu say that you are responsible for the medicine fields of Cold Mist Valley now. This will depend now on whether you have the interest. From this day onwards, you are formally one of the inner sect disciples of our sect. You will receive the same allowance of jingshi as your other shixiong. Other than that, our sect’s West Wind Valley has a patch of empty third grade ling fields, that will be given to you. The ling energy is thick in the valley, you could move to live inside the valley and try to enter zhuji earlier. If you need anything, you can ask your Third Shishu. As to the ling fields inside the valley, you can plant whatever you want. We will not interfere. You can also use the other empty ling fields in the sect, but at the end you need to give three tenths to the sect.”
Zuo Mo’s eyes widened, his gaze stupified. He felt that he was going to faint—the sect leader was giving an entire mountain valley to him!
[1]师侄: refers to disciple of a younger generation, 侄 means nephew
Visit l/ightnovel//pu/b[.]com for a better experience



Chapter 34: Inner Sect Disciple
I have an editor now! (One that edits before I post). Warlord212 has edited this chapter.
Thanks for all your comments!
Chapter Thirty Four Inner Sect Disciple
Pei Yuan Ran looked at Zuo Mo who was stupefied and a mirth filled smirk flashed at the corner of his lips.
“All inner sect disciples must have a master. Since you received the spring sprout jade medal, you should go under your Fourth Shigu’s line. Your Fourth Shigu is skilled at making dan. No one else in the sect can compare to her knowledge of ling herbs. Even in Dong Fu, she is famous for this knowledge. What do you think of becoming her pupil?”
Zuo Mo shook and instantly reacted. Bowing his head to Shi Feng Rong he said: “This disciple greets Master!” Entering Fourth Shigu’s line, it was the best possible outcome for him. His skills laid in farming and that is very beneficial for making dan. The demands of ling herbs in making dan were very large.
“Stand.” Shi Feng Rong said lightly, her voice sounding like her usual iciness.
Zuo Mo obediently stood.
“Shimei, in the future, he’ll be in your care.” Pei Yuan Ran said solemnly.
“Shixiong, don’t worry. I definitely wouldn’t conceal any of my knowledge. But if he isn’t willing to put any effort in, Shixiong cannot blame me.”
For more, visit light/nov/elpub[./]com
Shi Feng Rong’s cold words were like a basin of ice cold water that instantly woke Zuo Mo from his joy. He suddenly had a bad feeling. The implication in Master’s words made him feel apprehensive.
Pei Yuan Ran nodded his head and spoke: “This is good,” Turning to ask Zuo Mo: “Do you have any questions?”
Zuo Mo shook his head rapidly to show he didn’t have any more questions. Originally, he had wanted to ask if he could ask Second Shishu if he had any questions about forging.
He suddenly remembered that the snow white sword essence that tortured him countless times, and made him want to die, that it originated from Xin Yan Shishu? The words that reached his mouth instantly shrunk back. He felt that he was crazy, why would he ever have such a stupid idea?
Wasn’t that walking straight into a trap?
Pu Yao was still in his consciousness.
After his fright dissipated, his brain instantly recovered its clarity. He felt that in the future, he had to be a bit more careful. He might be an inner sect disciple now, but if Pu Yao was exposed, he was certain that the first reaction of Xin Yan Shishu was to cut him up along with Pu Yao!
Subdue yao and exterminate mo!
That was too terrifying!
This content is taken from l/igh/tnovelpub[.]com
Even though he was not as terrified as he used to be when facing that sword essence but that was only in his consciousness. In the real world, one blow from Xin Yan Shishu’s sword was enough to tear him into countless pieces. Pu Yao might be arrogant in front of Zuo Mo, but Pu Yao estimated if he had to face Xin Yan Shishu, he would also be killed instantly.
He still remembered the scene when Xin Yan’s sword cleaved the black sea.
Pei Yuan Ran detected Zuo Mo’s nervousness but didn’t put any importance on it. Which disciple in their sect didn’t tremble when they saw the masters? The sect leader and the shishu were all very busy. Even though it was a delight that Zuo Mo became a ling plant farmer, but the Shishu wouldn’t spend too much time on this matter.
The sect leader gave a few more words of encouragement and then left with the other shishu.
Shi Feng Rong moved away gracefully and Zuo Mo hurried to catch up.
Shi Feng Rong didn’t turn her head back and said, seemingly to herself: “I have warned you, but in the end, you choose the road to walk. Since you are now my disciple, I naturally will have my demands. Your private matters, I will not interfere but what I order to be done, you have to complete it.”
Following behind, Zuo Mo’s heart almost jumped out of his chest as he answered: “Yes!”
“Go attend to your own matters. After a few days, I will send someone to find you,” Shi Feng Rong said.
Zuo Mo carefully saw his master away, his heart very depressed. It seemed that his master wasn’t easy to interact with!
Visit l/ightnovel/p/ub/[.]com for a better experience
Returning to his little yard, he found the outside was full of people. Almost all the outer sect disciples were waiting for him.
“Ai ya ya, Shixiong’s back!
“I had said it before, with Shixiong’s talents, wouldn’t getting an inner sect position be easy?”
“Shixiong, this is a small token of Little Brother’s regard. Not enough to pay respects, shixiong, don’t look down… …”
…….
Zuo Mo’s head swelled up. Originally, he had prepared to reject the gifts, but noticing the worried glances of these people, he accepted the various gifts. As expected, when they saw him accept the gifts, these outer sect disciples all gave expressions of joy. Knowing that they would disturb Zuo Mo, they only gave their congratulations and stayed for a short while before leaving.
The little yard finally returned to its normal silence. Releasing a breath, Zuo Mo held a large pile of various gifts as he walked into the yard and put the gifts down.
This entire day today was so fantastical.
Taking out the spring sprout jade medal, he gently caressed it, feeling the fineness and smoothness of the jade medal.
Visit l/ightnovelpub[./]com for a better experience
His body was very tired but his mental state was still excited. The sect leader had divided an entire mountain valley to him. Even though part of it was due to his ling plant farmer profession, but this kind of benefits was still very generous. Other than Wei Sheng Shixiong, it probably would be him that had the best benefits.
Suddenly remembering the jade box that he had buried in the ling vein of the seclusion room, he instantly became alert.
Quickly running to the seclusion room, carefully digging out the jade box, he opened it for a look. The gold ore had disappeared as expected, and the black gold worm had clearly changed. There was a new additional mark on the pure black shell similar to a coin, extremely eye-catching.
Zuo Mo ran into his sea of consciousness. Pu Yao was sitting on the gravestone, listening to the sound tablet. He didn’t even blink an eyelid. Shrouded in the black clouds, the red rhombus shaped jewel was alluring and attractive.
After last time, Pu Yao had continued to maintain this attitude. He seemed like a completely different person than before.
“Pu, has this black good worm reached fourth level?” Zuo Mo tried his best to make his tone as friendly as possible.
“Five pieces of second grade jingshi.” Pu reached out a palm.
As expected……
When did this guy become even more greedy than he was? Zuo Mo didn’t get it. Almost all of his jingshi ended up in Pu Yao’s wallet, yet he hadn’t found Pu Yao using the jingshi for anything. Pu Yao was like a bottomless hole that ate jingshi.
Updated from lig/htno/velpub[.]//com
Supposedly yao could eat souls. However, compared to just a lianqi cultivator, yaomo was an insurmountably strong and incredibly distant entity. What function did eating souls have, only ghosts would know. In the future, he should go to the records in the sect where it was possible to find some traces. In any case, now that he was an inner sect disciple, the records in the sect were open to him.
But right now, he could only comply.
“Okay.” Zuo Mo gritted his teeth and decided to spend the money.
When his voice landed, five pieces of jingshi disappeared from his wallet. On this point, Pu Yao was much better than before. He would never take extra.
“Yes.” Pu Yao spat out a word.
Glee rose in Zuo Mo’s heart. He remembered that Pu Yao had said that fourth grade black gold worms were able to find ling veins.
“How do I get it to find ling veins?”
“Fifty pieces of second grade jingshi!” Pu Yao made an outrageous demand without even raising an eyelid.
Zuo Mo was dumbstruck. After a moment, he gave a wail: “You’re killing me!”
Updated from ligh/tn/ovelpub[.]/c/om
This was definitely premeditated. Zuo Mo only had fifty two pieces of jingshi remaining. He hadn’t thought that Pu Yao’s opening quote was his entire wealth.
Pu Yao disregarded Zuo Mo’s struggle: “I increase the amount by ten jingshi every day.”
Zuo Mo almost spat blood, but Pu Yao was at a complete advantage. Zuo Mo had no other choice. Gritting his teeth, he said fiercely: “Fine! If it’s fifty, then fifty it is!”
Clink, clink, clink. The sound of jingshi moving was extremely clear.
Pu Yao was doing it on purpose!
Zuo Mo’s teeth itched in hate but he didn’t have any solution. An enormous benefit was enticing him. If the black gold worm really could find ling veins, it would be nothing less than a long-term benefit for him. Finding ling veins, he could then create high grade ling fields. Adding on his techniques as a ling plant farmer, no matter what he planted, it was certain that there was more profit to be made.
Right now, he was an inner sect disciple. If he could find a new ling vein, other than giving up a portion to the sect, the large majority would still land in his pocket.
Jingshi was one of the factors of strength, especially when he had at his side a money-grubbing yaomo like Pu Yao!
Pu Yao threw a spell fragment at him. This spell allowed him to control ling worms, and it was very short and easy to learn. Zuo Mo easily learnt the spell in a short amount of time.
The source of this content is l/igh/tnovelpub[.]/com
Zuo Mo treated the worm like treasure.
If his own yard had a small section of ling veins, it was possible there were more ling veins in the Wu Kong Mountains. Every section of ling veins were very valuable, even the thinnest ling vein.
Even though West Wind Valley had been assigned to him, but ling fields, especially high grade ling fields were in short supply. Just his master’s place, it needed large amounts of ling fields to support. The price of high grade materials were just way too expensive.
He had started to try to engage in business. The benefits of a ling plant farmer was pretty good, but it wasn’t as fast at earning jingshi like other kinds of xiuzhe.
The little section of ling vein in the seclusion room had disappeared already. Zuo Mo speculated that it disappeared due to the black gold worm absorbing all of the ling energy. Even though he had meditated there for a long time, the ling veins hadn’t been affected at all. It must have been that he was in lianqi, and the amount of ling energy he absorbed each time he mediated was a pitiful amount so the ling veins hadn’t been affected. In the process of the black gold worm increasing its grade, it needed too much ling energy and in the end, caused the ling vein to disappear.
However, this caused the last regret in Zuo Mo’s heart to disappear. The most valuable thing in this entire yard was this section of ling vein.
He decided to go take a look at West Wind Valley.
West Wind Valley was located between three peaks, but as none of the three peaks were high, the sunlight that streamed into the valley was plentiful. Compared to the coldness and humidity in Cold Mist Valley, this place was much warmer and welcoming.
Holding the copper medal the sect leader had given, Zuo Mo carefully avoided the jinzhi along the road. The jinzhi in this place wasn’t as strict as Cold Mist Valley but far beyond anything that a zhuji cultivator could content, much less the little lianqi cultivator that Zuo Mo was. But his spiritual power just had to be much stronger than the typical lianqi so the pressure he felt from the jinzhi was much stronger than normal xiuzhe.
New novel chapters are published on lightn/ovelpub[.]c/om
Carefully passing through the jinzhi, he could see this was much more desolate than Cold Mist Valley.
The geography of the valley was very flat. There was only a patch of about twenty mu of ling fields. Based on the looks, it seemed to be third grade. Even though the weeds were growing all around, but there were still people who came to this twenty mu of ling fields at intervals to take care of it. The grade hadn’t dropped.
Twenty mu of ling fields wasn’t very much but this twenty mu of ling fields was going to become his personal property. The entire West Wind Valley was going to become his private property. In here, he could do whatever he wanted.
This benefit was very generous!
Looking at the ling energy encapsulated in the ling fields, and the enormous mountain valley that belonged to him, a feeling of satisfaction rose. The only regret Zuo Mo had was that there wasn’t a waterfall here. If there was a small waterfall, it would be perfect.
Looking at the old trees and weeds in the surroundings, his heart suddenly moved.
Taking out the black gold worm from his bosom, he casted the spell. The black god worm spread out on the ground and started to slowly crawl.
Since this place belonged to him, then if he explored it, it should be very reasonable!
Honk honk honk!
For more, visit li/ght//novelpub[.]com
Zuo Mo’s strange gong-like laugh echoed through West Wind Valley.



Chapter 35: Discovery
Thanks to Warlord212 for the editing! Pu doesn’t sell snake oil.
Also, what’s wrong with honk? My other candidate was “snort’.
Chapter Thirty Five Discovery
The black gold worm, once it landed on the ground, was motionless. After a while, the antennas started to wave, reaching out in every direction. No wonder it was a fourth grade black gold worm, Zuo Mo praised it silently, this kind of intelligence was not something normal ling worms would have.
The black gold worm raised its head after a while, the two antennas in the front slightly shook as it quickly crawled along the ground. It sometimes stopped or sometimes slowly proceeded. Zuo Mo carefully casted the control spell, tightly following the worm from behind, not daring to relax his watch even slightly.
Other than the ling fields, various weeds dominated all other areas of the valley. This created some difficulties for Zuo Mo. He took out the ice crystal sword that Shi Xiang had given him to cut out a path. Grasping the translucent ice crystal sword in his hand, it gave off a kind of bone-aching cold. The good thing was the blade was extremely sharp and pretty good at cutting up grass and wood.
Suddenly, the black good worm stopped but then went at an even faster speed, it went deep into the grass covered land.
Zuo Mo instantly became alert!
Carrying the icy crystal sword, he followed right after.
The black gold worm stopped in front of a protruding rock. Following closely behind, Zuo Mo narrowed his eyes and started to examine this large piece of rock. The rock was a normal granite, about fifty or sixty feet tall. From the outside, there was nothing special about it. Was the mystery located inside the rock?
Updated from lightno//velpub[.]com
In any case, this place was his own private one. It didn’t matter how he played with it. Lifting up the ice crystal sword, he started to dig at the rock.
Granite might be hard but facing a third grade flying sword, it was like tofu. In a short while, Zuo Mo dug out a large hole. As expected, the black gold worm climbed into the hole. This caused Zuo Mo to be even more motivated, his hand moving faster.
This rock was even bigger than he had imagined. When he dug for more than an hour, and it was seventy or eighty feet deep, it still hadn’t reached the bottom. In the end, Zuo Mo wasn’t one of those that cultivated the body. His two arms seemed to be filled with lead, his entire body almost falling apart.
“No way, it’s killing me.” He collapsed on the ground, panting as he looked dispiritedly at the black gold worm lying on the bottom of the hole.
“Bro, you are really obsessed. Ge can’t do it, need to sleep first.” He grimaced at the black gold worm. Finishing, he fell into a deep sleep in the hole he had just dug.
When Zuo Mo opened his eyes, he saw a patch of blackness. Sitting up, the moonlight came in through the opening of the hole. The inside of the hole was slightly illuminated. The black gold worm was still silently motionless at the bottom of the hole, the gold coin on its back releasing a faint gold light in the dark of the rock hole.
It was already night. Zuo Mo drifted off into his thoughts for a while before he took up the ice crystal sword again.
“Brother, let us continue!”
Ding ding, dong dong. The continuous sound of a sword cutting rocks rang inside West Wind Valley.
Follow current novels on li/ght/novel/pub/[.]com
Zuo Mo continued to dig mechanically straight down until the sky was almost filled with light. Zuo Mo suddenly felt the icy crystal sword in his hand had cut into empty space. His heart instantly jumped, his exhaustion swept away!
Putting power into his hands, he quickly cut out the last thin piece of rock. Behind the rock was a large black hole.
Zuo Mo’s heart couldn’t help but beat wildly!
The black gold worm didn’t hesitate. Fllashing into the black hole, it quickly vanished. Zuo Mo forced himself to swallow his spit and he hesitated for a moment before holding the ice crystal sword and squeezing into the black hole.
The black hole was much deeper than he had imagined. As he went deeper, his heart became heavier. There were clear signs of human cutting in here, but it would have been long ago since there was a strong moldy odor in the cave. Who had made a dwelling here? Was this the tomb of one of the sect’s elders?
This guess made him very excited.
He walked quickly into the deeper regions. There was a thin connection being maintained between him and the black gold worm. He was able to know things about the situation ahead.
Very quickly, he saw the black gold worm. In the darkness, the gold coin mark of the black gold worm could be seen from far away. The black gold worm was spread out over a lump, unwilling to leave.
Zuo Mo scanned the surroundings. This was a very crude stone room. There was a spring in the corner, a stone desk, a stone bed, and nothing else.
Visit lightnovelp/ub[.]/com for the best novel reading experience
When he went closer, Zuo Mo was frightened out of his wits!
The black gold worm was actually on a pile of bones! Zuo Mo’s heartbeat increased. His mouth became dry, he resisted the great terror inside himself and walked for a closer look. He didn’t know whose remains these were. It was spread out on the ground. From the appearance, it seemed to have been a long time ago. He looked around. His eyes suddenly became dumbstruck and then he showed a joyous expression.
This was the death place of one of the sect’s elders!
With the fastest speed possible, he picked up the various jade sticks and talismans on the ground. He seemed like an extremely hungry beggar who suddenly saw bread. There weren’t many talismans, and it had been too long since they were supported with ling energy, their functions were almost entirely gone. In comparison, there were many more jade sticks, about twenty or so.
He explored every corner, not leaving anything behind before Zuo Mo’s eyes once again went back to the pile of bones. The black gold worm was lying on that pile of bones, motionless, but the gold coin mark on the back seemed slightly brighter.
To have died here, it definitely was his sect’s elders. He had received such a big convenience from them. Pondering for a second, Zuo Mo bowed three times to the pile of bones and then lightly buried the bones in a corner.
Moving away the bones, Zuo Mo found that there was actually a prayer mat underneath the bones.
Prayer mat……
He blanked.
This content is taken from lig/htnov//elpub/[.]com
This white mat, it was almost the same as the mat that the nameless shixiong had left behind in the seclusion room at Zuo Mo’s little yard.
He hurriedly poured out the jade sticks that he had put away in front of him. One by one, he poured ling energy in. After a while, he managed to generally understand the cause and effect.
This rock room was the death place of an elder in the sect, but this elder was actually an outer sect disciple. What Zuo Mo felt even more unimaginable was that this was the elder who had always been an outer sect disciple but almost managed to enter jindan, who was also the previous owner of Zuo Mo’s little yard!
The matters of the world were just this fantastical.
Zuo Mo dumbly sat there and couldn’t help but sigh. This shixiong, called Wei Nan, was an outer sect disciple from three hundred years ago. He had a special ability. He was naturally sensitive to ling veins. So he could find that weak ling vein, build the little yard and painstakingly cultivator. Even though he had the help of the ling vein, but he didn’t have good talent at cultivating and just barely kept up with the other disciples.
He had great ambitions and didn’t want to live a mediocre life. He racked his brains and thought of all kinds of methods.
In many places, Wei Nan Shixiong was extremely similar to Zuo Mo. Wei Nan also chose ling plant farmer as his best path to riches. However, his talents in the area of the five elements were not as good as Zuo Mo’s, and it took him five long years before he barely became a ling plant farmer. But Wei Nan didn’t tell anyone else. From then on, he started to learn how to make dan, yet his talents in making dan was also average. After spending ten years, he finally managed to make his first fourth grade ling dan.
He developed slowly in cultivation yet his talent developed rapidly. He was even able to detect the ling veins buried deep underground. When he was thirty seven, he found this ling vein.
Afraid that the sect would take it away if they knew, he quietly created this rock room.
Follow current novels on lightnovelpub[.]com
Taking advantage of the ling veins, he finally reached ningmai at forty years of age. At this time, he was still an outer sect disciple. Wei Nan was extremely talented at concealment and pretence. No one in the sect managed to find that his cultivation had risen to ningmai. Due to the fact that his potential truly was too average, he was afraid that his ningmai cultivation would cause the elders in the sect to be suspicious and from that, find the sect of the ling veins. He was satisfied with seclusion. After painstaking management through the years, he had some measure of wealth. He continuously purchased all kinds of jade sticks. What he learned was extremely broad and mixed.
He didn’t know what caused it but in that period of time, the progression of his ling energy became faster. He was extremely happy and put even more effort into collecting all kinds of jade sticks. The more odd the jade stick, the more he was obsessed. And no matter how strange the jade stick, he would always try it out. When he had reached fifty years old, the number of spells and scriptures he needed to practise each day reached fifteen kinds.
At that time, he knew he had no hope of entering jindan and killed off his dream. In the following twenty years, he started to organize and study the variety of odd jade sticks and scriptures that he had collected.
His cultivation was limited but his scope of knowledge and spells was very wide. There weren’t many that could compare to him. In addition, he had cultivated many of the unpopular scriptures for a few decades and had many conclusions. Comparing the different scriptures, he finally managed to finish the summary and organization of all the types of scriptures he had collected through his lifetime.
In total, there were twenty sticks. No name, nothing too profound. It was the last thing he left in this world.
Carefully putting away the jade sticks that were on the ground, Zuo Mo was full of respect for this Elder Wei Nan. He lifted the mat, went to the spring and carefully poured water over to wash it. Even though so many years had passed, after a gentle wash, the mat once again recovered its snowy white appearance. This mat wasn’t something ordinary. It was made from Meditation Grass and its effect was to calm the heart. It wouldn’t decay, won’t have worms for hundreds of years. It was much rarer than the mat from the little yard.
He put the mat back in its original spot and sat on it.
A thick ling energy seemed to pour in through his skin!
He quickly entered mediation and became motionless. Beside the mat, the black gold worm was also motionless, abnormally quiet. Only the gold coin mark on the back flashed with a gold light.
For more, visit light/n/ovelpub[.]c//om
When he woke up from meditation, Zuo Mo couldn’t disguise the ecstasy in his eyes. This ling vein, compared to the ling vein in his little yerd, was much greater! If the ling vein in the seclusion room of the little yard could be said to be a small branch, then this ling veins was like the stem!
The abundant ling energy made one unconsciously comfortable.
With such a high quality ling vein, he could quickly enter zhuji. He had decided, in the future, this would be his secluded cultivation room!
When Zuo Mo squeezed out of the rock hole, the blinding sun outside made him unconsciously narrow his eyes. Turning and carefully covering up the hole, he scattered the granite that he had dug out into the weeds. Nothing could be seen.
After finishing , he released a breath.
Just at this time, Li Ying Feng came looking for him with other people. Because there wasn’t any buildings in West Wind Valley, if Zuo Mo was going to live inside the valley, then it required building a house. She was naturally in charge of this kind of matter and personally came to ask about Zuo Mo’s preferences and needs.
After attentively listening to Zuo Mo’s demands, she waved her hands and the other outer sect disciples instantly started to move.
In half a day, a little yard was built. Zuo Mo named it the Little West Wind Yard.
The Little West Wing Yard became his new home.
This content is taken from /lightnovelp//ub[.]com



Chapter 36: Encounter Again
Warlord was too busy today so here’s the version I proofed myself. The edited version will be up whenever warlord212 finishes with it.
Warning: I have no control over cliffhangers.
Chapter Thirty Six Encounter Again
The Little West Wind Yard became one of the important places in Wu Kong Sword Sect, especially for outer sect disciples. Its importance far surpassed the residences of all other inner sect disciples. The great majority of outer sect disciples farmed and what they were most afraid of were problems in the ling fields. Having a ling plant farmer in the sect, they felt more secure. At least when a problem occurred now, they knew they could find someone.
A brand new yard appeared in the valley. The outside walls were constructed from limestone. The fine patterns and the cool hardness of the limestone added a few hints of serenity and peace. The vines were like a waterfall, the stars in the sky occasionally reflecting, glittering and speckled. The pond in the yard wasn’t the mud pond in his previous residence. First grade Purple Fire Lotus were planted in the pond. The purple lotus flowers were like purple flames that were burning in the water. In the night, they would release a hazy purple light. Between the purple fire lotuses, the silver scissor fish swam happily. It was like countless blades crashing together, dozens of silver lines intersecting, blinding to the eye.
Zuo Mo wasn’t in the mood to admire the beautiful scenery. Just like before, he would go to Cold Mist Valley at the same time every day to make rain and take care of the plants. Now that he was an inner sect disciple, the rule that it was not allowed to fly inside the mountain was not valid for him. Putting on the spirit travelling seal, each of his steps was a small flight. His speed wasn’t slower than those flying steeds. Other than saving a lot of time, he enjoyed the process very much.
These days, during the daytime, he was like normal as he cared for the ling fields. At night, he would quietly run to the ling vein in the rock room to meditate and practise [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation].
Even though the primary purpose of [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] was to cultivate the spirit, but the increase in ling energy was also pretty good and much better than [Ten Principle Scripture]. Adding on the help of the ling vein, after a few days, his progress was astounding! Without him detecting it, his cultivation quietly broke through to the ninth level of lianqi.
The ling vein in the rock room became Zuo Mo’s biggest secret other than Pu Yao. He was especially careful. In order to disguise the opening, he just didn’t use a piece of granite to seal the entrance, he also planted large amounts of weeds and shrubs around the opening. From the outside, there was nothing that could be detected. His only worry was that elders like his master or the sect leader would come here so he didn’t dare to put out any jinzhi. With his skill, the jinzhi he would create would be completely ineffective against the sect leader and the other and would arouse their attention instead.
His days were extremely leisurely. Other than the provision of jingshi each month, there was also a provision of ling grains. He had planted ling grains for two years yet had never ate it before.
For more, visit lightnove/lpub[.]c//om
The ling grains were filled with rich ling energy. And when it was absorbed, it was extremely gentle, unlike the forceful nature of the ling energy absorbed from the jingshi, and used if one had to go to some special places like Bloody Heaven Metropolis Jie. Three thousand years ago, yaomo were defeated. In order to preserve their strength, the last remaining one hundred or so great powers of the yaomo, using their own bodies and blood as the guide, as seven medium jie as the axis, forty nine little jie as the screen to create Bloody Sky Metropolis Jie and stopped the xiuzhe in their steps. Inside Bloody Sky Metropolis Jie, all of the ling energy became extremely unrefined and unordered. Xiuzhe basically had no way of absorbing it.
Those that travelled to Bloody Sky Metropolis Jie, they always needed to bring large amounts of jingshi and ling grains. Jingshi was used to replenish the normal usage of ling energy, but due to the fact that the ling energy in jingshi was extremely strong, relying only on jingshi could easily cause the cultivation to collapse. While the ling energy in the ling grains were not as potent as it was in jingshi, but it was gentle and could help xiuzhe stabilize their cultivation.
The disciples in some large sects would use ling grains everyday to increase the speed of cultivation.
But for a small sect like Wu Kong Sword Sect, they would only provide a certain amount each month. And it was only low grade ling grains. But even just first grade ling grains, Zuo Mo had never eaten any before.
Zuo Mo was presently studying the jade sticks that Elder Wei Nan had left. Even though Elder Wei Nan’s cultivation had been limited but many of the roads he had walked were worthy for Zuo Mo to use as reference, such as farming. Elder Wei Nan had been a ling plant farmer, and had learned how to make dan. How similar was that to Zuo Mo? Zuo Mo hadn’t thought to touch the obscure scriptures yet. How to earn jingshi, it was what he needed to think about right now.
What was easiest to earn jingshi with in lianqi? What to plant?
Finally getting twenty mu of third grade ling fields, Zuo Mo naturally wanted to organize it well. Right now, he had no money, completely wrung dry by Pu Yao. The allowance from the sect each month wasn’t an insignificant amount but for him, it was just a drop in the bucket.
Things like ling veins couldn’t be converted directly to jingshi. But even if it was possible to sell it, Zuo Mo definitely wouldn’t sell it. To surrender long term benefits for short term gains, how would such a shrewd person like him do such a stupid thing?
Thinking of ways to earn jingshi was one of the most important matters of Wei Nan. Actually, for every single xiuzhe, jinshi was a problem that couldn’t be avoided. The amount of jingshi earned directly influenced the speed of cultivation.
Follow current novels on lightnove/lp/u/b[.]com
Talismans, jade sticks, materials……
What didn’t require jingshi?
Even though Zuo Mo was now an inner sect disciple and the sect would put effort into nurturing him and give him conveniences in each area, but it was limited.
But compared to Zuo Mo’s circumstances, Wei Nan’s past circumstances were much more difficult. The paths that he had explored were extremely worth of reference to Zuo Mo.
Sitting on the grey beaked goose that the sect had given him, Zuo Mo took big and small pouches as he sat idly on the goose’s back. These things, all of them were what others had given him which he couldn’t use. He planned on turning all of it into jingshi. Even though it really wouldn’t be a lot, but right now he had no other way. Hoping that Pu Yao could spit out some jingshi, that was impossible.
Pu Yao always sat with his eyes closed on the gravestone every day. He seemed to be meditating. Did he need to cultivate too? Zuo Mo was very curious.
Right now, he wouldn’t actively interact. Pu Yao’s mood was fickle, ruthless and crazy. Yet his power was extremely deep. This kind of person, you never knew what his next step would be, you never could guess what he was thinking inside, you also never would know what his true aims were.
Zuo Mo felt that Pu Yao was a true devil. He would give you enticements that made your soul shake, and just when you are enjoying it to the limit, you would fall to the lowest level of hell.
The torments Pu Yao gave him, Zuo Mo had hated, had raged, had felt hopeless. But when Master had said that his features had been changed and his mind erased, these emotions that had trouble him dissipated like smoke.
Visit li/g/ht/novel/pub[.]com for a better experience
Because he needed power!
Because he needed answers!
These petty torments, what was it really?
He clearly remembered the unfamiliarity he felt when he first woke up two years ago. In these two years, the voice that appeared in his dreams tormented him countless times. He had been afraid, terrified, hesitant, uncertain. He had thought of trying to find answers but had no clues. There was nothing he could do. So he muddled his way through the days and was never happy.
Right now, he was awake.
He only had one thought. He needed to find the answer. Who! Who did all this!
Unable to be forgiven!
On the back of the grey beaked goose, Zuo Mo looked at Dong Fu appearing through the clouds. He tightened his fist.
Dong Fu was the same as usual, people streaming. Zuo Mo headed straight for the free market and found Fu Jin.
This content is taken from l//igh/tnove/lpub[.]com
Fu Jing’s eyes were extremely sharp. Seeing the spring sprout jade medal on Zuo Mo’s waist, his entire person blanked. After a while, he recovered. Even though shock still remained in his eyes, but he piled a smile on his face: “Congradulations Little Mo Ge, Little Mo Ge! Tsk tsk, such a young ling plant farmer, Little Mo Ge is definitely extraordinary! Come in, come in!”
Zuo Mo didn’t waste pleasantries. With a bang, he threw the large bag at Fu Jin: “Sell these things for me.”
“What things?” Fu Jin asked as his hands rapidly opened the cloth bag. With just one sweep, he could generally determine the value of these things. There were many items but they weren’t valuable. It was actually normal. The lianqi outer sect disciples, they couldn’t give anything valuable.
His brain moved rapidly and quoted a generous price: “Fifty pieces of second grade jinshi. How about it?”
Zuo Mo knew the market. These things definitely wasn’t worth fifty pieces of second grade jingshi. He shook his head: “Too much, thirty pieces is good.”
“Alright.” Fu Jin briskly handed over the jingshi and put away the items. With a smile, he said: “Now that Little Mo Ge has flourished, don’t forget to support this little brother!”
The two chatted a bit more. Zuo Mo listened very carefully. Don’t estimate the kind of small business people like Fu Jin. Their intuition was extremely sensitive. Any movements in the market couldn’t be concealed from their eyes. Between the words, Fu Jin was extremely worries. Recently, the price of the ling grains was continuously rising. This was the first time it had occurred in the recent years. Each year, people would go to Bloody Sky Metropolis to hunt yao, but the price of ling grains had never been as exaggerated as this. Connecting it to the recent rumors about Bloody Sky Metropolis, it made people worried.
According to Fu Jin, it wasn’t just Tian Yue Jie. The price of ling grains in all the other jie were continuously rising. All of this clearly showed that the conflict in Bloody Sky Metropolis was become even more intense.
Was the yaomo starting the counter attack?
Updated from lightnovelpub/[.]com
After hearing Fu Jin’s words, Zuo Mo’s heart became slightly heavier. For low level xiuzhe, the greatest danger was turmoil If a great war like the one three thousand years ago started, low level xiuzhe was the cannon fodder that would die the quickest.
“Ho, it’s really a small world, fate lets enemies meet.” A strange voice interrupted Zuo Mo’s musing.
He raised his head and a headache started.
The two people in front of him, one of them was the Dong Qi Sword Sect disciple whose flying sword had been cracked by him the last time. The person at the side was very unfamiliar. It probably was his shixiong. His presence was even greater.
Fu Jin was extremely perceptive. Seeing the situation, he instantly felt bitter inside but pushed a smile on his face: “Sirs, come come come. Everyone sit down and drink some tea……”
Pah!
The voice instantly stopped. Fu Jin was thrown flying like a sandbag.
“Trash! Is there space for you to talk here?” The other took away his hand and said icily.
Zuo Mo hadn’t thought the other would start punching right away. He hadn’t managed to react in time. He hurriedly ran over to support Fu Jin. Looking at the hand mark on the face and the blood spilling from the corner of Fu Jing’s mouth, Zuo Mo’s eyes became dark. He carefully helped Fu Jin up and then slowly turned around.
Visit li/g/htnovel/p/ub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
“Who was so stupid and let their dog out?” Zuo Mo stared at the one that had moved, his finger caressing the gold sword ring.
That guy’s face instantly became flushed. In a rage: “You f—……”
The voice suddenly stopped.
一A sword energy, carrying a faint cloud of frost energy, pointed straight at his forehead!



Chapter 38: Fragrant Ginger Yard
Transition chapter. Zuo Mo has started his farming once again.
For the person who commented about an updated glossary, it might take a few days. I have my own glossary, but I don’t think that how I translated locations and techniques are what you want. The stuff about shibo, and shishu and other terms, I have to collect together and reorganize.
Thank you everyone who pointed out typos!
Chapter Thirty Eight Fragrant Ginger Yard
Zuo Mo needed to carefully plan out the twenty mu of ling fields. He had very little money in his hands and couldn’t buy many of the ling herb seeds. Following the conclusions that Elder Wei Nan had made from his experiences, what he picked were species that had a high quality-price ratio. To guarantee his profits, Zuo Mo had attentively researched the present market before taking all his bags with him to the mountain.
But he couldn’t start seeding it immediately.
Up until now, he only had experience planting ling grains. Any kind of ling plant had different needs and concerns. Thankfully, Elder Wei Nan had detailed descriptions in the jade sticks and he didn’t need to experiment for himself.
Studying the jade sticks, labouring over [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation]. Other than that, he needed to care for the ling fields in Cold Mist Valley. He was extremely busy every day, his feet almost not touching the ground.
When he had studied pretty much all the jade sticks, he started to prepare the initial work. Luckily, they were all somewhat common ling herbs and grasses and didn’t need anything rare or expensive. Otherwise, he could only just stare at it.
“I’m very poor, I’m very poor, I’m very poor poor poor poor poor poor……”
The source of this content is lightnovelpub[.]com
Humming a tune, Zuo Mo directed the mud turning earthworm to plough the ling fields and seeded out the ling herbs and grasses he had brought.
After a few days, some sprouts had appeared in the twenty mu. The tender greens carried Zuo Mo’s hopes.
Zuo Mo could finally slow down. Even he almost couldn’t stand the amount of labor these past days. After planting down all the seeds, the labor required was instantly halved. He finally had the time to cultivate. This was why sword xiu never liked cultivating any kind of livelihood spell. Practicing any spell required large amounts of time and energy. For sword cultivators, they only focused on the sword. This was enough for them to have unrivaled attack strength.
This was also why, in all the xiuzhe, in one-on-one, sword xiu had the greatest power.
Of course, the actual situation would be complicated. There were many factors that could affect the fight between two xiuzhe. It was all tangled and complicated, like cultivation, talismans, seal formations, scriptures etc.
Zuo Mo didn’t need to think about these things. At least, before he entered zhuji, he didn’t need to consider it. For him, what was most important at present was zhuji. After that was the five basic five elements spells. This would directly influences how much he would earn.
He gave up [Ten Principle Scripture]. To try to rely on that to enter zhuji, it was a dream. [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] became his only choice. He cultivated it as though it was a ling energy scripture. After zhuji, the sect would pass on new scriptures. By then, he would have more choices.
This period of time was extremely busy, so busy he forgot the existence of Pu Yao. It was only now that he suddenly remembered Pu Yao and decided to take a look in his consciousness.
Entering the sea of consciousness, he stared with wide eyes and mouth.
Visit li/gh/tno/velpub[.]c/om for a better experience
Compared to before, the area of his consciousness was several times its previous size. This wasn’t surprising to him because his spiritual power had increased greatly. He had already found that whenever his spiritual power increased, the size of his sea of consciousness would increase as well.
What shocked him was a river –– at some unknown time, a new addition of a river had appeared in his consciousness.
A silvery shining river. The surface wasn’t broad but it was abnormally straight. It followed the median line of the consciousness and divided the consciousness in two. When Zuo Mo came near, he was surprised to find that it wasn’t water in the river, but countless large and small icicles. The light reflected through the icicles and created the silvery light. And when the countless icicles reflected the light at the same time, the bright light was enough to make the consciousness brighter. They slowly moved up and down like the movement of the tide. Layers of silver light flashed past like a secluded and deeply asleep ice dragon.
On the two shores were concentrated red flames. These red flames were like a red water plant that grew beside the rivers.
In the sky above his head, that star was even brighter. Neither the roaring flames nor the shining ice river could block its light.
In the sea of flames, on the edge of the river, under the star, a gravestone was shrouded in black clouds and Pu Yao sat silently on it, listening to the sound tablet.
Zuo Mo was completely stunned by the scene.
The sea of consciousness was very calm, only the sound of the sound tablet drifting. The dark red flames danced, like the most seductive dancers twisting their waists. The slowly flowing ice river was like a sword, cold and awe-inspiring. The star was mysterious and profound. All of this created an extremely harmonious picture, and gave him a peerless shock!
A beat later, Zuo Mo’s mind refocused.
Updated from lightnovelpub/[.]c/om
He still wasn’t clear what the sea of flames and the star was, but this ice river was like the tidal icicle sword essence that he had comprehended! About this point, he was very certain. Because from what he saw, flowing in the river wasn’t icicles but countless sword essences! This ice river would have formed exactly in this period of time. He felt that there was some faint connection but no matter how hard he thought, he couldn’t catch it.
The flames and the star had appeared very early. They must be related to [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation]. The time that the star appeared was when he had completed one breath. Did it represent one breath? What about the red flames?
He wanted to ask Pu Yao but he also knew that Pu Yao definitely wouldn’t answer.
Oh, of course, if there was jingshi, that was a whole different matter.
Zuo Mo didn’t disturb Pu Yao and left the consciousness.
When Zuo Mo disappeared from the consciousness, Pu Yao opened his eye. In his blood red eye was panic.
Even though he was at the ninth level of lianqi but there was still a distance before reaching zhuji. The amount of ling energy needed for lianqi ninth level was much greater than the previous levels. Zuo Mo wasn’t impatient. With the help of a high grade ling vein, if he still couldn’t enter zhuji, he didn’t need to cultivate anymore.
He could feel that the increase in his ling energy was very fast.
The fire dragon grass had been moved into Zuo Mo’s own fields. The sunlight in West Wind Valley was abundant and more suitable to the growth of the fire dragon grass.
New novel chapters are published on l/ightnovelpu/b[/.]com
Just like normal, Zuo Mo stood in front of the fire dragon grass. He cycled his ling energy, his two hands moving quickly. It was [Art of Crimson Flame]. After practising finger movements in the water, the nimbleness of his pair of hands were much stronger than before. The [Art of Crimson Flame], with its simpler hand movements, was much easier for him to cast.
A thin faint gold light dropped from the sky, passed though Zuo Mo’s hands and was guided onto the fire dragon grass.
[Art of Crimson Flame] could concentrate the essence of pure yang. It was very beneficial to plants that were yang.
Zuo Mo didn’t move, appearing like a stone person.
The crucial factors of [Art of Crimson Flame] were endurance and a peaceful mind. This wasn’t a problem for Zuo Mo. After receiving the jade medal, he found that he had walked an indirect road. If he had picked [Art of Crimson Flame] in the beginning, he would have gotten the jade medal earlier. However, there wasn’t a deficiency that was for nothing. Since he could do [Art of Flora], the most difficult of the five spells, the other spells were easily achieved.
Time passed little by little.
The strand of pale gold light that came from the sky turned slightly darker. A layer of light gold appeared on Zuo Mo’s hands as though gold was plated onto them.
The leaves of the fire dragon grass became even brighter and fresher, vitality pouring from the entire plant.
After persisting for an hour, he finally stopped. His two hands moved and that thin gold strand instantly disappeared.
Follow current novels on lightnovelpub[.]c/om
He inspected the fire dragon grass and was very satisfied. [Art of Crimson Flame] was extremely good for yang plants.
All plants were divided into yin or yang. Zuo Mo also divided his own ling fields into two. The parts with more sunlight, he used to plant yang plants. The parts that were shadier and had more moisture, he used to grow yin plants.
Zuo Mo prepared to cast [Art of Earth Energy]. Each day, he would cast a variety of spells on these plants. This was a duty that he had to complete every day. He didn’t know if it was that he had used it too much but [Art of Crimson Flame] and [Art of Earth Energy] quickly entered the third level without any of the difficulty that came with the breakthroughs of the other three spells.
Afterwards, he had thought and then understood. Most of the credit had to go to [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation]. His spirit was much stronger than before. And no matter if it was the calm mind of [Art of Crimson Flame] or the communication and perception of [Art of Earth Energy], it was all tightly linked to the spirit.
Suddenly a purple light landed beside his hand from the sky.
A purple flying sword the length of his middle finger suddenly appeared next to his hand.
Flying sword message?
Zuo Mo turned to look around. Seeing that no one else was around, he then was certain it was for him. He carefully reached for the flying sword. The moment his finger touched the flying sword, a voice sounded inside his mind.
“Come to Fragrant Ginger Yard at three.”
Visit li/ghtn/ovelpub/[.]com for the best novel reading experience
It was his master Shi Feng Rong’s voice.
Zuo Mo’s heart calmed down. Previously, he had been tortured to death by that pink paper crane and he had finally received a break. The pitiful Zuo Mo, his nerves had become very fragile and suspicious of these kinds of things.
These last few days, his master hadn’t sought him out. It must have been given him time to get settled.
Zuo Mo was very excited. Master’s proficiency in the area of dan-making was very deep, and according to Li Ying Feng Shijie, the dan that Master made, it was always easy to sell. In the previous times that Master had spent travelling outside, the income of the sect had been significantly impacted.
And according to the experiences of Elder Wei Nan recorded in the jade stick, making dan was a faster way to make jingshi than farming.
Exactly at three, Zuo Mo arrived at Fragrant Ginger Yard.
This was the first time he had come to Fragrant Ginger Yard. Entering the gate, he saw many female disciples at work. Some were drying ling herbs, some were sorting, others had ling energy on their hands as they ground up ling herbs. In this large yard, there were more than forty female disciples at work.
Seeing Zuo Mo, all these female disciples all stopped what they were doing.
“Shixiong!”
New novel chapters are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
“Shixiong!”
……
They all bowed in greeting and surreptitiously examined this shixiong. The news that Fourth Shigu had received a male disciple had spread through Fragrant Ginger Yard very early on. This crowd of female disciples already had a good handle on Zuo Mo’s background. What made them feel comforted was that Zuo Mo had once helped the female disciples at the Eastern Peak that were responsible for the animals and wasn’t one to harass others. They were all outer sect female disciples, and couldn’t really count as Shi Feng Rong’s disciples. Compared to Zuo Mo, their status was very far off and didn’t dare offend him.
Zuo Mo frantically gave a bow in return.
Seeing Zuo Mo’s embarrassed state, laughter sounded among the female disciples.
The front female disciple instantly turned her head, looking in dissatisfaction at the female disciples who were laughing. The laughter instantly stopped.
“Come in.”
Master’s voice came from the inner yard, coincidentally releasing Zuo Mo from his predicament. He fled away.



Chapter 39: Blows!
Warlord212 is back and has edited this chapter. No cliffhanger this chapter since it was a really short fight. You can really see Zuo Mo’s mentality in action here.
Chapter Thirty Seven – Two Blows!
The two xiuzhe from Dong Qi Sword Sect clearly hadn’t thought that Zuo Mo dared to move first!
Especially the one that had moved first. In his perspective, if two ningmai hadn’t suddenly appeared in that previous encounter, Zuo Mo would have been easily dealt with. This lianqi trash, he dared to actively provoke the two?
The sword energy almost reached the Dong Qi disciple’s forehead, the faint cold energy made him abruptly wake up. He instinctively pushed out his flying sword but suddenly remembered that his flying sword had been ruined by this guy in front of him! He didn’t manage to dodge in time and got brushed by the faint mist surrounding the sword energy.
Hiss!
A bloody wound the width of a finger appeared on his forehead. The Dong Qi disciple managed to steady himself, his eyes full of hatred as he stared viciously at Zuo Mo, wanting to cut Zuo Mo to pieces.
This damned guy in front of him. He was clearly only in the stage of lianqi but every time they met, he himself would become extremely sorry. Reaching up to touch the wound on his forehead, he saw the blood on his finger. His viciousness rose and he roared angrily: “You want death! If I don’t kill you today……”
Taking advantage of the time he took to speak, Zuo Mo sent out another blow!
The thin sword energy contained a faint mist as it headed for the other’s open mouth. This sword energy was even stronger than the one before, the white mist shrouding it even thicker. If one listened carefully, they could almost hear a stream of tinkling as the icicles crashed.
Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
The pupils of the Dong Qi disciple that had been spectating from the side suddenly shrunk.
Zuo Mo had been clever in his timing to send out the sword energy, the speed even faster than before. The other’s flying sword had been ruined by Zuo Mo. He had actually come today with his shixiong to help him pick a new flying sword. He hadn’t thought he would meet his enemy. When he detected the sword energy, he suddenly realized that it wasn’t just his flying sword that had been ruined, but he didn’t have any other defensive talisman on his body.
Usually, he amused himself by bullying others and neglected his cultivation. Seeing the sword energy coming near, in his panic, he completely didn’t know what to do.
“Pah!”
The misty sword energy accurately landed on the other’s mouth. The blood instantly flew, two teeth landing on the ground. This string of attacks completely stupefied him. He covered his mouth, looking in disbelief at the two teeth on the ground.
Zuo Mo kept his guard up. Compared to the excitement of the battle last time, he was extremely calm this time.
The only thing he could rely on was the gold sword ring. But the gold sword ring could only store three sword energies. Zuo Mo only had the last sword energy remaining. It was his last and only attack. If the other was only one person, he would unhesitatingly add it on. But he was very clear that the two people’s strength were above him yet he could not just stand by and see Fu Jin be humiliated because of him.
The worst case would be getting beaten up viciously. He already prepared to endure it. He wouldn’t release this last sword energy easily. He wanted to make it a vicious one!
They won’t end well!
This content is taken from lig/htnovelpub/[.]com
Zuo Mo thought viciously.
“Ah!” The other gave a shocking howl, his features twisted and his eyes sprouting fire: “I……”
The voice once again stopped abruptly.
It seemed that an invisible hand was chocking his neck. His entire body slowly rose, leaving the ground. Compared to roaring a second ago, he was now like a fish out of the water, eyes bulging, speaking but unable to make any noise.
Zuo Mo was astounded, his eyes couldn’t help looking towards the side.
A young person dressed in white slowly moved in their direction. He didn’t even look at the Dong Qi disciple hanging in the air: “Dong Fu does not allow fighting, don’t you all know?”
The other Dong Qi disciple furrowed his btows. He suddenly raised a hand. A sword energy shot out of his fingertip, stopped and twisted, like drawing a plum branch. The disciple that had been fighting with Zuo Mo landed with a plop, face deep purple and unconscious.
“Sir, you are too biased. Both sides were fighting yet you only blame one person. It isn’t fair.”
The white-clad youth stared at the other: “Dong Qi Zong Ming Yan?”
The source of this content is lightnovelpub[.]com
“A little humble name. Didn’t think that Sir would have heard it. Honored, honoured.” Zong Ming Yan raised his hands in a greeting, his expression still cold.
“Elder Zuo Mei Tian’s disciple, it naturally rings in my ears.” The white-clad youth said noncommittally.
Zong Ming Yan raised an eyebrow: “Sir is?”
“Yu Bai.” The white-clade young person gave two characters.
“Oh.” Zong Ming Yan responded faintly but his voice then turned sharp: “So it is the honoured disciple of Elder Tian Song Zi. However, can Brother Yu tell me, why only punish my sect’s disciples? Does Brother Yu discriminate against my Dong Qi disciples?”
Yu Bai smiled. He pointed with a finger at the jade medal at Zuo Mo’s waist.
Only now did Zong Ming Yan notice the spring sprout jade stick at Zuo Mo’s waist. He blanked for a second before nodding his head,: “Ling plant farmer, I understand.”
Giving a deep look to Zuo Mo, he turned to leave.
Yu Bai imperceptibly furrowed his brow: “Is Sir not taking your shidi with you?”
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
Zong Ming Yan didn’t even turn his head, heading forward, leaving behind a sentence.
“A piece of trash that can’t even win over a lianqi ling plant farmer, what’s the use?”
Yu Bai shook his head and didn’t speak. He casually sent out a stream of white light that entered the sky.
Flying sword messages!
Compared to little thousand cranes, flying sword messages were much faster! As expected, in a short while, two xiuzhe flew over and landed, bowing to Yu Bai.
Yu Bai pointed to the unconscious Dong Qi disciple on the ground, stating: “This person broke the prohibitions of Dong Fu, and is now exiled from Dong Fu.”
“Yes.” The two bowed to Yu Bai and lifted the person with them as they flew away.
“If I didn’t see it wrong, you are the disciple of Wu Kong Sword Sect’s Elder Xin Yan.” Yu Bai turned his face and said warmly to Zuo Mo.
Zuo Mo shook his head: “My master is Shi Feng Rong.”
The source of this content is lightnovelp/u/b[.]com
The time that the other two had fought had been very short but no matter if it was ling energy or the manipulation of spells, they were hundreds of times better than Zuo Mo. And both of them had vast and intimidating presences. Zong Ming Yan was cold and sharp, Yu Bai confident and carefree. They were all outstanding. However, Zuo Mo didn’t feel very comfortable. No matter if it was Zong Ming Yan or Yu Bai, their bodies would unconsciously give an aura of being high up. Zuo Mo disliked the aura very much. Unconsciously, he didn’t want to have deeper relations with Yu Bai.
“Elder Shi Feng Rong?” Yu Bai was slightly surprised at this answer. When the two had started to fight, he had already noticed. He hadn’t detected anything in the first sword energy but had been shocked that a ling plant farmer could send out a sword energy. When he noticed the gold sword ring on Zuo Mo’s hand did he understand.
At that time, he had prepared to wade in. Tian Yue Jie was a classical minor jie primarily composed of sword cultivators. Xiuzhe like ling plant famers were a very rare resource. Not just Dong Fu, but in almost all the primary towns of Tian Yue Jie, there were prohibitions that protected production cultivators like ling plant farmers.
But just at that moment, Zuo Mo sent out the second sword energy.
Yu Bai’s eyes were very skilled and saw it clearly.
The first sword energy only had a little sword energy, not enough to be of significance. But the sword essence in the second sword energy was very similar to Wu Kong Sword Sect’s [Ice Dragon Sword] Xin Yan’s sword essence.
Wu Kong Sword Sect’s sudden rise had attracted everyone’s eyes. And as the true ruler of Dong Fu, Tian Song Zi naturally would pay more attention. Yu Bai was the core disciple of Tian Song Zi and he knew much more about Wu Kong Sword Sect than normal people.
The apparition when Wei Sheng entered zhuji had alerted Tian Song Zi. That night, Yu Bai had accompanied his master to investigate. He had personally seen with his own eyes that sword energy that rose into the heavens at Wei Sheng’s zhuji and had never been so shocked. And the scene when Xin Yan’s sword had turned into a dragon made his mouth wide and unable to forget.
His talents were exceptional and the scope of his eyes far surpassed others in his generation. In the area around Dong Fu, the people who could rank with him could be counted on the fingers. But in one night, two successive blows, it created a great interest in him to the low key sect of Wu Kong Sword Sect.
Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
He couldn’t help closely examining Zuo Mo.
From the beginning, the expression on Zuo Mo’s face had never changed. Yu Bai didn’t mind that. He had met countless unique individuals. Those that had strength always had some unique qualities. What made him shocked was Zuo Mo’s age and cultivation. It wasn’t high, but low.
It was very hard to estimate the age of cultivators but a general decision could be made from the eyes, the manner of speech and conduct. The age of the Wu Kong Sword Sect disciple definitely wasn’t high. Such an age, it was common to see a cultivation of lianqi.
So young, such low cultivation, yet he could comprehend sword essence. This made Yu Bai very surprised.
The sword essence carried in the second sword energy had been in a fledgling stage. The white mist surrounding the sword energy easily confused others. That wasn’t mist that was caused by the coldness of the sword energy. In reality, it was composed of large numbers of even smaller sword essences. These scattered sword essences were far from complete like Xin Yan’s sword essence but this lianqi disciple was able to control them in a certain range.
That wasn’t easy to do!
Yu Bai almost couldn’t believe it. He always had been confident in his own talents, but seeing this zombie-like disciple, he felt that he didn’t know what to say. When he first comprehended sword essence, he had been in the middle stages of zhuji. He had sat quietly in his master’s sword stove for more than thirty days before he had some understandings.
Even more, the jade medal of a ling plant farmer wasn’t easy to get!
Yu Bai had grown up in Dong Fu and knew very well of the difficulty.
For more, visit lig/h/tnovel/pu/b[.]com
Another strong entity had come out of Wu Kong Sword Sect! Even if his cultivation right now wasn’t high, but his future was limitless.
Wu Kong Sword Sect, already mysterious in Yu Bai’s mind, became even more mysterious.
“Give my greetings to Elder Shi Feng Rong.” Yu Bai warmly gave a bow. Noticing the alertness in Zuo Mo’s eyes, he was a proud person, and his desire to form a relationship instantly faded: “Dong Fu might protect ling plant farmers, but you have to be careful and not have bad relationships with others.”
Finishing, he raised his hands and floated away.
Zuo Mo’s heart instantly landed back. He had already prepared to be injured and hadn’t thought he would be safe. Even he found it wondrous.
Fu Jin wasn’t seriously harmed and firmly refused the jingshi that Zuo Mo handed over. This crisis changed the relationship between the two. Zuo Mo didn’t like Yu Bai but was very happy to interact with Fu Jin.
Everyone was little people!
Fu Jin was the local snakehead here. He was clear to what each place was selling. In two hours, he managed to help Zuo Mo buy everything he needed.
It was a giant bag of a variety of seeds of ling herbs and grasses. Thirty pieces of jingshi were completely spent by Zuo Mo.
Visit lightno/vel/pu/b[/.]com for the best novel reading experience
Taking the things he brought, he bid farewell to Fu Jin and sat on the grey beaked goose straight back to Wu Kong Mountain.
He had decided that he definitely wouldn’t leave the mountain before he entered zhuji. He was still scared about what happened today. He and Dong Qi Sword Sect were now at odds. If he encounted Dong Qi disciples again, it wouldn’t end well for him. To have such good luck as today every time, that was a dream.
Dong Fu wasn’t some safe place!



Chapter 40: Aid
Zuo Mo is taking a rest this chapter and catching up with other people. It would be nice in real life if wages grew this quickly.
Thanks to warlord212 for editing!
Chapter Forty Aid
On top of the mat inside the stone room, Zuo Mo serenely mediated, motionless.
Through the twenty fourth point of the governing, the seventeenth point of the conception and the first point of the kidney vessels, thick ling energy entered his body. It especially entered from the governing vessel point. When the ling energy entered, it had a slightly cool feeling, extremely pleasant. After Zuo Mo had completed one breath, his breathing through the mouth and nose was much less important. Right now, he had only opened three points. If he could reach ten breaths, not only just all three hundred and sixty one points would be opened, all the pores in his body would be unblocked and he would breathe with the world.
Of course, for him at the moment, that was very far away. His consciousness had increased, but up until now, he hadn’t found any uses for spiritual power. What he needed now was ling energy, continuous accumulating ling energy in hopes of entering zhuji soon.
When he woke up from the mediation, Zuo Mo’s breath shot out like an arrow.
How was Shixiong doing in the Sword Cave, the thought popped suddenly into Zuo Mo’s mind.
In reality, he was very envious about the road that Shixiong had picked. It only needed to pay attention to one matter. However, he was clear enough to realize that Shixiong’s road wasn’t suited for him. So he might be envious, but he would keep doing what he needed to do. He always felt that he didn’t have too much talent in the area of the sword. If it wasn’t for Pu Yao’s existence, not just getting a sword essence, but it was impossible to do what Shixiong was doing.
His talents laid in the five elements.
For more, visit lightn/ovelpub[.]com
Other than [Art of Aged Gold] which had been helped by Pu Yao, he had learned the other four spells on his own. So he was more enthusiastic about five elements spells. Sometimes he would think, had he once been a roaming xiu before?
Only roaming xiu liked five elements spells.
However, even if he had been a roaming xiu, he must have been a silent and unknown xiu living in the lowest classes.
But if that was the case, why was his appearance changed and mind erased? He unconsciously tightened his fist.
Carefully retreating out of the stone cavern, he walked to the opening. The sunlight outside made his eyes squint. The warm sunlight made Zuo Mo’s mood unintentionally better. Walking to the ling fields and seeing the vigorous ling herbs, his mood became even better. A ling plant farmer was the profession that was the easiest at showing the relationship between work and result. When you paid in effort and worked hard, the joy at the bountiful harvest made life seem full of hope. Even Old Black, who had a harsh life, smiled when it was harvest time .
Zuo Mo calculated the time in his mind. The new cycle of ling grains should be starting soon. His previous yard had been yielded to Old Black. Old Black had been yearning for that five mu of ling fields for a long time. If it hadn’t been for Old Black, he wouldn’t have been introduced to Wei Sheng Shixiong. With that connection there, his friendship with Old Black was naturally different.
With nothing to do, Zuo Mo thought to go see him. However, he didn’t find anyone at the yard. Zuo Mo guess that Old Black had gone to the ling fields and headed to the fields. As expected, he found Old Black in the fields. Also there was Guo Lu. However, the former Guo Lu Shixiong was now the present Guo Lu Shidi. That made him slightly unaccustomed. No matter the age or cultivation, outer sect disciples had to call inner sect disciples shixiong or shijie. This was the same in every sect.
Old Black saw Zuo Mo and made a happy expression: “Little Mo Ge.”
It seemed that Guo Lu’s illness had healed. He wasn’t familiar with Zuo Mo and reservedly gave a bow: “Zuo Shixiong.”
Visit l//ightn/o/velpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
Zuo Mo felt extremely awkward being called shixiong by two people whose ages far surpassed him. Thankfully, his face was frozen and nothing could be detected.
“Old Black’s ling grains are really well grown.” Zuo Mo scanned the ling fields and couldn’t resist praising it. He calmly started a spell, instantly a ball of clouds floated over and the silver strands poured down continuously. Old Black instantly revealed a happy expression. Admiration appeared on Guo Lu’s face. The fourth level of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], people rarely reached it.
Guo Lu had been recovering on the sickbed in the previous months but the big events that happened in the sect, he had heard them from Old Black.
In one year, three outer sect disciples became inner sect disciples. The sect had never been so flourishing. All the outer sect disciples were greatly encouraged and many of them became even more hard working.
Guo Lu attentively examined this young shixiong. Little Zuo Mo Shixiong was the inner sect disciple with the lowest cultivation in the sect, a lianqi disciple that hadn’t entered zhuji! But the genius of the little shixiong had passed on. To be able to receive a spring sprout jade medal in lianqi, Guo Lu had never heard of it.
His best was [Art of Aged Gold]. He had work hard these years but never could breakthrough to the third level. Looking at the little shixiong who had already become a ling plant farmer, his heart couldn’t help moving.
Thinking about it, he couldn’t help but be envious of Old Black. No matter if it was Wei Sheng Shixiong, or Zuo Mo shixiong, they all had good relationships with Old Black. The waters rose and the boat became high, Old Black was now extremely popular in the outer sect disciples. But Old Black was very down to earth and still planted his ling grains. Because Guo Lu had been wounded last time when he had helped Old Black, and Old Black had taken care of him in the recovery, the two had a great relationship.
“This is two mud turning earthworms. It doesn’t have a great use, but it is useful in plowing fields.” Zuo Mo handed both of them each a small bamboo tube. Sealed inside each tube was a mud turning earthworm. He hadn’t thought that Guo Lu would be present but he had enough mud turning earthworms.
The two hurriedly gave their thanks.
Visit li/ghtn/ovelpub[/.]c/om for a better experience
Guo Lu saw Zuo Mo moving to leave and after struggling and hesitating for a second, he couldn’t resist speaking and at the very end: “Little Shixiong, my [Art of Aged Gold] has been stuck at the second level. Please, shixiong, give some advise. Guo Luo would be deeply grateful.”
Zuo Mo was astounded but still stopped in his footsteps. He was respectful of this old farmer-like shixiong who had stood up last time. Right now, his income didn’t depend on things like making rain so the two naturally didn’t have any conflicts in interest. Quite the opposite. If Guo Lu could break into the third level of [Art of Aged Gold], he could take on much of the pest problems in the sect for him.
Thinking through all the possibilities, he decided to help Guo Lu: “Killing worms is still killing. Gold’s main purpose is to kill. This [Art of Aged Gold] belongs to the path of killing. How to kill? There are countless ways in this area. Adding on aged gold energy can transform in many ways, if other methods of killing could be added in, the matter is half solved already.”
Guo Lu listened attentively, afraid of losing even a word. When Zuo Mo finished, he was pinned to his spot, face deep in thought.
Seeing the situation, Zuo Mo floated away.
Leaving behind the ling fields, he headed for the Eastern Peak. The recent changes made him felt that it was a different lifetime. The female disciples of the Eastern Peak had meant to rely on him, but who would have thought he would become an inner sect disciple. Usually, he wouldn’t be able to care for them anymore. But since he received benefits from them, that the black gold worm had been their present, Zuo Mo decided to help them.
When Xiao Guo saw Zuo Mo, a surprised expression came onto her round apple face. She timidly said: “Shixiong!”
The gold horned copper cow was still leisurely eating ling grass, not paying any attention to Zuo Mo.
Zuo Mo felt slightly helpless towards this little girl, especially the always timid expression on her face.
This content is taken from lightnovelp/ub[./]com
Last time when he had fainted, the little girl had been afraid but still persisted in protecting him. When he had heard of this from the others, he was very moved and felt that he owed her a favour.
“What? Unhappy to see me?” Zuo Mo decided to tease the little girl. His face didn’t have any expression in the first place. Adding on a slightly stern tone, it was quite frightening.
Xiao Guo instantly was frightened, her small head furiously shaking, mist rising in her large yes, her mouth hurriedly explaining: “No, no……”
Zuo Mo instantly realized if he continued, she would really cry. He instantly regretted his action.
Wasn’t this making trouble for himself?
He hurriedly relaxed his tone: “Alright. Coming this time, there’s something to give to you.”
The mist in Xiao Guo’s eyes instantly stopped. She looked in puzzlement at Zuo Mo and asked timidly: “What thing? Shixiong.”
“This is some sword scriptures, you take it and practise and can pass it on to your other shijie and shimei.” He handed two jade sticks over to the little girl. One of the sticks stored some basic sword moves that he had picked out from the jade stick that Wei Sheng shixiong had given him. At the same time, he took off the gold sword ring from his hand and handed that as well to her: “This is gold sword ring. It can store three sword energies. But you first need to learn a gold spell. En, one of the jade sticks has five elements spells inside. After practising the [Art of Aged Gold] for a while, you can use this talisman.”
After explaining all this, Zuo Mo released a breath. This muddle headed little girl always made his head hurt.
Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
The gold sword ring was not of great use to him now. And he had decided that before zhuji, he definitely wouldn’t leave the mountain. After zhuji, if Master didn’t give a flying sword, he could use Ice Crystal Sword. The power would be much greater than gold sword ring. And that jade stick that contained the five elements spells wasn’t useful for him anymore. He hadn’t thought of given Xiao Guo that jade stick at first, but if she didn’t cultivate a gold attributed spell, it wasn’t possible to use the gold sword ring. As though the simple sword moves in Wei Sheng shixiong’s jade stick. They were simple but useful. For lianqi disciples, they were a pretty good method of protection.
Female disciples, especially weaker outer sect female disciples, their circumstances would be harder than male disciples.
Zuo Mo could not spare the attention to take care of them like before, and decided to pass these things onto them. In this case, if they met some xiuzhe who wasn’t too powerful, it wasn’t as though they couldn’t even counterattack. If they met a strong one, he had no solution neither.
Luckily, the Dong Qi Sword Sect disciple from last time had been expelled from Dong Fu. He didn’t need to worry about encountering that guy nearby.
After handing over everything, Zuo Mo flipped up and landed onto the grey beaked goose’s back, he waved his hand at Xiao Guo without turning his head back and floated off.
Looking at the disappearing Zuo Mo, Xiao Guo’s hands as they held the gold sword ring and the jade sticks unconsciously tightened.
Finishing all this, Zuo Mo felt that his body was much more relaxed and headed straight for Fragrant Ginger Yard. He still needed to present five fasting pills at the end of the month. He didn’t dare to offend his cold-faced master. If he didn’t complete it, he would certain receive punishment.
Entering the dan room, he didn’t start moving immediately. The materials were limited. If he really ruined all of the materials, in his penniless state, there was no place for him to buy more.
In theory, with his present cultivation, making fasting pills shouldn’t be hard. It really was the most basic dan.
The source of this content is lightnovelpub[.]com
Thinking for a long time, he felt that last time it was that he hadn’t controlled the input of ling energy properly and wasted a lot of ling energy, causing his ling energy to not be enough.
After thinking for a long time repeatedly and entering mediation, he let the ling energy recover to the best state.
Then he started his second try.



Chapter 41: Spiritual Power
This is your daily update, provided by your translator, me, and your editor, warlord 212.
This is a scheduled update so all replies to the comments will have to wait until I return. Would someone be nice and post this chapter to /r/noveltranslations when they see it?
Chapter Forty One – Spiritual Power
Bang!
The smell of burnt materials once again rose out of the cauldron, spreading through the room.
Zuo Mo gasped heavily, sweat running down his face like a stream. The second try was still a failure! This time, he had continued for six hours, but still failed. Opening the cauldron and looking at the black remnants inside, Zuo Mo’s mood was terrible. He was as tired as a dead dog right now and could only stare.
He had always thought dan-making was a technical job, not a strength job. If even the fasting pills were this hard, then those high-grade dan, wouldn’t he kill himself in the process?
He had a deeper understanding in the second try than the first. His previous deductions were not wrong. He was still too new to dan-making. In the process of adding ling energy, he would waste too much ling energy. If his cultivation was at zhuji, this fasting pill wouldn’t be hard. There would be plenty of excess ling energy to waste, but to a lianqi ninth level, just the slightest mistake and the ling energy wouldn’t be enough.
According to the method on the jade stick, the entire process only needed ten hours.
That meant that he had to make it through ten hours at minimum. The different between that and the present six hours was very large. Even though there was the ling vein in the stone room, but increases in ling energy was a slow process. It seemed he could only try to work on controlling ling energy.
The source of this content is light/novelpub[.//]com
After a while, Zuo Mo’s breathes gradually steadied and his mind returned to clarity.
He thought carefully. He wasn’t weak in the area of controlling ling energy. [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] required a strong control of ling energy. Even though he had strangely made his way onto the fourth level, but in the matter of controlling ling energy, theoretically it shouldn’t be a big problem.
Mulling over it, Zuo Mo felt that he was still too unfamiliar with dan-making. If he had to familiarize himself, then how much material would that take? The ten portions that he had, he didn’t even though if it could last him until he was familiar. He most likely wouldn’t be able to fulfill the quota of five fasting pills by the end of the month.
Supposedly, when the heads took on new subordinates, they would always make a show of strength at the first interaction? Oh, was this the show of strength of his cold-faced master?
He thought humorously.
Returning to the Little West Wind Yard, he wasn’t in the mood to eat. After meditation and recovering ling energy, he climbed onto the roof and continued to ponder the intricacies of dan-making.
The moonlight flowed down like the water, gently illuminating the mountain valley. Beside Zuo Mo, the grey beaked goose silently stood on the roof. Beside Zuo Mo’s feet, the black gold worm climbed around. After reaching the fourth grade, its intelligence had greatly increased and it constantly followed Zuo Mo around.
Suddenly, Zuo Mo felt something was flying close. He couldn’t help raising his head and looked at the mouth of the valley.
A pink little thousand crane spiralled down in the night.
Follow current novels on light/novelpub[/.]com
Zuo Mo instantly recovered from his shock at the top of the roof. He felt his skin prickle. Dan-making was tossed far away. There was only one thought in his mind. Damn it, why did this cursed woman come again?
Just like last time, the pink paper crane elegantly unfolded in front of Zuo Mo.
“Ye, have you missed me? Hee hee, I’ve missed ye.”
Looking at the paper floating in front of him, Zuo Mo had a strong impulse to kick it down Wu Kong Mountain!
Calm, he needed to be calm!
Suppressing the devious impulse inside, Zuo Mo spat out a stream of malicious swears in discontent, “Damned woman! You won’t die well! You’re just bored and have nothing to do! You mental case… …”
Swearing for ten minutes, Zuo Mo swore so much his throat was dry. The irritation in his heart decreased slightly. Looking at the pink paper that was still floating in place before him, Zuo Mo, who had a moment ago been full of righteous indignation, instantly became dejected. In helplessness, he grabbed the pink paper and jumped down off the roof. Finding a weasel bristle brush, he dipped it in cinnabar.
“What is it?”
After throwing the brush to one side, Zuo Mo messily folded the paper into a crane and threw it out the window. Even though he got rid of the crane, Zuo Mo still felt depressed.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
He really had no solution against the owner of the paper crane. He had never thought someone would be bored to such a degree. This bored crazy woman. But her power was much stronger than him. Just any discomfort and the other would straightforwardly use brute force to suppress it.
When ge become strong, see how ge will sort you out! Zuo Mo bared his teeth.
Very quickly, another pink paper crane flew over.
“Don’t be like this to me! I’m very hurt. Ye, what have you been doing recently?”
What a waste of words, Zuo Mo crisply made an evaluation but still grudgingly picked up the brush.
“Making dan.”
West Wind Valley, the paper cranes flew in and out.
“Ah, dan-making! That’s fun! I’ve never played it before? I only know how to fold paper cranes!”
You only know how to fold cranes? When Zuo Mo saw the words, his face instantly became black. He wrote back with the brush: “Wrong, you also can draw flame exploding seals.”
Visit li/ghtno/velpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
“Hehe, I’m really not that good at flame exploding seals. What I’m best at is a thirty-six chain flame exploding seal.”
Threats, menace! This definitely was a threat.
Zuo Mo’s fist cracked as it tightened. From his teeth, he forced out: “Ge will endure!”
The reality was cruel. Under the threat of the other’s thirty six chain flame exploding seal, Zuo Mo could only swallow his anger and keep writing.
“Have to be a lady. A female, fighting and killing isn’t good.”
“But I’m very much a lady. Hee hee, I just like watching fireworks. My goal is one hundred and eight chain!”
Fireworks……
Zuo Mo felt depressed. His fragile spirit was viciously struck again.
The whole night, Zuo Mo basically had no time to think about dan-making. The pink paper cranes were like a relentless nightmare, forcing Zuo Mo to keep writing.
Visit /ligh/tnovelpub/[./]com for a better experience
Only when the sky lightened was he, under the other’s, “I’m going to be freed.” Zuo Mo had been tormented to crippleness. He felt that it was even more tiring to reply to letters the whole night than making dan the whole night.
Bending to scoop some cold water, he washed his face. Then he came to the ling fields. Different compared to the other spells, making rain was almost required every day. In a state of muddle headedness, he casted [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]. The sounds of water falling started. His mind was floating far away. [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] was his most familiar spell. Even if he closed his eyes, he could still cast it.
The ling energy gathered at both of his hands. There was a connection between the ball of clouds and his two hands.
The rain was very steady and continuous. He instinctively adjusted the ling energy. He was too familiar with the spell. He didn’t need to add ling energy at every single spot.
Wait!
Zuo Mo was startled out of his daze. He realized he had a very important discovery.
He didn’t need to add ling energy to every location!
He indistinctly felt that he found the crucial point and didn’t dare to ignore it. He hurried and continued to think. [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] was his most skilled and most familiar spell. He was extremely familiar with every segment. He thought carefully. From starting with the finger motions of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], to concentrating the clouds, to the fall of rain, the amount of ling energy for each step was different. Some parts, like the rain falling, it almost didn’t need any ling energy at all, just guidance.
As he thought even further, Zuo Mo became excited, his drowsiness fading.
The most up-to-date novels are published on ligh/t/novelpu/b[.]com
If the process of dan-making was like casting a spell, then it should also have places that wouldn’t consume ling energy. As he mused to himself, Zuo Mo felt that it was very rational and also felt that his actions of putting in a continuous flow of ling energy was very stupid.
Understanding the direction, then the next step was to find where in the process needed ling energy, and what times could ling energy be saved.
This question sent him back into deep thought. He was very familiar with [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] so he could find what places needed or didn’t need ling energy. However, he was unfamiliar with dan-making. To find the ways to save up ling energy, he needed to become familiar with the entire process. Yet to familiarizing himself with the entire process, that meant using up large amounts of materials.
Unfortunately he didn’t have any jingshi left.
The stone-faced Zuo Mo grimaced inside. The question was once again difficult.
Was the only way increasing ling energy? That wasn’t realistic. [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] was only a scripture for increasing spiritual power.
Suddenly, his heart jumped. Spiritual power, maybe he could try with spiritual power. As his mind increased in strength, his greatest change was becoming much more sensitive to everything in the surroundings. Like some of the high level jinzhi. Before, when he passed them, he wouldn’t feel anything. But now he could detect the strong killing intent and danger embodied in them.
How to use his consciousness was a question he had been puzzled by. Other than [Art of Aged Gold], he had no knowledge of how to use his consciousness. What [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] cultivated was the spirit. The increase in the ling energy was just a side-effect. After he cultivated [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation], the increase in his spirit far surpassed his progress in ling energy.
Maybe he should think about how to use the consciousness. Zuo Mo felt that this might be the breakthrough point.
For more, visit li/ghtnove/lpub[.]com
Zuo Mo spent the whole day casting the five spells in the ling fields.
But today, he didn’t focus on casting the spells, but rather on using the consciousness to detect the entire process of casting.
This method was extremely effective. Zuo Mo was pleasantly surprised by his results!
Each step, the change in flow of ling energy each time, under the scan of the consciousness, it became clear as it never had been before. He could even feel the hair-thin ling energy flowing.
It seemed that he had a treasure mountain but didn’t know! Zuo Mo was irritated. If he had known earlier to use the consciousness, his spells might have entered the third level much earlier.
The soul was peaceful, untainted and serene.
Under the guidance of his consciousness, he focused on making slight changes to each spell. He didn’t let go of any change in the ling energy. How to increase the effect, how to save on ling energy, how to make it flow… …
He was like a stone mason, slowly performing changes on his work, slowly experimenting. He didn’t know that in his sea of consciousness, the star became brighter than it had ever been, standing out in the darkness. The dancing red sea of flames was strangely quiet and motionless. Only the ice river was slowly flowing, unaffected.
On the gravestone shrouded in black clouds, Pu Yao raised his head. The corner of his mouth rose, cold like a blade.
For more, visit lig/htno//velpub[./]com
“This is the person you chose? Looking at it now, your eyes are still this crappy.”
He closed his blood eye again, entering meditation.



Chapter 42: Dan Completed
Chapter Forty Two Dan Completed
Zuo Mo held the fasting pill in front of him, his eyes filled with joy.
This was his fourth try and he finally succeeded!
The fasting pill was the size of a longan fruit, its color was an attractive blue-green, with a delicate fragrance being emitted. Just a look make one unable to resist wanting to eat it. Fasting pills were mostly prepared for those cultivators who were in seclusion and who had the money.
He didn’t immediately start making a second one. The success of this fasting pill meant that his direction was correct. With that in the front, what he needed to think about now was the success rate. There were only six portions of ingredients left. At the very least , he needed to make four fasting pills. In other words, he could only fail two more times.
In reality, on the third try, he had almost succeeded. However, he slipped up at a small place and everything failed. His consciousness could help him detect the changes of the herbs inside the cauldron and he could accordingly adjust his ling energy.
Spiritual power was really a good thing! Zuo Mo thought blissfully.
Other than dan-making, after he swept over the other spells with his consciousness and made adjustments, not only did his consumption of ling energy go down, the effects also greatly improved. He did have a few fractions of self-awareness. Even though spiritual power was amazing, but his own experience and knowledge was extremely limited. Even with the help of his spiritual power, the changes he could make were limited. But even those minor changes were very effective.
He mused that he should go to the records of the sect to take a look and see if he could find any jade sticks about this area. He was an inner sect disciple now, it would be dumb if he didn’t seek out some benefits for himself!
Ending up with a cold-faced master who couldn’t be relied upon. It was more realistic to rely on himself.
Follow current novels on /lightnov/elpub/[/.]com
Sword cultivators might prioritize ling energy and not spiritual power, but Zuo Mo believed what Wu Kong Sword Sect had accumulated over the years definitely surpassed his aimless fumbles. Of course, that was for the future. Right now, he had many things to work on. Other than dan-making, taking care of the ling fields was also an important job.
Even more, for him who had no money at the moment, earning jingshi was the question he must consider at the present. It had been awhile since those ling grass and herbs had been planted. Some were nearing the harvest time. How to sell them off was also a headache for him. Before he entered zhuji, he didn’t want to go outside the gates of the mountain.
Suddenly remembering Master had said if he didn’t have enough materials, he had to use his own jingshi to buy, did that mean that the sect’s materials could be brought? Then did that mean he could sell them?
Zuo Mo walked out of his dan room. In the yard, a crowd of female disciples worked hard at preparing all kinds of herbs. Scanning around, Zuo Mo’s gaze landed on a female disciple. He remembered clearly that the first day he arrived, she was the first to greet him. She seemed to be quite authoritative among this group of female disciples.
She was dressed in cotton cloth and an apron, no makeup on, sweat beading her forehead.
“This Shimei,” Zuo Mo went to greet her. Even though his age was most likely smaller than the other, but due to the rules of the sect, he didn’t dare to overstep.
She saw Zuo Mo and hurriedly stood: “Zuo Shixiong.”
“I’ve just gotten here and do not know many of the rules in the yard. Master is focused on making dan, so I can only trouble Shimei.” Zuo Mo said warmly. But it was a pity that his face was frozen and it looked slightly frightening.
After the initial panic, the female disciples quickly calmed down and said: “Shixiong is too polite. What is Shixiong’s question?”
Visit l/ightn/ovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
Zuo Mo asked her his question.
This female disciple brushed away the hair in front of her head and smiled: “Shixiong might not know but all the herbs in this yard belong to the sect. Other than a certain amount that can be withdrawn, all others need people to pay with jingshi. But the price is two tenths lower than the market price. Shixiong is a ling plant farmer. If you have ling plants and grasses, you can sell them to this yard. The purchase price of normal herbs are about two tenths lower than the market price but other than jingshi, Shixiong will receive contribution points to exchange for scriptures and other things. If it is rare and valuable ling herbs and grasses, our sect’s purchase price is the same as the market. In the future when Shixiong becomes accomplished at dan-making, the sect can help sell the dan that Shixiong makes. Our sect’s Yan Le Shishu is skilled at business and usually can sell them for a good price. He only takes two tenths as a commission. But like before, other than jingshi, Shixiong can receive contribution points.”
Finishing, she handed Zuo Mo a jade stick: “The price of ling grasses and herbs will change each month. Yan Le Shishu will order someone to make it into a jade stick. This is the inventory list of the prices for this month of ling herbs.”
Zuo Mo took it and gave his thanks.
“Shixiong doesn’t have to be too polite. Shimei is Xu Qing and the first seat of this yard’s outer sect disciples. In the future, Shixiong, please take care of me. If Shixiong has any questions, come find me. You can also find me if you need to purchase any materials.” Xu Qing said respectfully.
“Thanks, Shimei!” Zuo Mo said gratefully.
Taking the list, Zuo Mo went back to the dan room and studied the list. He calculated and found the cost of the raw materials for the fasting pill was about three pieces of second grade jingshi, and its price was only half a second grade jingshi over the cost of the materials. If the success rate was accounted for, there was basically no profit. As expected, it was basically impossible to rely on low level dan to make money. It really was just practise. But that was normal. If fasting pills were really that profitable, then countless people would be breaking their heads for a chance to learn how to make dan.
In the following days, Zuo Mo continued to make fasting pills. In the process, he had failed once, but as he became more familiar, it took a lot less effort.
Ten portions of materials, it made six fasting pills. This kind of result could only be called just passable. There was nothing that was worth being proud of. Other than leaving behind the five pills, the last one he sold to Xu Qing and received three pieces of second grade jingshi.
For more, visit l/ightnovelpub[.]com
Adding on that he would have an allowance of twenty pieces of second grade jingshi, he finally wasn’t penniless.
In the ling fields of West Wind Valley, Zuo Mo carefully examined each stalk of ling herbs and grass. In the jade sticks of Elder Wei Nan, there had been detailed introductions of these herbs and the methods of cultivating them that he had found.
Like Snowy Foxtail Grass, it was snowy white and soft, named for its foxtail-like shape. It’s biggest use was to make a famous kind of paper [Snowy Fox Paper]. Snowy fox paper was soft and pure white, extremely well-suited for making paper seals. Paper was a kind of widespread material. Other than all kinds of paper cranes, it was an essential ingredient in making seal curses and seal soldiers.
But the cultivation of snowy foxtail grass wasn’t easy as its growth was slow. Especially for snowy foxtail grass which was above third grade. The price was never low. Only third grade snowy foxtail grass could be used to manufacture fourth grade snowy fox paper.
Elder Wei Nan had discovered a method for cultivating snowy foxtail grass. The most effective way was to plant it with butterfly grass.
Butterfly grass was an extremely common kind of ling grass. Only the most docile and hardy ling beasts would eat it. Basically, no one would plant it. But if butterfly grass and snowy foxtail grass were planted together, the growth speed of snowy foxtail grass would increase, and the blue-purple butterfly grass would become a rare sky blue.
This sky-blue butterfly grass was deeply favoured by all kinds of ling beasts, especially high grade ling beasts. The price wasn’t low.
Many times, Zuo Mo couldn’t help but be in awe of Elder Wei Nan who he had never met. In Elder Wei Nan’s jade sticks, there wasn’t any profound scriptures, but useful techniques like this one were countless. Like the method of growing butterfly grass and snowy foxtail grass together, he felt that even the most experienced and powerful ling plant farmers wouldn’t have thought of it.
Maybe, it was because Elder Wei Nan didn’t have very high cultivation so he would spend so much effort studying those things.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
Every day, Zuo Mo would cast the spells of a ling plant farmer on the plants in the ling fields. The amount of work was much greater than he had imagined but he had endured. Over time, he had gotten used to it.
He kept on cultivating [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] each day in the rock room. In the past, he hadn’t know the many uses of spiritual energy and had more or less been inattentive. Now that he had seen the effects, he was much more focused. In a reversal of the past, he actually was not in a hurry to enter zhuji anymore. His spiritual power was much stronger than before but there was a lot of room for him to improve.
With the help of the ling vein, the progress of the ling energy in his body was faster than his estimations.
Zhuji wasn’t far away – he had a premonition.
Dong Fu, Dong Fu Hall.
Dong Fu Hall was the residence of the master of Dong Fu. It had been constructed for Dong Fu xianren and had been used since then. It took up the biggest secret paradise in Dong Fu and it was Dong Fu’s one true secret paradise. The so-called secret paradises that were sold on the market were only places with slightly more abundant ling energy and couldn’t be really considered a secret paradise.
Yu Bai slowly woke up from his meditation, satisfaction gleaming in his warm eyes. The density of ling energy in Dong Fu Hall was multiple times what it was outside. The fact that he could become the leader of the younger generation of Dong Fu was in large part due to this point.
The effects of his daily meditation was two or three times what other people had. After accumulating over the years, this kind of advantage would increasingly become greater.
“Master.” Seeing Master, he hurriedly stood.
For more, visit ligh/t//novelp/ub[.]com
“How have you been feeling recently?” Tian Song Zi asked as he smiled harmoniously. Tian Song Zi was wearing the robes of a Daoist, a knot on his head, extremely carefree.
“Relatively stable, but still far from becoming jindan.”
“No hurry, no hurry.” Tian Song Zi waved his hand: “You are still young, don’t rush. Becoming jindan is a process. Did you hear the news about the Sword Test Conference?”
Yu Bai paused: “Does Master want this disciple to attend the Sword Test Conference?”
Even though he had a shining reputation in Dong Fu, but he really have didn’t much confidence in attending the Sword Test Conference which was a large scale completion for the entire Kun Lun Jing. And from what he had seen, Master never really cared about worldly rewards, so why would he suddenly become interested in the Sword Test Conference
Tian Song Zi smiled, answering: “Wait for me to finish. The internal happenings of the Sword Test Conference are layered but we don’t have to touch that dirty water.” His expression became sever, his gaze worried and said solemnly: “I received news that two thirds of Bloody Sky Metropolis has already landed in the hands of yaomo.”
“Ah!” Yu Bai paled in shock: “How could that be so?”
“Yaomo are starting to recover their strength.” Tian Song Zi sighed: “Three thousand years have passed. Yaomo recuperated and have adapted. Would they be satisfied being suppressed?”
Yu Bai’s expression was incomparably bad. He knew what this meant.
Visit light/novelpub[.//]com for the best novel reading experience
“The situation in the future is hard to predict. My Dong Fu needs to prepare early.” Tian Song Zi said heavily: “I will host a Dong Fu Sword Test Conference in hopes of finding some potential talents. When the nest is being attacked, will there be unharmed eggs? I will tell the other sects. Right now, it has to be a united front in order to fight for a chance at survival.”
Yu Bai was silent. A beat later, he said: “I’m afraid Master will put in the effort but not be thanked.”
“Do within the limits, and depend on the heavens.” Tian Song Zi sighed and waved his hand: “Go and create a list of youths that should be taken note of.”
“Yes.” Yu Bai bowed and retreated with a worried expression.



Chapter 43: First Grade Lingdan
Chapter Forty Three First Grade Lingdan
His cold-faced master seemed to have no intentions of wanting to come out of her dan room.
With jingshi on his hands, Zuo Mo decided to start working on his dan-making skills. At the very least, for basic dan like fasting pills, he shouldn’t have problems such as the efficiency rate. Buying the materials from Xu Qing Shimei, Zuo Mo started to furiously practice making fasting pills. His income and costs basically was even. The biggest question Zuo Mo faced was how to avoid failure. Failing once meant losing three pieces of second grade jingshi.
His level of familiarity had greatly increased. The time needed for the process shortened from the previous ten hours to six hours, but the cost was also enormous. His twenty something pieces of second grade jingshi had been completely squandered. It was all due caused by the failures. But thinking about the future, he could only grit his teeth and bear it.
This was the last portion of ingredients for the today. If he could successfully make it, he could just manage to return to Xu Qing Shimei the three pieces of second grade jingshi that he owed her. These days,as he had become familiar with Xu Qing Shimei, he could leave a tab as he brought materials daily.
Zuo Mo didn’t want to owe any debts. After making this fasting pill, he wanted to rest for a time and wait for the ling herbs in the ling fields to mature. Even though there was only a single portion, he wasn’t nervous. After the repeated high-intensity practice of the past days, he was now extremely familiar with the process of making fasting pills. He didn’t know if it was caused by the spiritual power, but his head seemed to be functioning better. He hadn’t been weak before, but it had felt like he was in the clouds and mists. Now, he seemed to have left behind those clouds.
Did cultivating [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] make someone smarter?
This idea was too nonsensical. Even Zuo Mo felt it was extremely absurd and threw it to one side.
Just like normal, Zuo Mo threw the different herbs into the cauldron and put his hands on the eight trigrams plate to start. The consciousness was especially sensitive to changes in ling energy. He occasionally was able to even feel the ling energy changes in the herbs inside the cauldron. Some became excited, some flashed and disappeared, some slowly became weaker… …
Even though he was very familiar with the fasting pill, but the kinds of ling energy transformations, and vibrations between the herbs still attracted his attention.
The source of this content is lightnovelp/ub/[.]com
Unconsciously, his consciousness became muddled. It was like the hands that were controlling the eight trigrams plate suddenly were possessed and abruptly changed their position.
A thin string of gold light dropped from the sky and landed in his hands, then was deflected into the cauldron.
After a while, he slowly became clear headed again. When he saw the gold string, he stared in shock. How did he end up casting [Art of Crimson Flame]?
He shook. Damn it! Don’t ruin the dan! He still owed Xu Qing shimei three pieces of second grade jingshi. If this dan was ruined, then he really had outstanding debts.
His consciousness penetrated through the cauldron. A reaction had not occurred inside. Zuo Mo’s heart jumped and he hurriedly opened the cauldron.
A green dan was lying silently on the bottom. Zuo Mo released a breath. It looked as though that it hadn’t been ruined. He raised the fasting pill and prepared to put it in the pouch when he saw a glitter of gold light from the corner of his eye. He first blanked, and then rushed to hold this fasting pill on his hand in front of his eyes for a closer examination.
Only upon close examination did he find that this fasting pill was different than the fasting pills he had made previously. The color was deep green, not the blue-green. If he looked even more closely, he found that there were extremely thin gold patterns mixed inside. That was the cause of that gold light that Zuo Mo had detected just now. Also, the weight of it was slightly heavier than normal fasting pills.
Was this still a fasting pill? Zuo Mo wasn’t so sure.
Eating it to try it out, Zuo Mo didn’t dare. But he didn’t bear to throw it away. Selling it to Xu Qing Shimei, he was afraid of conning someone else. He knew that the transformation definitely was caused by the [Art of Crimson Flame] that he unconsciously cast when his thoughts had been wandering. Theoretically, [Art of Crimson Flame] was used to gather the essence of the sun. Its base attribute should lean towards fire and logically, the dan shouldn’t be harmful.
For more, visit li/ghtnovelp//ub[.]com
Pondering for a while, he still decided to keep this dan. After Master came out of the dan room, he would then ask her.
Master had entered the dan room over ten days ago yet the door to the room was still tightly shut. Sometimes, Zuo Mo couldn’t help but think, was all skilled dan cultivators like this?
He had finished his quota a long time ago, but Master didn’t show any signs of coming out of the dan room. Zuo Mo decided to work on his own cultivation. Under the present circumstances, he had reached his limits with the five spells of a ling plant farmer. To progress, he needed to have jade scrolls about future stages.
Other than practicing finger motions to avoid becoming out of practice, he spent the rest of his time on [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] and refining his sword essence.
He didn’t know if refining was the word commonly used but he felt that it was very descriptive. Right now, his sword essence had only formed. It was like a sword embryo that needed continuous hammering and grinding before it could become a true sword. Xin Yan Shishu’s sword essence was deeply engraved in his head. Under that sky-shattering sword essence, he had died countless times.
What he needed to do was to try to mimic Shishu’s sword essence. If he couldn’t get the aura, at the least, he had to form the appearance. Then he could frighten people with it.
He was resolute that unless it was necessary, he wouldn’t show it. Even Yu Bai could clearly see his origins. If it landed in the eyes of Master and the shishu, it would be strange if they weren’t suspicious. Xin Yan Shishu had never taught him. If they pressed, Pu Yao’s existence most likely couldn’t be hidden. Whenever he thought about Yin Xan Shishu’s icy gaze, Zuo Mo felt shivers go up his spine.
No matter the sect, stealing was a great crime.
Zuo Mo was very regretful now about having fought in Dong Fu. Who would have thought that Yu Bai’s eyes were so keen that he could see the origins of his sword essence?
The source of this content is lightn/o//velpub[.]com
But regret was useless now. In any case, it was dealing with it as it came, the barefoot wasn’t afraid of those wearing shoes. He actually put even more effort in practicing now.
He couldn’t use a flying sword. As a result, he could only work with [Art of Aged Gold]. He faithfully followed the basic sword scriptures that Wei Sheng Shixiong had left behind in the jade sticks. He hadn’t felt it before but after comprehending sword essence, Zuo Mo found that while these basic scriptures might be simple, but every one of them was important. So he turned back and started to practice these most basic scriptures.
Before this, Zuo Mo had never cultivated the sword and really could be considered a blank page in this area. After being sliced countless times by Pu Yao using Xin Yan Shishu’s sword essence, he finally comprehended something. But his fundamentals were really lacking and so even with his comprehension, it was not rooted. If he didn’t steady it, the comprehension would quickly be worn away.
Because of it, he was now turning back to cultivate the most basic of the basic sword scriptures.
These basic scriptures were all gathered from Wei Sheng’s experience of countless battles. They were practical and effective. Zuo Mo, who had a slight comprehension of sword essence, could look from a higher viewpoint to judge these basic scriptures and he learnt extremely quickly. These basic sword scriptures managed to help fill the gaps of Zuo Mo’s fundamentals.
In the Little West Wind Yard, Zuo Mo solitarily practiced those basic sword scriptures.
The sword scriptures were very simple. It could be learned on the first try. But it was like Zuo Mo was enchanted as he patiently practiced over and over.
Before meeting Pu Yao, before meeting Wei Sheng Shixiong, the spell he was most skilled with, [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], had been refined like this. He never hoped for any kind of enlightenment. In his mind, nothing was more practical than working at something bit by bit.
Behind the most beautiful and exquisite things, was the most dullness and loneliness.
Visit light/no/vel/pub[.]c/om for a better experience
He was very skilled with [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] and his ling energy was steadily increasing. In comparison, his spiritual power progressed much faster. He was like a cultivator in seclusion, each day was scheduled to the fullest, and no time was wasted.
What was worth celebrating was that the damned crazy woman hadn’t bothered him recently.
Time passed like this.
A sword energy fly out of the sky. Zuo Mo, who had been practicing sword scriptures in the yard, stopped. Master had come out.
Jumping onto the roof, climbing on to the back of the grey beaked goose, the grey beaked goose gave a clear call and flew up with spread wings. It carried Zuo Mo towards the Fragrant Ginger Yard.
Fragrant Ginger Yard.
There was tiredness on Shi Feng Rong’s face. The dan-making process had been more than a month and it had taken a heavy toll on her. When Zuo Mo arrived, Xu Qing was reporting to her what had happened in the yard during the time.
Seeing Zuo Mo come over, Shi Feng Rong’s face became cold: “Have you made five fasting pills?”
“Completed.” Zuo Mo presented the five fasting pills he had prepared beforehand with a lowered head.
New novel chapters are published on lightnove/lpub[.]com
Shi Feng Rong’s expression eased slightly and indicated for Xu Qing to take it. Nodding her head, she said: “Not bad, it seemed that you hadn’t been lazy. You’ve just started dan-making, so if you have any questions, you can ask them now.” At the side, Xu Qing gave an admiring expression. She might be the first seat of Fragrant Ginger Yard’s outer sect disciples, and was very trusted by Shi Feng Rong ,but she could only learn, but didn’t have the right to ask questions. However, she quickly refocused. She hadn’t been thrown out, that meant she was allowed to listen. This was a rare opportunity.
Hearing this, Zuo Mo was overjoyed and asked several questions he had been puzzled by.
Shi Feng Rong answered them one by one.
Zuo Mo suddenly thought about the dan that he had used [Art of Crimson Flame] to make and rushed to take it out: “Master, this is a dan that I accidentally made. It seems to be different from the fasting pill. This disciple doesn’t know what it is. Master, please take a look.”
Shi Feng Rong took the dan and couldn’t help but make a sound as she carefully examined it.
After a while, she asked: “Tell how you made it.”
Zuo Mo narrated the entire process in detail. When he mentioned that he had accidentally cast [Art of Crimson Flame], Shi Feng Rong seemed have understood something.
When Zuo Mo finished, Shi Feng Rong said: “This fasting pill has essence of the sun added in. The effects are extremely yang and can enter the ranks of first grade dan. After consumption, it can make one stimulated, and arouse ling energy. But the side effects afterward would most likely not be minor. I have never seen this kind of dan before. You can name it and find your Yan Le Shishu to sell it and earn some jingshi.”
Zuo Mo asked dumbly: “How much could it sell for?”
New novel chapters are published on lig/htnovelpub[.]/com
Shi Feng Rong’s face turned cold: “Go ask yourself.” Finishing, she started to ignore Zuo Mo.
Zuo Mo didn’t know where he had offended his cold-faced Master and could only leave. However, he quickly became happy again. He had accidentally managed to make a lingdan. Fasting pills could only be considered a kind of medicine dan and couldn’t be really called a lingdan, much less enter a grade. Zuo Mo was very clear that any lingdan that could enter the grade, its price wouldn’t be low.
For Zuo Mo, who was in desperate need of jingshi, what would make him even happier than finding a way to earn jingshi?
Countless jingshi were waving their hands at him……
He mused inside, he need to find a time to go see Yan Le Shishu.



Chapter 45: Piece of Jingshi
Chapter Forty Four A Tragedy Caused By One Piece of Jingshi
Zuo Mo named this lingdan “Great Strength Pill”. It sounded extremely crass but he didn’t care.
He had planned on making a few more to give to Yan Le Shishu to sell for jingshi but very quickly, he could only put this matter to the side. In the ling fields, a batch of ling grasses and herbs were ready for harvest. He had farmed attentively each day. Like [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], [Art of Earth Energy] and [Art of Crimson Flame], he would cast it multiple times each day. And [Art of Flora] and [Art of Aged Gold] would be used once every couple of days.
Zuo Mo had never farmed like this in the past. Due to his diligent care, the growth of the plants in West Wind Valley was extremely outstanding. Some of the ling plants with short growth periods were ready for harvest.
For Zuo Mo whose purse was rusted, this was really a perfectly timed rainstorm. Due to its importance, he even asked for a break from Master.
Inside West Wind Valley, a skeleton bent over the ling fields and sweated.
“Finally all done.” Zuo Mo sat on the ground as he panted. Looking at the small pile of ling plants in front of him, he was filled with satisfaction. Then he turned to look in the corner. The third grade fire dragon grass was almost full grown. A bright fiery red, very beautiful.
He sorted out the ling grasses and herbs by type and then by grade. Then he carefully wrapped them. After all that, Zuo Mo rode the grey beaked goose towards Yan Le Shishu’s residence.
When Yan Le saw Zuo Mo, especially the big bag on Zuo Mo’s back, his eyes instantly lit up: “Did Shizhi grow something good?”
Putting down the large bag, Zuo Mo wiped the sweat on his forehead: “This is a bunch of ling herbs that were just grown. Shibo, please help me sell them.” Letting someone else sell them required given two-tenths to the sect but Zuo Mo still decided to let the sect sell them. Other than the fact that Yan Le Shibo knew more about the market than he did, the sect’s contribution points were very useful. And the more one contributed to the sect , their status within the sect would naturally become higher.
Visit l/ightnov/elp/ub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
Even though Pu Yao was in his sea of consciousness, but this fickle and perverse renyao could not be relied on. Pu Yao was a completely dangerous factor. If he didn’t have to touch him, it was best not to.
In comparison, Zuo Mo was much more willing to take advantage of the sect’s power. At the very least, the elders of the sect appeared to be normal people. But this way, raising his own status in the sect had become very important.
Cultivation, the higher it went, the more resources it needed. Trying to rely on an individual’s power, it was far less realistic than using the power of the sect. Even roaming cultivators had their own little circles. Cultivators who truly secluded themselves were the rarest of the rare.
Yan Le crouched down and flipped through the ling grasses Zuo Mo had brought, the joy on his face becoming heavier.
“Lots of good stuff! En, en, third grade south wolfberry, third grade seven leaf chrysanthemum, woah, and there’s also daystar grass, also third grade! This can be sold for a pretty good price… …” Yan Le seemed to be very familiar and recognized all of the ling grasses and grains.
Zuo Mo was in awe and hurriedly flattered: “Shibo is really great, you recognize all of these.” Shi Feng Rong was the smallest of the four so Zuo Mo’s address of Yan Le turned from shishu to shibo.
“Haha, in business, you have to recognize those.” Yan Le felt very good about Zuo Mo’s flattery. His originally small eyes became a line and he said amiably: “As expected of a ling plant farmer! To grow something, not just faster than others, but better than others. Shizhi has put thought in. All you planted are things easy to sell and at a good price.”
He didn’t know if it was that he felt guilt,y but Zuo Mo felt that Yan Le’s gaze seemed full of meaning. Did Shibo also know about Elder Wei Nan?
He forced himself to remain calm: “Shibo should also know just how poor this disciple is. If I don’t plant something to sell, I won’t even have the jingshi for learning about dan-making.”
Updated from lightnovelpu/b[.]com
He was very grateful for his zombie face. It really was the best disguise.
Yan Le nodded: “Haha. Without jingshi, you can’t learn anything. You are a ling plant farmer now, don’t worry about jingshi. As long as you keep farming, us elders wouldn’t treat you unfairly.”
“Of course, of course.” Zuo Mo smiled in agreement but his expressionless face truly gave others a strange feeling.
Yan Le randomly picked two plants out: “South wolfberry, and this gold-grain red tulip, don’t sell it, you keep it. In the future, you’ll use it in dan-making. I remember your master had especially asked me to help gather it for her. These two are easily sold but it’s hard to buy.”
Zuo Mo hurriedly put away those two ling herbs.
“Everything else I’ll go help you sell. What the sect needs, I will give to you according to the market price.” Finishing, he took out a piece of jingshi to hand to Zuo Mo: “This is a piece of third grade jingshi. It’s a down payment. Take it. I’ll get your Li Ying Feng Shijie to send over the remainder in a few days.”
Zuo Mo stared dazedly at the third grade jingshi on Yan Le’s hand.
Third grade jingshi! This was the first piece of third grade jingshi that he had ever seen!
Seeing Zuo Mo’s dumb gaze, Yan Le couldn’t help but start to laugh. He threw the jingshi at Zuo Mo: “Arlight, outside, don’t embarrass me like this.”
The most up-to-date novels are published on l/ightnovelpub[/.]//com
Zuo Mo’s brain still hadn’t managed to fully recover. Previously, he had thought that this harvest would be of some value but he had never thought that just the down payment was a piece of third grade jingshi! The wealth that dropped down from the sky pounded Zuo Mo into dizziness. He felt that his entire body was floating.
He suddenly remembered another matter. Zuo Mo, who had been walking away, turned back and took out “Great Strength Pill”: “Shibo, can you see how much this lingdan is worth?”
Yan Le took the lingdan and narrowed his eyes for an examination: “You made it? What’s its use?”
Zuo Mo narrated what Master had said.
“Then I’ll try to help you sell it. Everyone takes some time to accept new lingdan, I cannot guarantee how much I can sell this for.” Yan Le said after thinking.
Zuo Mo naturally was very grateful. His purse being the fullest it had ever been, he completely forgot that he had thought of using great strength pill to earn jingshi. Even as he returned to the Little West Wind Yard, he was still muddle headed.
Like a miser, he looked at this third grade jingshi.
The color and intactness of a third grade jingshi far surpassed a second grade jingshi. All the edges were regular and complete, the entire body transparent and glowing without any signs of impurity. It was like a clear crystal. But the ling energy inside was extremely powerful!
He gently caressed the jingshi, a drunken expression in his eyes.
The most up-to-date novels are published on //lightn/ove/lpub[.]com
Suddenly, his hand seemed to have been cut by something, and the jingshi in his hands lit up unexpectedly. Zuo Mo stood, paralyzed, as he looked at the glowing jingshi. A strong pounding feeling rose in his heart as through something was going to erupt.
The glow from the jingshi gradually faded, but the pounding in Zuo Mo’s heart became even stronger.
What was going on?
He was slightly panicked.
“Idiot, you are entering zhuji!” Pu Yao suddenly appeared with a mocking smile as he looked at Zuo Mo.
“Zhuji?” Zuo Mo couldn’t attend to the disdain in Pu Yao’s voice and hurriedly asked: “What’s going on? Why am I suddenly going into zhuji?”
Pu Yao shrugged his shoulders: “When there is enough ling energy, naturally it is time for zhuji. You just had been stimulated by the ling energy in the jingshi so the ling energy inside your body, hm, woke up.”
“Woke up? What am I supposed to do?” Zuo Mo didn’t know what to do.
Damn it! He hadn’t thought he would get to zhuji so soon. He hadn’t even make any preparations. He didn’t know what was going to happen next, or what he needed to do. He had always felt that zhuji was far from him.
Follow current novels on ligh/tnove/lpub[.//]com
Right, he could go ask the shibo! Zuo Mo hit his head and prepared to run towards the grey beaked goose.
Under the shadow of the hair in front of Pu Yao’s face, a blade-like curve silently appeared.
“Don’t you want power? I have a method for zhuji, pretty good, guarantee you will successfully zhuji and your cultivation will increase greatly.” Pu Yao’s cool voice was filled with intense enticement.
Zuo Mo’s footsteps stopped.
“What do you want?” Zuo Mo asked between his teeth.
“Hee hee.” Pu Yao pointed to Zuo Mo’s hands with the third grade jingshi.
As expected, this renyao didn’t have good intentions! So he was aiming for his third grade jingshi. Zuo Mo was enraged and snorted: “I should asked Shibo……”
“Hee hee, zhuji, it’s the first gate for a cultivator. But many people don’t know that it’s also one of the most important gates. It would directly influence your future cultivation. Don’t blame me for not warning you. Using those zhuji dan won’t be of any benefit to you~~!”
Pu Yao said leisurely.
Follow current novels on li/ghtnovelp//ub/[.]com
The pounding in his heart became even stronger. Zuo Mo felt as though his heart was going to jump out of his chest. Pu Yao’s words landed in his ear but became hazy and intangible.
“Hee hee, those shibo of yours. It’s not that I’m underestimating them but they can’t give you much power. Look at your master, she’s just not the opponent of the person that changed your features and erased your mind. How about it? I’ve never cheated you. [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] is useful right, sword essence, oh, you’ve reached the threshold! Me, I’m very trustworthy.”
Pu Yao smiled gently, peerlessly beautiful.
“One piece of third grade jingshi, this is really cheap. Just a piece of third grade jingshi. If you put some effort it, you’ll earn it again. But the benefits you’ll receive would be endless. Is there a business more profitable than this one in this world?”
The pounding inside his heart became even stronger. Everything in his vision seemed to become twisted. Zuo Mo felt that something inside his body seemed to have been lit up.
Thirsty! He licked his lips and swallowed the saliva.
He had a feeling that going to find Master now, there wouldn’t be enough time.
“Here!” Zuo Mo gritted his teeth and threw the third grade jingshi hard at Pu Yao. He wanted to smash this renyao.
“Hee hee, the smart choice!” Pu Yao easily caught the jingshi, his thin lips opening: “Hm, take that fire dragon grass to Cold Mist Valley.”
Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for a better experience
“Fire dragon grass!” Zuo Mo’s eyes widened as he forced the words through his teeth.
This guy… …
Zuo Mo wanted to cry. The kind of terrifying thing that was fire dragon grass, only terrifying people like Shixiong could tolerate it! People like him, there was only one outcome, that was, ling energy collapsing and death.
Pu Yao’s right eye curved into a crescent and reminded Zuo Mo: “There’s not much time left.”
The feeling of burning inside his body became even stronger. Zuo Mo wanted to rip off the clothing. The blood vessels were like burning metal pipes. He was abnormally thirsty, abnormally uncomfortable! There wasn’t much time left!
Unable to care about that much, he took out the spirit travelling seal and pasted it onto his legs. All the ling energy in his body moving, he grabbed the fire dragon grass, and ran towards Cold Misty Valley like a ball of red clouds.
He shouted inside.
–– Pu! You cursed renyao!



Chapter 46: Zhuji
No cliffhanger this time????.
There has been two big terminology changes. I still don’t understand how I didn’t translate “jade sticks” properly and it didn’t click for this long. It is now “jade scroll” which is better and easier to understand. Also, Tian Yue Jie is now Sky Moon Jie. I might slip up sometimes but that’s the general gist of it.
I think I’ll update the glossary every 20 chapters or so. There’s no many terms now in the future chapters.
Chapter Forty Six Zhuji
The peak of daytime, the sky was blue and clear, yet what raised people’s hairs was that the blue sky was filled with blazing stars!
“Stars in daytime… …” Pei Yuan Ran muttered to himself. The other three’s expressions all changed.
“Shixiong.” Shi Feng Rong’s voice was slightly trembling: “What is happening here?”
“I don’t know.” Pei Yuan Ran’s expression was heavy as he shook his head: “The apparition of stars appearing in daytime, it happens once every few thousand years. I’ve only seen it in some records. But it doesn’t seem to be a good omen.”
Even though the four were all jindan, looking at the strange scene in front of them, their hearts couldn’t help but feel cold.
In Dong Fu, Yu Bai stared with wide eyes at the stars dotting the sky and that proud sun hanging high up in the sky. Fear rose up from the deepest part of his heart and spread through his body.
For more, visit l/i/g/htnov/elpub[.]com
Tian Song Zi muttered: “Stars in daytime… …”
The Plum Peak of Dong Qi, light erupted from Zuo Mei Tian’s eyes as he murmured: “Stars in daytime… …”
In the entire Sky Moon Jie, countless strong people were all alarmed. Looking up at the sky over the thirteen primary towns of Sky Moon Jie, it was completely filled with cultivators. In the wilderness, on the mountaintops, no matter what the xiuzhe were doing, they all stopped their hands and floated in midair. All of the cultivator’s gazes, they were completely focuses on this sky that they were so familiar with.
No matter their cultivation, shock was on everyone’s face.
In Cold Mist Valley, Pu Yao’s pupils shrunk. He gazed at the pond before him. In his blood red vision, he could clearly see a pillar of light that glittered as it came down from the sky and entered the pond. If one used a normal vision, where could they even see a pillar? No ling energy, no vibrations. Only through his blood eye could this intangible pillar of light be seen.
“Do you think you had wagered correctly?” Pu Yao said coldly, murderous intent in his right blood eye.
When the sound landed, the clear pond suddenly became as dark as ink. The sound of the waterfall disappeared without a trace. The waterfall was like a broken mustang, docilely flowing into the pond without a splash.
The valley fell into a strange silence.
Looking at the black water pond, Pu Yao wasn’t afraid. He took a strong stride forward, pressing: “For this trash, you decide to fight me?”
New novel chapters are published on light/n/ovelp/ub[.]com
The black water pond was silent and motionless as though it was dead.
A yao, a pond. They confronted each other like this.
Time slipped away.
Pu Yao suddenly took back the leg he had stepped with, his expression returning to normal. A kind of disdain was at the corner of his mouth: “Stars in daylight, hei hei, do you really think this is still three thousand years ago? You made it too big.” He was somewhat rejoicing at the calamity.
The black water pond wasn’t affected.
Pu Yao shrugged: “So what if its stars in daylight? Can it extinguish Sky Yao Fire? The sky yao fire even you can’t extinguish?”
The black water pond suddenly started to flip as though it was boiling. Explosive sounds came out of the inky black water.
Pu Yao raised his head to look at the sky and lightly said a sentence that instantly made the pond water quite.
“Oh, it seems everyone wants to see.”
Visit lightno/vel/pu/b[.]com for a better experience
In the blink of an eye, the pond regained its clarity. The obedient waterfall resumed its ferocity and roared, the water splashing.
Pu Yao gave a light laugh and disappeared.
An extremely strong consciousness scanned over Cold Mist Valley.
When Zuo Mo opened his eyes, he instantly shuddered. So cold! The coldness of the water told him where he was situated. The cold pond of Cold Mist Valley. Last time, it had been here where he had broken through to one breath. He was very familiar with this situation. But after he had achieved one breath, he had never felt suffocated in the water. In the past, Zuo Mo had actually been suspicious that he might turn into a fish.
Ouch!
Zuo Mo bared his teeth. So painful! Any movement and a heart wrenching pain would come from all over his body. His features instantly twisted.
Thankfully, he wasn’t dead!
What he could remember up until was when that hazy voice told him to eat the fire dragon grass. What happened after, he didn’t know at all. But right now, he wasn’t willing to think, too lazy to move, his entire body was hurting and very quickly, he found he wasn’t wearing a scrap of clothing.
How would he get out?
For more, visit ligh/tnovelpub[.]com
He wanted to laugh but couldn’t. Right now, he didn’t want to think about anything. He just wanted to go to sleep. But the pond water was really too cold, so cold it reached his heart. This wasn’t a good place to sleep.
Why was it that every time, he would torment himself so much……
Forcing himself alert, he gritted his teeth and entered mediation. He wanted to know what his situation really was like.
The ling energy in his body abruptly appeared in front of him. He was first struck dumb and then was overjoyed! Zhujii! He had completed zhuji!
Internal vision, this was internal vision! In a trance, he “saw” the three dimensional diagram of the ling energy moving through his body. Each strand of ling energy was so clear for him to “see”. He felt as though he could see all objects, his mind becoming clear.
Zuo Mo didn’t know how long it was until his thoughts refocused. He hurriedly inspected his ling energy again and to his surprise, he found his ling energy was three times what it had been originally been.
No wonder the distance between the tenth level of lianqi and zhuji was a great canyon. It really was a canyon. He had just entered zhuji and his cultivation had increased three times. Think of the power disparity!
It might have been cause by excess happiness, but the pain from his body seemed to lessen greatly. Zuo Mo struggled out of the bottom of the pond and floated towards the top. When his head came out of the water, he couldn’t help sucking in a breath!
He hadn’t thought that he would really make it through the fire dragon grass.
This content is taken from light/n/ov/elpub[.]com
Even now, he was still somewhat in disbelief. Fire dragon grass was something that only terrifying and abnormal people like Shixiong could endure! But he actually made it through! But he still had lingering fears. The danger involved could be deduced from the pain of his entire body.
But, he finally made it through!
He opened his mouth and wanted to laugh but found that his throat was dry and painful, unable to make a sound. His hands pushed against the side of the pond, trying to climb out. His body shuddered in great pain and almost made him faint. With no other solution, he could only use his hands to grab a rock beside the pond, his body soaking in the water.
The joy after surviving a calamity made everything seem so beautiful.
After a long time, the pain lessened slightly and his strength had slightly recovered. Struggling to climb out of the pond, he found the jade scrolls and other times scattered on the ground. He carefully picked them all up. What really made him feel pain was that third grade spirit travelling seal. It had burnt down to only a small scrap.
Did his body really combust?
He still remembered the strong feeling of burning before he became unconscious but that was all he remembered. Thankfully, most of his belongings, like talismans and jade sticks, were still undamaged. But since the spirit travelling seal was gone, and he was naked, how would he get back to West Wind Valley?
Suddenly, he had an idea. Casting [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], he saw a white ball of clouds appear in front of him.
He snickered, his hands maintaining the spell as his body sneaked into the cloud. Oh, cold, very comfortable. Very quickly, he found that the pain in his body seemed to have lessened slightly. Did [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] have healing properties? But this wasn’t the time to study it. He should think of a way to get back.
The source of this content is lightnove/lpub[.]com
Old Black had finished his work in the fields and was preparing to return home.
Walking on the road, he couldn’t help but ponder what he had just seen. Thinking about it now, he felt his heart tremble. Stars appearing during daytime. There were many strange things in the world, natural abnormalities. Was this a bad omen?
He couldn’t help but raise his head. In the blue sky, other than the sun, there was nothing else.
Old Black exhaled. Normal was good, normal was good. Normality was the best. Please don’t have any change. As he thought aimlessly, he walked back towards his residence. Where he was living now was the big yard that Zuo Mo had lived in previously.
Detecting that someone was coming opposite him, he raised his head. At a glance, he was pinned to the ground, his expression dumbstruck.
After a pause, he recovered and stammered: “Little Mo ge, you, you are… …”
Zuo Mo was completely shrouded in a white cloud. Only his head was left sticking out. Looking down, Old Black could barely make out a pair of bare feet.
Old Black felt this white cloud seemed familiar. He suddenly realized, wasn’t this the cloud from [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]?
Was he taking a bath?
This content is taken from li/ghtno/vel/pub[.]com
Thinking about the rain of [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], Old Black felt that this creativity was pretty good.
But… … he didn’t need to bathe on the mountain road… … and wash as he kept on walking……
Zuo Mo was extremely embarrassed and wanted to find a crack in the ground to hide himself. But due to his zombie face, there wasn’t any bashfulness, no embarrassment. He seemed very at ease. His entire body was in pain. Any movement, and the pain would pierce his heart. He could only laboriously move his feet step by step.
Old Black decided to give a compliment. He reached out with his thumb: “Little Mo ge, this trick is great!”
Zuo Mo felt that there weren’t any words that could describe his feelings right now. He could only nod his head solemnly in acknowledgement and then slowly walk down the path!
Looking at the back of the white ball slowly moving, even Old Black couldn’t help but feel that Little Mo ge’s bearing had really improved.
What made Zuo Mo feel hopeless was that he had encountered quite a few outer sect disciples as he made his way. Their strange gazes made Zuo Mo’s hair stand up. When he reached West Wind Valley, he almost wept tears of joy. But when he appeared at the gates of his own little yard, the gray beaked goose at the rooftop was suddenly alarmed and quickly used its wings to cover its eyes. Zuo Mo’s heart instantly shattered into countless pieces, landing on the ground.
So this grey bird was female……
What made Zuo Mo feel depressed was that this female bird sneakily created a small opening through her wings and peeped through from behind. And what made his teeth itch even more was that this female bird’s gaze turned from curious to disdainful!
Updated from lightnovelpub[.]com
Damned bird!
Humiliated, Zuo Mo angrily sent out a sword energy.
Honk!
The grey beaked goose shouted in alarm and nimbly dodged. It flew into the air and then suddenly extended its neck, full of disdain as it spat at the ground.
Zuo Mo almost fainted in anger. He throughout hatefully, you are a dead bird, just wait!
What he was thankful for was that he hadn’t encountered an elder on his way. If Master saw his state, she would beat him halfway to death and throw him down the mountain to feed the dogs.
Laboriously moving into the room, he collapsed on the bed. He didn’t want to move, he didn’t want to think, didn’t want to move a fingertip. He was exhausted. Very quickly, he slipped into a deep sleep.
Before sleeping, he lightly muttered: “Zhuji!”



Chapter 47: Shixiong Xu Yi
Chapter Forty Seven Shixiong Xu Yi
Waking up, Zuo Mo almost couldn’t open his eyes in the bright sunlight.
He gave a comfortable groan. The soreness made his entire body feel relaxed. He wanted to keep sleeping. After struggling for a moment, he still decided to get up. In zhuji, there really wasn’t any need for sleep. But other than to recover strength, sleep’s most important purpose was to let the mind rest.
In the sunlight, he stretched out his spine, his entire skeleton cracking like popcorn. Zuo Mo instantly was frightened and quickly inspected his body. Not finding any problems, his heart was then reassured.
He always felt that he muddled through all his breakthroughs. He never had the knowledge of what happened. Like [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] going to the fourth level, [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] breaking into One Breath, it was all like this. This time wasn’t an exception. Other than these crisp sounds, and the increase in cultivation, he had not found any other benefits that zhuji had brought.
He was too greedy. Zuo Mo laughed at himself. Just in the increase in cultivation was enough for him to receive countless benefits.
Walking out of the room, Zuo Mo, after the calamity, felt that the warm sunlight was all the more precious. Even the damn bird on the rooftop wasn’t as terrible in his eyes as yesterday.
Suddenly stopping, he took a deep breath. The slightly spread ten fingers suddenly moved, creating an afterimage. His gaze was focus, his ten fingers coming alive, darting quickly. The complicated transformations would dazzle a person’s eyes. After learning [Art of Flora], a spell that prioritized finger movements, this almost became one of his most practiced spells.
There wasn’t too many spells to practice in lianqi involving manipulation of ling energy. Like [Little Art of Cloud and Rain], Zuo Mo had almost practiced it to the limits of what a lianqi cultivator could do. And how to use spiritual power, he didn’t have one word of instruction, and couldn’t even touch the doorway. The only thing that time could be spent upon, and that he felt useful, were finger movements. Therefore, [Art of Flora] that used finger movements was his only choice.
The increase in cultivation didn’t cause an evident increase in the finger movements. This point raised Zuo Mo’s attention. Zhuji was only the first stage in the journey of cultivation. The dangers of the road ahead, only trying it personally could lead to understanding.
Visit li//ghtn/ovelpub[.]com for a better experience
His goal, from a long time ago, it wasn’t earning jingshi or just living anymore.
To search for the answer, then what was required was sufficient strength. Even Master, a jindan, was cautious when speaking of the guy that had changed his features and erased his mind. How powerful the other’s power must be! In other words, at the least, he needed power that surpassed his master.
Master was a jindan……
Zuo Mo took a deep breath, raised his expressionless face, and the hands that had been at his side silently turned to fists.
It was very far, far enough to make him feel it was impossible. There were countless cultivators, how many would become jindan? To say of nothing else, but in the second generation of the entire sect, the only one that had hopes of becoming jindan was Wei Sheng Shixiong. Himself? A guy that only had some talent in the area of five elements… …
If it was becoming a strong ling plant farmer, Zuo Mo didn’t have any doubts of whether he could achieve it. But achieving jindan, his most optimistic prediction was only just a hope of one in ten thousand.
After he learned of his changed features and erased mind, he had continuously asked himself, was it really worth it to pursue after such an illusory and distance goal? Right now, as a ling plant farmer, his life would become better and better. If he formed a relationship with someone, his own descendants would have a pretty good life. But this, gambling his living, his life, to pursue that goal that had almost no chance of winning, was it worth it?
Whenever he started to sway, he would always think of that dream that frequently appeared, that kept on repeating “Even in death, you must not forget.” Every time he would ask himself, what was it that he could not forget even if he died?
He didn’t know.
Follow current novels on lightnovelpub[.]com
He was a cowardly person. In order to live, he could flatter, could bow his spine, but … …
He wanted to know.
The change in his frame of mind caused the change in his attitude to his cultivation to change completely. He worked more, worked harder. He knew just how low his starting point was. He also knew that his own innate talents were not good. But he also knew he had his own advantages.
Pu, even though he had cursed this damned perverse renyao countless times, but Zuo Mo still needed to thank him. Without Pu Yao, he couldn’t even see a hint of sunlight. For this sliver of light, even if he had to pay some things, he was still willing.
This time, zhuji had been a painful odeal for him. But for some reason, his mental state became calmer, his thoughts clearer. Being a ling plant farmer could dramatically increase his position in the sect, but clearly, a ling plant farmer could not help him complete his goal. What he could rely on in this area was still sword scriptures. Ling plant farming, in the future, it was an important technique to earn jingshi but not his main path of development.
There were many paths to increase attack power but of the many types of cultivation, the one with strongest attack power were sword cultivators. Even more, he was situated in a sword sect and naturally wouldn’t abandon what was near to reach for the far. He might not have much talent with the sword but he just needed to work harder.
Thinking about sword cultivation, he remembered that after zhuji, he could imprint a flying sword. Very quickly, he ran into difficulties. He didn’t have a scripture for imprinting a flying sword.
In Fragrant Ginger Yard, Shi Feng Rong was shocked when she saw Zuo Mo but instantly recovered: “Even with zhuji, you cannot be lazy. Go to the records room. You will be able to read some of the jade sticks. Coming out next time, I will personally test you. If you were lazy, there will be a heavy punishment.” The last few words were extremely threatening.
Zuo Mo cowered under Master’s scolding, and could only murmur in affirmation. Inside, he wailed at his misfortune. It seemed he had hit Master’s sore point somehow and couldn’t help but wonder who had irritated Master.
New novel chapters are published on lightnovelpub[.]com
Only when Master’s anger had decreased some did he cautiously open: “Master, this disciple wants to request a scripture for impressing a flying sword.”
“Impressing a flying sword?” Shi Feng Rong couldn’t help but frown and said with some dissatisfaction: “Your priority should be ling farming and dan-making. Don’t be greedy. Too greedy and you cannot digest It all. Don’t you understand that?”
Zuo Mo heard this and grimaced. He just knew he wouldn’t receive a good scripture. His mouth went: “This disciple understands. But our Wu Kong Sect is a sword sect. If this disciple doesn’t know how to even impress a flying sword. Walking out, wouldn’t it shame the sect?”
“That’s true.” Hearing this, Shi Feng Rong thought it was reasonable: “You can go see your shixiong Xu Yi and find a scripture to practice. Do not spend too much effort.”
“Yes.” Zuo Mo agreed docilely.
“Go.” Shi Feng Rong discourteously sent him away. The stars in daytime that had appeared yesterday caused his mood to be bad to the extreme. She had heard some of the rumors about stars in daytime. There were all kinds of strange ones but one point was unusually unanimous. That was, it wasn’t a good thing. If this kind of incident had happened in one of the other jie, she could go spectate but since it happened in Tian Yue jie, her mood became bad. Especially when she saw the worry in her sect leader shixiong’s eyes, her mood became worse.
She knew Sect Leader Shixiong very well. Sect Leader Shixiong never was panicked. Since even he was worried this time, the situation probably was worse than she had imagined!
If this lady knew who was the one behind all this, humph humph! Murderous intent flashed through her eyes, causing Xu Qing at the side to jump in fright.
Even as he left Fragrant Ginger Yard, Zuo Mo felt that his chest was heavy. He knew that Master was looking out for him but he could not tell his reasons to Master. It seemed that he had thought too simply. Zuo Mo grimaced inside. Originally, he had assumed that if his contribution to the sect was large, the sect would naturally increase his benefits and he wouldn’t have to worry about things like scriptures. Now he knew that he had expected too much. His benefits would naturally increase but benefits were also sorted into areas. Things like spells were the very core of a sect. Would they easily give it to others?
This content is taken from lightno/velpub[.]/c/om
Right now, he could only hope for Wei Sheng Shixiong to come out of the Sword Cave and teach him some moves.
He still decided to take a trip to Xu Yi Shixiong’s place. He might not get a good spell but he could seek a substitute. He’ll take an average one. He had nothing in terms of sword scriptures. He was a page of white. Learning something would help his fundamentals.
Humph, if the sect won’t give, then he’ll just buy it.
If the jingshi that he threw out was numerous enough, he would naturally be able to buy a pretty good sword scripture.
Ge is a ling plant farmer, am I someone that would lack for jingshi? He completely forgot that his last piece of jingshi had been extracted by Pu Yao.
In the sea of consciousness, the sea of fire roared. If Zuo Mo came in, he would certainly be in for a fright. The dancing deep red flames had grown a section higher. The temperature of the ice river seemed to have decreased. And the biggest change was the star in the sky.
Bright as a diamond, magnificent and dazzling.
On the gravestone shrouded in the black clouds, Pu Yao lazily used his hand to support his perfect and flawless chin, the other hand rubbing a pile of powder, muttering to himself: “Used up all the jingshi , ah. This guy is really a piece of trash, even getting a jingshi requires almost killing himself.”
He said to the air: “If I knew earlier, I’d have gone myself. Now it’s great, you made the incident big, so many powerful guys have arrived from outside. Even dead, you’re still making trouble for me. It really is inflexible to the death.”
Follow current novels on /li/ghtnovelpu/b[./]com
The white powder dribbled from the cracks in his hands.
A lonely yao sat on the gravestone and said ruefully: “The landlord doesn’t have any surplus either!”
In the Hall of Hearing Principles, Xu Yi was slightly shocked when he saw Zuo Mo but quickly recovered his composure. He smiled opening: “It’s a rare occasion for Shidi to come. Come come come, sit.”
Zuo Mo looked at Xu Yi Shixiong. The other was a person that he had admired very much when he had been an outer sect disciple. He had never thought that he could sit on equal ground with him now. The affairs of the world, it really was fickle. He couldn’t help but sigh.
“Zuo Mo has to thank Shixiong for guidance in the past.” He sincerely gave a bow.
Xu Yi blanked and then hurried to help Zuo Mo up: “Shidi doesn’t have to be so courteous. That was just my duty.”
After this exchange of words, both felt that they were much closer to each other.
“It’s rare for Shidi to come, have a taste of my tea.” Xu Yi’s hands twisted a set of tea equipment appeared in front of him. A yellow bamboo tea tray carved with two clouds. Simple and humble. On top was a purple clay teapot. The light flashed across the purple clay teapot, formations clearly were carved on it. Seven small cups like the seven stars of the Northern Dipper.
Xu Yi took out a square jade box. When it was opened, Zuo Mo felt a fragrance spread towards him. The box was half full with ling tea. The ling tea was as green and bright as jade, it was a branch with three leaves clustered at the end, tender and glistening.
Visit ligh/tnovelpub[/.]com for a better experience
“This is Fragrance Tea.” Xu Yi introduced: “Produced by the Ivy Aromatic Shop. It took a lot of effort to buy this.” Then he gave a smile: “I don’t have any other indulgences, just this one.”
Xu Yi Shixiong’s eyes were focused as his hands skillfully started to wash the pot and cups. When had Zuo Mo ever seen such things? His eyes widened, unblinking.
He saw Xu Yi Shixiong first take out a small amount of tea leaves to put into the purple clay pot, pour in cold spring water and then the thumb and index finger of the right hand gently pinched. A red flame floated in front of him. The movements of Shixiong’s long and white fingers were extremely gentle as he gently placed this red flame inside the purple clay pot.
Hiss splat, hiss splat!
Inside the purple clay pot, countless water droplets exploded. The spring water inside the pot became a ball of green mist yet not a drop spilled. Xu Yi Shixiong quickly lifted the teapot and a rush of green tea poured into the teacup.
Inside the teacup, the tea soup was green and enticing. A fragrance completely different than the one before wafted out.
“Drink quickly, the effect wouldn’t be as good if it’s cold.” Xu Yi Shixiong’s expression was solemn. He directly held up a cup and put it to his mouth.
Copying Shixiong, Zuo Mo also picked up a cup. Mimicking Shixiong whose expression was intoxicated as he sipped, he also took a drink!
Boom!
The most up-to-date novels are published on lightnovelpub/[.]com
It was impossible to describe the feeling that occurred the instant the tea soup touched the tongue. It was as though countless flavors had gathered and exploded at once inside the mouth. At the same time, Zuo Mo’s tears and snot streamed out.
Seeing Zuo Mo’s sorry state, Xu Yi almost choked on a sip of tea and then grinned widely.
Zuo Mo couldn’t care about Shixiong’s laughter. All of his attention was on pondering this strange feeling. A rush of coolness spread through his limbs, his body unspeakably light. All the pores seemed to have opened, so comfortable he could groan.
“This tea soup has dense ling energy. You just entered zhuji, this is good to stabilize your level.” Xu Yi reminded.
Hearing this, Zuo Mo hurriedly swallowed the remaining tea soup, got into lotus position and entered meditation.
Looking at Zuo Mo’s gulps, Xu Yi Shixiong only shook his head, seemingly dissatisfied with Zuo Mo wasting such a good thing. With a small mouthful after another, a face full of pleasure, he slowly drank.
When Zuo Mo woke up from mediation, he felt his body refreshed and unspeakably comfortable. He didn’t waste words and raised his hands to Xu Yi Shixiong: “Many thanks, Shixiong.”
Xu Yi Waved his hand: “Just invited Shidi to drink tea. Coming this time, Shidi must have a matter.”
Zuo Mo narrated how he had requested a spell for impressing a flying sword from his master. Hearing this, Xu Yi nodded: “I understand. I hadn’t thought that since Shidi had received the jade medal, you still want to cultivate the sword.”
The source of this content is lightnovel/pub[.]com
“I’m just playing around.” Zuo Mo hurriedly replied. After being cracked down by Master, he felt it was better not to say anything.
“Haha, a man wanting to improve the sword, it isn’t something embarrassing. Wielding a sword in the world, kill yao and exterminate mo, it is amazing! He he, Shixiong had been like this before, but later, found that my talents were average and hard to achieve anything so turned to learning forging.” Xu Yi first laughed at himself and then said seriously: “Since Shidi is interested in the sword, Shixiong has spent some more time in the sect so knows a bit more, and can chat about it with Shidi.”
When Zuo Mo heard “Kill yao and exterminate mo”, he couldn’t help but grimace bitterly inside. Thinking about the perverse renyao, he felt it was more likely that he would be killed and exterminated.
But he still said solemnly: “Thank you Shixiong.



Chapter 48: The Black Hearted Records Room
Reminder that li is the seal for fire. But I didn’t translate it because “fire fire seal formation” sounds a bit stupid, for one, and two, li is actually a specific symbol you can search up on google, three lines stack together (tri) and the middle one is broken.
Hello to all new readers and thanks to anyone who commented. I don’t bite so please keep commenting.
Chapter Forty Eight The Black Hearted Records Room
“Our sect is a sword sect, our strongest sword scripture is the [Void Sword Scripture] that our founder created. But our sect had gradually declined. This sword scripture that had been ranked sixth grade could not be learned by anyone in the sect. Somehow, after that, it was split into [Shapeless Sword Scripture] and [Empty Sword Scripture]. The one that Luo Li Shidi practices is [Empty Sword Scripture]. But these two scriptures that were split only reached third grade. Other than this, the other one of importance is Master’s [Ice Dragon Sword Scripture]. This sword scripture is a fourth grade sword scripture. In the hands of Master, it blossomed and managed to enter the ranks of fifth grade. In the past, it was with this sword scripture that Master had killed countless yaomo in Yao Hunt and received the title of Ice Dragon Sword.
As he talked about his master Xin Yan, Xu Yi wandered away in his thoughts.
A fourth grade sword scripture that was able to elevate into fifth grade, it was enough to show that Xin Yan Shishu’s abilities with [Ice Dragon Sword Scripture] didn’t just reach deeply, but that he had improved this sword scripture. No one who was able to do this was ordinary.
“Other than this, the ancestors of our sect were also skilled. [Cloud Sword Scripture], [Red Flame Sword Scripture], [Emerald Sword Scripture], they are all fourth grade. Haha, Shidi, don’t just think that our sect doesn’t have any reputation in Dong Fu. But in Dong Fu, other than Dong Fu Hall, only we have a sixth grade sword scripture. Even fourth grade scriptures, not just any sect in Dong Fu has one.
Zuo Mo’s eyes widened. He had never thought that the sect was so strong.
Xu Yi noticed Zuo Mo’s eyes and smiled: “Shidi, don’t think too optimistically. Sword Scriptures above fourth level, the sect wouldn’t easily pass it on to the disciples. What the sect leader and the shishu believe is better to have nothing than accept a shoddy choice. In the past, Luo Li Shidi was unparalleled in the second generation but even so, he was only passed on the third grade sword scripture [Empty Sword Scripture].”
Seeing the disappointment in Zuo Mo’s eyes, he comforted: “Shidi, don’t be too disappointed. There are very fine ones among the third grade sword scriptures. Like the [Empty Sword Scripture] that Luo Li Shidi learnt, and that [Shapeless Sword Scripture] that also came from [Void Sword Scripture], they are the extreme best among third grade sword sects. Shidi, you have to pay attention. They might all be third grade sword scriptures, but there are still differences.”
For more, visit l/igh/t/novelpub[.]com
Zuo Mo instantly raised his ears. It was too hard to pursue those good ones, but he shouldn’t pick the worst ones. He was very practical. The item less a bit, but the jingshi difference wouldn’t just be a bit.
“Usually, five elements sword scriptures are the worst. Shidi is a ling plant farmer and your understanding of the five elements definitely is deeper than mine. The five elements encompass millions of changes yet lose their purity. To cultivate the sword, what cannot be lost is purity. But the five elements birth and defeat each other, and are difficult to make pure. I had never heard of a five elements sword scripture that went above third grade. Shidi, don’t try to pick this kind of sword scripture. The other sword scriptures, they all have their attributes. Some are fierce and powerful, good for killing and battle, some are strange and unpredictable, good for ambushing, some nurture the mind and increase cultivation.”
“Nurture the mind? Aren’t sword scriptures primarily for killing? How can it nurture the mind?” Zuo Mo couldn’t help asking.
“Ha ha, cultivation is long and difficult. If there isn’t a strong and resolute heart, how can one achieve the path? To use the sword to nurture the heart, to harden the core. Many people practice this kind of sword scripture. Like me, I have [Heaven Heart Sword Scripture]. This kind of sword scripture, it doesn’t have much power but to nurture and fix the mind, it’s pretty good.” Xu Yi smiled as he explained.
“The sect records at River Sight Peak. You are an inner sect disciple now and can go in to read. But it requires contribution points each time. If Shidi has spare time, remember to earn more sect contribution points. In the future, you’ll need to use them.” Xu Yi emphasized.
Bidding farewell to Xu Yi Shixiong, Zuo Mo headed straight for River Sight Peak. There was a river below River Sight Peak, the mountain was steep and so the records room was built against the cliff. It wasn’t big, just a small compound. There were some thin bamboo stalks planted beside the walls, the outer wall slightly crumbling. Zuo Mo was somewhat disappointed. He had never been here before. This place was only open to inner sect disciples.
The person guarding the door was an old one. At the beginning, Zuo Mo fantasized that the other was some high master but he was quickly disappointed. This old man guarding the door only had a cultivation of lianqi ninth level. However, Zuo Mo didn’t dare to disrespect him. The common saying was good, the existing official wasn’t as good as the existing manager. Don’t just look at how bad the old man’s cultivation was but he guarded the records room. If he wanted to make trouble, it was a very easy thing to do.
Respectfully handing over his medal, the old man scanned it and lowered down his face, saying: “Two hours on the first level is two contribution points, two hours on the second floor is four contribution points. The jade scrolls in the first level can be copied. The second level is restricted from copying. Go in.” He threw the medal back to Zuo Mo.
So black!
This content is taken from li//ghtnov/elp/ub[.]com
Zuo Mo swore inside. The contribution points of inner sect disciples were not the same as outer sect disciples and they could not be converted. Zuo Mo only had in total ten contribution points. Five of them had been the reward the sect leader gave him for receiving the jade medal. The other five were from last time when he let Yan Le Shishu sell his plants.
Ten contribution points. It was enough for him to stay ten hours on the first floor and five on the second.
If it was copying a jade scroll, even the most basic would be two or so hours. And if it couldn’t be copied then it had to be memorized. That wasn’t something that could be accomplished in a few hours.
Now he understood why Xu Yi Shixiong reminded him to earn more contribution points. So the big cost was here! He was suddenly grateful that the dan-making records room of his Master didn’t require contribution points. Otherwise, he could only cry. Zuo Mo guessed that Xin Yan Shishu definitely would have a private forging records room. Otherwise, Xu Yi Shixiong would be in a terrible bind.
Time was tight, and didn’t allow Zuo Mo to think. He ran straight into the first floor.
He saw rows of jade scrolls, organized neatly. Zuo Mo couldn’t help twist his mouth. From what he saw, this was much worse than Master’s records room. A layer of dust had accumulated on the wooden boards. It looked like there usually weren’t many people. Even though it lacked care, but the arrangement of the jade scrolls was easy to follow.
There were all kinds of jade scrolls. Sword scriptures, five elements, cultivation scriptures, forging. These were the jade scrolls that the elders of the sect that searched and gathered over the generations. The grade of these jade scrolls weren’t high, didn’t have much practical value but it would have been a pity to throw them out so the sect had created a records room to support the inner sect members to study. This kind of jade scrolls were only useful to those who had just become an inner sect disciple. As they spent longer with their Master, the worth of these jade scrolls would decrease.
It had been a long time since Wu Kong Sword Sect had new inner sect disciples come in. After Li Ying Feng became an inner sect disciple, she spent each day with Yan Le Shishu taking care of all the different business. And after Wei Sheng Shixiong became an inner sect disciple, he received Xin Yan Shishu’s meticulous teachings and then entered the sword cave, therefore, he naturally didn’t come here.
So when Zuo Mo came in, he saw this dusty scene.
This content is taken from lightnovelpub[.]com
Even though there wasn’t high level spells but the roomful of jade scrolls still made Zuo Mo’s eyes turn dizzy and drool. Don’t just think that these jade scrolls weren’t important. If they were thrown onto the market, each one could be sold for a pretty good price. For lianqi disciples, each jade scroll would be a treasure.
Zuo Mo headed straight for the sword scriptures. It was also the largest topic on the first floor. Wu Kong Sword Sect was a sword sect, so naturally, it would put all possible effort into gathering sword scriptures. There were large numbers of second and third grade sword scriptures on the first floor. Naturally, they weren’t of high quality. After making a cursory examination, he quickly put them down. As expected, there was nothing really good. It wasn’t bad as a reference but for a primary method, it wasn’t really good.
Looking at the stars for the second floor, he hesitated a second and then decided to go up to see.
The second floor was slightly smaller and there was a dramatically smaller number of jade scroll. But the scene was very similar to Master’s records room. The jade scrolls were all floating in midair, each jade scroll surrounding by differently colored whirlpools.
Having had a similar experience, Zuo Mo naturally knew what to do.
He scanned through the jade scrolls about sword scriptures one by one. Even now, he still hadn’t decided what kind of sword scripture to cultivate. If it had been before, he might have chosen to be like Xu Yi Shixiong and practice something like [Sky Heart Sword Scripture]. This kind of sword scripture cultivated the resolve of the cultivator, something that was crucial. However, for him that was pursuing strength, finding those sword scriptures that had greater power was more realistic.
Undecided, Zuo Mo flipped and read through them one by one.
He had never seen so many jade scrolls at the same time. The jade scrolls from the second level, if it had been in the past, they would all have been treasures that he would have dreamed about. He couldn’t help but feel as though he was in a dream.
As expected, the sword scriptures that Xu Yi Shixiong had mentioned were all absent. The second floor were entirely third grade sword scriptures but were distinctively of higher quality than the jade scrolls downstairs. They should be the finest of the third grade.
Updated from lightn/ovelpub[.]com
There was a set of [Wind and Thunder Sword Scripture]. After cultivating it, one would float like the wind, power like thunder, the effectiveness shocking. Supposedly it had originally been a fifth grade sword scripture but after continuous loss over thousands of years, its power declined and it was demoted to third grade.
And another even stranger was [Autumn Rain Sword Scripture]. It required a set of one hundred and eight swords. The moves were like rain, extremely difficult to block. But just like [Wind and Thunder Sword Scripture], much of its contents had been lost, especially the method of making the swords. The power of each individual sword dropped dramatically and it entered an awkward state. But its manipulations were very exquisite so it was put on the second floor.
Each sword scripture had its unique strengths but similarly, they all had a great flaw.
Seeing that the jade scrolls he hadn’t read become less and less, Zuo Mo started to become panicked.
Was he unable to find an appropriate sword scripture for himself?
He completely forgot that time was flowing away. As the number of the jade scrolls decreased one by one, his heart started to sink to the bottom bit by bit.
At last, he was facing the last jade scroll.
[Li Water Sword Scripture]. Li Water, these two characters clearly connected to the five elements caused Zuo Mo’s heart to jump.
Xu Yi Shixiong’s words were by his hears. Shixiong had kept reminding him of the weak nature of five element sword scriptures.
The source of this content is light/novelpub[.]com
Zuo Mo, who had a rough understanding of the five elements, was very clear just how correct Shixiong was. The five elements had many transformations but it was hard to purify. If the sword essence was not pure, then the power would decrease.
Completely disheartened, Zuo Mo unconsciously read [Li Water Sword Scripture].
“Eh!” He suddenly found something and his mind roused itself. Just as he wanted to take a closer look, his eyes suddenly flashed and then he found himself standing in the yard.
“Time has ended. You have used all your contribution points.” The old man’s eyelids didn’t even raise as he gave a dismissal.
Zuo Mo wanted to cry.



Chapter 49: Purchase Order
Chapter Forty Nine Purchase Order
Spending ten contribution points but not a spell to show for it, Zuo Mo felt like a fool.
Enraged, Zuo Mo raised his head to look at the decrepit building before marching away without a second glance. Humph, when ye has contribution points, ye will lie down on the first floor, lie down on the second, sleep every day here! Zuo Mo didn’t feel good but was helpless. Very quickly, his brain turned to how to earn jingshi.
The contribution points of inner sect disciples were not easy to earn. Previously, when he had been an outer sect disciple, he had never been troubled by contribution points. But then he turned around his thinking. The contribution points of inner sect disciples were much more valuable than outer sect disciples. Before, no matter which jade scroll from the second level, he would treat it like a treasure. When would he be so picky?
There were many ways to earn contribution points. Just the ling grasses and herbs that Zuo Mo planted, and then if the sect sold them, they all would have contribution points. However, rules like the records room, Zuo Mo guessed, were common and there would be other places that would need to use contribution points. This question was very important and he needed to be clear.
He ran to the Hall of Hearing Principles and found Xu Yi Shixiong.
After hearing Zuo Mo’s words, Xu Yi Shixiong explained: “Shidi thought correctly. Contribution points are more useful than jingshi in the sect. Other than [Void Sword Scripture], all the other spells in the sect, including Master’s [Ice Dragon Sword Scripture], and the other fourth grade sword scriptures can all be exchanged using contribution points. Of course, the amount of contribution points needed is astonishing. Other than spells, some high quality items, like flying swords and talismans, can also be exchanged using contribution points. You can even use your contribution points to get my Master to teach you the sword or forging. I can also pay using contribution points to let Shi Shigu teach me dan-making. Basically, contribution points are omnipotent in the sect.
“Then how does Shixiong earn contribution points?” Zuo Mo asked.
“He he, I usually make some talismans for the sect for Yan Le Shishu to sell. Or I forge talismans for the other shidi in exchange for some contribution points. If Shidi needs some talisman in the future, come find me. My price is much lower than the sect.” Xu Yi didn’t give up a change to promote his own talismans and continued: “Like shidi, if you become skilled at ­dan-making in the future, it would be very fast to earn contribution points. For other people, Luo Li Shidi might only be zhuji but he has achieved [Empty Sword] and his attack power can compare to a cultivator in the initial stages of ningmai. Most of his time is spent in the mines guarding the xiu slaves. Underground is dark and uncomfortable, extremely dull. Other than Luo Li Shidi, no one is willing to go so the contribution point that the sect gives him is extremely high.”
When Xu Yi Shixiong mentioned Luo Li, Zuo Mo remembered something: “In the second floor of the records room, I didn’t see [Empty Sword Scripture] and [Shapeless Sword Scripture].”
Visit lightnovelpub[/.]com for a better experience
“He he, Shidi is in too much of a rush. These two sword scriptures, while they are third grade, but they are the finest among the third grade. It is also possible to find the shadow of [Void Sword Scripture] from those two. The sect naturally is very cautious. When Shidi has spent more time in the sect, naturally you will be able to exchange for it.”
Zuo Mo understood.
Leaving Xu Yi Shixiong’s place, Zuo Mo had a general idea of what he needed to do. It wasn’t easy receiving contribution points in the sect. It seemed that his only realistic method right now was relying on planting ling plants.
When he got to the entrance to the valley, he saw Li Ying Feng Shijie. He hurriedly greeted: “Why hasn’t Shijie gone in?”
“The jinzhi on Shidi’s valley is very heavy. Shijie doesn’t want to be too presumptuous.” Li Ying Feng joked.
Zuo Mo’s heart jumped. Due to the fact that there was a ling vein beneath the rock room, he was very cautious and had set down layers of jinzhi at the mouth of the valley. Looking at it now, it seemed very risky as it caught people’s attention.
He forced himself to calm, responding: “There are many ling grasses growing inside the valley. I’m afraid that some animals like rabbits and foxes would get it and damage the grasses. Then this little brother won’t even have the time to cry.”
“That’s true.” Li Ying Feng nodded: “If ling grasses are ruined by those little animals, they wouldn’t be worth anything. I actually have a jade scroll right now about jinzhi. I’ll sent it over to Shidi since you can use it.”
Zuo Mo was overjoyed and gave a deep bow: “Many thanks, Shijie!”
Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
“Shidi is too polite.” She replied: “You and I both came up from the outer sect. It’s rational for us to give mutual support.”
“Of course.” Zuo Mo agreed. Both of them were clever people. This conversation quickly set down their relationship as allies.
It might appear that everyone was good to him on the surface but inner sect disciples that came from outer sect disciples usually would be pushed aside by the other inner sect disciples. Not just Wu Kong Sword Sect, almost all sects were like this. There weren’t many second generation disciples in Wu Kong Sword Sect and most of them were outside. Other than Luo Li and Hao Min, Eldest Shixiong Qin Cheng, Eldest Shijie Gong Sun Qing and Third Shijie Xu Yi Xia were all not in the sect.
The battle over Eldest Shixiong between Wei Sheng and Qin Cheng was undoubtedly the focal point.
If nothing unexpected happened, it was almost set in stone that Wei Sheng would supplant Qin Cheng as Eldest Shixiong. But Qin Cheng was also a disciple of the sect leader, and after being Eldest Shixiong for this many years, he was well loved by the other second generation disciples.
Eldest Shijie Gong Sun Qing supposedly was engaged to a disciple in a certain large sect. She wouldn’t be spending too much time in the sect but her influence in the sect was the greatest among all second generation disciples. She could even influence the sect leader. This was probably due to her fiancé.
Third Shijie Xu Yi Xia was deeply loved by all the shishu. Yan Le Shishu had meant for her to take over his work. However, her personality was lively and carefree, uninterested in business.
Zuo Mo sighed ruefully. No place was spared from conflict. Many times, it wasn’t a question of whether you fought or not. He and Li Ying Feng weren’t unfamiliar with these matters. The outer sect disciples fought even more viciously, the little groups as plentiful as trees in a forest. Both of them were experienced. Zuo Mo had went from being bullied by all at the beginning to the end where everyone flattered him. From an outsider perspective, his experiences went deep. And Li Ying Feng, to become the top dog of the Eastern Peak female disciples, there were no doubts to her abilities.
Zuo Mo saw it very clearly. Wei Sheng Shixiong might be the leader of the three of them but on these matters, Shixiong wouldn’t pay attention. Other than the sword, Shixiong was indifferent and unconcerned with other matters. Zuo Mo was certain that Shixiong would be happy not to be Eldest Shixiong. That way, he could concentrate on cultivation.
Updated from lightnovelpub/[//.]com
Shixiong might not have to consider these things, but he couldn’t not consider. Shixiong’s talents and power was displayed there. Even Qin Cheng would treat Shixiong with the utmost respect. But Li Ying Feng and his circumstances would be much trickier. There was a large difference between good and bad.
Li Ying Feng was also very satisfied with the tacit understanding between the two of them and thought inside, this Zuo Mo Shidi’s appearance might be frightening, but he had a clever heart. A clever companion was much better than a stupid one.
Some things only need to be touched upon. She changed the topic: “Coming this time, it’s to deliver jingshi to Shidi.”
This was undoubtedly the words that Zuo Mo liked to hear the most. He instantly became alert: “Oh, how much?”
“This is seventy six second grade jingshi. That’s after taking away the down payment.” Li Ying Feng handed Zuo Mo a jade scroll: “This has the detailed accounts. Shidi can take it back for a look.”
Zuo Mo took the jade scroll, his happiness unrivalled. The profit this time far surpassed his expectations.
Suddenly remembering a matter, Li Ying Feng asked: “Does Shidi still have some of the Great Strength Pill?”
Great Strength Pill…….
If LI Ying Feng hadn’t mentioned it, Zuo Mo had almost forgotten that lingdan.
The most up-to-date novels are published on lig/htnov/e/lpub[/.]com
“Last time, a cultivator had brought it. Two days ago, he came asking if there was any more. He wants to by another ten. Each one twenty pieces of second grade jingshi.” Li Ying Feng said.
Ten pills! Each one twenty pieces of second grade jingshi. In total, two hundred pieces of second grade jingshi . That was, two third grade jingshi !
Zuo Mo seemed to see countless jingshi flying towards him. This was the biggest order he had received up until now. Two pieces of third grade jingshi! The raw materials for Great Strength Pill were only three pieces of second grade jingshi. With twenty pieces of second grade jingshi as the sale price, the profit from one pellet reached seventeen pieces of second grade jingshi. No wonder his heart was beating so frantically.
His only worry right now was the success rate. He had accidentally made Great Strength Pill. He wasn’t certain that he could successfully make it.
“I’ll try first.” He was still very cautious.
“En, okay. If Shidi gets results, tell me anytime.” Finishing, Li Ying Feng left.
Seeing Shijie leave, Zuo Mo instantly rushed into the valley, flipped onto the grey beaked goose to rush for Fragrant Ginger Yard. One pill was twenty pieces of second grade jingshi! This was almost half of his income every year in the past.
Entering Fragrant Ginger Yard, he brought a pile of materials to make the Great Strength Pill from Xu Qing Shijie, and then burrowed into the dan room.
Nothing would make him more enthusiastic than jingshi.
Follow current novels on lightnov/elpub[.]com
He didn’t start the process immediately but sat down first and thought back to every action that occurred last time. When his emotions had calmed down, he then folded his legs to enter meditation and started [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation].
Four hours later, he woke up from meditation. The face was frozen like it was dead, but the eyes were clear and serene.
Zuo Mo’s mind was peaceful, completely absent of the glee he had before. His consciousness, mind and ling energy were all at their best. Putting the raw materials for Great Strength Pill into the cauldron, Zuo Mo’s hands touched the eight trigrams plate and his consciousness silently spread out.
Adding in ling energy, the li fire seal formation on the dan-making cauldron suddenly started, the ling energy inside the cauldron twisting and turning.
In the middle of the process, Zuo Mo’s spell changed and [Art of Crimson Flame] was cast at full force.
A gold line dropped into his hands from the sky. Then its direction was deflected and it entered the cauldron.
Up until now, nothing was different compared to last time. Zuo Mo’s heart relaxed slightly. Just before, when he had thought back to every action in great detail but last time, it had basically been an accident that had created this strange lingdan. He was muddled about many places and didn’t remember clearly.
Suddenly, his heart jumped and he cried misfortune. The ling energy inside the cauldron was vibrating abnormally.
As expected, a sharp and burnt smell spread through the dan room.
New novel chapters are published on lightnovel/pub[.]com
Zuo Mo had made enough mental preparations. It wasn’t too difficult to accidentally make a new kind of lingdan. What that needed was luck. But to actually grasp the method for making the ling dan, that was knowledge. Anything that required study, it had to be built from the ground up, there were no tricks.
He knew the general idea, the basic steps, and the raw materials. There was also enough profit. Was there anything other than this that was more appropriate for a greenhorn like Zuo Mo?
As to the difficulties involved, Zuo Mo wasn’t afraid.
In this world, was there something good that would earn jingshi without any difficulty?



Chapter 50: Finding The Way
Chapter Fifty – Finding The Way
After three continuous failures, Zuo Mo had to stop experimenting.
Even though he had sufficient wealth at this point, but it wasn’t enough for him to squander it. He had to plan it out and spend wisely. Three continuous failures. That meant there was a crucial step that he had missed.
He entered into deep thought.
What he didn’t know was that the difficulty of this matter far surpassed the limits of what he could cope with. He had swallowed down some records, but in the area of dan-making, he was the newest of the new, his experience was almost zero. Going through speculations to find the basic changes in a certain part of the dan-making process, many cultivators that were far more experiences may not be able to do it.
But no one had told Zuo Mo this point.
If Zuo Mo knew this, he most likely would have thrown the matter to the side. Why was he making Great Strength Pill? It was for jingshi. If it was too difficult, the risk too high, it wasn’t profitable. Then he should go to find a more realistic method. He wasn’t afraid of difficulty, he was afraid that his ignorance and those questions that were far out of his level would be tangled together. In Zuo Mo’s eyes, that was an unprofitable business.
But Zuo Mo hadn’t realized that the problem he was facing was out of his range. He twisted his brain as he thought in the dan room.
In the Sword Cave, not even the fingers on a hand could be made out. The rock underneath the feet was ice-cold, the blood river not far away roiled relentlessly. Wei Sheng panted heavily and couldn’t persevere any longer, falling to the ground to enter mediation.
The exhaustion between his brows were unable to be disguised. He made a sorry figure, half naked, about ten or so scars criss-crossing, alarming to the eye. On his lower half, there was only a short length of pants. He quickly entered mediation, almost immediately after sitting down. In meditation, Wei Sheng’s spine was as straight as a sword, a few hints of dignity and imposingness faintly appearing through his serene appearance.
This content is taken from lightnovelpub[.]com
Time slipped away yet he remained motionless.
A black shadow quietly neared Wei Sheng. In mediation, Wei Sheng did not detect it. Suddenly, the black shadow leapt at Wei Sheng!
In mediation, Wei Sheng unexpectedly opened his eyes. With an unknown move, a green sword energy flashed in the dark and the shadow was split in half.
Squeak!
The scream the black shadow gave was dissonant as it turned into black smoke and disappeared without a trace.
Wei Sheng stood up from the cold rock ground, his face unaffected. In his eyes were an eternal resolve. Barely visible was sword essence roiling behind. In the silence and darkness, he raised his bare foot, following the blood river, as he slowly and steadily headed deeper.
In a place extremely far away from Tian Yue Jie.
“Stars in daytime… …”
“Yes. This matter has alarmed many people. There are already many that are rushing to investigate in Tian Yue Jie. Some people say that stars in daytime is a great treasure appearing!”
New novel chapters are published on lightno/velpub[.]com
“Great treasure appearing?” The person who spoke had heavy disdain,“People die for wealth, bird die for food. This rationale is unchanging.”
“Then we……”
“Send someone! Pay attention to this matter!” The person who spoke gave an unquestionable order.
“Yes.”
In the Fragrant Ginger Yard of Wu Kong Mountains, seeing Shi Feng Rong come out of the dan room, Xu Qing hurriedly followed. She could become the first seat of the outer sect disciples of Fragrant Ginger yard, one point was she was obedient and could listen, and she was reliable at her job. The other important reason was that she could tolerate Shi Feng Rong’s strange temper.
Shi Feng Rong looked at the surroundings and furrowed her brows,“Where’s your Shixiong?”
Xu Qing hurried responded,“After Shixiong entered the dan room a few days ago, he hasn’t come out.”
“Dan room? What dan is he making?” Shi Feng Rong’s brow smoothed as she asked casually. It seemed that Zuo Mo was really focused on dan-making. She was very satisfied.
“It’s probably fasting pills. Shixiong had bought some materials for fasting pills from me a few days ago.” Xu Qing answered. She had been at Fragrant Ginger Yard for a long time and her experience in the area of dan was much deeper than Zuo Mo.
The source of this content is lightnovelpub[.]com
“Fasting pills!” Shi Feng Rong’s brows furrowed again as she said discontent, “Why is he still making fasting pills now? How can he improve that way?” Fasting pills were the most basic dan. It couldn’t even be considered a lingdan. As a zhuji cultivator, it was a very comical thing to spend effort on that.
Xu Qing’s heart jumped and she regretted what she had just said. If Shixiong was punished by Shishu because of what she said, it would be bad for her.
As she spoke, Shi Feng Rong moved in front of the door to Zuo Mo’s dan room. Without knocking, she pushed open the door.
Once the door was open, a thick and choking burning smell rushed out. Shi Feng Rong’s expression became even uglier. Failure at making fasting pills? Was it that the five fasting pills last time had been brought to deceive her? Her expression became dark.
Zuo Mo was like a puppet, blankly sitting on the ground. He didn’t even notice Shi Feng Rong and Xu Qing entering.
She Feng Rong noticed that Zuo Mo’s empty eyes were full of blood and the rage inside slightly decreased. She could see that Zuo Mo was deep in thought. Suppressing the fire inside, she didn’t disturb Zuo Mo, walking straight to the waste piled beside the cauldron. It really was the materials for fasting pills. She was sure after one look. The rage inside instantly shot up again. She decided that later she would have Zuo Mo make one in front of her.
Her gaze was just going to move away from the waste when it suddenly stopped. She bent down and started to flip through the waste, and occasionally took up a bit to examine carefully.
Xu Qing was so envious. She sighed. Inner sect disciples were really inner sect disciples. She had spent so many years at Fragrant Ginger Yard, but had never seen Shishu been this concerned for another disciple.
Zuo Mo only managed to wake up at this time. Seeing that two more people were in his dan room, the fire that had formed due to his struggles shot up. It was common knowledge that the dan room wasn’t a place that others were allowed to enter, especially when making dan. That could easily cause the dan to fail.
This content is taken from ligh/tnovelpub[./]com
But when he saw who the person was, the curses that had reached his mouth instantly shrunk back into his stomach.
Danger!
It’s a catastrophe… …
He hurriedly stood up and respectfully gave a bow to Shi Feng Rong: “Master.”
“You are making that lingdan from last time?” Shi Feng Rong’s head didn’t even rise as she unconcernedly crouched by the waste.
“Yes.” Zuo Mo obediently answered: “But I haven’t succeed once yet.”
Shi Feng Rong threw away the waste in her hands and stood up, the expression on her face cold: “When you don’t know how to walk, you want to run?”
Hearing this, Zuo Mo sweated, and said: “Please, Master, give me guidance.”
“In the path of dan-making, the amount of ways to change the recipes involved, there are too many that cannot be passed on through just words. You should first follow the records. form a good foundation before considering these matters.” Finishing, Shi Feng Rong left with a cold face.
For more, visit light/novelpub/[.]c/om
Returning to the Little West Wind Yard, Zuo Mo was extremely disheartened. He had thought that he had a method for earning lots of jingshi but it was really just a mirage, unable to be touched. In the next few days, Zuo Mo was somewhat dispirited. There were no jingshi that could be earned, no contribution points that could be earned, no sword scriptures that could be practiced. With no other choice, Zuo Mo could only practice [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation].
Sitting above the ling vein in the rock room, Zuo Mo woke up from meditation. [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] which had always progressed rapidly had started to slow down recently. This was the first time that Zuo Mo had encountered something like this after breaking through one breath. Was he going to break through two breath?
According to the records in [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation], after one breath was two breath. If one could achieve two breath, not only would the entire body’s points be able to breathe but at that time, his presence could be restrained. Many people that had higher cultivations wouldn’t be able to detect it.
This spell was much better than those concealing spells recorded in Elder Wei Nan’s jade sticks.
Thinking about that, Zuo Mo suddenly remembered that Elder Wei Nan had made dan and was a ling plant farmer. Would he have met similar problems? Once the idea was seeded, he hurriedly took out the jade sticks and looked carefully.
As expected, he quickly made a discovery.
In Elder Wei Nan’s dan-making experiences, Zuo Mo found a similar method. But what Elder Wei Nan used wasn’t a fire method, but a rarely found water method.
There were many methods to make lingdan and they all couldn’t be counted. The most mainstream one right now was naturally using a cauldron, which was the fire method. The core of the fire method was using the power of the fire to stimulate the ling energy in the materials. Then the ling energy of different attributes would be merged together to form a lingdan. However, many ling herbs and grasses were of the yin attribute, like those ling grasses grown in water. If fire was used, it would ruin their effects. At this time, it required a different method such as the water method. Other than water and fire, there were still countless other methods of dan making.
Water was warm and gentle, far from the fierceness and power of fire. So most water methods required a longer time to form dan. The path it walked was nurturing the dan.
Updated from lig/htnovelpub[./]com
Only now did Zuo Mo know that the cold spring in the rock room had such a purpose. Before, he had completely dismissed the ling spring. He had wondered why Elder Wei Nan had made a spring in the rock room since after cultivators reached zhuji, they almost didn’t need to consume anything.
The jade stick recorded a method that Elder Wei Nan used with [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] to make [Moisture Dan]. [Moisture Dan] was a kind of dan that couldn’t enter the grade. It’s use was even more frivolous. It could change a person’s appearance and skin but it was only effective for cultivators with lianqi third level or below.
This kind of dan that Zuo Mo felt had no use at all, after Elder Wei Nan used [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] to make it, it entered the rank of first grade. Its effectiveness had greatly improved. It could improve the features of cultivators that did not go above zhuji. According to what the jade stick said, this became one of the important ways Elder Wei Nan made wealth. But due to the fact the time used in the water method, Elder Wei Nan only used this method for a period of time before switching to a different method.
Different from Zuo Mo’s accident, Elder Wei Nan’s investigations were extremely thorough and were recorded very clearly.
Elder Wei Nan though that the reason that those two could combine was due mostly to water. [Little Art of Cloud and Rain] was the classic water element spell. It was naturally constructive when paired with the water method. There were also large amounts of records on his analysis of the reasons he failed.
Zuo Mo pondered each character as he kept on reading, his thoughts becoming clearer. No wonder he could make Great Strength Pill. [Art of Crimson Flame] belonged to fire, and the method the fasting pill used was the fire method. Using [Art of Crimson Flame] to collect the essence of the sun into the fasting pill, that became the Great Strength Pill.
There was only one crucial point.
– Fire!



Chapter 51: Attack
Chapter Fifty One – Attack
Fire!
The essence of [Art of Crimson Flame] was fire, and inside the cauldron was the Li Fire seal formation. This was the reason that Zuo Mo could make Great Strength Pill. However, what [Art of Crimson Flame] condensed was essence of the sun and unfortunately the fire that the Li fire seal formation inside the cauldron provided was too low grade. Originally in the process, the Li fire seal formation should have been the primary flame and the essence of the sun that [Art of Crimson Fire] concentrated should have been the auxiliary. Right now, the sun essence was stronger than the Li Fire seal formation, so naturally problems would occur.
He recognized where the problem was, Zuo Mo instantly had several ideas on how to solve it. The most feasible method was to lessen the sun essence concentrated by [Art of Crimson Flame], the least feasible was changing the cauldron to a cauldron with a much higher grade Li Fire seal formation. And the boldest method was to change the relationship between primary and auxiliary, to have [Art of Crimson Flame] as primary, Li Fire seal formation as auxiliary.
Zuo Mo chose the first option. He felt the possibility of success with the first one the highest.
After thinking it through, he started to prepare.
What he needed to do first was to be able to precisely control [Art of Crimson Flame]. Before this, he had never thought about accurately controlling [Art of Crimson Flame]. For Zuo Mo, if the sun essence concentrated by [Art of Crimson Flame] was used on the ling plants, naturally, the more the better. In reality, it also seemed so. Zuo Mo had never found a situation where [Art of Crimson Flame] was overused. Why would he have thought about how to precisely control [Art of Crimson Flame]?
For him, this was a new experience.
Thankfully, compared to the other spells, the five basic spells of a ling plant farmer were his most familiar ones. In a short period of time, he grasped the basics of condensing essence of the sun.
But when Zuo Mo once again tried to buy the raw materials of fasting pills from Xu Qing, Xu Qing’s eyes as they stared at him were slightly weird. Buying a large pile of fasting pill ingredients, Zuo Mo secluded himself in the dan room and started his new experiment.
For more, visit /lightnove/lp/ub[.]com
Failure!
Still failure!
Failure!
……
……
Zuo Mo wasn’t panicked because of his failures, instead he was very steady and calm. He could feel that he was getting closer to success! This feeling was so strong that quite a few times, he had assumed he would succeed next time.
The ninth time!
Even as the last step was completed, there was no burning smell! Zuo Mo’s heart beat quickened, he swallowed his saliva and nervously opened the cauldron.
A fasting pill with glimmers of gold quietly laid at the bottom of the cauldron.
This content is taken from lightnov/elpu/b[.]com
There wasn’t any cheering or jumping. Zuo Mo’s face was expressionless, he stared dumbly as he muttered, “Ge can finally become rich!”
Finishing, his eyes turned dark and with a bang, he fell onto the floor in a dead sleep.
So tiring!
In Wu Kong Hall, Pei Yuan Ran’s face was ashen as he looked at the two kneeling below.
Luo Li and Hao Min were frightened.
Seated above, Shi Feng Rong’s expression was full of angeragain. She had always put great importance on the medicinal fields of Cold Mist Valley which was why she had given them over for Hao Min to care for. She hadn’t thought that Hao Min would so seriously neglect her duty. The expression on Yan Le and Xin Yan’s faces weren’t much better. Wu Kong Sword Sect might only be a small sect but their rules had always been strict.
It wasn’t alarming that the others had left but both had duties yet they had sneaked out to travel for such a long time so they were certainly going to get heavily punished.
Zuo Mo woke up and found that he was still in the dan room. He hurried climbed up and looked at the Great Strength Pill he had made before releasing a breath. So he hadn’t been dreaming.
He was too lazy to go back to the rock room. He decided to sit in the dan room and meditate to recover ling energy.
Visit lightnovelpub[.]com for a better experience
When his ling energy had recovered, he started to make great strength pill again. He didn’t know if it was that he had failed too many times before but the next attempts, he didn’t fail once.
Feeling slightly tired, Zuo Mo stood up. After searching for methods for a few days, his body and heart were really very tired and needed rest. Meditation could recover ling energy but could not substitute for rest.
Pushing open the door to leave the dan room, the sunlight stabbed Zuo Mo’s eyes. He raised a hand to cover them.
However, the feeling of the sun landing on his body was really good. Successfully making a dan, Zuo Mo’s mood was very good. Suddenly, he saw the person walking towards him and blanked. Wasn’t that Hao Min Shijie?
She and Luo Li Shixiong had returned?
Thoughts swirled in Zuo Mo’s brain and he decided to give a greeting, “Hao Min Shi……”
Only when he walked closer did he find it was not good. Hao Min’s eyes were red, clearly having cried.
Just having been scolded, Hao Min saw Zuo Mo and suddenly remembered that Cold Mist Valley had been given to this zombie face to care for. When she suddenly thought of the scolding and sternness of the sect leader and Master, her anger rose. It had to be this guy who did it. Otherwise, how would Master have known about Cold Mist Valley? Once the idea emerged, she felt that this zombie face was hateful and resentment rose.
An outer sect disciples dared to trick this lady?
For more, visit l/ightnovelpub[.]com
Her brow raised, without a word, she raised her hand, heading for Zuo Mo’s face?
Zuo Mo, who had remained alert, reacted very quickly and grabbed Hao Min’s wrist, asking in a deep voice, “Shijie, what are you doing?”
The anger in Zuo Mo’s heart rose up as well. Before, he wouldn’t have any choice when he encountered something like this but now, the two of them were on equal ground. He wouldn’t act first, but he didn’t have to swallow and bear it.
“You dare!” Hao Min ground her teeth, extremely enraged,“Even a trash like you dare to offend me!” Before her words landed, her free left hand headed for Zuo Mo’s face, not giving Zuo Mo the chance to speak.
Zuo Mo’s pupils suddenly shrank, his eyes becoming frigid. The right hand that had practiced countless finger movements was extremely fast and nimble. Before Hao Min’s hand could reach Zuo Mo’s face, she suddenly felt her eyes blur and pah, a slap landed on her face!
Hao Min blanked after the slap. Her face was burning in pain. She looked in disbelief at Zuo Mo.
Xu Qing, who had coincidentally just left the yard saw this scene and almost screamed out in shock. Her reaction was very quick as she used her hands to cover her mouth.
Zuo Mo looked coldly at Hao Min, his voice frigid, “Has Shijie woken up?”
Giving a penetrating look at Hao Min, he released Hao Min’s wrist and took a step back. For some reason, when Hao Min met Zuo Mo’s gaze, it was like she was completely frozen, her body cold. She shuddered all over, her face going green and red. Terror, embarrassment, anger, it was all mixed together. She actually forgot to speak.
Follow current novels on li/ghtnov/e/lpub[.]com
“Oh, right. Shijie just returned and might not know the latest news.” Zuo Mo, who had turned around, stopped and said coldly, “This little brother was lucky and was taken into the inner sect, and I am now under Master to learn dan-making.”
He turned around his zombie face, showing off two rows of eerie white teeth, “Shijie, please take care of me.”
Xu Qing stared with wide eyes as Zuo Mo left. The blow the scene gave her was too big. Before Zuo Mo, Hao Ming was the only inner sect disciples in Fragrant Ginger Yard, she had been arrogant and despotic to the extreme. Everyone had feared her. For some reason, when Xu Qing saw the five fingered hand-print on Hao Min’s face, she felt unspeakably exhilarated!
Glancing at Hao Min who was still dazedly standing in her original spot, Xu Qing decided to quietly leave. If Hao Min Shijie knew that she had seen this incident, then she would be in a miserable situation.
Retreating, Xu Qing still felt some disbelief. Awe for Zuo Mo formed. Zuo Shixiong who had been so agreeable usually actually had a time when he was this scary!
Zuo Mo walked out of Fragrant Ginger Yard, his hand imperceptibly trembling.
His heart was full of terror. It wasn’t terror due to Hao Min but terror of himself! Just then, in his anger, there seemed to have been a voice saying to him, “Kill her! Kill her!” That impulse was so strong and clear, so strong that what he had given wasn’t a slap but sword energy!
At what time had he become so ruthless? This discovery made him very nervous.
In the stories, all the yaomo were terrible and evil, villains who killed like it was their life! Was the cause practicing [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] causing his personality had been secretly influenced? Or was it Pu Yao that was behind it?
For more, visit light/novelpub[.]com
He stopped, closed his eyes and took a deep breath before exhaling. All the negative emotions seemed to have been vented out in this breath. When he opened his eyes, his gaze resumed its clarity, his hands resumed steadiness.
It was probably that he was too tired this little while.
Zuo Mo hadn’t practiced [Embryonic Breathing Spiritual Cultivation] for a short period of time. This had never happened before. As to Pu Yao, the guy was a perverse one but he was definitely a cautious perverse. He would never actively stir up trouble. Zuo Mo found that Pu Yao was still extremely wary of his elders, especially Xin Yan Shishu.
Returning to Little West Wind Yard, Zuo Mo decided to not think at all and rest for a time. He put himself on the guard, reminding himself to be careful and attentive.
For a whole day, he did nothing except sleep.
He was woken up by the pink paper crane.
“Ye, heard that there were stars appearing during the day? Was it fun?” It was still the graceful writing that Zuo Mo was familiar with.
“Never heard of it.” Zuo Mo answered confidently. Stars appearing during the day, how was it possible? In any case, he was certain that he had never seen such an abnormal thing.
“Ah, but the news I heard was really like that. Ye has to be careful. Stars appearing during the day is an ill omen. It’s possibly yaomo.”
New novel chapters are published on l/ightnovelpub/[.]com
Zuo Mo’s heart jumped. Yaomo!
“Such a familiar smell.” Pu Yao had crept up beside Zuo Mo. He stared at the pink paper in Zuo Mo’s hands and then smiled, “So it’s that little girl.”
Zuo Mo felt that Pu Yao’s smile was very cold.
“You recognize her?” He asked carefully.
“Recognize?” Pu Yao’s bloody right eye narrowed into a line as he smiled happily, “Of course I recognize her.” His gaze landed on the paper in Zuo Mo’s hands and snickered, “Yaomo? This little girl is interesting, I like her.”
Leaving behind a stream of meaningful laughter, Pu Yao disappeared, leaving behind Zuo Mo with a head full of confusion.
Zuo Mo really didn’t have good feelings towards the owner of this paper crane. Any thing, once it was forced, the feeling would be very bad. Chatting was also the same. However, it really had been him that brought it upon himself. Zuo Mo could do nothing about it. His own actions, he had to take responsibility!
In the following days, after Zuo Mo felt he had rested enough, he returned back to his glorious mission of earning jingshi. In one go, he made twenty Great Strength Pills, and gave them all to Li Ying Feng.
Li Ying Feng also gave the jinzhi jade stick that she had mentioned last time to him and reminded him that his conflict with Hao Min had spread through the entire sect and he should be careful.
Visit lightn/ovelpub[.]/c/om for a better experience
When Zuo Mo heard this, he knew it was going to be bad. But he quickly composed himself after some thought. This kind of thing, dodging it wasn’t effective.
But when he returned to the mouth of West Wing Valley, he saw the ruins of the jinzhi and the arrogantly standing Luo Li Shixiong.
Zuo Mo stopped in his steps.



Chapter 52: All In!
The fight will come, but Zuo Mo needs to prepare.
Edit: Thanks Cactuar0 for correcting the typos
Chapter Fifty Two All In!
“I hadn’t thought that even you could become an inner sect disciple.” Luo Li’s face was expressionless, his voice cold.
Zuo Mo looked inside the valley and he was slightly relieved. Luo Li had only tore down the jinzhi at the mouth but didn’t go in. He clearly came prepared. Luo Li might be doted upon by all the elders but he didn’t dare to act too brashly. If the ling grasses and herbs inside the valley were damaged, the elders in the sect wouldn’t let him off.
Machinations in the shadows, Zuo Mo was clear the other didn’t dare use them on him. The kind of identity that a ling plant farmer had, it meant that he would receive the sect’s protection. What the other could use was an open and public attack.
Looking at the mess and the completely ruined jinzhi, even though Zuo Mo knew the other was just venting, but his anger still rose. The other had definitely come because of Hao Min Shijie. Zuo Mo wasn’t scared. He had reason on his side. Even if it got brought up to the sect leader, no one would say that he was wrong.
Zuo Mo controlled the anger, his voice mocking, “Shixiong’s sword is so sharp. A pity to waste these flowers and grasses.”
Luo Li looked coldly at Zuo Mo, his eyes filled with disdain and contempt, “Whether my sword is sharp or not, you will know. You dare to touch my woman.”
“Oh.” Zuo Mo brushed it off. He looked at his right hand and said unconcernedly, “So what if I touched her?”
Follow current novels on ligh/tnov//elpub[/.]com
If there hadn’t been the previous incident with Hao Min, these two were people that he would have tried to curry favor with. But since it had proceeded to this step, both sides like water and fire, there was no possibility of peace. Zuo Mo’s stubbornness came out. Rather than be bullied, he would rather rebel. Even if it might end terribly for him, he wouldn’t let the other off easily. If he didn’t have some viciousness, with his origins as an outer sect disciple, he would be greatly bullied in the future.
Luo Li’s pupils shrunk, the indifferent expression on his face finally changing, “Three months, the assessment of the sect, I’ll wait for you.”
“You said wait, so you’ll wait?” Zuo Mo smiled coldly, and gasped, “Shixiong’s face is so big!”
Luo Li’s expression twisted. His eyes sprouted fire as he looked at Zuo Mo. He barely managed to control himself and snorted angrily, “Hm, let’s see if your mouth is still that hard then!” Finishing, he flew off.
“Who does he think he is?” Zuo Mo snorted coldly. He turned to walk inside the valley. Everything in the valley was undisturbed. Luo Li basically didn’t come in. Luo Li might be arrogant but he wasn’t dumb. He controlled his behaviour. Ruining the jinzhi of West Wind Valley but not touching the ling grasses in the valley, the elders of the sect would let it go.
They forbid fighting in the sect. Every sect would have this kind of rules. But fighting inside the sect would always happen. There were many reasons but one of the most important ones was undoubtedly the implicit permission of the elders in the sect. What a sect was afraid of was not having a competitive environment. The occasional skirmish was more beneficial than harmful in the eyes of elders. In most cases, they held a permissive attitude.
But Zuo Mo felt that these things didn’t have too much to do with him. He didn’t believe that Luo Li would dare come into West Wind Valley. His West Wind Valley was one of the important areas of the sect, possibly even more important than Cold Mist Valley.
Just like normal, he continued to make dan, right up until Li Ying Feng Shijie came.
“What?” Zuo Mo cried out, “What kind of rule is that?”
The source of this content is lightnovelpub[.]/com
Li Ying Feng explained, “It’s really like this. Supposedly, because the sect forbid the disciples from fighting so they made the sect assessment the place for resolving conflicts. He can challenge you at that time and you must take it up. If you don’t, you have to give the other fifty contribution points.”
“But I am a ling plant farmer! I, a ling plant farmer, do you want me to grab a flying sword and start fighting with him?” Zuo Mo was indignant.
“You can ask someone.” Li Ying Feng was also helpless, “That doesn’t break the rules. Production cultivators like you can use the dan you make or what you’ve planted to hire others. But you can only ask the other shixiong in the sect, not anyone from other sects.”
“The other shixiong in the sect? Wei Sheng Shixiong hasn’t come out, who else can I invite?” Zuo Mo felt that he was going crazy. The only person in the sect that could win over Luo Li was Wei Sheng Shixiong. But Wei Sheng Shixiong was in the Sword Cave and won’t be coming out soon.
“The rules are like this.” Li Ying Feng suggested, “You could go buy some powerful talismans.”
Zuo Mo felt that he was going to faint. Buy talismans? He was so poor he only had the dregs. Buying talismans! Only now did Zuo Mo understand what Luo Li had meant in his last word that day. His mood instantly became terrible.
Damn it! It was going to be big trouble!
Facing Luo Li outside the valley, he wasn’t afraid because he had been confident that Luo Li didn’t dare to do anything to him. When he knew that the inner sect had this rule, he instantly blanked. Things like sword energy, it was fine to use to frighten people. Facing Luo Li who practiced [Empty Sword], he, someone who didn’t even have a sword scripture, wouldn’t even know how he died.
The elders in the sect, of course, wouldn’t let Luo Li really injure him, but humiliation wouldn’t be avoided. Fifty contribution points, that was a very large amount of wealth. If he sold himself, he wouldn’t get fifty contribution points. Thinking about it, Zuo Mo became even more depressed.
The source of this content is light/nove/lpub[.]com
Li Ying Feng looked in sympathy at Zuo Mo. She wanted to help but had no way. She could only take the Great Strength Pills that Zuo Mo had prepared and left.
The news that Luo Li had sent out a challenge to Zuo Mo was instantly spread to everyone in the sect. These days when Hao Min saw Zuo Mo, she instantly became high and mighty. Zuo Mo wanted to slap her again. The gazes of everyone else when they saw Zuo Mo was extremely strange. Of course, there wasn’t a lack of others who were laughing at Zuo Mo. No one thought that Zuo Mo was going to have a good outcome.
“I heard that your Luo Li Shixiong sent a challenge to you?” Shi Feng Rong calmly asked Zuo Mo.
Even Master knew……
Zuo Mo could only reply, “Yes.”
“En. The matter between you and your Hao Min Shijie, I won’t interfere.” Shi Feng Rong said coldly, “But the assessment in the sect, I don’t care what method you use, but you will not lose. If you lose, hmm……”
The implication in the last sound made Zuo Mo’s already withered heart dry up like a flower petal and scatter to the ground.
“This disciple is only a ling plant farmer……” Zuo Mo couldn’t help reminding Master.
“So what if you are a ling plant farmer?” Shi Feng Rong’s voice went up, her eyes resolute, “My disciple cannot lose!”
For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com
“But……”
“I don’t care what method you use.” Shi Feng Rong impatiently interrupted Zuo Mo.
Zuo Mo’s heart turned and he said, “Master is so confident in this disciple, this disciple naturally doesn’t want to fail. This disciple has nothing to request except to pick a sword scripture from the records room.” Since Master wanted him not to lose, than it would be dumb if he didn’t ask for a bit of help. He thought of the [Li Water Sword Scripture] in the records room.
“It’s too late for you to start practicing the sword now.” Shi Feng Rong furrowed her brow.
“This disciple only has this one request.” Zuo Mo saw that it might be possible and his heart lightened as he hurried responded.
“If that’s the case, I can agree.” She looked at Zuo Mo and her voice was stern as she said, “But if you lose, I won’t let you off lightly.”
“Yes.” Zuo Mo resolutely promised.
“Take this tile. You can pick a sword scripture from the records room.” Shi Feng Rong’s expression was icy as she stated.
Three months. Right now, Zuo Mo was only grateful the sect assessment was three months in the future. He still had a hint of life!
Updated from lightnovelpub[.]com
With the quickest possible speed, he picked [Li Water Sword Scripture] and ran for the Little West Wind Yard.
He was clear what Luo Li was planning on. The whole sect ,everyone felt that he didn’t have a chance of winning but Zuo Mo didn’t want to admit defeat like this. Whenever he thought of Luo Li and Hao Min’s faces, the anger in his chest rose. And this would directly decide his future status in the sect. To say of nothing else, Master’s warning was in his ears.
Wasn’t it just a sword scripture?
What was simpler than sword scripture? After getting sliced a few thousand times, would he get it?
Zuo Mo thought hatefully.
There was no possibility of winning if he relied on normal methods. His gamble was all on Pu Yao. But gambling on Pu Yao meant countless jingshi.
“You want help? Alright, as long as you can pay the jingshi. Anything can be discussed.” Pu Yao said interestedly, “If the price you pay is high enough, oh, I can go sort Luo Li out immediately. Guarantee no one would find out.”
As expected……
As Zuo Mo expected, Pu Yao started his extortion.
Visit lightnovelpub[/.]com for the best novel reading experience
“What? It’s higher than the previous price? Of course, this is called reacting to the market!” The smile on Pu Yao’s face was enchanting, “You have to consider it well. The price tomorrow would be even higher.”
Zuo Mo went to find Li Ying Feng.
“Shijie, how much jingshi can you lend me?” Zuo Mo’s eyes were red, his throat rough.
Li Ying Feng didn’t hesitate, “I can lend it all, three third grade!”
“Many thanks, Shijie!” Zuo Mo didn’t waste words. There was only gratefulness in his heart. It was only at the crucial time that it could be seen if a person was worthy.
Old Black, and Guo Lu also unhesitatingly gave all the jingshi they had to Zuo Mo. Even Xu Qing secretly gave Zuo Mo fifty pieces of second grade jingshi. The whole sect knew that Zuo Mo was borrowing jingshi. Many people were looking at it as a joke.
“Did he ask you yet?”
“Ha, I don’t dare to lend to him.”
“Exactly. Just became an inner sect disciple and dare to offend Hao Min Shijie, he really thinks he’s someone!”
The source of this content is ligh/tn/ov/e/lpub[.]com
“Oh, I remember that Xiao Mo was a pretty steady person, why would he do something so dumb?”
“When a little person enjoys success, they become arrogant!”
……
……
Zuo Mo sold all of the mature ling herbs and grasses in his ling fields and received one piece of third grade jingshi.
Roughly calculating, Zuo Mo had about six pieces of third grade jingshi on his hands.
This was a huge sum, a sum that Zuo Mo had never even thought about. Not long ago, his yearly income was twenty or so second grade jingshi. The six pieces of third grade jingshi gave off an enticing shine and a strong ling energy vibration.
“This is everything I gathered, give it all to you.”
Zuo Mo threw the six pieces of third grade jingshi to Pu Yao.
For more, visit lightnovelpub[.]com
Pu Yao grinned as he took the jingshi. He played with one with his right hand, gently throwing it up and then gently catching it. His expression was intoxicated as he said, “Such a moving sound, jingshi is really the most reliable thing in this world.”
“Teach me this!”
Zuo Mo took out the jade stick for [Li Water Sword Scripture], his voice resolute.
His expression was slightly tired, the zombie face slightly gray but the pair of eyes were like two balls of jumping flames, hot and vicious.



Chapter 53: Great Strength Pill
Sorry guys, you’re stuck with me and my typos until warlord212 gets some free time. Thanks in advance if you could catch and report them to me.
The most important thing to take away from this chapter is golden crow fire. Of course, Zuo Mo is also important but GOLDEN CROW FIRE.
Chapter Fifty Three Great Strength Pill
Dong Fu.
“Master Yan, if there is snow foxtail grass next time, don’t forget to notify me.” An old person dressed grandly kept on adding.
Yan Le’s round face was full of smiles: “Of course, of course. Master Wang, don’t worry. I’ll certainly leave it for you.”
“That’s good.” Master Wang nodded in satisfaction and then said enviously: “Your sect really has many great talents. You even have a ling plant farmer now. In the future, you’ll have more support!”
Yan Le was smug inside but didn’t show it. He repeatedly shook his hands: “Master Wang exaggerates, our sect still needs your guidance.”
The two exchanged a few more courtesies before Yan Le saw Master Wang out the door.
“Ling plant farmers are really ling plant farmers.” Returning to the store, Yan Le sighed in satisfaction. He was extremely grateful that he had coincidentally encountered Zuo Mo that day. Otherwise, he might have been snatched away by another sect. If this kept on going, then the sect will have an additional source of wealth. More importantly, the sect’s influence in Dong Fu will increase dramatically. In the future, Wu Kong Sword Sect would have an astonishing genius like Wei Sheng, a ling plant farmer like Zuo Mo and someone skilled at business like Li Ying Feng. The sect would pass on very well into their hands.
Visit /lightnovel/pub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
Li Ying Feng took in everything. Taking advantage of Master’s good mood, she opened her mouth to help Zuo Mo: “Yes, Master, look, our business is much better than before. Zuo Mo Shixiong was a large part.”
Yan Le was clever and understood what his disciple was saying. He chuckled: “You don’t have to say things for your Zuo Shixiong. I know you two have a good relationship.”
He said unconcernedly: “Young people, dampening the spirit, it isn’t a bad thing. Your Zuo Shixiong looks easy to speak to, but in his bones, he is a very stubborn person. And he had to end up with an extremely competitive Master. Haha, it’s so funny.”
Yan Le thought of something and roared with laughter.
Li Ying Feng said furiously: “But Shixiong is a ling plant farmer. The sect assessment only tests the sword, why not [Little Art of Cloud and Rain]? Isn’t this to bully people?”
“Haha, Disciple, don’t be angry. Our sect is a sword sect. If we don’t test the sword, what do we test? Don’t worry, we’re going to be there. Naturally, we wouldn’t let him be humiliated too much. But if he isn’t as good as others, it’s hard to avoid suffering a bit.” Yan Le’s expression became stern: “Us sword cultivators, what we pursue is our hearts like a sword. What is a sword? That is win or lose, that’s life or death, that’s death if one does not advance! You have to remember, what sword cultivators walk is going against the heavens! He is a ling plant farmer but since he is in a sword sect, he needs to understand this.”
Li Ying Feng was entranced by the words and became speechless, standing still at her spot. Seeing this, Yan Le smiled and didn’t disturb her, heading inside the hall.
Suddenly, someone pushed open the door to enter.
“The great strength pill I wanted, is there any?” The person asked straightaway.
The source of this content is lightnovelpub[.]com
Li Ying Feng instantly shook and her thoughts returned. She hurriedly responded: “Yes, yes.”
The other gave a joyful expression, asking: “How many?”
“Twenty.”
“Great! I’ll take all of them!” The other instantly said.
Li Ying Feng reacted very quickly. She cleverly shook her head: “I can only sell fifteen to you.”
The other asked dissatisfied: “Why can’t you sell all of it to me?”
Li Ying Feng’s expression was calm as she lied: “Someone reserved five.”
“Alright.” The other was helpless. He had only ordered ten in the beginning: “Then sell fifteen to me.” He crisply paid the jingshi, took the great strength pill and rushed away.
Li Ying Feng looked at the remaining five great strength pills, her mind turning furiously. This person had put so much importance on this great strength pill, this great strength pill definitely had something that wasn’t normal. If she could find what was unique, then the way to sell this great strength pill would open. Otherwise, she could only sell to this one person.
Visit lig/htn/ov/elpub[.]com for the best novel reading experience
She decided to send the great strength pill to the Medical Institute to have an expert examination. Even though it needed a significant payment, she could finally figure out the use of this great strength pill that Shidi had made.
Wu Ming held the great strength pill he had just brought, his heart joyful.
He didn’t know who made the name but it really wasn’t pleasing. Such a good dan, but such a country bumpkin name. It really ruined the dan. He was smug inside. It was lucky that he was sensitive to fire-oriented ling energy. Otherwise last time, he would have brushed right past this dan.
Last time, he had accidentally found that this dan that was being sold had a faint flavor of fire. He had been born sensitive to the fire element. The fire element in this dan might be faint but it was extremely pure so he had unhesitatingly brought it.
After using it, to his joy and surprise, he found that fire energy in the dan was actually sun essence.
Fire, one of the five elements. In Sky Moon Jie, those that cultivated fire far surpassed the number of those that cultivated the four other elements added together. No matter if it was forging, or dan-making, or food-refining, it couldn’t leave fire. The most common seen was Li Fire. It was also the most normal kind of fire. And what was chased after were all kinds of strange fire sources. Producing using high grade fire sources meant that the process was half done and what was created was even more pure.
Originating from the sun, Golden Crow Fire, it was a fire source of fourth grade!
Of course, golden crow fire came from the sun but how to assimilate it, how to nurture it, only a rare few of the biggest sects knew of the method. And it was always passed on secretly. Even more, the fourth grade golden crow fire was fiery and hard to control. It was easy to harm the body. So the people that could use golden crow fire were very rare.
So that was why Wu Ming was so happy when he found that strand of essence of the sun in this Great Strength Pill. What made him even more exhilarated was that this essence of the sun was extremely yang, but warm and harmless. Nurturing it inside the body, he actually didn’t feel any ill effects.
Updated from l/ig/htno/velpu/b[.]com
Like a treasure, he grew this strand of sun essence in his body. Even though it was an extremely thin strand and very far from becoming golden crow fire, but if he could buy more great strength pills, and as the sun essence accumulated, there would be hope of the golden crow fire. Even if it would not form golden crow fire, this extremely pure and yang sun essence could increase the grade of other fire sources if it was merged.
Golden crow fire wasn’t something that could be bought with jingshi.
His mood was very good after buying fifteen great strength pills. After absorbing all fifteen, the sun essence in his body would dramatically increase. It was still very far from forming golden crow energy but it was a start. Right now, he was hoping that no one else had found the benefit of this great strength pill
However, he knew his thoughts were slightly unrealistic. Other people weren’t dumb. Great strength pill should be a new kind of dan that just came out. As a result, he got a bargain. But he guessed that other people would quickly ascertain its effects. If he wanted to buy it in the future, it wouldn’t be at this price.
That strand of sun essence, it was worth far more than its present price.
But he was already walking in front of everyone else. Adding on that his financial situation was well-off, he wasn’t afraid.
Zuo Mo felt his sea of consciousness was slightly unfamiliar. He hadn’t come for a certain period of time and the changes inside were pretty big. The area of the consciousness of much larger than before. The alluring deep red fire was like a furiously growing weed, now a section taller. The star in the void seemed even further away but it was even more brighter. The temperature of the ice river was even lower, the icicles inside were even finer, the movement of the tides more powerful than before.
“Well, at least you weren’t dumb to the end and picked a sword scripture suited to you.” Pu Yao said lazily.
Zuo Mo listened extremely attentively.
Visit /lightnovelpub[.]c/om for the best novel reading experience
“Honestly speaking, your talents at cultivating the sword really aren’t anything. If it was your Shixiong, if he had been sliced ten times by sword essence, he probably would have comprehended it. Twenty times, he could reach where you are now. You were sliced thousands of times to reach this progress, hee hee.” Pu Yao wasn’t courteous.
Zuo Mo wasn’t moved.
“However, your talents with the five elements are not bad.” Pu Yao’s voice suddenly became distant and deep: “In this word, there is only appropriate or not, never the strongest.”
“This [Li Water Sword Scripture] can’t be considered anything good but it is appropriate for you.” Pu Yao gave a rare compliment.
Zuo Mo opened his ears, fearful of losing a word. Every word that Pu Yao said was automatically converted by him into jingshi.
“Li, in the eight trigrams, it belongs to fire, creating the saying Li Fire. Anything in the world is sorted into yin and yang. Yang as fire, yin as water. Li Water, the person who made this sword scripture is an interesting one.” It was probably because he had received enough jingshi that Pu Yao showed patience he never had before.
“This sword scripture, it still goes along the road of water. However, manipulate water as fire.” Pu Yao evaluated: “The idea isn’t bad but it’s pretty unprofessional. No wonder it’s only third grade.”
Then Pu Yao raised his head and glanced at Zuo Mo, adding: “But for you to learn, it’s more than enough.”
Very quickly, Zuo Mo felt that the six pieces of third grade jingshi were worth it.
New novel chapters are published on lightnovelpub//[.]com
This profound and cryptic sword scripture, under Pu Yao’s explanations, became clear and easy to understand.
Two hours later, Pu Yao started his conclusions: “Alright, this is about it. All that’s needed to be said has been said. If you still can’t learn it, then it’s you who’s too dumb.”
“This is the end?” Zuo Mo who was entranced asked unconsciously.
“Finished.”
“Didn’t you say that it had many flaws?” Zuo Mo persistently asked.
Pu Yao gave his enchanting smile: “The service of changing the sword scripture, you need to pay otherwise. Looking on the fact that we are familiar, I’ll give you a discount. Only one hundred pieces of third grade jingshi. I’ll change it to fourth grade. Fifth grade, one thousand pieces of third grade jingshi.”
One hundred pieces of third grade jingshi……
Zuo Mo unhesitatingly turned and left the sea of consciousness. Behind him, Pu Yao laughed cheerfully.
Leaving the sea of consciousness, Zuo Mo found an empty space in the mountain valley. He took care to pick a place far from the ling fields.
Updated from lightnovelpub[.]com
Pu Yao had clearly stated the rationale. In conclusion, it was one sentence: manipulate water like fire. Basically, it was using the methods for manipulating fire to control water. Zuo Mo increasingly found that this sword scripture was suited for him. His only flying sword was the third grade ice crystal sword. Ice, the basic attribute was water. The sword essence he comprehended, it was the tidal sword essence of Xin Yan Shishu, that was also related to water.
And the core of this [Li Water Sword Scripture] was also water!
Was it even the heavens found Luo Li an eyesore?
Zuo Mo snickered darkly.
He quickly took himself out of his thoughts. No matter how much of the rationale he understood, sword scriptures had to be practiced. How to manipulate water like fire, he didn’t know.
Three months!
He only had a time of three months!
The vision of Hao Min’s arrogant attitude and Luo Li’s disdainful gaze floated up in his head. Zuo Mo unconsciousness tightened his fist!
If he couldn’t overcome this step, how could he pursue the answers?
Visit ligh/tn/ovel/pub[.]/com for the best novel reading experience


