Chapter 1 Capture him alive
*Bang*
A loud gunshot was heard.
A man was shot.
The previously joyous mood turned into one full of panic and confusion. Conversations came to an abrupt halt as startled gasps filled the air.
"Aaaaacckkkkkkk!!"
A woman screamed as she saw the man falling on the floor. He was shot in his heart, there was no chance of survival. A pool of blood formed under the man's body and the woman, who had seen so much blood for the first time in her life could only scream in panic.
Her scream was the start,
"Aaaaaaaccckkkk!!"
"H-He is dead!!"
"Aaaahhh!! Save me!!!"
A wave of chaos washed over the party, guests frantically sought shelter or dropped to the floor in panic. Many just screamed at the top of their lungs, their bodies had frozen in fear, but, the horror had just started.
*Bang* *Bang* *Bang*
3 more gunshots were heard.
*Thud* *Thud* *Thud*
3 more bodies fell on the floor, lifeless.
All 4 people that had died wore a similar Black Coat, signifying that they were from the same faction. However, none of the people present there cared about all that. Their focus was on someone else.
A black-haired man with a black beard, a slightly wrinkled face with a scar on the left side of his face starting from the cheek to all the way to his eyebrow, this already gave him a fierce look, his savage eyes only boosted his ferociousness, the man stood tall with a gun in his hand.
From the calm look on his face, it was clear that he was quite experienced when it came to situations like this.
Of course, he didn't stay still either. The moment he realized that his location was now revealed, he rolled over and got a cover.
That was the signal,
*Bang* *Bang* *Bang*
It has started.
The members of the Faction that had lost 4 of their men took out their guns and shot at the man who hid behind the cover.
*Bang* *Bang* *Bang*
The man didn't just defend either, he continued to shoot at the enemies, making sure that they wouldn't move away from their cover and get near him.
*Bam*
Suddenly, the doors of the room were kicked open and 20 men wearing similar Black suits walked in. Their target? The man who had started it all and had murdered 4 of their members.
The fight instantly became a 1 vs 26.
However, there was still not a single trace of fear in the man's eyes.
*Bang* *Bang* *Bang*
Suddenly, more gunshots were heard.
Amongst countless gunshots that were continuously being exchanged between the man and the men in black suits, these gunshots seemed more distinct, that was because they were shot by 10 people who seemed to be cowering in fear amongst the crowd, but now, they looked like professionals with years of experience.
10 more men wearing Black Suits fell down. This enraged other Faction members, and the frequency of gunshots exchange increased.
*Bang* *Bang* *Bang*
"AAaaaaakkkkkkk!!!"
 "Save me!!"
"Get me out of here!!"
Along with the increased gunshots, the panic and chaos in the room spread as well.
It was not a normal situation.
Who could have thought that some bastards would dare to attack and kill these people and that too, in their faction's Ship?
How can one be so foolish!?
Even if they wanted to die, why drag them together!?
The people couldn't understand.
They were in no condition to understand anything either. Their mind was a mess, their heartbeat was a lot faster than normal, they were sweating profusely and their bodies were frozen in fear.
However, the people shooting at each other didn't care about their feelings. Suddenly, around 50 more men wearing the same Black Suit walked into the Hall room.
The fight's intensity increased.
The tables that were used to play Poker, Billiards, Blackjack, Roulette, and other games, the bar where the servers stayed behind and served drinks, the music system, and the huge speakers, all of these things were now used as a cover,
These 11 men's resistance was quite fierce. They picked their enemies' guns once their own were out of ammo. These people were really skilled, even killing one of them was difficult.
However, in front of such a huge number, even these skilled men fell.
One by one, these people started getting hit.
The Battle continued for 30 whole minutes, and with each second the battle got more and more intense, more bystanders died, around 30 men wearing Black Suits were lying on the floor with blood coming out of their bodies. The entire Hall room reeked of irony smell of blood.
10 of the 11 people who attacked the men in Black Suites were killed as well, the only one left was the bearded man who started all this.
He was still fighting.
*Click* *Click*
"Fuck! I am out of ammo!"
A man wearing Black Suit cursed.
"I am the same." The man next to him said the same.
They looked at other allies and realized they all faced the same problem as well.
And with how that bearded man was not shooting anymore, it seemed that he was facing the same problem.
"Haaahh..."
The men sighed in relief.
It was over.
Without guns, there was no way that man could fight against more than 20 of them.
*Bam*
However, they were wrong.
The table the man in the black suit was covering himself with, was broken away from a strong impact, the bearded man appeared right in front of him, in his hand, there was a meter-long hammer.
*Bam*
"Aaagghhh!!"
Without wasting any time, the bearded man moved his hammer, crushing the man's skull, killing him on the spot.
"C-Crazy bastard!"
The other people couldn't believe their eyes.
You would think that in a condition like this, one would try to search the dead bodies and try to get ammo or another gun. Even thinking about running away was a possibility but since they were surrounded by water, even this option was not available. Hiding and trying to mix in with the crowd was one of the options as well.
There were many things that the bearded man could try and do, but...
To directly step forward and attack with a hammer?
Was he that brave?
Or was he just straight-up foolish?
"Attack!!"
Anyways, the men in black didn't care about all that. They only had one task, capture this man.
"Get him!"
"Capture him alive!"
Soon the bearded man was surrounded by 20 people who were rushing at him with different weapons in their hands.



Chapter 2 See you in Hell
*Slash*
A man passed through the bearded man's defenses and his knife grazed his shoulder.
"Uggghh!!"
The bearded man groaned in pain. However, he ignored the pain and continued to fight.
However, that little mini-second he wasted was enough for more openings.
*Bam*
A baseball bat hit his knee. Another man's knife pierced through his thigh, then, his arm was pierced through, the head was smashed with a chair.
After being attacked from all directions, the bearded man's movements finally slowed down. He, the man who had killed more than 20 people alone, had finally fallen on his knees, his face was a bloody mess, his limbs were pierced through with knives, and there were cuts and blood all over his body, however, his eyes still looked as fierce as before.
"Tie him up." A man spoke.
"Remove his clothes before you do that, we need to make sure he doesn't have any weapons." Another man spoke.
The bearded man was then stripped, then, without the care of his injuries, his limbs were tied.
"Haaahh… Haaah…"
The men in black suits all breathed heavily.
They had finally captured this man.
"Take him to the boss."
A man spoke in a tired voice. Another man nodded, he grabbed the bearded man's hair and pulled him all the way to a room on the upper floor of the ship.
"Boss,"
The man spoke as he dragged the Bearded man into his boss's room.
With his vision a little blurry due to all the blood around his eyes, the bearded man glanced at the so-called 'Boss'.
The 'Boss' wore a neat white suit, he had blonde hair, crystal blue eyes, and a perfectly carved face, honestly, it wouldn't be a lie to say that he was one of the most handsome men alive in this world.
The 'Boss' was sitting on a chair that seemed more like a throne, on his lap, sat a woman wearing a bikini. In her hands, the woman was holding a plate of steak. While the other woman standing behind the chair had a glass of red wine in her hand.
Yes, while the people on the lower floors were fighting and screaming for their lives, this man was eating steak, that too, with a leisurely expression on his face.
The man's crystal blue eyes fell on the bearded man and he commented,
"You created quite a stir."
His voice was so soft but heavy that it felt like god himself had spoken.
Honestly, even though this man hadn't done anything, just with him leisurely eating steak while the people on the lower floor struggled for their life made him look quite intimidating,
Especially those blue eyes, it was as if they had some strange power in them.
However, the bearded man didn't feel this intimidation, he just smiled.
A big wide grin appeared on his face as he glanced at the 'Boss' in front of him. Rather than being intimidated, the bearded man gave off a dangerous aura, even though he was all tied up and was kneeling on the floor.
"Christopher Davis, 31, leader of Silent Vengeance, a gang that has risen into power in just 7 years. Parents committed suicide when you were 21, after that, you disappeared for 2 years, then once you reappeared, you joined the underworld and in just one year, you formed your own Gang. Drug Trafficking, Arms Smuggling, Racketeering, Cybercrime, Theft, Extortion, Money Laundering, Fraud, and even Assassinations, there was nothing you didn't do.
Honestly, that is quite a high achievement, not many gangs could handle all these businesses properly, not to mention a gang that is just 7 years old.
I am quite impressed."
'Boss' spoke up, with how he had slightly raised his eyebrow, it was clear that he wasn't saying it for the sake of saying it, he was actually impressed.
"You did your research."
The bearded man, Christopher, replied with a grin. His teeth which were covered in blood looked frightening.
 "When you get to my level, getting something like this is just a matter of minutes. If I actually 'researched' or looked into you, I would even have the information about your 7th ancestor.
Anyways, I do not like to brag about this and it seems like you aren't very excited to hear about all this either. So let me come to the main topic,
Why are you here, Christopher?
Someone as intelligent as you should know you had no chance of winning.
Why waste your life like this when you were doing so well?"
The 'Boss' questioned.
"2013, February 15, 9:30 pm, Bougainville Street, Angelena Rape Case, yes, the case where you raped an innocent woman, there were two witnesses. Your men tried to pay them off, but they refused and had already called the police."
"What are you talking about?" the 'Boss' frowned.
Christopher, however, completely ignored him and continued,
"The Police arrested you, Jonathan Turner, a business tycoon, that was how the Rape Case got popular as well, soon, however, things cooled down unexpectedly quickly, as if someone intentionally did it.
You were released and your men found those two witnesses, they created some problems with their business, and then burned them alive, making it seem like suicide."
"Hmm. Though I do not quite recall that specific incident, the pattern of operation is indeed mine, I was a little immature back then. I am better now though,
I don't get caught anymore."
The Boss, Jonathan chuckled lightly.
"Those witnesses were my parents."
Christopher spoke.
"…"
Jonathan froze, and soon, his expression changed.
"So is that why you are here? For revenge? You let your success get to your head? Who told you that you and your little friends can sneak into my Ship and kill me? Are you a fool? Did you really think that would work?
How many did you and your men kill? 20? 30? 50? In this Ship filled with 3000 people, 2000 are my people. Do you think you created a big stir? You didn't do anything, Christopher, I can simply replace the people you killed, it wouldn't even be considered a scratch.
Honestly, with that pathetic plan of yours, in normal conditions, you wouldn't even be able to see me. The only reason you were blessed with my presence was because I was bored.
You are merely a source of entertainment for me, Christopher.
Just like your parents."
Hearing those words, Christopher's narrowed his eyes.
Jonathan noticed then and an evil grin appeared on his face,
"What? Do you think their testimony did something?
I never went to jail.
That was a fake news.
Yes, the only reason I killed your parents was because I wanted to do something entertaining,
Though I don't remember it now, I am sure your parent's screams as they burned alive and begged me for mercy were entertaining enough."
Jonathan laughed lightly.
However, these words, which had enough power to burn anyone's heart with rage and hatred,
They only brought a grin on Christopher's face.
"I guess it was hidden deep enough. The stomach is indeed the innermost organ. Even the detectors couldn't detect it."
He spoke.
The Aura around him changed, that bloodied grin… it suddenly became 1000 times more frightening.
"What do you mean?"
Jonathan questioned with a frown.
"Can you still not hear it?"
Christopher questioned.
"…"
The entire area turned deadly silent as Jonathan raised his hand.
*Beep* *Beep*
A faint sound was finally heard.
Jonathan's expression changed.
"You bastard!! What are you planning!?"
"Is that not clear enough?"
"There is no way you can survive that!"
Jonathan shouted. His pale face and trembling fingers that he pointed at Christopher were enough to tell how scared he was.
"I removed all the glands in my stomach and filled the entire thing with this bomb, Jonathan. You think threatening me with my life would work?"
Jonathan rushed towards Christopher and grabbed him by his collar. The injured Christopher couldn't resist, however, his smile didn't vanish, rather, it only widened even further.
"The police might free you, that girl you raped might take back all the allegations, but I will never forgive you, Jonathan.
You destroyed my life by taking away the two most precious people in my life, leaving me alone.
Now I am going to destroy yours."
"B-Bastard!! Think about the other 3000 people on the ship! Are you going to kill all of them!? You think your parents would be happy when you meet them in the afterlife!?"
"I created a Crime Syndicate, did all kinds of terrible things just so I can understand how things work here and get to you, you think I would care about those 3000 lives?
And after what I did, I wouldn't even get to meet my parents,
Since both you and I will be going to the same place."
With a wide grin on his face, Christopher spoke his last words.
"See you in Hell, Jonathan."
"NOOOOO!!!!"
*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*



Chapter 3 Who are you
*BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM*
"Haaaaahhh!!"
A man sat up from his bed and his eyes widened in surprise.
He was Christopher.
"Haaahh… Haahh… Haah…"
Christopher took in deep breath, his face was covered with sweat and he looked around with a confused look on his face.
He didn't know where he was.
He then glanced at his own hands, it was only for a faint second, but he saw his hands being covered with light and disintegrating into countless small particles.
"Haah… Haah… Haa…"
Christopher's breathing hardened.
Seeing his hand intact like this… he felt a strange emotion…
He then looked around again, then, a smile appeared on his tired face…
"Is this the Hell they all talked about?
It sure doesn't look like one."
He muttered to himself.
This room, it was far from what he imagined the hell would look like.
The bed he was lying on, it was a four-poster bed with an extremely soft mattress covered with silk sheets, the pillows were plushy, and the canopy overhead gave a sense of extreme comfort and grandeur.
The walls were draped in rich tapestries depicting heroic battles and mythical creatures, Soft, golden light spills through stained glass windows, casting vibrant hues across the room and adding an ethereal ambiance.
To one side, a beautifully crafted reddish brown writing desk was positioned, adorned with an assortment of quills, ink pots, and parchment. Across from the bed, a sitting area was arranged with plush velvet armchairs and a low coffee table. Near the windows, a small balcony overlooks breathtaking views of the castle grounds.
All in all, this room was absolutely beautiful.
Honestly, it was far better than all the 5 Star Hotels Christopher had ever been to.
"Heh, if Hell is this beautiful, then what about Heaven? My parents must be living a comfortable life up there."
Christopher chuckled.
Soon, however, he noticed something amiss.
His body…
It felt weak…
'Is this because of the explosion?'
He wondered, however, as he glanced at his hands, he realized that his skin was fairer than before. No, it was not just skin color, the size of his hands, skin texture, hand proportions, the shape… everything was different…
These… these were not his hands…
Christopher frowned, he stood up, and walked towards the Mirror.
"!!!"
His eyes widened in surprise when he glanced at his reflection.
'This… is me…?'
He wondered in his head.
'What? Does hell even give you a plastic surgery to make you the most handsome man alive?'
 He had lustrous purple hair, well-groomed eyebrows, and golden eyes that gave out a sense of mysteriousness. His facial features looked as if they were carefully carved by the God himself, there were still some similarities to his features in the past, however, it had been refined to the point that he needed to look carefully to find those familiarities.
"Heh. That's quite a look. Though I liked the Scar on my face, made me feel like a badass."
Christopher laughed as he glanced at his face again. All his scars were gone, his skin seemed healthy, facial features were sharp, all in all, he was very satisfied with his appearance.
"Vaan, eat your meal."
Suddenly, Christopher heard a voice.
A man wearing a black suit over a white shirt and black pants barged into the room while dragging a table with him. The moment the man walked in, he closed the doors, then, he pushed the table away towards Christopher and then frowned,
"Why are you standing? Shouldn't you be laying on the bed? Are your injuries healed? Or were you not injured at all and were deceiving me this whole time?"
The man wearing a black suit questioned.
*Step*
Christopher's body stepped back on its own.
'Huh?'
He frowned as he realized that his head was unconsciously lowered.
Christopher couldn't understand...
This body… it seemed like it was intimidated by this man…
But why...?
Christopher glanced at the man standing in front of him again.
From what he wore, he looked like a butler, and from the clothes Christopher was wearing, he looked like a child of a noble family, logically, this butler should serving him, then…
Why was this body intimidated? And that too by a dandy-looking man who looked like he would die with a single slap.
"Huh? Did you become a Mute or something? Why are you not saying anything?"
The butler questioned with an arrogant look on his face.
Hearing those words, Christopher's mouth twitched.
Who was he?
He was a man who single-handedly rose in the underground world within just 7 years. Who in the hell did this wimpy-looking man think he was?
Christopher rubbed the back of his neck, he suppressed his instincts as he took back the control over his body, then, he walked towards the butler.
"Who are you?"
He questioned.
"What? Did you lose your memories or something? Do you want me to hit your head to help you get it back?" The butler questioned back.
Christopher stared into the man's eyes.
"Do not look at me like that, yo-" The butler spoke with a disgusted look on his face, but,
*Bam*
*Crack*
Before he could complete his sentence, Christopher grabbed the plate the butler had brought and smashed it on his head, breaking it whole thing.
Of course, he didn't stop either, he then grabbed the utensil that had all the food and,
*Bam*
He smashed that on the butler's head as well.
"Aggghhhh!!"
The butler screamed in agony as the sizzling hot food fell on his face, burning it.
However, this was not the end,
"Aaaahhh!!"
Christopher shouted as he picked the entire table and,
*Bam*
*Crash*
He smashed it onto the Butler's head, breaking the table in the process.
The servants who heard all the noises quickly rushed into Christopher's room, the dust cleared up, and Christopher was found grabbing the butler with his collar,
With a cold expression on his face, he spoke,
"I asked who the fuck are you, when are you going to answer that?
Or do you want me to smash this fat head of yours a few more times before you finally know your place, huh?"
Before the butler could answer, Christopher grabbed his hair and,
*Bam*
Smashed his face into the floor.
He lifted the butler's face again, by now, the butler's face had turned into a bloody mess, his mouth was filled with blood and his broken teeth, his face was covered with gravy, blood, and cuts, and his eyes, they were shrunk in fear as he looked at Christopher.
"I'll ask one last time, who are you?"



Chapter 4 M Mother
Christopher didn't care.
He had died.
And it was not a pathetic death either, he died as he avenged his parents.
He didn't have any regrets.
He was now free.
So what if he was in Hell?
So what if he couldn't understand what was going on?
He didn't have to understand it.
The worse that can happen is that they torture him. He was already prepared for this day when he chose to join the underworld. His thirst for revenge was so high that he, a 21-year-old boy who learned the truth about his parent's death, decided to join the underworld without any lower boundaries at all. If he gained something from doing something, he would do it no matter how bad it was.
That was how he rose to the point he did.
He was already prepared to pay for his deeds one day, whether that would happen on Earth when he was alive, or in Hell when he had died, it didn't matter.
So unbounded Christopher didn't care.
A random man dared to talk to him like that, that man had to pay. It didn't matter who this man was, whether he was someone with power, Christopher, who was mentally prepared to pay for his sins, let his instincts take over and decided to act wild for one last time.
And, he beat the shit out of the butler.
"T-That's Young Master Vaan…?"
"I have never seen him act like that in front of Aldric."
"Yeah, wasn't he usually tame in front of that guy? What happened? Did he finally get on Young Master's nerve?"
"No… that's not Young Master… Young Master may take out his frustration and look down on most of the servants, there were even cases of him hitting some servants in the past, however, something like this has never happened before.
Young Master has never hitten someone to the point that his entire face is covered in blood. I didn't even know the Young Master is capable of doing it."
"S-Should we s-stop him?" A servant spoke up.
"What are you talking about? He is doing that to Aldric, the man he usually acted tame in front of, what do you think he would do to us normal servants who he had been harassing whenever he is in a bad mood? Do you have a death wish?" The other servant simply shot him down.
There was no way they were going to make a move.
Young Master Vaan… his eyes were different than before…
Those eyes… they resembled a fierce demon…
"T-Then what should we do?" Another servant questioned.
Since the Young Master has already caused so much chaos, if they didn't make a move, they wouldn't get scot-free either.
"There is nothing we can do, just send someone and report this to Lady Astra. She is the only one who can deal with this situation."
A servant spoke up, then, one of the servants stepped forward,
"I'll go call her."
Other servants nodded, and the servant who stepped up turned around and rushed away. The rest of the servants turned towards their Young Master, observing everything while keeping their distance.
"I'll ask you one last time, who are you?"
Christopher questioned.
The butler's face was bloodied, even if he wanted to answer, with his mouth filled with blood and his broken teeth and Christopher lifting his head as he pulled his hair, it was impossible for him to say anything without choking in his own blood.
Christopher, however, didn't care,
*Bam*
 He smashed the butler's face into the floor again, Aldric's nose broke. Christopher looked into his eyes again. Aldric's eyes widened in fear.
He had to answer.
"I… I am Aldric… Kwaakk! Kwaakhh!!"
Aldric replied, even if he choked in his own blood, he still replied.
"I… I am y-your butler…"
"My butler? And you still dared to talk to me like that?" Christopher narrowed his eyes.
"I… I apologize…"
"D-Did Young Master Vaan lose his memory?" A servant who was observing everything from afar questioned.
"T-That is not entirely impossible…
It would explain why he looks so different than before…" Another servant nodded.
"That is correct…"
"But how is this possible? Did something happen?" Another servant questioned.
The servants just glanced at each other.
Nothing happene- no wait.
The servants recalled.
"The Young Master was beaten up by those 5. Did one of them hit his head?"
"Where did they get the courage to attack the Young Master this brutally?" A servant questioned in shock.
"No wait, it has been a while since Young Master was attacked, I even met him once after that, he still remembered everything. How did he suddenly lose his memory?" Another servant questioned.
"I do not know…" The other servants shook their heads.
They didn't have an answer.
Young Master's sudden change.
They couldn't find a reason behind it. Right now, they could only watch the situation.
"This is not the first time you did something like this, is it? You were way too comfortable when you talked to me like that, tell me, who gave you the balls to act like that in front of your boss?" Christopher questioned.
He couldn't understand much, however, he was sure about a few things, this man was his servant and a servant who dared to be rude to his boss, that was definitely something not seen very often.
Christopher wanted to know more about it.
"I… I apolo-"
"I do not want your apology, fucktard.
Name, give me a name.
Who gave you the balls to act like this?"
"I-I was s-sent b-by Lady Serap-"
Before the Butler could answer the question,
"Vaan! What new trouble are you creating now!?"
A loud shout was heard.
"Haah!? Which fucker dare-" Christopher was about to shout back and lash at the woman who just shouted at him but as soon as his eyes fell on the woman who had just walked into the room, his eyes widened in surprise.
"M-Mother…?"



Chapter 5 Vaan Astra Vesta
"M-Mother…?"
Christopher couldn't believe his eyes.
The woman in front of him.
She looked exactly like his mother. Those Black eyes, long Raven Hair, those warm features, other than the fact that this woman looked a lot younger, with more refined features and healthier skin with no marks or acne, she looked just like his mother.
"Haah!? So you know who your mother is! Vaan! How many times are you goi-" The woman shouted, however, before she could continue,
Christopher rushed towards her and buried his face into her chest.
"Mother!"
He exclaimed as he hugged his mother.
In that moment, that cold, selfish, and evil gangster disappeared and was replaced by a young man who saw his mother after 10 whole years.
The woman, who was suddenly hugged by Christopher froze.
What… what was happening?
Her child… what happened to him…?
Wasn't he someone who always went against her and acted as if she was her enemy? What happened?
How was her son acting like… her son…?
Is this some sort of act? Has he done something he shouldn't have and was acting like this so that he could get out of the mess?
The woman's mind was full of questions, however,
In the end, the woman just let go of the breath she was holding and gently moved her hand on her son's head as she ruffled his hair.
Even if it was all an act… even if everything was fake...
Just… just this once… She wanted to enjoy this moment...
The woman closed her eyes as she hugged Christopher back.
The two stayed like this for an entire minute.
The servants who were watching this situation didn't utter a word.
They were too surprised to say anything.
To think Young Master would hug Lady Astra like that and to think Lady Astra would show such a weak expression in front of them, none of them had ever imagined a scene like this would play out.
Astra sensed what the servants were thinking, she opened her eyes and glanced at one of the servants,
"Clear this mess up."
She ordered.
Of course, by mess, she meant the butler who was on the floor, groaning in pain.
The servant nodded, then, a few more servants walked into the room and started cleaning things up.
"Vaan, come with me."
Astra ordered.
Christopher nodded, Astra turned around but just as she was about to move, Christopher grabbed her hand.
Astra seemed surprised, however, feeling how tightly Christopher had grabbed her hand, as if he was scared that she would go away, a strange sense of fulfillment washed over her heart.
She had decided.
Even… even if Vaan had done something incredibly wrong… just this once… she would take care of it and would not punish him...
 With a hearty smile on her face, Astra took Christopher into her room.
Just like the room Christopher was in, this room had a grand and rich look as well, it was slightly bigger than Christopher's room, but there weren't any major changes, other than the fact that this room had a huge bookshelf that was filled with books and another study room.
Christopher didn't count, but he was sure that there were more than 200 books on the bookshelf.
Seeing that Christopher was looking around with a curious look on his face, Astra smiled.
"It has been a while since you came into my room, hasn't it?"
Christopher wasn't sure, but he still nodded.
"Have a seat."
Astra spoke as she pointed at the sofa.
Christopher sat down, Astra sat in front of him, a maid walked forward, getting ready to serve the tea, Astra, however, raised her hand and gestured the maid and other servants in the room to walk out.
Soon, the only two people left in the room were Astra and Christopher.
Astra grabbed the jar, put the tea in a cup, and moved the cup near Christopher. Then, with a strange expression on her face, she questioned.
"So tell me, what did you do?"
She knew this lovey-dovey act was coming to an end.
She was a little disappointed, however, she was satisfied with just this much. Just this small act was enough to extend her life for a few years.
"I… didn't do anything…"
Christopher replied.
He wasn't a fool. He realized the situation he was in. He wasn't dead.
Well, he was, but he was not in hell, he...
This situation was exactly like those books or comics those kids read, he… he had transmigrated into another person's body and most probably, this place was not the earth either. To make things even stranger for him, the mother of his child looked like his own mother.
The mother he had lost when he was 21.
Christopher didn't know how this happened, however, seeing this woman in front of her, Christopher decided.
He wanted to stay with his mother.
He... he wanted to live in this world.
Hearing Christopher's reply, Astra frowned in confusion. Then, with a worried look on her face, she questioned,
"Is what the servants saying the truth? Have you lost your memories?"
"My head is a little fuzzy, yes." Christopher nodded.
"…"
Astra turned silent.
She glanced at her child, he was definitely different than before, so what he was saying might actually be true. Her child wasn't capable of pulling an act like this, especially when she directly asked what he wanted. If it was all an act, he would have spilled everything.
However, Astra wasn't a normal woman either, rather than panicking, she glanced at Christopher and spoke,
"Let's start slow,
Do you remember your name?"
Christopher wanted to say his own name, however,
"Vaan…"
He replied.
He had decided, it didn't matter if he actually transmigrated into a different world, or if all this was an illusion and he was actually in hell, for now, he would live as this woman's son.
Just as he spoke his name, a complete name came into Christopher's mind,
"Vaan Astra Vesta."



Chapter 6 Astra Elysia Vesta
"Vaan Astra Vesta."
Christopher, no, Vaan spoke the name that instinctively came into his mind.
"And do you know who I am?" Astra questioned.
"You are my mother, Astra Elysia Vesta," Vaan replied out of instinct again. He couldn't understand how he was answering these questions, he just felt his answers were correct.
"And your father's name?" Astra questioned.
"…" Vaan turned silent.
For some reason, no answer came to his mind.
Astra frowned,
"Do you remember anyone else, your grandfather, grandmother, any of your siblings, uncle, or aunts?"
Vaan, however, couldn't answer.
"I do not remember anything else, Mother." He replied as he looked into his mother's eyes.
Astra started thinking.
Honestly, a selfish part of her was happy that her child only remembered her, however, that was only a small part, she was actually worried.
How did this happen?
She couldn't understand it.
When Vaan was injured because of those 5, she had personally checked his condition, he was hurt, but it wasn't something that would make him lose his memories. Although she didn't talk with him because he was unconscious, she still sent a few people to keep an eye on him, their report didn't mention something like this either.
Then how did it happen?
How did Vaan lose his memories?
Astra's mind started thinking of different possibilities, however, soon, she calmed herself down.
The most important thing right now was to keep Vaan calm, if he takes any form of stress, things might get worse.
"Alright, don't worry. I will call the Healers soon, they will help you regain your memories.
You can go now, do you remember where your room is? Or should I send a servant with you?"
Astra questioned.
"Mother…" Suddenly, Vaan called out.
"What is it?"
"I… I want to stay here with you for a while… is that possible?"
Astra's expression changed.
When she finally registered what Vaan said, she reacted,
"O-Of course! Why are you even asking for permission? It is your mother's room! You can stay here for as long as you want!
Do you feel hungry? I haven't tried cooking for a while, how about I make the food with my own hands? Would you like to eat it?"
Astra questioned.
"I am not hungry, Mother," Vaan replied.
"I-It doesn't have to be my cooking, I can ask your favorite chef to make it as well."
"That's not it Mother, no food can be better than mother's food. I am just not hungry right now. Although… I do have another request."
"What is it?" Astra questioned.
 "Please excuse my rudeness…" Suddenly, Vaan stood up.
He walked next to Astra and sat next to her.
For some reason, Astra felt nervous, it was funny how a mother was being nervous around her child, it was apparent what kind of relationship the two had before 'Vaan' transmigrated into his current body.
Slowly, Vaan placed his head on Astra's lap, he was uncomfortable, however, the moment he placed his head on his mother's lap, extreme comfort washed over his body and he involuntarily closed his eyes,
"I… I wish to stay like this for a while…"
He spoke.
"V-Vaan! You are not a child anymore!" Astra complained.
Even though she said that, she didn't make a single move to show her resistance, heck, she even adjusted her legs so Vaan would be more comfortable.
Vaan opened his eyes to look at her mother's face, then, with a warm smile on his face, he replied,
"I know… I just wished I did this more often…"
Hearing those words, Astra froze.
That expression on Vaan's face…
The pure love in those eyes filled her heart with immense happiness but at the same time, that expression stung. It didn't look like an expression a 20-year-old man would make, those eyes… it felt like they were of someone who had lost everything but finally found something that soothed his heart.
Astra's hand moved on its own and she started ruffling Vaan's hair.
A content smile appeared on Vaan's face as he closed his eyes again. His breathing stabilized, the sense of relief he felt was so overwhelming that he felt like he would immediately fall asleep.
However, Vaan was scared of falling asleep.
He felt like if he fell asleep, he would wake up and everything he experienced would just turn out to be a dream.
Therefore, to keep himself awake, he decided to talk to his mother.
"Mother."
"Hmm?"
"That butler…"
"You created quite a mess there."
"I… I apologize… I failed to control my anger."
"To think you would hit Aldric." Astra chuckled.
Vaan frowned,
"You… don't seem angry, mother."
"Would it be wrong to say that he deserved it? Though you did go a little too far." Astra smiled.
Hearing Astra's reply, Vaan frowned.
He forgot about it when he saw his mother, however, now that they were on this topic, his previous question popped up in his head.
"Mother, the other servants called me Young Master, does that mean the father is the head of this place?"
"No." Astra shook her head.
"Then is it some other relative, Uncle? Or Grandfather maybe?"
"It is me." Astra smiled.
"Hm?"
"The Head of one of the strongest families in the world, the Vesta Family, Astra Elysia Vesta." Astra introduced herself with a proud look on her face.
Vaan's expression changed.
Even though Astra was still smiling, there was a proud, confident, composed, and authoritative air around her. Vaan had never felt this type of aura from his mother in his previous life.
Vaan realized it, this woman, she may look gentle and kind like his mother, but, she was no normal person.
"Why are you looking at me like that? Are you surprised?" Astra questioned with a gentle smile on her face.
"I am." Vaan smiled back.
Astra chuckled as she gently flicked Vaan's forehead.
"But mother…"
Suddenly, Vaan's expression changed,
"That butler, he was quite rude to me, the child of the head of this house, how is that possible? Does he have some kind of dirt on us?"
Was his mother being blackmailed or something?
Just thinking about that possibility, the Gangster that Vaan had buried inside the moment he saw his mother, emerged again.
"And I heard that I was beaten up by 5 men as well. Aren't I a Young Master of the Vesta Family, how was I beaten up by some random thugs?
Mother, is there something wrong?"
Vaan questioned with a serious look on his face.
Seeing the look in her son's eyes, Astra was taken aback.
She observed Vaan's face for a while, different expressions formed on her face and a minute later, she finally questioned back,
"Do you really want to know about it?"



Chapter 7 He was the problem
"Do you really want to know about it?"
Astra questioned with a strange look on her face. Vaan, who noticed that expression was now even surer,
His mother, even though she was the head of the family, she was in a difficult position.
How and Why?
Vaan started wondering, however, in the end,
It didn't matter.
Since he was here, he would solve everything and make sure people show his mother the respect she deserved!
With a determined expression on his face, Vaan nodded.
"Please tell me everything."
"That butler is not the servant of our family, he was sent here by the Stormweaver Family."
"Who is this Stormweaver family? Why does it have the power to choose a servant who would serve the son of the Head of the Vesta Family?"
Vaan questioned as he narrowed his eyes. To think another family would have so much influence over his family.
Something was not right.
"You really don't remember anything, huh? To think you even forgot about her." Astra commented as she looked into Vaan's eyes.
"Who are you talking about?"
"The daughter of the Stormweaver family, Seraph-"
*Knock* *Knock*
Suddenly, Astra and Vaan heard a knock.
"Lady Astra, Lady Seraphina is here. What should we do?"
The servant who knocked on the door questioned from outside.
Astra's eyes quickly fell on Vaan's face to see if there was any change in his expression, however, seeing his confused expression, she was now sure.
Vaan had really lost all his memories.
Vaan on the other hand, was thinking about a completely different thing,
'A servant who knocked on the door and spoke without waiting for permission…'
Vaan didn't like this at all.
"Heh, what a coincidence, that girl is here. She must have heard the news."
Suddenly, Astra chuckled.
"Who are you talking about, mother?"
Vaan was quite good at reading expressions, and from how his mother was reacting, he was sure about it,
This girl whose arrival was just announced, Vaan's mother didn't like her at all.
"Seraphina Stormweaver, that's the person the butler you beat up serves," Astra informed.
Vaan narrowed his eyes. Then, he sat up.
"Then what are we waiting for? Let's meet this girl." He needed to see it himself to confirm his theory. He wanted to see who was the bitch who dared to put his mother in a difficult position.
"You seem quite eager to meet her." Astra narrowed her eyes.
"Heh, I am just curious." Vaan laughed.
 He was sure there was something fishy going on here. That girl most probably has something on his mother, that is the reason why his mother was reacting like that.
Vaan needed to jump in.
It didn't matter what it was.
He needed to protect his mother.
"Alright, do you want me to come with you?" Astra questioned.
Vaan realized that his mother didn't wish to see this girl, she most probably didn't wish to feel intimidated in front of her son, however, Vaan just smiled and extended his hand,
"Why not?"
Astra frowned when she heard his answer, however, seeing Vaan's hand, she smiled and then held it lightly.
The mother and son left the room and soon, they were taken to the guest room.
Inside the guest room, there sat a white-haired girl with gorgeous features, she was elegantly sitting on a sofa, sipping on a tea that was served to her with her eyes closed, she had a thin waist, her gown highlighted her curves, making many men drool over her beauty.
The door of the room opened, the girl opened her eyes as she turned towards the door, and smiled,
"It has been a while, Young Mas-"
Soon, however, her eyes fell on Astra, who was walking behind Vaan.
Her expression changed, she quickly stood up and then bowed her head,
"Greetings, Lady Astra.
Please excuse me for my previous conduct, I didn't know you were coming here as well."
Seeing this reaction, Vaan frowned.
This script… it was different from what he had in his mind…
Doesn't this woman have some kind of dirt over his mother?
Was she acting so… subservient?
Is it because he was here?
"Do not mind me, I just came here since I heard you were here and wanted to see how you were doing," Astra spoke in an authoritative tone.
"I am doing fine, Lady Vaan. I am grateful to the Vesta Family for treating me so kindly."
"That's good." Astra smiled.
Then, she turned towards Vaan and,
"Vaan, you two should chat with each other, I have some matters to attend to."
"Alri-"
Vaan wanted to reply but,
"As you say, Lady Astra." Seraphina cut his words off.
Vaan narrowed his eyes.
His eyes fell on Astra, Astra nodded at him with a smile, he nodded back, then, Astra turned around and left the room.
The moment she left, Seraphina's body relaxed, she fell on the sofa with a tired look on her face and took a deep breath.
"Haaahh…"
Vaan continued to observe her.
"So? Why was she here?" Suddenly, Seraphina questioned.
Her tone was completely different from the respectful tone she had a few seconds ago.
"Well, I can understand, she must be worried about her son. What a good mother Lady Astra is." Seraphina smirked.
Then, she glanced at Vaan and questioned,
"Anyways, did you manage to get it?"
Vaan, of course, had absolutely no clue what this girl was talking about.
However, he did realize one thing.
The one this woman had the power over, it wasn't his mother, on the contrary, she seemed rather scared of his mother and tries to create a fake image in order to please her.
The one she shows her real face, the one she holds the actual power over,
It was him.
The reason why she could hire her servant as his butler,
It wasn't because the Vesta Family or his mother was weak,
It was because he allowed her to.
He was the problem.
Vaan's narrowed his eyes, he wanted to kick this bitch out of his house because of her attitude, however, he decided to wait, he was impulsive with the butler before, but now, he needed to understand the situation first.
"I did not," Vaan replied. Waiting to see her reaction.
Seraphina sighed with a disappointed look on her face,
"You didn't, huh.
Well, I can understand, even though you are from the Vesta Family and are the son of the current head of the Family, you still do not possess much authority here."
Vaan raised his eyebrow when he heard those words.
"It seems like your mother does not trust you, but again, I can understand where she is coming from. You are only 20 years old after all. Even she herself was 25 when she took most of the family matters into her hands, she must be waiting for you to mature into a fine young man before she put more trust in you."
Seraphina nodded with an understanding look on her face.
"Anyways, I heard you beat Aldric up. Did he do anything to annoy you?"
"He was disrespectful," Vaan replied.
A slightly surprised look appeared on Seraphina's face, soon, however, her expression returned to normal and she smiled,
"Right, that is correct. He dared to be disrespectful in front of the Young Master of the Vesta Family, he ought to be punished.
You did well." Seraphine praised.
Vaan simply nodded.
There were many things in his mind, however, he decided to stay silent, today, he was just going to observe.
Seraphina continued to talk about more matters, however, she soon realized that Vaan was a little out of it today, thinking that it was probably because of the matter with Aldric, she decided not to waste her time and stood up.
Vaan didn't stop her either, the two of them said their goodbyes, and Seraphina finally left.
And once she did, Astra walked into the room and questioned with a curious look on her face,
"Do you recall who she is now?"
"Sera."



Chapter 8 T This this actually works
"Do you recall who she is now?"
"Sera."
Vaan replied what came to his mind.
"Sera huh, so you do remember her."
Astra spoke, her expression seemed a little… strange.
"I don't." Vaan shook his head.
"That name just instinctively came into my mind. I do not know who that girl is or what kind of relationship I have with her."
Hearing those words, Astra's expression returned to normal. No, Vaan even felt like she looked slightly relieved.
"What kind of relationship do you feel like you have with her?" Astra questioned with a curious look on her face.
"It is hard to guess."
"Hmm? Why is that?"
"She acted like she was close to me, but something didn't feel right."
Astra raised her eyebrow in slight surprise,
"Explain more clearly, what do you feel about that girl."
"That girl… she is suspicious."
Vaan spoke out his thoughts.
"Suspicious?"
Astra tilted her head in confusion.
"I do not know how to explain it, the way she asked if I had gotten what she wanted, then acted disappointed when she realized I didn't, and then acted like she understands and forgave me. In that whole conversation, she acted like I failed to meet her expectation and she was the bigger person who forgave me, when in truth, she was the one who asked for the favor in the first place.
Then she talked about you, she indirectly compared me to you, then insinuated that you do not fully trust me and I need more time to 'earn' your trust, it was as if she was trying to create a ridge between the two of us.
That girl…
She is definitely up to no good."
Vaan explained.
"Heh, to think you would say that about Sera or all the people."
Astra chuckled.
"You used to regard her as the most important person in your life."
"That can't be true, the most important person in my life is my mother." Vaan was quick to answer.
Hearing those words, Astra couldn't help but smile.
"You have gotten good at buttering me up. I feel scared now."
"I am not buttering you up, Mother. You are the most important person to me, you are someone I absolutely cannot lose again."
"Again?" Astra's expression changed.
"N-No, I meant that even if I did some stupid things before, I am different now." Vaan quickly corrected himself.
A small smile appeared on Astra's face.
"Do you think you will be the same once you get your memory back?"
"I will," Vaan replied with a confident look on his face.
 He was not planning to go anywhere now. He would stay here with his mother for a long time.
"Well then, the Healers are here, shall we go?"
"Healers?" Vaan frowned.
"Mhm, the people who would help you get your memories back."
'Huh?' Vaan couldn't understand.
That was possible?
Why was his mother acting like it is something that can be done with a snap of one's fingers? Don't they usually need long therapy sessions to get something like that? Also, it is not like he can simply recall all the memories, there is no way he could do that since he is not the real Vaan in the first place.
"What are you thinking about? Let's go." Suddenly, Astra held Vaan's hand and took him to a certain room.
Inside the room, there sat 3 people wearing white robes.
'Is this a cult or something?' Vaan questioned inwardly.
He looked around and noticed that there was no one else inside the room except for him, his mother, and these 3 white robbed men.
'Are they the ones mother called to help me get my memory back? How are they going to help me? They don't even have any medical instruments around.'
This all seemed… foolish.
Did his mother seriously believe in these kinds of stuff?
'Whatever, as long as she is happy.'
Vaan sighed.
"Go sit on the chair."
Astra spoke, Vaan nodded and sat on the chair. The three white-robed men extended their hands toward them,
"Heal."
They spoke at the same time.
'Heh, not even some inaudible words that you can call a chant, huh? Even if they are trying to scam people, shouldn't they try to be smarter about it?
So what's gonna happen now?
A white light would come to me and heal all my wounds under the name of the holy god? Kek, stupid things like these are always so entertaining to watch, to think I would be a part of all this someday.'
Vaan giggled inwardly, but suddenly,
"!!!"
His eyes widened in surprise,
A white light came out of the bodies of these white-robed men, the energy then moved and surrounded Vaan's body.
'Is this some sort of VFX?'
Vaan wondered, however, suddenly, a powerful sense of comfort washed over his body. The places where his body felt sore, some injuries that weren't properly tended to or needed more time to heal naturally, they all healed in an instant.
'T-This… this actually works!?'
Vaan's eyes widened in fright.
What he just said as a joke actually happened!!
This... This is real Magic!!
Vaan couldn't believe it.
However, he didn't have the time to process all this,
There was a bigger problem he had to deal with.
Suddenly, new waves of information rushed into his mind,
'NO!'
Suddenly, Vaan shouted in his head.
This Magic, it was working!
He had started recalling things, if it continued, it was not impossible for his mind to be overwhelmed by all these new memories of a different person and he might end up losing his sense of self.
He had to stop this magic!
He had to get out of here!
With that thought in his mind, he tried to move, soon, however, he realized that he couldn't move his body.
"You cannot move when the Heal is being cast on you, it could be dangerous," Astra spoke, a small magic circle could be seen on the top of her hand.
Binding Magic.
Vaan's heartbeat quickened because of how scared he was.
He wanted to stay in this place a little longer.
However, he knew he couldn't break away from his mother's magic.
That was simply impossible because…
His mother, Astra Elicia Vesta, was one of the strongest Mages in the world!
'Fuck it! I'll endure it all myself!'
In the end, Vaan just prepared himself for all the memories that would rush into his mind.
He swore in his heart.
No matter what, he wouldn't forget his sense of self.



Chapter 9 Astras Decision
Vaan tightly closed his eyes as he prepared his mind for more fragments of memories that were about to be flooded into his brain.
'I am Christopher! I am from Earth! I am 31 years old! I am Christopher! I am from...'
He continued to chant these sentences in his mind, the white light continued to heal his body, his body was practically bathing in comfort, it was so relaxing that Vaan almost lost control over his body and was about to sleep.
However, he quickly bit his lips to keep himself conscious.
He wouldn't fall for it.
Soon, his body got used to this comforting feeling, no, something was wrong. There was no way this sense of comfort would suddenly feel weak just because his body got used to it.
Vaan opened his eyes and noticed that the intensity of the white light had decreased a lot.
The white-robed men sitting in front of him opened their eyes, then, they glanced at Astra and,
"Young Master Vaan should be perfectly alright now."
'Huh?'
Vaan frowned in confusion.
It was over?
But the fragments of memories that he was so scared about never appeared? Only a part of them appeared, but he still does not recall everything. So how did it end? Did the magic fail? No, the expressions the 3 white-robed men were making weren't of people who had failed and were trying to con their clients.
"Vaan, how do you feel?"
Astra questioned.
"I… I do not…
I only recall a few things, I think the magic stopped midway." Vaan answered honestly.
"That is incorrect, Young Master Vaan. If the magic had stopped midway as you said, your body wouldn't have healed completely either. The Magic related to memory and the mind can be complicated.
If we flood your mind with all the memories together, it might harm you. You will automatically recall everything in parts after some time. I recommend you read books and broaden your horizons. Reading is a good way to train your brain, the stronger your brain is, the smoother the process of memory recovery will be."
One of the white robbed men spoke.
"Then… does that mean I will get to keep my current personality if I read and train my brain?" Vaan questioned after a moment of hesitation.
He wanted to figure things out on his own, however, right now, the stakes were too high. A chance to stay with his mother in a completely new world, he couldn't take any risks.
"That is difficult, Young Master Vaan."
The white robbed man, however, didn't have a clear answer.
"The memory you want you recover is the memories of the time you spent in the past 20 years, the personality you created in all those years would definitely be more powerful than your current personality that has only been created for at most a day."
"So it all depends on the amount of memory I have in my mind, the higher one wins?"
"Well, that's a crude way to put it. There are some other theories and things to consider but in the main essence, you are not wrong."
The white robbed man nodded.
Vaan smiled inwardly.
Heh, to think he would be this lucky.
This body was only 20 years old, he, on the other hand, had 31 years of memory in his mind, his personality, it should be stronger than the 20-year-old personality.
Vaan then glanced at his reflection in the nearby mirror, then, he looked into his golden eyes and,
'I do not know how I got into your body, but,
I will be taking over your life now.
I apologize, but you can only blame yourself for getting entangled with a selfish jerk.'
 Vaan's decision was now stronger than ever.
"Of course, if you do train and strengthen your brain to a certain extent, there is still a decent chance that you will get to keep a part of your current personality."
The white-haired man who thought the Vaan was disappointed because of the lost expression that had appeared on his face, replied.
"I understand. Thank you for your help, Sir Healer."
Vaan nodded.
Hearing those words, the 3 Healers seemed quite surprised. Soon, however, their expressions returned to normal. They all nodded, then, they left the room after saying their goodbyes to Astra.
"Mother."
Vaan called out the moment the healers left the room.
"We have a library in our Mansion, correct? I want to read more books."
"You seem pretty determined."
"I promised you, didn't I? I will not change even after I get my memories back. You are now stuck with me, mother."
Astra chuckled as she patted Vaan's head.
She didn't know if what she was doing was correct or not.
Her son lost all his memories and now had a completely different personality than before. It wasn't wrong to say that the child in front of her was not her son but someone else. As a mother, she should be wishing for her son to regain his previous personality, the personality of her own, actual son.
However, these past few hours that she had spent with her son… honestly, these past few hours had filled her heart with so much warmth that she couldn't even describe it.
The look in Vaan's eyes as he glanced at her. That love and longing in his eyes, it was something she had never seen in Vaan's eyes before.
Honestly, it didn't feel like Vaan was a child who had lost his memories and had a completely blank mind, it felt like Vaan's new personality was someone else, a someone who was filled with nothing but love and longing for her and not only that, she felt a strange bond with this 'someone else', a bond that shouldn't have been formed in mere few hours.
It was as if… she had been raising this child for ages but they somehow got separated from each other.
Astra didn't know what to do,
It was a battle between heart and brain.
But after long consideration, her heart won,
"There is a better way to strengthen your brain and keep your personality."



Chapter 10 Do you fear me
"There is a better way to strengthen your brain and keep your personality."
After thinking about this for all this time, Astra finally decided. In the battle where her brain supported the previous Vaan and her heart that wanted the current Vaan, her heart won.
"What is it?" The moment Vaan heard Astra's words, his eyes brightened up and he questioned.
Seeing those eyes, Astra couldn't help but smile, this expression… it was something she never expected Vaan would make in front of her. Just seeing those eyes filled her with happiness.
"Learn about the world from your own perspective," Astra answered.
"What do you mean?"
"Reading books might be a good way to train your brain, however, reading random books without any actual plan wouldn't do much.
Currently, your mind is a huge blank that doesn't know anything, it is better to fill that blank in your mind.
Read things that would help you do that and along with that, experience the world. Go out and experience things that the previous you had experienced, create your own perceptions on different things, this way, your mind wouldn't be overpowered that easily and your sense of self would strengthen."
"Create my own perception…" Vaan repeated Astra's words as he thought about it.
Honestly, the chances that he would retain his personality after he inherits all the memories of the previous Vaan were pretty high, however, he still wanted to be sure of it. There was no room for mistake.
"Mother, can you hide the fact that I lost my memories?"
Suddenly, Vaan questioned.
He knew how difficult this request was. The servants already had an idea about it, then there were the healers, not to mention that Sera, though she didn't know that he lost his memories but she still met him, the news related to people from the rich family often spreads faster than normal and it gets impossible to contain after a certain time.
However,
This world had Magic.
And his mother was one of the Strongest Mages in the entire world.
Vaan betted on that fact,
"Why do you want to do that?"
And just as he expected, Astra didn't outright reject his request either and asked for his reasons instead,
"I want to experience life as Vaan."
Vaan's answer was simple.
Astra glanced at Vaan's determined expression, then, she smiled,
"Alright, I will do it.
No one will remember you beating Aldric up and the events after that, not even Aldric."
"No one will remember…?"
Vaan tilted his head in confusion. He only wanted to contain this information and stop it from spreading any further, but to think his mother directly decided to play with others' memories.
"I will take care of all the things here, you do not need to worry. I will also appoint one of my most trusted butlers to serve you. I will not alter his memories since he is trustworthy, that way, you can ask for his help if you ever find yourself stuck in a complicated situation."
"I understand." Vaan nodded.
"Alright, now return to your room and get some rest."
"No, I want to go to the library."
"Don't push yourself too hard, Vaan."
"I am not pushing myself, mother. I know my body well, that white light helped me freshen up, I am as good as new right now." Vaan spoke as he patted his biceps.
Astra chuckled, then, she clapped 2 times.
A servant walked in,
 "Take Young Master Vaan to the library, make sure he does not leave until he spends more than 2 hours in there."
She spoke as she glared at Vaan with an annoyed and angry look on her face.
Vaan frowned, soon, however, he realized what Astra was trying to do and,
"I do not want to-"
"Silence," Astra ordered, her voice seemed a little heavier than normal.
Vaan's body moved on its own and his mouth closed up. Vaan was surprised, to think his mother would use magic. If he didn't know any better, he would have thought that she was actually angry.
"Take him away," Astra ordered.
The servant nodded and,
"Young Master Vaan, please follow me."
He spoke.
Vaan glared at the servant. The servant's body twitched, however, seeing that Lady Astra was here, he overcame his fear and pointed at the door with a respected look on his face.
Vaan snorted, then, he walked out of the room. The servant followed behind him.
Astra, who saw everything chuckled, then, her expression suddenly turned solemn and,
"Call the Obsidian Order."
The shadow under her body trembled a little and Astra walked out of the room as well.
…
"It looks like you fear me."
On the other side, Vaan, who was following the servant questioned with a curious look on his face.
"N-No, why would I f-fear you, Young Master?" The servant replied.
"So you do not fear me?" Vaan narrowed his eyes.
"N-No! That's not it!" The servant panicked.
"What is it, make it clear, do you fear me, or do you not fear me?"
Vaan questioned, from his tone, he sounded irritated.
"I-I am loyal to Young Master Vaan, I have no reason to fear you since I always have your best interest in my mind. I only fear that the young master will be disappointed in me."
The servant shouted his answer as if he had crammed it for ages.
Vaan raised his eyebrow in amazement, that was definitely a good answer to get out of this situation. With how the servant reacted, this wasn't the first time this servant was dealing with something like this.
Vaan also noticed that all the other servants were strangely intimidated by him. Even the servants who weren't present when he beat Aldric up were the same.
Vaan understood,
They were not scared of the current him, but the previous him.
And Vaan couldn't understand the reason behind it.
Aldric and the other servants, their attitudes towards him were completely different.
How can one person be so intimidating to some and be a pushover in front of others? Was that even possible?
"T-This is the library, Young Master."
Vaan came out of his reverie as he heard the servant's words.
Without saying anything, he walked in.
The servant followed behind, then, Vaan turned towards the servant and questioned with an annoyed look on his face,
"I can at least choose the books I wish to read, correct?"
"Y-Yes, please read whatever you wish, Young Master. That person over there is the librarian, if you tell him what topics you are interested in, he will bring you the most suitable books for the said topics."



Chapter 11 The Vesta Family
Vaan spent the next 5 hours in the library. He was not much of a reader in his previous life, however, he had seen something that surprised him to his core.
He still could vividly remember how that white light surrounded and healed his injuries, the magic circle that appeared on top of his mother's hand as she froze his movement.
Magic…
This world was actually a fantasy world where magic exists!
Shooting Fire from his hands and flying in the sky! Wasn't it a man's dream!?
How could he not wish to learn more about it!?
Not to mention doing so would help him 'create his own perspective'.
Truthfully, Vaan wanted to start off with learning Magic, however, he knew he couldn't do that. Before that, he needed to build basic common sense of this world, and for that, he needed to learn more about this world and its history.
That was why, he spent these 5 hours reading about that.
While reading about the world, he also learned more about the family he was born into, the Vesta Family.
The name of this world was Agresia.
In Agresia, immortal beings with unnatural strength, or in other words, Gods, exist.
The Gods respond to their loyal worshipers, giving a boost to their worshipers' strength. There were many Gods, the God of Light, the God of Darkness, the God of Swords, God of Speed, and many more.
There was also a God of Magic.
Each God has a different church worshiping them, these churches are spread all over Agresia and no Kingdom had any power or influence over them.
People go to these churches to worship the God they believe in, if their faith is high and their resolve is strong, the Gods blessed them with strength.
Due to these blessings, Agresia and its people advanced quickly.
Just like any other Gods, there was a church dedicated to the God of Magic as well, it was called the Tower of Magic.
The mages who believed in the God of Magic went into the Tower of Magic and freely pursued the field of Magic.
But then one day, the God of Magic, the God with the highest number of believers right after the God of Light suddenly stopped answering his believers' calls.
No matter what the believers did, no matter how strong their faith and resolve were, no matter how badly they needed their God's help, the God of Magic never blessed them.
With that, the decline of Magic started.
Since no God blessed the Mages, they could only grow on their own. However, against the other believers, who were blessed by their respective gods, the Mages were at the short end of the stick.
Due to this, Mages' faith started withering.
Many stopped pursuing the art of Magic and shifted to other Gods. Seeing this, the other churches moved as well and actively started poaching the believers of God of Magic.
Under the combined attacks of other believers blessed by their Gods, the Mages left in the Tower of Magic had a hard time defending themselves. The weak-minded Mages left the Tower of Magic, the strong-minded ones died while fighting for the God that had stopped listening to their calls.
The Branches of the Tower of Magic, which were spread all over Agresia had fallen, however, none dared to attack the headquarters of the Tower of Magic.
That was because the Archmage, Alienora Vesta, the Leader of the Tower of Magic, was still alive.
She alone was strong enough to fight against the leaders of all the churches together, even when they were blessed by their gods.
Her achievements in Magic were so high that she was hailed as the strongest being in Agresia even without the blessing of the God of Magic.
Her name was written down as one of the strongest beings in the history of Agresia.
Her presence alone kept the Tower of Magic alive.
However, no matter how strong she was, she was not immortal, her age caught up with her and she passed away.
With her death, the Tower of Magic finally fell.
The other churches tried to take over their resources and treasures, however, the new leader of the Vesta Family didn't let that happen, the son of Alienora Vesta, although not as strong as his mother, he was still strong enough to resist other forces and protect the remains of Tower of Magic.
 And things didn't stop there, the Vesta Family continued to produce geniuses after geniuses, although the Mages could not receive the blessing of the God of Magic, the legacy left behind by Alienora was enough for them to defend themselves.
In the end, the other churches decided to give up.
The Vesta Family was too strong, fighting them came with dire consequences, the gains did not equal the losses.
The Vesta Family became the new home for Magic, the only difference being that they didn't worship any god, they were independent and were now hailed as one of the strongest families in Agresia with 5000 years of rich history and heritage.
And Vaan's mother, Astra Elicia Vesta, was the head of the current Vesta Family.
Vaan didn't realize the weight that this title bore before since he only thought that his family was richer than normal, however, after learning the history of the world, he finally realized the truth.
His mother, she was incredible.
Becoming the Head of the Vesta Family, not to mention she was hailed as one of the better Heads compared to some past heads, she was beyond impressive.
The more Vaan read, the more his heart fluttered in joy.
'To think my mother is this impressive. I cannot lag behind either.' A determined expression appeared on Vaan's face.
He finally looked at the time and seeing that 5 hours had passed, he raised his eyebrow in surprise.
Then, he sat up from his chair.
He looked around and realized that the library was empty, even the librarian was not there.
Seeing this, he frowned, he then walked out of the library.
"It has been a while, Young Master Vaan."
Vaan heard a voice. He turned around and his eyes then fell on an old man who wore a butler's uniform.
"Ah, you may not remember me, so let me introduce myself, my name is Ga-"
"Gabel," Vaan muttered.
"Young Master you regained your memories?" Gabel questioned with a surprised look on his face.
"I did not, I only know that you were my butler and used to serve me before… then… something happened and you didn't serve me anymore…" Vaan spoke with a slight frown on his face.
These new memories, they were messing up his head. It was as if he was slowly unlocking new information in an unordered fashion. He was having a hard time registering all of them.
"I served you until you dismissed me and announced that Aldric would be the one who would serve you," Gabel replied.
"Though now I am back again.
I am quite pesky, Young Master." He joked.
Vaan chuckled,
"I am glad you are back, Gabel."
This man seemed a lot better than that Aldric person.
"Anyways, Young Master, there is something I wish to report. It is a message from Lady Astra." Suddenly, Gabel spoke with a serious look on his face.
"What is it?"
"She has done what you asked for, other than you, Lady Astra, and me, no one knows that you have lost your memories."
"Already?" Vaan couldn't believe it.
Gable, however, just smiled,
"Don't underestimate your mother, Young Master. There is a reason she became the head of the family even though she was the youngest daughter the previous head."



Chapter 12 Lady Astra never gave up on you
"Don't underestimate your mother, Young Master. There is a reason she became the head of the family even though she was the youngest daughter of the previous head."
Gabel spoke with a smile on his face. It seemed like he was genuinely happy about Astra's progress.
"She is the youngest daughter? Then does that mean she has more siblings?" Vaan questioned with a frown on his face.
There were vague memories in his head, he knew he had a father and knew about some servants who used to serve him, however, nowhere in his head did he have the slightest idea that he had uncles and aunts as well.
"Lady Astra has 2 more siblings, one is her sister, Risia Vesta, your Aunt, and the other is the oldest brother, Draven Vesta, your uncle. She also has 6 cousins, 4 brothers, and 2 sisters, all of them are your uncles and aunts as well."
Vaan raised his eyebrow. Then, with a doubtful look on his face, he questioned,
"How many siblings do I have…?"
"None."
Gable replied.
"Hmm?"
"After you were born, for some reason, Lady Astra was unable to conceive. You have no real siblings, but on the other hand, you have 8 Family Cousins and 15 nonfamily cousins."
"Family and nonfamily cousins?" Vaan frowned. This was the first time he was hearing these terms.
"The cousins who bore the name of Vesta Family are Family Cousins, whereas Cousins who do not bore Vesta Family name due to various reasons like leaving the family, worshiping a God, or belonging to your father's side's family, are all non-family cousins," Gabel replied politely.
"That's… quite a large family," Vaan commented.
In his previous life, it was just him, his mother, and his father, there were no other family members.
"The Vesta Family has a rich legacy of 5000 years, of course, it will be a large family. If it weren't for some members not taking the Vesta Family name, it would have been an even larger family."
Gabel replied.
"Not taking the Family Name? Why would they do it? Is Vesta Family not one of the strongest families in the world? Why would anyone not take the family name?"
"They are simply not worthy to." Gabel shrugged.
"The Vesta Family is known for producing Magic Prodigies, however, not every person carrying the Vesta Blood excels in magic.
The competition in Vesta Family is fierce, not everyone is able to keep up. Those who fail to do so often end up taking the easier path and start worshiping different Gods to gain strength. With that, they also give up the right to inherit the family name." Gabel explained.
"Fierce competition huh."
Vaan spoke with a confident smile on his face.
Fierce competition, just this term was enough to get his blood boiling.
He had been living a rough life for the past 7 years after all. It was obvious that he would have a few screws loose in his head.
"So? How strong am I? How was I doing in this so-called fierce competition?"
Vaan questioned with a big smile on his face.
"…"
Gabel, however, didn't reply.
Seeing his expression, Vaan frowned.
"Gabel." He called out.
"Y-Yes Young Master?" Gabel replied.
"Answer my question."
"Ah, right, you see, the nonfamily cousins are the cous-"
"Gabel, since you have answered all my questions so patiently, I have taken a liking to you. Don't disappoint me now.
 I do not wish to dismiss you again."
Gabel glanced at Vaan for a while, then,
"Do you really wish to know that, Young Master? You do not have to worry yourself over this right now, Lady Astra is capable of taking care of it."
"Just be honest with me."
Vaan urged.
"You are at dead last, Young Master. Honestly, according to the other family members, you have no right to inherit the Vesta Family name, however, Lady Astra has been using her authority to protect you from all that."
"I am at last position?"
Seeing Gabel's reaction, Vaan knew that the things were bad, but… to be dead last…
"Am I really that untalented?"
Vaan couldn't help but question.
"Quite the opposite, Young Master." Gabel, however, shook her head.
"According to Lady Astra, you are a never seen before genius."
"Huh?" Vaan frowned in confusion.
"Both your parents have black hair, your mother has black eyes, while your father has brown eyes, you, on the other hand, were born with these violet hair and golden eyes, your facial structure did match your parents a little, therefore nobody could say anything, however, some people still doubted Lady Astra. Not that Lady Astra paid any attention to those people.
She had another theory in her mind.
The Ancestor of the Vesta Family, the strongest Mage the world had ever seen, the Archmage Alienora Vesta, she was born with pale violet hair and light golden eyes.
Lady Astra theorized that purple hair and golden eyes represented Magic Talent, and since your hair and eye color are brighter and more significant, she said that your potential may surpass even that of the Archmage.
Of course, all of this was just Lady Astra's theory, and not many believed that theory.
The world had never seen a mage that even touched Lady Alienora's feet when it came to magic achievements, so believing a theory that said someone whose talents surpass hers is born, people found it ridiculous.
Your poor results made them even more surer.
However, to this day, Lady Astra still believes in her theory."
"Hmm? Why is that? Shouldn't my results have made it clear?" Vaan couldn't understand. He knew his mother would support him no matter what, however, he also knew that his mother was an intelligent woman.
If his results were hopeless, then she should realize that she had made a mistake and her theory was wrong.
There was no point in sticking to false hope, that would only disappoint her in the future.
"Your result is the consequence of your own laziness, Young Master. No matter how talented, the study of magic needed effort, and you were someone who was absolutely unwilling to put in any effort.
You got fed up with sitting in the library and gave up on magic.
However, your talent was so ridiculously high that even without putting in any actual effort, you still managed to become a 1st Circle Mage when you were 18.
Although not comparable to children of the Vesta Family, your results are still above average compared to normal mages.
And this is you not doing anything, imagine what would happen if you actually put in the effort?
Lady Astra never gave up on you and secretly hoped that you would someday rise up to her expectation and become an excellent mage."
Vaan smiled inwardly.
His mother, not only does she look like his past mother, she acts the same as well. Suddenly, a determined expression appeared on Vaan's face.
He would not let her mother down.
"Putting in the effort huh."
Thinking about that, Vaan turned around and walked into the library again.



Chapter 13 Dont overdo it
"Putting in the effort huh."
Thinking about that, Vaan turned around and walked into the library again.
"Where are you going, Young Master?"
Gabel questioned.
"To do what I should have done way before, put in the effort."
Saying those words, Vaan closed the doors of the library and shut himself up.
He had learned about the basic history of this world, and he planned to continue the rest later, however, now that he had the basic idea about the situation, he decided to change his plans.
Magic.
He needed to learn magic as soon as possible.
With that thought in his mind, Vaan grabbed a few books. History of Magic, Basics of Magic, Elements of Magic, How to use Magic, How to Advance in Magic, with all these thick books in his hand, he walked towards a particular table and sat down.
Then, with a determined expression on his face, he started reading.
The History of Magic was not much, it only mentioned the names of strong Mages and their life experiences, how the mages carried the legacies, how new and better spells were created using past knowledge, and all that.
Most of these Mages mentioned in the book were from the Vesta Family.
Vaan was not very interested in the topic so he just skimmed through the book.
Soon, Vaan shifted to books like Basics of Magic, Elements of Magic, How to Use Magic, and other more practical books, reading these books, Vaan finally felt like he actually learned something.
The most important thing he learned was the power scale of a Mage.
In this world, a Mage's strength is measured by the number of Magic Circles he can summon. The naming wasn't unnecessarily complicated, the Mages kept it simple.
A Mage's journey was divided into 3 Phases.
Basic Mage, Intermediate Mage, and Advance Mage.
A Basic Mage has 4 Levels.
1st Circle Mage
2nd Circle Mage
3rd Circle Mage
4th Circle Mage
An Intermediate Mage has 2 Levels.
5th Circle Mage
6th Circle Mage
An Advance Mage also had 2 Levels.
7th Circle Mage
8th Circle Mage.
Vaan's mother, Astra Elysia Vesta, was a Peak 7th Circle Mage who was about to become an 8th Circle Mage and reach the peak of Magic.
Vaan, on the other hand, was only a 1st Circle Mage, and even that first circle was currently unstable.
Thinking about it, Vaan couldn't help but chuckle self-depreciatingly.
To think a 20-year-old boy of the Vesta Family, a direct son of the Family head at that, was only a 1st Circle Mage…
It was indeed embarrassing.
 This result may be considered normal or even above average in normal families, but in the Vesta Family, where usually a 14 to 15-year-old child forms his or her 1st Mana Circle, this was a pathetic result.
Vaan sighed, then, he closed his eyes, his body instincts took over, and the Mana around him rushed into his body, Vaan was able to sense the Mana circulating around his body.
'These are my Mana Veins…'
He realized.
The Mana moved around his Mana Veins and once it circled all around the body, a red-colored Magic Circle formed in front of Vaan's eyes, he extended his hands towards the Mana Circle, the Mana that had circled throughout his Body rushed into the Magic Circle, forming a strange pattern, the Magic Circle shined brightly as the patterns inside it rotated mysteriously, soon, the temperature around Vaan suddenly rose and,
*Flicker*
From the center of the Magic Circle, a flicker of flames was ignited.
The flames grew intense with each passing second, Vaan's golden eyes shined in awe as the glow of the flames fell on his face, however, suddenly,
*Whoosh*
The Flames disappeared.
The Magic Circle that was shining brightly broke apart.
Vaan frowned in confusion.
Soon, however, he understood the problem.
Whatever he did right now, it was done by following the instincts and muscle memory of this body, he himself had close to no knowledge about the Magic or the Spell he was casting.
In other words, this Magic Circle, it was not his, but of the previous Vaan.
Someone like him, who was from Earth and had never seen or experienced something like this before, would not be able to use it.
Not until he learns all the theory behind it.
And of course, learning all that theory was not a simple task.
'It doesn't matter, although I started late, it doesn't mean nothing can be done. I just need to work hard.'
With that thought in his mind, Vaan grabbed Basics of Magic, How to Use Magic, and Forming your First Magic Circle, and started reading.
Just like that, 12 more hours passed by.
"Young Master."
Vaan, who was still reading the Basics of Magic with a resolute look on his face was interrupted by a voice.
With deep dark circles under his eyes, Vaan glanced at Gabel who had appeared next to him,
"Your meal."
Gabel spoke up as he pointed at the table he had dragged in.
"Huh? You came here by yourself?" Vaan frowned.
"The previous servants I sent feel intimidated by you, especially since this is the first time you have spent so much time in the library."
Gabel chuckled.
"Heh."
Vaan laughed.
"Leave it here, I will eat once I read this part."
He ordered.
"That is enough, continue the rest tomorrow."
Suddenly, Vaan heard another voice.
"Mother." He smiled as he glanced at his mother who just walked into the library.
"Eat and then go to bed, you are not allowed to sit in the library anymore," Astra ordered.
"But moth-"
Vaan wanted to go retort, however, seeing Astra's eyes, he knew it was pointless.
"I understand." He could only bow his head.
"I am glad that you are working hard but keep this in mind,
You don't become a Master Swordsman if you continue to foolishly swing your sword for a long time, the only result you get out of it is tired arms that can't move anymore, a mind that cannot think, and a useless self who destroyed himself by overusing and overexerting his body.
Pushing your limits is good, however, over-pushing it will bite you back.
Becoming a Mage cannot be done by holing yourself up in the library for a day, it takes time."
Astra spoke.
"I understand mother. I was too reckless." Vaan replied.
Astra smiled.
"I do not wish to see those bags under your eyes, is that clear?"
"Yes." Vaan nodded.



Chapter 14 The First Spell
The next few days, Vaan followed a fixed schedule.
Wake up, read, learn the basic theory of magic, walk out of his room, and 'experience the world'. Honestly, he wasn't getting anything out of the 'experiencing the world part', it could be because whenever he goes out to experience, his mind always keeps thinking about the Magic theories he had read that day.
Since his mind was preoccupied, he couldn't gather much from going outside, and truthfully, Vaan had already realized that 'experiencing the world' didn't matter.
He had realized how his memories were working.
Every time he interacts with someone, he regains his memories of the said person. Of course, the more recent this memory is, the more clearly he remembers it.
The most interesting part about this memory doesn't affect his emotions or personality, he just 'knows' about the said person, he doesn't 'feel' what previous Vaan felt about the person. Because of this, Vaan was now sure that his personality won't be overpowered in any way, the previous Vaan was gone for good.
Therefore, focusing on magic became his priority.
Of course, spending some time with his mother once every two days, telling her about what he had learned while learning some points the book missed from her was one of the motivating factors that pushed him to do all this. The smile on his mother's face... it filled his heart with a strange sense of relief and contentment.
He felt like he was back in his 20-year-old self where he didn't have to worry about the different problems he and his men were facing.
'Alright. Let's do this.'
Vaan muttered in his head as he closed his eyes.
It had already been 12 days since he came to this world, he had learned most of the basic theory related to magic, now, it was time to actually implement it.
Vaan took a deep breath, then, he recalled the content he had read and started.
Casting a spell was divided into 3 steps.
First, a Mage has to absorb the Mana in their surroundings through the pores in his body, the Mana they absorbed is then collected into their Mana Veins, then, to strengthen his control over this Mana, a Mage needs to move the Mana stored in his Mana Veins all around his body, then, he needs to release the refined Mana and form a Circle.
This process of taking in the raw Mana and refining it to make it useable is called Initiation.
This was the step Vaan had already mastered since his body already remembered this process because of previous Vaan.
What troubled him was the second step, Forming the Circle.
This is where previous Vaan and his thoughts collided.
Every Mage had a different interpretation of their Magic Circle, a Mage cannot simply copy another Mage's Circle, therefore, Vaan had to create his own Circle.
Of course, after working relentlessly, reading all the theories about how Circle worked, how to create one, and other magic theories, Vaan had already prepared the Magic Circle that would work for him, however, the problem was, while his brain remembers the Circle he had created, his body remembered the previous Vaan's Circle.
Whenever he tries to form a Circle, his body moves on its own and forms the Circle created by the previous Vaan.
And since he had less than a second to create the Magic Circle, this clash between the Body and the Brain made it impossible for him to create the circle in the set amount of time.
Today, however, Vaan was confident.
No matter what, today, he was going to form his Magic Circle.
Once he was done moving the Mana all around his body, he released the refined Mana, he glanced at the Magic Circle that he had drawn on the paper in front of him.
This was the Magic Circle he had prepared after studying for 10 whole days, a drop of sweat appeared on Vaan's forehead.
He imagined the Mana in the air moving and creating the Magic Circle that was in front of him, a blurry magic circle formed in front of him, then, without waiting for a single second, he released the Mana he had refined just now into the Magic Circle.
The Magic Circle became clearer and clearer, and soon,
A perfect Magic Circle was formed.
Vaan's eyes shined in excitement, however, he didn't lose his composure.
So what if he succeeded in the Second Step?
It didn't mean he was going to fail in the last step and try everything later, he was going to succeed in one go!
With that thought in his mind, Vaan proceeded with the last step,
Execution.
 The first two steps, Initiation and Forming a Circle were something that after some practice, the Mages simply ignore because those steps never change.
A Mage gets habitual and after some time, these two steps almost come instinctively.
The Last Step, the Execution, however, was different.
This was where a Mage has to concentrate since this is the step where what kind of spell a Mage would cast is decided.
Vaan moved his refined Mana into the Magic Circle, this time however, he didn't just blindly inject the Mana inside, this time, he injected the Mana in a form of pattern, in simpler words, he was using Mana as ink and was drawing patterns inside the Magic Circle he had created.
Mages call these patterns the Language of Magic, or Magic Language.
Each pattern had a different meaning, a Mage first imagines what kind of spell he wishes to cast, then, he researches and finds the correct pattern he would need to use to cast what he wishes, then, he uses Mana to draw these patterns inside the Magic Circle he had formed, and that is how a Magic spell is cast.
The chances of failing in the last step are high, especially for a new Mage.
Of course, all the Mages know what Pattern they need to Cast the Spell, however, the problem was drawing the said Magic Pattern inside the Magic Circle.
This process requires an extremely high level of Mana Control and new mages often get stuck in this step, for years even.
Honestly, although he didn't wish for it, Vaan knew the chances that he failed in this step were high.
However,
'Hm?'
The moment Vaan released his Mana, it moved freely and started forming the exact same pattern that he was thinking in his head.
Vaan frowned.
This…
Wasn't this a little too easy...?
Soon, the 'Drawing the Magic Pattern inside the Circle' part was completed…
That meant,
The famed last step, the 'Challenge' for the new Mages, Vaan completed it just like that.
The surrounding Mana moved, the temperature rose up,
And then,
*Flicker*
From the center of the Magic Circle, a flicker of Flames was created.
Vaan Astra Vesta,
Had successfully unleashed his first spell!



Chapter 15 The Little Fairy
*Flicker*
"Haa... Haha... Hahahaha!"
Vaan failed to control himself and laughed out loud as he realized that he had successfully cast his first spell.
"I... I succeeded!"
Vaan shouted in excitement as he couldn't get his eyes away from the flames burning in front of him.
These flames, they were a lot stronger than the flames he had summoned the first time when he used previous Vaan's muscle memory to cast a spell.
And this time, Vaan was sure, if he didn't wish for it or his Mana doesn't, the flames wouldn't disappear.
*Flicker* *Flicker*
After a minute or two, the flame flickered again. Vaan finally realized that his Mana was about to run out, therefore, he stopped releasing his Mana and the Flames and his Mana Circle disappeared.
With a confident smile on his face, Vaan absorbed Mana inside his body again, then Mana moved around his Body Veins, and a Magic Circle formed, he drew the patterns inside the Magic Circle and again,
*Flicker*
The Flames appeared again.
This time, the process was much smoother than the last time.
Vaan nodded in satisfaction.
His Mana ran out, he stopped his spell, then, he absorbed Mana again.
*Flicker*
Vaan continued this cycle like a madman.
And who could blame him?
His Hard work had finally paid off.
He could use Magic now.
He was officially a 1st Circle Mage now!
Even though he had only learned 1 spell and it was a simple spell that did nothing but summon flames, it was still progress.
And he had done it in just 12 days.
'Mother's theory was right. I am indeed a genius.'
Vaan had read about many Great Mages that had appeared throughout history, and none managed to cast their first spell in just 12 days.
Of course, he did have previous Vaan's muscle memory to help him out, his speed was still insane nonetheless.
Especially the Execution part, where a Mage is supposed to complete the circle using the Language of Magic, the process which needed a high level of magic control and was a 'Challenge' for all new Mages, a step that even the geniuses took months to master, Vaan could do it with just his mere thoughts.
The Mana moved as he wished, it expands if he wants, it contracts if he wants, it takes whatever shape he wants, and for all this, he didn't have to concentrate at all.
The step where most mages get stuck for years before they barely master it, Vaan could do it even if he is distracted by something else.
That was how ridiculously strong his Mana control was.
Thinking about it, Vaan couldn't help but laugh inwardly.
Vaan wanted to cast the spell again, however, just as he was about to do so, his eyes fell on something that made him curious.
In this dimly lit room, Vaan's eyes fell on another source of light.
A light that came from behind the curtains.
'Hmm?'
 Vaan's eyes fell on a small head that was peeking at him from those curtains.
Those big bright eyes that oozed innocence and doubt, the bright orange-red skin, and the hair that seemed like burning flames, Vaan wasn't much of a sucker for cute things, however, in front of this little creature, Vaan's heart melted.
Vaan found it funny how she was trying to hide behind the curtain but had absolutely no clue how the light emitting from her body was giving her away.
"Ahem Ahem." Vaan coughed.
Then, he started walking towards the little fairy with a curious look on his face.
The fairy's body flinched when she realized that Vaan had seen her, she panicked, it was as if she couldn't believe she had been found out.
She started looking around, as if she was trying to find a way to escape, however, seeing that Vaan was already close to her, she decided that she couldn't run away anymore and gave up.
Vaan carefully pulled the curtain back, revealing the fairy's body, she was no more than 10 cm in length, her body was orange-red in color, and she had a pair of white-orange wings that helped her float in the air.
She was surrounded by flames, those flames, however, did not feel burning hot, rather, Vaan felt strangely attracted to them.
Unconsciously, Vaan slowly moved his index finger toward the little creature, however, the moment the little creature realized what he was doing, her body flinched and she quickly backed away.
Vaan frowned in confusion.
This cute little fairy...
Why was she looking at him with those fearful eyes?
Soon, however, new fragments of memories rushed into Vaan's head and he understood.
'This sick bastard...'
Vaan cursed the previous Vaan as he clenched his fists in anger.



Chapter 16 Would your wings regrow if I pluck them
2 years ago, when Vaan was 18 years old, he was forced to sit inside the library as a punishment for creating trouble in family meetings, since he had nothing to do, he glanced at the Magic circle drawn in front of him.
The Mana around him rushed into his body, then, he moved it all around his body before finally creating a Magic Circle,
Honestly, Vaan never even thought about successfully casting a spell, he was just doing that as a means to pass his time.
However,
*Flicker*
Unknowingly, his spell worked.
His Magic Circle shined brightly and he successfully cast his first spell, officially becoming a 1st Circle Mage.
A Big smile appeared on Vaan's face.
"T-To think it was this easy! What were all those people making so much fuss about it then?"
Vaan spoke out loud.
He was quite proud of himself.
"Krrriiii~~"
Suddenly, Vaan heard a voice.
He looked around and his eyes fell on a little fairy, with orange-red skin, flames-like hair, red white pair of wings, the creature looked at Vaan with a big smile on her face, dancing around in excitement as if she was celebrating Vaan's achievement.
However, seeing this creature, Vaan's frowned,
"What the hell is that?"
He couldn't understand.
Soon, however, he stopped worrying about it.
Normal Mages practiced magic on a still target,
However, was he a normal Mage? He was someone who accomplished something that normal mages work their entire lifetime for within a matter of minutes.
He was a genius.
Why does he need to follow what normal mages do?
Vaan simply extended his arm towards the Fairy.
The Mana inside him rushed into the Magic Circle, the little fairy titled her head in confusion, Vaan's smile widened, and then,
*Whoosh*
He aimed the Fireball at the little fairy.
The Fairy, who seemed confused all this while widened her eyes in surprise, she couldn't believe that Vaan had attacked her like that.
Since she was in a completely defenseless state, the little fairy couldn't dodge in time either.
In the end, the fairy covered her face with her arms, preparing herself for the impact.
"Krrriii!!"
*Boom*
The Fireball collided with the little fairy.
"Aahaaa! Just as I thought, even hitting a moving target is not that difficult!"
Vaan shouted in joy as he clenched his fist.
The smoke then cleared up, Vaan glanced at the little Fairy, however, contrary to his expectation, the little fairy seemed completely fine. There was not a single injury or burn mark on her.
 Vaan frowned in confusion.
The Fairy herself seemed confused as well.
However, thinking that it was just Vaan playing a prank on her and that he never intended to harm her, a cheerful expression appeared on her face.
"Krrriii~~"
She exclaimed joyfully as she flew towards Vaan with her little arms extended towards him,
Vaan however, grabbed her from her hair. For some reason, he knew that even if he grabbed her flame-like hair, he wouldn't get hurt.
"Heeeh? To think you didn't get hurt even though I clearly hit you."
Vaan muttered.
The Fairy's expression changed again.
"Krrriii!"
It hurts!
Why was Vaan pulling her hair like this?
The Fairy couldn't understand.
Vaan however, continued to observe her and commented,
"And you seem to be made out of fire, but why aren't you hot? Is it some kind of magic? Interesting indeed."
The Fairy tried to move her little arms to try and get away from Vaan, however, her little arms which were barely 3 cm long didn't have the strength to do so, no matter how much she moved her limbs, Vaan, who had grabbed her from her hair with his thumb and an index finger didn't budge.
Not only that but seeing her resisting like that, Vaan's smile only got wider and wider.
He had found a new and interesting toy that he can play and pass his time with.
With that thought in his mind, Vaan moved his index finger right in front of the fairy's face.
"Krii?"
The little fairy frowned in confusion.
But then suddenly,
*Flick*
Vaan flicked her forehead. Of course, with the size of the little fairy, it wasn't just a little flick, it was as if someone threw a massive boulder on her face.
"Krrriiii!!"
The little fairy screamed in pain.
She has been around for a long time now. All this while, she tried to interact with so many people, however, no matter what she did, no one was able to see or touch her.
However, 2 years ago, when her eyes fell on Vaan, she naturally realized that once this man become a mage, he would be able to see and interact with her.
Because of that, she started following him.
She had been waiting for this for such a long time, all this while, she had been so lonely, not being able to interact with anyone was lonely and sad.
Therefore, she had been waiting for Vaan to quickly become a Mage. And today, she believed that it was her lucky day since Vaan was finally able to cast his first spell.
She appeared in front of him and just as she expected, he was able to see her.
Overjoyed, the Fairy tried to rush towards Vaan, however…
*Flick* *Flick* *Flick*
"Krrriiiii!!"
Vaan continued to hit her, making her scream in pain.
The fairy couldn't understand,
She didn't come here with any bad intentions.
Why was he doing this to her?
The fairy's eyes turned a little moist.
This made Vaan even more interested.
"Are these your wings?"
His eyes fell on the pair of white-red wings on the fairy's back, then, a demonic smile appeared on his face,
"Would they regrow if I pluck them?"
Vaan questioned to himself.
The fairy's eyes widened in horror.
"Krrriiiiii!!"
She tried moving around, desperately trying to free herself, however, no matter what she did, she was too weak. Tears rolled down her cheeks, her body trembling in fear while her wings fluttered in her desperation to get away.
Vaan, however, didn't care about her, rather, her resistance excited him even further, his hand moved towards her wings, however, just as he was about to touch and pull her wings off,
*Ding*
A clock's sound was heard.
Vaan's eyes fell on the clock, his expression brightened up,
"My punishment time is over."
He wanted to leave instantly, however, he couldn't possibly leave such an interesting toy away.
With that thought in his mind, he brought a Cage and locked her inside.
"I am going out for now, I will play with you when I return."
Saying those words, Vaan caged the little fairy into his room and walked away.
When he returned, the Cage was empty and the little Fairy was nowhere to be seen.



Chapter 17 I am a peace loving man
'This sick bastard...!'
Vaan couldn't help but curse in his head as he recalled this particular memory. He had done his fair share of evil deeds in his past life, however, doing something like that to someone who came to him with such innocent, pure, and jolly eyes…
Just what kind of sadistic bastard was he?
Vaan questioned inwardly.
His eyes then fell on the little fairy who seemed to be fearful of him and didn't know how to react.
In the end,
He just bowed his head,
"I apologize for what I did to you in the past. I am deeply ashamed of my actions."
He wasn't sure if this little fairy can understand what he was saying or not, however, somewhere in his mind, Vaan felt like she could understand his words.
Vaan glanced at the fairy, the fairy was now looking at him with a curious but doubtful look on her face.
Unconsciously, Vaan moved his index finger close to the little fairy again, this time, however, he did it very slowly. He could feel the fairy's body tensing up the closer his finger got to her, however, he could also feel that the fairy was trying to trust his words and was doing her best to not move away in fear.
Yes, the fairy could understand his words.
Vaan was sure about this.
Soon, his finger was within the fairy's reach. Vaan didn't move it too close to her face in order to prevent her from panicking.
The fairy continued to stare at his finger with a cautious look on her face.
Seeing that the finger had stopped right in front of her, the fairy stopped as well.
Her big bright eyes fell on Vaan, Vaan smiled as he nodded with a reassuring look on his face,
"I will not hurt you ever again, please give me another chance.
I wish to be your friend."
Vaan didn't know what it was, however, he could feel a strange connection with the fairy. The fairy continued to look into Vaan's eyes, Vaan didn't lose his patience either, in the end, with a trembling body, the fairy extended her little arms towards Vaan's index finger.
Vaan didn't move, soon, the fairy touched his finger with her hands.
"Krrriii~~" she exclaimed.
Her body seemed to have calmed down now.
Slowly, she moved her forehead close to Vaan's finger, then, after looking into his eyes one more time, she rubbed her forehead on his finger.
Vaan chuckled.
"Krrrrriii~~~"
The Fairy exclaimed again.
This time, her voice was a lot louder and more cheerful than before.
She then flew towards Vaan's face with a smile on her face, Vaan smiled back, he brought his hand near the fairy's legs, the fairy decided to trust him one more time and landed on his hand.
For some reason, Vaan felt a strange urge,
He moved his forehead next to the fairy, the fairy touched his forehead with her two hands, then, she touched his forehead with hers.
The two stayed in that position for a while.
Suddenly, the Mana that Vaan had gathered inside his Mana Veins started draining.
Vaan panicked, soon, however, he realized that it was the Fairy who was doing it.
"Krrrriiiii~~"
 The Fairy danced cheerfully as she drained all the Mana Vaan had stored inside his body.
Seeing this, Vaan couldn't help but smile.
"Did you like it that much?"
He questioned.
The Fairy turned towards him and nodded continuously.
"Krrii!"
"Do you want more?"
The Fairy's eyes brightened up as she nodded again.
Vaan took a deep breath and absorbed the surrounding Mana inside his body, then, he glanced at the Fairy, waiting for her to move.
The Fairy, however, stayed still. It was as if she was still waiting.
Vaan frowned.
Then, another theory popped into his mind, he circulated the Mana all around his body then glanced at the Fairy,
And just as he expected, the fairy placed her little forehead on his forehead again and started eating away his Mana again.
"More?" Vaan questioned.
"Krrrriiiii!!"
The greedy fairy nodded.
Vaan sighed, and for the next few minutes, he continued to feed the glutton Fairy with a smile on his face.
…
"Are you satisfied now?"
Vaan questioned.
"Krrrriiiii~~"
The little fairy nodded as she danced around with a jolly look on her face.
"Nic-"
"Haaah? What the hell are you talking about? What? Are you not happy after getting dismissed once? Do you want to be dismissed again? Look, I am not in a good mood, so don't annoy me. Go away."
Vaan heard a commotion outside his room.
"As I said, I was appointed by Family Head after you were injured. You are to wait for further orders now."
"The hell do you mean wait for further orders? You were here because I was injured, I am fine now, so you can leave."
"The family hea-"
"What is happening here?"
Vaan questioned as he opened the door and glanced at the two men causing the commotion.
"Young Master Vaan, it seems that Aldric recovered from the injuries he had sustained after he fell from the stairs that day,"
Gabel spoke, giving out the context of the story without raising any suspicions.
Vaan understood. That was the manipulated memory Astra's men had planted into Alric's head.
He then glanced at Aldric.
"Vaan, tell him to get away, he is annoying me."
Aldric spoke.
Hearing those words, Vaan's face twitched.
This bastard, since his memories have been altered with, he had forgotten what happened and is acting like his usual self again.
"Come in."
Vaan ordered.
Aldric frowned, he felt like Vaan's aura seemed different than normal. However, in the end, he just shrugged and walked into Vaan's room.
Vaan then glanced at Gabel and extended his hand.
Gabel understood what he wanted, with a strange expression on his face, he took out a plate and handed it over to Vaan,
"Try not to cause too big of a scene."
Gabel spoke.
"Don't worry, I am a peace-loving man."
Vaan replied as he grabbed the plate, then, he turned around and walked into his room as well.



Chapter 18 The makings of a great punching bag
"Try not to cause too big of a scene."
Gabel spoke.
"Don't worry, I am a peace-loving man."
Vaan replied as he grabbed the plate, then, he turned around and walked into his room as well.
Inside the room, Aldric was sitting on the sofa with his legs on the table, reading the notes Vaan had prepared while reading all the Magic Theories with a casual look on his face.
A very disrespectful act. Some mages with bad tempers might even kill in anger if someone read their notes without their permission. Of course, Aldric never thought Vaan would dare to do that.
The Little Fairy flew around the notes with a worried look on her face, however, Aldric couldn't see her, and neither could she do anything to Aldric.
Seeing that Vaan had walked into the room, Aldric threw the notes on the table and spoke,
"What's with these notes? You even prepared another Magic Circle. What? Are you actually getting serious about learning magic? Pfftt! Hahaha!! What a joke!"
He started laughing out loud.
"And what's with this plate? Did you bring it here to serve me some snacks since I have returned? Heh, that's good. It seems you are finally learning things."
Aldric continued to laugh.
Vaan continued to observe Aldric.
Aldric was a person who had spent a decent amount of time with previous Vaan, therefore, currently, Vaan was experiencing a new influx of memories related to Aldric rushing into his mind.
From the time he was introduced, to how he hired him as his personnel butler, all the way to when Christopher had taken over this body.
Aldric wasn't always this rude, he was subservient when he first came here, however, soon, he realized what kind of person Vaan was.
He was madly in love with Seraphina.
However, that was not it, along with that, he was easy to fool.
He may look like a typical Young Master who was rude, obnoxious, and someone who takes out his frustration on others, however, in truth, handling him was not that difficult.
Deep down, Vaan was a pushover.
'I was sent by Lady Seraphina.'
'Lady Seraphina tressures me quite a lot, that is why she sent me here instead of someone else.'
'Lady Seraphina values my opinions while making a decision. She even told her friend to not marry the person she likes because I didn't get a good vibe from him, that is how much she trusts me.'
Slowly and steadily, Aldric started feeding these words into Vaan's head. The more he did it, the more intimidated Vaan felt.
She felt like Aldric was sent here as a 'test' for him.
A test to check if he was worthy of her.
Therefore, he needed to treat Aldric well.
With these thoughts, Vaan's attitude in front of Aldric changed.
From declining to do certain jobs, to outright disrespecting him, Aldric's attitude started changing.
And now, he had turned into a servant who was confident enough to comfortably sit on the sofa with his legs on the table when his master was standing right in front of him.
"Heh."
Vaan couldn't help but laugh out loud.
Honestly, Aldric was quite intelligent, he was someone who could have been useful for Vaan in the future, however,
What Vaan hated the most was being disrespected.
However, right now, Aldric was exactly the type of person Vaan wanted to see the most.
 He had holed himself inside a single room, reading and more reading, for 12 whole days!
As mentioned before, he wasn't much of a reader in his previous life,
Vaan's hands were itching.
And now that a punching bag was right in front of him, how could he not be happy?
With a big smile on his face, Vaan rubbed the back of his neck,
"Aldric, my good friend."
Then, he walked towards Aldric and sat right next to him.
"Do you really not remember anything when you see this plate in my hand?" He questioned as he brought the plate right in front of him.
"Huh? What do you mean?" Aldric frowned.
For some reason, he felt like something was wrong. Especially the way Vaan was acting...
He was definitely different from before.
"To think you won't remember anything, magic sure is wonderful." Vaan chuckled.
"What are you talking abo-"
*Bam*
*Crack*
Before Aldric could complete his sentence, Vaan smashed the plate on his head.
Aldric's eyes widened in surprise as he slowly felt the pain sinking in.
"AAagggghhh!!"
He shouted.
The wounds that had barely healed opened up again.
Vaan, however, wasn't done, with a wide smile on his face, he grabbed Aldric's hair and smashed it on the table.
Then, he pushed the table away and smashed his head on his knee,
*Bam*
"Ugghhh!!"
Then again,
One more time,
And another one,
*Bam*
"Guuuhhh!!"
Aldric groaned in pain as he fell on the floor.
Vaan unleashed a series of punches, hitting Aldric's face.
It felt wonderful.
This man had the makings of a great punching bag.
Once Vaan was Satisfied, he finally stopped beating him.
This time, things were different than before, there were still some things he needed to know, things only Aldric should know.
Yes, an interrogation round was in due.
Aldric felt his vision blurring.
The pain was too much for him to handle, however, other than pain, the shock he felt was even greater.
Why was Vaan hitting like him? No, was he even capable of hitting people like this?
Was he really the same Vaan who got nervous every time he is around him?
"W-What are you doing?"
With a bloodied face, Aldric questioned.
"What am I doing? I am disciplining you."
Vaan replied.
"Y-You think Lady Seraphina would forgive you!?"
Aldric decides to use his trump card.
However,
"Not listening to the orders given by the family head.
Let's not even talk about disrespecting, you even dare to order around and threaten the Young Master of the Vesta Family,
All these actions of not putting the Vesta Family in your eyes,
Do you think a mere Lady Seraphina or her Stormweaver family would try to protect you against these charges?"
"!!!"
Aldric's eyes widened in surprise.
"You must really trust your Lady Seraphina, don't you?
Call her then.
I would like to see if she comes and saves her 'most treasured subordinate',
Or just sacrifices him like a no longer useful chess pawn."



Chapter 19 I have absolutely no reason to keep a useless man alive
"You must really trust your Lady Seraphina, don't you?
Call her then.
I would like to see if she comes and saves her 'most treasured subordinate',
Or just sacrifices him like a no longer useful chess pawn."
Vaan spoke with a wide smile on his face.
"Y-Y-You would allow me to call Lady Seraphina...?"
Aldric questioned.
"Of course, I am a fair man, why would I not give you an equal chance to defend yourself?
Use everything in your arsenal.
However,
Just keep this in mind,
If you actually do call her,
Then be damn sure that that bitch can save you from the Vesta Family, because if she fails, then I'll fill that head of yours with countless bull- Ah fuck, I can't say that now, can I?"
Vaan temporarily forgot that there were no guns in this world.
"...?"
Aldric couldn't understand what he was talking about, but then,
"Ugghh!!"
Vaan pulled his hair again, and then,
"If she cannot save you, then I'll cut your head off."
*Gulp*
Aldric gulped in fear.
"So? What would you do, Aldric?
Would you like to call your benevolent master and go against the Vesta Family together with her, or would you like to 'cooperate' with me?"
Vaan spoke as he moved away and dusted away his hands with a smile on his face.
Aldric looked into Vaan's golden eyes and his body trembled.
If it was before, he would have selected the first option without even thinking, in front of Lady Seraphina, Vaan acted like a loyal dog, if she said something, he would simply wag his tail and do it.
However... for some reason... Aldric felt like the current Vaan...
He wasn't sure if things would go as he imagined. The current Vaan was too scary for him to make decisions based on his past actions.
Aldric also didn't fail to notice how Vaan was mentioning Vesta Family again and again.
It was as if he was putting the Vesta family against his Lady Seraphina and not himself. Honestly, it wasn't even a fair match, his Lady might be impressive and a lot smarter than others, however, let alone her, even her entire family didn't deserve to be mentioned in the same sentence as the Vesta Family.
The only power his Lady held over the Vesta Family was that the son of Lady Astra was crazy for her...
But now...
Even that seemed like...
Aldric stopped thinking as he glanced at Vaan's horrifying expression again. Sitting on the sofa, with his legs wide open and a big smile on his face. Right now, Vaan didn't even have a trace of 'nobility' the descendant of the Vesta Family should have.
Adric felt like he looked more like a thug.
 Even he didn't know how damn right he was.
"I am not a patient man, Aldric.
Are you going against Vesta Family and calling that bitch?
Or does the thing inside your head actually works?
Answer now."
"I-I wish to serve Young Master V-Vaan."
Aldric answered.
"Oh?" Vaan raised his eyebrow.
Aldric didn't say anything.
"Hahaha~ That's a smart decision.
I guess you will live on for a little longer."
Vaan laughed out loud.
"Alright then, stand up."
Vaan ordered.
Although injured, Aldric didn't dare to offend Vaan any further and quickly stood up.
"Wipe the blood from your face, you bastard.
Your already shit-like face looks even shittier because of that."
Vaan cursed.
"..."
Aldric turned silent.
He then took out a handkerchief and wiped his face.
It did sting since there were quite a few bruises and cuts on his face, however, he didn't say anything. Vaan was way too intimidating for him to complain about something like this.
"It is at least bearable now," Vaan spoke as he picked his ear.
"..."
Aldric simply bowed in a subservient manner.
"Alright then, I have a few questions,
There shouldn't be any need to say this, but I will say it just in case,
Answer honestly."
Vaan spoke as he glanced at Aldric with a chilly look on his face.
Aldric's body jolted in fear.
"A-As you c-command, Young Master V-Vaan."
"How closely connected are you to Sera?"
"S-Sir?"
"I am asking how much do you know about her. What is your relationship with her? Are you her close aide? Or are you simply someone who works in her family?"
Vaan questioned as he looked into Aldric's eyes with a chilly look on his face.
*Gulp*
Aldric gulped again.
Those eyes... he knew the moment he lied... he would lose his life...
It was Aldric's trump card, something that allows him to throw his weight around as much as he wanted, however, right now...
Aldric had a feeling that his first answer wasn't the best answer.
He needed to be honest here.
"I-I am not closely acquainted with Lady Seraphina. I u-used to work for S-Stormweaver Family. T-The only interaction I had with her were the ones where I met her after b-becoming your servant."
"So you are saying you know absolutely nothing about her?" Vaan questioned.
"I-I apologize for lying to you this whole time! Please spare me, young master Vaan!!"
Aldric simply kowtowed on the floor.
"So you are telling me that you are absolutely useless and know dogshit about my enemy when you claimed to be her close aide."
Vaan commented.
"E-Enemy...?"
Aldric's expression changed.
Vaan, however, ignored his surprise.
His stance was clear from the moment he met Sera and after recalling some memories after meeting Aldric, his stance was even clearer.
Seraphina was an enemy.
The previous Vaan was a fool over her so he couldn't see it.
However, he was different.
Seraphina knew damn well that he liked her, however, instead of accepting his feelings or properly turning him down, she was leading him on and using him. It got to a point where she even dared to walk into his house and order him around while acting like she was above him.
"You should have chosen the first option, you might have had a chance to live with that.
I have absolutely no reason to keep a useless man alive."
Vaan stood up as he said those words, however, just as he was about to leave,
"Y-Y-Young Master Vaan! I-I can tell you why Lady Seraphina ordered me to be your servant!
It is definitely something you should know!"



Chapter 20 I need to fix this mess first
"Y-Y-Young Master Vaan! I-I can tell you why Lady Seraphina ordered me to be your servant!
It is definitely something you should know!"
Just as Vaan was about to leave, Aldric shouted in desperation.
Young Master Vaan just called Lady Seraphina his enemy…
Hearing that, Aldric decided.
This was his only chance to stay alive.
He…
He would jump ships…
Vaan turned around and glanced at Aldric who still had his forehead on the floor. He observed the man for a while, and then,
"What is it?"
"She wanted me to keep an eye on you."
"That's it? That's your grand answer to save your life? Do you think this is something I cannot deduce on my own?"
Vaan questioned back.
"She asked me to report your behavior every 3 months. She seemed particularly concerned about your interest in learning magic and instructed me to report it immediately if you spend more than 2 hours reading books related to magic or engage in continuous magic study for 3 days.
It was fine if you were punished by Lady Astra, however, if you ever do it on your accord, I was told to report it to her, and every time I did report her,
Something happens and your recently grown interest in magic returns back to normal and you stop focusing on it."
"Something happens…?"
Vaan raised his eyebrow.
Seeing that Vaan was finally showing interest, Aldric's expression brightened up. He quickly raised his head and replied,
"Y-Yes, oftentimes, Lady Seraphina calls you to meet her, and since she rarely does that, you get excited and leave the house to meet her. Then when you return, you stop studying magic again and only talk about how your day with Lady Seraphina went and how if you actually tried, you might get to marry her."
"I stop pursuing my magic studies after meeting her…? Does she cast some kind of magic on me to do that…?" Vaan wondered.
"I am not there with you when the two of you are together, so I do not know much, however, I highly doubt that she can do that. First, Magic related to mind are much more complicated. Lady Seraphina, as impressive as she maybe, doesn't have the capability to use magic like that, and even if she hires someone else to do it, your mother would have noticed that by now and she and her family would have been wiped out by now."
Aldric answered.
Vaan glanced at Aldric, then, after thinking about it for a while, he questioned,
"Can you think of another such incident?"
"T-The incident of your 5 friends challenging you to a Magic Duel… it also happened after I reported Lady Seraphina about you studying magic longer than you normally do."
"So… you are telling me that me getting beaten up was arranged by Sera?"
Vaan questioned as he narrowed his eyes.
Seeing that expression, Aldric gulped again.
"I-I am not s-sure b-but that is highly l-likely." He stuttered.
"That bitch…"
Vaan cursed as he clenched his fists. Then, he took a deep breath and, sighed,
"Guess I need to fix this mess first."
Then,
"Gabel."
 With a cold look on his face, he called.
Gabel quickly walked into the room.
His eyes quickly fell on Aldric, who was kneeling on the floor with bruises and cuts all over his face, then, he glanced at the broken pieces of the plate he had given to Young Master Vaan.
Gabel couldn't help but sigh,
'At least it is not the worst-case scenario, this much is still acceptable. Plus, that rude bastard needed a beating. This expression looks much better on him than the previous ones.' he thought inwardly.
"What can I help you with, Young Master Vaan?" Gable questioned with a respectful look on his face.
"The five people who attacked me, do you know about them?"
"Those five…?"
Gabel frowned. He couldn't understand why Young Master Vaan was asking about them right now.
"Give me all the details of the families these guys belong to. Their strength, their backing, the strongest person in their family, their land, their money, I need a thorough report on all this.
You have an hour."
"Huh?" Gabel frowned in confusion.
"What? Can you not do it?" Vaan questioned.
"C-Can I ask why you need that information, Young Master?"
Gabel questioned.
"There are some things I wish to know.
And I want revenge."
Vaan spoke with a cold look on his face.
Then, he turned towards Gabel and questioned again,
"Can you do it?"
"Everything you have requested will be in your hands in an hour, Young Master Vaan." Gabel bowed his head.
Vaan's aura was too overpowering, his orders… he felt like he could never refute them…
"Good." Vaan praised.
"I will go see Mother now, you two do not have to follow me.
And Aldric, I will be keeping an eye on you from now on.
You have successfully managed to hang onto your life, do not do anything foolish and ruin your efforts."
Vaan spoke as he walked out of the room.
"Y-Yes, Young Master Vaan…"
Aldric nodded even after Vaan had left the room.
"…"
Gabel glanced at Aldric, who was kneeling on the ground.
"You look different than you did in the past." He commented.
Aldric simply glanced at Gabel and, "Try going through what I did."
"Heh, you brought this upon yourself."
Gabel laughed.
"…" Aldric didn't say anything.
Gabel seemed like someone Young Master Vaan trusted, there was no reason to antagonize him.
…
On the other hand, Vaan, who was walking in the corridor smiled as the little Fairy appeared in front of his eyes again.
"Hmm? Why are you looking at me like that?" Vaan questioned with a frown on his face.
The Little Fairy, who he had barely made up, was looking at him with a wary look on her face again.
"Are you scared of what you saw?" Vaan guessed.
"…" The Fairy didn't say anything, however, Vaan understood.
"He was a bad person, he deserved it. I only beat up bad people.
Don't worry, I will never hit someone as adorably as you."
Vaan spoke as he slowly moved his index finger towards the Fairy again.
The Fairy observed him for a while, then, she decided to trust him and sat on top of Vaan's head.
"Krriiiii~"
She exclaimed.



Chapter 21 It is great that you are the Family Head
*Knock* *Knock*
Vaan walked up to a door and knocked gently,
"Who is it?" A voice was heard.
"It is me, mother."
Vaan replied with a slight smile on his face.
"..."
However, he didn't receive any reply. A waited for a while, however, after not getting a response for about a minute,
"Is there a prob-"
"Enter."
Suddenly, Astra spoke.
Vaan tilted his head in confusion, however, in the end, he didn't think too much about it and walked into Astra's room.
"You finally have the time to meet your mother, huh," Astra commented with a gentle smile on her face.
Seeing that, Vaan smiled as well.
"I was studying." He replied.
"Heh, at first, you refused to study even after I forced you, now, you are studying so much that you don't even spare time for your mother. Have you sworn to never make your mother happy or something?" Astra questioned as she raised her eyebrow.
"I am doing all this for you, Mother. Son of the Astra Elysia Vesta cannot be trash, now can he? I need to catch up if I do not want to ruin your reputation."
"I have told you this before as well, Vaan. You do not have to take any unnecessary pressure. Do things at your own pace. I am just glad that you are taking things seriously, but don't exhaust yourself, alright?" Astra replied in worry.
Hearing those words, Vaan smiled.
He sat right next to her and then placed his head on her lap.
"I can always come to you if I ever feel tired, can I not?"
He questioned.
At the same time, the little fairy flew around and sat on Vaan's stomach. However, seeing as his mother was not reacting to her at all, Vaan realized that even she couldn't see her.
'Even someone like mother can't see her... am I the only one in the world who can...? Just what kind of being is she?'
Vaan had read many books that mentioned different races in the world, however, none of them ever mentioned something like this little Fairy.
'Well whatever, she is cute.' In the end, Vaan just shrugged.
"So you are saying you would only come to your mother when you feel exhausted?" Astra questioned as she started ruffling Vaan's hair.
"Hahaha~ Please don't be like that, mother.
And I have heard it all from Gabel, you used to hole yourself up in the library when you were young as well. At least I have taken the books I wish to read into my room and often come out of my room to meet you, I heard you locked yourself inside the library for weeks and rarely come out.
Aren't I doing a lot better already in that matter?"
"It seems like I need to have a chat with Gabel," Astra spoke with a 'gentle' smile on her face.
"I pity him." Vaan chuckled.
"Then you shouldn't put him in a difficult situation, I am sure you are the one who forced him to tell all this. He would never open his mouth on his own."
"I will refrain from commenting."
"You!"
Astra pulled Vaan's right ear,
 "Aaahhhh!!" Vaan cried in pain.
"It seems I have been going too easy on you, huh."
"Hahaha~"
Vaan laughed out loud.
Soon, Astra started laughing as well.
"Mother."
Suddenly, Vaan called out.
"Hm?"
"Where should I practice Magic?"
"Huh? Is your room not enough?" Astra frowned.
"No, I meant that I need to place to release Magic."
"Release Magic? Vaan you..."
A slightly proud smile appeared on Vaan's face, then suddenly, the Mana around him moved and,
*Flicker*
He unleashed his magic.
"!!!"
Seeing him casting Magic, Astra's eyes widened in surprise.
"You can cast Magic now!" She exclaimed in joy.
"Of course! Did you think I was lying when I said I would catch up to you? Heh, just wait, it won't take long before I surpass you."
"Heh, getting arrogant, are we?" Astra smiled.
"Whose son do you think I am?"
"Oh ho~"
Astra couldn't help but smile.
These moments where she could smile so freely, they were extremely rare. However, ever since that day when Vaan rushed towards her and hugged her, she noticed that these moments were getting more and more frequent.
This peace that her heart felt...
She hoped that nothing would harm it.
"Mother, you still haven't answered my question." Vaan reminded.
"You can use Magic Training Halls, the walls there can repair themselves no matter how much damage they take."
"But I heard that Magic Training Halls are shared by many people at the same time... I would like to study my Magic without any interference if possible."
"Hmmm, alright, I will free a Magic Training Room for you then, although you need to be a 3 Circle Mage to use those rooms, I will arrange something for you."
"Thank you, Mother.
It is great that you are the Family Head." Vaan laughed.
"Using your mother's position for your own benefit, how shameless."
"What can I say? I would be a fool if I don't take advantage of how amazing my mother is, won't I?"
"As long as you work hard."
"Don't worry, I will work harder than anyone."
"Don't push yourself too hard," Astra spoke.
"..."
Vaan didn't know what to say.
How can his mother simply contradict herself in the next sentence?
'Heh.'
In the end, he just laughed it off and closed his eyes.
Astra continued to ruffle his hair.
The two of them talked, time passed, and an hour later, Vaan stood up.
"I will take my leave now, mother. Also, I forgot to tell you, I plan on going out today."
"Oh? That is good.
Go and get some fresh air."
"Mhm." Vaan nodded.
"Then I will take my leave now, Mother," Vaan spoke and turned around.
After he left, the doors of Astra's study room opened and a young lady walked out with a sheepish expression on her face.
Astra turned towards her and sighed,
"You should have met him, you know? He has changed, he will definitely treat you well this time."
"Y-Young Master Vaan never treated me poorly." The young lady answered.
"Haah! Still taking his side even after everything he has done. What am I going to do with you, you fool?
I have no clue why that idiot decided to chase after that selfish woman when he already has a lovely angel like you."
Astra shook her head.



Chapter 22 You are in trouble
"Did you bring what I asked?"
Vaan questioned as he returned to his room after spending some time with his mother.
Gabel simply took out a small book and passed it to Vaan.
"It has all the information Young Master requested."
Vaan grabbed the book and skimmed through it,
"It is quite detailed."
Gabel bowed his head.
"You did well." Vaan praised.
Then, he started reading the content of the book more carefully. Gabel stood still and didn't say anything.
15 minutes later, Vaan finally closed the book.
"Gabel, let's go."
"Huh? Young Master Vaan, where are we going?"
"To my dear friend's house."
"Your friend's house...?"
"Take me to Asher's house."
"A-Asher?"
Gabel's eyes widened in surprise.
Asher, he was one of the five men who had beaten up Young Master that day, why is Young Master asking him to take him to that man's house? And... why does he have that scary smile on his face?
Just what was the Young Master thinking?
Gabel's mind was filled with all these questions, however, right now, he had to fulfill his Young Master's request.
"As you command, Young Master."
Vaan then followed Gabel and left the Vesta Mansion.
Just as he expected, the more he moved around, the more his fuzzy memories became clearer, he started remembering different places the previous Vaan used to visit and started having a basic idea of how the roads are connected and which turn took him where.
Vaan also realized that, unlike the world he came from, this world was still stuck in medieval times, where instead of cars, people traveled using carriages.
These carriages, although slower, were far more comfortable than any car he ever sat on.
Even though the horses were pulling it, he didn't feel even a single bump. If he closes his window, he wouldn't even realize that he was moving, it was that comfortable.
Vaan continued to look outside, the more he looked, the more clearer previous Vaan's memories became.
30 minutes later, the carriage finally stopped.
"We are here, Young Master."
The driver said.
Gabel walked out, Vaan followed.
"Young Master, as mentioned in the information I gave you,
Asher Zilayan comes from Zilayan Family, they are not exactly strong, they are an independent but small Mage family, whose leader is a 5th Circle Mage. They are nothing impressive, however, you still should not underestimate them.
They may not be much in front Vesta Family, but if you cause a ruckus here, they won't just stay silent. The mages of their family are known to have high pride and an unbending will. Vesta Family name wouldn't scare them if you act unreasonably."
Gable warned. He had seen what Young Master Vaan did to Aldric.
 There weren't many problems since Aldric was only a servant, however, that incident made clear how ruthless Young Master Vaan was.
Gabel had to make sure that Young Master Vaan don't lose his self-control here.
"Don't worry, Gabel, just trust me,
I am not an unreasonable person."
Vaan spoke with a small smile on his face.
Then, he glanced at the Mansion in front of him.
It wasn't nearly as grand as his Family's Mansion, however, it was still alright.
Vaan, however, wasn't here for sightseeing, he stopped looking around and walked towards the Mansion.
"Young Master Vaan?"
Soon, he was recognized by a guard.
"What are you doing here, Young Master Vaan?"
He questioned.
"Can I not visit my friend?" Vaan questioned.
"Of course you can! It is our honor!
Please come in, I shall inform Young Master Asher about your arrival."
The guard spoke as he invited Vaan inside.
Vaan followed the guard, the guard sent someone else to bring Asher while he himself took him to the guest room.
"Please wait here for a while, Young Master Vaan, Young Master Asher will be here soon."
The guard spoke with a polite look on his face.
Vaan nodded. 5 minutes later, the doors of the room finally opened up.
"Young Master Vaan! I can't believe you decided to show up! How have you been!?"
A Black haired man with a mole on his neck walked into a room with a smile on his face. Seeing Vaan sitting on the sofa, the man's smile widened, he walked towards Vaan, sat next to him, and placed his arm over Vaan's neck.
Seeing this action, Gabel narrowed his eyes, however, the man didn't care about him. An insignificant servant's thoughts didn't matter.
"Are your injuries alright, Young Master Vaan? We all really held back that time, but what could we do? We never thought that Young Master Vaan who carries the blood of the Vesta Family would end up like that. We deeply regret our actions, we should have been more careful."
The man sighed dramatically.
He was Asher Zilayan, one of Vaan's 'friends.'
The moment his servant informed him about the arrival of the pushover Vaan, he was surprised, Vaan never came to his mansion on his own accord, it was always he and his other friends who went to him, after all, who wouldn't want to visit the Vesta Family Mansion and look around?
He didn't wish to admit it, however, someone of his status wouldn't even be allowed near the Vesta Mansion, let alone inside the Vesta Family grounds, if it weren't for the fact that he was the 'friend' of Young Master Vaan.
And what was the best part?
Since Young Master Vaan was such a pushover, he didn't have to act subservient to him either. They can walk into the Vesta Family, with their head held high, and can even order around some servants there.
They were at the peak of their life!
How many people had the privilege of doing something like that!?
Thinking about all this, Asher couldn't help but smile. He glanced at the man responsible for all this, since Asher was this close to him, he expected Vaan to be looking down timidly, while remembering how he got beaten up by them, however, what he saw made him raise his eyebrow in surprise.
Vaan...
He was grinning...
And it wasn't just a normal grin, it was one of the most sinister, scary grins he had ever seen in his life.
This type of expression on the pushover Vaan's face...
Unconsciously, Asher moved back.
"Asher my good friend,"
Suddenly, Vaan called out.
"H-Huh?" Asher was taken aback. Vaan then turned towards him with that scary smile, and then,
"You are in trouble,
Big, Big Trouble."



Chapter 23 You tell me, do you really think I am a pushover
"Asher my good friend,
You are in trouble,
Big, Big Trouble."
Vaan spoke with a scary smile on his face.
Now that he saw Asher, new streams of memories rushed into his brain. Vaan was already used to this by now, also, the things he learned from these memories, it pretty much coincided with what he had already concluded.
Asher was also one of the people who knew how big of a pushover the previous Vaan was and often used him. He borrowed quite a lot of money and used his family status to get things he normally couldn't get, he even bullied a few people under Vaan's name.
Of course, these were soon going to be actions Asher would regret most in his life.
"W-What trouble are you talking about, Young Master Vaan?" Asher questioned as he tried to stay calm.
Vaan was a pushover, so he reacted strongly to even minor troubles, Asher wanted to believe that this was one of those cases as well but for some reason… he felt that wasn't the truth.
"You see, my mother looked at the injuries that I sustained after our spar and...
She concluded that some of the attacks were aimed at my life." Vaan spoke.
"Huh…?"
Asher's expression changed.
Seeing that expression, a small smile appeared on Vaan's face.
That smile Asher had combined with that tone when Asher said, 'Young Master Vaan!', those eyes that clearly looked down on him and mocked him inwardly, it annoyed Vaan.
Therefore, seeing that smile being replaced by this shocked and fearful expression, Vaan felt satisfied.
Of course, this didn't mean he was planning to end it here,
Rubbing salt on someone's wound was Vaan's hobby.
"You understand what I mean, right?
Sustaining injuries in a spar is not a problem, however, if those attacks were aimed at other's life, and that too, the life of the man who has Vesta's blood flowing through his veins…
You should understand the seriousness of the issue, right?"
Asher's face paled in fear.
Attacking Vesta's blood with an intention to kill… no matter how big of a pushover, useless, talentless, lazy, and simp of a person that was, it was no different than declaring war on the Vesta Family and that is something that could ruin not only Asher but the entire Zilayan Family.
"Y-Young Master V-Vaan, what a-are you talking ab-about? Aiming for your l-life? W-Why would a-any of us do that?"
Asher stuttered, he couldn't understand the situation.
How can this happen? They made sure not to critically injure Vaan!
They were just passing some time. Bullying someone from the mighty Vesta Family was satisfying, it was also one of the best ways for them to feel good about themselves and take out their frustration on him.
But that was it!
Why would they try to kill him!?
They had no enmity against Vaan!
Even if they were enemies, Asher and the other 4 clearly knew their limit,
They would never do such a thing!
"Why do you think I came here? You are one of my close friends, how could you possibly try to kill me?" Vaan spoke as he looked at Asher with a kind look on his face.
"T-That is correct! How can I possibly try to kill you?" Asher's face brightened up.
"Young Master, you have to help me out! Your mother must have been mistaken; you have to tell her that we are innocent."
 Asher spoke up.
He was desperate. This can very well lead to the destruction of his entire family. Asher could not take responsibility for something as big as this. He had to do something.
"I know that and I tried to take your side, however, my mother just called me a pushover and dismissed my opinion. I can't believe she did that.
You tell me, do you really think I am a pushover?"
Vaan questioned.
"N-No… h-how could Young Master Vaan be a pushover?"
Asher stuttered. Even he himself couldn't believe what he was saying.
"Young Master Vaan is one of the brightest and most charismatic people I have ever seen."
"Right? I don't even know where she got that idea from."
Vaan crossed his arms and dramatically shook his head.
"I can't believe she would act like that, so what if she is my mother? So what if she is one of the strongest mages in this world? Does that make her right all the time? Even she can make mistakes sometimes, right? It is not like she is a God. I don-"
Vaan wanted to continue blabbering, however, the more he spoke, the higher Asher's heartbeat got, he could practically see the destruction of his family in front of his eyes.
He didn't have time to listen to this idiot's blabbering.
"Y-Young Master, y-you have to d-do something about it. I beg you, please help me out." Asher urged.
"Of course, that is what I am here for, after all." Vaan smiled politely.
Asher felt strangely irritated when he saw Vaan's smile.
Here he was panicking, trying to think of a way to save himself and his family, and then there is this man, laughing like an idiot without knowing the seriousness of the situation.
Asher wanted nothing more than to beat this idiot again.
"You can trust me, Asher. I will not let anything happen to my friends."
Suddenly, Vaan spoke up, and hearing those words, Asher glanced at Vaan and froze.
Young Master Vaan… for some reason… he didn't look annoying anymore… rather, he looked strangely dependable.
Asher started feeling bad for all those things he had done to Vaan in the past.
Vaan… he came here to save him from this predicament…
Asher was touched.
He wanted to put his trust in Vaan.
But suddenly, Vaan extended his hand.
"Young Master Vaan…? What are you doing…?"
Asher frowned in confusion.
"Hmm? You need me to make a move and help you, don't you?"
Vaan questioned back.
"Y-Yes yes." Asher nodded.
"You can't be expecting me to take a risk of going after my mother for free, right?"
"W-What?" Asher stuttered.
Then, with a most genuine smile on his face, Vaan spoke,
"20 Elemental Stones.
Hand them over and I will try my best to save you."



Chapter 24 Tsk, getting me all worked up for no reason
"20 Elemental Stones.
Hand them over and I will try my best to save you."
Vaan spoke with a genuine smile on his face and hearing those words, Asher couldn't help but shout out loud.
"WHAT!?"
"What?" Vaan spoke nonchalantly, rolling his eyes as he picked his ears
"That is equivalent to 20,000 Gold Coins! That's what our family makes in 2 years!" Asher retorted.
"And?"
Vaan however, just tilted his head in confusion.
Then, with a small smile on his face, he questioned,
"Are you saying that asking for 2 years of your family's income is too much for saving you? I would say that I am being rather generous here.
Right, I forgot to mention, make sure your family doesn't know about it.
You know how hotheaded the Head of your Family is, right? Honestly, I shouldn't say it, but with that meager strength of a 5th Circle Mage, rather than that hotheadedness, your family head should learn the art of bowing his head in front of his betters, but let's not talk about it.
As I was saying, if your family head learns that I am asking for 20 Elemental Stones to save you and your family, he would definitely get enraged and go to my Family.
I am telling you this right here, but if the matter gets that troublesome, then let alone 20, even 200 Elemental Stones wouldn't be enough to protect you, so make sure your family doesn't know about it, alright?"
"H-How am I supposed to give you 20 E-Elemental Stones without letting my family know? A-As I said, t-that's equivalent to 2 years of my family income. T-There is no w-way I can arrange that sort of money myself." Asher voiced out his problems.
"Do not try to fool me, Asher. Your family has been around for centuries now, hasn't it? You aren't telling me that they haven't saved up anything at all, are you?"
"W-W-What are you trying to say...?"
Asher questioned. He had a bad premonition.
"Come on, my dear friend.
Do I really need to spell what you have to do out for you?"
Vaan spoke with a demonic smile on his face.
"You… You want me to rob my family's treasury…"
Asher finally realized.
"You are brighter than you look."
Vaan replied with an evil smile on his face.
"But that's a serious crime! I would get executed if I get caught!" Asher shouted.
"Then choose." Vaan shrug.
"Choose between a path where you might die if you get caught, or a path where the death is certain.
The choice is yours."
Vaan placed his legs on the table in front of him with an unbothered look on his face.
Seeing him act like that, Asher couldn't believe his eyes.
To think that the timid Vaan would act like this.
Just what in the hell happened to him? That unbothered look as he pushed Asher into the corner, leaving him no choice but to rob his own family's treasury.
"You bastards from the Vesta Family!! You people already monopolize all the Elemental Stone Ores! Your Family earns more than 100 Ores every single month! Is that not enough for you!?"
Asher couldn't control himself and lashed out.
 "Huh? How come my Family is involved here?"
Vaan, however, simply tilted his head in confusion.
"Y-You bastards have already taken away all our source of income! Even the Elemental Ore found on our Family Land was taken away by you guys! The Mages of our Family have to work for your family so that they can earn enough Elemental Stones to continue their research with! We barely collect enough Stones to sustain the needs of our Family Mages and now you want me to rob my own family treasury!? How can you be so shameless!? Great Vesta Family my a-"
"Woah Woah Woah, enough champ. The fuck are you getting all emotional for? The Vesta Family monopolizes all the Elemental Ores? We are heartless and make the mages of your family work for us in order for them to continue their research?
So what?
Why does your pest-like family still decide to rot here in Vesta City?
The Vesta Family never stopped you from leaving, did we?
Why don't you go ahead and leave the city? There are Magic Families in the Four Kingdoms as well, aren't there? Why don't you go rot there huh?"
Vaan questioned as he glared at Asher.
"How do you think you are living a free life, researching whatever you feel like without having to worry about anything at all huh? You want the Ore? With your pitiful strength, would you even be able to keep it? What do you think would happen even if you do get your hands on the ore, huh?
Let me tell you,
Your family will be destroyed.
What? Do you think it is you guys who are loyal dogs and let us Vesta Family keep the ore? Fuck no, you are just too weak to do anything about it and act like a little bitch who wags their tail with their tongue out to taste a part of the whole piece.
The moment you guys gain strength, the first thing you would do is attack us and take the ore away, though I highly doubt pussies like you would ever be that powerful.
I have ignored it today, but I better not hear you talking shit about my family, you got that? Don't force me to rip that stinky mouth off."
Hearing Vaan's words, Asher almost coughed out blood.
Was… was this man really the same pushover he knew?
Just what happened?
Why is he so different than before?
Asher couldn't understand.
Right now, the only thing he could do was lower his head. Vaan's aura was just too overwhelming for him to refute his words.
"Tsk, getting me all worked up for no reason."
Vaan snorted.
...
*Map of the world*



Chapter 25 We are just playing around
"Tsk, getting me all worked up for no reason."
Vaan snorted.
Then while rubbing the back of his neck, he glanced at Asher and,
"You have a week to arrange the money, don't blame me for what happens if you fail to get me what I want.
Ah, right, make sure no one in your family knows about this."
Saying those words, Vaan started walking.
He was done here.
Or so he thought…
"You… Lady Astra does not know you are here… does she?" Suddenly, Asher, who was sitting on the sofa with his head low questioned.
"Hm?" Vaan tilted his head in confusion.
"This story of Lady Astra looking at your injuries and thinking the attacks were aimed at your life,
all of it is fake, isn't it?
You are just using her name to threaten me, aren't you?
That is why you do not want me to inform my family because once that happens, my family head would go and directly confront Lady Astra, and once Lady Astra finds out about what you have been doing using her name, you would be punished, isn't that right?"
Asher spoke as he raised his head and carefully looked for any changes in Vaan's face.
If his theory is correct, then Vaan's expression would change and he would start panicking. Vaan might have gained that confidence from somewhere, however, the moment he would reveal his plan, Asher was sure that he would revert back to his usual timid self.
However, Vaan's next move caught Asher off guard.
"I guess you aren't a complete fool."
"Huh…?"
Asher tilted his head in confusion.
Vaan's smile then widened up and,
"I was just using my mother's name to threaten you.
You didn't really think you get away after hitting me, did you?"
Hearing those words, something inside Asher broke.
He nearly had a heart attack imagining the destruction of his family, his loved ones, and himself, but to think all of this was just a joke for this bastard! To make it worse, rather than backing away or feeling guilty about this, this bastard was actually smiling at him!
"YOU FUCKING BASTARD!!"
Asher shouted in rage as he rushed towards Vaan.
Vaan, however, simply stepped aside and punched Asher's nose. Just from this punch, Asher felt his vision blurring.
Vaan laughed.
He was too experienced to have trouble going against someone like Asher, who had barely fought anyone using his fists before.
He punched his nose again, another wave of dizziness taking over Asher, then, Vaan kicked his abdomen, sending him flying back to the sofa again.
A second later, Asher finally came back to his senses, realizing that he was pushed away by Vaan, his anger soared even higher.
"You are dead!"
He cursed.
Then, the Mana around him moved.
 He may look like this but Asher was a 2nd Circle Mage, he was a far stronger mage than Vaan, who had barely mastered his first Circle and didn't even know how to properly release his magic yet.
Two Magic Circles started forming around Asher, but then,
*Crash*
*Bam*
Asher felt a heavy impact on his head.
Vaan had smashed a nearby light lamp on his head.
"Aaaggghhh!!"
Asher's vision blurred again, he screamed in pain as he grabbed his head, the magic circles that had half-formed broke apart.
Vaan then leisurely placed his feet on Asher's left thigh and,
"You are barely standing 3 meters away from me and Do you really think I'd wait for you to cast your spell for 5 long seconds and just prepare my own spell to defend myself?
As I thought, instead of the brain, you have shit inside your head, don't you?"
Vaan questioned.
Asher, on the other hand, didn't reply, he felt something wet on his head when he glanced at his trembling hand and realized what that red sticky liquid was, he just screamed in horror.
"Aaaaggghhhh!!"
"Pussy."
Vaan snorted, then,
*Bam*
He smashed his knee onto Asher's face. Asher fell back, with how he acted, Vaan knew that he was on the verge of passing out.
"Well, that was satisfying."
Vaan spoke as he rubbed the back of his neck and stretched his body.
But suddenly,
"WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?"
Three guards rushed into the room and the one, who was their leader, shouted when he saw Asher's condition. Gabel who saw everything unfold widened his eyes in fear.
Things were definitely getting out of hand now!
These guards, they weren't weak at all.
Subduing Asher wasn't a big deal, however, there is no way they could go against these guards.
Vaan, however, just smiled,
"Why are you acting like that? We are just playing around."
"You call that playing around!? Young Master Asher is bleeding!" the head guard shouted.
"So?"
Vaan, however, just tilted his head in confusion.
"So what if he is bleeding? Wasn't I bleeding as well when he and his 4 other friends sparred with me?"
"T-That was a spar! It is normal for you to bleed in a spar! This is not a spar! You came here to meet him and then attacked him! That's an assault!" The head guard shouted.
"An Assault huh?" Vaan muttered.
Then, a big smile appeared on his face and,
"Now what are you going to do?"
The eerie smile on his face made planted a seed of nervousness in everyone's mind, even Gabel's.
His Young Master…
He looked like a demon!
"W-We will apprehend you and report this to your family!"
The head guard shouted.
"Oh? So you are gonna apprehend a member of the Vesta Family huh, I must say, Zilayan Family is quite bold."
"Y-You... Are you threatening us!?"
The head guard questioned with an intimidating look on his face.
"Oh no, of course not.
Go ahead, apprehend me, no worries.
A member of the Vesta Family being apprehended by a mere Zilayan family, I am sure it wouldn't cause any trouble at all."



Chapter 26 You have 3 days
"Oh no, of course not.
Go ahead, apprehend me, no worries.
A member of the Vesta Family being apprehended by a mere Zilayan family, I am sure it wouldn't cause any trouble at all."
Vaan smiled.
He knew how strong his family was.
It was the only family that had an entire, independent city as their land and was not a member of any of the 4 Kingdoms.
A mere Zilayan family's guards would think 1000 times before apprehending the member of the Vesta Family.
The only reason they were being so bold right now was because he was the infamous pushover, Vaan Astra Vesta.
Of course, today, his aura was completely different from what he was popular for.
The guards were taken aback,
"You were seen standing right next to Young Master Asher, who is seriously wounded, we have perfect reason to apprehend you! The Vesta Family would never take action against us because we are in the right!" The head guard spoke.
"As I said, you have the 'cause', go ahead and do what you ought to do, the Vesta Family is an honorable family, they wouldn't do anything since, again, you have the 'cause'.
Though I am not sure if the incident of ganging up against the son of the Vesta Family and assaulting him in the name of 'spar' is enough 'cause' for the Vesta Family to take action."
Hearing those words, the head guard froze.
"T-T-That was j-just a spar…" He stuttered.
"Sure sure, a spar where five 2nd Circle Mages surrounded a 1st Circle Mage, I am sure it sounds like a fair battle. If I say I was threatened and assaulted, I am sure no one in my family would believe me and everyone would trust the words of your Young Master."
"W-What… what do you want?"
Suddenly, the head guard questioned.
He realized it.
There was no way he would win. Young Master Vaan, he was far different from what Young Master Asher told him.
If things continue like this, it would bring catastrophe to the Zilayan family.
"That's not quite the tone one should have when they talk to someone carrying the Vesta Blood." Vaan smiled.
The head guard's body trembled,
"W-What can we do for you, Young Master Vaan?"
He questioned as he bowed his head.
"Heh, that's better."
Vaan chuckled.
Then, with a cold look on his face, he ordered,
"Leave, I don't want to see that crab-like face of yours any longer."
"B-But Young Master Asher…"
"What? Do you think I would do something to him? Are you doubting me?"
"N-No.
Then I w-would entrust Young Master Asher to Young Master Vaan."
Saying those words, the 3 guards quickly walked away.
"Heh, it's finally silent." Vaan laughed.
 Then, he glanced at Asher, who was still sitting on the sofa with a dizzy look on his face.
"Y-You really think you can get away f-from using your family name like that? V-Vesta Family holds its honor in high regard, the descendant of the esteemed Vesta family acting like a thug and using his family influence to threaten others… they wouldn't like that…"
Asher mumbled.
Honestly, even though the logic behind his retort was pretty strong, his tone was just too weak.
Whether it was because he was injured or because he was fearful, Vaan didn't know, however,
'To think this spineless bastard was brave enough to push me around. Just how much of a pushover was I?'
He was disappointed.
Then, he just sighed and let the 'Christopher' take over,
"Listen to me, Asher," Vaan called out.
"What do you think would happen to me if it is revealed that I used my family's influence to do all this?"
Asher glanced at Vaan for a while however, he couldn't come up with an answer.
Vaan grinned, "I am a 20-year-old 1st Circle Mage, the Shame of the Vesta Family which 'holds honor in high regard', someone like me should have already been kicked out of the family, yet here I am, moving around freely without any troubles.
Why do you think that is the case?"
Vaan questioned and Asher's expression changed. Vaan's smile widened.
"Do you see it now?
My mother is the Head of the Vesta Family, Asher.
Even if my actions here are revealed, at best, my mother would force me into the library and won't allow me to leave the house for a month or two.
At best, my punishment would be house arrest.
That's it, nothing worse would happen to me."
Then, Vaan moved his mouth close to Asher's ears and,
"But what about you, Asher?
If my family learns about it and I am punished, who do you think I would blame, huh?
Would it be my mother who punished me?
Of course not.
Someone like me doesn't have the balls to blame her.
I would obviously blame someone I can take out my frustration on. Someone I can squash like a bug.
It would be you, Asher.
If I am punished, I would come after you.
What do you think would happen then, Asher?
You think I would let you live a peaceful life?"
"Y-You wouldn't be able to do anything… Y-Your mother w-wouldn't allow i-it…" Asher retorted in an extremely weak voice. His body was already trembling in fear. Even speaking out the words he spoke took all the strength and guts he had.
"Who said she would get to know about this?
No matter how much of a trash I am, I am still the Son of the Vesta Family's head, do you know how many families or mages would die to make me owe them a favor?
How hard do you think it would be for me to hire a 3 or 4 Circle Mage to ruin your life?"
Asher turned and glanced at Vaan, seeing those golden eyes and that horrifying grin on his face, he felt goosebumps all over his body,
Asher was scared, he was very scared,
"I-I will g-give you 20 E-Elemental Stones… a-and will make sure no one would know about it…"
In the end, he gave in.
Vaan's grin widened,
"You have 3 days."
"Y-You said you would give me a w-week…"
"That was before you dared to attack me, I ought to punish you for making foolish mistakes, don't I?"
"B-But how would I g-gather 20 Elemental stones in 3 d-days?"
Asher questioned.
"That's something you need to figure out, isn't it?" Vaan smiled.
Then, he turned around.
"Gabel, don't just stand there, take me to my second friend's house."
Vaan ordered with a fresh smile on his face.
Gabel, who was frozen stiff seeing Asher sitting on the sofa with a bloodied face and dead body-like posture, finally came out of his reverie and,
"A-As you c-command, Young Master."
It was a productive day indeed.



Chapter 27 Dont mess this up, Vaan
"You called, Mother?"
Vaan questioned as he walked into his mother's room.
This time, however, he wasn't welcomed by the usually warm smile Astra always had. Right now, Astra was sitting on a chair with a cold look on her face.
"Enter."
Astra ordered.
Vaan frowned in confusion.
What happened? Why was his mother acting like that?
Vaan walked towards Astra and stood in front of her.
"You have gotten daring, haven't you?"
Astra questioned as she glared at Vaan.
"What are you talking about, Mother?" Vaan questioned.
"What? Did you think I wouldn't know that you went to those 5 families and threatened them?" Astra spoke.
Vaan narrowed his eyes.
Soon, however, he realized it,
"Gabel…"
"What Gabel!? You think I wouldn't get to know about it if he hadn't reported it!?"
"No, but you wouldn't have learned about it so soon," Vaan replied honestly.
Hearing his answer, Astra's anger soared even higher.
"How dare you walk into their family and threaten them using our Family name!? What kind of lowly behavior is this!?
What are you, a thug!?
Or is it our Vesta Family that is nothing but a bunch of thugs banded together!?"
Astra shouted as she slammed the table in front of her in anger.
"We are not a group of thugs, Mother," Vaan replied with a calm look on his face.
Seeing his calmness, Astra's anger faltered a little. She felt like unlike Vaan's usual impulsive actions, this one was something he had planned.
In the end, Astra gave him the benefit of the doubt and,
"You better explain your actions, Vaan."
"Those 5 dared to attack me, Mother. They needed to pay the price."
"So you did this because of petty revenge?" Astra raised her eyebrow.
"That is correct.
Anyone who dares to bare his fang against me cannot get out scot-free, the descendants of the Vesta Family are not that weak."
"Descendants of the Vesta Family are never weak! The only weakling here is you Vaan!
Why are you acting all proud and great when the only thing you did was use your family name and threaten them!?
What kind of revenge is that, huh!? You might as well just come to me and beg me to take care of little enemies you have made!"
"Mother, I didn't just threaten them, I also beat them up on my own. I just felt like beating them was not enough so I decided to get some money out of it."
Vaan replied with a confident smile as he rubbed his fist.
 "Yes, I heard that as well, a member of the Vesta Family going around attacking people using his fists, lamps, and cutleries." Astra nodded her head,
Then, she looked into Vaan's face and,
"Do you think that is something to be proud of!?
If you wanted to show your superiority, then go fight them using your magic. Challenge them to a magic duel and defeat them!
That is how a Vesta descendant should act!" She shouted.
"My Magic abilities are not good enough to use in a fight, Mother. I had to use what I felt the most confident in." Vaan replied.
"…" Astra turned silent.
She was beaming with rage, however, Vaan's calm replies didn't give her any chance to take all that out. She would have preferred if Vaan simply stood still in guilt, or retorted back in anger, that way, at the very least, she could take her anger out.
In front of Vaan's calm replies, however, she felt lost.
In the end, Astra sighed and decided to take a different approach,
"Do you know how severe the consequences of your actions are?" Astra questioned.
"I do not." Vaan shook his head.
"If people found out about this, they wouldn't blame you, they would blame the Vesta Family, your uncles, and aunts already do not like you, once this happens, they would not sit still. Even I would have a hard time protecting you."
"Don't worry, that won't happen, mother. Nobody would find out about this, Asher and the others won't open their mouths." Vaan shook his hand nonchalantly.
"And how are you so sure about that?" Astra raised her eyebrow.
'How many times do you think I have done this?'
Vaan spoke inwardly.
This was definitely not the first time he had threatened someone.
And from his experience, this was one of the better cases, he had even blackmailed people in cases where he didn't even have the actual power behind him. In this case, however, he had all the power he needed.
Honestly, Vaan was having a hard time believing that previous Vaan didn't use his family name to his advantage.
Just how big of a fool one has to be to not use this huge advantage he has?
Vaan would have preferred if the rather than a pushover, previous Vaan was someone who used his family status to bully others. At least then, he wouldn't have to recall all those embarrassing memories of being looked down on by those who are lower than him.
Anyways, as Vaan mentioned, from his experience in blackmailing and threatening, he was sure Asher and the others wouldn't open their mouth, however, the problem was…
How was he going to explain this to his mother…?
"Mother."
After thinking about all this, Vaan called out.
"What?"
"I ask you to trust me."
"Huh?"
"As I said before, I have changed. I am not like the previous Vaan anymore and I assure you, my actions would not trouble you anymore.
You do not have to protect me anymore, now, the only thing you need to do is wait and be proud of your child's accomplishments.
I know these actions of mine are not something to be proud of, they were crude and unrefined, but trust me, I will improve. I'll study magic, get better and I will make you proud. I promise you."
Vaan spoke with an earnest look on his face.
Hearing those words, all of Astra's anger flushed in an instant,
"A-Alright, whatever. Remember what you said, I will not protect you this time."
"Yes, mother. You won't have to."
"You can leave now."
Astra ordered.
"Yes, I will take my leave." Vaan nodded with a slight smile, then, he turned around.
Just as he was about to leave,
"Go to Magic Training room 8 at 5 in the evening, you will have 2 hours to practice your magic."
Astra spoke.
Vaan's smile widened,
"Thank you for your help, mother."
Saying those words, Vaan walked out of the room.
Astra, who was left alone in the room just sighed,
"Young Master has changed."
Suddenly, a figure covered in black appeared behind Astra and commented.
"I just don't know if it is a good change or not." Astra sighed.
"Please stop lying to yourself, Lady Astra. The smile on your face is already giving it away." The figure spoke.
With a surprised look on her face, Astra glanced at the mirror,
She was indeed smiling.
In the end, she decided to not hide it and laughed out loud,
"I heard he broke their noses."
"He created quite a mess out of their faces. Those young men are still being treated, with how severe their injuries are, I believe it would take a month before their face finally returns to normal." The figure reported.
"That is good. They deserve nothing less." Astra nodded with a proud look on her face.
"Though I still wish he would have used Magic to do that."
Astra sighed.
The figure who was standing beside her didn't say anything. However, inwardly, she was full of complaints.
If she could speak freely, she would have lashed out at Astra.
'Not everyone is ridiculously strong as you! How is a 1st Circle Mage supposed to use magic to fight their opponent when they are barely 2-3 meters away from each other!? Only monsters like you have that kind of casting speed!'
"Anyways, I hope this changed Vaan wouldn't make a mistake today.
I am really looking forward to their meeting. Since he is doing everything right,
I want him to do the right thing here as well."
Suddenly, Astra commented.
"The time slot you gave him.
If I am not wrong, it should be the time when Lady Elara should be exiting that room."
The figure commented.
A smile appeared on Astra's face and,
'Don't mess this up, Vaan.'



Chapter 28 Why do the jerks like this bastard get caring girls like her
"This should be Magic Training Room 8…" Vaan muttered as he stood in front of a room with 8 written on the door.
"What is he doing here?"
"Is he here to cause trouble?"
"Heh, are you crazy? Even he wouldn't be able to get out scot-free if he create trouble here."
"Is he perhaps here for Magic Practice?"
"Heh, don't joke around, when has he ever been serious about magic?"
"You are right…"
This place was full of mages who had just come out of the Magic Training Room or were waiting to go in, and the moment these mages' eyes fell on him, they started commenting.
Vaan, of course, could hear all these comments.
Since he had come to this world, he had only talked to his mother, his 5 'friends', Gabel, Aldric, and other servants, and obviously, no matter what the servants thought about him, none dared to voice their thoughts out.
But unlike servants who were scared of him, or his 'friends' who he can use his family influence to silence, these mages weren't scared of him.
Rather, they clearly looked down on him.
The Shame of the Family.
Honestly, none of the mages thought of him as a part of the Vesta Family even though the head of the family was his biological mother.
They didn't care if Vaan could hear them or not, they continued to pass comments.
Obviously, Vaan was annoyed.
He wanted to lash out in anger, however, he knew he couldn't cause trouble here. Not inside the Family grounds.
The previous Vaan had already caused enough trouble for his mother, he wouldn't add to the injury.
In the end, Vaan decided to ignore all these people and fed Mana to his cute Fire Spirit while he waited for the room to open.
He was 15 minutes earlier since he didn't wish to waste any time, the other mages seemed to have similar ideas in their minds as well, some even come here an hour before their allocated time and simply sit cross-legged and revised the Magic Theory they needed to experiment on today.
15 minutes passed by, however, the Training Magic Room didn't open. Vaan decided to wait for 5 more minutes but again, the person inside didn't come out.
With a frown on his face, Vaan stood up and walked toward the Magic Training Room,
"Hey, your time is u-"
"I am extremely sorry! I was so invested in my experiment that I forgot about the time! Please forgive me!"
Before Vaan could say anything, the door opened up and Vaan's eyes fell on a red-haired girl bowing her head in front of him, apologizing desperately.
"You…"
Vaan's expression changed as he glanced at the woman in front of him.
New streams of information rushed into Vaan's mind and this time, his brows scrunched up in pain, the memories were too big, the little fairy observed the entire situation with curious eyes, as the for red-haired girl, she still had her head down.
A few moments later, when the pain Vaan felt finally subsided, he glanced at the girl in front of him again.
And once again, he cursed the previous Vaan in his head.
"Elara…"
Vaan called out in a careful voice.
This girl was Elara Flameheart. An exceptional magical prodigy and Astra's only pupil.
According to Astra, Elara was a mage whose Magical Talent was no less than her own.
This statement caused a wave of chaos all over the Vesta City since Astra herself was a rare genius; naturally, many eyes fell on Elara, eyes full of expectations and curiosity.
 And how did the 'exceptional prodigy' react to those gazes?
She became a 4th Circle Mage at the age of 19.
In an Age where most mages barely know about the basics, an age where even the mages of the esteemed Vesta Family barely reach 2nd Circle, she had already formed her 4th Circle.
Even Astra herself only became a 4th Circle Mage when she was 20, so just going by that, Elara's talent was even better than Astra's.
However,
That was not all.
Other than being Magical Prodigy, and his mother's pupil, this girl was also Vaan's Fiancé.
Yes, a Fiancé whom the previous Vaan treated so poorly that the current Vaan wanted nothing more than slap the previous Vaan till all his teeth fall out.
Elara genuinely cared for Vaan.
Often giving out the money she had saved up for her magic research to Vaan, who had lost his money while betting with his 'friends'
Sneaking out and going against her Mentor, Astra's words to inform Vaan how his mother was planning to punish him and get him out of the troublesome situation.
Stepping up and accepting the punishment in Vaan's stead even though it was entirely his mistake.
There were even cases where she didn't even know what the matter was but she still stepped up and took all the blame.
Elara did all these things with a smile on her face, not wanting anything in return,
But even after all that…
The way Vaan treated her was worse than a servant.
Although a prodigy, Elara wasn't a Vesta, because of this, other mages of the Vesta family looked down on her and bullied her, because of this, Elara grew up to be timid.
At the start, her relationship with Vaan wasn't bad, however, as her talent started to bloom, Vaan got jealous. The stark difference in the way his mother treated him and her, how other people were in awe of her talent while only looked down on him annoyed him and this created a wedge in their relationship.
As Vaan's grew, his personality got more and more twisted, Elara, who was timid by nature, was a perfect target for Vaan, who liked to take his frustration on the 'weak'.
Pushing her away, ordering her to do chores that are done by the servants, taking away the money she earns with her own hard work, abusing, and sometimes even going as far as hitting her.
Honestly, it was surprising that Elara endured all of that without any resistance, especially knowing that she, a 4th Circle Mage, was far stronger than Vaan.
The previous Vaan didn't deserve someone like Elara, who still cared for him even after everything he did to her.
'Why do the jerks like this bastard get caring girls like her?'
Vaan couldn't help but curse in his mind.



Chapter 29 Elaras Decision
"Y-Young Master Vaan…?"
Elara, who finally raised her head, glanced at Vaan with a surprised look on her face.
Vaan who was looking at Elara taken aback,
Elara was beautiful.
She had a fair skin tone, silky red hair that flows down her face, those captivating red eyes that exude innocence, brilliance, and confusion, a slight blush on her cheek since she was embarrassed about being late, the elegant gown that amplified her beauty and stressed on her curves,
Elara was far more beautiful than any girl Vaan had ever seen, in both his lives.
'Vaan you bastard, I can't believe you lived your life the way you lived.'
Vaan cursed in his head again.
The second time was purely because he was jealous of the previous Vaan.
If only he could punch that bastard.
"Y-Young Master Vaan, why are you here?
D-Do you need some money? I-I apologize but I have just recently bought some Elemental Stones so I do not have any. Would it be alright if I gave you the Elemental Stones instead? O-Or if you can wait, I'll exchange the Elemental Stones with Gold Coins and give them to you."
Elara spoke.
From her tone, she sounded careful, it was as if she was afraid of disappointing Vaan.
"N-No, I am not here for money."
Vaan quickly shook his head.
"T-Then did you do something and need my help? I-I can take care of it, Lady Astra would go easy on me…" Astra spoke as she lowered her voice.
Astra had ordered her many times not to take the blame for Vaan's mistake, however, she cannot help herself. In her mind, she thought that if she continues to help Vaan… then maybe…
Maybe…
"No, I haven't don't anything wrong either, Elara.
I am here to use this room to practice magic."
Vaan spoke.
"W-What?" Elara was taken aback.
She did hear from her teacher that Young Master Vaan had changed. However, to think he would actually come to the Magic Training Room. Elara couldn't believe it but she was extremely happy about it.
"That is gre-"
She wanted to cheer him up, but then suddenly, Vaan grabbed her hands.
"Elara."
He called out.
"W-W-What is it, Young Master Vaan?" Elara stuttered as her blush deepened.
"Are you free right now?" Vaan questioned.
"Y-Yes, I am f-free."
"Then could you please teach me Magic Release?"
Vaan questioned.
"H-Huh?"
Elara was taken aback.
 "Can you not?" Vaan questioned with an innocent pout.
"A-Are you really sure you w-want me to teach you?"
Elara questioned.
She had tried to teach Vaan many times before, she even spent hours oversimplifying her notes so she could teach Vaan, however, every time she tried to talk about magic, Vaan always lashed out at her and pushed her away.
One time, she even left her notes in Vaan's room, hoping he would study them however, the next day, Vaan burned those notes right in front of her and all the servants before walking away in anger.
Now the same Vaan is asking her to teach him magic…
Was it some kind of prank?
Elara wasn't sure.
"Hmm? Of course! You are the genius whose talent even surpasses that of the Mother, who can be more qualified than you?
Not to mention you are also my Fiancé."
"Huh…?"
Elara's eyes widened in surprise.
This was the first time Vaan had ever called her 'fiancé'.
Different feelings welled up in her heart, the second strongest out of all was happiness, and as for the strongest…
It was fear.
She was scared that all of this is just a dirty joke played by Vaan. A new way to abuse her, this time, mentally.
Playing with her feelings like that… even Elara, who had endured all this abuse silently for all these years wasn't sure if she could endure this type of abuse.
"What do you say, Elara? Would you please help your foolish Fiancé out?" Vaan questioned with a smile on his face.
Elara looked into Vaan's eyes, trying to find the usual contempt and annoyance he had when he looked at her before, however, when she looked into Vaan's golden eyes,
Her eyes widened in surprise.
Those eyes…
She had seen those before…
Her most precious memory played out in her mind,
The memory of a 4-year-old, purple-haired, golden-eyed boy, extending his arm toward her,
"Are you the girl mother took in as her pupil? That's so cool! Mother even said that you are my Fiance! Does that mean we are best friends? Hahaha~ I can finally have a friend now! Oh! I am sorry, I didn't introduce myself! I am Vaan! Mother's son!
Nice to meet you, Fiance!"
Those kind and bright eyes that didn't look down on her just because she wasn't a Vesta like all others did…
That hand that was extended towards her when all others avoided her.
For a 5-year-old Elara, who had left her family and was brought to a completely new place where everyone seemed to avoid and hate her.
Vaan's action was like a ray of light in a dark place.
Without thinking any further, little Elara grabbed little Vaan's hand, and their friendship started.
Elara was a bright child who understood complex magic theories even though she was only 5. Of course, her body wasn't strong enough to gather Mana, so she couldn't use it, however, she still continued to study magic theories under Astra's guidance.
In her free time, she played together with Vaan.
Others avoiding her didn't matter to her anymore.
She was happy with just studying Magic Theories and spending time with Vaan.
She thought that things would stay the same for the rest of her life, however,
When she turned 12 and her body finally became strong enough to absorb Mana,
Everything changed.
Her shocking talent was revealed to the world.
People who avoided her and looked down on her started praising her, it was a good thing, however,
The hands that were extended towards her when she was at her lowest…
They started moving away…
Jealous of all the praises Elara received and angered by how people compared him with her,
Vaan distanced himself from Elara.
Elara tried to hide her skills, she even went as far as not studying magic, choosing Vaan over magic, hoping that he would return, however, that never happened.
Then a year later,
She appeared.
Seraphina Stormweaver,
The girl Vaan fell in love with.
With her appearance, Vaan completely forgot about Elara, no, it could be said that their relationship took a turn for the worse. From distancing himself to straight up bullying her...
Vaan changed...
And now...
Vaan seemed to have changed again...
Elara glanced at Vaan's hands that were holding her hands just like all those years ago and this scared her,
Should she reciprocate?
What if…
These hands move away again?
Was she ready to go through all that pain again?
All those questions popped up in Elara's mind,
She then looked into Vaan's golden eyes, the eyes of the current Vaan and the child Vaan who had extended his arm towards her superimposed,
Elara made her decision.
"I-I will help you."



Chapter 30 W Well it was your first Magic Circle so
"I-I will help you."
Elara spoke with a brave look on her face as she tightened her grip around Vaan's hands.
Seeing that look, Vaan was taken aback, he couldn't understand why this usually timid girl making an expression like that when he was just asking her to teach him magic.
'Is it because I am asking her to teach me magic? She has been trying to teach Vaan magic all this while, so is she happy because I am asking it myself?'
Vaan guessed inwardly. Then, he smiled,
'Well, I guess I should show the same determination.'
Thinking that, Vaan looked into Elara's red eyes and spoke.
"Then let us go inside. We shouldn't waste any more time."
Elara nodded.
The two then walked into the Magic Training Room.
Seeing this, the other Mages frowned. One of them pointed at them and,
"Wait… isn't that Young Master Vaan? Isn't he only a 1st Circle Mage? How is he allowed to enter the Magic Training Room? Did he sneak in here?"
"Don't be ridiculous, it is impossible to sneak in here, the guards outside aren't just normal guards, they are all high leveled mages loyal to the Vesta Family. There is no way someone like him can fool them and sneak inside. He must have a permit."
"But how did he get the permit? Only 3rd Circle Mages or above can get it."
"Are you really asking that? It must be Lady Astra."
"To show blatant favoritism like this. Am I a fool for working so hard and becoming a 3rd Circle Mage to finally obtain the chance to use the Magic Training Room? How can he use it just because his mother is the head of the Family!? I can't stand it!" the mage shouted. Then, he glanced at Vaan and,
"Hey you! You think just because you are the son of Lady Astra you can do as you please? Also, why do you even want to use the Training Room? Aren't you just a trash who never trains? Even if you plan to waste all your life and do nothing, you shouldn't waste other people's time.
Now if you understand then stop playing around and come out."
He ordered.
Hearing his words, Vaan paused, he turned around and carefully observed the mage's face. Elara, who was with him panicked, she turned around, wanting to apologize and calm the mage down, however, before she could do so,
Vaan tightened his grip around her hand, then, he walked inside the room, ignoring the mange.
Elara was taken aback by his actions, however, when she finally realized what he had done, she panicked even more,
"Young Master Vaan! He is still outsi-"
However, before she could complete her sentence, Vaan simply closed the door.
"..."
"..."
"…did he just close the door on me?" The mage who was left outside questioned in disbelief.
The other mages just glanced at him with gloating looks on their faces, they didn't care what was happening, however, they were definitely enjoying this.
Feeling embarrassed, the Mage clenched his fists in anger.
'You trash bastard… just you wait…'
Cursing in his head, the Mage simply turned around and walked away.
…
"Why did you close the door? He was still talking."
Inside the Magic Training Room, Elara spoke as she pointed at the door.
"So what?" Vaan, however, just smiled.
 "Who was he?" He questioned.
"Huh?" Elara frowned.
"Do you know who he was?" Vaan questioned again.
"I… I do not know…"
Elara lowered her head.
She felt like she should have known who that man was, however,
"Exactly," Vaan spoke up.
"He was a nobody who we have never heard of before, what right does he have to command me? Is he the head of the Family? Or the person in charge of the Magic Training Rooms? Or maybe the head guard here?
If he was just a nobody, then why should we care if he was done talking or not?"
"…" Elara didn't know what to say.
She felt like it was rude to close the door on someone like that.
And Vaan, who knew about her timid personality, knew what she was thinking, therefore, he held both her hands again and,
"Elara, you are a 4th Circle Mage, an exceptional magic prodigy, so act like one. Don't let these small fries affect you, you are far better than them."
Vaan spoke as he looked into Elara's eyes.
Then, a kind smile appeared on his face and,
"And since I have requested your help and you have accepted it,
Only focus on me.
Okay?"
"W-What?" Elara's face turned red.
Vaan chuckled.
Then, he moved back and sat on the chair,
"Shall we start our lecture then? Although talking like this is extremely enjoyable, the time we have is severely limited."
"R-Right! I came here to teach you!" Elara recalled.
"I am looking forward to your lecture, teacher," Vaan spoke.
He was expecting Elara to blush again, however, suddenly, the air around Elara changed,
"Cast a spell in front of me."
She ordered.
Vaan raised his eyebrow in surprise but he did what Elara said, the Mana around him rushed inside his body, it then circulated all around his body through his Mana Veins, and the Magic Circle was formed.
Vaan then drew the Magic Patterns inside the Circle using his Mana, soon, the temperature rose up and the flames erupted.
Elara observed the entire process carefully, Vaan, who was now looking at her for feedback, noticed her surprised expression as she turned towards him and commented,
"Your Magic Circle… it is different from what you used a year ago."
"You… you remember the Circle I used all those months ago?" Vaan questioned with a surprised look on his face.
Every Magic Circle was different, the patterns 'drawn' inside it are a result of a person's own interpretation and understanding of Magic. This is why nobody can simply copy a Mage's Magic Circle and cast the exact same spell.
Of course, remembering someone's Magic Circle was not that big of a deal, for mages who spent most of their lives drowning themselves in books, it was quite simple, however, since it was absolutely useless to do so and a mage himself had to remember quite a lot of things he needs to remember, not many mages remember other mage's circles.
Vaan doubted if even Astra remembered his previous Magic Circle…
Elara, on the other hand...
"W-Well… it was your first Magic Circle… so…"



Chapter 31 W Was I just wasting your time all this while
"You… you remember the Circle I used all those months ago?"
"W-Well… it was your first Magic Circle… so…"
Elara replied with a slight blush on her face.
Hearing her response, Vaan was taken aback, then, however, he just smiled.
"I am happy that you do."
Vaan spoke.
A small smile appeared on Elara's face, then suddenly, she shook her head and the air around her changed again,
"A-Anyways, as I was saying, your Magic Circle changed."
"I did it myself. Think of it as a proof that I changed.
I won't act like the previous Vaan did."
Vaan replied.
Elara looked into Vaan's eyes for a while, then,
"-L-Let's move on.
You have already mastered how to conjure your flames, now you probably wish to learn how to move the flames and then eventually use it to attack your opponent, right?"
She questioned.
Vaan knew he couldn't just win her trust that easily, just the fact that she was willing to help him was enough for him right now.
He would take it slow.
"Yes, that is correct." Vaan nodded.
Elara nodded in understandning. Then, she started.
"Moving the Flames and attacking your opponent isn't much different than conjuring the flames. The concept is simple, like when conjuring the flames, the Language of Magic you use means Conjure Flame, if you want your fire to move, you simply need to use the Language of Magic that means, Conjure Flame that moves.
It is similar to conjuring Flames of different shapes."
Elara spoke.
Then, she raised her hand, a Magic Circle formed, and soon, a spike made of Flames formed on top of her hand.
"You can actually try conjuring Flames with different shapes to get the hang of it," Elara spoke as the Fire in her hands continued to change the shape. From Spike, to Dagger, to Rope, to Fireball.
Seeing this, Vaan couldn't help but raise his eyebrows in amazement. What Elara just did, it was definitely not something simple. Vaan knew he could conjure Flames in different shapes if after some time, however, what Elara was doing was completely different.
Summoning Flames in different shapes is completely different than changing its shape again and again without needing to cast the spell again.
The second one was much more difficult than the first.
"Once you are comfortable, you can conjure flames that can move."
Elara spoke as the flames in her hand started moving up and down.
"Then, things get a little complicated, the Language of Magic you use here is Conjure Fireball that shoots in the direction my palm points at."
Elara spoke as she straitened her hand and pointed at the wall in the front. She drew new Magic Patterns into the circle and soon, the Fireball she conjured shot towards the wall and,
*Boom*
An explosion occurred.
There was a 5 cm deep hole in the wall along with the burned marks on the outside.
Vaan was taken aback.
 The Spell was powerful.
Much stronger than a pistol's damage.
Of course, it is much slower than the guns, but Vaan had accepted that already.
Also, it was only a 1st Circle Spell.
Vaan didn't know much, however, he remembered how his mother had sealed his movement without any effort that day. She cast a complicated spell like that within an instant, so Vaan was sure that this issue of speed would be solved as he grows.
Anyways, while Vaan was thinking all this, he noticed that the Wall was suddenly reverting back to its original form.
'So this is the 'Restoration' the Magic Training Room is famous for.'
Thinking that Vaan had enough time for himself, Elara continued,
"The more advanced version of this would be Conjure Fireball that first shoots forward, then moves right once more Mana is injected into the Circle.
Then the last and the most advanced version would be,
Conjure Fireball that changes its direction according to the amount of Mana injected into the Circle
This way, you can change the direction of your fireball at your will.
This is also commonly known as the complete Fireball Spell.
A Spell that is a sign of a peak 1st Circle Mage.
Since that is the longest 'command' a 1st Circle Mage can draw inside his Magic Circle.
Of course, right now, we are not talking about the role of 'Inner Circles'.
That is a more advanced topic and mages tend to ignore the basics after they learn using Inner Circles since they feel it is an easy way out, so to avoid that, we will talk about them once you master this.
And yes, the trick I did before where I continuously changed the shape of flames, I did it using Inner Circles, so Young Master Vaan doesn't have to rack his brain over it."
Hearing Elara's words, Vaan scratched the back of his head.
'She is sharp.'
He thought but then, he shook his head to clear his mind.
He would try it on his own now.
Seeing that he had started focusing, Elara stepped back and,
"Do not take any pressure on your mind, take it slow, first focus on the shapes, the Magic Pattern shouldn't be much different from conjuring the Flames, if you want, I can show you my Magic Patterns for reference, wait a while, I will draw those patterns in a bo-"
*Boom*
While Elara was speaking all this, she heard an explosion.
She opened her eyes and realized that Vaan had unleashed his Fire spell toward the wall.
"!!!"
Her eyes widened in surprise.
"W-Was I just wasting your time all this while? Y-Young Master Vaan already knew the basic theory of shooting a spell... You should have stopped me if that was the case…"
"Huh? What do you mean? I only managed to succeed because you made it so simple.
I never tried linking the Language of Magic with what I wanted, I was comparing it with what the books showed and created my own pattern after many trials and errors.
However, now that I linked my Pattern with words like Conjure Flames, things become a lot simpler.
These Magic Patterns are just what they say they are, the Language of Magic.
I just need to link certain words with certain magic patterns, and once I combine that,
I can cast any spell!"
Vaan spoke with an excited smile on his face.



Chapter 32 Scaring the Magic Prodigy
"I can cast any spell!"
Vaan spoke with an excited smile on his face.
However, when his eyes fell wall, he realized that the power behind his spell was a lot weaker the Elara's spell.
Let alone creating a 5 cm deep hole, his spell couldn't even create a minor crack, there were only a few burnt marks but from the looks of it, they didn't look much.
"That's a little too weak… A normal punch on the nose would be stronger than that…"
Vaan commented as he started thinking about what went wrong.
Soon, his expression changed as he realized his mistake,
"Ahh! That's it! I used Conjure Flames and shoot at the direction my palm points at, I skipped the shaping part, and since the Flames didn't have any fixed shape, the strength behind it decreased." Vaan realized.
"A shape huh…"
Then, he started thinking, the Mana around him rushed into his body, a new Magic Circle was formed, then, he drew the patterns,
*Flicker*
Flames were created and then, they moved and formed a Flame Spike.
"Mhm, this is it."
Vaan nodded in satisfaction, he then stopped feeding Mana to his Magic Circle, the Circle broke apart, he gathered Mana again, and a new Magic Circle formed, this time, the Patterns he drew were different from before,
*Flicker*
Flame Spike was formed.
Vaan then extended his palm toward the wall and,
*BOOM*
This time, the explosion was far stronger than his previous attack.
The smoke disappeared, this time, not only was the hole created, it was a 7cm deep hole, there were no burnt marks around the hole, however, that was within Vaan's expectation.
"As I thought, the impact of Fireball was wider, hence weaker, Flame Spike, on the other hand, focuses on a single point and is stronger."
Vaan analyzed as he nodded to himself.
"H-H-How are you doing that!?"
Suddenly, Elara shouted.
"Wha- What happened?" He questioned, a little taken aback by her sudden outburst.
"Did you already prepare these spells beforehand?" Elara questioned.
"Huh? Of course not. As I said, I am only doing what you told me to do."
"S-So you are telling me that this is your first time conjuring a Flame Spike and you haven't studied it before?"
"What is there to study about it?" Vaan questioned back.
"How do you know the Magic Patterns you need to conjure the Flame Spike if you haven't studied it yet!?"
"Huh?"
Vaan frowned.
"Didn't you just say that I need to link the Language of Magic and my needs,
I thought about conjuring Flames and shaping them into a Spike and the pattern just instinctively came into my mind."
"I-Instinctively…?"
 Elara stuttered.
Then with a fearful look on her face, she glanced at Vaan and questioned.
"T-Then are you saying that you just thought about it and the pattern came to your mind?"
"Isn't that how it works?" Vaan questioned back and Elara's eyes widened in horror.
What kind of ridiculous ability is this!?
Mages may look cool and strong, standing at a place bombarding your enemies with various spells, it seems simple enough, however, only the mages know how much effort it takes to 'bombard your enemies with various spells'.
Unlike swordsmen, who can simply train their bodies by doing the same movement again and again, Mages were completely different. They had to drown themselves in magic books, reading magic theories left by different Mages just so they could understand the concept of Magic Language.
Mages cannot just simply copy the Magic Circles and Patterns left by previous Mages and cast their spells by injecting Mana into the copied Circle.
Every Mage had his own way to interpret Magic Language,
Every mage had to use a different pattern to conjure even the simplest of flames and there has never been a case where any 2 mages have the exact same Magic Patterns for the same spell.
What did that mean?
It meant that Mages had to analyze different other Mages, see how they interpreted a particular spell, understand it, read more magic theories about the said spell, comprehend the concept of the spell, understand why the previous Mage used the patterns he used in his circle and only after hours, days, months or even years of study and countless trials and errors are they finally able to 'Understand' the Magic Spell, 'Interpret' it in their own way, and find the Magic Patterns they need to cast the said spell.
It was like exploring a whole different language by analyzing and researching other languages.
And Mages have to do this for every single one of their spells!
The stronger the spell, the more complicated the pattern and the more difficult it is to understand and interpret it.
Mages spent most of their lives creating their spells… and…
And on the other hand, stood this man…
W-Who…
Who simply thinks and the required patterns come to his mind…
J-Just... how is that possible...?
"…ara"
"Elara."
"Elara!"
"Huh? Y-Yes!"
Elara finally came back to her senses as she heard Vaan's voice.
"Elara, are you alright?"
Vaan questioned with a worried look on his face as he gently held Elara's hands.
"I-I am alright." Elara nodded. Then, she looked into Vaan's eyes,
"Young Master Vaan, I have a request."
"What can I do for you?" Vaan questioned.
"Please conjure flames in all the shapes I showed you before,"
Elara requested.
She had to confirm it.
She couldn't just believe Vaan's words, no matter how much she wanted to trust Vaan's words, however, this absurdity, she could not just trust it without any concrete proof.
"What?" Vaan frowned.
"Please do it, Young Master," Elara spoke with a serious look on her face.
Seeing that, Vaan didn't know how to react, he was confused.
However, seeing Elara's eyes, Vaan decided to first fulfill her request.
He closed his eyes, the Mana around him moved and,
*Flicker*
Flame Spike was formed.
Vaan created the Magic Circle again and then,
*Flicker*
Flame Dagger was formed.
Then,
*Flicker*
The Fire Rope.
*Flicker*
And the Fireball.
One by one, Vaan showed all the shapes Elara did.
"H-How about you conjure a Fire Bow now?"
"A bow?" Vaan questioned.
"Yes."
Vaan closed his eyes as he imagined a Fire bow in his head, soon, however, his brows scrunched up,
"I… I can't do that…
My mind is completely blank and nothing is coming up."
Vaan replied.
Elara narrowed her eyes. Then,
*Flicker*
She conjured a Fire Bow.
Vaan's eyes instinctively fell on her magic circle as he noticed what Magic Patterns she used.
"Can you do it now?" Elara questioned.
Vaan closed his eyes again, and then,
*Flicker*
A Fire Bow which was exactly the same as Elara's was created.
"!!!"
Elara's eyes widened in horror.
'T-T-That's beyond the level of a Prodigy.'



Chapter 33 No, it is you who is the problem here
'T-T-That's beyond the level of a Prodigy.'
Elara couldn't believe her eyes as she saw the Fire Bow Vaan had created.
It was exactly similar to hers, it was as if he simply copied her spell.
An ability to copy other Mage's spells...
Elara thought this was Vaan's 'gift', which was quite scary in itself, however, when her eyes fell on Vaan's Magic Circle, she realized that the Patterns drawn were completely different than hers.
Vaan had not copied her patterns.
That meant, that in this short while, Vaan analyzed her Magic Patterns, compared them with his own, then created a pattern for himself with her patterns as a reference!
T-That's...
What kind of absurd comprehension ability is that!?
No, it couldn't even be called 'comprehension ability' anymore, it was... it was just...
Elara had no words.
"Y-Young Master Vaan..."
She could only stutter.
"Vaan."
Suddenly, Vaan spoke up.
"Huh?" Elara frowned.
"You are my Fiance, Elara. It won't look nice if you keep calling me Young Master Vaan, call me Vaan,"
"B-But how can I-"
"Elara, do you want to give others the wrong idea that the two of us are not close to each other?" Suddenly, Vaan spoke up.
Then, he held Elara's hands again and,
"Even before being Fiances, aren't the two of us friends? Shouldn't we be calling each other using names?"
Vaan questioned.
The words 'friends' echoed throughout Elara's head,
'Does that mean we are best friends now? Hahaha~'
She recalled how Vaan laughed together with her in the past.
"We are friends, right?" Vaan questioned.
Hearing Vaan's question, Elara weakly nodded her head.
"Then what should you call me?"
"V-Vaan."
"See? That's a lot better, isn't it?"
Vaan smiled.
"Anyways, what should I do next? I am improving a lot quicker because you are teaching me, so I don't want to waste any time."
Elara glanced at Vaan for a while. Her mind had stopped thinking about it for a while since she was so embarrassed, however, right now, she was actually standing in front of a ridiculous genius.
Lady Astra was right.
Youn- Vaan was a rare genius. Her theory about him being more talented than the Archmage... honestly, even Elara didn't really believe it, she felt like Lady Astra was saying it because she loved Vaan, however, now...
 She finally realized it...
Lady Astra...
Her theory wasn't wrong.
Vaan's talent was ridiculously high and this time, he was actually willing to put in the required hard work to make his talent bloom.
Thinking all that, a fire erupted inside Elara's heart.
Young Master Vaan, she would do her best to help him grow into a great Mage.
"Young Maste-"
"Vaan."
"R-Right, V-Vaan, you should now use Conjure Fireball that changes its direction according to the amount of Mana I inject into the Circle, do you need me to show it to you?"
Vaan closed his eyes, then, he opened them and glanced at Elara,
"Please show it to me once."
He requested.
Elara nodded,
A Magic Circle formed, she then drew her Magic Pattern and,
*Whoosh*
The Fireball she summoned shot forward, then just as it was about to touch the wall, it moved up, then before touching the ceiling, it moved right, then left, then it came back, move down, and then finally moved towards the wall and,
*Boom*
An Explosion was heard.
After demonstrating, Elara glanced at Vaan.
Honestly, she was skipping a step here, before learning this, one should learn the lesser version of the same, Conjure Fireball that first shoots forward, then moves right once more Mana is injected into the Circle.
However, if it was Vaan...
Elara believed that he would be able to do it.
This was also her way of testing Vaan again. She had seen his monstrous talent already, however, that was something she could still not get enough of. She wanted to test Vaan's limits at every possible level.
*Whoosh*
And there it was.
Vaan conjured a Flames, not in the shape of a Fireball, but a Fire Spike, and right now, his Fire Spike was moving all over the Magic Training Room without any problems whatsoever.
"Ah, so that's how it is, I simply 'set' the conditions, if we take Mana as a drop of water, then adding 1 drop of water into the circle moves the Spike to the right, 2 drops, to the left, 3 drops, to the bottom and continue. The more directions we 'set' the more Mana we would have to use, but since we can control the Fires Spike all the way, it is worth it."
Vaan analyzed.
'H-He copied this as well...'
Elara, on the other hand, was still shocked.
To think a Mage who had just started learning the concept of Magic Release an hour ago was now a Peak Mage capable of casting a Complete Fire Spike Spell.
Elara didn't know how to react.
Even she needed an entire day to get to this point, and she only managed to master it so quickly because she had been studying the Magic Theories ever since she was 5 and already knew what Magic Patterns she had to draw.
"C-Can you now do Conjure Fireball that first shoots forward, then moves right once more Mana is injected into the Circle yourself?" She questioned.
Vana simply nodded, this time, he didn't even close his eyes, he absorbed the surrounding Mana, formed the Magic Circle,
*Flicker*
Fireball formed, it shot forward and before hitting the wall, it moved to the right and collided with the right wall.
"Magic Release is quite simple, I wonder why the books made it out to be something that most mages dreaded. Do other mages have some problem with their heads? Isn't the Magic Release the simplest and the most exciting part about the Magic?" Vaan laughed.
'No, it is you who is the problem here. Not the other mages.'
Elara wanted to say it out loud.
"Or maybe it's because my teacher is amazing?"
"No, it is because you are a genius, Young ma-"
"Hmmmm?"
"I meant, it is because you are a genius, Vaan. Lady Astra was right, you are a Mage whose potential surpasses that of the Archmage."
Elara spoke with a kind smile on her face.
Hearing those words, Vaan smiled as well, he clenched his fists in determination.
"We still have an hour, shall we try out some other variations?" Elara questioned.
"Of course!"
Vaan nodded with a smile on his face.



Chapter 34 Cry about it, bitch
Vaan was satisfied.
These past two hours, his learning efficiency had been so high that he felt like in just these 2 hours, the progress he made was comparable to all the progress he made since he had come to this world.
They didn't just create different shapes or practice magic shooting, Elara also taught him other different spells like Burn, Burst, Fireworks, Fire with no heat. Individually, these Spells were useless, however, Elara mentioned that these spells would be useful when Vaan becomes 2nd Circle Mage. Not to mention using Fire in all these creative ways improved Vaan's Magic Control.
Anyways, it wasn't just Vaan who was satisfied by today's gains.
Elara was the same as well.
Although she did not gain any useful Magic knowledge that could help her, for her, this session was far more precious.
Spending these 2 hours with Vaan, honestly, she didn't even realize how quickly the time passed.
Practicing and exploring Magic with Vaan as they talked and giggled together, she usually dreamt about these situations, but with how the previous Vaan pushed her away and hated studying magic, she thought it was impossible.
Today, however, she finally got to live her dream.
A dream that was even more satisfying than her actual dreams.
Honestly, there was still a seed of uncertainty in Elara's heart, Vaan's sudden change, it was too surprising and she was still scared that all of this might be a prank to fool with her.
She couldn't trust Vaan that easily no matter how hard she tried.
However, whenever these doubts ate her away, she glanced at Vaan and seeing that genuine smile on his face as he experimented with the magic and how he smiled kindly whenever he looked at her... Elara felt a little secure...
It was a conflicting feeling where her heart felt at ease when she glanced at Vaan but soon her brain starts imagining all these different scenarios where Vaan emotionally abuses her and laughs at her for falling for his act... just thinking about that scenario twisted Elara's heart in pain.
Soon, however, Elara shook her head as she bury these feelings in her heart and put on a smile on her face.
Vaan smiled as well.
With smiles on their faces, the two came out of the Magic Training Room, however, what greeted them was the sight of Mages looking at them with side eyes as they whispered amongst themselves.
"Isn't that the Waste? Why is he here?"
"Yes, isn't he just a 1st Circle Mage, who allowed him to come here?"
"Was it that Flameheart? She should be grateful that the Vesta Family even allowed her to use its facility but she dares to break the rules and bring that waste here?"
"Does she really think that just because she is Lady Astra's Pupil, she could get away with anything?"
"I will raise an official complain."
"I will support you as well."
The whispers continued and Elara, who heard all of them lowered her head, but then,
Vaan grabbed her hand.
She looked into Vaan's eyes and saw him smiling at her, a small smile appeared on Elara's face.
Her heart calmed down.
Just as she thought, if she was with Vaan, other people didn't matter.
Seeing that she was alright, Vaan decided to walk away.
These people were only whispering amongst themselves, so causing a scene here would be problematic, right now, the best solution was to walk away.
However, just as Vaan and Elara were about to walk away, a Mage stepped in front of them.
"Oi, why are you here?"
The Mage questioned.
Vaan paused.
"I am asking you, waste.
 Why are you here?
Don't you know that only the 3rd Circle Mages of above are allowed to be here?
Give me a proper reason, or else it won't end up well for you."
The Mage spoke in an authoritative tone.
Vaan's mouth twitched.
He was already weak in the patience department to begin with, he was actually proud of himself for smartly deciding to walk away.
He felt like he was improving but,
'This little bitch just had to ruin it.'
Vaan cursed inwardly as he glanced at the Mage in front of him with an annoyed look on his face.
"Don't give me that look. I am not your servant.
Do you think I won't act on my words just because you are Lady Astra's son?" The Mage glared at Vaan.
Vaan's last string of reason finally broke off.
He rubbed the back of his neck and then, he turned towards his fiancé,
"Elara, do you know who he is?"
Elara glanced at the mage and with a timid look on her face, then she shook her head.
A big smile appeared on Vaan's face,
"Heh? Even a nobody dares to interrogate me, huh? I have really fallen, haven't I?"
"What? Did you just call me a nobody?" The mage's eyes shrunk.
"Is that not who you are?" Vaan, however, was not intimidated.
Seeing this, the mage was taken aback.
Obviously, it was not his first time dealing with Vaan, he had met him before, at first, he felt a little intimidated since Vaan was the son of Lady Astra and was known for lashing out at his servants, however, other senior mages who he had sucked up to just laughed when they heard his worries and took him to Vaan.
That day, he learned something.
Vaan would only act up if you allow him to, if you go up to him and order him around with an intimidating look on your face, he would whimper like a little child.
He was a prime example of a pushover, a natural wimp.
Since then, whenever the Mage saw Vaan, he always lashed out, since Vaan reciprocated well, he often let his frustration out on him.
Honestly, the Mage was actually surprised that Vaan didn't start whimpering the moment he saw him like he used to.
Then the mage saw him holding Elara's hand and realized,
'Is he acting like that because he is with his girl? That Flameheart is his finance, isn't she? I heard they weren't close but I guess that was a false rumor.
Heh, this will be fun.'
The Mage laughed inwardly.
Then, he walked towards Vaan and,
"Waste, do you really think you can ge-Bhlbbh!!"
Before the mage could his sentence, Vaan punched his face.
"You really are daring, arencha?" Vaan spoke as he cracked his fist with a big smile on his face.
"You dar-Guuaaahhh!!"
The mage was about to retort, however, Vaan simply stepped forward and landed an uppercut.
The punch was so well connected that the Mage was stunned for a moment, his body lost its strength and he fell down.
And that was not it.
"Khwaaakk!!"
The Mage coughed out blood. Not just blood, but a small part of something fleshy fell from his mouth as well.
It was his tongue.
The uppercut was too sudden.
The mage's body trembled in rage and agony, the blood coming out of his mouth wasn't stopping, he glared at Vaan with so much hatred that his eyes turned red.
"I'll kwill you!!"
The mage screamed as his eyes shined and the Mana around him rushed into his body.
3 Magic Circles formed around him but then,
*Bam*
Vaan simply kicked his face, interrupting the spell.
"You coward!"
"Cry about it, bitch."
Vaan spoke with a wide smile on his face as he stomped on the Mage's face with everything he had. The Mage tried to defend it with his hands, but the position he was in was too disadvantageous,
Barrage of kicks and stomps, the mage could only take it lying on down.
While the rest of the mages and Elara saw the entire scene play out with horrified looks on their faces.



Chapter 35 The Vesta Family is fair
"Young Master Vaan..."
Gabel walked into Vaan's room with a worried look on his face. Vaan, who was feeding his little Fairy frowned,
Gabel never walks in without knocking, what happened?
"What is it, Gabel?"
Vaan questioned.
"You are summoned to the Vesta Hall," Gabel spoke.
"The Vesta Hall?" Vaan raised his eyebrow.
The Vesta Hall was the place where meetings regarding Vesta House's Matters are held, for him to be summoned there...
'Ah...'
"Alright."
Vaan nodded as he stood up.
"Krii~"
The fairy who was still not full pouted.
Vaan smiled as he patted her head, then, he walked out of the room.
The moment he came out of his room, Vaan noticed 2 guards standing in front of him.
"They are here to take you, Young Master Vaan..."
Gabel spoke with a strange look on his face.
Vaan narrowed his eyes, he glanced at the guards who were looking at him with a strict looks on their faces, however, none of them made any moves.
"I will go there myself." He ordered.
"We are ordered to follow you, Young Master Vaan."
One of the guards spoke.
"Do whatever you wish." Vaan started walking towards the Vesta Hall.
10 minutes later, as he walked into the Hall, his eyes fell on his mother, who was sitting on a throne with an expressionless look on her face.
Vaan looked around, as his eyes fell on all these new faces, streams of memories rushed into his mind, his uncles and aunts, he started recalling them all.
Honestly, there was nothing much to recall, the previous Vaan didn't have a close relation with any of his uncles, aunts, or siblings, rather than close, he was actually hated by most of them.
It was to the point where these 'relatives' of his made sure to jump at him at any opportunity they could find, trying their best to kick him out of the family.
If it wasn't for Astra standing behind his back, he would have been kicked around many times now.
"Heh."
A small smile appeared on Vaan's face.
Then, he looked around and walked towards Elara.
"Hello, Fiance."
He laughed.
"How are you laughing in this situation? Do you not know why you are called?"
Elara questioned with a worried look on her face.
"Don't worry, nothing will happen." Vaan smiled as he stood next to Elara.
 "Since Vaan is here as you wished, let's start the meeting," Astra spoke as she glanced at a certain man sitting on the chair.
"Family Head, many Mages have reported that they have seen Young Master Vaan using the Magic Training Room which is reserved for 3rd Circle Mages or higher."
A man spoke up as he glared at Vaan.
Vaan looked at the man.
Rylan Vesta, his mother's cousin, his 'uncle', and a 6th Circle Mage.
For some reason, this person always stood in the forefront whenever there was a charge against Vaan.
The previous Vaan was very fearful of him. Just his gaze alone was enough for the previous Vaan to tremble and lower his head.
Of course, the current Vaan didn't give a shit.
Heck, he didn't even acknowledge the man's existence.
He was busy talking with Elara, who couldn't seem to calm down because of the 'troublesome' situation.
Seeing that Vaan was ignoring him, a vein popped on Rylan's face.
"Family Head! Young Master Vaan has gone too far this time! He should be punished!" Rylan raised his voice.
"Punished for what exactly?"
Astra questioned.
"The Magic Training Rooms are protected by the guards of the Vesta Family. Do you think Vaan just sneaked inside without the guards knowing?
I was the one who permitted him to enter the Magic Training Room for 2 hours. He did not break any rules.
To not even look into the situation at all and directly demand that Vaan should be punished.
Rylan, do you have something against Vaan? Something you are dissatisfied with?"
Astra questioned as she narrowed her eyes.
Rylan's expression changed.
This was strange. Astra always protected Vaan, however, this time, she was coming off a little too strongly. Not to mention she even allowed him to enter the Magic Training Room... that never happened before.
Something wasn't right...
However, Rylan wasn't planning to back down just because of that.
"Family Head, I know that Young Master Vaan is your son, however, you still cannot show blatant favoritism like that. Young Master Vaan is only a 1st Circle Mage, Magic Training Rooms should only be used by 3rd Circle Mages or above, if we allow Young Master Vaan to use those rooms just because he is Family Head's son, it wouldn't leave a good impact on Family Head's image."
Rylan spoke up.
"Oh? I didn't know I had to discuss it with you before deciding on minor issues like this. Maybe you don't think I am capable enough to make these simple decisions myself?"
Astra spoke with a small smile on her face.
A deafening silence fell over the Hall.
Rylan nearly stepped back in fear.
"N-No, t-that's not it, Family Head. F-Family Head is of course more than capable of making decisions like that."
Rylan stuttered.
"I-I was just saying that the m-mages who worked hard to become 3rd Circle Mage would feel wronged. Time is of crucial essence for budding mages, if we permit Young Master Vaan to use the Magic Training Room, it would waste other mages' time..."
"Bring him here," Suddenly, Astra ordered.
A mage was then brought in.
"I greet the Family head." The Mage bowed his head.
"He is Dilian Vesta, a 4th Circle Mage, I gave Dilian's Magic Training Room slot to Vaan. Dilian, do you have any problem with that?" Astra questioned.
"If Young Master Vaan can improve from this, I can gladly give a few of my slots to him."
Dilian bowed his head.
"Do you have anything else to say?" Astra then glanced at Rylan.
"..."
Rylan turned silent.
He didn't think that Astra would bring out a mage like that.
'She was prepared...'
Rylan looked into Astra's eyes and seeing that dismissive look on her face that looked like she was dealing with a small fry, he couldn't help but clench his fists in frustration.
"Don't think you will be compensated in any way if you voluntarily give your slot away." Suddenly, another man spoke up. He then glanced at Dilian with an intimidating look and,
"Are you sure are okay with your slot being taken away? You can speak your mind carefreely, the Vesta Family is fair."



Chapter 36 Someone with Astra in his name cannot be disrespected
"Are you sure are okay with your slot being taken away? You can speak your mind carefreely, the Vesta Family is fair."
A man spoke up with a threatening look on his face.
His intentions were clear.
He wanted Dilian to back off and take back his statement.
Anyone could understand it if they saw the intimidating gaze he was watching Dilian with. It was clearly an open threat, something that shouldn't be allowed in the Vesta Hall, however, none dared to voice out anything against the man.
That was because this man was Draven Vesta.
Astra's older brother, a 7th Circle Mage.
The man who holds the highest power in the family after Astra.
In front of someone like Draven, someone like Dilian could only give up.
Under normal conditions that is.
Dilian simply glanced at Astra, there was no particular change on her face, however,
"Yes, Lord Draven. I am grateful that you are looking out for me, but as I said, if it means that Young Master Vaan can improve, then I am perfectly fine with my slot being taken away."
In Vesta Family, Astra's influence was absolute.
Draven may be her older brother, however, in front of Astra, Draven's influence was nothing.
After all, Astra alone could fight everyone in this room together.
She was that strong.
This was also the reason why everyone targeted Vaan.
They wanted to weaken Astra's position.
Vaan's own presence was something these people never considered; he was merely a 'medium'.
A medium to attack Astra.
And since he had gotten a chance to attack Astra again, Draven was not planning to leave it so easily.
"Alright then, you can leave now, Dilian."
Draven ordered.
Dilian glanced at Astra.
Astra nodded, Dilian then turned around and left.
Draven glanced at Rylan and nodded.
Rylan, however, hesitated.
Astra was coming out stronger than she normally does...
'Do not worry, you stand in an advantageous position here. Don't let all your efforts up until now be ruined.'
Suddenly, Rylan heard Draven's voice in his head.
Sound Magic.
Rylan glanced at Draven, he regained some of his confidence and nodded.
Then,
"Family Head, I would like to call Medic Alaric," Rylan spoke up.
Astra nodded.
 Soon, Medic Alaric was brought in.
"Medic Alaric, can you tell us about Kael Vesta's condition?"
Rylan spoke up.
"Sir Kael Vesta is currently in the infirmary, his tongue was cut off so he is having a hard time eating and drinking, I have dealt with the wounds but since the tongue is a sensitive organ, the wounds often open up which leads to constant bleeding inside the mouth.
It can be extremely risky if the patient is unconscious, in some cases, one can even choke to death.
Not only that, there are bruises all over his face, his nose is broken, the injuries on his head are not ordinary either, there are many blood vessels clogged around at one place, some of these vessels have significantly weakened, it is to the point where they burst apart by even slightest of movements.
There are also signs of his brain being affected, his condition may be stable right now, however, if high-leveled Heal is not used, then Sir Kael would need at least 2 years to completely recover."
The Medic reported.
When Vaan heard these words,
He nodded in satisfaction.
'Hm Hm, as I thought, my expertise in hospitalizing someone for more than a year is still there.'
A proud look appeared on his face.
Elara, on the other hand, was horrified.
She knew where this was going.
Lord Rylan was going to use this to try and punish Vaan!
And this time, since the condition the Medic described was so critical, the punishment wouldn't be simple locking in the library either.
Elara panicked, soon, however, a determined expression appeared on her face.
She had decided,
She would take the blame on herself.
The punishment might be a little harsh, however, if she could save Vaan, it would be worth it!
With that thought in her mind, Elara stepped forward,
"It was me wh-"
"Family Head, Kael Vesta, whose condition the Medic just described comes from a subordinate family. He is a talented child who has inherited our Family name through his own efforts.
Kael didn't know that it was Lady Astra who had given Young Master Vaan the permission to enter the Magic Training Room, in his ignorance, he asked Young Master Vaan why he was there and told him that it was against the rules,
However, Young Master Vaan used cowardly ways to attack him and put him in critical condition. 14 Mages witnessed this scene, I have all 14 of them on standby, if the Family Head allows, I can call them here."
Before Elara could say anything, Rylan spoke up.
Astra narrowed her eyes.
If Vaan really did do this, then saving him would be difficult.
No, if Vaan did this, then Astra decided that it was better to severely punish him and teach him a lesson.
With a cold look on her face, Astra ordered. "Call the witnesses."
Rylan's smile widened, and soon, the 14 mages present in the Magic Training Hall that day were called. They quickly agreed with Rylan's words, Astra's gaze turned cold, she glanced at Vaan and while holding her anger, she questioned.
"Is there anything you would like to say?"
"Teache-" Elara wanted to jump in, however, her body moved on its own and her mouth was shut close.
Astra had used Magic.
"I only permitted Vaan to speak," Astra spoke as she glared at Vaan.
"He disrespected me."
"An-"
"Are you saying you would hit people if they disrespect you!?" Rylan shouted, interrupting Astra's sentence.
"My honor is connected to my mother's honor, I cannot allow someone to trample over me, that would harm my mother's image.
He called me a Waste in front of everybody and acted like he was in charge inside the Magic Training Hall, trying to order me around.
He may have Vesta in his name and he may be a 3rd Circle Mage, however, that doesn't mean he can order me around.
I had to teach it to him.
Someone with Astra in his name cannot be disrespected."
Vaan replied with a calm look on his face.
"Was he even wrong though? You are 20 and you are merely a 1st Circle Mage, from Vesta Family's perspective, calling you a waste wasn't wrong, was it?" Rylan spoke as he glanced at Vaan.
Pushing Vaan into a corner as he trembled in fear, it was one of his favorite activities, especially when he does it right in front of Astra's eyes.
However,
"Then isn't he even more of a waste if he got beaten up by a waste?
Why are we even discussing this any further when only a trash was shown his place?"
The current Vaan was different.



Chapter 37 Are you dumb
"Then isn't he even more of a waste if he got beaten up by a waste?
Why are we even discussing this any further when only a trash was shown his place?"
Vaan spoke with an uninterested look on his face.
"What right does he have to call me a waste? You cannot disrespect someone and expect them to not retaliate, I believe it was Karl's own fault. He should have picked his opponent more carefully. If he was expecting Astra Elysia Vesta's son to simply accept his bullying, then I apologize, but that will not happen.
I am not that easy to bully."
Vaan looked straight into Rylan's eyes.
It was as if he was sending out a message.
Astra observed Vaan for a while, at first, she thought that she needed to punish Vaan, however... maybe...
Maybe what Vaan was doing was necessary.
Astra decided to trust her son and let it play out.
Hearing Vaan's words, Rylan and the other people in the Hall were taken aback.
Was... was he really the same Vaan? What happened to him? When did he get daring enough to talk back in the Vesta Hall?
"You are bragging about all this when the only thing you did was attack him when he was not prepared. You say that you did all this because your mother's name is connected with yours and you cannot shame her, but don't you think these cowardly methods of yours are ruining your mother's image more?
The only son of one of the Strongest Mages in the world is attacking an unprepared opponent and is now bragging about it in the Hall in front of everyone, you think this is appropriate?" Rylan questioned as he narrowed his eyes still trying to pressure Vaan.
"I won. Why does it matter how I did it? Also, cowardly? What cowardly action are you talking about? He walked towards me without any defenses, was it my fault that I used it to my advantage? You think your enemy would let you go just because you are dumb?"
"But he was not your enemy."
"I do not know about you, but anyone who disrespects me or my mother is an enemy in my eyes."
"..."
Rylan turned silent as he glared at Vaan.
Someone like Vaan talking back to him in front of everyone, it was embarrassing.
Rylan was angry. He clenched his trembling fists, then, another idea popped up in his mind.
Rylan controlled his anger as he took in a few breaths, then, with a scheming smile on his face, he looked at Vaan and,
"You are proud that you defeated him, aren't you?"
"Not really."
Vaan shrugged.
It was as easy as beating a child. That Kael dude didn't know jackshit about fighting.
What kind of fool would try and gather Mana rather than trying to get away from the opponent who is stomping his face?
"Then why don't you two settle your grudges in a Magic Duel, like the real Vestas do? How about it?" Rylan spoke with a big smile on his face.
Vaan narrowed his eyes,
"Are you asking me to fight him using Magic?"
"Didn't you say you do not wish to ruin your mother's image? How about you shut everyone up by defeating Kael in a Magic Duel? I am sure that would solve everything, wouldn't it? You have done it before, what's stopping you from doing it again, right?"
"..."
Vaan turned silent.
Seeing this, Rylan's smile widened.
"What happened, Vaan? Why are you silent now? You aren't thinking of backing away, are you? You won't do it after all that talk about how your mother's image is important to you, right?"
 Rylan's smile was so big that it almost looked inhumane.
He finally got this bastard. He dared to go against him? Now it was time to pay for what he did.
Vaan was trapped. He couldn't possibly fight, neither could he back away. both the choices in front of him were bad.
Or...
That was what Rylan thought.
But,
"Are you dumb?" Suddenly, Vaan questioned.
"Huh...?"
His question created a ripple of shocked gasps.
Silence fell all over the Vesta Hall.
Did... did Vaan just call Rylan Vesta, his uncle, dumb...? That too in a full Hall, in front of everyone...?
Nobody could believe what they heard.
Even Astra was taken aback.
"What... did you say...?"
Rylan questioned. He still couldn't believe what he just heard.
"Asking a 1st Circle to have a Magic Duel against a 3rd Circle Mage? Isn't that just dumb? Why the hell would I do that?"
Vaan questioned.
Did this bastard really think he could push him to fight someone stronger than him?
He wasn't one of those dumb 'heroes' who get manipulated by enemies and then try to do something clearly impossible only to get in trouble later.
He was the one who manipulates, not the one who gets manipulated.
"You defeated him before, did you not? What's the problem now?" Rylan smiled.
There is no way he would allow Vaan to get out of this situation, especially now that Vaan dared to say those words in front of everyone like that, in Rylan eyes, Vaan was no longer a 'medium' to target Astra. He was now the target.
Of course, Vaan couldn't care less.
Rylan's foolish tactics, he would make sure to shove it back into his ass.
"You are a 6th Circle Mage, aren't you?"
Vaan questioned with a slight smile on his face.
"Huh? What does that have to do with this situation?" Rylan narrowed his eyes.
"Let's not talk about an 8th Circle Mage, just have a Magic Duel against a 7th Circle Mage, my mother.
If you agree to it, I would agree to duel against the Karl dude as well, how about it?"
Vaan suggested.
Rylan's expression changed.
"This is not the same." He retorted as he narrowed his eyes.
"Huh? I mean, if you think I can fight against someone with 2 more circles than me, then I am sure you are capable of fighting someone with just 1 more circle than you, right?
You aren't insinuating that you are more of a waste than me, right?" Vaan smiled.
"You..." Rylan's face reddened in rage,
"What happened, Uncle Rylan? Why are you silent now? You aren't thinking of backing away, are you?" Vaan repeated Rylan's own words against him. The expression on Rylan's face was a sight to see.
"A Magic Duel huh? It has been a while since people have witnessed a battle between high-level mages, it would be an eye-opener for the younger generation,
What do you think, Rylan?"
Suddenly, Astra questioned with a slight smile on her face.
"I... I would love to volunteer but I am in the middle of M-Magic Research, even taking out time for this Hall m-meeting was difficult, a duel would be very difficult, Family Head. I apologize...."
Rylan stuttered, cold sweat covering his face.
"Magic Research, huh.
Must be quite an important research, do share the results with us, Uncle Rylan. I am sure it would be something amazing since it is something Uncle is spending his time on.
Heh."
Vaan laughed out loud.
Not only he, but other mages in the Hall were also all smiling as well. They all knew this 'Magic Research' was nothing but Rylan's way of getting out of this situation.
Rylan lowered his head in embarrassment.
Since he had shut up, the matter regarding Kael quickly died down.
Judgment was passed,
Kael was disrespectful and acted out of line, his condition was his own fault, however, Vaan's blows were a little too heavy, and since Vesta Family doesn't encourage fights like these, Vaan was punished to stay inside the library for 48 hours.
With this, the matter settled down 'fairly'.



Chapter 38 Inner Circles
*Flicker*
A Rope made of flames was formed.
"Fuck! Finally!!"
Vaan exclaimed out loud as he stood from the chair.
Then, with a confident look on his face, he extended his hand forward, the Rope moved and caught the jar that was placed on another table, Vaan then pulled back his hand, pulling the Jar towards him with the help of Flame Rope.
"I did it!"
Vaan clenched his fists and heaved a big sigh.
It had been 8 hours since he had been working on this new spell.
Fire Rope that Binds the Enemy without burning him.
It was a Spell created by an 8th Circle Mage Vilarian Aira Vesta, since he had a middle name, Vaan realized that he was from the main Vesta Bloodline just like him, however, that didn't matter.
The thing was, Vaan was frustrated.
'Why in the hell was the book full of so many Magic Theories? It had everything but the most important thing. Would he have died if he had drawn the Magic Patterns he used to cast the spell?' He snorted inwardly.
Honestly, if Vaan didn't have to waste his time looking through different books to find what Magic Patterns Mage Vilarian used to cast Fire Rope and Fire with no heat spells, he would have mastered this spell within 5 minutes.
Yes, he wasted around 8 hours in just searching through different magic patterns and cursing the author of the spell book.
Of course, it wasn't the author's fault either, how could he have imagined that unlike normal mages, who needed to understand the Magic Theories before they could even try and cast magic, there would be a monster who can simply look at the Magic Patterns other Mages used and cast the said spell on his own?
'Tsk, what a waste.'
Vaan snorted again.
He had decided, he won't be learning any more spells. He can do that with Elara's help, he just needed to see the patterns she used and cast the spell without wasting any time. That is much more efficient than learning spells through spell books.
These books weren't written for him.
With that thought in his mind, Vaan shifted his attention to the Inner Circles.
This is where the distinction between different mages is made.
This is where the importance of Magic research, the amount of time and effort a Mage put to work on himself, the number of spells he had learned, and all other factors come into play.
These inner circles were like stored smaller spells that help a Mage cast his spell without wasting much time.
For example,
Rather than,
Conjure Fireball that changes its direction according to the amount of Mana injected into the Circle
One can simply store, Fireball and Direction Manipulation inside 2 Inner Circles,
Then, the previously long Magic Pattern just becomes,
Link 1 and 2 and conjure
A 1st Circle Mage like Vaan has 4 inner circles inside his Magic Circle, which meant that he can store 4 smaller spells.
Unlike the Magic Patterns, a Mage cannot draw Inner Circles when in battle, therefore carefully selecting what spells to store inside the inner circles and getting used to them was an essential step in the journey of any mage.
It was only 4 Inner Circles at the start, however, as a Mage grows and the number of Magic Circle he can summon increases, the number of Inner Circles increases as well.
The quality of spells stored inside these inner circles was a major factor in a Mage's strength. Of course, getting used to these Inner Circles was very important as well, it would be useless if a Mage ingeniously stores the best possible spells in his Inner Circles but later forgets which spell was stored inside which inner circle.
The 4 spells Vaan chose for his Inner Circles were,
Fire Spike, Direction Manipulation, Speed, and, Clear.
 Out of these, Clear was of absolute importance, it was a simple spell that allows a Mage to 'clear' the Magic Pattern inside the Magic Circle and draw another Magic Pattern without needing to summon a new Magic Circle again.
This way, a Mage didn't have to waste his time in breaking his Magic Circle, gathering the outside Mana, moving it around his body, forming another Magic Circle, and then drawing the Magic Pattern to cast another spell.
He can simply use Clear, then absorb Mana, circulate it, and draw new Patterns to cast another spell, saving at least 2 seconds for every mage.
Clear was a spell that almost every above-average mage had stored inside his Inner Circle and of course, Vaan was going to do the same as well.
Magic was cool and all, however, just as Vaan mentioned before, its battle efficiency is too low because of the time it takes to cast a spell, so anything that improves his speed was extremely important for Vaan.
That was also the reason why he added Speed in his Inner Circle, it was a simple spell that increases the movement speed of his spell depending upon the Mana he feeds to the circle.
Direction Manipulation and Fire Spike were self-explanatory, unlike many mages, Vaan chose to store Fire Spike instead of Fireball because of the extra damage.
Anyways, with his mind set on the above 4 spells, Vaan took out a paper and pen.
Storing the Magic Circle inside the empty Inner Circles was a complicated process. It was recommended to draw the Circle on the paper, fill in the Inner Circles with the spells you want, then practice and summon the Magic Circle you drew on the paper.
With a determined look on his face, Vaan started drawing the Magic Circle on the paper, but then suddenly,
"Krrriii~"
The little spirit appeared in front of his eyes with a bright smile on her face.
"Flamey! You are back!"



Chapter 39 A Complete 1st Circle Mage
"Krrriii~"
The little spirit appeared in front of his eyes with a bright smile on her face.
"Flamey! You are back!"
"Krriiii~ Krri~"
Vaan exclaimed in joy. The Little Spirit started circling around Vaan with an excited look on her face. Her eyes shined as she glanced at Vaan, and Vaan quickly understood what this fellow wanted.
"Are you hungry, Flamey?"
He questioned.
The Little Spirit nodded.
"Of course you are, you haven't eaten for a whole day. I was worried about you, you know?"
Vaan spoke as he quickly absorbed the surrounding Mana, circulated it all around his Mana Veins and then he extended his index finger towards the Little Spirit, the little spirit held his finger with her two hands and started feeding on Vaan's Mana.
Vaan chuckled.
Honestly, in these last few days, his relationship with this little Spirit improved a lot, the spirit feels a little intimidated whenever he attacks his opponent ruthlessly, maybe she remembers how the previous Vaan treated her, however, whenever Vaan notices her acting strangely, he always pats her head and reassures her with a gentle smile.
Not to mention he also had his trump card that never fails,
That was offering Mana to her.
No matter how intimidated she felt, this greedy little fellow will instantly forget about everything as soon as Vaan offers her Mana and would start flying around, acting all cute. She was quite intelligent and knew how to get what she wanted.
Vaan liked this greedy fellow a lot, he even gave her a name.
Flamey.
Yes, Flamey, that was all the previous underworld gang leader come up with.
Don't expect much.
"Are you full?"
Vaan questioned after feeding Flamey for 5th time. It is usually around this round when Flamey is satisfied.
"Krrriii~~"
And just like Vaan expected, the Flamey nodded, she then flew around the library then sat on the Vaan's table, carefully looking at the pen and paper.
Seeing her, Vaan quickly recalled what he was doing, and,
"Alright, Flamey, don't disturb me okay? This is important, we will play later."
"Krrriii~~"
Flamey nodded her head.
Then, with a determined look on his face, Vaan drew the Magic Circle, this was a simple process, the real thing started after this, he now had to fill in the Inner Circles.
Vaan took a deep breath, then, he started.
And of course.
He failed the first time. He couldn't completely store the spell in the given space. Vaan didn't give up and continued,
He failed many times, sometimes, he successfully filled one Inner Circle but failed to fill others, just like that, 4 hours passed by,
"Fuckkkk!!"
Vaan cursed out loud as he fell back on his chair.
4 hours…
 That was way longer than what he had imagined in his mind, Vaan realized that even though he was good with Magic, when it comes to drawing, he was shit.
However, in the end, his efforts finally bore fruit.
After wasting around 15 papers, in front of him was the was the final image of his completed Magic Circle.
Without wasting any more time, Vaan stood up. It was now time to actually use this Magic Circle, honestly, Vaan was much more confident in this step rather than in the drawing one,
*Whoosh*
And just as he thought, he successfully created the Magic Circle on his first try.
His Magic control was monstrous.
"Heh, should I try releasing?"
Vaan thought to himself.
No mages were allowed to release Magic inside the Library, the books here were very precious and were one of the reasons the Vaan family stands so strong to this day, any damage to these books was a serious offense.
Vaan, however, trusted himself and his Magic control,
With a confident smile on his face, he drew the Magic Patterns,
Link 1, 2, 4 and, conjure
*Flicker*
A Fire Spike formed. Vaan moved it around the room, he didn't activate the 3rd Inner Circle that had Speed spell stored inside. Vaan was not confident enough to control it, once he was done testing, he used the 4th Inner Circle, Clear, the patterns inside the Magic Circle disappeared, the Fire Spike disappeared as well.
"A second faster."
Vaan noted.
With Inner Circles and Clear, the time he needed to cast a spell from the start was reduced to 2 seconds.
This was the best a 1st Circle Mage could do, it was still a little slow, but Vaan was satisfied for now.
He then glanced at his Magic Circle which was shining brightly and couldn't help but continuously stare at it with an impressed look on his face.
He was finally a complete 1st Circle Mage.
Now even if he fought against other 1st Circle Mages just by using Magic, he was confident.
"Hmm?"
Suddenly, Vaan noticed Flamey curiously looking at his Magic Circle, with a proud look on his face, he turned towards Flamey and,
"How is it? Aren't I great?"
He questioned.
"Kri?"
Flamey, however, just tilted her head in confusion.
"Do you not understand what it is? Don't worry, you don't hav-"
Vaan wanted to reply, but then suddenly, the Flames that surrounded the Flamey moved and formed a Magic Circle that was exactly similar to Vaan's.
"Huh?"
Vaan was surprised.
He could feel it, that was not a Magic Circle, that was just Flames, where others could barely form a Fireball, Firespike, Rope, and other simple objects, Flamey's control over her Flames was so strong that she was using it to draw his complicated Magic Circle.
'To think she would perfectly imitate it…'
Vaan was surprised, however, this was just the start,
Little Flamey glanced at him as if checking if he was paying attention or not, then,
She formed another Magic Circle.
A Magic Circle which was 1.5 times bigger than Vaan's Circle and had… 6 Inner Circles…
"Krrii."
"You… You want me to use this Magic Circle…?" Vaan questioned with a surprised look on his face.
"Krriiii!"
Flamey nodded with a bright look on her face.



Chapter 40 Flamey, you are the best
"You... You want me to use this Magic Circle...?" Vaan questioned with a surprised look on his face.
"Krriiii!"
Flamey nodded with a bright look on her face.
Vaan, however, just shook his head and chuckled.
"It would be great if I could use this Magic Circle, 6 Inner Circles, and more space to draw Magic Patterns, I could cast advanced spells even though I am a 1st Circle Mage, but that is not how it works, Flamey.
You can't just increase the size of the Circle and the number of Inner Circles like that. If that is how it worked, I would have created an extremely big Magic Circle with thousands of Inner Circles, then I would have been invincible.
There are Magic Theories that you need to understand before you form your circle, if you do not, then you won't be able to form your circle or it will just break away.
I have to say though, I am grateful that you are trying to help me, Flamey. Although it wouldn't work, I appreciate the effort.
You are adorable." Vaan spoke as he patted Flamey's head.
"Krriiiii!"
Flamey, however, pouted as she jumped back.
She used flames to cross out Vaan's Circle and moved the circle she created in front of Vaan's eyes.
Although she couldn't speak, her message was clear,
'Make it!'
In the end, Vaan just shook his head and chuckled again.
In front of Flamey's tantrum, he had to give in.
He just needed to show her that it wouldn't work.
Vaan absorbed the surrounding Mana, and soon, formed the Circle that Flamey had shown him.
Vaan raised his eyebrow when the Circle was formed successfully, however, just as he expected, the moment the Circle formed, it broke apart.
"Do you understand now? You can't just blindly create a Circle ignoring all the theories, it wouldn't work."
Vaan spoke with a smile on his face.
"Krri Krrriii!"
"What? You want me to make one again?"
"Krrii!"
"You are being childish now."
"Krrri Krrri!"
"Haaahh..."
Vaan sighed.
"Whatever."
He repeated the process, and soon, he formed the Circle again, however, just as the Circle was about to break again, Flamey appeared right beside Vaan's hand and placed her hands on the Circle.
The Circle shone brightly and Vaan's expression changed.
'No way...'
The Circle...
It was getting brighter and clearer...
It... it was actually working...
 'This shouldn't work!'
Vaan exclaimed inwardly, unable to believe his eyes.
His eyes then fell on little Flamey who was focusing on the Magic Circle.
'Is it because of her...?'
Vaan wondered in his head.
'But how...?'
He couldn't understand.
He was 100% sure that this Magic Circle goes against at least 5 to 6 Magic Theories and that was just amongst the theories he knew, who knows how many more theories does this magic circle go against!?
How was this working!?
"Krrriii!"
And as if sensing his doubt, Flamey exclaimed, then, the Mana inside Vaan's body moved on its own, the Magic Patterns started appearing on the Magic Circle and Vaan's eyes widened in shock.
His Mana... it was moving on its own!!
No, it was better to say that Flamey was able to move his Mana!
'How is that possible!?'
The surprise, however, wasn't over yet.
*Flicker*
A Fireball was created.
Flamey used the Magic Circle and Vaan's mana to cast a spell.
'She... how can she use my Mana!?'
Horrified, Vaan decided to move his Mana on his own, or in other words, tried to push away Flamey's external influence.
*Flicker* *Flicker*
The Fireball Flamey cast became unstable as Flamey lost control over Vaan's spell.
"Krriii~"
Flamey glanced at Vaan and pouted.
"So you need my permission to use my Mana?"
Vaan tried to make sense out of this situation.
"Krrrii~"
Flamey nodded her head.
With a doubtful look on his face, Vaan imagined setting his Mana free, allowing Flamey to use his Mana again.
It was a strange feeling, however, Vaan trusted Flamey.
*Flicker*
The Fireball stabilized.
Soon, Vaan's mana ran out, Flamey then moved in front of his face, and with her hands on her waist, she glanced at Vaan with a big smile on her face.
She was obviously proud.
Vaan, however, was too shocked to just laugh it off.
What he witnessed in this past few minutes broke nearly all the magic theories he had crammed all this while.
Flamey did not only create a never seen Magic Circle that improved a Mage's strength by at least 50%, but she also took control over his Mana and cast Magic Spells using his Magic Patterns.
Theories related to Magic Circles.
Theories that stated that only a Mage can use his own Mana.
The theory that no other being could cast magic by copying another Mage's Magic Patterns.
Little Flamey broke them all!
And now, she was standing in front of him, with her little hands on her waist, chin raised and her little chest all puffed up.
'W-What in the world...'
"Krriii."
Suddenly, Flamey called out again.
She then created Magic Circle using her Flames again and pointed at the 6 Inner Circles.
"You... You want me to store magic spells in these circles?"
"Krrri Krii."
Flamey nodded and this time, Vaan couldn't help but be excited.
To heck with the magic theories and breaking the rules?
Was he someone who cared about things like that before?
Why was he going out of character now?
His little Flamey was helping him, how can he not use this to his own advantage?
With this Magic Circle...
Won't he be unparalleled amongst the 1st Circle Mages?
6 Inner Circles!
Fire Spike, Direction Manipulation, Speed, and, Clear.
He wasn't restricted to just these 4 spells now. He could store more.
Now he wasn't just restricted to attack, he could use a defense spell as well.
Flame Wall.
A wall of Flames that burns away all the attacks aimed toward the Caster. Honestly, Transformation spell was usually used with Flame Wall, this way, the mage could change the shape of his Flame Walls, increasing its efficiency and strength, however, Vaan, who was innately more aggressive had a different idea.
Burst.
He decided to use this instead of Transformation.
Burst, along with Speed, his attack would not only be faster than normal, it would also explode after attacking his enemy, exponentially increasing the firepower of his spells.
'Heh,'
A smile appeared on Vaan's face.
He took out another piece of paper and started drawing Flamey's circle with an excited look on his face.
"Flamey, you are the best!"
Vaan praised.
"Krrriiii~~"
Flamey patted her little bicep with a proud look on her face before she comfortably sat on Vaan's head, waiting for him to complete the circle.



Chapter 41 Thank you, Elara
*Vaan's Circle and Flamey's Circle*
"Hahaha~ Flamey! It is finally completed!" Vaan laughed out loud.
"Kriiiii~" Flamey, who was flying beside Vaan's arm, helping him use the advanced Magic Circle, exclaimed in joy as well.
The two of them had successfully formed the advanced Magic Circle that Flamey introduced.
A Magic Circle that is 1.5 times larger than the normal circle and has 6 Inner Circles.
If any Mage saw this, he or she would freak out in an instant, just like,
"Vaan! W-What is that!?"
Just like Elara, who stood near the window of the library with a shocked look on her face.
"Elara?"
Vaan frowned. He then rushed towards the window and opened it.
"What are you doing here?"
He questioned as he helped her get inside the library.
"I came here to check up on you but that aside, what was that Magic Circle!? How did you cast it!? That broke the Magic Theory of Clashing Patterns, there is also the Theory of Patterns that must be drawn together, the Theory of Circle Stability, and, and, and also the Theory of-"
"Alright alright, I get it. Calm down and come inside, I'll answer all your questions as we sit."
Vaan calmed Elara down as he held her hand and walked in. The two then sat next to each other and Vaan spoke with a calm look on his face.
"This is the new Circle I came up with. As you can see, it goes against many Magic Theories, however, I have tested it, and the circle is working perfectly. Not only that, it even increases my strength by 50%."
Vaan spoke.
"B-But this d-doesn't make sense." Elara didn't know how to react.
"Well, what can I say? Does it make sense that I can learn new spells within a matter of minutes?" Vaan smiled playfully.
"That's not the same!" Elara shouted.
At first, Vaan was just a never seen before Magic Prodigy, it was shocking, however, it was still in the range of 'believableness', but now…
Now Vaan was directly twisting and challenging the theories of Magic that have been passed down for thousands of years!
That is on a completely different level than just being a prodigy!
That is…
That is…
Elara didn't even know what to name it.
"If you want, I can give the circle for you to study, I am sure it will greatly improve your strength," Vaan spoke with a gentle smile on his face.
This girl didn't give up on him even though the previous Vaan treated her so badly, right now, in Vaan's eyes, Elara deserved everything. She was one of the few people his dark heart has already accepted as her own.
"N-No, t-this is something y-you researched on yo-"
"Elara."
Elara wanted to reject, however, Vaan suddenly called out as he looked into her eyes with a serious look on his face.
"You are my Fiancé. You have taken care of me for so long even though I treated you so roughly, so let me take care of you once."
"…" Elara's face turned red. Not being able to stare at Vaan like this, she just lowered her head in embarrassment.
Seeing this, Vaan couldn't help but smile, something inside him urged him to tease his fiancé,
"Also, why did you sneak into the library even though you were told not to?"
 Vaan questioned.
"I-I came to check up on you!"
"Oh? So it was not because you missed me?" Vaan questioned.
"Huh? M-Missed you?"
"You didn't miss me?
Am I the only fool who was thinking about you?" Vaan spoke with moist eyes.
"W-What?"
Elara was speechless.
All these talks about missing each other and all, she heard it was very common between other fiancés, however, that was only true for 'other' Finaces, Vaan and her were different. Let alone missing her, the previous Vaan hated her and wanted nothing more than for her to disappear.
Honestly, their relationship was so tense that Elara had never even thought about such things.
And now Vaan was suddenly acting like this while holding her hands.
Elara felt a strange feeling in her heart, however, her timid nature didn't allow her to express herself. She could only lower her blushing head and stay silent.
Vaan realized that he might have gone too far, so he decided to tone it down a little,
"But I liked it."
"Hmm?"
"You coming here. I appreciate you always looking out for me. Thank you, Elara."
Vaan spoke with a gentle smile on his face.
"N-No worries."
Elara stuttered. All of this was indeed too much.
"Mhm."
Vaan nodded.
"…"
"…"
The situation became awkward.
Honestly, Vaan wasn't much of an expert when it came to love either. After his parent's death, he didn't believe in things like love. He was a member of the pump and dump gang.
Most of his sexual encounters were work-related or something to divert his attention for a while, he was never in a serious relationship.
However, Elara was different. What that girl did for the previous Vaan, with how much she sacrificed, no man could possibly hate her.
Vaan was the same.
Honestly, he didn't know how to act in front of Elara either, he was just trying his best to not be awkward.
Did he love her?
The answer would be no.
He just felt guilty about what the previous Vaan did to her and wanted to somehow make up for it.
He just wanted to protect her and give her all the happiness that she deserved.
However, what he didn't know was that his feelings were slowly changing.
"W-We need to talk to Lady Astra about this."
Suddenly, Elara spoke up.
Maybe it was her way of dealing with the awkwardness and Vaan, who was desperately searching for a way out quickly jumped in,
"A-About what?"
"Your Magic Circle."
"Huh?" Vaan frowned.
Elara started explaining,
"If it actually works as you said it does, then this circle does a lot more than just increase a mage's power by 50%. It may have this effect for now, however, what after you start getting stronger?
You at 2nd Circle would have the same number of Inner Circles as a 3rd Circle Mage,
At 3rd Circle, you will have more Inner Circles than 4th Circle Mage.
That is, the more you grow, the stronger your advantage gets.
Your Magic Circle is so revolutionary that might change the way Magic works.
However, as amazing as it may be, it comes with its own risks."
Elara spoke with a slightly nervous look on her face.
"You should need to seriously discuss this matter with Lady Astra."
Elara suggested.
And Vaan, who understood the seriousness of the situation, nodded his head,
"I will talk to her as soon as I leave this place."
"mm."



Chapter 42 This Magic Circle is fundamentally wrong
Another day passed by, Vaan's punishment period ended and just as he had decided, he was currently standing in front of his mother's room.
*Knock* *Knock*
He knocked on the door.
"It is me, mother."
"Come in."
Astra ordered.
Vaan walked into the room, his eyes fell on Astra, who was looking at her with a solemn look on her face,
"You are getting bolder, Vaan," Astra commented.
"I feel like I have heard this before." Vaan smiled.
"Do I look like I am in the mood for jokes?" Astra narrowed her
"Is there an issue?" Vaan asked with a frown on his face.
"You went against Rylan! A Top-level Intermediate Mage! You think that is not an issue?"
"I had no other option, Mother."
"You should have just stayed silent! Why did you provoke him!?"
"Hehe~ Please don't act like that mother, even you joined in later when you said you would like to spar."
"..." Astra turned silent.
"Pfft! Did you see his face when you proposed a fight?
Magic Research, Hahaha~."
Vaan laughed out loud.
"You are taking this a little too lightly, Vaan." Astra, who barely kept a straight face, spoke.
"Isn't that expected from your child, mother? I have Astra in my name, after all."
"Your skills to butter me up have indeed gotten better."
In the end, a smile broke out on Astra's face.
She didn't know why, but this new Vaan always had a way to calm her anger and make her smile. She honestly missed talking to him these past two days.
However, she still needed to put out a strict front,
"If you are my son, then prove it with your Magic Accomplishments." She spoke.
"Right, I almost forgot. That was what I was here for."
"For what?"
"My Magic Accomplishments, of course. It seems your son has discovered something that could be quite troublesome." Vaan smiled.
"Troublesome?" Astra frowned.
However, rather than talking about it, Vaan simply decided to show up.
"Krrriiii~~"
Flamey roared in excitement as she appeared next to Vaan, ready to help him summon the circle, Vaan absorbed Mana and soon, he formed the advanced Magic Circle.
Astra's expression change the moment her eyes fell on Vaan's Magic Circle.
"That is..."
 "An Advance Magic Circle I researched, a Circle with 6 Inner Circles and more space to draw Magic Patterns."
Vaan expressed.
He took little Flamey's credit, however, he couldn't just say that it was created by a little spirit that no one else but him could see. Even his mother would call him crazy if he did that.
He did try to talk about beings like Flamey, the spirits, or fairies, however, Astra simply told him not to read fantasy books and focus on Magic.
"How did you create this Circle?" Astra questioned with a frown on her face.
"I don't know... It just came into my mind...?"
Vaan gave a vague answer.
Astra looked into Vaan's eyes and didn't say anything. Vaan felt a little uncomfortable, so he presented the problem Elara talked about.
"Other Mages would definitely come after this Magic Circle, so I came to you to discuss about it. What should I do? Should I hide it from others and keep it as my Trump Card, or do I keep it as my main Circle without caring about anything?"
"Distribute the design of this Magic Circle, say you researched it, and then use it however you like. If other mages want, then they can research your Magic Circle and try to understand the principles behind it."
Astra replied.
"Huh?" Vaan however, just frowned.
"Are you asking me to distribute it publicly?" he questioned just to confirm that he wasn't hearing things.
"That is correct." Astra nodded.
"Mother, I am sorry to disappoint you but I am not some holy saint who cares for humanity's growth or some other stupid thing like that.
I am a selfish man who only cares about myself and people close to me.
If you want, I can give the design to you, however, I do not wish to distribute it publicly."
Vaan opposed it.
Even if he wasn't the one who created this circle on his own, he still didn't wish to share it with others. Why would he share his trump card with others? That was foolish.
Even if it was his mother was the one telling him to do this, Vaan was still against it.
Astra, however,
"Do you think I am a Saint?"
Suddenly, Astra questioned.
"You think I rose to my position just because I was good at magic?" A small smile appeared on her face.
"What do you mean?" Vaan frowned.
"If it was really something that amazing, I would never do something as foolish as distributing it publicly."
"Are you saying this circle is useless?" Vaan couldn't understand.
Even Elara said that this Magic Circle was impressive enough for high leveled Mages to drool over it, then why was his mother acting like this?
Was she really that good that she doesn't care about it? Does this Magic Circle mean nothing at her level?
Even if it was true, was it really okay to distribute it just because it wasn't impressive in her eyes?
"It seems you have misunderstood me."
Sensing what Vaan was thinking, Astra commented.
Vaan glanced at her for answers, Astra raised her hand, then,
A similar circle with 6 Inner Circles was created, it was not exactly similar to Vaan's own circle, however, Vaan knew that the 'principles' behind it were still the same.
Astra had already interpreted the circle from her own perspective and could now copy it.
'As expected of her...'
Vaan was impressed.
But then suddenly, the Magic Circle that was shining brightly was broken into pieces.
Vaan frowned.
Astra finally explained,
"This Magic Circle is fundamentally wrong.
Even if you give the design to others, they cannot use it even if they spend decades in trying to understand it. It is just a waste of effort.
I do not know how you are casting it,
I can only assume that there is another strange power inside you that is helping you use this Magic Circle, a strange, mysterious power."
Astra spoke and Vaan's expression changed as he glanced at Flamey flying around the room with an unbothered look on her face.
"Krrriiiii!!"



Chapter 43 Dont make her regret her decision Vaan
"I can only assume that there is another strange power inside you that is helping you use this Magic Circle, a strange, mysterious power."
Astra spoke and Vaan's expression changed as he glanced at Flamey flying around the room with an unbothered look on her face.
"Krrriiiii!!"
The mysterious and strong power his mother was talking about.
"Kri?
Krrriii!!"
Flamey, who noticed Vaan's gaze stopped and waved her little hands at him in excitement.
Vaan chuckled.
"Anyways, since it increases your strength, it is a good thing, just release your Circle's design and everything will be alright," Astra didn't ask how Vaan did it. She decided to trust her child.
Honestly, Astra found it strange how she was continuously trusting her child again and again, however, it wasn't a bad feeling.
"What if they come after me after they 'fail to understand' the principles behind the Magic Circle? I don't believe that Mages would simply give in just because they cannot understand something. What if they take extreme steps to satiate their curiosity?" Vaan questioned.
Mages were said to be people who could go to any lengths to satiate themselves. There was even a case of a Mage committing mass murder just to understand some stupid theories behind life and death.
Vaan's question was logical, however, Astra simply laughed it off.
"Heh? I thought you were braver than that." Astra teased.
"I may look rash, but I am quite calculative, Mother," Vaan replied.
"Calculative, huh? You sure don't like one."
"I have my mother protecting me, so I let loose sometimes." Vaan smiled.
"What a spoiled child," Astra commented.
"Not my fault that I have an amazing mother." Vaan shrugged.
"Look at you." Astra extended her hands and started pulling Vaan's cheek.
"It hwurts." Vaan complained.
"That's your punishment."
Astra laughed.
The two then sat down on the sofa, Vaan placed his head on his mother's lap. Astra smiled, then,
"You don't have to worry too much. No one would take 'extreme steps' against someone from the Vesta Family. How do you think we are still standing even though there are so many forces eyeing our Vesta Family's treasures?"
Astra spoke with a confident look on her face.
"What about mages of the Vesta Family then?"
Vaan questioned.
He had been to the Vesta Family meeting, there were some troubling individuals inside the family. Individuals who shouldn't be there for the Vesta Family to remain as strong as it does.
"As I said, do not worry,
Those people won't lower their pride to come to you. They might use underhanded tactics to target you,
But it is not like you are scared of them, right?" Astra smiled playfully.
"Why would I be scared? I have the strongest Mage supporting me."
"I am not the strongest."
"You are strongest in my eyes, Mother." Vaan grinned.
 Astra, however, just started pulling his cheek again.
"Uggghhh..." Vaan groaned.
Bootlicking his mother was quite hard.
"Anyways, how did it go?" Suddenly, Astra stopped pulling Vaan's cheek and with a curious look on her face, she questioned.
"Huh? How did what go?"
"Haaah? You dare act smart in front of your mother? Your little date with that foolish girl."
"Are you talking about Elara?" Vaan questioned.
"Of course. Who else would you go on a date with?."
"I didn't go on a date with her either."
"The two of you locked yourself inside the room for 2 hours."
"It was a magic training room, we were studying magic." Vaan clarified.
"Tsk." Astra shook her head in disappointment.
"..." Vaan didn't know what to say.
A sense of nostalgia washed over him as he recalled his mother's relentless insistence on marrying his girlfriend in his previous life.
Honestly, Vaan felt like there were a little too many similarities between Astra and his mother in his previous life. It was to the point where different theories started forming in his mind.
After all, it was a fantasy world where magic existed and something similar had already happened to him, what is stopping him from believing that the same happened with his mother?
However, he decided to stay silent for now.
Rather than thinking about all this, he just wanted to enjoy this warm feeling in his heart.
"What do you think about Elara?" Suddenly, Astra questioned.
"Mother seems to like her." Vaan replied.
"I am not asking about that, you fool. Of course, I like that girl.
I am asking about you, do you like her?"
"Can someone even hate Elara?"
"There was a certain someone who did," Astra replied as she looked into Vaan's eyes.
"...well that certain someone was definitely a fool."
"What about you?"
"I..."
Vaan turned silent.
Then, with a strange look on his face, he replied,
"I don't think I deserve to be with someone like her. My past actions must have hurt her."
"By that logic, you don't deserve to stay here either, don't you think?"
"..."
Vaan turned silent.
"Your past actions hurt her, Vaan.
But that doesn't mean you can't change that with your future actions.
That foolish girl cares about you.
Do you think I was the one who forced her to become your fiancé?
Well I did at the beginning, making a 5-year-old girl your finance without asking her just because I saw how talented that child is, was my fault, however, when I noticed how you were treating her because of your petty jealousy, I told her to break off the engagement,
She was the one who rejected my offer.
Don't make her regret that decision Vaan.
You said you changed, didn't you?
You said how you would become the son I would be proud of, right?
Then be sure to become a man who treats his fiancé well. Make that girl the happiest girl in this world."
Astra spoke as she looked into Vaan's eyes.
Of course, she knew it was wrong to force someone to love someone else, especially when she decided to break off her engagement and marry Vaan's father, but humans were selfish creatures.
Astra wanted Elara and her son to be together. She absolutely hated thinking about how someone, not her son would marry her lovely pupil.
Astra wasn't willing to give Elara away.
"..."
Hearing her words, something inside Vaan changed.
Astra was right...
He was not Christopher anymore; he had now decided to live as Vaan. The biggest factor that was stopping him was that the person Elara cared for was Vaan, not him.
However, right now,
He was Vaan.
Just like how he decided to mend his relationship with his mother,
He needed to do the same with Elara.
Not as Christopher, but as Vaan.
"I understand, Mother.
I will not disappoint you, or... Elara..." Vaan spoke.
"Good, because if you do, then don't expect me to be on your side,
I will always be on my student's side."
Astra commented.
"But I am your son," Vaan complained.
"So what? Elara is my cute student."
"She is cute, that I agree with." Vaan nodded.
"She is much better than that Seraphina girl," Astra commented.
"Hm hm, I agree again."
Vaan continued to nod his head.
"Ri-"
Astra was about to speak, but then,
*Knock* *Knock*
A knock was heard.
"What is it?" Astra questioned.
"Lady Astra, Young Master Vaan's friends have come to visit him."
The servant reported, and hearing that, an evil smile appeared on Vaan's face,
"Guess my moneybags are here."



Chapter 44 What did Seraphina do
"Lady Astra, Young Master Vaan's friends have come to visit him."
The servant reported.
"Guess my moneybags are here."
Vaan spoke with an evil smile on his face.
"You really are acting like a thug," Astra commented with a small smile on her face.
"Hehe~ I am gonna bleed them dry."
"You know you can ask me if you need money, right?" Astra spoke.
"Of course, but why would I bother you if I can earn it on my own?"
"'Earn it' huh?" Astra raised her eyebrow.
"Don't mind the small details, mother." Vaan waved his hand as he stood up.
"Anyways, I'll go meet those idiots."
"Alright." Astra nodded.
"See you later, Mother."
Vaan smiled as he walked out of the room.
The moment he left, Astra formed Vaan's Advance Magic Circle again, however, just like before, 1 second later, the Circle trembled before breaking away.
"A Circle with 6 Inner Circles huh...
I don't even know what to say."
A small smile appeared on Astra's face.
...
On the other hand, Vaan who was walking with the servant was soon joined by Gabel.
"Young Master Vaan." Gabel greeted.
"Have they brought it?"
"Yes, Young Master." Gable nodded.
Vaan nodded, then, he walked into the Guest room and,
"My 5 good friends, it is so great to see you! How have you all been?"
Vaan questioned with a beaming smile on his face.
In front of him sat five men.
Asher, Alaric, Silas, Calder, and Thoren.
All 5 of them were Vaan's 'friends'. Friends who had once ganged up and attacked him. Now, however, they were all sitting in front of him, with their heads lowered, faces bruised, and sweat rolling down from their foreheads as they fidget their fingers.
"I heard you came bearing gifts?"
Vaan directly went to the topic.
"T-That's correct, Young Master Vaan. We know that our previous foolish actions have offended Young Master Vaan, so as a token of our apology, we brought a few things. It may not be much, however, we hope that Young Master Vaan accepts our apology and forgives us."
Asher stood up and spoke with a polite look on his face.
The other 4 quickly stood up and,
"Please be the bigger person and forgive our foolish mistakes, Young Master Vaan."
 Saying those words, each one of them took out 1 pouch carrying 20 Elemental Stones.
"Hahaha~
A simple apology would have sufficed.
You didn't have to bring anything."
Vaan laughed out loud.
Gabel, on the other hand, had already moved and was taking away all the pouches. Not only that, he even went as far as counting all Elemental Stones inside the pouches right in front of everyone's eyes.
Vaan nodded his head in satisfaction.
Gabel was indeed a competent servant.
"There are a total of 100 Elemental Stones, Young Master Vaan," Gabel reported.
"Oho? 100 elementals stones? That's quite expensive. You 5 didn't have to go that far but since you have brought it, it would be rude of me to not accept this."
Vaan smiled brightly as he waved his hand. Gabel understood, he put all the Elemental Stones in one pouch and kept the pouch with him.
Asher and the other four just clenched their fists,
'We brought it!? It was you who threatened us, you thuglike bastard!!'
Of course, they couldn't say that out loud.
In front of Vaan, they could only smile politely and,
"Of course not, Young Master. One must be sincere while apologizing, else there is no meaning to it, is there?" Silas smiled politely.
"That is indeed correct. I like the way you think, that's why you five are my close friends."
"We are honored, Young Master Vaan."
The two parties smiled at each other.
"T-Then we shall take our leave, Young Master Vaan."
Asher spoke up.
"Yes, Young Master Vaan must be busy, we won't be taking any more of your time."
"We shall meet again, Young Master Vaan."
"Take care, Young Master Vaan."
They didn't wish to linger around this place for even a second longer.
Smiling and bowing their heads in front of this hateful bastard left a bad taste in their mouths. Not to mention how this bastard was shamelessly hoarding their money and was acting like they were the ones who gave it to them.
What's worse?
They were forced to comply with this stupid act!
The five just clenched their fists in frustration and anger as they walked away.
However,
"Wait."
Vaan wasn't done yet.
The five of them turned around as they glanced at Vaan and noticed his fake smile was now gone.
"Why did you do it?"
"D-D-Did what, Young Master Vaan...?" Asher questioned with a nervous smile on his face.
"No matter what kind of person I was, there is no way cowards like you would have the guts to hit me to the point where I am bedridden, why did you do it?"
"W-We already a-apologized for our m-mista-"
"I am not asking if you apologized or not.
I am asking why you did it."
Vaan then looked into his 'friends' eyes with a threatening look on his face, then,
"It would be better if you answer me yourself because if I found out about it myself,
It wouldn't just end with a few Elemental Stones."
"I-It was Lady Seraphina!" Suddenly, Calder spoke up.
The other 4 glanced at him with horrified looks on their faces, however, Calder didn't care.
The current Young Master Vaan was a lot more scarier than that bitch. Not to mention he never liked that bitch from the beginning. He hated how he was forced to steal from his family treasury while that bitch who was behind all this got out of it scot-free.
Of course, his friends' worries weren't unfounded either, Vaan crazy was for Seraphina. Blaming Seraphina in front of Vaan was not a smart choice, however, for some reason, Calder felt that he should do it.
A voice inside him told him that it was the right decision,
Also, it was Young Master Vaan asking about it, he was only answering truthfully, Calder felt Young Master Vaan wouldn't blame him and act rashly, especially since they were inside the Vesta Family grounds.
"Go on."
Vaan simply glanced at him and with a scarily calm look on his face, he ordered.
"What did Seraphina do?"



Chapter 45 You know what you have to do if you want to avoid this fate, right
"Go on.
What did Seraphina do?"
Vaan questioned with a serious look on his face.
From his expression, he didn't look like a crazy lovestruck fool like he did before whenever Seraphina's name was mentioned.
And Calder, who finally saw hope, started,
"It was Lady Seraphina who told us to spar with you.
She ordered us to defeat you in magic spar and beat you enough so that it crushes your newfound interest in magic."
Calder explained.
Vaan narrowed his eyes as he started thinking.
Aldric said the same thing before.
She placed Alaric around him to make sure that he does not learn magic, she even has his 'friends' under her thumb and when things didn't go her way, she was daring enough to order them and have him surrounded.
"Is this the first time Seraphina ordered you to do something that hindered my magic study?"
Vaan questioned.
"N-No! She has done it before! The time when we took you out to drink alcohol! She was the one who ordered us to do it. She told us to make you addi-"
Suddenly, Calder, who was answering turned silent as he widened his eyes in shock.
What was he just saying!?
He realized his mistake, the other 4 looked at him as they widened their eyes in horror as well.
This bastard!
Did he have a death wish!?
However, it was already too late.
"The time when you took me out to drink alcohol saying that you wanted to celebrate me becoming a 1st Circle Mage..." Vaan spoke as he recalled the incident.
*Gulp*
The five men in front of him gulped.
"You better speak up if you want to live."
Vaan threatened, his current expression was extremely dark.
He was even considering killing one of these 5 to make create an example and make the interrogation process smoother.
"W-When you successfully became a 1st Circle Mage, Lady Seraphina ordered us to turn you into an alcohol addict that's why we took you to the bar.
Initially, she ordered us to use Dreamweave, however, we rejected it. No matter what, w-we couldn't use something like that against Young Master."
Asher replied.
This fight between Seraphina and Vaan, at first, it was just Seraphina making plans and Vaan falling into her trap, however, things had now changed. Young Master Vaan was different. This battle between the two, it was getting much more messier. He wanted to come out clean and get as far away from it as he could.
"Dreamweave..."
Vaan muttered.
Dreamweave was a drug that was banned all over Agresia. People who took it experienced powerful hallucinations, taking them to their dream world and elevating all their pains. It was highly addictive and people who couldn't get it showed strong withdrawal symptoms.
The more a person takes it, the stronger the addiction gets and it gets to the point where a person wastes his entire life on this drug and cannot live without it anymore.
It was much more dangerous than all the drugs Vaan had dealt with on Earth.
 Vaan wasn't innocent, he had many people addicted to drugs he sold, those people were his constant source of money but to think a bitch would try to use the same trick on him.
'Heh, I will destroy you...'
Vaan clenched his fists as he laughed inwardly.
A terrifying smile appeared on his face.
"I-It was not our fault, Young Master! W-We told her not to use Dreamweave because it was going too far! That was the reason she didn't use it!" Asher, who was terrified by that smile defended himself.
"Oh yeah? Because it was going too far? Or was it because you were scared that my mother would find out?" Vaan questioned.
"..." Asher turned silent and lowered his head.
"Seraphina Stormweaver..."
Vaan muttered.
It was now official.
She was now his official enemy.
Suddenly, Vaan glanced at Asher and an idea popped up in his mind,
"You said Seraphina told you to use Dreamweaver?"
"Y-Yes, but we rejec-"
"Where were you going to find it? The Dreamweaver, I mean." Vaan questioned.
"I-I don't know. She would have provide-" Asher was about to answer, but then, he froze.
He could guess why Vaan was asking it, and once he looked at that demonic smile on Vaan's face, his guess turned into certainty.
"Go to Seraphina, tell her that I am interested in Magic again, make her take out the Dreamweaver. I need results within a week."
Vaan ordered.
"Y-Young M-Master Vaan, w-we would r-rather not involve ourselves in all this, w-we have already compensated you for your mistakes, p-please let us go." Asher requested.
Seraphina was not a simple woman, going to her with a plan to betray her later, the probability of him getting caught by her was extremely high. He didn't wish to take any risks. He just wanted to get out of this messy situation.
However,
'She ordered us to defeat you in magic spar and beat you enough so that it crushes your newfound interest in magic.'
'W-When you successfully became a 1st Circle Mage, Lady Seraphina ordered us to turn you into an alcohol addict that's why we took you to the bar.'
Asher's eyes widened in horror when he heard the voice.
He raised his head and saw Vaan carrying a Crystal Ball that showed them kneeling on the ground, admitting to their mistakes.
Vaan... he had recorded everything they had said just now.
"I didn't have proof before, but I guess this would be enough. I wouldn't be able to do anything to Seraphina with this since she can simply reject all the allegations, but I am sure this much is enough to throw your families out of the Vesta City.
Good luck surviving in the Kingdoms,
My dear friends."
"W-Why are you doing this!? We already compensated you for our mistakes, didn't we!? Why push us so far!?" Asher shouted in rage.
Vaan, however, just smiled demonically and,
"The fuck are you acting like a victim for? Being ordered or not, the fact is, you were the ones who came after me first. Should have used that fucking brain of yours earlier.
Also, when did I say I would let you go once you bring these Elemental Stones? Don't assume things on your own."
Make no mistake, Vaan was never a good person before.
He has exploited the weak and killed innocents to stand firmly in the underworld, those habits won't just change.
"..."
"..."
Asher and the others turned silent, their heads down as they trembled thinking about their own and their families' future.
Seeing this, Vaan laughed.
"How pitiful, isn't it?
The dogs who did nothing but follow their master's order are being thrown out, forced to survive in the tough world alone,
While the Master who was behind everything would simply be finding new Dogs."
Vaan then placed his hand on Asher's shoulder and,
"You know what you have to do if you want to avoid this fate, right?"



Chapter 46 What? I just want to meet my Sera
Vaan then placed his hand on Asher's shoulder and,
"You know what you have to do if you want to avoid this fate, right?"
"Get the Dreamweaver from Lady Seraphina…"
Asher spoke up as he gritted his teeth.
"See? This is why I like smart people."
Vaan patted Asher's shoulder. Then, he walked forward and sat on his sofa, with his legs on the table in front of him, he glanced at the backs of his 5 'friends' again and,
"What are you standing there for?
Leave."
He ordered.
The 5 men glanced at each other before quickly walking away, however, just as they were about to walk out of the door,
"Remember, you only have a week."
Vaan reminded.
"Y-Yes, Young Master Vaan." Asher stuttered.
The 5 then walked out of the room and left.
"Gabel."
Inside the room, Vaan called out.
"Young Master."
Gabel quickly passed the pouch containing 100 Elemental stones to Vaan.
Vaan glanced at the Stones and smiled a little, then,
"Call Aldric."
He ordered.
"He is still being treated by the medic, Young Master."
Gabel replied.
With how brutally Vaan had beaten him down, it would have been strange if Aldric was fine within just 3 days.
"Call him, he will come."
Vaan however, didn't care.
Gabel found it cruel, however, in the end, he just bowed his head, "As you command, Young Master."
Saying those words, he turned around and left.
Once Vaan was left alone in the room,
"Krrrii…"
Flamey finally showed herself.
However, this time, she wasn't as cheerful as before. She had been seeing everything all this while, and Vaan's aura, she didn't like it…
But the moment Vaan's eyes fell on little Flamey, his strict look was replaced by a warm smile,
"Flamey."
He called out.
 "Are you hungry?" he questioned.
Flamey, however, shook her head. Then, she flew towards Vaan and sat on his lap. Vaan simply patted her little head with his fingers.
"Krriiiii~~" Flamey exclaimed, her voice a little louder than before.
Vaan didn't know why, but he had a soft corner for this little angel.
"Kri?" Suddenly, Flamey's eyes fell on the Elemental Stones.
"Oh? You want it?" Vaan questioned as he took out one elemental stone and gave it to Flamey. Flamey tried to catch it with her two hands, however, her hands simply passed through the elemental stones.
Just as mentioned before, Flamey couldn't touch anything other than Vaan.
"It seems like you can't touch it," Vaan spoke.
"Krrii…"
Flamey pouted as she lowered her head.
Vaan felt a little bad, but then,
"Here."
He placed the Stone in his hand and placed it right in front of Flamey. Allowing her to see it as much as she wanted.
"Kriiii..."
The little Flamey seemed mesmerized as she continued to observe the Elemental stone. Seeing her so focused on the stone, Vaan didn't have the heart to disturb her, so he allowed her to stare at it for as long as she wanted.
*Knock* *Knock*
"Young Master Vaan, Aldric is here."
Soon, Vaan heard Gabel's voice.
"Enter." He ordered.
Gable and Aldric walked into the room.
"Young Master."
Aldric bowed his head. His head was still bruised and there were bandages all over his face, however, he still didn't dare to complain and quickly came here as soon as he heard that Vaan had summoned him.
Aldric knew, if he didn't prove his loyalty here, he would die.
"What happened to your face, Aldric?" suddenly, Vaan questioned.
"I was careless and fell from the stairs, Young Master."
Aldric, who understood Vaan's intention replied.
Vaan smiled a little.
"Didn't you fall a few days ago as well?"
"My mind is being preoccupied with some things, Young Master. I apologize for being careless and not being able to serve you properly."
"Hm hm, take care of yourself."
Vaan nodded in satisfaction.
"Yes, Young Master."
Aldric bowed.
"Do you know why I have called you here?" Vaan questioned.
"I do not, Young Master." Vaan shook his head.
"Write a letter to Seraphina," Vaan ordered.
Aldric's expression changed.
"W-What should I write in the letter, Young Master?" he questioned.
"Tell her how my interest in magic is raised again and how I have been spending hours in the library and even went to Magic Training Room on my own accord. You said she calls me whenever you report something like this to her, correct?"
"T-That is correct, Young Master." Aldric nodded.
"Then make sure the letter you write leads to her sending me a letter of invitation," Vaan ordered.
"Young Master, you…" Gabel couldn't believe what he just heard.
"What? I just want to meet my Sera. What is wrong with that?"
Vaan spoke with a smile on his face.
A smile that had no trace of love on it.
A terrifying smile that sent shivers down to Gabel and Aldric's spine.
"A-As you command, Young Master.
I will make sure you receive a letter of invitation."
Aldric spoke with a determined look on his face.
"Good." Vaan smiled.
Then, he stood up and,
"You can go back and take a rest, Aldric.
You too Gabel.
I am going back to my room, you do not have to follow me."
Vaan knew Gabel was going to report today's events to Astra, he didn't really mind, so he allowed him to 'rest'.
Aldric, on the other hand, actually needed some rest.
With Flamey sitting on his shoulder, Vaan walked towards his room.
He had finally gotten his hands on these Elemental Stones.
Now, he could finally put them to good use and work to tackle his biggest weakness.
Once he was done with this, he can finally go all out.



Chapter 47 Elemental Stones and Instant Spells
"Here it is," Vaan spoke as he took out a book from the stash of books he had brought into his room from the library.
'Easy but Practical Instant Spell Patterns.'
It was a book written by a 7th Circle Advance Mage, Morgana Ziderwall. One of the few exceptional advanced Mages who didn't belong to the Vesta Family.
It was a basic level book that helped mages tackle their biggest weakness.
Mages are known to have strong Fire Power, in wars, mages are used as damage dealers that could deal with thousands of soldiers on their own. Even though the magic has fallen, none of the 4 Kingdoms stopped cultivating mages because they simply cannot afford to. Mages are just that important, even if they have become weaker.
However, as important as they may be, Mages have a big weakness.
Their weak defense.
It is said that once an enemy gets close to a mage, the mage is as good as dead.
It wasn't a big problem before since mages usually battled together with tanks protecting them while they cast magic. However, as the God of Magic stopped answering his believers and all other forces turned against Mages, the mages lost their layer of protection and had to fight others themselves.
No matter how strong, a mage was bound to die once the enemy gets closer. Swordsmen and assassins became a mages' nightmare.
That was when the Archmage, Alienora Vesta invented Instant Spells.
Elemental stones which were found in nature contained pure, raw Mana, at first, Mages used them to absorb Mana, it was faster than simply absorbing the Mana from the air, however, Archmage Alienora invented a completely new method to use the Elemental Stones.
An ingenious way that soon became the hope for the Mages and a nightmare to their enemies.
Storing Magic Spells inside the Elemental Stones.
Basic Magic Patterns were engraved in Elemental Stones, making it so that just with a little bit of Mana, the Magic Spell engraved into the Elemental Stones is instantly activated using the Mana stored inside the Stone without any casting time.
That meant, whenever a mage was in danger, he could simply activate an Instant Spell to defend himself. And it wasn't just stuck to simple spells like fireball or earth shield.
The more Elemental Stones were used, the stronger the spell would be.
After more research, even spells like instant teleportation started being engraved into these Elemental Stones, but of course, they required a huge number of Elemental Stones that normal mages cannot even dream to have.
Anyways, with the invention of Instant Spells, the mages' biggest weakness, the time they needed to cast a spell, was removed, the instant spells created by Alienora Vesta were one of the biggest factors why leaders of other forces couldn't defeat her.
Although they were fighting just her, she, who had already stored most of her spells in the Elemental Stones, could cast countless absurdly strong spells at the same time.
It was as if the leaders of enemy forces were fighting against many Alienora Vestas at the same time.
That was just how strong the instant spells were.
Of course, this method also had its downsides, the number of Elemental Stones was limited. Other than Alienora and some other top mages, no other mages had enough Elemental Stones to store most of their spells.
Also, the Elemental Stones weren't renewable either, after a set number of uses, their efficiency in storing Mana decreases and gets to the point where they can't be used anymore.
Alienora and other mages couldn't use these stones recklessly. They had to be careful.
However, it was still an undeniable fact that after the God of Magic's silence, the invention of Instant Spell was what brought the mages to a position where they could hold off their own against other forces.
And what was the best part?
Unlike the normal spells, where a Mage has to interpret the Magic Pattern for a said Magic Spell on their own and cannot just simply copy other mage's patterns, Instant Spells had no such limitation.
As long as the pattern a mage engraves is valid, it could be used.
What did that mean?
It meant that if one had enough Elemental Stones and knows the required Magic Pattern, one could even cast Archmage Alienora's Spells.
Of course, the only family all over Agresia who had the knowledge and resources to do something like this was the Vesta Family. This was why the Vesta Family stood tall and strong even after 5000 years had passed.
This was also one of the reasons why other forces were eyeing the Vesta Family's treasury. The spells left by Archmage Alienora that were powerful enough to fight against all the forces in the world together,
Who in the world would not want something like that?
Anyways, all of this was still not something the current Vaan should be concerned with.
 He only wanted a few defense and attack instant spells that could help him whenever he is in trouble.
And of course, he had already chosen the Instant Spells he wanted to engrave into the Elemental Stones.
'Instant Burn.'
'Ignispike Pursuit'
'Earth Fort'
'Heal'
Out of these spells, Heal and Instant Burn needed 10 Elemental Stones each. Ignispike Pursuit and Earth Fort were comparably cheaper and only needed 5.
So out of the 100 Elemental Stones he had received, Vaan was planning to use 30 already.
The required patterns for all these spells were given inside the book he had gotten.
First, Vaan wanted to engrave Ignispike Pursuit, it was an instant spell that creates a 3 Meter long Fire Spear that pursued the set target until it hits it.
Yes, an absolute hit spell with firepower far higher than what his current Fire Spike combined with Speed and Burn had.
Vaan then took out another set of Elemental Stones from his drawer, however, unlike normal Elemental Stones, which were clear, shiny, and transparent like a huge diamond, these were translucent with a milky texture.
These were the used Elemental Stones which were absolutely useless now. Mages used these to practice engraving before doing it on the actual stones.
Which a determined look on his face, Vaan quickly took out an Engraving Pen, then, he absorbed the surrounding Mana, circulated the Mana throughout his body, and infused the Mana into his Engraving Pen before starting to engrave the required patterns for the instant spell, Ignispike Pursuit,
However, right as he began,
"Krrriiiiii~~"



Chapter 48 Flamey, we did it
"Krrriiiiii~~"
Right as Vaan begin engraving the Pattern into the Elemental Stone, Flamey appeared.
"Are you interested in this?"
Vaan questioned with a smile on his face.
"Krriii~"
Flamey nodded her little head.
Then, she pointed at the used Elemental Stone that Vaan was engraving on.
Vaan glanced at the Elemental Stone and saw that Flamey had created a huge 'X' mark, he also noticed that she had drawn an 'arrow' on the unused Elemental Stone.
"Are you telling me that I have to use this Elemental Stone?" Vaan chuckled.
"Krii." Little Flamey nodded.
"I know that, Flamey. I am just practicing on it."
Vaan replied with a smile, Flamey, however, shook her head,
"Krrriii~"
She exclaimed, then, Vaan noticed Flames forming patterns around the unused Elemental Stones.
Just like Flamey, her flames didn't have any effect on any object, therefore, other than Vaan being able to see this pattern, there was no use to it.
Vaan then noticed something...
Flamey had not created patterns on a single Elemental Stone...
She had drawn patterns on 2 Elemental Stones simultaneously. Vaan finally understood what the little fairy was trying to say,
"Are you saying that I just need to trace this pattern?"
"Krrrii~" Flamey nodded again.
"On just 2 Elemental Stones...? But the book says I need 5 Elemental Stones for Ignispike Pursuit..." Vaan spoke with a frown.
"Krrriii Kriiiiiiiiiii."
With a pout on her face, Flamey pointed at the book, her flames surrounded the book as if she was trying to burn it, but of course, nothing happened to the book.
"Heh, are you saying I should burn the book and listen to you?"
"Krrii. Krri."
Flamey nodded.
The little Flamey was completely looking down on the book written by a 7th Circle Mage.
"Hahaha." Vaan laughed out loud.
"Alright then, let's keep the book aside for now. I will draw your magic patterns on the stones, but can you draw these patterns on these used Elemental Stones first? I need to practice engraving on them because I am still not confident about it."
"Krrrii."
Flamey nodded. Then, she drew Flames around the used Elemental Stones and Vaan started engraving the pattern by tracing Flamey's flames.
Honestly, if it was before, he would have thought that Flamey was just joking around, even though he was from the Vesta Family, he couldn't use 2 Elemental Stones just to test out a theory, especially when it was not his own theory.
However, Flamey was someone who drew a revolutionary Magic Circle that increased a Mage's strength by more than 50% like it was nothing.
Vaan had already realized long ago that she wasn't just a normal cute little friend, she was insanely knowledgeable. Vaan knew that when it came to matters related to magic, he could trust this little fellow.
With this thought in his mind, Vaan shifted his attention to engraving the Magic Pattern.
 It wasn't a difficult process, a mage only needed to infuse his mana into the Engraving Pen and use constant strength to engrave the pattern, after some practice, it wasn't much different than simply drawing on the pattern.
And with Flamey's flames as a guide, the process was even simpler for Vaan, he simply needed to make sure he used constant strength. It was something that needed patience, which admittedly, was Vaan's weak factor, however, after practicing it for around an hour,
Vaan finally managed to engrave patterns onto the first Elemental Stone.
"Flamey, we did it!" He exclaimed.
"Krriii!"
Flamey flew in circles with an excited look on her face, celebrating together with Vaan.
"Then should we engrave the other pattern?" He questioned.
"Krrrii." Flamey nodded as she drew the patterns using her flames. Vaan traced her patterns, this time, since he had finally learned how to keep applying constant force, the process was a lot simpler and he completed it in 10 minutes.
He then drew the two patterns again just to gain confidence.
This continued for another hour, and then Vaan finally decided to use the actual Elemental Stones.
Flamey was with him with every step with a focused look on her cute face. Vaan then started engraving the patterns, 15 minutes later, he finally engraved the two patterns, and then,
*Whoosh*
The two Elemental Stones turned red.
"Krrriiiii~~"
Flamey jumped in excitement.
A small smile appeared on Vaan's face as well.
His effort bore fruit.
However, it still wasn't over. He needed to test this out.
Unable to contain his excitement, Vaan rushed towards his mother's room.
"Mother!" He spoke as he walked into his mother's room.
Inside, he saw Gabel standing in front of his mother, Vaan finally came back to his senses and bowed his head,
"I apologize for barging in like this, Mother. I was a little too excited."
Astra frowned but then,
"What is it?" She questioned.
Vaan glanced at Gabel and then,
"I wish to talk to you, alone."
Astra glanced at Gabel and nodded. Gabel nodded back and quickly turned around. He glanced at Vaan with a nervous look on his face, scared that Young Master Vaan saw him reporting to his mother and might punish him later.
Vaan, however, ignored him, he already knew.
Once Gabel left,
"What made you so excited that you barged into your mother's room like this, huh?" Astra questioned with a small smile on her face.
Vaan didn't say anything, he simply extended his hands, showing 2 red-colored Elemental Stones.
"An Instant Spell."
Astra recognized it the moment her eyes fell on it.
"What spell is it?" She questioned with a curious look on her face.
"Ignispike Pursuit," Vaan replied, and the moment she heard his reply, Astra narrowed her eyes.
"Ignispike Pursuit needs 5 Elemental Stones, Vaan. Some mages did manage to reduce the number of required stones to 4, but it wasn't perfect and the spell's strength was affected."
"That is why I said I wanted to talk to you alone, your son is a genius, remember?" Vaan replied with a smile on his face.
"I need to use the Magic Training Room to test it out."
Vaan seemed excited and why would he not be?
It was a great discovery after all, if this worked, not only his, but the entire Vesta Family's strength would rise.
And Astra, who understood the weight of this matter, ordered, "Follow me."



Chapter 49 Do you reeeaaally want to know
"Woah, what is this place?"
Vaan exclaimed in amazement as he looked around. He was inside a large ethereal room, with a white floor, walls, and ceiling. At first glance, this place looked bland, however, as one carefully looked around and observed the patterns engraved on the walls, they would feel a mysteriously calming vibe.
"It's my personal Magic Training Room. The Room used by the Head of the Vesta Family. It has stronger walls and a better regeneration system. It also has Engravings that calm a Mage's mind and allow them to concentrate."
Astra answered with a slight smile on her face.
"Having an amazing mother really is a blessing, isn't it? You get to see so many wonderful things." Vaan chuckled. Astra shook her head as she smiled.
Then, to test his mother's words, he quickly formed his Magic Circle, Flamey appeared next to him to stabilize the circle,
*Flicker*
Firespike was summoned, with Speed and Burst added to it, Vaan shot the Spike towards the wall and,
*BOOM*
A huge explosion was heard.
"Burst really does increase the firepower of the spell, doesn't it?" Vaan commented.
He was impressed and satisfied by the firepower, however, as soon as the smoke cleared up, Vaan froze.
The Wall was completely fine.
"That didn't do any damage…?" Vaan was taken aback.
"No, there is a half-a-centimeter deep hole if you look closely."
Astra pointed out. There wasn't much change in her expression, however, she was proud of her son who had started taking magic seriously.
"Aren't these walls too strong? What's the point of testing the magic if you can't even tell how strong your magic is?" Vaan questioned with a frown on his face.
Hearing his question, Astra just smiled, then, she flicked her finger towards the wall and,
*Flicker*
Without any formation of Magic Circle, a Firespike shot toward the wall and,
*BOOOOM*
A louder explosion was heard. The smoke cleared up and,
"What in the..."
Vaan's mouth remained open in shock.
There was a 10 cm deep hole in the wall.
Yes, just this seemingly casual spell from Astra broke the wall that he thought was too strong.
"I am a 7th Circle Mage, Vaan. If the walls aren't durable, I would destroy the room even with my weakest smell.
Don't underestimate your mother, okay? I am quite strong."
Astra chuckled as she jokingly patted her bicep.
"…"
Vaan was still too shocked to say anything.
He knew his mother was strong, but…
What in the hell?
That was just a flick on her finger!
She didn't even create a Magic Circle!
 Where are all those Magic Theories now!?
"I-If you had shot that spell outside… how much damage would that have done…?" Suddenly, Vaan questioned.
He was curious.
"Hmm, it is just a casual spell, so it should only destroy a 2-meter big boulder," Astra replied.
"A casual spell huh…
Mother… what if you use your strongest spell…?
How strong would that be?"
Vaan couldn't contain his curiosity and questioning. Hearing that question, a big smile appeared on Astra's face and,
"Hmmmm, do you reeeaaally want to know?" She questioned back.
"I do." Vaan nodded.
*Flick*
Then suddenly, Astra flicked on Vaan's forehead and,
"Stop wasting time on these useless questions and do what we are here for."
"That's cheating! You should answer my question, I am curious!" Vaan retaliated.
"Why should I answer you? Become a 7th Circle Mage and find the answer yourself. You just need to know that your mother is strong."
"I wouldn't know how strong you are if you don't tell me…" Vaan muttered in an extremely low voice.
Of course, Astra still heard him, "I am strong enough to beat you again and again young man. Now better get to what you came here for or I will prove it to you myself."
"Petty…" Vaan muttered. Then, he took out his two Elemental Stones, then, he injected Mana into the Stones and,
*Flicker*
A huge, 3-meter Fire Spike was formed.
*Whoosh*
The Spike rushed towards the wall and,
*BOOOOM*
Another explosion was heard.
This time, a 3 cm deep hole had appeared.
"It has the same strength as the normal Ignispike Pursuit."
Astra commented.
Her tone may have sounded calm, however, her expression wasn't. She glanced at Vaan with her eyes shining, "How did you come up with it?" She questioned.
"I just… got it…" Vaan didn't know how to answer.
"Are you trying to get back at me for earlier?" Astra narrowed her eyes.
"Of course not! I am not like that, Mother. I really don't know how to explain it to you. It is the same as the Magic Circle, I just… got a feeling that it would work and it did...
B-But isn't it a good thing for us?
Ignispike Pursuit is not a weak spell, if we use these patterns rather than the ones used in the books, the Vaan Family's strength would improve to another level!
You can also take the credit for this spell, it would solidify your position as the Family Head even further!"
Vaan spoke, his golden eyes shining brightly.
He could finally help his mother in some way, there is no way he would back away from doing that.
"Are you trying to assist your mother?" Astra questioned with a curious smile on her face.
"Of course! I can only live an easy life if my mother's position as the head is unparalleled." Vaan replied with a proud smile on his face.
"How greedy." Astra chuckled.
Vaan continued to smile.
"But you don't have to worry, Vaan.
Your mother is already unparalleled."
Astra replied.
Vaan didn't know. He was just confused because he saw other family members trying to use him to target Astra, however,
Astra Elysia Vesta was not a normal woman. She was much much stronger than Vaan's wildest imaginations.
Solidifying her position? If truth be told, then Astra's position couldn't be strengthened any further.
In Vesta City, she was an absolute being.



Chapter 50 I guess it is time to retaliate
"You don't have to worry, Vaan.
Your mother is already unparalleled."
Astra replied.
"Hmm? That may be true, but those uncles of mine still dared to go against you in the meeting, did they not? If your position was that absolute, they wouldn't have bothered going against the head of the family now, would they?
They are definitely up to something, Mother.
I am sure about it."
Vaan was an underworld gang leader in his previous life, he knew how these things worked, if Astra's position was as strong as she thought it was, those 'uncles' of his wouldn't have dared to act like how they did back in the meeting.
Vaan was sure, those people were planning something his mother didn't do. So he needed to help her out. He needed to create a foundation so strong that no matter what those people were planning, none of the mages would dare to go against his mother.
Seeing the serious look on Vaan's face, Astra chuckled again,
"I am not the one they are targeting, Vaan." She spoke as she looked into her son's golden eyes.
"What do you mean…?" Vaan frowned.
"There are different factions that your uncles and aunts have formed. There are two formed by your uncle Draven Elysia Vesta, and aunt, Risia Elysia Vesta, the rest of your uncles and aunts just support these two factions as they fight each other.
Or at least that is how others and even Draven and Risia perceive it, however, in truth, there is a third faction as well. Thought I won't tell you the details about that faction since those people made it behind others' backs and it is supposed to be a secret."
A small smile then appeared on Astra's face and, "It won't be fun if everything is revealed so quickly, now will it?"
Yes, that was what kind of power Astra held.
Everything that was happening in the Vesta Mansion, whether it was the two factions her elder brother and sister had created, or another faction that was formed in secret, she had her eyes on everything.
Vaan worrying about someone like her. Honestly, in Astra's eyes, it was silly but cute.
She liked how her son was worried about her, of course, it's a different thing that there was never anything to worry about.
"I-If you know everything about it then why are you not destroying these factions…?" Vaan couldn't help but question.
"Hmm? Why would I? As I said before, they are not targeting me. They are just competing amongst themselves.
They are trying to gain their footing, showing their powers to the people of Vesta City and trying to gather more strength under them.
What happened in the Meeting was Draven's way to do this.
If he had successfully made me, the family head, punish her own child, it would mean he and his faction holds the power to somewhat influence my decisions. There is no better way to flaunt and show their power than this and it is quite a common tactic. Since, you know, you are called the 'waste'. You are an easy target for them.
Though this time it backfired since the member of the brother's faction was humiliated in front of everyone."
Astra chuckled at the end.
Vaan, however, was still confused.
"Why… are they doing this…?" If they knew that her mother held absolute power, then why…
Then suddenly, Vaan's expression changed.
"Did you realize it?" Astra questioned with a curious smile on her face. From her expression, she was definitely enjoying seeing her child's involvement in these matters.
This was the first time Vaan had shown interest in these matters after all.
The wish that she had buried deep into her heart…
It was slow, but it was being ignited again.
"The next family head…" Vaan muttered.
Astra's smile widened, "Indeed, these factions support their children, the more power they gather, the more say they would have when the next heir of the Vesta Family is chosen, of course, the end result would still depend on how competent the children are, however, that doesn't mean that there would be no politics behind it.
These factions would do whatever they can to make their direct blood the next heir."
 "So they all are going after me, just so they could make their children the next family head?" Vaan questioned.
"Well, pretty much. Though they will not directly harm you since they know the consequences of that, you are still the hot target since you carry the name Astra."
Astra then looked into Vaan's eyes with an interested look on her face and,
"Do you regret having my name in yours?"
Vaan, however, just smiled back,
"Of course not.
I am rather glad that you are my mother, Mother.
I really am."
Vaan replied, then, he snorted,
"As for those dear uncles and aunts of mine, since they dared to use me as a chess piece in the game they are playing, I guess it is time to retaliate."
"Huh?" This time, Astra's expression changed, "Vaan, do not do anything reckless, your uncles and aunts are all strong mages, going against them is not a wise choice."
"I won't be picking fights with them, Mother. In what way would that be entertaining?
Rather than picking useless fights, I'll take away what they want so desperately."
"You mean…" Astra narrowed her eyes.
She desperately hoped what Vaan was going to say next was the same thing she was thinking, the flames of hope that had flickered in her heart, she wanted Vaan to fan them.
And Vaan didn't disappoint her.
"The Position of the Heir,
I will be taking that for myself."
A big smile appeared on Astra's face, soon, however, she contained that smile, then with a slight cough,
"That's quite a great ambition you have." She commented.
"Well, I am your son, what did you expect?"
"Don't think I will support you just because you are my son. As the Family Head, I have the duty to be impartial and choose the best heir possible." Astra replied with a strict look on her face.
"Of course, I will be doing everything on my own. It wouldn't be fun if you, the Queen, join the games of her subject, now would it?
Those factions and the 'prospective heirs' they support, I am going to destroy them all." Vaan spoke, determination burning in his eyes.