Chapter 101 Have you lost your mind or something
The Carriage stopped in front of the Stormweaver House, Aldric stepped out and,
"Young Master Vaan." He bowed his head as he opened the doors of the Carraige for Vaan to step out.
Vaan stepped out, his eyes falling on the Stormweaver Mansion, this was his second time coming here, with a small smile on his face, he walked in.
"Y-Young Master Vaan!"
Vaan's eyes then fell on two familiar guards.
"Do you want the Invitation Letter again?" he questioned with a playful look on his face.
From how stiff their body was, Vaan could tell that these guards were nervous. A good change compared to before, when they were looking down on him.
This is how one should act when the Young Master of the Vesta Family visits them.
Be scared, be nervous, take care of every single thing, make sure nothing you do annoys him,
That is how the Status difference between the two families becomes apparent.
"O-O-Of course not! I-It is our fortune that Young Master Vaan has decided to a-accept our invitation and grace us with his presence.
We have already sent someone to inform Lady Seraphina, she must be waiting for you inside."
The guard who enjoyed 'ordering the Vesta Blood' replied, his body was trembling in fear.
The man standing in front of him killed a 3rd Circle Mage ruthlessly, he saw that battle with his own eyes.
Yes, the guard had taken a day off from his duty just so he could go and watch Vaan get defeated by other Mages. He wanted to watch Vaan get bullied by other mages and humiliated in front of the crowd, however, what he saw shocked him to the core.
That demonic smile as he ruthlessly punched his opponents till their faces were disfigured, that ferocious look in his eyes as he glared at his enemy even after his entire body was electrolyzed with Magic.
The Guard did hear rumors about Vaan's change but he dismissed them very quickly, that day, however, his misconception was clear…
This man… he was much scarier than all other heirs of the Vesta Family combined.
Not to mention how he had the absolute support of the Head of the Vesta Family, who even went as far as killing a 5th Circle Mage who attacked her son.
A 5th Circle Mage! One had to know, the Stormweaver Family Head, Anderson Stormweaver, he had just recently broken through and become a 5th Circle Mage. The Mage who died that day was most probably stronger than Stormweaver Family Head, yet there he was, cut into two pieces in front of the huge crowd and no one dared to raise his or her voice.
That was just how scary the Vesta Family was.
Offending the prospective heir of such a family, that was a foolish decision.
"P-Please go in, Young Master Vaan." The guard bowed his head.
Seeing that, a satisfied smile appeared on Vaan's face as he walked into the Stormweaver Mansion, and as soon as he walked in just a little further, a beautiful white-haired woman could be seen standing in front of him with a maid standing beside her.
"Greetings, Young Master Vaan."
Seraphina slightly lifted the black skirt she was wearing as she bowed her head.
'Heh.'
Vaan chuckled inwardly. Then, he slightly tilted his head towards Aldric and,
"Guess I am not 'expected' to go to the Guest Room and wait for her today."
Aldric smiled weakly.
'He remembers...'
Aldric realized it.
Vaan still hadn't forgotten the disrespect he faced the first time he came here.
And seeing how the Stormweaver Family was showing him the proper respect now, Vaan couldn't help but laugh in joy.
This was the feeling of cornering the rat.
 The woman standing in front of him, she had no other options left.
Relishing this feeling, Vaan continued,
"I don't think it has been that long since we have seen each other, Sera. You interrupted my dinner date with my Fiance a few days ago, remember?"
"Hahaha~
Young Master is right and I deeply apologize for interrupting you that day.
It is just that these days, I often find myself missing Young Master Vaan a little too much, and since I keep thinking about you all the time, even a few days of not seeing you feel like a long time."
Seraphina smiled lightly as she looked into Vaan's eyes.
The words she spoke and the expression she currently had on her face, the previous Vaan would have licked the entire ground clean just so he could experience this once, and even then, he would have failed.
And yet here she was, the great Seraphina Stormweaver, a woman with countless men crazy over her, offering herself on a plate right in front of him.
"By the way, Congratulations on discovering the Advanced Magic Circle, Young Master Vaan."
Seraphina congratulated.
"I published that circle weeks ago, why are you congratulating me right now?" Vaan questioned.
"My mediocre Magic Talent couldn't understand just how much of a great discovery that Magic Circle was, I only realized its greatness when I heard about you using it to defeat your opponents one after another.
Now I regret that I couldn't make it to the Stadium to watch your Duels."
"Well it is not that big of a problem now, is it? Just start some other new rumor and I will probably challenge other mages 'standing up for you'. You can watch the duels then."
Vaan replied.
"Young Master must be joking, I wasn't the one who spread those false rumors and Young Master should know that as well. I am not that kind of woman. I did, however, come up with a solution for this situation.
A permanent solution that would fix all the problems that have or could possibly arise because of these baseless rumors."
"Oh? You thought of a solution? Well then what are you waiting for? Say what you have in mind."
"Shall we first move to somewhere private first? I would feel bad if Young Master Vaan stood up the entire time as we talked."
"You are being extra careful today," Vaan commented.
"As I said, I missed Young Master Vaan, so I am just making sure that Young Master Vaan is satisfied. As they say, a man who is satisfied with his wife returns home much quicker than a man who is not.
Anyways, please follow me, Young Master Vaan."
Saying those words, Seraphina turned around and walked away, telling Vaan to follow him. Anna, Seraphina's maid stopped Aldric, giving the two of them some private time.
Soon, Vaan and Seraphina walked into a room. Vaan sat down, Seraphina sat down in front of him and,
"So? What is the solution you found?" With his hands crossed and one leg over the other, Vaan questioned. From his expression, it was clear that he didn't care about this entire thing, Seraphina noticed that, however, ignoring that face, she proposed,
"The Rumors about Young Master Vaan sexually assaulting me, even if I personally come forward and deny these rumors, it would give an impression that I am being forced by the Vesta Family, this would ruin the Vesta Family's image, which, of course, is something you wouldn't want.
However, there is a way with which not only these rumors, even if more rumors spread in the future, it would not harm our two families."
"And what way is that?" Vaan questioned.
"Please Marry me."
Seraphina requested.
Vaan narrowed his eyes, however, before he could say anything, Seraphina continued,
"Now I will not deny that I have a selfish reason behind this, I have had feelings for Young Master Vaan ever since I saw you, however, as someone who is dedicated to my family and wants it to grow, I had decided to bury these feelings in my heart and focus on my family.
However, when I saw Young Master Vaan on a dinner date a few days ago, these buried feelings all came back, this time, a lot stronger than before.
It is to the point where I can't focus on anything since my mind is completely occupied by Young Master Vaan.
I know this is not the most romantic way to confess my feelings, however, this method does efficiently take care of these and any future rumors there are and I hope Young Master Vaan accepts my proposal."
Seraphina spoke up.
Yes, she had decided to 'sacrifice' herself in order to get out of this situation.
This was her 'grand' plan.
She had decided to give Vaan what he wanted, now even if she loses her value after this, as long as her family was in a good state, she had nothing to complain.
She had brought her family far enough, as for the rest, someone from the future generation would need to continue her work.
Thinking about it, a weak smile appeared on Seraphina's face…
To think that even after doing this much, she would still end up in a helpless state like this…
But then,
"Woman, what in the hell are you talking about?
Have you lost your mind or something?"



Chapter 102 It is time to see my petty side
"Woman, what in the hell are you talking about?
Have you lost your mind or something?"
Vaan questioned with a confused look on his face.
"Huh…?"
Seraphina's expression changed.
"What in the hell are you on about?
Are you insinuating that just any random woman could marry me, the Young Master of the Vesta Family, just by spreading some false rumors about me? Do you even realize what kind of message it spreads? If I marry you because of these rumors, there would be thousands of women following after you, spreading foolish rumors about me. Am I supposed to marry them all?"
Vaan questioned.
"Is Young Master Vaan comparing me to a random woman…?" Seraphina tilted her head.
"Well you aren't exactly special, are you?
Average Magic Talent, Average Family Background, Average looks, you may not be a random woman since we have been friends for a long time, but marrying me, I apologize if it may come off as rude, but Seraphina,
Someone like you shouldn't even dream of marrying me."
Vaan spoke as he looked into Seraphina's eyes with a cold look on his face.
"…"
Seraphina froze.
She couldn't understand what was happening…
Wasn't the reason Vaan doing everything was to get her?
Then why was he rejecting her when she was offering herself?
"Not to mention I already have a Fiancé, how could I possibly marry you when I have someone like Elara? No matter how I see it, that's a downgrade." Vaan commented.
Hearing his words, Seraphina's expression changed.
She finally realized what Vaan was trying to do.
'Heh…'
Seraphina chuckled helplessly.
It was embarrassing and extremely degrading, however, right now, she had no other choice.
"Young Master Vaan, I obviously didn't forget about Elara, I know she is your fiancé and is someone chosen by your mother. I understand that you cannot break off your engagement since she is Lady Astra's pupil and I do not mind it.
Polygamy is extremely common for someone of Young Master Vaan's status, you can marry both of us. Elara can be the main wife, I am satisfied even if I am a concubine. I just wish to stay with Young Master Vaan."
Seraphina spoke as she secretly clenched her fists.
To think she would be forced to become someone's concubine, not to mention she was the one who had to suggest it…
Seraphina was frustrated, but there was nothing she could do. She just bowed her head, waiting for Vaan's reply.
Seeing her like that, Vaan couldn't help but smile inwardly.
'That was all you had to do. It was just that easy.'
He muttered inwardly, talking to the previous Vaan.
Seeing as how a woman who treated even smiling at him as a 'reward' for him, now practically begging to marry him, Vaan couldn't help but chuckle.
'This does feel quite good though…' Vaan thought inwardly, even though he tried to hide it, a small smile couldn't help but appear on his face.
Seraphina saw that smile and clenched her fist even harder.
 She knew her actions would be lowering her 'value' even further, it might even open up the pathway of Vaan abusing her in the future, but for her family's sake, she had to deal with it.
Also, even if she couldn't become Vaan's wife, just being his concubine would uplift her status to an incomparable level.
She might not be able to use Vaan like she did before and might even lose the support of many other young mages who were after her, however, the new networks she would make using her status as Vaan's Concubine would be much more useful than what she had right now.
She might even have the chance to raise her family's status to an even higher position if she 'satisfies' Vaan.
Thinking about it, Seraphina gulped, then, resigning to her fate, she smiled.
'To whatever the future holds…'
She muttered inwardly, trying to cheer herself.
But then,
"That is Lady Elara for you, not Elara.
This is the second time I am correcting you, Seraphina."
Vaan spoke up.
"What…?" Seraphina's expression changed.
Where did that come from?
She wondered inwardly.
Vaan, however, didn't care about what she was thinking and continued speaking, it was finally time for the last push.
"Also, although you are correct about how I cannot break off my engagement with Elara, your reasoning is completely wrong.
Her being Mother's Pupil doesn't matter, I won't break off my engagement with her because I love her. An amazing woman like her, only a fool would give up on her.
I don't know why I get this feeling from you, but I think you are indirectly comparing yourself to Elara and are actually putting yourself above her, so let me make things clear right here and now,
No, you are not better than Elara.
Honestly, you aren't even in the competition.
And I am not even talking about Magic Talent here. Elara is beautiful, probably the most beautiful woman I have ever seen in my life. She is sweet, she is adorable, she is smart, she may be a bit naïve, but that just adds up to her charm.
You are heavily outmatched, Seraphina and it is to the point where if I take you as a concubine, it would be disrespectful to my Elara, so stop suggesting that stupid idea again and again."
Vaan paused, then he leaned forward, and,
"And stop disrespecting my future wife. I have been excusing you for a while now, but if I ever see you not showing her proper respect,
You won't like what I am going to do,
Is that clear?"
"…"
Seraphina turned silent.
She looked into Vaan's eyes and no matter how hard she tried, she couldn't find those eyes that looked at her with desire.
It was as if that Vaan had disappeared.
Seraphina closed her eyes and started thinking. She needed to come up with a solution before this meeting ends, however,
Vaan stood up.
Then, he placed a paper on the table, then glancing at Seraphina, he spoke,
"This is the list of everything you have borrowed from me till now, the renting cost and the interest rates are written in front of them and the total is mentioned at the bottom of the list and on the backside.
Considering our close relationship, the rental cost and interest rates I have applied are half the market price, but I suggest that you clear your account as soon as possible. You should know that these rates continue to increase as time passes, and you have been already piling up for the past decade.
I will be taking my leave now."
Vaan spoke up as he walked away.
8560 Elemental stones.
"!!!"
Seraphina, who glanced at the total widened her eyes in horror.
8560 Elemental stones.
"T-This doesn't make any sense!" She screamed as she turned towards Vaan.
"This amount is beyond comprehension! Not even the entirety of the Stormweaver Family's treasury would cover it! How did it get this high!?"
She questioned.
Vaan paused, then he turned around and,
"Your interests have been piling up for 10 years, Seraphina.
All the details are mentioned in there, you can have them rechecked to confirm it, I do not mind it.
The Vesta Family does not fool others in order to make profits."
Vaan replied, then, he turned away, wanting to leave, but then,
"There was no contract signed."
Seraphina commented.
It didn't matter anymore, Vaan had already made it clear that he wouldn't marry her, the two of them already stood on opposite sides now, Seraphina was trying to prevent this, however, with this monstrously huge 'debt' over her head, Seraphina was out of options.
Even if it strained her relationship with Vaan, she had to do something about this debt.
"In accordance with the established regulations of the Vesta Family, it is imperative that any trade, regardless of the applicable interest rates, be accompanied by a duly executed contract bearing the signatures of all involved parties. However, for the items in this list that were 'lent' to me, there exists no such executed contract. This absence effectively designates all of these transactions as 'Gifts,' thereby exempting them from any associated interest charges or repayment obligations, in keeping with the customary understanding that gifts do not entail such financial commitments."
Seraphina spoke, her tone completely different from before. She wasn't rude, however, the 'professionalism' in her language made her tone clear.
Vaan narrowed his eyes.
Seraphina's tone, even in his past life, he didn't like people who talked like the way she was talking right now.
If it was the previous him, he would have simply punched this bitch, however, he was now a new Vaan, an improved Vaan,
He was now a peace-loving person.
"So from what I understand, you are saying you won't be returning any of it, let alone paying the interest, correct?"
Vaan questioned.
"I am not obligated to return anything, as mentioned above, Gifts do not have to be returned and of course, there are no interest charges on them, since those items belong to me now."
"I understand." Vaan nodded, then, he just turned around.
Seeing that, Seraphina narrowed her eyes. Breaking her character, she questioned,
"What are you going to do now?"
Vaan stopped, then, he glanced at Seraphina, and with a small smirk on his face, he replied,
"What do you expect?
The things I did for you for the sake of our friendship, you are repaying me by asking for an official contract and are trying to cheat me. Legally, you are on the right of course, so I won't be doing anything.
But don't expect it to end here.
You have seen my kind side,
Now it is time to see my petty side.
Seraphina Stormweaver, I will make it clear right now. This won't end well for you. You used my friendship, I will do the same. From knowing you for so long, I know you deeply care for your family,
So I will be targeting your family in the future, everything you have built after so much effort, your family structure, the people you have hired, and the connections you have built. I will make sure I will destroy it all.
I'll pressure your family using my influence, I'll make it so others will avoid you like the plague,
And I will do it till you return every single penny to me and this time,
There won't be any friendly discounts."



Chapter 103 This battle, it is already your defeat
"I'll pressure your family using my influence, I'll make it so others will avoid you like the plague,
And I will do it till you return every single penny to me and this time,
There won't be any friendly discounts."
Saying those words, Vaan walked towards the door, wanting to leave, but,
'So I will be targeting your family in the future, everything you have built after so much effort, your family structure, the people you have hired, and the connections you have built. I will make sure I will destroy it all.
I'll pressure your family using my influence.'
Vaan suddenly heard his own voice. He turned around with a frown on his face, then he saw Seraphina standing with a Crystal Ball in her hand,
She had recorded everything he said.
"No matter how I see it, this is clearly a threat.
Young Master Vaan is using his family's status to pressure me into giving in to your demands. Young Master of the righteous Vesta Family acting like a thug, I doubt many in the Vesta Family would like it."
Seraphina commented as she looked into Vaan's eyes.
Vaan glanced at Seraphina and with a frown on his face, he questioned, "What are you trying to say?"
"What I am saying is that if this recording gets leaked, it won't end well for Young Master Vaan. I know Young Master Vaan has returned to the Battle of Heirs and is fighting for the position of Family Heir again, however, if this is revealed, it would deeply affect Young Master Vaan's position.
Now Young Master Vaan wouldn't want a mere 'average' woman causing you so much trouble, would he?"
Seraphina questioned and hearing her words, Vaan narrowed his eyes,
"Are you threatening me?"
Seraphina shook her head, "That is not correct, Young Master Vaan. I merely want you to make a wise decision here that would be best for both of us. Pushing me into a corner would bring nothing but trouble to you. There is no need for someone of your stature to get involved with someone like me.
I suggest Young Master Vaan leave me alone, and I give you my word that you will never see or hear from me again. I am even willing to sign a contract stating the above conditions."
"And what if I don't agree to your suggestion?"
"Then you would leave me no choice but to use this recording as my last weapon."
"Then do it." A smile appeared on Vaan's face.
"What…?" Seraphina tilted her head in confusion, Vaan, however, just glanced at her with a wide smile on her face,
"Spread this recording all over the Vesta City, do it, and let's reveal how you used my kindness for your own benefit and are now refusing to pay me back.
Let's open up this entire situation to the public and let them decide who is in the right and who is in the wrong.
You, who are being 'threatened' by the Young Master of the Vesta Family,
Or me, who was cheated out of more than 8000 Elemental Stones.
I am looking forward to you fanning this situation, giving me more freedom to openly come after you."
Vaan's smile was honestly scary, Seraphina, however, wasn't scared. She was willing to see this to the end,
"Again, those were considered 'Gifts', I never cheated you out of anything."
"Let us see what the public believes."
"The public would believe what they are made to believe.
Young Master Vaan liked me, that was the reason why he was often found around me and gave me many 'Gifts', trying to woo me. However, when I rejected his advances, he was enraged and started asking me to return everything he had ever given to me.
This story combined with your actions in the past,
I'd say it is pretty believable, correct?"
Seraphina spoke with a small smile on her face.
 It was her win. No matter what Vaan did, as long as he didn't have written proof, there was nothing he could do to stop people from believing this story.
It would be Vaan's open loss and honestly, it would also be a form of protection she and her family would receive, as once this matter becomes public and people learn about the feud between Vaan and her, after her victory, to protect their family dignity, the Vesta Family would make sure Vaan won't do anything reckless trying to harm her or her family.
However, even after that, Seraphina didn't wish to take this step, if she did that, she would be facing Vaan as her enemy for the rest of her life, which would definitely affect her family's growth.
Honestly, Seraphina wanted to settle this matter as quietly and quickly as possible,
However,
'Polygamy is extremely common for someone of Young Master Vaan's status, you can marry both of us. Elara can be the main wife, I am satisfied even if I am a concubine. I just wish to stay with Young Master Vaan'
Seraphina then saw a Crystal Ball in Vaan's hand.
"That certainly does look like you rejecting me, the public would surely believe that." Vaan nodded.
Seraphina widened her eyes in shock.
To think he recorded what she said!
Vaan's smile just widened even further and,
"These little games of yours,
I have been playing them for a decade now.
Woman, you are far too inexperienced to go against someone like me.
Whether you decide to spread that recording or not, it doesn't matter.
This battle, it is already your defeat.
The only thing that is left to decide is how much damage you and your family will take before you finally give in and return every penny you have taken from me."
Vaan turned around, then, he raised his hand and, "You can tear that bill apart if you want, it still had my considerations as your friend and as I said, the updated bill won't have those discounts.
I want you to pay in full and I suggest you do it as soon as possible.
The bill will be sent to you tomorrow,
Till then,
Have a good day, Seraphina Stormweaver."
Saying those words, Vaan finally left.
Seraphina stood there in silence, unable to process what happened.
It was her complete defeat.
If she openly opposes Vaan, he would simply frame her and get a reason to openly target her, crippling her family's growth and slowly chipping its strength away.
If she takes everything without resistance, the absurd amount of debt would empty out her family's treasury, and they would be no different than slaves working desperately in order to pay off their loans.
Anything she did would backfire on her and eventually destroy her family.
There was no way out of this situation-
No, there was…
There was one final option.
Seraphina left the guest room and walked towards her own room, in front of the door of her room, she found Anna, who stood there with a worried look on her face,
"Lady Seraphina, what happened in the meeting, Young Master Vaan's expression was strange…" Anna questioned.
"There is no use talking about it." Seraphina waved her hand, then, she looked at her trusted maid and,
"Anna, I need your help."
Anna's expression changed, just from Seraphina's expression, she could tell what Seraphina wanted from her.
A determined expression appeared on Anna's face and,
"Please tell me what to do, Lady Seraphina."
"Dreamweave, bring it here," Seraphina ordered.
This was the last option available.
Turn Vaan into a helpless addict who would do anything just for a single packet of Dreamweave. Of course, it was a desperate measure and something that could potentially destroy her entire family if she was caught, however, Seraphina had already prepared the countermeasures.
Even if she does get caught, she would be taking the entirety of the blame on herself.
"As you command, Lady Seraphina.
When do I leave?"
"In three days."
"I understand." Anna nodded.
Seraphina then glanced at her trusted maid and, "You know the catch, correct?"
"I perfectly understand the risks involved.
The only ones who know about this matter are me and Lady Seraphina.
No one else in the Stormweaver Family should know about it."
Anna answered, completely understanding the severity of the issue.
"Good." Seraphina smiled as she placed her hand on Anna's shoulder.
"Take rest for the next three days. It is going to get hectic."
"I understand."
"But do not leave the Stormweaver House, it might not be safe out there…"
Seraphina ordered.
"Yes." Anna nodded again.
Seraphina nodded back, then, she walked into her room, jumped on her bed, and with her eyes closed, she exhaled deeply.
…
On the other side, Orion, who, after training Vaan, was returning to his room, found an extremely beautiful woman sitting on his bed.
"Hello, beautiful lady. What can I do for you?" He asked with a playful smile on his face.
"Are you sure you should be doing what you are doing?" Astra, who was not in the mood for any jokes, questioned with a solemn look on her face.



Chapter 104 You are a Silent Tyrant
"Hello, beautiful lady. What can I do for you?"
"Are you sure you should be doing what you are doing?" Astra, who was not in the mood for any jokes questioned with a solemn look on her face.
"So you found out," Orion commented with a slight smile on his face.
"Don't act like you are surprised."
"I am not. I already know you have eyes everywhere in the Vesta Mansion. You are a Silent Tyrant, my wife."
"You brought him to my Magic Training Room, if you wanted to actually hide something from me, you would have taken him to your own Training Room," Astra replied.
Orion just smiled and didn't say anything.
"Anyways, you still haven't answered my question. Training him to be a Magician and a Swordsman, are you sure it is the right decision?"
"Well you can't be sure of anything, now can you?" Orion replied. Then, he glanced at Astra and,
"I just don't want him to waste his gift.
That boy uses a never seen before Advanced Magic Circle, and he can cast his spells while sparring with me, none of these things is something even the experienced mages can do.
Not to mention his determination to push his body to limits, that willpower alone is enough to push him to become the best swordsman there is.
Vaan is gifted and I want him to use his gifts and become the greatest there ever was."
"But what if his body breaks down? The burden you are putting him through isn't a simple one. Becoming a Mage and a Swordsman at the same time, although it may sound great, the idea itself is flawed.
What if this hinders his growth in both Magic and Swordsmanship? What if our high goals turned our son into someone who tried everything but couldn't excel in anything?
What if Vaan becomes the Jack of all trades but master of none?"
"Well, a Jack of all Trades Master of none is oftentimes better than Master of one."
"Not in Vaan's case.
The beings he will go against aren't weak, if he wishes to be Head of the Vesta Family, he would be going against the best there are.
A shallow effort won't even budge them.
Vaan needs to be nothing short of perfect if he wishes to inherit the Vesta Family."
"Now who's the one putting all this pressure on him, huh?" Orion joked.
"I am not pressuring him into doing anything. He is the one who decided to walk on this path, I am just stating what he would face.
You, on the other hand, are making him do something completely unnecessary and unsure."
"And if that something is achieved, Vaan might even become the strongest being the world has ever seen."
"But that something has never been achieved before."
"Have you seen or heard about someone being as talented as Vaan?"
Orion questioned.
"…"
Astra turned silent.
In a calm voice, Orion walked towards Astra and gently held her hands,
"If there is someone who can do it, it is Vaan. Trust your child a little, Astra.
Also, it is not like I am making him learn Aura, now am I?
The energy in his body won't be unstable, the only thing it might affect is the time he gets to learn his Magic Spells."
Astra glanced at Orion and then,
 "His Magic Practice time, his Battle Style, his Battle Strategy, everything is being affected by this, don't try to fool me."
"…"
Orion smiled wryly as he saw his wife glaring at him.
"W-Well, it is not like he was fighting like a normal mage should before, now was he?
That boy likes to punch his opponents.
He has the makings of a warrior, not a mage.
Honestly, if it wasn't for his decision to stick to Magic, I would have turned him into an Aura User, that is what suits him the most."
Orion wasn't willing to back down.
"…" Astra continued to glare at her husband.
"Don't look at me like that, I said what I said."
Orion looked away.
"…"
"…"
The room turned silent.
Astra then shook her head as she stood up.
"I will trust you for now."
"Well of course, have I ever broken your trust?"
"That is the reason I am trusting you." A small smile appeared on Astra's face as she glanced at Orion.
Orion momentarily froze as he saw his wife.
"Anyways, I know you want the best for our child, so I will be leaving him to you,
I will be taking my leave no- Annh!"
Before Astra could walk away, Orion grabbed her hand and pulled her close to him. Then, he turned around as they both fell on the bed with Orion on top of Astra.
"What are you doing?" Astra narrowed her eyes.
"Heh."
Orion chuckled.
Then without saying anything, he lowered his head.
With a helpless smile on her face, Astra closed her eyes.
It had been a while indeed.
The lights of the room were automatically closed and nothing was visible.
…
The next day, Vaan was back in his mother's Magic Training Room, with Astra's permission, he was allowed to use this room for as long as he wanted, whenever he wanted.
A privilege rarely any mages had.
Honestly, thinking how Karl fought with Vaan over him using the Magic Training rooms prepared for 3rd Circle Mages and how Vaan was now using Astra's personnel room,
Karl's death felt unfair.
That poor guy must be cursing Vaan from the Reincarnation Cycle.
Of course, Vaan couldn't care less about the dead cursing him, he had better things to think about and do, especially right now, when he was standing in front of his cute fiancé, who was looking around with a confused look on her face.
"V-Vaan… you said we would be training for the upcoming Elemental Clash… but what is this…?" Elara questioned in an unsure tone.
"This is the start of your training, Elara."
"W-Why are we training with a wooden sword?"
Elara questioned.
She couldn't tell what Vaan was thinking.
Vaan, on the other hand, had a big smile on his face.
This was the second step of his grand plan of converting Elara into a gangster.
He would be teaching her some Martial Arts. Of course, he wasn't going to go on an extreme level and teach her what his father was teaching him.
He and Elara weren't the same.
What he wanted to teach Elara was simple, he wanted her to learn how to hurt her opponents.
Elara was an exceptional mage. Whether it was target practice, her efficiency in learning new spells, or creating her own varieties of spells, she excelled in everything. According to Astra, Elara was much better than most of the 4th Circle Mages there are, however, even then,
When it comes to Magic Duel, she often comes out as the loser.
The reason behind this was simple, Elara, even though she is much better than her opponents, is not able to battle with her full capabilities because she is scared that she would end up hurting her opponent.
And this was the problem Vaan wanted to solve. Also, learning martial arts and hitting people was a great way of getting rid of one's timidness, this was one of Vaan's goals as well.
"To be honest with you, me and my mother had a fight."
Suddenly, Vaan spoke up.
"What? Why?" Elara questioned, surprised and worried.
"Well, Mother said you won't be able to win the Elemental Clash.
But since you are the best 4th Circle Mage I knew, I said you would win and we fought."
"T-That's…" Elara didn't know what to say.
"There are a lot of 4th Circle Mages who are better than me…" She muttered in a low voice.
"No way. You are the best there is." Vaan quickly shook his head.
"That is no-"
Elara wanted to deny Vaan's words, however, Vaan continued,
"Anyways, seeing that Mother wasn't believing in my fiancé, I decided to challenge her.
The two of us have made a bet, if you win, Mother will give the two of us 100 elemental stones in total, if you lose, I will need to give her 200 Elemental Stones."
"What!? Why would you do that!? I won't be able to win!" Elara panicked.
Vaan then suddenly grabbed her hand, then, he looked into Elara's eyes, and,
"You will win, just trust me and do what I said,
Would you do it?"
"…"
Elara froze as she looked into Vaan's eyes.
"You do trust your fiancé, correct?"
Vaan questioned.
In the end, Elara nodded timidly, Vaan smiled, he quickly kissed her forehead, then, he backed away and pointed his wooden sword at her.
"Now come and attack me."
"W-What?" Elara blinked a few times. Unable to believe what Vaan said.
"Just trust me and do what I say," Vaan spoke.
Elara then closed her eyes and rushed towards Vaan.
Her form was full of openings, however, without caring about that, she attacked.
Vaan sidestepped, dodging her head, Elara failed to control her momentum and fell down.
Or that was what should have happened, Vaan however, caught her before she could, then he rolled around as he fell down with Elara on top of him.
The two looked into each other's eyes, Elara panicked, she wanted to move away and was worried about Vaan getting hurt,
Vaan, however, held her tightly and,
"I am hurt,
So don't move and let me heal like this."



Chapter 105 How was your Date
"I am hurt,
So don't move and let me heal like this."
Vaan spoke as he placed his hand on Elara's lower back, not allowing her to move aside.
"V-V-Vaan!"
Elara's face turned bright red, she wanted to move away, however, since Vaan was 'hurt', she could not. In the end, she just gave up and continued to look away, trying not to make eye contact.
Vaan enjoyed her reactions, he continued to stare at his fiancé even though he knew that she was feeling embarrassed by his gaze.
This continued for a whole minute before Elara finally gathered enough confidence to speak up,
"D-D-Do we not have to train?"
"Do we really have to?" Vaan questioned with a slight smile on his face.
"You said you made a bet with the Teacher…" Elara was still worried.
200 Elemental Stones was no small amount, even for someone like Vaan. Thinking that Vaan might lose this much because of her, it clearly bothered Elara.
"So will you do what I say from now on?"
Vaan questioned.
"I-I will." Elara nodded.
"Good, then kiss my forehead."
Vaan ordered with a big smile on his face.
Elara's blush deepened,
"H-How is that r-related to my training?"
"You said you would do whatever I tell you to, you weren't lying to your fiancé, were you?"
"…"
Elara turned silent.
Vaan continued to stare at her, then, "I am still waiting, Elara." He reminded.
"Alright, let's do this, I will close my eyes, and you kiss my forehead, would that work?" Vaan spoke as he closed his eyes.
Elara sneakily glanced at Vaan and noticing that he had actually closed his eyes, Elara gathered her courage and,
She kissed Vaan's forehead.
Of course, it was a light kiss, the quickest one Vaan had ever felt or seen, however, that short kiss was so adorable that it brought a big smile on Vaan's face.
His fiancé really was too cute.
'I am falling in love…'
Vaan chuckled wryly.
"S-Should we begin now…?" Seeing Vaan's smile, Elara felt a little different, different feelings filled her heart, feelings she didn't know how to react to, therefore, she decided to direct her focus on something else and get her mind away from this.
Not knowing what was going on inside her mind, Vaan nodded.
No matter how fun it was, he was here to train his fiancé, that dream of seeing a Gangster Elara, it wouldn't come true on its own, he needed to convert his Elara on his own.
"Stand up."
Vaan ordered.
Elara did as she was told.
 "Pick your sword and come at me again.
This time, keep your eyes open, mind your momentum, and don't just think about attacking me once, think about a combination of moves."
Vaan ordered.
Elara nodded, then she picked up her sword and rushed toward Vaan again.
This time, Elara was careful, even after Vaan dodged her attack, she didn't slip, rather, she quickly changed her direction and attacked again.
Of course, Vaan continued to masterfully dodge her attacks.
He didn't wish to say it, however, Elara's attacks were disastrously bad, she was slow, she was weak and she had no technique at all. Of course, Vaan expected this, like most mages, Elara hadn't trained her body at all.
Not to mention her timid personality was holding her back.
However, Vaan could sense it.
As he continued to dodge Elara's attacks effortlessly, she was changing, her attacks were getting better and better with each passing second.
Her hesitation, which was holding her back, knowing that Vaan could dodge her attacks easily and that she could go all out without hurting him, Elara's attacks got more and more confident.
Although it was not what Vaan wanted, it was still progress.
The two sparred for 30 minutes, then, Elara finally fell down, tired.
"Haah… Haahh… Haahh…"
She breathed heavily, her body drenched in sweat.
"That was good."
Vaan smiled as he passed a towel to her.
Elara grabbed the towel and as her eyes fell on Vaan, she questioned,
"How are you not tired at all…?"
Right now, even speaking felt like a chore to Elara, and seeing how Vaan, though still covered with sweat, was standing in front of her in perfect condition, she couldn't make sense of the situation.
Hearing her question, Vaan smiled wryly.
Recalling his father's training and how he couldn't move after doing that set of exercises, this little 'spar' felt like a breeze to him.
There wasn't a heaven's shocking change in his body in just one day, however, Vaan could definitely feel some change in his body. With how quickly his body was improving, Vaan was honestly shocked.
"I am quite strong, you know?" Vaan replied with a confident smile on his face.
"…" Elara was amazed.
To think Vaan was this strong…
She knew he was a Magic Genius, but this…
This was quite amazing as well.
"Anyways, that is it for today's training, now go back, eat and rest well, is that clear?"
"I-It's over?"
Elara was taken aback.
They were here to train for the Elemental Clash but they haven't trained their Magic at all! How is she going to prepare for the tournament if she doesn't practice Magic?
And as if he could read her mind, Vaan replied,
"I am not skilled enough to teach you Magic, Elara.
You should be the one teaching me that. I would have accompanied you for Magic Practice right now, however, I need to train with Father.
So have some rest, recover, and I'll join you soon, would that work?"
Elara glanced at Vaan, then, she nodded.
Vaan extended his hand towards Elara, asking her to get up, Elara held his hand, stood up, and excused herself.
Vaan was left alone in the room. Soon, Orion walked in.
"How was your little date?"
"We were training for the tournament."
"Right, me and Astra used to train for a lot of tournaments as well. We even trained for some tournaments that weren't even there."
Orion nodded, totally not believing his son.
"…"
Vaan knew his father had misunderstood, however, since he didn't especially dislike what Orion had understood, he didn't bother correcting him either. Vaan shrugged, Orion glanced at his child and,
"Are you ready?"
Vaan nodded.
"Then what are you waiting for, start with stance one," Orion ordered and Vaan's training started.
This was how Vaan spent his days, training Elara, then training with his Father, then returning to Elara to practice Magic, study some Magic on his own, spending some time with his mother, then ending his day.
His days were peaceful and fruitful.
He was getting stronger as each day passed, especially his body which was in a nightmarish condition, he was improving at a rapid rate, even in his training with Elara, Elara's attacks were getting more and more refined as well.
Everything was going well, and Vaan would have preferred if it would remain the same, however, he knew something was going to happen.
Something that he had arranged after so many days of planning.
He was finally going to win.
*Knock* *Knock*
Suddenly, Vaan heard a knock.
"Young Master Vaan, you have received a letter."
A cruel smile appeared on Vaan's face.
…
Stormweaver Mansion was known for its high security.
Although the guards working in the Stormweaver Family weren't exactly strong, and compared to the actually strong families, the Stormweaver Family's defense wasn't that strong, however, when compared with the families of their level,
The Stormweaver Family definitely stood out.
This was because of their impeccable management system, a System that guarantees guards keep watch all the time, but also guarantees that all the guards get enough rest and are in their best condition all the time.
A perfect ever-changing shift system where each Shift overlaps with the other, not allowing even a slight second of negligence,
Today, however, there was a slight mistake in this normally perfect shift system,
Today, there was a gap between two shifts, and as if knowing that this would happen, a cloaked figure rushed into the Stormweaver's Mansion, avoiding all the eyes, the figure soon entered the mansion.
With how confidently the figure was moving around, it looked like the figure had the entire map of the place in its head. The figure continued to move, the path it took was certainly much less guarded than the other paths,
It was a path that not many in the Stormweaver Family should know about, the figure, however, knew it like the back of its hand.
Soon, the figure arrived in front of Seraphina Stormweaver's room. It looked around, confirming that there was no one around, then, it barged in.
Seraphina, who was sitting inside her room panicked as she felt someone entering her room, she quickly turned around, her eyes falling on the cloaked figure,
"Did you get it?" she questioned.
The cloaked figure nodded as she removed her cloak and revealed her face.
It was Anna, Seraphina's trusted maid.
She had returned with the Dreamweave.
"Now hide it to the place I told you before. Be careful, its existence cannot be revealed no matter what, is that clear?" Seraphina ordered.
Anna nodded.
But then,
*Knock* *Knock*
The two women heard a knock.
"Who is it?" Seraphina questioned with a frown on her face, she wasn't expected to be bothered right now.
"Lady Seraphina, Young Master Vaan had come to visit you."
The servant reported and Seraphina and Anna's eyes widened in absolute horror.



Chapter 106 Would you mind if I search your room
"Lady Seraphina, Young Master Vaan had come to visit you."
The servant reported and hearing that report, both Seraphina and Anna's widened their eyes in absolute horror.
"What is he doing here?"
Seraphina questioned out loud.
Usually, she had decent control over her emotions, right now, however, things were different. For Vaan to come at this moment, that too, completely unannounced if this was purely coincidence, it was one heck of a coincidence.
Even then, Seraphina was having a hard time calming her nerves.
"Lady Seraphina." Suddenly, Anna called out.
Seraphina turned towards her,
"I will take care of this, you shouldn't keep him waiting," Anna spoke with a determined look on her face.
The brave front she was showing was definitely admirable. Especially considering the fact that she would be the first to die the moment the Dreamweave was revealed since she was the one who brought it here.
Whether she was ordered to do it or not, that fact didn't matter. Heck, because of her low status, she wouldn't even be given the time to represent herself or clear her name.
However, seeing that Anna was still putting out the brave front and was actually thinking about how to deal with the situation instead of panicking like her, Seraphina couldn't help but admire her maid.
She nodded at Anna, then, trusting the Dreamweave with her, she walked out of the room, wanting to meet Vaan as soon as possible and figure out why he came here.
…
"Young Master Vaan."
Seraphina greeted as she walked into the bedroom where Vaan was waiting.
"Oh? You came here quite early." Vaan spoke, pleasantly surprised that he didn't have to wait for much longer, soon, however, a frown appeared on his face.
"Seraphina, you don't look as good as you normally do. What happened? Is it your make-up? Am I so accustomed to always seeing you with makeup that the natural you look kind of ugly to me?"
Vaan questioned with a curious smile on his face.
Of course, Seraphina could tell what Vaan was trying to do, he was indirectly calling her ugly, Seraphina, however, didn't have the time and energy to bother with something like that.
"I heard that Young Master Vaan had come to visit, so I came here as soon as I could. I apologize if I couldn't prepare enough because of my hurry." Seraphina replied as she gracefully walked towards Vaan, serving him tea, before finally sitting on the chair in front of him.
"Is that so…? It seems you were quite excited to me…
Or…
Maybe you panicked when you heard about my arrival and quickly came here to see what I am here for."
Vaan spoke as he looked into Seraphina's eyes.
Seraphina's body momentarily froze.
Vaan's words, they were oddly accurate. It was almost as if he could see her all the way from here and was describing the situation.
This couldn't possibly be good.
Seraphina could tell, Vaan wasn't here with good intentions. Not to mention him coming here right when Anna returned with Dreamweave, something was wrong. Seraphina could feel it.
Was Anna being followed by the Vesta Family men? Seraphina started wondering, soon, however, she shook her head.
The Vesta Family doesn't play games like these. If they were so suspicious of Anna to the point that they would follow her, they would have simply captured her and there was nothing she could have done about it.
'Why is he here…?'
Seraphina wondered as she glanced at Vaan.
Of course, even though she knew the situation was bad, Seraphina wasn't stupid enough to react in front of Vaan and confirm his suspicions.
A small smile appeared on her face and,
 "Young Master must be joking, why would I panic because of your arrival? As I said, I just came here as soon as possible because I didn't want Young Master Vaan to wait for me."
"The sweat on your forehead doesn't say the same though." Vaan pointed out.
Seraphina touched her forehead and quickly realized she was sweating, a wry smile then appeared on her face as she continued,
"It is because I rushed all the way here that I am this sweaty. I will be careful next time."
Vaan nodded in understanding,
Then, he started looking around.
The more he acted that way, the more Seraphina's heartbeat quickened, Vaan's presence was messing with her mind, and even though she wanted to calmly think about this whole situation, imagining the worst-case scenarios playing out in her mind was scaring her. She couldn't think properly.
And then suddenly,
"Where is that maid who always followed you?" Vaan questioned.
This time, Seraphina couldn't control herself, she was trying to keep a straight face all this time, but with Vaan asking about Anna, her expression changed and with a panicked frown on her face, she replied.
"She is on leave today,
Why do you ask?"
"She is on leave?" Vaan raised his eyebrow, he looked surprised.
"Yes, that is correct." Seraphina nodded her head.
"That is quite strange…"
Vaan frowned.
"I could swear I saw her roaming around the Mansion."
"That might be because she hasn't left the Mansion. She actually has nowhere to go to, so she usually spends her holidays roaming around and resting in the Stormweaver Mansion." Seraphina replied, doing her best to sound calm and answer in a way that opened up the ways for her to back down later.
Vaan, however, wasn't here to play any games today.
He stood up, and as he did, Seraphina's heartbeat quickened.
"Seraphina." Suddenly, Vaan spoke, this time, his tone was commanding.
"Would you mind if I search your room?"
He questioned, his tone, however, gave an impression that he wasn't willing to take no for an answer.
"H-Huh? That is quite a strange request, Young Master Vaan. You can't just ask to enter a ladies' room like this, you know?" Seraphina laughed, trying to take this as a joke and stall the matter.
"I believe it would be better than the Mages from the Vesta Family searching the entire Stormweaver House, won't it?
A whole wide search by the Vesta Family often ends up finding something they shouldn't.
And even if they don't find anything, the fact that your House was searched by the Vesta Family Mages would definitely affect your connections, don't you think?"
"I still do not understand on what grounds are you trying to search my room. Search is quite a strong word you see and honestly, it makes me quite uncomfortable."
Suddenly, Vaan took out a Black colored ball from his pockets, it was an item that allowed him to talk to his mother, it was like a telephone.
"Should I just call the Vesta Mages instead?"
"What Young Master Vaan is doing right now can be considered as a threat, you know? Even if you are the Young Master of the Vesta Family, you cannot just threaten people using your family name and do whatever you want."
"Everything would be solved if you just let me search your room."
"There are some personal things that I do not wish to show anyone in my room."
"Are those things perhaps illegal?"
"Of course not. I just do not wish to reveal it to others, I have my own private life and preferences."
"Again, you have two options, its either I see your personal legal things you wish to hide from others, or it is the Mages from the Vesta Family, the choice is up to you."
"Young Master Vaan, you must provide me with a valid reason if you wish to enter my room. I cannot grant you access solely based on your requ-"
Before Seraphina could even complete,
"The Vesta Mages it is then," Vaan spoke up.
Then, he quickly turned around and brought the black item close to his mouth.
"W-Wait!"
Seraphina shouted.
"What is it? I do not have all day, Seraphina." Vaan turned around with a frown on his face.
"You wish to search my room, correct? You can do it. I do not want to ruin my Family's image by bringing the Vesta Mages into this.
However, Young Master Vaan must provide me with a clear answer after this is over and nothing is found."
Seraphina spoke as she looked into Vaan's eyes.
This was enough, she had stalled enough time for Anna to quickly hide the Dreamweave in the location she ordered her to and leave her room.
Now, even if Vaan were to destroy her entire room, he still wouldn't be able to find it.
The Mages from the Vesta Family, however, were different, if it is them, then there is no guarantee, honestly, the chances of them finding it were higher.
This was the reason why Seraphina wanted to avoid bringing those Mages into this.
"Alright, show the way."
Vaan ordered.
Still a bit dissatisfied, Seraphina turned around and left the guest room, taking Vaan to her personal room.
"Here, this is my room, you can search wherever you wan-"
Seraphina spoke as she entered her room, her eyes, however, quickly fell on Anna, who was still inside her room and she frowned in confusion.
'What is she doing here!? Was she unable to hide it!?' Seraphina wondered in her head.
On the other hand, a big smile appeared on Vaan's face.
"Seraphina." He suddenly called out.
"Do you ever wonder since when did things start getting worse for you?"



Chapter 107 I surrender
"Seraphina, do you ever wonder since when did things start getting worse for you?"
Vaan questioned with a big smile on his face.
Seraphina turned towards him, her expression was anything but good.
Seeing that Vaan was simply smiling at her, Seraphina decided to ignore him, she quickly turned towards Anna, she couldn't say anything, but just from her expressions, it was clear what she was trying to ask.
But then,
*Tak*
Seraphina heard a voice coming from behind.
She quickly turned around and noticed Vaan had closed the door and locked it from inside. Then, he glanced at her with a scary smile on her face.
Seraphina's instincts kicked in. They were warning her that something bad was about to happen, screaming that she should do something about this situation, however, there was nothing Seraphina could do.
She was locked in the room with Vaan.
*Gulp*
Seraphina unconsciously gulped; her face was drenched in sweat.
Vaan, on the other hand, was enjoying this situation.
"You still didn't answer my question, Seraphina.
Do you recall since when did things start getting worse for you?"
"Y-Young Master Vaan, I don't think locking the room like this is appropriate." Seraphina stuttered.
She knew she was panicking, however, at the moment, she just couldn't calm her beating heart. She felt like the door that was closed shut was her way out, and she wanted it to be opened as soon as possible.
Vaan, however, completely ignored her words and continued,
"Just think about it.
Was it when you asked me to get that Book that stabilizes a Mage's Magic Circles?
Or was it when your maid offended me and you were forced to fire her?"
Seraphina was in no state to answer Vaan's question, Vaan's next word, however, managed to get a reaction out of her,
"Or was it when you spread those rumors about me sexually assaulting you?"
"I have already cleared it before, and I still stand by what I said. I did not spread those rumors, Young Master Vaan."
"But all the investigations point at a single culprit, Seraphina.
And that culprit is you.
All the sources of those rumors, when tracked down, it end up being one of your contacts.
It can be a coincidence one time, but every single time?
You are not treating me like a fool, are you?"
Vaan smiled.
"…"
Seraphina turned silent.
Vaan wasn't wrong.
Actually, she had investigated those rumors as well, and all those rumors do in fact point at her contacts, honestly, even if it was her in Vaan's stead, she would point her fingers at herself. However, Seraphina was innocent.
She hadn't spread those rumors.
 She had no reason to.
What could she possibly achieve by spreading rumors like these!?
Intimidate Vaan?
How could some random mages standing up and wanting to challenge Young Master Vaan possibly intimidate him?
Even if Young Master Vaan hadn't acted against those Mages as he did, there was nothing they could have done other than blabber around.
There was no reason for Vaan to get intimidated by those mages with no substantial background.
If it was the previous Vaan, then maybe, however, Seraphina knew that Vaan had changed. She wouldn't have taken such a foolish action even if she was under the effects of drugs.
Not to mention such rumors degraded her 'value'. It would only make things difficult for her.
Seraphina knew the truth, someone had used her networks to spread these rumors to make it look like she was the one who spread it. Of course, the act itself isn't that difficult, her connections weren't loyal to her, they were just a way for her to do things.
However, knowing all the connections she normally uses and spreading the rumors using them, this was done by someone thorough, someone who had the power to track down her contacts, someone extremely influen-
Suddenly, Seraphina's expression changed.
"Actually, I do believe you.
I know you are not the one who spread those rumors." Vaan smiled.
"Y-You…"
"Now now, don't look at me with such disbelief. I trust you, Seraphina. I know with full certainty that you weren't the one behind this.
After all,
It was me."
"!!!"
Seraphina's widened her eyes in shock.
"W-Why did you do it!? It clearly affected your reputation! That is the last thing you want right now, don't you?" Seraphina couldn't understand.
"Is that really something you should be asking right now?" Vaan, however, wasn't planning on just ending it.
The game had just started.
"Shouldn't you be asking how I used all your connections without you getting to know about it? I didn't use the help of my Family, you know?"
"What do you me-" Seraphina wanted to say something, but then, she froze.
She thought of another possibility.
"Lily…"
Her maid who had mysteriously disappeared.
Seraphina finally realized where her maid was.
She was betrayed.
"This is why I like you, Seraphina.
I never have to explain all the things, you just get it.
Though it is usually too late."
Vaan chuckled.
"Why are you doing this?" Seraphina stared into Vaan's eyes and questioned with an expressionless look on her face.
For some reason, knowing that she was cornered, rather than panicking even more, her heart had calmed down.
It was as if she had given up.
However, Vaan had just started.
Seraphina had no idea how badly she had been trapped.
"Do you even need to ask? I told you, didn't I? You tried to use me and cheat me out of my money, I am just playing my turn now.
You had your turn, now don't cry if my blows are stronger.
Anyways, where did you hide it?"
Suddenly, Vaan questioned as he looked around the room.
"What are you talking about?" Seraphina narrowed her eyes.
This time, she made sure to keep a straight face. This was something Vaan should not find out about no matter what. She could not make a mistake here.
But again, no matter how much she tried it, the result of the game that had already ended couldn't be changed.
"Don't play the fool, Seraphina.
How long do you think I planned for this?
Do you even realize how much of a hassle it was to put the idea of using Dreamweave in your head through Asher?
You were quite against it at the start, I had to push to the corner before you finally gave in to Asher's words.
But oh well, it finally worked so I guess it's all good?"
"A-Asher…?" Seraphina's expression changed again.
The decision she made about keeping her face straight, trying not to give any emotional edge to Vaan any further that she already had, was completely ruined.
"What? You thought he was on your side?"
"But he…" Before Seraphina could even retort, she recalled every conversation she had with Asher and thinking about it from another angle, she realized.
Seraphina closed her eyes and clenched her fists, her closed eyes showing her helplessness while her clenched fists showing her frustration.
"Anyways, tell me where you hid the Dreamweave." Vaan, obviously, didn't care about her and just questioned.
"I have no clue what you are talking about…" Seraphina replied without opening her eyes. Even when she was about to break on, she still held on.
But then,
"As you command, Young Master Vaan."
Anna's voice was heard.
"!!!"
Seraphina widened her eyes as she quickly turned towards her trusted maid, Anna, however, had already turned around and was walking towards the place she had told her about.
It was the place where the Dreamweave was hidden.
Vaan followed Anna.
"What are you doing!?" Seraphina screamed in rage as she rushed towards Anna, intending to stop her, however, Vaan suddenly grabbed her hand.
"You were the one who gave me the consent of searching your room. I would prefer it if you do not stop the people working for me from doing what they should be doing."
Seraphina turned towards Vaan, and with her eyes red in rage, she shouted,
"Stop your bullshit and release me right now!"
Vaan narrowed his eyes,
"And I should listen to you, why?"
Seraphina stopped talking, she just circulated her Mana and tried to create her Magic Circle, but,
*Slap*
Vaan slapped Seraphina. The sound of the slap was so loud and it resounded in the entire room. Seraphina's body froze, she could feel her cheek burning.
"Don't force me to use violence, Seraphina Stormweaver.
I may be a peace-loving, reasonable, and calm man,
But this doesn't mean I am not capable of violence."
Vaan commented with a cold look on his face.
"Young Master Vaan, it is here."
Anna spoke up.
Vaan walked towards her, leaving Seraphina behind.
This time, Seraphina didn't move.
Even Anna had betrayed her, it was over. She finally understood why Vaan was so confident. She never had the chance to get out of his trap.
"Oh ho ho~ What is this Seraphina?
Why is Dreamweave found in your room?
What would happen if I report this to the Vesta Family?"
Vaan's laugh was heard.
"…"
Seraphina, whose face was covered by her long hair didn't react.
Vaan narrowed his eyes, trying to think what this woman was trying to pull now,
"It is my loss. Everything that had happened, from using Young Master Vaan, to trying to use Dreamweave, I was the one who did it independently. The Stormweaver Family had nothing to do with it. They didn't even know what I was planning.
I am willing to accept whatever punishment I deserve according to the Vesta Family rules, even if it is death.
I surrender."
Seraphina had already given up.



Chapter 108 Who said your family members are innocent
"I surrender."
Seraphina spoke as she lowered her head in defeat.
She had already given up.
It was over, Dreamweave was found in her room, Anna could simply attest to everything she had done, heck, she could even claim things she hadn't done, and with Lily's words used as proof and Vaan's influence, she could be framed with anything and there would be nothing she could do get out of it.
There was no point in going against Vaan, her death was imminent and Seraphina had already resigned to her fate.
She did everything she could have done and actually did manage to raise the status of her family single-handedly, now, however, it was time that someone else took over her goal.
She may not be able to see it herself, however, Seraphina knew that one day, her Family would be able to come out on top and she was glad that she was the one who got to set the stage for it.
Suddenly,
"Who said the Stormweaver Family had nothing to do with it? You are the part of the Stormweaver Family, aren't you?"
Vaan questioned and Seraphina, who had given up on everything and looked like she was half dead, reacted again.
"W-What do you mean?"
"Dreamweave was found in the room of a Stormweaver Family member, not in the room of Seraphina Stormweaver.
The entire Stormweaver Family would be implicated here."
Vaan spoke.
Seraphina, however, shook her head. She had prepared everything from the start, and when she did, she had considered the case where she failed and got caught as well.
She had done her fair share of study before taking such a risk, she would never do something that would put her family in trouble, her family was the reason she did whatever she did, how could she be the one who ends up destroying it?
"In accordance with the established guidelines of the Vesta Family, it is explicitly stipulated that any transgression committed by an individual shall not bear any implications for their respective Family members, provided that said Family members are not directly implicated in the aforementioned transgression, or in cases where the individual in question holds or has held, the position of Family head for a duration exceeding five years.
None of my Family members possess any knowledge pertaining to my actions, and obviously, I do not hold or have ever held the position of Family head.
So in strict accordance with these regulations, Young Master Vaan cannot take any actions against my family on the basis of my wrongdoings since they are all innocent."
Seraphina spoke as she looked at Vaan with a brave look on her face. She may have given up on herself, but her family, she would make sure nothing happened to it as long as she was alive.
"Who said your family members are innocent?" Vaan furrowed his brows in confusion.
"What are you talking abo-" Seraphina frowned in confusion, but then,
"Anna, what did you say to Anderson Stormweaver?"
Vaan questioned as he turned towards Anna.
Before Seraphina could make sense out of the situation, Anna bowed her head and answered,
"I reported how she wanted to buy Dreamweave to 'control' Young Master Vaan. Lord Anderson had full knowledge about her actions."
"See that? Your Father, Anderson Stormweaver knew about your actions and didn't do anything to stop you, that makes him an accomplice in your crime who will be receiving the same punishment as you.
And from the rule you just mentioned, since Anderson Stormweaver has been the head of the Stormweaver Family for more than 5 years, the entire Stormweaver Family is implacable for your crime.
Of course, don't even think about trying to hide it either, since you have committed a crime, the Vesta Family has full right to investigate your family members, and even the Mind Mages can be involved since, as you should know since you so well informed, we are extremely strict when the matter is related to the Dreamweave."
Vaan spoke, the evil smile on his face gave away his glee.
Now this was the situation he was familiar with, people lowering their heads, racking their brains, trying to figure out a solution to get out of a certain situation before finally realizing that they were utterly helpless and giving in.
Pushing people into hopelessness, Vaan had done it countless times, this was one of the many similar situations, but this time, Vaan truly felt happy.
Crushing people who thought they were better than everyone around him just felt that good, especially people who looked down on him and tried to fool him.
"This is not possible."
Suddenly, Seraphina spoke up.
 She glanced at Vaan and,
"You are lying, if Father knew about what I was doing, his first thought would have been stopping me. My father is cautious by nature, he would have never allowed me to make a bold move such as this."
"Well, what if he was told that you have already made your move and that him taking action would increase the chances of you being caught?"
Vaan questioned and this time, Seraphina turned silent.
Anna was the one who reported everything to Anderson, logically speaking, she could have said practically anything, and manipulating her father using her name wasn't that difficult either, especially when the one trying to manipulate him was Seraphina's trusted maid.
"Of course, if you still do not believe my words, you can always have the Vesta Mages investigate everything on their own, but know this.
Once the Vesta Mages are involved, the Stormweaver Family is finished.
Everything you have worked for, everything you, your father, and the previous generations of your family have built,
It will all be destroyed."
"…"
Seraphina turned silent. Vaan's words echoed through her head. She failed and she failed horribly. Vaan's single call could destroy everything, he was holding her and her family's life in the palm of his hands.
*Thud*
In the end, Seraphina knelt down.
With her eyes moist, she glanced at Vaan, then, she placed her head on the ground.
"Please…
Let my Family go."
She requested.
"And what would I get from that?" Vaan questioned.
"You can take my life, whatever I have done to you, you can take your revenge by doing whatever you want to me. I was the one who wronged you, my family had nothing to do with it."
"But your family was the one who benefitted from it, wasn't it?" Vaan questioned, he didn't even bother trying to hide the smile on his face.
"…"
Seraphina turned silent.
Seeing everything she built and worked hard for collapsing right in front of her eyes, she felt like her very heart was being squeezed by some force, her throat felt sour, and tears came out of her eyes as she started regretting her past actions.
She shouldn't have gone after Vaan. The Vesta Family was too strong for someone like her to try and mess with them.
Seraphina felt her world collapsing, her head started thinking about different scenarios, her entire body trembled as she despaired.
Seeing her kneeling on the ground, with her head on the floor, while her body trembled, a satisfied smile appeared on Vaan's face.
"As they say, even the most brightests of minds fail in front of true despair."
He commented.
"…"
Of course, Seraphina was in no state to reply. Heck, she didn't even react to Vaan's words and kept her head down.
"Everything is not yet over, Seraphina."
Suddenly, Vaan spoke up.
But again, Seraphina didn't react. By now, she could tell what kind of man Vaan was. He was a sadist, who took pleasure from other's pain, with a nasty personality like that, he must have planned more things for her. More things to push to an even darker cave of despair than she was already in.
However,
"I would have simply called the Vesta Mages after finding Dreamweave here, that would have been the end of you.
There is a reason why I didn't do it."
"…"
Seeing that she still wasn't reacting, Vaan decided to be direct.
"Serve me, Seraphina."
Seraphina's body twitched and Vaan continued,
"Use that bright mind of yours to help me raise my influence, help me create my own independent connections, help me gather subordinates I can rely on in the future, help me gather resources I can use,
Devote your mind to me.
And in return, use my influence to help your family grow.
You may not have the chance to become the best, but the position of being the Second Best is always available, isn't it?"
This time, Vaan finally got a reaction from Seraphina.
She raised her eyes, her tears hadn't even dried yet, with her eyes opened wide in shock, she glanced at Vaan,
A smile appeared on Vaan's face,
"So? What do you think? What is your answer, Seraphina Stormweaver?"
"I accept." Seraphina didn't even hesitate for a second.
"I swear that if you let me live and let my family go, I will devote myself to you. I will do everything in my power to build you the strongest connections available, I will strengthen your position to a level where even if your siblings are stronger than you,
The Position of the Family Head would still belong to you."
A satisfied smile appeared on Vaan's face.
Then, he took out a paper, passing it to Seraphina, he ordered.
"Sign this."
"W-What is this?"
"Something that ensures what you just said and prevents you from going back on your words and betraying me later."
Vaan had come prepared as well.



Chapter 109 Contract
"Sign this."
"W-What is this?"
"Something that ensures what you just said and prevents you from going back on your words and betraying me later."
Vaan spoke with a smile on his face.
Seraphina frowned, she took the paper from Vaan's hand and the more she read it, the more her expression changed.
It was an official contract.
DEBT REPAYMENT AGREEMENT
This Debt Repayment Agreement (hereinafter referred to as the "Agreement") is entered into on this 23 Syltember 5039 by and between:
Party 1:
Vaan Astra Vesta
(Hereinafter referred to as the "Creditor")
Party 2:
Anderson Stormweaver
(Hereinafter referred to as the "Head of the Stormweaver Family")
Party 3:
Seraphina Stormweaver
(Hereinafter referred to as the "Debtor")
This document is a Debt Repayment Agreement between Vaan Astra Vesta the "Creditor", Anderson Stormweaver the "Head of the Stormweaver Family", and Seraphina Stormweaver the "Debtor".
The central issue addressed is a debt amounting to 1,000,000 Elemental Stones owed by the Stormweaver Family to Vaan Astra Vesta, in light of their present financial incapacity, the Stormweaver Family is unable to discharge the aforementioned debt. In lieu of immediate repayment, the agreement establishes an alternative arrangement.
Under the terms of the agreement:
1. Seraphina Stormweaver, the daughter of Anderson Stormweaver, shall serve as Vaan Astra Vesta's personal secretary for a fixed duration of 50 years, commencing from the Effective Date of the Agreement.
2. Seraphina Stormweaver is obligated to diligently perform her duties and responsibilities as assigned by Vaan Astra Vesta in her role as personal secretary.
3. An essential component of this arrangement is the requirement for unwavering loyalty from Seraphina Stormweaver towards Vaan Astra Vesta. She is prohibited from engaging in any activities or actions that may undermine Vaan's interests during the 50-year service period.
4. The agreement grants Vaan Astra Vesta the legal right to pursue actions against the entire Stormweaver Family in the event of a breach of the Agreement's terms. This includes breaches of duty, disloyalty, or any actions perceived as detrimental to Vaan Astra Vesta's interests.
5. This Agreement contains the entire understanding of the parties hereto and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter hereof.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Debt Repayment Agreement as of the Effective Date.
Party 1:
Vaan Astra Vesta
Vaan Astra Vesta.
Date: 12 Syltember 5039
Party 2:
________________________
Anderson Stormweaver
Date:
Party 3:
 ________________________ 
Seraphina Stormweaver
Date:
When Seraphina read through the entire contract, her mind blanked out.
A debt of 1,000,000 Elemental Stones!?
What kind of absurd number is that!?
Even if all the interests were piled up at the rate of 10,000%, the debt still wouldn't increase to this point! It was absurd! Vaan simply put any random number that came to his mind without any thoughts about it at all.
Even if they save every penny they make and pile their wealth for centuries, they still wouldn't be able to gather that many elemental stones.
Heck, Seraphina doubted if even the Vesta Family made the pure profit of 1,000,000 Elemental Stones every year!
"H-How do I owe you 1,000,000 Elemental Stones…?"
In the end, Seraphina couldn't hold back and decided to question Vaan.
"You do not."
Vaan replied honestly.
"W-What…?"
Seraphina's expression changed.
A big smile then appeared on Vaan's face and,
"I was told that I cannot legally ask you to serve me for 50 years without giving you the chance to repay your debt, so I put in that number to ensure that you never get out of the debt and can only 'repay your debt' through serving me.
Of course, you can always not sign the contract if you disagree with anything here, but…
Be ready to face the consequences of doing that.
I still have the option to call the Vesta Mages, you know?"
Vaan's smile turned demonic.
Seraphina's body trembled.
Just as she expected, this was no different than a Slave Contract. Not just the absurd debt, but everything else inside this contract made it clear as well.
She was expected to 'diligently perform her duties and responsibilities as assigned by Vaan Astra Vesta in her role as personal secretary', what duties and responsibilities? What was expected of her? A good contract should have all those things mentioned in it.
This contract, however, just skipped all that information.
Legally, Vaan could come up with whatever reason he wanted, saying how she 'breached her duty', a duty she wouldn't even know existed, and then under clause 4, Vaan would have the power to take legal action against not only her but her entire Family.
It was an absurdly unfair contract, however, Seraphina had no choice but to sign it. With trembling hands, Seraphina grabbed the pen. She was going to be turned into a Slave, legally.
Her eyes then fell on the date Vaan had signed the contract,
12 Syltember 5039.
To think this man prepared this contract 11 days ago…
Seraphina couldn't help but smile wryly.
This was another indication of how she was utterly defeated and had no chance of 'winning', at all.
In the end, Seraphina just stopped thinking about it and signed the contract before passing it to Vaan.
"Mention the date too, you idiot."
"…"
Seraphina turned silent.
She mentioned the date, Vaan grabbed the contract, then nodding with a satisfied smile on his face, he glanced at Seraphina and,
"Alright, stand up, let's go to your father and make this contract official.
His signatures are required as well."
Seraphina didn't say anything and just stood up. The two of them walked towards Anderson's room.
…
"What in the hell is this!?"
Obviously, the moment Anderson saw the contract, he screamed in rage as he threw the contract away.
This was the first time Anderson Stormweaver had shown such a strong reaction and how could he not? Signing this contract was no different than giving his daughter's freedom away and putting the entire Stormweaver Family at risk.
There was no way he would sign this contract.
Vaan expected this reaction, to add insult to Anderson's injury, he turned towards Seraphina, signaling her to pick up the contract her father had thrown.
Seraphina stared at Vaan for a while, then, she momentarily glanced at her father, then, she avoided his eyes and picked the contract.
Anderson's expression changed.
Seeing his daughter acting like this, he realized that something wasn't right. Then, he thought of another possibility and his eyes widened in horror.
"Is your head finally working now?" Vaan questioned.
"I must say, you are quite daring for someone who could be executed at any moment."
Anderson stared at her daughter. Seraphina stood there, with her head low. Standing like this in front of her father was extremely humiliating for her. The feeling of helplessness she felt…
It was overpowering.
"Oi, I don't have all day.
Sign the contract or let me call the Vesta Mages.
You decide."
"Is Young Master aware that his actions could be seen as threatening?"
Suddenly, Anderson spoke up.
Vaan frowned and Anderson continued.
"In accordance with the regulations of the Vesta Family, contracts entered into under duress or coercion may be subject to nullification.
Not to mention that once revealed, the party responsible for the coercion will also face consequences.
Does Young Master Vaan really wish to foll-"
"Is it just you father and daughter pair, or is the entire Stormweaver Family just this dumb? Or do you feel like everyone other than you is a fool?"
"…"
"…"
Seraphina and Anderson turned silent. Vaan glanced at Anderson and,
"Do you even realize your situation? Dreamweave was found in your daughter's room, if it is revealed, it is over for the entire Stormweaver Family.
Sure, the contract will be voided if it is revealed that I threatened you to sign, but what then? How were you threatened? How did a 2nd Circle Mage manage to threaten a Magic Family Head?
How would you answer that?
Would you say I used my Family's influence to do so?
That would be no different than saying that you didn't trust the Vesta Family's justice and signed the contract thinking the Vesta Family would come for you if you didn't. If that was the case, the entire situation would become absurd since in the end, you are still asking for Vesta Family's help to void the contract.
Everything would be investigated.
What do you think would be worse?
Me threatening you, or your family dealing with Dreamweave?"
Vaan questioned.
"…" Anderson turned silent.
It was just as his daughter had said, Vaan had changed. If it was before, Vaan would have never been able to catch the flaw in his words and would have been intimidated by thinking about the 'consequences' of threatening others.
'He wouldn't have pushed us this far if he was still the fool he was before…'
Anderson sighed inwardly.
"Old man, this is the last time I am saying this if you don't sign the contract within the next 10 seconds,
I will report everything to my family, and the first one to be executed would be your daughter."
The contract was then signed and was officially effective.
Seraphina Stormweaver had become Vaan Astra Vesta's sla- personnel secretory.



Chapter 110 The Dreamweave is inside
Anderson clenched his fists in frustration as he glared at Vaan. His eyes were full of rage, however, there was a hint of helplessness in those eyes as well. It didn't matter how angry he was, it didn't matter if he was an Intermediate Mage and it didn't matter if he was the Head of a Magic Family, in front of this 21-year-old boy, he was helpless.
He had no option but to sacrifice his daughter for the sake of his family and even then, his Family still wasn't free from this man's clutches.
"Good job."
Vaan nodded in satisfaction as he got the signed contract.
Then, he turned towards Seraphina and, "Follow me,"
"W-Where are you taking her?"
Before Vaan and Seraphina could leave, Anderson couldn't help but question.
"I didn't know I had to report my actions to you. Since when did you become the Head of the Vesta Family?"
"…" Anderson turned silent and lowered his head, his body trembling.
Seeing him like that, Vaan decided to stop bullying these people. As fun as it was, Seraphina was now one of his subordinates. Even though he holds her on edge since the fate of her family is in his hands.
Her working for him because she was threatened to and her working for him because she wants to get in his good books were two different things.
Vaan had ensured that Seraphina wouldn't betray him anymore, now what he wanted was her to be loyal to him.
Vaan needed to instill this feeling into her mind that her working for him was actually a good thing. He needed to make her think that serving him was the only way she could achieve her goals, and the more satisfied he was, the better benefits she would receive.
He had no need to antagonize Seraphina any further than he already had, now that he had shown her what he was capable of, it was time to win her over.
And the first step to that would be to control the urge to bully her and her father, even though it was fun.
"I have things to do that require her help."
Vaan spoke up, answering Anderson's question.
"You can follow us if you want. I don't mind."
"Huh…?"
Anderson was taken aback, however, before thinking too much, he quickly jumped at the opportunity and nodded,
"Then I will be doing that."
Vaan nodded, then, he turned around, leaving the room. The Father and Daughter followed.
Soon, Vaan appeared at the entrance of the Stormweaver House, the guards who were guarding could be seen trembling.
None of them had a good history with Vaan.
And seeing him standing right in front of them with that overpowering pressure, not to mention how both the Family Head and his daughter were standing behind him with their heads low, made Vaan even more intimidating than he already was.
"Come out," Vaan ordered with a solemn look on his face. Both Seraphina and Anderson frowned, soon, however, their eyes widened in absolute horror as two men and one woman appeared in front of him.
"Young Master Vaan." The woman who was standing in the middle greeted Vaan.
Her tone was respectful, however, she did not bow her head, she did not need to.
She was Eliza Vesta, an Advance Mage who had nothing at the beginning, but just her Magic Talent pushed her to the heights rarely anyone could reach, and later settled in the Vesta Family with Vesta as her last name.
Eliza only answered to Astra, anyone other than the Family Head, even if it was Draven or Risia, Eliza was allowed to treat them as an equal.
Seeing three beings appearing out of thin air, Seraphina, Anderson and the Stormweaver Family guards widened their eyes in horror.
This Spell could only used by the Vesta Family Mages, many strong magic families, even the Families from outside the Vesta City had tried to copy this spell and create their own version of it, however, none of them succeeded.
Mages using this spell was a sign that they were one of the Vesta Family's Core Mages, a force that even the Vesta Family does not take lightly.
The fact that mages of their caliber appeared here in response to Vaan's call shows just how much Astra Elysia Vesta values her son.
This was a clear act of favoritism!
 Vaan shouldn't be allowed to have mages like them at his beck and call!
Of course, Vaan didn't care about what Seraphina and Anderson were thinking, he just glanced at Eliza and,
"The Dreamweave is inside."
"!!!"
Seraphina's eyes widened in horror.
She couldn't understand. She surrendered, didn't she? She did exactly what Vaan ordered her to do, then why was he reporting her to the Vesta Family Mages!?
Seraphina panicked, Anderson wasn't in any better position either. Rather, because of his meek personality, he was even more terrified than his daughter.
But then,
"I instructed Seraphina Stormweaver to work undercover and gain a comprehensive understanding of the entire organization that sells the Dreamweave Drug. You can ask her any questions you have regarding this matter, and she will provide you with answers. This approach will enable you to penetrate the core of the organization and capture all its members without any unnecessary delays."
Vaan spoke up as he glanced at Seraphina,
"Right, Seraphina? You can answer Lady Eliza's questions, correct?"
"H-Huh? O-Of course, I h-have noted almost everything there is related to them, those people call themselves Phantom World, the leaders aren't exactly strong, however, they are cunning. Their biggest weapon is Dreamweave, however, knowing full well about the Vesta Family's strict rules against the use of Dreamweave, they do not sell the Dreamweave openly.
Their main targets are children from the noble Magic Families, they aim to raise their influence by having these noble children addicted to the drug and when those children rise to power, Phantom World wishes to use their influence to gain strength and base in the Vesta City. Targeting common people and weak noble families, slowly raising their influence even further before taking over the entire Vesta City.
Their base is in the extreme Southwest of Vesta City and is around 2,500 km away from here, they also have some temporary bases around here that are more accessible, however, if we wish to take down Phantom World, we need to start with their Main Base.
I do not know all the details, however, I do know that those people have created quite a strong information network, so the moment the information about one of their bases being discovered by the Vesta Family is known to them, they would all disappear without a trace.
If Lady Eliza wishes, I could take you to their main base, I have been there once, so I know exactly where it is."
Seraphina replied, quickly taking over the chance Vaan gave her.
Seeing that, Vaan nodded in satisfaction, this was the reason he didn't want to kill this woman, Seraphina was a capable individual, and killing her just like that would be a pity. She does have some flaws, but, who doesn't?
Not to mention Seraphina had a lot of room to grow even further, now Vaan may not be a great leader, but he did have an eye for useful people.
"What do you say, Lady Eliza? She would be quite useful in this operation, wouldn't she?" Vaan spoke as he glanced at Eliza.
Eliza glanced at him and then, she replied,
"I trust action, Young Master Vaan, not empty words." Her tone was cold.
Vaan narrowed his eyes.
He had this feeling before, however, Eliza didn't seem to like him.
Eliza, however, didn't care about what he was thinking and continued,
"And I feel like I could reach their base much more quickly than getting her help. If we follow what she suggests, we might give some of them a chance to run away, which would later prove to be problematic, I would prefer if we could deal with all this in one fell swoop."
If it was anyone other than Eliza, Vaan would have retorted with, 'If you were so great, this Organization wouldn't have made it as far as they had.'
However, in front of this woman,
He couldn't do it. She was his mother's trusted subordinate after all, even though she didn't seem to like him, Vaan couldn't be rude to her.
Not to mention this woman could actually do what she said. She could simply travel from one base to the other, capturing everyone there, reading their memories to find out how they exchange information, seal that information network, and within one day, using the Teleportation Portal that connects all the Major parts of the City with each other, she could get to the Head of the Phantom World within a day.
The Vesta Mages were that capable.
Honestly, the only reason this organization made it this far was because they were fools.
They were foolish enough to dare try something like this inside the Vesta City, the Vesta Guards may have been unable to catch them, but the reason behind it wasn't because they were useless or that the organization was too cunning,
It was because the Vesta guards were careless.
And it wasn't their fault either, who in their right mind would think that some fools would try to sell Dreamweave in the Vesta City?
It was no different than suicide.
Yes, the 'Phantom World' organization was simply lucky.
Their luck, however, had now run out.
"Lady Eliza is obviously much more experienced than us in matters like these, and I'm fully aware that she's fully capable of handling everything on her own, and likely much more effectively. However, if I may, I'd like to be a bit selfish and request to come with you. I see this as a great opportunity to learn from someone as knowledgeable as Lady Eliza, and I wouldn't want to miss it."
Seraphina bowed her head as she requested.



Chapter 111 The Simp General is awake
"Lady Eliza is obviously much more experienced than us in matters like these, and I'm fully aware that she's fully capable of handling everything on her own, and likely much more effectively. However, if I may, I'd like to be a bit selfish and request to come with you. I see this as a great opportunity to learn from someone as knowledgeable as Lady Eliza, and I wouldn't want to miss it."
Seraphina bowed her head as she requested respectfully.
Eliza stared at the girl standing in front of her for a while, then,
"Do you know where all their branches are?"
She questioned.
"I know a few, but not all. I can figure it out within 4 days if you give me a chance." Seraphina replied.
"That is not needed.
You will be coming with me, take us to there main base first, then from there, we will be visiting all their bases one by one."
"Yes, I understand. I will be ready to leave whenever you want me to." Seraphina bowed her head again.
"What do you mean?
We are leaving right now." She clarified.
"I will give you 15 minutes, prepare whatever you need, you will be staying with me for the next 2 days." Saying those words, Eliza and the two mages following her moved away.
"I am grateful for your consideration, Lady Eliza."
Seraphina nodded, then, she turned toward her Father and requested for his help. Anderson understood what his daughter wanted, he quickly bowed his head as he excused himself.
Seraphina, on the other hand, walked towards Vaan and,
"I will try to win her favor and direct her into Young Master Vaan's faction, though I doubt it would work since she is not easy to deal with." She whispered.
"Oh? You are already getting on to the work?" Vaan questioned as he raised his eyebrow in curiosity.
"Was calling the Core Vesta Mages here not your way to intimidate me and show me how much power you hold? I understand that, and as I said, I will devote myself to working for you. I am doing just that."
Seraphina replied.
Vaan tilted his head.
Well, he wasn't really trying to intimidate her by calling them here, heck, he doesn't even have the power to 'call' mages like them here. Those mages were working on his mother's order.
As he requested, Astra gave him some time before she acted on the Dreamweave case, and now that Vaan had achieved what he wanted,
Astra didn't wish to wait for even a second longer and catch all the culprits.
This was the reason why someone like Eliza was sent here. The time she had lost because of her son's request, Astra was planning to make up for it by sending the best mage under her command.
Anyways, Vaan didn't try to clear Seraphina's misunderstanding. He knew it wouldn't work anyway, the process of actually getting Seraphina on his side without intimidation, it would take a while and he knew it.
"That is just what I wanted." Vaan nodded with a big smile on his face.
"Anyways, report to me once you return, there are still a lot of things I need you to do.
After all, you still need to prove your worth.
You need to prove that excusing 1,000,000 Elemental Stones in exchange of getting you to serve me for 50 years was worth it."
"…" Seraphina stared at Vaan for a while, nobody knew what she was thinking.
Soon, Anderson returned, in his hand was a small bag that he had servants prepare for her daughter. Of course, since she was going with Eliza Vesta, Anderson made sure to keep the bag as small and light as possible.
"Thank you, Father." Seraphina expressed her gratitude.
"Take care of yourself." Anderson nodded.
"Are you done with your preparations?" Eliza questioned.
"Yes, I am ready." Seraphina spoke as she turned towards Eliza.
 "Then let's go." 
Eliza waved her hand, Black Smoke covered Seraphina's body, then, with Eliza and the two other mages, Seraphina disappeared as well.
"Well, since I am done here, I will return as well." Vaan rubbed the back of his neck as he walked towards his carriage, completely ignoring Anderson's presence. Of course, the Family Head couldn't do anything other than just wait till Vaan's carriage left, but then,
Vaan took his head out of the carriage window as he glanced at Anderson and,
"I forgot to mention, that maid, Anna, be sure she is treated well. I know it won't look like that to you that way, but, that woman saved your family. Treat her like you would normally do, because if I hear her complain, I will take action,"
"…"
Anderson clenched his fists as he glared at Vaan, then, his body just loosened up and,
"I understand, Young Master Vaan." He spoke.
Vaan nodded, sitting back inside the carriage, the carriage finally left and Anderson returned to his mansion with a face that seemed like it had aged by 20 years.
…
Vaan returned to his Mansion, then, just as he was about to walk into his room, he heard a voice.
"Did it go like how you predicted?"
"Mother." Vaan smiled as he turned around and greeted his mother. Astra smiled.
Vaan then opened the doors of his room and,
"Please come in, Mother."
Astra nodded, walking into Vaan's room.
"So? How did it go?" she questioned again as she sat on the bed.
Vaan sat next to her before placing his head on her lap and, "It went well of course, how could your son fail?"
Astra smiled as she started ruffling her son's hair, "Are you sure about this? That woman is quite cunning you know?"
"She maybe cunning, but she has one big weakness."
"Oh? What is that?"
"Her mother is not the strongest mage in the world."
Vaan replied with a big smile on his face.
"Guess you have an advantage in that matter, huh." Astra smiled.
"Of course, I may say I am doing all this independently, but in the end, having Astra Vesta in the end of my name already makes me different from the rest of the people.
No matter how cunning Seraphina is, without a proper force to support her, she could only play childish games with some foolish 20-year-old boys at best.
If she wishes to step into the actual world, the only way for her to do that is to find a force that could support her, a strong thigh she could hug, without that, those geezers with actual power won't even look at her no matter how 'heavenly beautiful' she is.
And only by serving and being loyal to me could she get a thigh she could hug and actually help her family and herself."
"What if she tries to find another thigh to hug using the connections, she would be open to through you? She is a competent woman, and once she proves her competence to others, there will be people eyeing her, what if she tries to use those people to stand on her own in the future?
I doubt 1,000,000 Elemental Stones of debt would stop the actual strong forces from acting up." Astra questioned as she glanced at her child with a curious look on her face.
"Mother, she is competent but that doesn't mean she is better than me. No force in their right mind would offend the future Head of the Vesta Family for a woman with a slightly bigger head than others."
"Future Head of the Family huh? You sure sound confident."
"Again, I have Astra in my name, your son's destiny was predetermined."
"You're working on your flattery skills quite a lot." Astra commented.
"I only say the truth." Vaan simply made himself comfortable on his mother's lap and closed his eyes.
"Also, I won't be opening up the entire world for Seraphina yet, first, I would use her to the point where I get back everything she owed me, I would work her to the bone for the first few years, and only then would I actually give her the stage to make some actual connections.
If after that, she still manages to impress someone to the point they are willing to pay 1,000,000 Elemental Stones for her 'release', then I won't really mind that extra cash."
"1,000,000 Elemental Stone is not a small amount, yes.
Especially when it is coming out of a random number you came up with."
Astra nodded.
Vaan smiled.
Then, as if she remembered something, Astra spoke up,
"I actually came here for something else."
"Hmm? What is it?" Vaan questioned as he opened his eyes.
"Roland woke up." Astra informed.
"The Simp General is awake?"
"I don't know what that word means, but yes, he is awake.
What do you want to do?"
Astra questioned, looking at Vaan with a curious look on her face.
Vaan thought about it for a while, then, he just closed his eyes again,
"Meh, it is not as fun anymore."
"Hmm?"
"Who would want to fight a druggie? I'll kill him when I get the chance later. For now, I want to stay like this.
I also have a training session with Elara later as well."
"Oh, your date?"
"Training Session."
"Yes, of course, 'training session'."



Chapter 112 Elara
"Haaah!"
Elara shouted as she rushed towards Vaan and attacked him with her wooden sword. Vaan sidestepped, dodging her attack, and as if she already expected that, Elara quickly turned around and this time, she aimed at Vaan's legs, playing dirty.
Yes, Elara was playing dirty.
And that was just the result of training with Vaan for 3 days.
Of course, Vaan didn't really 'corrupt' her or anything like that, Elara was too pure for that, Vaan's plan, however, did work. What he said about betting with his mother and how much he would lose if Elara lost the tournament, that lie of his work.
Not wanting Vaan to lose such a big amount because of her, Elara decided to work as hard as she could in order to win the competition. This was why she was taking Vaan's training so seriously. Elara knew her problem as well.
Elara knew she was an above-average mage, and just like her teacher said, she had the capability to defeat others, however, her timid personality always held her back. She did try to work on her personality in the past, however, everything she did failed. Therefore, this time, she decided to put her trust in Vaan.
She did everything Vaan told her to do, whether it was attacking fairly or under the belt, she continued to swing her sword, improving each day.
Of course, the fact that back in her mind, she knew that Vaan would block her attack was a type of assurance as well. This was what gave Elara the freedom to give her best and since the same would not happen in the tournament, the problem has not really been solved yet.
However, the two of them were still working on it.
Vaan jumped back, dodging Elara's attack.
A small smile appeared on his face, "That was a good one, you almost got me."
"You are lying."
Elara pouted.
"Hahaha~ I am."
Vaan laughed out loud. He then placed his hands behind his back and,
"Focus on your stance and your breathing. Don't overthink your strikes. Just let them flow naturally, your body is too stiff, relax it."
Elara nodded, trying to steady her breath.
She took a deep breath, lowered her center of gravity, and lunged at Vaan with a swift strike. Vaan dodged her attack again.
Elara however, lunged at him again, this time with a series of quick slashes. However, no matter how fast she moved, the difference between the two of them couldn't be more apparent. How could Elara possibly stand against a man with 10 years of experience with a completely untrained body?
Elara however, still pressed on, attacking from different angles and trying to anticipate Vaan's movements.
Vaan continued to dodge effortlessly, occasionally offering gentle guidance. "Elara, don't telegraph your moves. Keep your attacks fluid and unpredictable."
Elara listened intently, trying to apply his advice. She took a step back and then lunged forward with a spinning strike, hoping to catch Vaan off guard. The results, however, were still the same.
It wasn't something that could be done in a day or two, Martial Arts required time and effort, and honestly, Vaan's goal here was not to teach Elara Martial Arts,
He just wants her to be comfortable enough to punch her opponents.
As they say, if she can punch em, she can kick em, and if she can kick em, then she can kill em.
Those were the words Vaan followed, where did he hear them from?
Nowhere, he came up with them on his own.
However, since they rhymed well, Vaan knew those words were true.
The rhyme logic couldn't be flawed.
Anyways, Vaan continued to spar with Elara, seeing that her determination and confidence were growing with each passing moment, he nodded his head with a satisfied look on his face. Then, he decided to challenge her a bit more.
He shifted his stance slightly, and this time, when Elara attacked, he blocked her strike with his sword and disarmed her, sending her sword flying.
Elara stood there, momentarily stunned. Her wooden sword lay at a distance, and she looked at Vaan with a mix of surprise and admiration.
"What? Does your fiancé look especially handsome today?" Vaan questioned with a bright smile on his face.
"That's not it."
 "What? Are you saying I look ugly?" Vaan spoke as his brows arched up and he pouted.
"N-No! That was not what I meant!" Thinking that she was misunderstood, Elara quickly tried to explain herself.
"Don't try to think of an excuse. I will just accept the reality as it is…" Vaan sighed as his shoulders shrunk down.
"I-It is not an excuse! I really didn't mean to say that!"
"So are you saying I do look especially handsome today?" Vaan questioned.
"Y-Yes." To avoid any more misunderstanding, Elara simply nodded. Vaan, however, wasn't planning on letting her go so easily.
"Then prove it."
"H-Huh?" Elara's expression changed.
"Prove it.
You know what to do, don't you?"
Vaan spoke as he moved his face in front of Elara and closed his eyes. Elara's face turned red, she obviously understood that Vaan wanted a kiss.
Elara found it strange, Vaan openly asking for kisses, thinking that he was the same Vaan who avoided her like a plague…
Her heart was filled with uncertainty, but at the same time, seeing Vaan's face so close to her, Elara felt a compulsion. Her body moved on its own, then closing her eyes, Elara quickly kissed Vaan's forehead and as she did, her heart fluttered. With how quickly it started beating, Elara felt like it would burst apart.
Vaan, on the other hand, smiled playfully after getting what he wanted, he glanced at Elara's flustered face and just wanted to hug this woman as tightly as he could.
Of course, he held back, he needed to take this slow.
The previous Vaan had already intimidated Elara, he needed to carefully break her defenses and not recklessly charge in.
"Alright, we should end this training right here," Vaan spoke up.
Elara nodded. Vaan then extended his hand, wanting Elara to hold it, she did what Vaan wanted as the two of them then left the room.
"Young Master Vaan."
Outside the room, Gabel bowed his head as he extended a towel toward Vaan to wipe his sweat. Vaan, on the other hand, glanced at Elara with a 'you know what to do,' look on his face.
Elara continued to stare at Vaan, clearly, she didn't wish to do what Vaan wanted, however, Vaan didn't back down. In the end, Elara slowly turned towards Gabel and,
"W-Where is my towe-"
"Ahem Ahem."
Vaan coughed.
It was his way of saying he wasn't satisfied. Elara's tone wasn't firm enough.
Elara momentarily closed her eyes and then,
"Where is my towel?" She questioned, this time, her tone sounded heavy. Vaan smiled, showing his satisfaction.
"I apologize if I may sound rude, Lady Elara, but I only serve Young Master Vaan," Gabel replied. His tone sounded respectful, his words, however, were far from one.
Elara didn't mind, she knew Gabel was not wrong either, she understood where he was coming from and what he was trying to say, and normally, she would have nodded in understanding and walked away, right now, however, with how Vaan was continuously staring at her, Elara knew she couldn't do what she would normally do.
She needed to act like a Magic Prodigy, a respected 4th Circle Mage, and… Vaan's fiancé.
Thinking about it, Elara gathered her confidence and,
"You are correct, you are not required to serve me, I understand."
Elara nodded, then, she stared into Gabel's eyes and,
"However, there are certain things, certain actions, that decide how you are treated wherever you work, you are allowed to walk away right now, but only do so if you believe these actions won't come to harm you in the future."
This time, even Vaan was taken aback. He wanted Elara to stand up for herself, that was why he asked Gabel to give her some hard time, however, he never expected her to act like that. At best, he only thought Elara would order him to bring her a towel but to think she would threaten him like that.
'Elara…?'
Was his training that effective…?
Vaan couldn't help but think.
Elara, however, wasn't done yet as she turned towards Vaan and,
"Vaan, let us leave. There are still things I want to ask you."
Vaan couldn't even come up with an answer and Elara was already pulling him away.
'Who is she…?' Vaan wondered as he continued to stare at his fiancé from behind.
"Lady Elara."
Suddenly, Gabel called out.
"Your towel."
He quickly took out the towel he brought for Elara, he was going against Vaan's order by doing this, however, he believed it was the right time to do so since Vaan had already gotten what he wanted.
Elara paused.
"You should have taken it out before."
She spoke as she took the towel, then, she walked away, holding Vaan's hand as tightly as she could, trying to hold back her nervousness and keep her strong front.
Time passed, soon, Vaan returned to the Magic Training Room to train with his father, Elara diligently continued her Magic Practice, just like the last few days, it was a busy day today as well,
Then, Vaan heard a report,
"Lady Seraphina wishes to see you."
"Oh? She is back so soon?"



Chapter 113 Travelling with Eliza is a waste of time
"Young Master Vaan,"
Seraphina bowed her head respectfully.
"You have returned. It is earlier than I expected.
So? Did you learn anything?"
Vaan questioned with a curious look on his face.
Going with someone like Eliza and witnessing how mages at her level operate with your own eyes, honestly, even Vaan was interested in a 'trip' like that. There were so many things he could learn. Now Vaan wasn't one of those nerdy types, but who in their right mind wouldn't be excited about Magic?
Especially when it was something Magic done by high-ranking Mages that could change the state of the battle with just their mere presence alone.
However, when Vaan showed interest in traveling with Eliza, Astra denied it.
'You would just be wasting your time. Whatever you have to learn, learn it here. You already live in the heaven all mages wish to get into.
Traveling with Eliza is a waste of time.'
Honestly, Vaan thought it was a little unfair and too protective of her by not allowing him to explore the outer world. However, seeing Seraphina's face when he asked if she learned anything or not, Vaan realized that that he might have misunderstood his mother.
"What happened? Why are you making that face? Was it not like how you expected it to be?"
Vaan questioned.
Seraphina, however, just smiled wryly, "I should have expected something like this that from the Vesta Mages. It was my fault for miscalculating. I have no one but myself to blame."
Honestly, with the expression she was making, Seraphina looked like she was traumatized.
And the more she acted like this, the more curious Vaan got.
Sensing that curiousness and eagerness to learn about her 'trip', Seraphina didn't let Vaan wait any longer either and started,
"The Phantom World wasn't exactly a strong organization, however, they were quite large, I expected us to prepare a little and understand their structure before we actually took action.
That was what I actually wanted to study,
How does the Vesta Family execute a hunt?
I thought I could learn something valuable, however, what I witnessed was completely outside of my expectations.
We simply barged into their Headquarters with only 4 of us, of course, I was no more than a burden, we only had 3 Mages who could take care of themselves in that situation.
I thought the fight ahead might get a little complicated and I might see Lady Eliza take serious action to avoid certain situations, however…
Using the Teleportation Portals, it took us 5 hours to reach their Main Headquarters, and 5 minutes later,
We were walking towards their second base.
For reference, there were around 500 people in their Main Headquarters,
And around 200 of them were mages."
Seraphina spoke, the smile on her face was so strange that Vaan felt goosebumps all over his body.
"5 minutes was all it took to take down 200 mages?" Vaan blinked.
No matter how strong Advance Mages and their spells were, 200 mages were a lot.
Heck, even crushing 200 ants couldn't be done within 5 minutes and these were complete humans we were talking about.
"No."
Seraphina shook her head.
"5 minutes was all it took to take down 500 men, take out the relevant information needed, seal the Phantom World's 'strong' information system without the rest of the members knowing, and move towards another Branch."
Seraphina clarified.
 "H-How is that even possible?" Vaan stuttered.
He had done many operations where he had to take down enemy gangs in his past life, of course, he wasn't a fool, he never directly fought gangs that had nearly the same strength and backing as them,
When it came to direct takedown, he always targeted weaker gangs, the ones that were already on the verge of being destroyed because of his schemes, the trapped rats who had nowhere else to go.
However, even then, 5 minutes…
That was just too much!
This type of shit took hours!
Sometimes even days if the enemy turns out to be smarter than expected.
But 5 minutes!?
How does that even make sense?
What? Did the enemy just surrender as soon as they walked in? If they were that scared, they shouldn't have started this from the beginning!
Vaan couldn't make sense out of the situation, and seeing him acting like this, Seraphina sighed in relief.
She felt a sense of kinship with Vaan.
However, right now, she had to finish her report,
"We walked in, Lady Eliza revealed that we were from the Vesta Family and all the people there were to be executed, of course, the Phantom World resisted, the 200 hundred mages prepared their spells while the rest of the 300 men rushed towards us with their weapons, trying to overwhelm us with numbers.
But then,
Lady Eliza waved her hand.
And as if time had frozen, all the mages and men coming at us paused.
Their bodies were bound.
Lady Eliza then asked me who the leader was, I pointed at him, Lady Eliza appeared next to him, placed her hand on his hand, and started reading his memories.
She then started reading memories of a few more people, and then,
All 500 men were beheaded, while the people who had their memories read were captured.
That's how it ended.
In 5 minutes, the entire Headquarters was filled with rivers of blood and the same happened to the rest of the branches we visited after them.
In just 6 hours, the 50 branches spread all over the Vesta City were completely massacred.
Rather than a learning experience, it was more of a traumatic experience that I would never forget in my life."
Seraphina explained and this time, Vaan turned completely silent.
That binding Magic, he had seen her mother use that as well. She used it on him when he was trying to resist the Heal magic from those healers just when he came to this world.
At that time, Vaan just thought it was just a random magic, but now…
Vaan had no words…
Destroying the Phantom World in just 6 hours…
And this wasn't even the strongest Mage of the Family acting on her own…
It was only her subordinate.
What would have happened if his mother had acted personally?
Vaan finally realized what his mother was trying to tell him.
'Travelling with Eliza is a waste of time.'
Astra already knew what was going to happen, that was why she sent Eliza, she wanted those pests cleaned up as soon as possible, and this was why she also stopped Vaan from following Eliza.
Not because she was scared of traumatizing her child, but simply because it was not worth it.
It might have been an eventful journey if normal Vesta Mages were sent, they would have planned their attack, efficiently executed their plans, and would have taken their time in interrogating their opponents and learning more about them.
Eliza was just on another level.
There was nothing to learn in front of absolute strength.
Traveling with Eliza Vesta was a waste of time.
"What about the ones who were captured?" Vaan questioned, trying to calm himself down.
"They will be executed tomorrow morning.
Throughout the Vesta City, medical stalls will be set up. Skilled healers and physicians will be mobilized to treat those who have fallen prey to the Dreamweave and are now facing withdrawal symptoms due to all the Dreamweave being burned away by the Vesta Family Mages.
And from what I have heard, the treatment won't be free either, Lady Eliza said they would charge the fools who were caught by Dreamweave and could potentially threaten the Vesta City in the future.
Also, the Noble Families whose members were caught being addicted to Dreamweave will instead be punished for not reporting its distribution.
From how Lady Eliza was acting, it seemed like the punishment wouldn't be anything small either."
Seraphina summarized the entire situation.
Vaan nodded in understanding, he knew his mother's intentions so this wasn't actually a surprise to him.
With him researching a new Circle, many Mages have been eyeing on him for a long time.
Astra was planning to use this incident as a warning. The Vesta Family was in the right here, therefore, they were free to do whatever they wanted. Astra wanted to use this chance to imprint fear into the other families. She wanted them to know that if required, she could take extreme actions and there would be nothing they could do about it.
"Heh."
A smile appeared on Vaan's face as he thought about this.
With his mother standing behind his back, he really didn't have to worry about anything.
"Anyways, this is something Young Master might like."
Suddenly, Seraphina spoke up as she took out a book.
"What is this?" Vaan questioned.
"I noticed Young Master Vaan has been quite interested in gathering Spell Directories, so although I didn't have many chances, I did manage to get around 7 of them in these 2 days.
Though they may not be as great as normal Spell Directories since it doesn't belong to official mages but the rough ones.
It does have a few interesting spells though,
Young Master Vaan might want to study them."



Chapter 114 The Young Vesta Mages Returns
"It does have a few interesting spells though,
Young Master Vaan might want to study them.
I've combined all the Spell Directories into a single, consolidated version for convenience. I've taken care to separate them properly, so it shouldn't be an issue for Young Master. However, if Young Master prefers the original versions of the seven directories, I still have those available as well."
Seraphina spoke as she passed the notebook to Vaan.
"Oh?"
Vaan raised his eyebrow as he took the book and skimmed through it for a while,
"I didn't think you would bring something like this."
Of course, Vaan was impressed.
Right now, what he needed the most were these Spell Directories. His Swordsmanship training with his father was alright, however, in the end, Vaan was still a mage.
Even though he was training with his father, it didn't mean he had stopped practicing Magic, he had already learned all the spells from the directories he got through the little 'challenge' he had arranged.
Now, he needed more.
And Seraphina brought him more.
And she did it so effortlessly that Vaan was taken aback.
Not to mention the format of the Spell Directory was perfect, normally, Mages, if they ever create one, usually mentioned the spells they mostly in their directory. Which, was of course, absolutely useless for Vaan since without knowing the basic building blocks of the mage's Magic Language, understanding his new spells was simply impossible, even for Vaan.
That is the reason Vaan specified a certain pattern of Spell Directory he needed when he announced the challenge, and here, Seraphina had followed that exact pattern.
"Young Master Vaan gave me an opportunity to travel with one of the strongest mages in the world, returning empty-handed felt discourteous, so although nothing I can give you is something you cannot get your hands on yourself, I hope these directories are enough to show my sincerity," Seraphina answered respectfully.
Vaan raised his eyebrow,
"I did not give you this opportunity, it was Lady Eliza you did it."
"I doubt she would have done that if you weren't there." Seraphina's response was instantaneous.
"Alright Alright, let us set some ground rules first,
The way you talk, change it.
It is too respectful.
Talk normally, respect common boundaries, however, do not always keep your head bowed and talk more fluidly.
You will be my secretary in the future, I can't have you talk to me as if you are suppressed or threatened by me,
It ruins my image as a peace-loving and calm man."
"I understand."
Seraphina nodded.
By now, she was already used to Vaan's antics.
There were so many things Vaan said that she wanted to snort and completely dismiss, however, right now, she was in no position to do so.
Not right now, not till she is capable enough to stand on her own and make a new, stronger base.
Until then… she needed to act like she was loyal to this man and win his trust.
While Seraphina was thinking about all this, Vaan continued to observe her as well.
Honestly, Seraphina addressing him this politely and going out of her way to try and impress him, this felt too strange. Vaan didn't trust Seraphina, there was no way this girl would actually submit to him so quickly.
So when Seraphina addressed him so respectfully, Vaan got a feeling that he was being scammed.
A feeling he didn't like at all. That was why he ordered Seraphina to talk normally.
 He was the one who did the scamming. Not the other way around.
That was not how it worked.
The dynamics here needed to be changed.
Thinking about it, a smile appeared on Vaan's face,
"Anyways, you did well by bringing the Spell Directories and combining them into one like this.
So this will be your first task as my secretary,
Gather as many of these Spell Directories as you can.
The Elements, Tier, and Quality of spells don't matter, just gather as many Spell Directories as possible, even the trash.
And of course, I don't want you to use any of the resources while doing that.
If I wanted to buy them, I could have done it myself.
This is like a test for you,
A test to prove your capabilities.
So the more Directories you gather, the better it would be."
Vaan spoke with a smile on his face.
"Can I ask why Young Master Vaan needs so many Spell Directories?"
Seraphina questioned with a curious look on her face.
Vaan narrowed his eyes, Seraphina understood and quickly stepped back,
"I apologize, I shouldn't have crossed my limits."
"Don't be too eager, you will know about it yourself as you win my trust eventually."
"I understand."
Seraphina bowed her head.
"You have just returned from a long journey, so return to your mansion and take some rest," Vaan ordered.
"I wish you a productive and resourceful day."
Seraphina nodded then she bowed her head and walked out of the room.
As she left, a small smile appeared on Vaan's face.
"Guess we have new spells to learn huh."
He commented.
"Krriii~"
Flamey, who was sitting on his right shoulder exclaimed.
"Guru Gurrr?" Splashy was the same, however, for the little water spirit, rather than the new spells, something else was much more important.
Seeing Splashy patting her stomach, Vaan couldn't help but chuckle,
"Yes, Yes, I haven't forgotten, come here, I'll feed you."
"Guurr!"
A bright smile appeared on Spalshy's face.
Flamey as a responsible bit sister just smiled and let Splashy have her fill first.
…
Time passed, Vaan's days weren't much different from before, training with Elara, then his father, then his own Magic Training where he learned the new spells Seraphina brought with her and adding some of the useful spells into his own Spell Directory.
Vaan himself searched for some Inner Circles as well, although doing this normally was time-consuming, Vaan felt like he shouldn't rely on Spell Directories too much.
Elara had the same opinion as well,
Copying other Mage's spells was an overpowered ability, however, to become an exceptional mage, one has to choose his own path, Vaan may not need to do it right now, since he was only a Basic Mage, however, in the future, when he jumps ranks and becomes Intermediate and Advance Mage, he needed his own spells, spells that could represent him as an individual.
It wouldn't be good if he gets too reliant on these Spell Directories, he still needed to keep his mind open and have more options available.
Especially when the biggest treasure trove for any mage, the Vesta Library was right within his reach. Relying on the Spell Directories of other mages and ignoring the Vesta Library would be outright foolish.
Therefore, even though Vaan spent considerable time learning spells from the Spell Directories he gathered, he made sure to spend at least 2 hours in Vesta Library and learn something new.
Magic was an art based on knowledge after all.
And all Mages were a bunch of nerds.
'Tsk, to think I've become what I've always hated.'
Vaan shook his head as he snorted inwardly.
Anyways, just like this, a week had passed, and it was finally 1st Octavian 5039, it was the time Vesta Children returned from the Agresia Academy for their month-long vacation.
Yes, it was time for Vaan's brothers and sisters to return.
And, at the same time, the Year 5039's Elemental Clash was about to start, in 2 weeks.
Right now, Vaan, Elara, and people from the Vesta Family were standing in the Vesta Hall with Astra sitting on the Family Head's position, in the middle of the hall stood 16 young mages.
They were the Young Vesta Mages who had returned from the Agresia Academy.
"Children of the Vesta Family, welcome back to your home."
Astra greeted with a light smile on her face.
"Thank you, Family Head."
The Man standing in the front bowed his head as he answered, he was Vaelen Vesta, the oldest son of Draven Elysia Vesta, and,
The strongest out of the 'Young' Vesta Mages, a prospective heir with the highest chance of inheriting the Family Head's position, a 5th Circle Intermediate Mage.
Vaelen wasn't a student in the Agresia Academy, after becoming an Intermediate Mage, he was automatically promoted to a teacher.
Mages were already rare as is and not many of these already rare mages could become Intermediate Mages.
The strength and status the Intermediate Mages possessed wasn't weak, one shouldn't, Seraphina's father, Anderson Stormweaver, he had recently broken through and became an Intermediate Mage, and that alone, helped his 'Magic Family' rise in rankings.
Intermediate Mages may look common when it comes to the Vesta Family, however, in the real world, Intermediate Mages were people who could start their own Magic Family.
Even the largest academy in the world didn't have the capability to teach Intermediate Mages.
They could only be teachers there.
"I believe your journey was comfortable?"
Astra questioned.
"Yes, it was."
Vaelen nodded. Then, with a confident smile on his face,
"And now that I have returned, I am excited to witness this year's Elemental Clash,
I would love to see how strong my fellow Vesta Mages have gotten.
After all, as the future head, it is my responsibility to keep an eye on how the future mages of my family are doing."



Chapter 115 The Battle of Heirs it was on again
"And now that I have returned, I am excited to witness this year's Elemental Clash,
I would love to see how strong my fellow Vesta Mages have gotten.
After all, as the future head, it is my responsibility to keep an eye on how the future mages of my family are doing."
Vaelen spoke with a confident smile on his face.
Hearing his words, Vaan raised his eyebrow with an amused look on his face.
After seeing so many new faces, Vaan was currently experiencing new streams of memories rushing into his head, and the more he organized this new set of information in his head, the wider his smile got.
These brothers and sisters of his,
They were quite interesting.
Vaan turned towards Elric Vesta, waiting for him to say something,
And just as he expected,
"Don't act like you have already won the Battle of Heirs, you are currently in the presence of the Family Head, show proper respect."
Elric spoke up.
He was a 4th Circle Mage, the second strongest of the Young Vesta Mages, son of Risia Elysia Vesta, and another prospective heir of the Family, someone who was running right behind Vaelen in this race of inheriting the Vesta Throne.
"I do not think brother has shown any disrespect here. As for the Battle of Heirs, the results are already clear in my eyes."
This time, the one who spoke was Lirael Vesta, Vaelen's Blood sister, Draven's daughter, a 4th Circle Mage and even though she has every right to enter the battle of heirs, she chooses not to and decides to support her brother with everything she had.
She was a part of the reason why Vaelen was considered the strongest contender for the Family Head's position. Most powers chose to support Vaelen not only because he was the oldest and the strongest, but also because choosing him meant choosing Lirael together with him.
Getting to support two competent mages, both with the potential to become the Family Head, it was a deal not many powers hated.
Seeing his sister standing up for him, a smile appeared on Vaelen's face, Lirael nodded at him and he nodded back.
From how they acted, it was clear that the relationship between the two siblings was quite strong.
This was also the reason Draven Elysia Vesta was so proud of his children, not only were they talented, they also supported each other like true siblings. Lirael knew it was pointless to go against her brother since he was 12 years older than her and already had a major head start.
Also, Vaelen didn't take her sister for granted either, he protected and cared for her, providing her with whatever she wanted and spoiling her endlessly. Vaelen was like a second father to his sister and loved her a lot.
They formed an unbreakable team, always standing together and prevailing over whatever they faced. Within the Vesta Family, their remarkable sibling bond was regarded as the standard of unity and strength and was discussed quite often.
Honestly, even Astra looked at their relationship in a positive light. As someone who knew everything happening around the Vesta Mansion, visible to the normal eyes or not, she knew the two siblings weren't faking it either.
The two of them actually understood what the other wanted and worked hard to get that.
A sibling love that wasn't seen very often in the Vesta Family, especially amongst the ones with the direct lineage and chance to participate in the Battle of Heirs.
Take Astra and her siblings for example.
Draven, Risia, and Astra, all three of them were Elysia's children, however, even then, ever since the start, they never liked each other's presence, even though the three of them had other non-blood-related siblings fighting for the throne with them, the three of them never shook hands in order to suppress others.
They always regarded each other as enemies.
Or maybe that happened because, unlike in this case, Astra's talent deeply overpowered her two older siblings. After all, no older sibling wants to be overshadowed by his younger brother or sister.
Also, Astra was innocent either, actually, the tension between her and her siblings, she could be the one blamed for it. The Young Astra was, admittedly, arrogant.
Too arrogant in fact.
Combined with the fact that she was born with monstrous talent and extremely strong magic insight, it boosted her arrogance even more, it was to the point where other than her mother, she didn't put anyone in her eyes.
Astra may have calmed down after becoming the Family Head and giving birth to Vaan, however, the stories of Young Astra and the things she had done,
Not many mages had forgotten about it.
"It is the arrogant ones who fall the quickest."
 Suddenly, another man spoke up.
He was Leif Vesta, another 4th Circle Mage who was similar in age compared to other prospective heirs. However, just like Lirael, he had decided not to participate in the Battle of Heirs as well. Instead, he supported Elric Vesta.
Leif's reasoning was simple, unlike his competitors, he was not the direct decedent who carried the Blood of Elysia Rhydian Vesta in his blood, so even if he did try to join in the battle, gathering support would have been difficult.
Therefore, he decided to join Elric.
And of course, Leif wasn't alone in this either, all other Young Vesta Mages had decided to do the same thing, just like different powers supported the factions in hopes of getting some advantages in the future, the young mages were supporting the heirs they felt would become the next head.
Leif was just more well-known amongst the other mages since he was much more talented than them.
Elric, who was in a difficult spot while facing the team of Vaelen and Lirael, readily accepted his offer. An additional 4th Circle Mage joining his faction was never a bad thing. Not to mention if the said mage was someone as talented as Leif, he would be a fool to reject him.
"I agree, if you think being the oldest out of all of us automatically makes you the future Family Head, then you are strictly underestimating the Vesta Family."
Elric nodded his head, standing together with Leif.
"It is not about being the oldest, little brother.
It is about being the strongest.
I am the strongest out of us all, that is what assures my victory in this Battle." Vaelen spoke with a provocative smile on his face.
"The only reason you are the strongest out of us all is because you are the oldest, you are not more talented than us, I would even argue that your talent is quite bland, and once given enough time, I would catch up to you," Elric spoke with a calm look on his face. He wasn't intimidated by his brother.
"Empty words are useless, speak when you actually achieve what you say."
"Oh I will, you being the only 5th Circle Mage out of all the prospective heirs, I promise you it won't be the same in the future. I can already feel it, within the next 2 years, I will break through and become an Intermediate Mage as well.
That would be 4 years earlier than the time it took you, brother."
Elric announced.
"Huh? Did you not hear what my brother said?
Empty words mean nothing."
Lirael stood up for her brother.
Elric, however, just smiled and,
"They are not empty words, sister.
How about this?
If I don't become an Intermediate Mage within the next 2 years,
I will step out of the Battle of Heirs myself.
Does that put enough weight on my words now?"
Elric announced and as he did, everyone present in the Vesta Hall widened their eyes in shock. Even Draven was taken aback by this statement.
Risia, on the other hand, just smiled.
She knew her son's condition the best,
The 2 years he was talking about were him playing safe, Elric only needed 1 year to advance. This announcement was nothing more than a trick for Elric to gain more support in the future.
"Y-You are crazy!" Lirael pointed her fingers at Elric and shouted.
"It doesn't matter Sister." Suddenly, Vaelen spoke up with a calm look on his face.
"The competition is being cleared up by itself, it is a good thing."
"T-That is correct." Lirael nodded, "Or maybe, it is a way for Brother Eldric to step out of the Battle of Heirs with a little respect since he knows he cannot win anymore."
"That could be the case." Vaelen nodded with a smile as well.
"Think whatever lets you sleep at night. Time would slap you two awake eventually." Leif chuckled.
The two factions stared at each other and electric sparks could be seen in their line of sight.
This was the dynamic set in the Vesta House for the Battle of Heirs,
The two major factions,
One Faction supported Vaelen Vesta, the son of Draven Elysia Vesta, while the Second Faction supported Elric Vesta, the son of Risia Elysia Vesta.
All this while, the Vesta House had been calm because the children were all sent to the Academy, however,
With them coming back,
The chaos, competitive spirit, and wild energy that was missing in the Vesta Family returned as well.
The Battle of Heirs,
It was on again.
However, there was one variable everyone forgot about,
"Heeeh, so you are the lot I have to beat up in order to be the Family Head?
Doesn't look very difficult."



Chapter 116 You should step back
"Heeeh, so you are the lot I have to beat up in order to be the Family Head?
Doesn't look very difficult."
Vaan, who had been listening and observing everything till now commented with an interested smile on his face.
"Hmm?" Hearing his words, Vaelen furrowed his brows.
Not only him, Elric, Lirael, Leif, and all other Mages who had just returned from the academy turned towards Vaan with a surprised look on their faces.
In an instant, Vaan became the center of attention.
Elara, who was standing right next to him panicked, Vaan, however, just glanced at his 'competitors' with a big smile on his face. There was no trace of fear or nervousness on his face.
Why would he even fear them?
Who in the hell fears their future subordinates?
"It has been a while, Brother Vaan."
Suddenly, Elric spoke with a smile on his face.
"Haha. It has bee-" Vaan wanted to reply, but then,
"It is good to see you are doing good as well, Elara."
Completely ignoring Vaan, Elric turned towards Elara and greeted her with a gentle smile on his face.
Elara, of course, had no clue how to react in the situation and, "I-It has been a while."
She just greeted back.
Vaan, on the other hand, narrowed his eyes.
What is this?
Why was this bastard greeting his fiancé?
Also, wasn't Elara outcasted by other members of the Vesta Family because she didn't have Vesta Blood flowing in her veins?
From what Vaan had heard, this feeling was much stronger amongst the children who were direct descendants or their direct subordinates.
Then why was…
However, before Vaan could delve deeper, he was interrupted.
"Brother Vaan, correct me if I am wrong, but did what you just said,
Was it directed at us?" Lirael questioned with a curious look on her face.
She didn't seem particularly offended, rather, from her expression it looked like she was witnessing something amusing.
And of course, Vaan didn't like that expression.
She was looking down on him. He had done so much in order to not be looked at with that face, even going as far as completely changing the image previous Vaan had created,
Yet here he was,
Being looked down like that,
That too, from a bitch who aimed to do nothing but hug her brother's thigh and live her life.
"Was I not being clear enough?" Vaan questioned.
"Oh my cute little brother, we are not talking about a drinking competition here. If you want to go out with your friends and lack funds, you can come to me later, alright?
This is not a place for you to be speaking at."
Lirael spoke with a light smile on her face.
 "I didn't know you had enough authority to decide who would speak here or not.
Why don't you just move and directly sit where my mother is sitting?"
Vaan retorted.
Lirael's expression changed. And she wasn't alone, all the Young Mages who had just returned and had no clue about things Vaan had done were surprised.
Since when did Young Master Vaan start speaking in the Vesta Hall meetings?
And did he just challenge other prospective heirs?
What in the hell was happening?
Was he drunk?
Many mages wondered, soon, however, they shook their heads.
This was Vesta Meeting Hall, there is no way anyone under the influence of booze would be allowed in here, even if the said person was the only son of the current family head.
Such disrespect of the Vesta Family grounds, even the Family Head would allow it.
Then why…
Why was Vaan acting like this…?
'Be careful around him.
He is not the same as before.'
Suddenly, Lirael heard a voice in her head. It was Draven, her father.
She wasn't alone,
Elric and Valean, the two of them received a similar message.
The three of them glanced at each other, confusion clear on their faces.
Just what had this man done for someone like Draven and Risia to warn them about him?
Wasn't he just a 1st Circle Waste who didn't even practice Magic because of how he was obsessed with some bitch?
"I obviously do not have the authority to decide who would speak here, however, I do have enough common sense to understand that someone like you definitely should not be speaking here."
Lirael replied.
"And why is that?"
"You are seriously shameless enough to ask that?
What makes you think a 1st Circle Mage like you can jump in when your brothers and sisters are talking with each other? Shouldn't you show proper respect here?"
"And what makes you think that you are allowed to talk here like you are in a park? This is the Vesta Meeting Hall, we are gathered here to welcome you, however, this doesn't mean you are allowed to talk to each other and ignore others.
You were asked a formal question, you simply had to answer that question and turn silent. Yet you simply chose to completely ignore everyone around you, including the Family Head, and started bickering with each other.
I do not know if you were trying to display your strength or something else,
But this display of yours, it was embarrassing.
You all call yourself prospective heirs who wish to be the Family Head, yet you are not even mature enough to realize where you are standing and act accordingly.
Honestly, you are just embarrassing the Vesta name."
Vaan spoke up and seeing Vaan talk about 'manners' and 'how to conduct oneself', many mages present in the Hall raised their eyebrows.
Heck, even Astra was the same.
To think her son would be shameless enough to talk about things like that. Especially after things he had done.
He was the same man who beat up a fellow mage, then openly embarrassed his uncle in front of everyone, then proceeded to use harsh words and act like some kind of thug.
Talking about manners didn't soon this man at all!
Even if this man was her very son, Astra still couldn't help but feel the urge to facepalm.
"You talk awfully lot for someone who is merely a 1st Circle Mage." Lirael narrowed her eyes.
"And you talk awfully lot for someone who doesn't know shit."
And there it was.
This man was just talking about manners! A few seconds ago!
And now he was cursing out loud.
Seeing this, the people around him felt their mouths twitching.
Even Elara blinked a few times, unable to comprehend the situation.
'He is a 2nd Circle Mage.'
Draven clarified and Lirael, who had a confused look on her face finally realized. Of course, this didn't mean she was planning to back away.
"Oh right, I forgot you became a 2nd Circle Mage, but you can't blame me either, your progress was just so slow that I forgot to keep up."
"Heh, you forgot to keep up huh, can't even keep up with the progress of your own brother, I doubt if you would be able to keep track of the progress of the entire Vesta Family, quite worrying for someone who calls herself a prospective heir.
Oh wait, you don't.
I guess we got the reason why you don't huh?
Having a shit memory is quite a disadvantage, I agree. It is commendable that you recognized your weakness and backed away.
You weren't fit for the competition anyway."
"Sounds like you have tracked the progress of everyone around you."
"Of course not. I have people who would take care of that for me in the future.
I prepare to be the Family Head, not a secretary."
Vaan snorted.
Lirael's mouth twitched in annoyance.
"Quite bold coming from someone who is merely a 2nd Circle Mage." She retorted.
"Heh, if a 49-year-old 5th Circle Mage can aim to be the Family Head, I believe I have every right to do so."
Vaan spoke as he glanced at Vaelen. Then, a big smile appeared on his face, and,
"I mean, what's the point of even trying to aim for the Family Head's position?
Mother is currently 60, you are barely 11 years younger than her, what's the point of you sitting in the Family Head's position when you would barely last for 10 extra years?
Do you wish to hold another Battle of Heirs right after you become the Family Head?
Do you even know how unstable that would be? It is honestly no different than having a temporary head till the real head is mature enough to rule.
I'd even see it as a sign of weakness, which doesn't fit with the Vesta Family at all."
Vaan then looked into his older brother's eyes and,
"Vaelen Vesta, if you truly do want what is best for the Vesta Family, then rather than being greedy for the Family Head's position,
You should step back and be satisfied with what you currently have."
Vaan spoke and this time, not only Lirael, Vaelen, or the other Young Mages,
The entire Vesta Meeting Hall turned silent.
Vaan had decided to go all out right from the start.



Chapter 117 What other solution do we need
"Vaelen Vesta, if you truly do want what is best for the Vesta Family, then rather than being greedy for the Family Head's position,
You should step back and be satisfied with what you currently have."
Vaan spoke as he looked into Vaelen's eyes.
An all-out attack from the start.
Vaan's goal in this new world was already decided.
He would succeed his mother and become the Vesta Family Head.
Why?
Because why not?
Wasn't it only natural for him to continue something his mother values so much?
What if these idiots mess everything up and eventually hurt his mother?
Vaan couldn't allow that, now could he?
Alright, let's be honest here, that was a lie. The position the Vesta Family was currently in, it couldn't fall in just one generation no matter how bad the Family Head was.
Although Vaan did care about his mother and wanted to make her proud, the main reason he wanted to rule the Vesta Family was because he wanted power.
He was ambitious.
No matter how much Vaan or Christopher tried to deny it, living as an underworld gang leader for 10 years had changed him.
In his previous life, he was occupied by the thought of avenging his parents, but now that he had no such goal, rather than calming down and trying to live a normal, peaceful life as many would want,
Vaan wanted to get more.
He wanted to fight for more.
He wanted to reach where no one ever did.
He wanted to be so strong that no one would even think about harming him or his family.
And for that, the obvious step was to participate in the Battle of Heirs and obliterate all the competition just like his mother did in the past.
All these weeks he had been here, Vaan wasn't staying idle. Other than working on his strength, he was also trying to learn more about things going around in the Vesta Family, the troubles it currently faces, the information about the other Prospective Heirs, their Faction, how these factions affected the outcome of the Battle of Heirs, Vaan learned everything the previous Vaan had completely ignored.
In short, he had done his research.
And because of that, Vaan chose the topic that would be the hardest to swallow, not only for Vaelen, but Lirael, Elric, and even the other senior mages of the Vesta Family, including Astra.
"Vaan, this meeting is for welcoming the Mages who have returned from the Academy after a long journey, it is not the time to talk about this matter, step back and stay silent."
Astra ordered with a strict look on her face.
Her tone didn't seem to be looking forward to a 'no' as an answer.
Seeing Astra had personally stepped in, Vaan was a little taken aback, however, he wasn't doing all this out of impulse,
It was a calculated move.
"Family Head, this meeting has already deviated from its initial topic ever since the 'Prospective Heirs' tried to use this chance to strengthen their factions.
Also, I disagree with Family Head's opinion,
Stalling this matter any longer is foolish.
Vaelen Vesta, a 49-year-old 5th Circle Mage; Elric Vesta, a 43-year-old 4th Circle Mage; and Lirael Vesta, a 37-year-old 4th Circle Mage. These individuals carry the mantle of the next potential leaders of the Vesta Family and are called 'Prospective Heirs'
Do not forget, that we come from a generation that witnessed the remarkable feats of Aunt Risia, Elric's Mother, who became a 5th Circle Mage at the age of 38, and Uncle Draven, the father of Vaelen and Lirael, who achieved the same feat at 36. This was the benchmark set by our past Prospective Heirs, honestly, the difference between the two couldn't be more apparent. It is almost absurd.
Not to mention that the two previously mentioned Prospective Heirs lost the Battle of Heirs.
 Mages of their level losing was the testament to just how competitive the Vesta Family's Battle of Heirs usually is. Even their insane achievements paled in front of our current Family Head, Lady Astra.
Family Head became a 5th Circle Mage when she was merely 25.
Despite being 31 years younger than her eldest brother, her extraordinary talent allowed her to bridge the formidable gap of 31 whole years.
This is the level of the Vesta Family.
This is what should be expected out of the Vesta Family Mages, especially the mages who call themselves 'Prospective Heirs'.
However, the present group of Prospective Heirs, no matter how much we try to hide it, the fact is,
They have not met the Vesta Family's expectations.
In fact, it would not be an exaggeration to say that out of the current Prospective Heirs,
None deserve to inherit the Vesta Family."
Vaan spoke and as he did, the entire hall turned deathly silent. Even Astra, Draven, and Risia, the people who currently held the highest authority within the Vesta Family, had solemn looks on their faces.
It was an unspoken agreement between the Vesta Mages to not discuss this topic until the time was right,
However,
In Vaan's eyes,
This was the right time,
"The Family Head is Young and is, of course, a reliant support who we can fall back on for many coming years so there is no need for us to currently discuss this topic. The choice of leaving everything on time and waiting patiently is by no means, a wrong one.
However,
This doesn't mean we should allow trash to call themselves prospective heirs of the Vesta Family when they do not meet the desired expectations."
Vaan spoke as he glanced at his brothers and sisters with an emotionless look on his face.
He was directly declaring that none of the people standing in front of him deserved the title of Prospective Heirs and what was worse? With how he used the past generation as an example, the current 'heirs' had no words to retort him with either.
This time, even their faction members had turned silent, even Draven and Risia, who supported their children the most had turned silent.
The matter Vaan had pushed forward, for him, it was just a way to destroy the current prospective heirs' arrogance and use them as a stepping stone in order to create his own Faction,
However, for the senior Mages, it was something much more.
It wasn't that they didn't know about this, they were simply trying not to talk about it and waited patiently for the matter to resolve itself, they didn't really have any other option either, they were helpless in this matter, they couldn't just 'adopt' someone with extraordinary Magic Talen and make him the next Family Head, now could they?
They were helpless.
And that was why they avoided the topic, the other mages understood their thoughts and remained silent as well, however, Vaan slapping this topic out in the open like this, this pushed them to the corner.
Vaan unknowingly made it such a way that they couldn't officially avoid this matter anymore.
The Mages all glanced at each other, unsure of what to do in this situation.
Draven and Risia glanced at each other as well, then, the two turned towards Astra and noticed that she was looking at them as well.
A strange silence was spread all over the Vesta Hall, and this happened because of the words of a 20-year-old boy. Honestly, this alone was embarrassing enough for the Mages, but again,
They were out of options.
And as if she wanted to highlight that, Lirael shouted.
"I have had enough of your bullshit!"
"Huh?" Vaan narrowed his eyes.
"The current prospective heirs are not up to the Family's expectations and do not deserve to have their title.
How easy it is to sit back and point fingers at others isn't it?
For someone who is merely a 2nd Circle Mage, you certainly have a lot to say, don't you?
Do you know what you sound like?
You sound like a commoner with no knowledge about Magic talking about how an experienced Mage who spent decades of his life studying Magic, should have used a different way to approach a certain situation.
A fool trying to lecture a scholar.
That is what you sound like.
Honestly, I felt like I was wrong when I told you not to talk here, however, after hearing what you just said, I knew I was right.
Someone ignorant about the matter shouldn't be allowed to speak.
So unless you have a solution, stay silent."
Lirael shouted and this time, no matter which side they belonged to, everyone nodded at her words.
After all, Vaan's words targeted not just the prospective heirs, but all of them. Not to mention Vaan's image in their heads wasn't exactly a great one.
Of course, Vaan couldn't care less about their opinion.
"Huh? What solution is needed?"
Vaan questioned with a frown on his face.
The Senior Mages narrowed their eyes.
Was Vaan this ignorant? They felt like he had changed but…
"Haa! You don't even know what you ar-"
Lirael wanted to bash Vaan again and take some of her anger out on him, but then,
"Aren't I here?
What other solution do we need?"



Chapter 118 I am a Prospective Heir as well
"Aren't I here?
What other solution do we need?"
Vaan questioned with a genuinely confused look on his face. From his expression, one could tell that this man actually did think of himself as the 'Solution.'
And when she realized that, Lirael's mouth twitched uncontrollably.
"You? The Solution? A mere 2nd Second Circle Mage who was crazy about some random bitch from a low-"
"A 2nd Circle Mage who defeated a 3rd Circle Mage in front of a big crowd. I doubt any of you have achieved a feat like this, have you? Doesn't that automatically make me better than all of you?" Vaan questioned with a confident smile on his face.
Lirael, on the other hand, frowned in confusion. Obviously, she had no clue what Vaan was talking about, she had just returned from the Academy and didn't have any information regarding the recent events that have played out yet.
Why would she? Things like these weren't supposed to be discussed in this meeting anyway, she didn't know how everything started, but Lirael wasn't expecting herself to be standing against this idiot cousin of hers, talking about serious matters like these.
Of course, that doesn't mean she was planning to use this as an excuse.
She knew one needed to be prepared all the time, the fact that she jumped in and escalated the situation to this point without knowing any recent events was her fault, and she admitted it.
At the same time, she also turned towards her father, trying to understand what Vaan was talking about, but then,
Draven looked into Vaan's eyes and,
"You used Instant Spells in that Duel, Vaan.
That Duel does not count.
Even a 1st Circle Mage can defeat a 4th Circle Mage if he uses our family's top Instant Spells. What you did back then, although brave, it cannot be used as something that makes you special compared with others."
Draven spoke and his words were followed by other mages nodding their head.
Seeing that he was being supported, Draven then turned towards Astra and,
"I think even the Family Head would agree to my words, correct?"
Making the Family Head accept that her son was nothing special, there was no way Draven was going to miss this golden opportunity that would not only put this arrogant nephew of his in his place but would also put Astra in a difficult position, indirectly alleviating his and his faction's position.
Vaan, however, wasn't planning on letting that happen,
"Is Uncle Draven saying that I am no different than my brothers who are titled Prospective Heirs of the Family?" Vaan questioned.
Draven looked at him, then, with an expressionless look on his face, he replied,
"Although I am sure you have your own strength in other areas, you are still a 20-year-old 2nd Circle Mage. You just mentioned how your siblings didn't meet the Vesta Family's expectations, however, all of them had already become 2nd Circle Mages by the time they were 17 or 18, which is 2 whole years earlier than you.
So by your logic, your performance is actually even more disappointing and does not meet the standards of the Vesta Family at all."
Draven spoke, he had never openly pointed his fingers at Vaan like this, today, however, he made an exception. Starting this topic when he knew that his daughter had just returned from the academy and had no information about the current events, Vaan's actions were getting too out of hand, he had to step in.
"Worse than my siblings huh?" Vaan seemed taken aback.
"I didn't know all my siblings researched revolutionary Magic Circles that increased a Mage's strength to unseen levels." He then glanced at his confused siblings and,
"You all must be strong, huh? How many Inner Circles does your Advance Circle have? Does it have extra space to draw more Magic Patterns? What principals did you work on to create those circles?
Actually, if you would be so kind, can I see your Advanced Circle, I might get some ideas to improve my own circle. I would be deeply indebted to you if you do that."
Vaan questioned and the more he asked, the more Lirael frowned in confusion.
What was this fool talking about?
An Advance Circle, was he out of his mind?
Vaan, fully knowing their confusion, didn't step back, rather, smiling gleefully, he pushed forward,
"Oh C'mon, don't be so petty, all of us here are Mages and a part of the same family, if you hide your discoveries like this, then how could we possibly grow? And it is not like I am asking you the teach me how to summon your circle now am I? Even I am not that shameless. I know how to respect a Mage's boundaries, I know that I have no right to demand something from you just because we come from the same family.
I merely wish to see your Magic Circle, which, you would eventually show whenever you duel with your opponents. I don't think I am being very difficult here.
 But oh well, if you feel that it is still unfair,
I will show you my Circle first."
Vaan spoke with a wide smile on his face as he gathered Mana from the Air, sensing his intentions, Flamey and Splashy who were lazily sitting on his shoulders moved,
And soon,
Two Advance Circles, each being larger than a normal circle and having 6 Inner Circles were formed.
The Mages present in the hall observed the two Magic Circles as their eyes shined in extreme curiousness and interest, for some of them, this was the first time they had actually witnessed Vaan's Advanced Magic Circle in real life, till now, they only saw this Magic Circle in the research paper Vaan had published, but seeing the real deal…
The mages couldn't get their eyes away from the mysterious circles in front of them. How could they not? They have been racking their heads around these circles, desperately trying to understand the principles behind them and create a circle on their own.
However, no matter how much they tried, all their attempts yielded zero results. Even after working on it for months, they still made zero progress.
It was so hopeless that they even thought that all of this was a sham and that this circle was actually flawed, making summoning this Circle impossible.
But seeing Vaan using these Circles right in front of their eyes, the hopeless mages saw hope again.
The Circle wasn't flawed.
It was their approach that was wrong.
They needed to put in more effort.
On the other hand, the Young Mages who saw the Vaan's circle for the first time widened their eyes in shock.
What was that!?
A Circle with 6 Inner Circles!? How does that make sense!?
Did someone make a new Magic Research? How did they not know about it?
Although the Agresia Academy limited the exchange of information in order to make their students focus on what they were learning, with Vesta Family powers, exchanging information this vital shouldn't be difficult.
Then why…
"Hmm? This is confusing. Why are you looking at me like that? Is this your first time seeing an Advance Circle? But didn't you say you researched an Advance Circle of your own? Why are you acting so surprised?
Is it because my Magic Circle isn't up to your esteemed standards?"
Vaan questioned with a playful smile on his face.
Everyone in the Meeting Hall understood what he was doing, honestly, some mages even pitied the Young Mages who were up against someone like Vaan right after they returned.
After all, this was the same man who humiliated 6th Circle Mage Rylan in front of everyone.
When it came to words, this man spouted raw poison from his mouth.
"Vaan, that is enough. You have proved your point."
Suddenly, Astra spoke up.
As much as she was enjoying the current situation, right now, she was not Vaan's mother, but the Family Head. It was her duty to maintain the Vesta Hall's decorum which Vaan's sarcastic remarks were undermining.
"I understand, Lady Astra."
Vaan, of course, was extremely respectful when the one speaking was his mother. However, when it came to his uncle,
"Are the Circles I researched up to the Family's expectation, Uncle Draven?"
"Yes." With a bitter look on his face, Draven nodded.
"Then the strongest 2nd Circle Mage who discovered a new, much more advanced Magic Circle at the mere age of 20, I believe this should be enough for me to be called one of the 'Prospective Heirs', correct?"
"That is not something that can be decided in an instant." Draven, of course, was against it.
"Hmm? What is there to decide? I highly doubt that my siblings had to go through some sort of meeting to call themselves prospective heirs. From what I remember, they just started calling themselves as such out of the blue. Why is it different in my case?"
"You are too youn-" Draven wanted to answer, but then, he paused. He could already see Vaan looking at his mother the moment he was about to mention his age.
Dealing with this boy was too frustrating!
"Since Uncle Draven has nothing more to say,
Then from today onwards,
I am a Prospective Heir as well."
Vaan announced and
On 1st Octavian 5039,
Vaan Astra Vesta officially joined the Vesta Family's Battle of Heirs.



Chapter 119 This bastard was he flirting with his Fiance
"Heh, a Prospective Heir, that sure sounds good. Now I just need to crush the competition and become the Family Head.
Easy."
Vaan, who was walking towards the dining room together with Elara spoke with a confident look on his face.
Then, he turned towards his fiancé and,
"So? How did I do?"
"D-Do what?" Elara questioned, she still hadn't recovered from the intense meeting she just attended.
"My performance in the Meeting Hall of course, how was it? Did you look at their faces? Wasn't it a sight to see? Kek, they were acting like the entire world was falling apart. Especially when I revealed the Advance Circles.
Heh, Prospective Heirs my ass. They are just a bunch of idiots."
Vaan snorted.
"Y-You should be m-more careful with your words," Elara spoke up.
"Hmm? Why should I?" Vaan questioned with a confused look on his face.
"N-No matter what, they are still your s-siblings, and they are all o-older than you. You should respect them.
Your words today were too rude. You even indirectly targeted Lord D-Draven. T-That is not appropriate." Elara gave her perspective.
"And what about when that sister of mine indirectly called me a drunkard? Was that right in your eyes?"
"O-Of course not, but I k-know she won't listen to me so I…"
"Then did you want me to just let her belittle me like that?"
"O-Of course not, b-but the method you chose could have been better…"
"And what method is that?" Vaan questioned.
Elara lowered her head. She had no answer.
Seeing her acting like that, Vaan shook his head before narrowing his eyes,
"This won't work…" he muttered.
"Elara." Then, he called out.
"W-What is it?"
"Curse."
"H-Huh?"
"Curse someone, anyone."
"W-What?"
"Right, you wouldn't have anyone you would want to curse.
Uhh… Curse that Karl, he is already dead, so it wouldn't really matter much either."
"W-Why would I curse the dead?"
"Because I said so," Vaan replied as he grabbed Elara's hands and looked into her eyes.
"V-Vaan, cursing the dead is n-not appropriate…"
"You can do that for me, can't you? Just once, I won't make you do it again." Vaan pressured.
There was something he wanted to test out.
"…" Elara turned silent and continued to stare at Vaan, wanting him to change his mind. Vaan, however, didn't back down.
 In the end, Elara gave up, then, she closed her eyes and,
"K-Karl was a B-Bad person!"
She cursed.
"…"
And Vaan, who witnessed Elara's 'cursing' was out of words.
He couldn't believe how Elara was looking at him with the expression of an innocent child who was just caught cheating and seeing that,
"Pffft."
Vaan couldn't help but laugh out loud.
"Ahh, Elara, how are you so adorable~" He spoke as he pulled Elara's cheeks.
"This is such a big problem which I should be worried about, but here I am, unable to get over your cuteness. Uggghhh! Just how can someone as adorable as you exist?"
"I-It hwurts…"
Elara complained.
Vaan just sighed. Then, with a strict look on his face, he glanced at Elara and,
"Calling someone bad is not cursing them, Elara. That one doesn't count.
'That Karl fucker was a bitch', say something like this."
"T-This is too much!" Elara's expression changed as she desperately shook her head.
"Ugghh…" Vaan groaned as he scratched his head.
This was harder than he thought.
His fiancé was just too pure for this, but Vaan had no other choice.
Being innocent and pure is not exactly a good thing, people like them are the ones who are fooled the quickest. This cruel world was not a place where the innocent and pure could survive.
As much as Vaan wanted to protect Elara for the rest of his life, he knew it was impractical. Not to mention Vaan wanted Elara to stand together with him, not behind him.
Elara needed to change.
Vaan started thinking. A way to make Elara curse… a way to corrupt her…
"Brother Vaan, it is quite a coincidence meeting you here."
While Vaan was thinking about such an important issue, a voice interrupted his thoughts. He turned towards the source of the unpleasant voice and saw his brother, Elric Vesta walking towards him.
"What are you doing here?" Vaan narrowed his eyes.
"Nothing really, I was just walking by and saw the two of you. I thought I should come say hello." Elric spoke with a bright smile on his face.
Then, his eyes fell on how Vaan was holding Elara's hands and,
"I didn't know the two of you were this close." He commented.
Not liking his expression, Vaan narrowed his eyes,
"What are you talking about? She is my Fiance,"
"No, I mean, with how you acted previously, it didn't look like you cared about her." Then, a playful smile appeared on Elric's face as he glanced at Elara and,
"Or maybe even you couldn't resist just how beautiful Elara is and your stone-like heart melted? I could definitely see that happening.
Elara is not only beautiful, but her innocent personality is just perfect as well."
Elric spoke and Vaan, who heard his words and observed his expression as he looked into Elara's eyes, his expression changed.
This bastard…
Was he flirting with his Fiance?
Vaan's mouth twitched, then, he grabbed Elara's hand, pulled her close to him, then, he hugged her, breaking Elric's eye contact with her and,
"You are right about that, my fiancé is perfect.
This is why I love her so much."
"W-W-What?" Elara stuttered as her face turned red. She wanted to get away from Vaan's arms because she was embarrassed, however, when she heard Vaan's words, her brain stopped working and her body simply gave into Vaan's arms.
"O-Oh." Seeing Vaan act like that, even Elric was taken aback. Vaan, however, didn't miss how he narrowed his eyes for a slight moment when he hugged Elara.
"But you didn't have to suddenly hug her like that to say those words. I would have understood without that." Elric joked.
"Hmm? I think you misunderstood, you being here or not doesn't matter, I wanted to hug my fiancé, so I did, you have no literally zero role here.
Other than being a third wheel of course."
Vaan spoke as he looked into Elric's eyes.
"Hahaha~" Elric laughed. Not paying attention to Vaan's words.
Seeing that, Vaan decided to be even more direct.
"I don't think you know what being a Third Wheel means, so let me explain that to you,
Third Wheels are usually the annoying people who interrupt a couple from having a good time by being there.
Me calling you a Third wheel was an indirect way of asking you to leave,
But since you missed that, I will just be direct,
Leave, I am about to have a meal with my fiancé and spend some quality time with her, don't be a Third Wheel."
"…"
Elric had no words.
Vaan continued to glare at him, seeing then, a small smile appeared on his face, and,
"You sound defensive for some reason. It is as if you are scared that I would take someone away from you so you want to push me away."
"That's an interesting way to put it.
Wonder who is empty-handed here." Vaan chuckled.
Elric's face twitched, however, without allowing him to say anything anymore,
"Are you clueless or just that shameless? If it is the latter, then I must say, you are even breaking my own records, that's an achievement.
This must be the third time I am asking you to leave."
"You are quite heartless, Brother. I just wanted a tal-"
"Think about it, who would any sane man choose to spend time with,
A beautiful and adorable fiancé,
Or some random cousin.
Think about it and everything will be clear in your eyes."
Saying those words, Vaan just picked Elara up. Elara's expression changed again, in panic, she tightly hugged Vaan's body like a koala, Vaan, momentarily paused, enjoying this sudden feeling, then, he moved his hand as he gently held Elara and walked away.
"…"
Elric, who was left alone, finally broke the smile that was stuck on his face.
Then, he clenched his fists in anger, and,
'You 2nd Circle bastard! You dare touch what's mine.
I will make you pay for that.'
Thinking about it, Elric took a deep breath, then, he walked away.
…
On the other hand, Vaan took Elara to the dining room, by now, Elara's heart which was beating crazily finally calmed down, she was ready to get down, however, before she could, Vaan simply sat down and placed Elara on his lap.
"I think only one chair would be enough today, what do you think?"
Vaan spoke.
"W-What?" Elara's face turned red again.
"Mhm, I want to eat like this.
Is it uncomfortable for you?" Vaan spoke with an innocent look on his face.
Seeing his expression, Elara couldn't say no, and,
"I-It doesn't feel bad…"
She gave in.



Chapter 120 Young Master Vaan is strange~
"Young Master Vaan, Lady Elara, should I serve the food?" Gabel questioned with a respectful look on his face, completely ignoring how Elara was sitting on Vaan's lap and had a deep blush on her face.
He was a true professional.
Vaan nodded in satisfaction, then, with a slight smile on his face, he answered Gabel's question,
"Yes, bring the food.
Also, arrange that together with it."
"That?" Gabel frowned in confusion.
"Alcohol.
I would like to let lose today."
Vaan spoke up.
"What…?"
Gabel tilted his head with a confused look on his face.
Consuming Alcohol in the Vesta House was not prohibited, however, it was looked down upon.
In Vaan's case, things were even more problematic since Vaan had just declared himself as one of the Prospective Heirs. If the fact that a Prospective Heir is consuming Alcohol is revealed, it could be problematic, especially for Vaan who was known for his questionable personality.
"A-Alcohol? I-I don't think you should consume Alcohol. It is not good for your health." Elara spoke up, she was against consuming Alcohol as well.
Vaan observed Gabel and Elara for a while, then, he glanced at Gabel and,
"Isn't this where you need to show your skills as my butler, Gabel? Your Young Master is requesting something from you, shouldn't you bring it for me?"
"I apologize, Young Master but I agree with Lady Elara here, I don't think you should be consuming Alcohol, it could lead to too many complica-"
"Gabel, I understand the consequences more than you do.
This is the reason I am asking you rather than the maids who serve the food.
At this point, I trust you can grasp the direction I'm heading."
Vaan spoke as he glanced at Gabel with a small smile on his face.
Gabel's expression changed as he understood Vaan's intentions.
'No one would know if you stay silent.'
Vaan was extending a hand towards him, a chance to gain his trust. He wanted Gabel to bring Alcohol in secret and keep the entire matter secret, even from Astra.
"…" Gabel turned silent and continued to observe Vaan.
It was the time to decide.
Vaan didn't rush him either, sensing the weird tension in the room, Elara momentarily turned silent as well.
"I understand, Young Master Vaan. Please give me a while, I will arrange what you have asked for."
Gabel bowed his head.
Vaan's smile widened as he nodded, Gabel quickly turned around and left.
Elara, who was finally left alone with Vaan spoke with a worried look on her face.
"You shouldn't consume Alcohol. It is not good…"
Vaan then turned towards his fiancé and,
"I am not going to drink it alone, Elara."
"Hmm?" Elara tilted her head in confusion and then,
 "You are going to drink together with me," Vaan revealed and Elara's eyes widened in surprise.
After thinking for a long long time, this was the grand solution Vaan had come up with.
Elara was too reserved, he needed to do something about that reservation, he wanted Elara to open up to him, he wanted Elara to lose her awkwardness, at least around him.
That would be the actual first step in corrupting her.
And the best way to do that?
Booze of course!
Even the most reserved persons open up under the effects of alcohol, how could Elara not?
Also, Vaan was actually looking forward to how the drunk Elara would look like. Just imagining the cute Elara being tipsy, with red cheeks, no reservations, and fuzzy mind… Just thinking about it rose Vaan's protective instincts to the maximum.
However,
"I-I can't! I have never consumed Alcohol before!"
Convincing someone like Elara to drink Alcohol wasn't easy.
"There is always a first time for everything, my fiancé." Vaan smiled playfully.
"No, Teacher said consuming Alcohol is bad for health, it even affects a Mage's ability to think, eventually affecting the Mage's performance and potential negatively.
Not to mention it can be addictive and consuming it more could even harm a Mage's Future. I will not drink it and I hope Young Master Vaan stays away from it as well." Elara's resistance was much stronger than Vaan expected.
"Consuming it every once in a while is not harmful, Elara." Vaan tried to convince her.
"That is how every addiction starts," Elara replied.
Vaan sighed as he was forced to use his trump card.
He didn't wish to use it, however, he was left with no choice.
"Treat it as a part of your training, Elara."
"What…?" Elara frowned in confusion.
"That is correct."
"I do not see any benefits of co-"
"That is for me to decide, you promised me that you would follow whatever I say, didn't you?"
"B-But-"
"Do you not trust your fiancé?" Vaan questioned and this time, Elara turned silent.
Seeing his chance, Vaan moved his hand around Elara's waist, then pulling her close to him, he whispered in a gentle tone,
"Trust me, I would never do something that would potentially harm you."
"…" Elara stared into Vaan's eyes for a while.
Then, she gave in.
Vaan's smile widened, and as if he had been waiting for it, Gabel walked into the room bringing what Vaan wanted.
Soon, the food and drinks were served, Elara glanced at the glass of alcohol in front of her with a strange look on her face. Vaan grabbed his glass and, "Just do what I am doing." He spoke.
Elara nodded with an unsure look on her face as she held her glass.
Then, Vaan gulped down the entire thing in one go.
Elara blinked a few times, but seeing as how Vaan was staring at her, she copied what he did and,
"Accckkk!"
She coughed out.
"I-It is too bitter!" She spoke.
"Hahaha~ That's the fun of it. Now don't waste it, close your eyes and drink everything in one go." Vaan laughed as he gently patted Elara's back.
Elara nodded, then, she did as Vaan told and drank the whole thing.
"W-Why would you drink something that tastes so bad?" She questioned.
Vaan just smiled.
"Why don't you try another glass to understand the answer?" Vaan questioned, as he gulped down another glass before filling Elara's glass as well.
Elara's expression changed, however, in the end, she drank the second glass as well.
Together with the food, Elara continued to drink one glass after another, obviously, as a first-time drinker, her resistance wasn't high, and soon, the alcohol started its magic.
"Y-Young Master Vaan… I feel weird…"
Elara stuttered.
"You are calling me Young Master again, didn't I tell you to just call me Vaan?" Vaan questioned.
"I knoww~ but how am I supposed to change my habits so quickly~
I am not like you, you know?
I can't become a completely new person in one night.
Young Master Vaan is the weird one here."
Elara spoke as she drank another glass.
This time, she wasn't even copying Vaan, she drank it on her own. Seeing that, Vaan smiled as he filled her glass again. Finally, his fiancé gave him non-one-sentence answers.
She was speaking!
"You called me Young Master again." Vaan pointed out.
"Vaan~ Vaan~ Vaan~ Is this okay?"
"Mhm, perfectly fine.
You can even call me darling if you want.
I won't mind it.
I would actually prefer that."
Vaan spoke with a playful smile on his face and this time, Elara turned silent and stared at Vaan's face.
"…what happened?" Vaan questioned with a slight frown on his face.
Elara then drank another glass, her mind was hazy, however, she could understand one thing, if she drank what she was drinking, she could talk freely, without holding back.
"Suddenly saying embarrassing words like these, it feels so strange~ you are so strange, young master Va- Oops, I meant Vaan~"
"I am strange?"
"Of course~ You used to push me away, hit me, and look at me with that annoyed look on your face, but then one day, you appeared in front of me in my Magic training room, asked me to teach you magic, started calling me your fiancé, then started doing all these things that felt strange but comforting at the same time. Even now, I sit here on your lap while you hug me like this, what person would look at a person with hate and then hug them like this the other day? If this doesn't make you strange then what does?"
Elara wasn't stopping, she drank another glass. As more alcohol went into her system, more words came out.
"Do you hate sitting here?" Vaan questioned.
"I don't. I just feel weird." Elara replied, then suddenly, she placed her hands over Vaan's neck, looked into his eyes and,
"I am just trying to understand why Youn- Vaan is doing this."
"Doing what?"
"Being good to me. Why is Vaan being good to me? What do you want…?" Elara tilted her head with a curious look on her face.
"Have I not made it clear yet?
It is because I want Elara all to myself."
"Huh?"
"I want Elara, who I love, to be mine. That's why I am trying to impress you and being nice to you." Vaan replied.
"You… love me?"



Chapter 121 Talk with me
"You… love me?"
Elara brought her red face dangerously close to Vaan, so close that even Vaan raised his eyebrow in surprise, after all, this was the first time Elara had made the move, not that she was in any condition to think straight. Heck, it would be a surprise if she even realized what she was doing.
If she somehow looks at the current scene when she is sober, she would probably blush deeply and run out of the room. It was so strange that even little Flamey and Splashy were flying around and looking at Elara's drunk face with curious looks on their faces.
Of course, Elara had no clue about it, even if she could see Flamey and Splashy, she was in no condition to care about them,
For now, she just looked at Vaan's face, his words echoing inside her mind,
"Young Master Vaan loves me…?"
She questioned as she cutely tilted her head.
"Is it that surprising? I thought I was being quite open about it." Vaan replied.
Then, he pulled Elara even close to him, her nose touching his, and,
"Why do you think I have been calling you my fiancé? That's because I want you to know that you are stuck with me and that soon, the fiancé is going to be replaced by the word wife.
I do all this because I have fallen in love with you, Elara Flameheart."
"You love me…?"
"How many times do I have to say it?"
"But what if you are lying…?" Elara questioned.
"…" This time, Vaan turned silent.
"And what about that bad woman?"
"Bad woman?" Vaan frowned.
"That Seraphina. Isn't she the one you actually love? She is the one who you favor. She is the reason everything started. Young Master started pushing me away after meeting her. You even took money from me to then spend it on her." Elara then narrowed her eyes and,
"The relations between the two of you have soured, is that the reason why you are coming to me? Are you trying to use me to get her?"
She spoke.
Elara couldn't be blamed either, ever since Seraphina came into his life, the previous Vaan never approached Elara without having selfish intentions. Every time Elara smiles brightly wondering why Vaan was here, she would only be disappointed when she finds out why.
This went on for such a long time that Elara was now scared of smiling.
She felt like the moment she smiled and was genuinely happing about something, real intentions would be revealed and her happiness would turn into sadness.
Even now, as Elara spent these blissful days with Vaan, inwardly, she trembled in fear, she was smiling too much, therefore, she felt like something much worse was going to happen to her.
Something she might never recover from.
The normal Elara wouldn't address this matter, however, the drunk Elara was different. She created some distance between the two of them,
Then, she looked into Vaan's eyes, and,
"Young Master Vaan, if you are trying to use me to make Seraphina jealous and eventually win her over, you can be honest with me, I promise to follow through with your plans and…
And it would hurt less that way…"
Elara spoke, her eyes glistened.
"…"
Vaan's expression changed.
This was not what he had in his mind when he planned to get Elara drunk, however, he was glad this was happening. He was glad that Elara was finally opening up to him. Her worries, her insecurities, he was glad that she was sharing everything with him.
And now, it was his turn to step up and assure her. He needed to make his stance clear.
"Do you hate Seraphina?"
 He questioned.
Surprised by the sudden question, Elara didn't know how to react, On one hand, she wanted to say yes almost instantaneously, but on the other hand, knowing that Young Master Vaan liked Seraphina, she didn't wish to offend him by doing that.
Yes, even when she was in a drunk state where she could barely think straight, Elara was still thinking about Vaan. That was how much of a fool she was.
"I…" This was the first time where the drunk Elara had no answer.
But then,
"I hate her."
Vaan spoke.
"Huh?" Elara looked at Vaan with a confused look on her face and then,
"I was a fool and Seraphina successfully fooled me.
I hate Seraphina for understanding how much of a fool I was and using that to her advantage. I hate how she manipulated my actions, I hate how she used me to get Magic resources for her family, I hate how she pushed me away from Elara, however, more than her,
I hate myself.
I hate my previous self.
I hate that foolish bastard who went after stones even though the diamond was right next to him.
And truthfully,
I am glad that the previous Vaan is dead."
Vaan spoke, then, he gently held Elara's hand and,
"The new Vaan is different, Elara.
I am not playing any games here,
Seraphina doesn't matter anymore,
Everything revolved around you and me now,
I genuinely love you with all my heart, Elara and I want you to stay together with me for the rest of my life."
"…"
Elara turned silent, her face turning even redder than it already was. Then suddenly, Elara freed her hands from Vaan's grip, Vaan frowned, but then, Elara quickly grabbed the bottle of alcohol, poured it into her glass, and,
*Gulp*
She gulped it down in one go.
Vaan blinked a few times.
Elara, on the other hand, stared at Vaan for a second, then, she filled her glass again and,
*Gulp*
She emptied another glass.
Then another, then another, and within a matter of minutes, the entire bottle was emptied.
"You should slow dow-"
"D-Don't say those things out loud!"
Suddenly, Elara shouted.
The strong scent of alcohol coming out of her mouth felt strange, especially considering that this was the mouth of the same woman who would barely speak her mind and was too innocent to even curse properly.
"W-What?" Vaan was clearly taken aback.
"Embarrassing things like that! Saying you l-love me out loud, w-what if someone hears you?" Elara questioned.
"So what?"
"Y-You don't understand! Just don't say those things in front of everyone!"
Elara shouted. Not wanting to discuss this any further.
"Can I say it in private then?"
Vaan questioned with a playful smile on his face.
"Y-You can do that…" Elara's voice was barely audible as she said those words and lowered her head.
"Got it. Then I will say it every day just so you don't forget about it and realize that you are stuck with me."
"Don't do it every day…"
"Then I should just stay silent and not say it?"
"Y-You can do it every once in a w-while. I won't mind that." Elara spoke, Vaan's smile widened and,
"Then I will do it just as you instructed," Vaan spoke, then, he placed Elara's head on his chest.
Elara's head was already heavy because of the heavy dose of alcohol she had consumed, so the moment she placed her head on Vaan's chest, the sense of comfort made her close her eyes, her breathing stabilized, and both she and Vaan could tell that she was about to pass out, but,
"Also…"
Elara spoke up in a weak voice, her eyes still closed.
"Hmm?"
"I am glad that the foolish Vaan is dead…"
"What…?" Vaan was taken aback.
"The new Vaan is good…"
Elara completed.
A small smile appeared on his face as he started gently patting Elara's head,
"Alright alright, you have drunk enough, today's training is over,
Go sleep."
Vaan spoke.
He didn't achieve his goal, however, he achieved something much more valuable today.
He was satisfied.
But,
"I won't sleep!"
Elara shot up.
"What happened?"
"Talk to me. I don't want to sleep!"
"Elara, you should sle-"
"Talk to me!" Elara didn't want this to end just like this.
In the end, Vaan just sighed,
"Alright, what do you want to talk about?"
"I don't know!"
"If you don't know then just sle-"
"I won't talk to you if you don't talk to me." Elara threatened.
The alcohol really was doing its work. Vaan couldn't believe this was the same innocent Elara. However, now that he was threatened, he had no choice but to give in, after all, the threat was just too strong, after all. How was he supposed to live without his fiancé talking to him?
Not to mention Vaan just came up with a great plan.
"Then let us talk about that Elric."
"Senior Elric…?" Elara tilted her head in confusion.
"Yes, him. Why was he trying to talk with you today?" Vaan questioned.
Then suddenly, a playful smile appeared on Elara's face, and,
"Are you jealous?"
"Huh?"
"Is another man approaching me making you jealous?" Elara questioned, her smile couldn't be any wider.
Vaan, on the other hand,
"E-Elara?"
He just couldn't believe what he was seeing.
Elara was… acting smug…?



Chapter 122 Are you trying to apprehend me
"Is another man approaching me making you jealous?"
"E-Elara?"
Seeing Elara smiling at him with a smug look on her face, Vaan stuttered.
"Hehe, jealous Vaan was never something I thought I would get to see~ You look so good when you are jealous~" Elara spoke as she grabbed Vaan's cheeks and treated him like a child.
"Alright Alright, Elara, calm down" Vaan spoke as he slowly grabbed Elara's hands, getting them away from his cheeks.
"Don't stop me~ I feel happy~ I want to pull your cheeks since they feel so good~" Elara resisted, trying to get her hands back on Vaan's cheeks.
Vaan, on the other hand, was facing difficulties, it wasn't just Elara's hands he had to worry about. This girl had left her entire body on him, her body balance was a mess, she could slip from his lap any moment, and her moving around like this didn't help. In the end, Vaan had to take care of his fiancé who was too drunk to care about anything.
She just wanted to pull Vaan's cheeks.
"Stop it!"
Vaan spoke.
"I won't~" And again, he heard a tipsy reply.
"Ugghh! You are the one who forced me." Vaan spoke, then, he tightly hugged Elara, not giving her room to move. Then, he finally held her hands, grabbed a towel placed nearby, and tied her hands up.
"What are you doing?" Elara questioned, her voice still tipsy as ever. Vaan, however, didn't care, once he had tied up her hands, he lifted her up like a princess.
"Are you trying to apprehend me?" Elara questioned.
"Yes, I will make it so you never leave me." Vaan nodded.
"Hehe~ Do that then~
Tie me up."
Elara spoke, closing her eyes and showing no signs of resistance.
Vaan chuckled, then, he walked towards his room with the drunk Elara in his hands.
"Why are we here?" Elara questioned with a confused look on her face.
Vaan, however, didn't say anything and just walked towards the bed. The moment Elara's eyes fell on the bed, she panicked.
"I told you~ I don't want to sleep!" She shouted.
"…"
Vaan didn't say anything.
"Vaan! I won't talk to you if you don't talk to me!" Elara threatened again.
"..." Vaan however, still stayed silent as he climbed on his bed and placed Elara on it with a gentle smile on his face.
"I won't sleep!" Elara complained.
"Don't worry Elara, we won't be sleeping."
Vaan replied.
"O-Oh? Then why did you bring me to your room?"
"Well, you wanted to talk, didn't you? Let's talk here. We have less eyes here, not to mention it is more comfortable."
"But it was more comfortable before~" Elara pouted.
'It was, for you.'
Vaan's face twitched, he was the one who had to take care of a completely drunk woman. Honestly, he wanted to record the entire thing today and then later show it to the sober Elara. He, however, held back the urge to do so, Sober Elara was already shy enough, if he did something like that, Elara would most likely not leave her room for days.
"Is it? But I thought it would be more comfortable here?"
 Vaan whispered as he gently pulled the tied Elara towards himself and held her from behind, his hand resting on her waist and chin on her shoulder.
"…i-it isn't that bad," Elara replied.
A smile appeared on Vaan's face, unable to control his urge, he kissed Elara's neck as he gently moved his fingers around her waist.
Once he felt Elara was comfortable enough, he repeated his question,
"You still haven't told me about Elric."
"Are you really that jealous?" Elara questioned with a big smile as she enjoyed Vaan's warmth.
"I am more worried than jealous."
Vaan clarified.
"Ohh? Worried about what?" Elara questioned with a curious look on her face.
"Someone was trying to approach my lovely fiancé. I already know how beautiful she is, so how could a man have pure intentions while approaching her? What if he tries to take you away from me? What would I do then, hmm?" Vaan spoke.
Then, he moved his mouth close to Elara's ear, and,
"I already told you, didn't I? You are only allowed to be with me now. I am not letting you go, my fiancé."
A jolt of strange feeling rushed into Elara's body as Vaan whispered into her ears, goosebumps rose up all over her body, and,
"Y-You are saying embarrassing stuff again! I told you not to do it." She shouted, her face turning redder.
"Hmm? But you only told me not to say I love you. You didn't talk about this."
"T-This is included as well."
"I understand." Vaan nodded in understanding.
"m-mm." Elara nodded as well.
"Also, Senior Elric is not a bad person."
She spoke.
"Oh?"
Vaan tilted his head in confusion.
"Can you tell me more about him?" He questioned.
"But I don't want the two of you to fight," Elara replied.
"Well of course, why would the two of us fight?" Vaan replied.
Then, in a lower voice, he completed, "A fight happens between two equals, that skinny-looking mage, I will fucking destroy that guy and turn him into my Magic Staff."
"Hmm? What?"
"I said that the two of us won't be fighting, so don't worry. I just want to know more about Senior Elric. You seem to know him quite well, why is that?"
"That's because he was the only one who approached me when I was young," Elara replied.
"Hmm?"
"It happened after Seraphina arrived, so I was only 16 back then, as you know, other children from the Family often bullied me because I didn't have Vesta blood or name, Senior Elric, however, was different, he talked to me without looking down on me because of my name or blood, he even discussed some of the Magic Theories with me and treated me kindly.
Senior Elric is like a big brother to me, this is why I don't want to two of you to be against each other."
Elara spoke and Vaan, who heard that narrowed his eyes,
"Why do I not know about this?"
"How would I know? You used to stay away from me, remember? The previous you was bad bad~" Elara pouted.
Vaan frowned, this made no sense. Even if the previous Vaan was focused on Seraphina, the fact that Elara and Elric were close to each other, this should be something the previous Vaan should have some idea about. Vaan's memories, however, were completely blank.
"Where did the two of you meet?"
"Vaan why are you so silly? How would I remember that? It was such a long time ago~ I was a child with small hands at that time.
I only remember that Senior Elric often came when I was dejected and tried to be there for me whenever I needed him." Elara replied.
"So it was him who used to come meet you? Why did you not visit him?"
"How could I visit him? He is a Direct Descendant of the Vesta Family and I don't even have Vesta Blood."
"But you were Mother's only Pupil, that title alone should be more than enough."
"I didn't wish to use Teacher's name. She already helped me enough as is. Teacher is good~"
Vaan's frown deepened as another question popped up in his mind,
"Then why did Senior Elric stand up for you? If he knew you were being bullied, then why didn't he help you solve it? He was 38 back then and was trying to become a Prospective Heir, so he already had enough influence to solve the problem. Why did he not do that?"
"It is so obvious Vaan~ If someone from Direct Bloodline steps up for me, the situation would only get worse. Senior Elric won't be there for me all the time. He didn't do anything in order to protect me."
"And this is what Senior Elric must have told you, correct?"
"No, I didn't need Senior Elric to tell me that, I understood it on my own," Elara spoke with a proud smile on her face.
"…"
Vaan turned silent.
This might be more of a problem than he initially thought. He needed to look into some things.
"As I said, Senior Elric is not a bad person Vaan. You will understand if you talk to him properly. You were too rude today."
"I was rude?"
"Very rude. Senior Elric only came to say hello but you pushed him away, you acted like how you acted in the past." Elara spoke with a slightly dull look on her face, even her voice lowered as she said the last sentence.
However, since the room was silent, Vaan was able to hear her clearly, and,
"Then why did you not stop me?" he questioned.
Hearing that question, Elara suddenly turned around and looked into Vaan's eyes, then, she made the first move as she buried her face into Vaan's chest, and with a deep blush on her face, she answered,
"That's because I wanted to stay alone with Vaan as well…"



Chapter 123 Vaan good
"That's because I wanted to stay alone with Vaan as well…"
Elara spoke as she buried her face into Vaan's chest.
"O-Oh…"
Vaan on the other hand, was at a loss of words.
His face turned red and in order to hide that from Elara, he placed his hand on top of her head, making sure she would not move away and see his expression.
His heart started beating quickly, Vaan feared that Elara might notice that, however, Elara was too under the influence to sense that. She just felt the extreme comfort in Vaan's arms and closed her eyes.
Vaan's head, on the other hand, were still filled with what Elara said, his reaction was stronger than what he expected. The joy he felt when Elara said those words…
The feeling of accomplishment when Elara indirectly chose him over that Elric bitch, it was foreign to him.
"Vaan…" Suddenly, Vaan heard Elara's voice.
"W-What is it?" He stuttered.
"Talk with me," Elara repeated what she had been saying this whole time.
"R-Right."
Vaan nodded.
"Let me think about something to talk about."
"Think quickly."
"Yes mam."
"Vaan good."
Elara nodded, her eyes were closed and her voice was still as tipsy as ever.
Vaan smiled as he started gently ruffling her hair while his mind thought about different topics to talk about.
Honestly, he wasn't much of an expert in these matters either, the heart of a woman, he never bothered to try and understand it.
Wouldn't hitting your head on a wall be more productive? Why would you bother doing something as useless as trying to understand a woman's heart and win her over when you can simply pay one to skip all the formalities and get what you want?
Well, at least that was what Christopher thought.
Vaan, however, was different. He wasn't someone who had the same thoughts as Christopher anymore.
Being 'acknowledged' by Elara filled his heart with a strong sense of fulfillment the likes of which Vaan or Christopher had never felt before.
'Heh.'
A small smile appeared on Vaan's face as he thought about everything.
He tried to talk about different topics, normally, Elara would stay silent and he had to be the one to carry on the conversation, the drunk Elara however, was different.
Once she started, it was as if she didn't know how to stop.
The roles had shifted, now, Vaan was the listener, only giving his input when asked. Honestly, the sleepy drunk Elara was absolutely adorable in Vaan's eyes. The moment created was so wholesome that sometimes, Vaan felt like he was getting lost in it.
However, no matter how much the drunk Elara wanted to talk, the alcohol she had consumed was stronger than her, soon, it did its magic, and combined with the warmth she felt as she was hugged by Vaan, Elara who couldn't stop talking finally entered the dreamland.
Realizing that she had finally slept, Vaan sighed. There was a feeling of emptiness in his heart, he knew he wouldn't be seeing much of the drunk Elara in the future. After all, he didn't want Elara to become an addicted drunkard.
No matter how much he enjoyed the time he spent with Elara if it came with the cost of her health, Vaan didn't want it.
Also, his final aim wasn't just to get Elara drunk and have her talk to him. This was just him trying to peek into Elara's heart and get to know her better.
His final aim was to get Elara to open up to him and act like this around him without being influenced by Alcohol.
Anyways, soon, Vaan tried to close his eyes as well, but then,
 *Knock* *Knock*
"Young Master Vaan." He heard a knock and Gabel's voice.
Vaan carefully got away from Elara, then he opened the door and with a slightly annoyed look on his face, he questioned,
"What is it?"
"Lord Orion has summoned you and..." Gabel reported and suddenly, Vaan's eyes widened as he quickly glanced at the time.
"Fuck…"
He cursed.
He missed today's training.
"He didn't seem to be in a good mood," Gabel spoke and a fake smile appeared on Vaan's face as he gave into his fate.
'I am fucked…'
…
"Father, please tell me this is all just Lady Astra's doing," Lirael spoke as she read the detailed report of Vaan's actions even since Lirael and other mages had left for the academy.
Seeing her daughter's expression a wry smile appeared on Draven's face,
"I would have loved to say that, I even tried to investigate the entire thing and it wasn't like there weren't any results.
I found out that before Vaan started acting differently, Astra implemented a large-scale forced memory erase on some family servants, however, since the operation was personally handled by Astra herself, there were no loops or openings I could use to get into the details.
All the information regarding that matter is completely wiped out."
"Then why don't we directly ask the Family Head, if we point it out in the next Vesta meeting and use our faction to add to the pressure, she would have to give in eventually, won't she?
I am confident that everything happening is somehow related to that Memory Erase, we need to know what Lady Astra is trying to hide from us."
Lirael spoke as her eyes brightened in hope.
Draven, however, shook his head.
"There is no cause for us to stand up against the authority of the Family Head, nothing bad has happened after the Memory Erase, not to mention the ones who got their memories erased were either servants or mages who were completely loyal to Astra.
So no one would raise any complaints together with us.
This act would simply be labeled as questioning the Family Head's credibility.
It would have been possible if it was a weak Family Head but…
Going against Astra is not an available option right now.
For now, we can only accept that Vaan has changed and need to plan our future actions accordingly."
"But this makes no sense! How could a waste suddenly wake up and say, 'Welp! I am not a waste anymore!'
Not to mention it happened so quickly that no one could tell when this transition actually happened.
How could a pushover who even the kids from the side families jeered at suddenly wake up and turn into a borderline thug who goes around beating anyone he doesn't like?
Not to mention he actually became a 2nd Circle Mage and even researched a completely new Magic Circle that broke more than 50 existing Magic Theories!
How is that possible!?
No matter how I see it, it is a foolishly framed story!"
Lirael burst out.
She was humiliated in the meeting today, therefore, the moment she returned to her room, the first thing she did was to visit her father together with her brother.
Draven already expected his children to come to visit him, he even had his servants prepare a thorough report about recent events so that he and his children were on the same page.
However, just as he expected, the shock was just too great.
"Are you trying to say Astra had come up with all of this on her own? Are you saying that Astra is a fool who would come up with this 'foolishly framed story'? Lirael, we may not be in the same section, however, Astra was someone who had defeated me. Calling her a fool is indirectly insulting me.
Also, didn't you already encounter Vaan once? You even saw his Advanced Magic Circle.
You should have felt it, he is not the pushover as before.
He is a threat.
A threat whom, rather than dismissing everything by calling it forged, the two of you should take seriously."
"…" Lirael turned silent.
This time, however, Vaelen spoke up.
"Do we really have to worry though? Even if Vaan has changed, or let's just say he was hiding his real self and has finally revealed his real self,
Isn't it already too late?
No matter how much 'potential' he might have, in the end, he is only a 2nd Circle Mage, and in Battle of Heirs, he faces me, a 5th Circle Mage, the difference is just too high for his Potential to cover it up, isn't it?
Not to mention the Factions are already made with only a few mages staying neutral. Even if all those mages side with him, the faction created out of them would be too weak to stand against the current two factions.
Even if he has the potential, his timing is just way off for him to succeed."
Vaelen voiced out his thoughts, how could someone like him treat a 2nd Circle Mage as a threat? That was ridiculous.
Draven started at his son for a while, then, he just sighed,
"Did you completely overlook the tension that arose during today's meeting? What? Was your brain in hibernation or something? Or has that whole darn thing rusted away since you have your sister taking care of things for you?"



Chapter 124 Why do you never try to learn from your sister
"Did you completely overlook the tension that arose during today's meeting? What? Was your brain in hibernation or something? Or has that whole darn thing rusted away since you have your sister taking care of things for you?"
Draven spoke as his mouth twitched in anger.
Vaelen's expression changed, not wanting to meet his father's eyes, he turned towards his little sister and Lirael sighed.
"Brother, what you said would have been true if the Family Head was old, if the Battle of Heirs was at its peak where the next Heir had to be chosen as soon as possible.
Right now, however, that is not the case,
Lady Astra is merely 60 years old and since she is an Advance Mage, she can live till she is 150 years old. The Vesta Family is perfectly comfortable with Lady Astra as the Family Head for at least the next 40 to 50 years.
The Battle of Heirs is only at its starting phase and the family is in no hurry to choose the next heir.
Therefore, the Factions we currently have are not stable.
We are talking about cunning nobles who have been doing this for decades, do you truly believe they would stay on a boat if they are offered to jump to ships?
Vaan is someone who researched a Circle that is much more efficient than the Circle the people of this world have been using for 5,000 years, if he shows any Magic Talent, then there is a high chance that many nobles will switch sides and go to him.
The Factions we currently have are not as absolute as you think they are."
Lirael explained the whole situation and Vaelen's face turned grim.
"There is another factor you missed."
Suddenly, Draven spoke up.
Lirael turned towards him and frowned.
"No current Faction is being supported by the Family Head."
Hearing those words, Lirael's frown deepened, "But according to the Vesta Family rules, the Family Head cannot support any Prospective Heirs in the Battle of Heirs."
"Heh, do you truly believe that is the case?" Draven smiled wryly and without him having to explain any further, Lirael's face turned grim.
"Just the fact that Vaan is the son of the Family Head is enough to give him a strong position. The Mages who are completely loyal to Family Head might support Vaan 'on their own accord'.
This would strengthen his Faction to a ridiculous level, even bringing it close to ours without him doing anything." She realized.
"That is correct."
Draven nodded.
"Astra didn't act before because let alone showing any qualities of a promising Mage, Vaan didn't even show any interest in being a Mage or learning Magic in the first place. Even if she wanted, there was only so much Astra could indirectly do if Vaan himself didn't have any goals.
This was why other factions were created and strengthened at a much stronger rate because the only son of the current Family Head didn't seem to be interested in participating in the Battle of Heirs.
Now, however, things have changed.
The son of the Family head was showing interest in these matters.
Not only that, he even announced himself as a Prospective Heir in the Meeting Hall, making his stance clear, and showing that he not only has potential as a Mage, but also as a future Family Head.
This would give Astra enough reason to move.
If she tries then…"
"Then the birth of the Third and the Strongest Faction wouldn't be impossible."
Lirael completed her father's sentence.
Draven nodded.
"…"
Lirael turned silent.
"…" Vaelen, who finally understood the severity of the situation had a solemn look on his face as well.
 "If Vaan's Magic Talent turns out to be above average, it would be problematic for us," Lirael commented. "Him being the creator of the Advanced Magic Circle gives him a too strong of a benefit," Lirael commented.
"We cannot let him reveal his Magic Talent." Suddenly, Vaelen spoke up as well. "We need to cripple his growth."
Vaelen glanced at his sister and seeing that she didn't disagree with him, he confidently turned towards his father.
Draven, however, shook his head,
"There is nothing I can do to help you here.
I am under constant watch."
"Why?" Lirael questioned with a frown on her face.
Draven, however, just turned silent.
How was he supposed to say that Astra had already warned him once and that if he took any further actions, she would retaliate?
The last thing they want is the Family Head purposefully targeting them and if it is the Family Head whose influence is as strong as Astra's this was even worse.
However,
"Of course, the two of you are free to move." Suddenly, Draven spoke as he glanced at his daughter.
Then, a meaningful smile appeared on his face, and,
"No one would get involved in the children's scuffle. Not even the Family Head."
Within a second, Lirael understood what her father was hinting at, and a similar smile appeared on her face,
"No one would like to support a Prospective Heir who often gets into trouble and has an impatient personality."
Draven's smile widened.
This was why he liked this daughter of his, not only was she adequately talented in Magic, unlike his son, she also knew how to use her Head.
She hadn't even been here since Vaan started to change and had just read the reports he had the servants prepare for her, however, just with that, she was already thinking about exploiting Vaan's faults and placing themselves in a better situation.
"If you would excuse me, Father.
I need to take care of a few things."
Lirael spoke as she bowed her head.
"You can leave.
I wish you luck."
Lirael nodded and then, she left the room. Now, the only ones left inside were Draven and Vaelen.
Draven glanced at his son and, "Why do you never try to learn from your sister?"
"Why do I need to do that, Father?" Vaelen tilted his head and questioned.
"It would be helpful if you could properly use your head."
"It doesn't matter, Father. I only need to focus on Magic, getting stronger and protecting my sister.
Lirael is a bright girl, she knows how things around her work and how to make the best out of every situation. Copying her would simply result in trying to be the second her and failing miserably.
This is why I just focus on Magic and try to find my own path and my own way to help my Sister."
"Just say you are lazy, your words might fool others, but I have been watching you ever since you were a small child. Your words cannot fool me."
"It was worth a try." Vaelen chuckled as he lazily stretched his body.
"Just leave the room." Draven sighed.
"Well, as you say." With a smile on his face, Vaelen turned around and then left.
As the two left, Draven's face turned solemn, "Battle of Heirs huh… this brings some bad memories." He muttered, then, he closed his eyes, burying those memories deep in his heart.
…
"Why are you here?" Vaan questioned as he glanced at the woman standing in front of him with a slightly annoyed look on his face.
"Young Master Vaan seemed hurt." Seraphina commented he noticed the black circle around Vaan's face and other bruises that were all over his face.
This was the result of Missing the Training Session…
'That crazy old man… he is much more insane than him...'
Vaan couldn't help but compare Orion to his Father he had in his previous life. Just like Astra, Orion's face was strikingly familiar to his Father in his previous life and it was not just looks, their attitudes were quite similar as well. Even the attitude of beating their child whenever he does something wrong.
The only difference was that since Orion was a strong swordsman and knew where to hit to hurt more and damage less, his beatings were even more merciless.
'Tsk.'
Vaan snorted inwardly as he recalled how Orion mercilessly beat him up in the name of spar.
His body has improved drastically in these last few days thanks to the Stances Orion had taught him, it was to the point where Vaan felt like he was reaching close to his peak strength when he was Christopher.
And this time, since he was much younger and had better technique, Vaan felt like if given some more time, he would soon surpass his previous self.
However, even then, when he sparred with Orion today, he only played the role of a practice dummy, unable to block or dodge even a single one of his father's attacks and ended up in this pathetic state.
"I slipped and fell."
Vaan replied.
Seraphina raised her eyebrow, clearly knowing that this wasn't the injury one would get if they 'slipped', however, Seraphina was smart enough to know when to stop,
"I understand, please be mindful of your steps, Young Master Vaan."
"I will, anyways, why are you here? I don't remember calling you." Vaan questioned in a hurried tone, he was already in pain, he didn't wish to deal with another one.
Seraphina, however, had come with something good,
"I am here to prove my Competence, just as Young Master had ordered me to."
*Thud*
Seraphina spoke as she placed 5 big notebooks she was carrying on the nearby Table.



Chapter 125 Who do you think has the chance to win the Battle of Heirs
"I am here to prove my Competence, just as Young Master had ordered me to."
*Thud*
Seraphina spoke as she placed 5 big notebooks she was carrying on the nearby Table.
"…"
Vaan blinked a few times to show his surprise. Seraphina stood with her hands behind her back so Vaan knew she was trying to hide something, but 5 of these big books,
How did this fragile looking even lift them?
Vaan wondered in his head, Seraphina, however, was oblivious to what he was thinking and picked the first three notebooks.
"These three books contain Spell Directories of around 50 young Mages I know. This one contains the Spell Directories of all the members of the Stormweaver Family. Since most of the Mages in my Family are Wind Mages, some of the Spells might seem similar to Young Master Vaan, but they are not, there are some slight differences in those spells and honestly, those slight differences become quite major in the grand scheme of things.
Young Master can be assured that I have not copied similar spells in the notebooks, since I deemed them useless, however, if Young Master Vaan wants me to, I can bring the Patterns I have left out the next time I come here." Seraphina reported everything clearly.
Then, she picked up the last notebook and
"This one contains all the spells my Father, a 5th Circle Mage uses, his spells are the strongest in our family, so I am sure Young Master Vaan would benefit from them. I have also put in some spells that the previous generation Family Heads used, although I can't find their complete Spell Directories, some of their strongest spells are in there.
In total, there are around 1000 Spells in these 5 Notebooks, it took me 2 days just to copy all these spells from the directories to these notebooks.
Young Master might find that the handwriting in each of those notebooks is different, that is because I had some servants help me copy them. Please be assured that these servants are trusted and I have personally double-checked each of those notebooks for mistakes around 5 times, there should be no mistakes there.
If there is still something I missed, I seek for Young Master's forgiveness."
Seraphina concluded her report with a slight bow and Vaan…
"…"
He was speechless.
Of course, Seraphina had no clue how Vaan's ability worked, so she wouldn't know that spells without the complete spell directories were useless for Vaan. However, this didn't make things any less surprising.
To think this woman would even bring the Spell Directories of all her family members, including the Family Head… not to mention those 50 other Mages' directories she had brought. One had to know, it had only been a week since Vaan had ordered Seraphina to gather spell directories and she had already placed a thousand spells in front of him.
Just…
Just how did she do that…?
"You did well."
Of course, no matter how surprised or impressed Vaan was, he knew he couldn't show it here. Not right now, he still needed to keep a strict front for at least a few more days.
Seraphina was perceptive, she could sense what Vaan was thinking so she didn't react unnecessarily either.
She knew what she had done was risky as well, giving out the Spell Directory of all the members of her family to Vaan was no different than opening up all their secrets in front of him. If these Directories were revealed, Mages could simply prepare a perfect counterattack for each of the Stormweaver Family members' spells, making them absolutely useless in a battle.
This was the reason why rarely any Mage created a Spell Directly even for his or her own reference. A mage with a revealed Spell Directory is no different than a Mage who is full of openings with no defense whatsoever and what Seraphina just did could possibly turn all her family members into such mages, especially when she was not ordered to do so.
Seraphina, however, had a different opinion.
Vaan came from the Vesta Family, he had no reason to study his random Mages' Spell Directories just to study their weaknesses. Seraphina was sure that Vaan was using these Directories for something different, something that is most likely benefitting him a lot, to the point where he even hosted an open challenge to gather more of these Spell Directories.
Seraphina had made up her mind, she would use these directories to get into Vaan's good books. Since Vaan needed these Directories, she would do everything in her power to get them and overwhelm Vaan with so many of them that he wouldn't need them anymore and win some of his trust in the process.
As for revealing her Family members' weakness, well, wasn't Vaan already holding them through their necks? How could things possibly get any worse?
Seraphina was in a position where she didn't have much to lose and this made her plans even bolder than before.
So bold that even Vaan was surprised by her actions.
"Anyways, from the next time, keep the directories you gather to yourself, only bring them to me when I order you to."
Vaan spoke, 1000 was too big of a number, even if only 10% of those spells were useful and belonged to the current elements he had, that was still 100 spells.
There is no way Vaan could learn that many spells when he already has so much to deal with.
 Therefore, rather than piling up his room with these spellbooks and feeling nauseous seeing these books all the time, it was better to just let Seraphina keep everything in her place. She would manage it much better than him anyway.
"Also, divine the Directories according to their elements and the tier of the spells."
"I understand." Seraphina nodded in understanding.
"Good job. Keep up the good work."
Vaan praised. Seraphina nodded again.
Then, Vaan glanced at Seraphina for a while and started thinking. This woman was definitely capable, although he couldn't trust her right now, getting her input on certain things might help him.
Who knows? Looking at things from her perspective might help in certain ways.
"Seraphina," Vaan called out.
"Young Master." Seraphina bowed.
"What do you think about the current state of the Vesta Mansion?"
"I heard that Young Master's siblings are back from the academy, there is also the upcoming Elemental Clash that the Young Vesta Mages must be interested in. Then the-"
"Talk about the Battle of Heirs. Skip the rest." Vaan ordered.
"I apologize, Young Master Vaan, but since my or my family's status is not enough for us to be involved in it in any way possible, I have no opinion of the Battle of Heirs of Vesta Family because the information I have on the matter is severely limited."
"Is that so…"
Vaan nodded in understanding.
He was a little disappointed because he felt like Serpahina's opinion could have been valuable, however, in the end, there was nothing he could do.
"Who do you think has the chance to win the Battle of Heirs according to whatever information you have?"
"That would be Young Master Vaan, of course."
"I think I have already made it clear before, I don't want you to lick my ass, give me the real answer, if you don't have any, just say so," Vaan spoke.
Seraphina glanced at Vaan, then, she replied,
"I am not trying to flatter Young Master here. What I said was truly what I felt. While it would have been impossible before, considering Young Master's attitude towards Magic, now, however, things were different.
First, Young Master Vaan has created a never-before-seen Magic Circle.
Second, Young Master is the only son of the current Family Head.
And last but not least, Young Master is Lady Elara's future husband, and from what I have seen, has a good relationship with her.
With so many reasons in favor of Young Ma-"
"Elara? Where did she come from in this equation?"
Before Seraphina could even complete, Vaan interpreted. He couldn't be blamed either, ever since last night, he felt like he had come closer to Elara, therefore, he was much more reactive to her name now than he was before.
"In my opinion, Lady Elara's being Young Master's fiancé is a great advantage the Young Master has."
"Why is that?" Vaan questioned.
"Because of Lady Elara's extreme talent."
Seraphina answered.
"Explain more clearly," Vaan ordered and then, Seraphina took a deep breath.
"I may not know much about the details, however, one thing that I do know is that, the Vesta Family is trying to find the next heir and no current heirs meet the desired expectation. Some even say that this generation of the Vesta Family is the worst there ever was.
The Vesta Family's silence in this matter only confirms these points even further and in such an uncertain position,
There comes Lady Elara.
The pupil of the current Family Head, a Magic Prodigy whose talent even surpasses that the Lady Astra, one of the most successful Family Heads the Vesta Family had ever seen. A girl like that exists in a time where none of the current Prospective Heirs are capable of even inheriting the Family Head's position.
Lady Elara may not have the Vesta Blood flowing in her veins, but her existence alone shifts the entire dynamic of the Battle of Heirs towards Young Master Vaan just because she is your fiancé. After all, who wouldn't want to support an heir who is supported by one of the most talented mages the world had ever seen?
If capitalized correctly, just Lady Elara's presence is enough for Young Master Vaan to create the strongest faction to support him."



Chapter 126 Be my guinea pigs
"If capitalized correctly, just Lady Elara's presence is enough for Young Master Vaan to create the strongest faction to support him.
Of course, I could be wrong since this is merely an observation made from an outsider's perspective, I am sure there would be many inner factors at play here, so it may not be as grand as I might have imagined in my mind.
However, I will still stand by my words and say having Lady Elara on your side is a huge advantage for Young Master Vaan.
Of course, adding Young Master's own talent would only increase your chances even further.
This is why I believe that Young Master Vaan's chances of becoming the next Head are the highest compared to any other Prospective Heirs."
Seraphina voiced out her thoughts, of course, she also made sure she didn't highlight Elara so much that Vaan might get a feeling of being overshadowed by his fiancé.
Seraphina knew people like Vaan who were born in strong families have strong egos, it is to the point they might even feel insecure and overshadowed by their own fiancé. Seraphina knew better than to offend Vaan with something as foolish as this, so she played on the safe side.
Vaan, on the other hand, didn't care much about that. His mind was thinking about a completely different thing.
"Seraphina." He called out.
"Yes Young Master."
"What if… one of the Prospective Heirs is being… oddly nice to Elara…?
Being there for her when she is bullied by others, visiting her from time to time to check in on her, taking care of her,
What do you make out of this?"
"…" Seraphina stared at Vaan for a while, then, with a strange look on her face, she questioned,
"Can I know who that Prospective Heir is?"
"It is just a random thought, not a real thing."
"…" Seraphina stared at Vaan with a deadpan look on her face.
Both of them knew what the other was thinking so in the end, Vaan stopped playing this game and decided to go for it.
"It is Elric Vesta."
"Lord Elric huh…" Seraphina noted.
"From what I know, he is a 43-year-old 4th Circle Mage, correct?"
"You are well informed."
"Small families like us have no choice but to keep ourselves updated about the Vesta Prospective Heirs."
Vaan nodded in understanding, then, he questioned, "Anyways, what do you think about him, Elric Vesta?"
"He is using Elara or at least that is what he is trying to do."
Seraphina spoke and this time, there was no trace of doubt in her tone.
"…" Vaan narrowed his eyes, Seraphina got her cue and started explaining her reasoning.
"As I said before, having Lady Elara on their side would be a huge advantage for any of the Prospective Heirs. As the Family Head, Lady Astra must have predicted this ever since she recognized her talent and took Lady Elara in as her Pupil.
So in order to protect her pupil from being fooled and taken advantage of by other Vesta children and being the mother she is, she took a decisive step by arranging Lady Elara's engagement to Young Master Vaan. This public commitment discouraged other heirs from pursuing Lady Elara.
Lord Elric, however, didn't seem to have given up.
He must have come up with another plan.
A plan to win Elara's heart. If he manages to do that and then the two of them reveal their love for each other in front of Lady Astra, adding onto the Young Master Vaan's… well, less than ideal treatment of Lady Elara, it is highly likely that for her pupil's happiness, Lady Astra might agree to break off the engagement between Young Master Vaan and Lady Elara.
Lord Elric must be playing on that possibility to get Lady Elara on his side and strengthen his position in the Battle of Heirs."
Seraphina hypothyzed.
"Actually, I would even take a step ahead and say that the bullying Lady Elara faced, it must have been arranged by Lord Elric, just so he could isolate Lady Elara from others and appear next to her, becoming the only 'friend' Lady Elara could turn to and eventually getting her to rely on her before confessing his 'love' for him.
 Lady Elara has a vulnerable personality, so in fear of losing her only friend, it wouldn't be a surprise that she would actually give into Lord Elric's demands and try to break off her engagement with Young Master Vaan.
Of course, all of this is just my hypothesis and I have no proof to back up my claims, however, I am confident that all this is true. I refuse to believe that a Prospective Heir with immense influence in the Young Mages of the Family couldn't solve a single problem of a Young Girl being bullied by her peers.
That makes no sense, especially considering it is Lord Elric we are talking about, he is known for his good leadership skills and has a way to get others to work for him."
Seraphina pointed out.
Hearing her words, Vaan narrowed his eyes.
Actually, Seraphina's theory wasn't a shock to him, he was thinking of something along the same lines as well. His theory, however, was more based on his bias towards Elric and how Vaan didn't like him approaching his fiancé.
This was the reason Vaan discarded his own theory and wanted Seraphina's input in it, now, however, things were much clearer in his head.
Seraphina's words made complete sense, that bastard, he was planning to take his Elara away from him.
Thinking about it, Vaan narrowed his eyes. Seraphina, who noticed his expression thought that she had gone too far, therefore, to calm Vaan down, she spoke up,
"Of course, that plan of his is torn to shambles now. I have seen Young Master Vaan together with Lady Elara a few times now, and every time I see the two of you together, Lady Elara always has a bright smile on her face, she seems genuinely happy around you, so I doubt she would have any reason to accept Lord Elric."
Vaan nodded.
"Thank you for your input, Seraphina. You can take your leave now." He ordered.
Seeing the sudden shift in his attitude, Seraphina found it strange, however, knowing that Vaan was not in his best state, Seraphina decided to leave before she accidentally offended him.
However, just as she was about to leave, Vaan informed.
"Right, that Simp Gene- I mean Roland, he would be appearing in the Vesta Court for consuming Dreamweave and badly influencing the people around him. As you already know, the Vesta Family is taking it quite seriously, there is a high chance he will be imprisoned for at least a decade."
Seraphina momentarily paused.
Then, she turned her head towards Vaan and,
"It was Young Master Ronald's fault for consuming a drug that could potentially destroy not only his but his family's foundation. If he is now caught, then he has no one but himself to blame." She commented with an expressionless look on her face.
"You are quite cold. He is the same man who helped you and your family without expecting anything in return." Vaan spoke with a slight smile on his face.
"I wish him and his family well, however, there is nothing I can do in this situation, thinking about it more when you are powerless to change anything is pointless."
Seraphina replied. "Then I will be excusing myself, Young Master Vaan.
I hope you have a fruitful day."
Then, she finally left.
"…"
Vaan turned silent. His mind still thinking about how there was a bastard who was eyeing his Elara.
'I will kill him.'
Vaan clenched his fists in anger.
Then, he walked out of his room and walked towards Elara's. It was still early and not time for their training yet, however, Vaan wanted to spend some time with his fiancé.
"Oh? If it isn't Young Master Vaan~"
However, as if today's day was just not on his side, he was blocked by an annoying voice.
Vaan turned around, wanting to see from what ugly mouth did this annoying voice come from, and saw 3 Young Mages approaching him with big smiles on their faces.
"Hahaha~ It has been a while, hasn't it, Young Master? How have you been?"
Soon, some streams of memories rushed into Vaan's mind and he realized that these 3 were from some indirect family, and as it was already clear from their tone, they didn't have a good relationship with Vaan.
"What is it? Make it quick, do not annoy me and if I deem this worthless, be prepared for the consequences." Vaan, who was in no mood to play around spoke with in a hurried tone.
"Huh?"
The three Mages were clearly taken aback, they had just returned from the Academy and didn't attend the meeting because their status wasn't high enough to be there.
Yes, these people were completely clueless about what was about to happen to them.
"Heeh? Why are you being so rude, Young Master Vaan? Did you forget about us already? Do you want us to remind you a li-Ugghhhh!"
"Fuck it.
I needed to get some practice in as well.
Be my guinea pigs,
Your face already suits one as is, I'll help you find more similarities."
Vaan spoke and then,
He jumped onto the three Mages and started thrashing.



Chapter 127 A Magic Duel
"Aaagghh! Y-Young Master Vaan!"
"Ugghhh…"
"Guuuhhh..."
"Khawwk! Khawwwkk!!"
"S-Stop! Stop!!"
The three Young Mages groaned in pain and begged Vaan to stop as he jumped over them and started punching them without any mercy.
At first, the three mages were taken aback, none of them expected that Vaan would take such an action, before they could react, Vaan had already punched the one standing in the middle, in just a single punch, the mage could feel his world blurring.
Vaan, however, completely ignored him and turned towards the one standing on the right, this time, however, the other mage dodged the attack, and as if he was already ready for that, Vaan simply ran towards him, taking away any room for dodging the next attack, he aimed at his face, the mage covered his face with both his hands, limiting his own vision and Vaan used this opportunity to ruthlessly kick his abdomen with his knee.
The man coughed, feeling the intense wave of pain coming from his stomach, forcing him to kneel.
One had to know, Vaan was not the same as before, after training with Orion for a good while and doing the set of exercises taught by his father, his strength had increased to an absurd degree. Vaan's blows were much heavier than before.
These three mages were having it rougher than Aldric, Asher, and others.
By now, the third Mage had already came out of his reverie and while Vaan was attacking the second one, he rushed towards him from behind and pushed him.
Or at least that was what he planned to do, however, Vaan quickly sensed his presence, moved gracefully, and used his own momentum against him to throw him on the ground. Then, Vaan punched the first mage on the nose again before kicking his abdomen and smashing his face onto the ground.
Within a minute, the three Mages were lying on the floor, unable to grasp the situation and groaning in pain.
Of course, this didn't mean Vaan was done.
This was just the start.
With his opponents down, he ruthlessly started stomping them all, brutally attacking their faces, not giving them any chance to recover.
The Mages continued to groan in pain, trying to block Vaan's attack by covering their faces with their arms, Vaan however, completely ignored those arms, his blows were so strong that even their arms were hurting and couldn't last long.
"Y-Young Master V-Vaan! S-Stop! W-We admit defeat!"
They had no option but to give in and beg for mercy. Unfortunately, Vaan wasn't one of those forgiving types.
Not to mention that he was already in a bad mood to begin with. He continued to thrash the three mages, attacking them to the point where they could feel their arms burning and trembling in pain.
They were helpless, and in the end, their helplessness turned into anger.
"You fucking bastard! Make sure you kill me now because if you don't, you will pay for today!"
The mage who was attacked first shouted in anger and hearing what he said, Vaan paused.
"What did you say?"
He questioned as he crouched next to the Mage's head. The Mage, however, was not intimidated and,
"I said what I said you waste. You think you are some hot shot just because you attacked me by surprise, you are a stain on the Vesta name, no, you are a stain in the name of Mages!"
"Is that so…"
Vaan muttered.
Then, he grabbed the Mage's hair and,
"You are quite daring I must admit."
"What's daring in it? Do you think we actually fear you? You are nothing more than a waste luckily born as Family Head's only son." The second mage spoke up.
"To say that while lying on the ground with bruises all over you, that is quite amusing as well." Vaan chuckled.
The Mage's mouth twitched and,
"Isn't your face all bruised as well? What? Did they not even use heal on you? Is that the extent to which you have fallen?"
 This time, Vaan was the one whose mouth twitched in annoyance as he recalled what happened before. His father ordered the healers to not use Heal on him because he wanted Vaan to keep feeling the pain as his punishment for missing his training session.
This was the reason why Vaan was going around with bruises all over his face and seeing this man laughing at him, a vein popped on his forehead and,
"The three of you are clearly looking down on me even though you are the one lying on the floor.
'This wouldn't have happened if he didn't take us by surprise.'
This is what you are thinking, aren't you?"
"Do you even need to ask, don't you already know that's a fact? You wouldn't have attacked us like this if you had the balls to face us directly."
Hearing that answer, Vaan's smile widened. "I am feeling quite generous today.
Why don't I give you a chance to prove yourself?" he questioned.
"Heh, that's not a bad way to feel superior, weaken your opponents by attacking them first, then challenge them 'fairly'. As expected of someone like you, no, just the fact that you came up with a strategy like that is already exceeding the expectation most people here had of you, congratulations." The mage laughed.
"Right, a 1v3 Magic Duel between me and you three is obviously unfair for you lot, I should have considered that, I apologize. Do you need any particular handicap?
Should I fight you with my eyes closed or something? Of course, it may not make it fair but at least you won't lose as embarrassingly as you normally would." Vaan replied but this time, rather than being angry, the three mages were all surprised,
"A Magic Duel…? And a 1v3 at that?"
"Heh, do you want to fight all 3 of us together in a Magic Duel?"
"Was I not clear enough already? Or maybe I hit your head too hard?" Vaan questioned.
"You sure got braver since I last saw you, Vaan."
"Heh,"
Vaan questioned, the smile on his face couldn't be hidden anymore.
"So? Would you like to prove your words in an official Magic Duel?"



Chapter 128 I hope the three of you are prepared
"Where are we going?"
Galen, one of the three mages questioned with a curious look on his face.
"Is that head of yours just for decoration? We are going to the Duel grounds of course." Vaan replied.
"Duel Grounds?"
Galen frowned.
"How are we going to fight there? We Young Mages need to book the slot 2 weeks before in order to use it. Only the Mages above 3rd Circle are allowed to use it anytime they wish."
"This is the difference between the main characters and some side pieces meant to be forgotten."
Vaan shrugged as he walked into the Magic Duel Grounds.
Just like he expected, the place was full of hustle and bustle with different mages battling each other in different duel grounds, some practicing their new spells against others while other were simply training the current spells they had, optimizing them to whatever level they could and improving their strength even by a little.
It was the most competitive time in the Vesta Family, with the Vesta children returning from the Academy, the Battle of Heirs being hot and last but not the least, the Elemental Clash that will be held soon.
At times like these, the Magic Training Rooms and the Magic Duel Grounds are always full as all mages work day and night to improve their performance and step higher.
The atmosphere in this place was overwhelming, Vaan then walked towards the counter, the man sitting on the counter glanced at Vaan and seemed surprise,
"Young Master Vaan! What are you doing here?" He questioned. The man had a big smile on his face as he greeted Vaan and seeing that, Galen frowned in confusion.
Something felt different than before.
The moment everyone heard the man at the table, they all paused what they were doing and turned towards Vaan.
Vaan and them had become the center of attention.
"I want to temporarily book a Magic Duel Ground."
Vaan spoke, completely ignoring the rest of the crowd as if he was used to it already.
"Of course, please wait for a second, Young Master Vaan. I will book a slot in your name, the allocated date would be exactly 2 weeks from now on, as for the timings, you will be informed within 9 days." The man spoke, Vaan, however, shook his head.
"I need one right now."
"Young Master Vaan, that…" a strange look appeared on the man's face. The other mages frowned, seeing all this, Galen felt embarrassed, especially considering his face was still bruised.
In anger, he lashed out at Vaan, "Didn't I tell you already!? Only 3rd Circle Mages or above can book a slot instantaneously.
If it is the spar you want, we can do it anywhere. If Young Master Vaan is worried about getting hurt, don't worry, we will go easy on you."
"…"
"…"
The entire place that was filled with hustle and bustle turned deathly silent. This time, even the Mages who hadn't reacted earlier paused what they were doing and turned towards Galen.
The center of attention now was not Vaan, but Galen.
Galen frowned in confusion.
He could sense it. Something was definitely not right.
Before, cursing or making fun of Vaan, whether it was behind his back or in front of him was considered fun, most of the times, people laugh out loud while some jumps in and add in more.
Now, however, things had changed.
All these mages staring at him with surprised looks on their faces, heck, some of them even had pitying looks while others had playful smiles on their faces. It would have been fine if all of this was directed at Vaan but…
'Why is everyone acting so strangely?
Did I miss something…?'
Galen thought inwardly, however, before he could think too much,
 "Young Master Vaan." Suddenly, a Mage called out.
Vaan turned towards him, the mage then bowed his Head and,
"I booked this Magic Duel Ground 2 weeks ago, although I have used 1 of the 2 hours I have received, if Young Master wants, he can use this place for the rest of the time."
"Huh? Why would Young Master Vaan use your ground when you only have 1 hour left, Young Master Vaan, I am a 3rd Circle Mage, I can book the Slot for you in my name, I also have the authority to book this place for 3 hours, so if Young Master Vaan is willing, then please allow me to help you."
Another Mage spoke up as he bowed his head.
"Young Master Vaan, I can help as well!"
Soon, more and more mages stepped forward, trying to help Vaan and wishing to get close to him.
Heck, some mages even started cursing others, trying to get Vaan to choose them instead of others. Of course, not everyone was doing the same, Vaan may have turned into a prospective heir, but that didn't mean he was the most popular, some of the mages here supported other heirs so they didn't make a move.
However, this much was already enough to shake Galen and the other two mages who were here to challenge Vaan.
What was happening?
Why are all these Mages trying to curry favor with Vaan?
Why were they all treating him with so much respect?
Was it because he was the son of the Family Head?
No, that doesn't make sense. The Vesta Family doesn't operate that way…
Then why…?
They had only been away from the Vesta Mansion for a year, what could possibly happen in a single year for the people to change to this extent?
What did Vaan do?
All these questions filled the Mages' minds, however, the biggest question out of them all was,
Did they think the right thing by accepting Vaan's challenge?
And as if he read their minds and wanted to answer their question, Vaan, who was now standing in one of the Magic Duel Grounds, spoke with a big smile on his face,
"I hope the three of you are prepared, my guinea pigs."



Chapter 129 No Surrender
"I hope the three of you are prepared, guinea pigs."
Vaan spoke with a big smile on his face. It was not just him, the other Mages, who knew how much Vaan had 'changed', all had smiles on their faces as well. From the way Galen and the other mages were talking, it was easy to guess that they didn't know what had happened in the Vesta House in the past few weeks.
Everyone here knew that these 3 Mages were in for a big awakening and they were all here for it, excited to see how this was going to end.
Galen and the other two mages narrowed their eyes in confusion.
Seeing everyone smirking at them, they felt embarrassed.
"I hope you are prepared as well, Young Master Vaan!
Because we are not going to go easy on you." Saying those words, Galen bravely stepped into the Magic Duel Ground and his two friends followed behind him.
Soon, a 4th Circle Mage who was chosen to be the judge of the match stepped up, looking at both parties, he spoke,
"The Rules of the Duel would be the same as any normal Duel, do both parties agree?"
"Yes-"
Galen nodded, however,
"I do not.
I want to change one rule."
"Huh?"
The three Mages and the judge frowned,
"What would you like to change, Young Master Vaan?" The judge questioned.
"Remove the option to surrender.
The Duel should continue till one party passes out." Vaan then looked into Galen's eyes and, "How about it? Do you have the balls to agree?"
"Until one party passes out…?"
Galen muttered.
"It won't be fun if the other two surrenders when I am done with the first one, would it? These people were generous enough to give us their Slots, the least we could do is entertain them with a good show, don't you think?" Vaan questioned with a playful smile on his face.
"Of course, you can always disagree if you are a pussy."
"Heh, removing the option to surrender huh?
I just hope Young Master Vaan does not regret this later."
Galen's smile widened.
Taking that as a yes, the judge nodded.
"The Rules of the duel are clear, the first party to pass out will lose, killing is forbidden, I wish to two parties the best of luck.
Now,
Start the duel."
Saying those words, the judge stepped back.
The three Mages quickly summoned their Magic Circles, all of them were 2nd Circle Mages, this was the reason why they were so confident about this.
Vaan was unreasonably strong, his fists were heavy, his reaction speed was fast and he seemed to be experienced in close-distance combat.
Which, of course, was their weakness since they were mages.
They didn't know how a waste like Vaan turned into such a fine fighter, however, what they did know, was that Vaan stood no chance in front of them when it came to Magic Duel.
After all, how could a mere 1st Circle Mage stand against three 2nd Circ-
 "…what?"
Suddenly, Galen's expression changed.
Vaan had summoned his Circles.
He summoned 2 Circles!
H-He was a 2nd Circle Mage!
And that was not the scariest part,
"W-W-What are those circles!?" Kaelen, another Mage who stood in the Magic Duel Ground questioned as he pointed at the Magic Circles Vaan had summoned.
He had even stopped summoning his circles, that was how shocked he was and how could he not be? Vaan's Circles were completely different than normal circles he knew about.
"There it is! To think I would get to see the Advance Circles everyone was talking about!"
Suddenly, a mage who was witnessing the Duel spoke, his eyes shining brightly, showing his excitement.
"Heh, this is the second time I am seeing the Advance Circles yet they are still as mesmerizing as the first time I saw them." Another Mage commented.
"Wait, you were there when Young Master Vaan was challenged by those mages?"
"Indeed, I saw everything with my own eyes. I saw how Young Master overwhelmed all the mages using his Circles. That was quite an eye-opening experience."
"Then you must have seen how strong the Advance Magic Circles are, correct?"
"Of course. As I said, Young Master absolutely overwhelmed his opponents, of course, his opponents were quite weak since they were not from the Vesta Family and the spells they had were inefficient, but the way Young Master Vaan defeated them made it clear, their spells didn't matter.
With Young Master's Advance Circles, it was only a matter of how long they could last without getting hit, the difference between the two was simply too high."
"What do you think about those three, the Advance Circles may be strong, but can they allow Young Master Vaan to win a 1v3?"
"Well, that is about to be revealed, isn't it?"
The mage replied and as he did,
*Whoosh*
Vaan fired the first Spell, his favorite, Fire Spike.
Of course, a Spike that was boosted by 12 Inner Circles.
*BOOM*
A huge explosion was heard, all three mages jumped back, dodging the spike. However, even though the Spike didn't hurt them, sensing its unnatural power, they all widened their eyes in disbelief.
"I-Is this the result of those weird Circles?" Kaelen spoke with a horrified look on his face.
However,
"Don't think too much!
We can't let our guard down, he is stronger than we expected, however, that doesn't change the fact that there are three of us and just him alone.
We can still win this, spread out!
His spells may be stronger than normal, however, if he could only target one of us, the other two can attack him back.
Don't lose hope!
We can still win this!"
In the end, the three of them were still Vesta Mages who were sent to the Academy to represent the Vesta House.
They may not be the strongest of the lot but they were much different than the mages Vaan fought before. All three of them were capable of joining the Elemental Clash and performing well in it.
Soon, the three mages got themselves together and spread out evenly, they made it such that Vaan couldn't get them all in one attack and started summoning their circles again.
It was time for their counterattack.
Galen, who was a Wind Mage, quickly summoned a wind spear, the spear quickly shot towards the second Fire Spike that was coming towards them.
*BOOOM*
The Spear and the Spike collided and another explosion was heard, however, the difference between the strength of the spells was clear as the Fire Spike simply destroyed the Wind Spear and continued with its path.
"Heh."
Even though his Wind Spear was destroyed, Galen smirked.
The wind spear had already achieved its goal, and that was to slow down Vaan's Fire Spike. He had enough time to cast a defense spell and not only that,
"Fire Ball!"
"Earth Spike!"
His team members now had the chance to openly attack Vaan from other sides as well.
2 spells rushed towards Vaan, each coming from a different direction.
Normally, this would be a bad situation, Vaan, however, was not a normal Mage.
He started running.
"Huh?"
"Huh?"
"What…?"
The audience and the three mages all blinked in surprise. The two mages however, quickly activated Direction Manipulation and started chasing Vaan.
Vaan continued to run as he gathered the surrounding Mana to cast another spell, the two spells followed him, with how quickly they were catching up, the difference in speed was clear.
If Vaan couldn't do anything, he would get shot by the spells and the duel will be over.
But what could Vaan do?
He was running away, no Basic Mage was capable of casting a spell as he runs, and without being able to cast a spell, Vaan couldn't block the attack.
Not to mention Vaan was a Fire Mage, even if he could cast a spell, not many Fire Spells were capable of blocking both Fire Ball and Earth Spike in such a short.
But then,
Water Shield
Vaan casted another spell.
As he did, the three mages widened their eyes in horror.
"H-How is that possible!?" Galen questioned.
How was Vaan casting a Spell as he ran!?
Also, wasn't he a Fire Mage? How did he cast a Water Spell!?
Did he perhaps use an Instant Spell?
Galen wondered, soon, however, he shook his head, he clearly saw the Circles being summoned and the spell casted.
Then…
Was Vaan one of those Duel Elemental Mages!?
That was the only possibility.
A Duel Elemental Mage capable of casting spells as he runs, not to mention those absurd Magic Circles he uses…
Just thinking about all this gave Galen and the other two mages a big headache.
His nightmare, however, had just started.
"Flamey, Splashy!"
Vaan called out his trump cards.
"Krrii!!"
"Guruu~"
Two adorably creatures appeared around him.
"I will be leaving the Spell creations to you two."
"Krrii!"
"Grruu!"
The two fairies nodded as they took control over Vaan's Mana,
And then,
Vaan ran towards Galen with a big wide smile on his face.
"Take at least 100 punches before you pass out, piggy."



Chapter 130 You should have done it sooner
*Splash*
"Haa!
Haah… Haah… Haa…"
Water was splashed over Galen's face and he was forced awake. His vision was still blurry however, he could see a figure right in front of him, looking at him with a crazy smile on his face.
Galen then looked around and as his vision slowly cleared up, he found his two friends lying on the ground, unconscious. As he tried to assess the situation, his eyes fell on the crowd that had surrounded him, looking at him with strange looks on their faces and soon,
Galen understood.
His fuzzy head cleared up and he finally recalled how he ended up in this situation.
They lost.
And they lost overwhelmingly.
Vaan was on a completely different league. It was not just his different Magic Circles or how he could cast while he ran, that man overwhelmed them in every single aspect.
He knew the weakness of every spell they cast as if he already knew and had analyzed that spell, of course, the cases where mages use the same spells were not uncommon. Of course, the Magic Patterns they use to cast those spells would always be different, but that didn't mean the spell itself would be different.
This was especially common in the case of beginner Mages, spells like Fireball, Watershield, Windspear, because of their overwhelming strength compared to their level, many mages used these spells often and in some cases, the structure they used for the said spells were same as well, making the two spells exact copy of each other.
But even then, the fact that Vaan knew the structure, the weakness, and the counter for every single one of their spells as if he himself knew how to cast those spells,
This made no sense.
They were 2nd Circle Mages, even if their spells could be called basic, the use of inner circles and variations in the Patterns that they came up on their own wasn't something that anyone could know.
The sheer number of spells one would have to study to reach that level is…
Only a Mage with decades of experience could do something like that and even in that case, doing so would be foolish since rather than wasting their time studying weaker spells for such a long time, it would be much better to learn advanced spells.
"Oh? You are awake, I thought it wouldn't work this time like it happened with others. Guess you are much more resilient than others huh?
Well, good for you, it seems I won't have to use the boiling hot water to wake you up."
While Galen was thinking all this, he suddenly heard a voice.
His eyes then fell on Vaan who was smiling at him like a crazy mage looking at the target of his experiment, behind him, Galen could see a water ball floating in air, a water ball that was being heated up by a fireball to the point bubbles were coming out of it.
Galen's eyes widened in horror when he saw that.
To think this bastard was about to pour all that boiling hot water right on his face, was he crazy!?
Soon, however, Galen got his answer.
He was.
He was definitely crazy enough to do that.
What sane person would hit someone till they pass out and continue that again, again and again?
This is what Vaan had been doing ever since the 'duel' was over, he hit him till he passed out, then he moved to the next one and did the same before continuing the same again.
What round was it?
Sixth? Or was it the Seventh?
He couldn't even remember it anymore, however, he did know one thing.
Only a crazy bastard like Vaan could do it.
"Honestly, that is pretty unfortunate, I wanted to see how a passed-out person would react if I poured hot water on their face, guess I would need to experiment that in the next round." Vaan shrugged.
Then, he looked into Galen's eyes and after snapping his fingers, he asked,
"Are you ready for another round of beating?"
 The moment he said those words, Galen quickly recalled the previous session and his whole face stung from the pain he previously felt.
It didn't take long for his suppressed fear to act up, combining this with the boiling water that was about to be poured onto his face, Galen quickly gave in and,
"Lirael Vesta."
He spoke.
"Oh?"
Vaan, who was about to punch Galen again paused.
"Lady Lirael was the one who sent the three of us."
"You finally gave in huh?"
Vaan spoke with a playful smile on his face.
"There is no point in going through all this for someone like Lady Lirael.
Just as Young Master said, she is someone who sent us to Young Master even though she knew how much Young Master had changed. In her eyes, we were just lab rats whom she wanted to use to test the waters.
She does not deserve our loyalty."
Galen spoke and hearing those words, Vaan's smile widened.
"See? How easy would it have been if you did this from the start? Making me work so much before telling me something I already knew. Tsk." Vaan snorted.
'I would have done it if you had given me the chance to do so.'
Galen spoke inwardly as he clenched his teeth.
Vaan was much stronger than before, there was no way someone like Lirael wouldn't know it, but even then, for her to specially order them to bully Vaan…
When Vaan pointed it out, the three mages quickly realized that they had been played, they actually wanted to say Lirael's name right away, however,
Vaan didn't listen and continued to hit them without giving them a chance to say anything.
"Oh well, now that you have finally given up, I think we can end this now." Suddenly, Vaan spoke up.
Galen's face brightened up, however, before he could be too happy, he saw Vaan clenching his fist again and,
*Bam*
His eyes widened in horror.
"Y-Young Master V-Vaan!?"
He spoke out loud, unable to understand why Vaan was hitting his again, but then,
"What? Did you forget the rules?
The duel won't end unless one party passes out.
Your other two friends have already passed out, so it is just you left.
So endure a little will you."
Vaan spoke and then,
*Bam*
A series of punches rained on Gilen's face.
This was the day Galen had decided,
Whether it was that bitch who saw people nothing more than her tools, or the crazy bastard of a mage who punched people before talking to them,
He would stay away from all the Direct Descendants or these so called Prospective Heirs.
This foolish game, he will not be playing it anymore.
…
The 'Duel' soon ended, with the three Mages down, Vaan quickly stood up and looked around with a fresh smile on his face.
"Did you all enjoy the show?"
He questioned.
Weird smiles appeared on the crowd's faces.
Most of them had heard that Young Master Vaan's were… out of the ordinary, but this…?
This was definitely a little too extreme.
Even people who witnessed Vaan in action before, they were taken by surprise as well. At the very least, during the challenge, Vaan stopped after his opponents lost consciousness,
But to think that this time, he would pour water right on their faces to wake them up before hitting them away.
What in the hell…
The Mages didn't know what to think of it.
Some of these Mages actually wanted to come serve Vaan and support him as the next Family Head, however, after witnessing what he did today, he decided to hold onto that thought for a while.
Vaan's personality… it was a little too rough.
They weren't sure if this man was suited to be the Family Head.
Yes, this act was Vaan definitely didn't do much in his favor, however,
It wasn't entirely useless either.
'I need to be careful around him…
He is a crazy bastard.'
In the minds of those who actually supported other Prospective Heirs and saw Vaan as a potential enemy, his actions had created an impact. He had planted a seed of fear into their mind.
Even though he was only a 2nd Circle Mage, he displayed his Magic Superiroty, the fact that he was the strongest 2nd Circle Mage here, and the fact that he would continue to remain the strongest in whatever tier he is in because of his Advance Magic Circles,
He etched that into their minds, making them think twice before they make any moves.
Being a lot older than him, the number of ways in which his dear brothers or sisters could interfere with his life were extremely limited.
Actually, the only way they had was to use these mages who were at the same level as him and could directly challenge him.
However, with his actions today, not many mages would dare to stand in front of him.
Just this alone would cut his siblings' available options by 80%.
And by the time they would think about the 20% options they have,
It would already be too late.



Chapter 131 You kissed me
Elara stirred in her bed, her head throbbing with an intensity that felt like a thousand drums pounding in unison. Slowly, she opened her eyes, squinting against the morning light that streamed through the window.
A wave of dizziness washed over her, and she groaned, her hand moving instinctively to her pounding temples. The memories of last night were still fuzzy, as if they were hiding in the depths of her mind, waiting to resurface.
"Ugghhh…" She groaned in pain. This was the first time she had ever consumed alcohol, and she didn't drink a small amount either, she drank glass after glass without stopping, it was to the point where even Vaan got worried.
Drunk Elara was a completely different person.
However, now the sober Elara had to face the consequences.
And one of those consequences was the unbearable pain in her head that made her feel like her head would simply burst apart. It was so intense that Elara didn't even want to open her eyes anymore.
"Oh ho? You finally woke up!
You slept quite a lot for someone who didn't wish to sleep and stubbornly wanted to keep talking.
'I won't talk to you if you don't talk to me!' you said."
Sudden, Elara heard a voice.
A voice that overpowered all the headache and dizziness she was feeling and she was jolted awake.
Her eyes widened as she looked around, taking in her surroundings. It didn't take her long to realize that she was not in her own room, she was in Vaan's room. Panic surged through her, she instinctively pulled the bedsheet closer to her as her face turned red.
Then, like a kid who had been caught making a mistake, she glanced at Vaan with the most innocent yet guilty look ever.
Vaan was sitting on a nearby chair, observing his fiance's expressions with a playful smile on his face.
How could he not?
After giving in to her demands and doing whatever she told him to do for the entire night, it was finally time to reap the rewards.
It was time when the sober Elara would recall what the drunk Elara did and all the expressions the sober Elara makes during the entire process, Vaan was going to burn them all into his eyes.
"Good morning, Fiancee~"
Seeing that smile on his face, a fresh wave of embarrassment coursed through Elara's veins.
"V-Vaan!" Elara exclaimed, her voice trembling as she met his amused gaze.
Vaan's smile only widened, and he leaned back in his chair, his eyes dancing with amusement. "Did you sleep well?" He questioned. "Well of course you did, you put on quite a show last night, after all. You must be tired after that."
Elara's cheeks turned a deeper shade of red, and she lowered her gaze, unable to meet his eyes. "W-What did I do…? I… I don't remember much," she admitted sheepishly.
"Of course you don't."
Vaan chuckled.
Then, he looked right into his finace's eyes and,
"You jumped right on top of me and kissed me saying how much you loved me.
It wasn't just a normal kiss either,
You kissed me on the lips."
Vaan spoke as his face turned red, then, with a playful look on his face, he tried to 'avoid' Elara's eyes and,
"I was quite embarrassed."
"W-W-W-What!?"
Elara's eyes widened in shock.
"I-Is that true!? No! T-That can't happen! I c-couldn't have done that!"
"Are you saying I am the one who kissed you on the lips?" Vaan questioned.
"Ye- w-wait No! T-That's not what I meant! But I didn't kiss you either!"
 "So I am lying?"
"…"
Elara turned silent.
She had no answer to Vaan's words. Her memories were fuzzy, however, this didn't mean there was a big blank in her head, she knew the things she did yesterday was something she would normally never do, however, she was absolutely sure that she wouldn't kiss Vaan on the lips.
That was simply not possible. She was not brave enough, even if she was under the influence of alcohol.
B-But…
Vaan said that she actually did kiss him…
Did she really…?
How could she do something like that…?
How cou-
"Alright alright, don't beat yourself up like that, I am just joking, you didn't kiss me." Suddenly, Vaan laughed out.
A big sigh of relief came out of Elara's mouth, then soon, her relief turned into anger and, s
"Why would yo-"
"I was the one who did it."
Vaan completed his sentence and Elara froze.
"W-What…?"
Her anger flushed out in an instant, with her eyes wide open, she glanced at Vaan, wanting more explanation.
Vaan's smile widened, he then jumped onto the bed and crawled towards his fiancee with a playful look on his face. Elara's heart rate shot up. Her eyes were stuck on Vaan, the closer he got, the stranger she felt, however, even then, she couldn't just look away and watch as her fiancé crawled all the way from the corner of the bed to her.
"Y-You kissed me…?" she questioned.
"You were just so defenseless that I couldn't control myself," Vaan spoke, then, he playfully licked his lips and,
"It was quite tasty."
Elara's face turned as red as a tomato.
Vaan could swear that he saw smoke coming out of his head but maybe that was just him seeing things.
Things like that don't happen in reality.
Of course, he wasn't done with his games yet,
"Your forehead I mean, kissing it felt quite refreshing."
"M-My forehead?"
Elara's expression changed as she looked into Vaan's eyes.
"Hmm? Why do you look so surprised?" Vaan tilted his head in confusion.
"Y-You were talking about kissing my forehead?" Elara questioned.
"Of course, what else would it be?"
Vaan questioned back with a confused look on his face.
"O-Oh…" Elara muttered.
There was a strange expression on her face.
It was… relief and… disappointment…?
"Wait, what were you thinking about, Elara?" Vaan questioned.
"N-Nothing." Elara shook her head as she looked away. Vaan, however, followed her gaze and appeared in front of her eyes,
"C'mon now Elara, don't try to hide it from me, tell me,
What were you thinking about?" Vaan whispered like a devil.
"I-It is n-nothing."
Elara's voice trembled and then, Vaan decided to drop the bomb,
"Were you thinking about a kiss on the lips?"
"…"
Elara didn't say anything, however, seeing how her skin got even redder, her thoughts couldn't be any clearer, not just to Vaan alone, even Elara didn't bother defending herself.
"Haha~ you are thinking too much, Elara.
Our first lip-to-lip kiss, there is no way I would do it on the day where I know you are not in your right mind and would forget everything the next day.
How would that be any fun?" Vaan spoke.
Then, a playful smile appeared on his face and,
"A special moment like that, I would want you to be in your right mind so you can recall that moment whenever you want in your life,
For example,
The you right now."
Vaan spoke and then,
He sealed Elara's lips.
In just a single moment, Elara's brain stopped functioning. Her body froze, there was no change in her expression, no surprise, no embarrassment, nothing, everything happened too quickly for her to react properly.
It was as if her soul was sucked into a completely different world.
Elara only came out of her reverie when she saw Vaan looking at her with a smile on his face.
"See? Now this is the moment none of us would ever forget,
Our first kiss."
He spoke.
Of course, Vaan may be acting all brave right now and his bluff was working since Elara's mind had too many things to intake to notice, however, any normal person would be able to see a slight blush on Vaan's face as well.
He was embarrassed as well, his heart was beating like crazy as well.
Elara's lips, they felt… soft… and precious.
It was a feeling Vaan couldn't properly describe.
Honest, his mind was still thinking about it however, right now, it was more important to be the one controlling the situation. After all, Sober Elara wasn't someone who would take the lead, he needed to keep playing that role if he wanted this relationship to continue any further.
"O-Our first kiss…"
Elara muttered with a blank look on her face.
Seeing her expression, Vaan suppressed his feelings and with a confident smile on his face, he looked into Elara's eyes and,
"How was it? Did you enjoy it?"
Of course, he wasn't really expecting an answer knowing how shy Elara was, but then,
"Do it again."
She muttered.
"…what?" Vaan blinked, unable to comprehend what his fiancée just said.
"I didn't feel it.
Do it again.
Kiss me again."
Elara spoke, her voice and her eyes clearer than ever.
Vaan gulped, this time, he had to admit it.
He was intimidated.
He didn't know Elara would be this direct.
Was this really his Elara?
Was she still under the influence of alcohol?
Many questions filled his mind,
However, right now, he didn't care.
Everything else was secondary, right now, he had to make the move.
Thinking that,
Vaan leaned forward and their lips met again.



Chapter 132 There is no way I would choose you over my little girl
Vaan walked out of his room with a lost look on his face. Then, a weird smile appeared on his face and,
"He… hehe… hehehe~"
He smiled like a creepy old man as he recalled what just happened.
To think he would kiss Elara twice in a single day and to think Elara would be the one who would ask for the second kiss.
Elara never ceases to surprise him.
She may come out as a shy girl who often fails to stand up for herself, however, she shows quite a strong side sometimes.
Just like how she did just a few moments ago.
"N-N-Now leave! I want to sleep more!"
The second kiss wasn't as short as the first one. The first time, both individuals were inexperienced, for Elara, it was her first kiss, not that it would have mattered since her mind couldn't even react to the kiss. As for Vaan, well, although it was not his first kiss, the previous experiences he had were all as Christopher and none of the women he kissed were actually as close to his heart as Elara was.
He had often heard others talk about how their first kiss was Exciting, Memorable, Breathless, Magical, Timeless, Tender, and all other things, he had heard how people often found their hearts beating continuously and how they couldn't control their emotions even after the kiss had ended.
Christopher couldn't relate to these feelings. For him, his first kiss was simple contact between lips as he fucked the girl in front of him. There were no feelings involved and he called all the people who described their first kissed as such dramatic.
Today, however, he finally understood.
He finally understood what the first kiss actually meant.
That timeless feeling where he couldn't recall anything other than that tender feeling on his lips, Vaan couldn't describe it but he could now understand it.
And the more he understood it, the more dazed he was.
Elara, on the hand, was too embarrassed the moment she realized what had happened. Especially considering that she was the one who asked for it.
Her body moved on its own, she quickly lay on the bed and covered herself with the blanket as she shouted, wanting Vaan to leave.
Hearing his words, Vaan came out of his reverie,
"W-What…? You want to sleep more? But didn't you just wake up? You have already slept for 18 hours already." Vaan replied, his mind still wasn't clear enough to come up with a witty reply.
"I still want to sleep more! Please leave the room!" Elara shouted, still not showing her face. However, Vaan didn't have to see her face, he could already imagine her face resembling a tomato. He had seen that face countless times these last few hours, after all.
A playful smile appeared on his face and, "But it is my room, shouldn't you be the one to leave?" He questioned, wanting to see how Elara would react.
But then,
"…it would be my room in the future since it is usually the wife who takes care of these things. So leave."
Elara replied and Vaan just blinked in surprise.
What else was he supposed to do?
J-Just what the hell was going on with his lovely fiancée?
How is she coming with comebacks which even he had no reply to?
"A-Alright, I'll be taking my leave, my Future Wife."
In the end, Vaan had no choice but to give in to his wife's demand.
And this is how he came to the present situation, where he was roaming outside his room, not knowing where to go.
He wanted to visit the library but honestly, given how his mind couldn't stop thinking about the precious experience he just had, he knew going there was a waste of time.
In the end, he just sighed deeply and decided to visit his mother.
There were quite a lot of things he wanted to discuss with his mother, he was also feeling sleepy so his mother's room was a perfect choice.
Making up his mind, Vaan quickly walked towards Astra's room and knocked on the door.
"Come in."
 Astra ordered.
"Mother." Vaan greeted with a big smile on his face.
Looking at her son, a fresh smile appeared on Astra's face, and,
"I have been waiting for you, come in, my dear son." She spoke and suddenly, Vaan raised his eyebrow.
Astra didn't refer to him as 'my dear son' very often.
'Something's wrong.'
Vaan could tell it the moment he walked into the room. The air around his mother definitely felt different than normal.
"Have a seat," Astra spoke as she pointed at the bed.
Vaan carefully sat on the bed as he saw Astra coming towards him. Then, Astra's hand moved, her speed wasn't fast, it could even be called slow in Vaan's eyes since he has been training with his father and his reaction speed had gotten much faster than before.
However, even then, when Vaan tried to move away and dodge her mother's hand, he failed to do so and Astra instantly grabbed his right ear.
"Aakhh!! It hurts!" Vaan cried in pain.
"You rascal, you dare make my cute daughter-in-law consume alcohol?" Astra questioned as she twisted Vaan's ear.
"H-How did you know?" Vaan questioned.
'Was it Gabel?' he thought inwardly.
"Don't blame that man, this time, even he tried to hide it from me. If I didn't have other sources, you would have fooled me." And as if she could read his mind, Astra replied.
"I need to punish that butler as well. To think he would actually side with you when I am the one who hired him."
Soon, however, Astra shook her head and,
"But that is not the issue right now," She twisted Vaan's ear to the point it turned red and, "How dare you make my daughter-in-law alcohol? Not only that, you even had the balls to take her in your room? Boy, do you have a death wish?"
"Acckkk!" Vaan cried in pain as he tried to tilt his head in the direction in which his mother was twisting his ear in order to lessen the pain. "Why do you keep forgetting that the reason that girl is your daughter-in-law is me, your son! You are supposed to be on my side!"
Vaan complained.
"Your side my foot! There is no way I would choose you over my little girl!"
"But I am your son!"
"Haah… if only that girl was my real daughter." Astra sighed as she shook her head.
"Thank god she is not." Vaan sighed in relief.
"Else I would have been forced to commit incest."
"What did you say?" Astra raised her eyebrow.
"Nothing."
"I really want to beat you up." Astra commented as she finally left Vaan's ear alone. Then, with a playful smile on her face, she looked into her son's eyes and,
"So? How far did the two of you go? You didn't go all the way, did you? I would actually beat you up if you did that before marriage."
"Mother! What are you talking about? Of course, I didn't. She was drunk, if I do it, it would be whe- no wait, why are you taking to much interest in your son's private life? Please give me some privacy."
"Privacy?" Astra raised her eyebrow as she then snapped her fingers. "You really want a beating, don't you?"
"I-I am an adult." Vaan didn't back down.
After all, he had a trump card,
"I don't think Elara would be comfortable if you act like that in front of her."
"…" Astra turned silent.
Then, she just shook her head.
Well, of course she knew better than anyone how to respect her son's privacy, she has eyes all over the Vesta Mansion, however, as she learned Vaan and Elara were together, after confirming their safety, she personally erased the memory of the mage who was keeping an eye on them while they ate and drunk together.
A couple should be given their personal time, Astra knew this better than anyone.
"Mother, you should know about him as well, correct?"
Suddenly, Vaan questioned.
Astra glanced at her son, her playful smile then disappeared and,
"Who are you talking about?" She asked, just to be sure.
"Elric Vesta."
"Oh."
Astra realized.
"Did she tell you?" Astra questioned, but then, another theory popped into her mind, and,
"Wait, was this the reason you made her drink?"
"I will not deny I had this in my mind."
Astra narrowed her eyes,
"I will excuse you today, but I don't want it to be repeated in the future, no matter what.
That girl is innocent, do not use it against her."
"I swear whatever I do, I will not hurt her." Vaan's answer was clear.
Astra calmed down a little and then,
"What do you want to know?" She questioned.
Vaan then looked into her mother's eyes, then with eyes that Astra had never seen before, he questioned,
"Can I kill him?"



Chapter 133 It is your fault
"Can I kill him?"
Vaan questioned with a serious look on his face.
That was how annoyed he was.
That bastard dared to eye his Elara, it didn't matter if it was because of the influence Elara had or whether he actually liked her a lot, just Elric trying to take his Elara away from him was enough for Vaan to treat him as a mortal enemy.
And how did Vaan deal with his enemy?
He killed them when he had the chance. Only a dead enemy was the enemy Vaan liked, he didn't want any bastard coming after him from behind, therefore, Vaan didn't leave any lose ends.
He was a thorough man.
This 'threat' named Elric, Vaan wanted him gone for good.
However,
"Are you out of your mind?" Astra questioned as she glanced at her son with a ridiculous look on her face.
She couldn't believe what her son was saying.
"You know that man is eyeing on my fiancée," Vaan replied.
"…"
Astra however, didn't say anything and continued to stare at him.
Feeling the need to explain himself further and give more justification, Vaan continued, "He even ordered others to bully her and turned her into an outcast to manipulate her into thinking that he is her only friend. He psychologically abused my fiancée, how am I supposed to stay silent after learning all that?"
Even though he had taken out some of his anger on those fools who had challenged him and had figured out that Lirael was the one who sent those three to him, Vaan's mind was still occupied with Elric.
Just recalling that bastard's face was enough to fill him with anger.
"You talk as if you were any different."
Suddenly, Astra commented.
"…huh?" Vaan's expression changed.
He then looked into Astra's eyes and she continued,
"Manipulated her? Psychologically abused her? What do you think opened up the path for him to do that?
I heard a person is more susceptible to these tricks when she is harassed both physically and mentally.
Who could have possibly done that I wonder?
Who could have pushed her away when she only wanted the best for him? Who could have used her before throwing her away and repeating the same action again and again? Who could have screamed at her with hatred so apparent that it would shake her very soul?
Hmmm? Do you recall someone like that? Someone who did all these horrible things to my cute pupil? Whoever it is, he really sounds like a horrible person, doesn't he?
To the point where one would even think that Elric might be a better option for Elara, no? At the very least, he seemed to be there for her when she really needed him."
Astra spoke, her eyes as cold as eyes and Vaan had no words.
His mother was right.
The previous him was the one who created this situation.
These past few weeks he spent in this world, he had become so attached to Elara that he completely forgot that before him, another person lived as him. Even he hated the previous Vaan for the things he had done, however, what he seemed to have missed was that in others' eyes,
Previous Vaan was him.
He may have tried to make it up to Elara and has even succeeded in it to some extent given how Elara was actively taking leads in some cases and was willing to get close to him, willing to open up to him much more than before, however, the same couldn't be said for others.
For Astra, Elric, and others in the Vesta House, he was still the man who abused Elara.
Elric's plans weren't wrong, rather, they were based on the fact that he was the one who abused Elara, and while it was not Vaan's mistake, in the end, the fact was that he now lived as Vaan.
 Along with his exceptional Magic Talent, Bloodline, memories, and other things, he also inherited the bad decisions the previous Vaan had taken. Their responsibility, their consequences, he had to be the one to tackle them.
Vaan couldn't just continue with, 'the previous Vaan is dead' move anymore.
He needed to completely inherit previous Vaan's actions and take his place.
He now needed to become the real Vaan.
"This will be the last time I am ignoring your slip of tongue, Vaan."
Realizing that Vaan had realized what she was trying to say, Astra continued. S
"The Vesta Family may allow the Prospective Heirs to have a go at each other using whatever trick they seem fine with, there is one limit to that rule.
No Vesta Blood, especially the Direct Descendants, should die in these foolish children's games.
Once this rule is broken and a Vesta descendant is reported to have died, my personal forces would take action and investigate the cause.
And if even a slight link of the case can be connected to another child of the Vesta Family, that child will be executed, no matter the background he holds."
Astra then looked into Vaan's eyes and,
"Even if he is the only son of the current Family Head."
Vaan's expression turned solemn.
He wasn't a fool, he could tell that this was a threat, a clear, blatant threat, a threat coming from his own mother.
"The Vesta Family has a rich history of more than 5000 years, Vaan. I do not want to known as the woman who started the downfall of the family because she loved her son.
In the Battle of Heirs, you can play with your siblings however you want, you can use any trick you have, no matter how dirty or you can simply overwhelm them with absolute talent, however,
Once the Battle of Heirs is over and the head is selected,
All Vesta Siblings must come together and serve the new Head without any foolish thoughts in their heads.
The Battle of Heirs should not continue after it has officially ended. The Vesta Family cannot be divided after each generation, not when it already has enemies surrounding it, waiting for the chance to devour it as a whole.
Is that clear?"
Astra spoke with a clear look on her face.
This time, Vaan didn't just stay silent,
"Isn't that situation too ideal? It almost sounds like a fantasy. How can one simply forget their rivalry and serve the other with no secondary thoughts in their mind? That simply goes against the human nature, doesn't it?
Let's just take Mother's example, I highly doubt Uncle Draven and Aunt Risia are completely loyal to you. Heck, they even try to openly go against you in open court and try to challenge your authority every single day.
Honestly, with how they act, I highly doubt that they would be of any help when we actually need them."
Vaan countered.
Astra, however, shook her head,
"They challenged my authority, I agree, their target, however, was never me."
"It was me…" Vaan commented.
"Well, it was not you to be exact either.
Their target was the Family Head position, or more accurately, the Family Head position after I step away.
What they participate in is not the Battle of Heirs of my time, as I said, that one is already over, they are only participating in the new Battle of Heirs, the Battle of their children.
The two things are extremely different things, keep that in your mind.
And as for whether they would be of help or not, do not forget, the two of them are 7th Circle Mages, they would be a lot more help than you would be."
Astra spat, her words were harsh, maybe because she wanted Vaan to understand the importance of Family Unity.
She noticed her child's aggressive tendencies before and although he is changing and acting more rationally these days, he does slip up quite often.
Just like how he beat up those three mages yesterday. Those poor mages were out for the next 2 years, that was how brutally Vaan had beaten them up.
Astra's head ached when she thought about all this.
This Battle of Heirs, honestly, she pitied other Prospective Heirs taking part in it.
Her son was too ruthless. She wondered where he got that violent temper from.
"That is only because I am still quite young.
Give me a few decades and just see the new heights the Vesta Family will witness with me as the Family Head.
I am telling you this right now,
But your son will bring a new era in the Vesta Family history.
Consider this a spoiler."
Vaan spoke with a confident look on his face.
"You have a lot to learn before that. So get off your high horses."
"I have you to teach me."
"I don't teach arrogant fools."
"Oh c'mon, won't you teach your pupil's future husband so he could become a great person in the future and make your pupil happy?"
"You are shameless…" Astra commented.
"One of the qualities of Greatness is shamelessness."
"…" Astra didn't know what to say.
This boy was too good with words.
In the end, she just sighed, then, with a serious look on her face, she spoke up,
"For now, stop thinking about useless things and focus on the upcoming Elemental Clash.
Don't forget,
I allowed you to train Elara because you begged me to,
But if I don't see any results..."
"Please leave that to me, Mother.
This Elemental Clash,
I promise it would be fun."



Chapter 134 Fight her
*Knock* *Knock*
"Who is it?" Vaan questioned as he heard a knock on the door.
"It is me, Young Master Vaan, Seraphina Stormweaver." Seraphina replied in a respectful tone.
"Oh, you are here." Vaan stood up.
"Wait there, I am coming out."
He then walked out of the room and seeing Seraphina waiting for him, a smile appeared on his face and, "You came here earlier than I expected."
"I came as soon as I got your letter. Making Young Master wait is the last thing I would do." Seraphina replied, not forgetting to butter Vaan up.
"Heh."
A smile appeared on Vaan's face.
Then he started walking in a certain direction and, "Follow me.", he ordered.
"Where are we going?" Seraphina questioned with a frown on her face.
"Be patient, woman." Vaan ordered and Seraphina's frown deepened.
Usually, they either met in Vaan's room or the Guest room, today however, everything felt different. It was the first time Vaan had summoned her himself, he even went as far as saying 'I need your help' which Seraphina found hard to believe because it went against his personality.
Initially, Seraphina thought that Vaan wanted more spell directories so she was about to bring around 50 more directories that she had piled up, however, Vaan later mentioned in the letter not to bring any books and only come as soon as possible.
Confused, Seraphina just did as she was told and now, she couldn't hold back her curiosity as Vaan was taking her to a completely different place.
"Where is this place?" Seraphina questioned as she walked into a white room. She didn't know what this place was, however, she could sense a rich feeling coming from it. She was not an exceptional mage, however, just from seeing the patterns inscribed on the white walls of the room, she could sense endless mysteriousness that once again made her aware that she was inside the strongest Magic Family's Mansion.
"It is a Magic Training room that my mother uses," Vaan answered.
"What…?" Seraphina questioned as a ridiculous expression appeared on her face.
Magic Training Room that the Vaan's mother used?
S-She was inside the Vesta Family Head's personnel Magic Training Room?
The moment these words started sink into her mind, her body started trembling.
Magic Training Rooms were already extremely rare, only strong nobles had access to them while the weaker nobles and commoners could only see them from afar. Although the Vesta Family did rent out these rooms to the general public, not many could afford to use them.
In these past 28 years of her life, Seraphina had only been inside a Magic Training Room 12 times and all those times, it was just her accompanying either her father or some other family members while they test out of the Spell they had learned.
Honestly, in Seraphina's eyes, Magic Training Rooms were a scam, they could simply pay someone to rebuild the room after they destroy it, or test their spells in the forest, there was no need to pay such an absurd amount just for some extra privacy.
She completely ignored the healers that the Vesta Family provided who could save you from potential death in case the spell goes wrong, but such was the mind of the poor.
The poor trusted their guts and went with it, things like paying extra to ensure their health, they couldn't afford such luxury.
Thinking about it, Seraphina just shook her head and sighed.
The Magic Training Rooms that the Vesta Family rented were considered low quality, it was a well-known fact that the Rooms that the Vesta Mages could use for free were of much better quality.
Today, however, she stood inside possibly the best Magic Training Room there was, a place where the Vesta Family Head trained her Magic, a legend in the community of Mages, a place most Mages would kill to get into, and the man who made it possible just casually sat on the floor and,
"What are you standing for? There are no chairs here, so you need to sit on the floor."
Vaan just didn't care.
He had already been to this place so many times that he was sick of it.
After all, who would like a place where he gets his ass handed to him every single day, no matter how much that place meant to others?
"W-What are we d-doing here, Young Master Vaan?" Seraphina questioned, she didn't know how to react. She finally recalled that the man in front of him was the only child of Vesta Family Head.
A true Young Master born with a golden spoon.
 "As I said in the letter, I want your help," Vaan spoke.
"I am always ready to serve you, Young Master. What do I have to do?" Seraphina questioned, trying to calm herself down and be 'useful'.
"You need to spar." Vaan replied.
"Spar?"
Seraphina tilted her head in confusion.
She needed to spar?
Did he call her here just for that?
Why?
Although she was a 2nd Circle Mage just like Vaan, it was clear that she was no match for him.
After all, she wasn't known for her Magic Skills.
Despite having all these thoughts, in the end, Seraphina glanced at Vaan and nodded,
"Even though I may be lacking, I will give my best in sparring so Young Master can train well." She had no other choice.
"I am not the one who you need to spar with."
Vaan spoke with a smile on his face.
"Hm?" Seraphina tilted her head in confusion, however, before she could ask anything,
"Oh, you are here."
Vaan quickly stood up and walked passed Seraphina with an excited look on his face.
Seraphina turned around and soon, her eyes fell on a beautiful red-haired girl who just walked into the room and was hugged by Vaan.
"V-Vaan." And of course, the moment Vaan hugged her, Elara blushed.
She still wasn't used to all this.
Soon, however, Elara's eyes fell on the third person in the room and a frown appeared on her face,
"L-Lady Seraphina?"
"Huh? Why are you calling her Lady Seraphina? Just Seraphina is enough." Vaan quickly corrected.
"Bu-"
"Just Seraphina."
"Please call me Seraphina, or Sera, if you would prefer, Lady Elara."
Seraphina, understanding Vaan's intention, quickly bowed her head and spoke. S
"Why is she here?" Elara, however, turned towards Vaan and questioned.
No matter what, she still couldn't forget this woman and treat her normally. After all, she was the root of all her problems and nearly took everything away from her.
Elara was not comfortable around Seraphina and both Seraphina and Vaan could sense that.
"I called her for help." Vaan answered.
"Help?" Elara tilted her head in confusion.
"Indeed."
"W-What help do you need? I-I can probably do it as well."
Elara spoke, her face slightly red.
It was a bold statement that translated as 'You don't need her, just tell me what it is and I will do it.'
Elara was being possessive.
Vaan's heart smiled in glee.
Seeing his timid Elara acting so strong made him feel happy.
"Well, she is here to help you, not me." Vaan spoke and soon, a frown appeared on Elara's face as she glanced at Seraphina's face.
"Spar with her."
Vaan spoke.
"What?" Elara frowned.
Vaan then glanced at the two women and,
"The two of you,
Spar with each other."
"I need to spar with… her…?"
Elara's expression changed.
She didn't wish to say it out loud, however, Seraphina was not her match, at all. Even though she is younger than her, she was far stronger than someone like her.
Sparring with Seraphina was a complete waste of time.
And it was not Elara looking down on Seraphina, it was just a face. A fact even Seraphina agreed without any shame.
"Young Master Vaan, I don't think it would be a fair spar. Lady Elara is a 4th Circle Mage, she would not learn anything even if she spars with me 100s of times."
She spoke.
Vaan, however, just smiled,
"I am not talking about Magic Spar."
"Hmm?" Seraphina tilted her head in confusion.
"The two of you would fight each other,
Using your fists."
"What…?"
"Huh?"
Both women couldn't believe what Vaan just said.
"Fight each other, using Magic is not allowed.
Now start."
Vaan spoke, not willing to listen anything.
He was not a fool, he knew what his fiancée was capable of, defeating a second-rate mage like Seraphina was as easy as breathing for her.
However, the same was true for the people Elara faces in the Elemental Clash as well.
In terms of skills, Elara could overwhelm almost all Basic Mages who went around acting arrogant and taking pride in their strength, however, even if that is the case, she often loses most of her battles.
Why?
Because she was afraid to hurt others.
She is afraid that her spells might injure others, so she never uses them as freely as she can. Her ridiculous kindness and compassion, Vaan needed to work on them if he wanted her to win.
So the best way he came up with?
He placed Elara in front of the only person she hated and ordered her to punch the fuck out of her.
He would make her get used to hitting and injuring people, just like him.
He would make her the best gangs- mage there is.



Chapter 135 I I will fight
Elara and Seraphina faced off in the training grounds, the two of them glanced at each other, both thinking different things as they continued with their staring contest.
Seraphina was trying to understand what her 'master' was trying to do.
Was it all because of petty revenge? Was this Vaan's way of making up to his fiancée? Was he trying to give Elara a chance to take out all her anger on her? Honestly, Seraphina didn't feel that was the case.
She may not have known this 'new' Vaan for a long time, however, one thing she did understand was that Vaan was guilty of his past actions.
This man genuinely cared for his fiancée and blamed himself for his foolish actions, yes, Seraphina was wrong for manipulating him, however, from what she could understand, in Vaan's mind, ever since she had signed the contract, everything was over and now it was all his responsibility.
Vaan wasn't the type of man to blame everything on Seraphina and make Elara feel better by taking her anger out on her 'enemy' and neither was Elara the type of woman who would do something like this.
She was too pure-hearted for that.
Not to mention that if Vaan and Elara had truly wished to take their anger out on her, they wouldn't be having a fist fight right now, it would have been a magic duel.
A duel where she stood no chance, however, they didn't choose it, this made it clear that this was not for just some revenge and at the same time, this also piqued Seraphina's curiosity. 'What is he trying to achieve?' She wondered in her head.
While Seraphina was thinking all this, Elara's worries were on a much smaller level, in front of her stood a woman who ruined her life. There were many things Elara wanted to do, however, the best option in her head was to simply ignore this woman.
She was enjoying her life, she was enjoying the attention Vaan was giving her and she had no plans of taking revenge, rather, she wanted to stay away from Seraphina as much as possible and she wanted Vaan to do the same as well.
After all, who knew what this woman was capable of? The last thing she wanted was for things to revert back to how they usually were. Elara didn't think she could take that blow head-on.
"Start"
As the two women thought different things, they suddenly heard Vaan's voice.
They looked at him, the man glanced back at them and, "Do not hold back, give everything you have."
"As you say, Young Master Vaan."
Seraphina nodded as she rushed towards Elara.
She couldn't understand why she was forced into this situation, however, right now, her goal was to serve Vaan and do what he said. After all, she needed to impress him and show her usefulness.
As she closed the distance and the fight began, Seraphina wasted no time, throwing a flurry of punches at Elara. By no means was Seraphina a fighter. Heck, this was the first time she was ever participating in a fist fight.
Her movements were awkward, unbearably slow and her punches carried close to zero strength. Heck, Vaan wasn't even sure if those could be called punches.
Elara, on the other hand, had been training with Vaan for the last few days, of course, she wasn't much of an expert either, her stance, however, was countless times better than her opponent.
As they say, it is the newbies who improve at the most drastic rates. While there may not be much difference in skill between two middle-level fighters if one of them practiced for a few more days than the other.
The difference between Elara's and Seraphina's skill level was enormous.
Elara deftly dodged Seraphina's attacks, her footwork graceful and evasive.
Seeing this, Seraphina seemed surprised. She knew her skill wasn't the best, however, considering that her opponent was the usually timid Elara, she didn't think she would have so much hard time.
'Do the Vestas teach fist fighting along with Magic Training?' Seraphina wondered in her head.
Her eyes fell on Vaan, another mage who liked to punch his opponents more than using spells to defeat them.
Suddenly, Seraphina's eyes met Vaan's, then, she saw Vaan's mouth moved,
'Don't hold back.'
He spoke.
Seraphina's mouth twitched.
'You think I am holding back?' She wanted to question, however, since she wanted to show her usefulness, she couldn't show her weakness here.
She nodded, then, glaring at Elara, she increased her speed and started attacking even more recklessly, not caring about the openings she was creating in her stance at all.
This time, Elara panicked, no matter what, she was still new to this, she wasn't skilled enough to block all of Seraphina's attacks, she missed one of her punches that landed on her shoulder, and from that, Seraphina started gaining the upper hand.
"Ugghh!"
 Elara groaned in pain. She tried to dodge her attacks and create distance, however, Seraphina wasn't giving her any chance to do that. Since her strategy of attacking relentlessly seemed to be working, Seraphina stuck to it.
"Don't just be on defensive, start attacking if you want to win."
Suddenly, Elara heard Vaan's voice.
"You have been training with me for the past few days, show me the result of that. You may not know, however, this is Seraphina's first fight, she has never done this before.
You are fighting a complete newbie.
So if you lose here, you will not only embarrass yourself but also me, who trained you."
Elara's expression changed.
She wasn't shocked by what Vaan said, actually, she could already guess with how Seraphina carried herself that she was new to this, however, the problem was,
She couldn't find any openings.
Seraphina's attacks were relentless, Elara had no way to break through her barrage of attacks and fight back.
And as if Vaan knew what his fiancée was thinking, he spoke, "Don't think there are no openings, there are countless of them you can use. You just have to repeat what you did against me and this will be as easy as walking in a park. The only thing you need to do is to prepare your mind."
Elara nodded, her fists poised to strike and just as Vaan said, the moment she put her mind into it, she found an opening, her body moved on its own as her hand quickly found her way towards Seraphina's face, however, the moment she was about to hit her.
Elara hesitated.
Seraphina used this chance to push her away. Elara fell on the ground.
There was a big difference between sparring with Seraphina and sparring with Vaan. In the latter case, she knew that no matter what she did, he would be able to dodge or block her attack, Seraphina, however, was different.
With how shocked she looked when her punch reached her, Elara could tell that Seraphina was not prepared for her punch at all. If she hit her, she would actually get hurt and the moment she realized that, Elara hesitated.
Her problem of being unable to hurt others, even if her enemy is a woman who nearly ruined her life, even if the 'hurting' part here was a simple bruise that could be healed within a few days even without taking any medicine, Elara still hesitated.
That was just how pure hearted she was.
Of course, Seraphina didn't know what was going on, seeing that her opponent had fallen and how Vaan still hadn't intervened, she dashed towards Elara, not wanting to give her time to stabilize herself, however,
Before Seraphina could press her advantage, Vaan's voice cut through the tension like a thunderclap. "That's enough!" he commanded as he stepped between the two girls.
Both girls froze, their attention turning to Vaan. He approached Elara, offering her a hand to help her up. She accepted it, her cheeks flushed with a mixture of embarrassment, relief and guilt.
"Are you alright?" He questioned with a worried look on his face.
"I apologize…" Elara lowered her head.
She knew she hesitated. This was a fight she could win, however, just like before, she hesitated again. "Maybe I am not fit for this…" She muttered with a dejected look on her face.
Vaan momentarily turned silent.
Seeing him like that, Elara seemed even more disappointed and started blaming herself inwardly.
"Alright, I guess we can give up."
Suddenly, Vaan spoke up.
"Hmm?" Elara tilted her head in confusion.
"The Elemental Clash, if Elara doesn't wish to fight, then we will take out your name from it." Vaan spoke as he gently held Elara's right cheek.
"It may harm mother's image a little if her disciple didn't participate and I would lose some Elemental Stones, but it doesn't really matter, we will figure something ou-"
"No."
Elara spoke.
Her eyes were different than before.
"I-I want to try again."
She spoke, hearing those words, a small smile appeared on Vaan's face.
Yes, he was manipulating her emotionally, however, he had no choice. Elara's talent was too strong for her to remain passive.
Astra was not a fool, she knew her disciple couldn't fight, she didn't like fighting, ideally, she should have just taken her name out of the competition and should have allowed Elara to deal with things at her own pace,
However, Elara's talent was too strong for that.
With her talent, it was only a matter of time before she became a 7th Circle Advance Mage.
A 7th Circle Mage who couldn't fight, just how scary is that?
If Elara stayed like this, then Astra feared that she would turn into an open target.
This was the reason she wanted Elara to change, even a little and this was the reason why Vaan was going this far. His Elara, he would make sure that she does not come off as an easy target.
"G-Give me that."
Suddenly, Elara demanded.
"What?" Vaan tilted his head in confusion, but then, Elara's answer made him widen his eyes,
"Alcohol,
Give me alcohol."
Elara demanded.



Chapter 136 You are so weak~
Both fighters were given a short break because of Elara's sudden and surprising demand, Vaan ordered Gabel to bring some alcohol, however, when he was making a shot for Elara to drink, the girl boldly grabbed the Bottle and drank the contents in one go,
Without water.
"…"
Vaan who was carefully making her shot blinked in surprise with the glass still in his hand, he was in the middle of mixing the alcohol with water, however, when his mind finally registered what Elara had done, he panicked.
"E-Elara! What are you doing!?"
He placed the glass down and rushed towards his fiancée.
"What…?" Elara tilted her head in confusion as she questioned, the taste of alcohol was bitter, and since it was her first time drinking it like that, the taste that still lingered on her tongue made her feel strange.
"Should have I not done that…? Would the alcohol not work anymore…?" Elara questioned.
"No! You are not supposed to drink it like that! It can be dangerous!" Vaan warned.
"How would it be dangerous…? You are telling me that drinking it with water is good but drinking it without water is dangerous, Vaan, how does that make sense? You sometimes act so silly Vaan, you are so cute~"
Elara chuckled.
Then, she looked into Vaan's eyes and, "Anyways, just answer my question, would it not work without water? Do I need to drink another bottle? How about I drink water now? It eventually goes into my tummy, doesn't it? I think it would mix there if I drink water now." Elara spoke as she tried to grab the bottle of water from Vaan.
"…"
Vaan turned silent for a while as he placed the bottle away and gently held Elara in his arms. As she finally got support, Elara let go of her body and pushed all her weight onto Vaan. She was too lazy to stand on her own.
Vaan was there to carry her anyway, wasn't he?
Thinking about it, Elara chuckled to herself.
Vaan, who was observing her all this while replied, "It is already working."
"Hmm?" Elara tilted her head as she glanced at Vaan.
"Alcohol, it is already working."
"I don't feel any different…" Elara replied, completely oblivious to the changed air around her. Not to mention her red face due to intoxication.
"Heh, so you are telling me it is the sober Elara hugging her fiancé because she loves him so much? I am glad." Vaan smiled and when Elara finally realized what she has been doing, she blinked in surprise.
Then, she buried her face into Vaan's chest and didn't say anything.
Vaan was helpless.
Being hugged by his adorable fiancée felt so good that he completely forgot his 'crush' who stood behind the two of them and observed them with a ridiculous look on her face.
'Did they call me here to make me the third wheel?'
Seraphina wondered in her head.
How was she supposed to act in this situation?
Should she interrupt them?
Or should she just continue watching?
She always did her best not to get on Vaan's bad side, however, right now, she couldn't understand what was the best course of action to do that.
Both options seemed bad.
And as if she sensed Seraphina's worry, Elara suddenly moved her face away from Vaan's chest and glanced at Seraphina,
"You…"
She called out, her voice becoming tipsy.
"Y-Yes?" Seraphina stepped forward, not knowing how to react.
 "Let's start another round," Elara spoke as a weirdly confident smile appeared on her face.
"H-Huh? Oh, okay." Seraphina nodded.
Elara then stepped away from Vaan, since she now had to carry her weight herself, she momentarily lost balance, however, before Vaan could catch her again, she stopped him and corrected her stance.
Then, she glanced at Seraphina, and with the same confident smile on her face, she glanced at Seraphina and, "Are you ready?"
Seraphina, on the other hand, glanced at Vaan, waiting for his confirmation. After all, with how Elara looked like she was barely standing, Seraphina doubted she was in any condition to fight.
She had seen how Elara had drank a complete bottle in one gulp, Seraphina didn't think she could fight, therefore, she wanted Vaan's permission before doing anything.
The Drunk Elara, however, didn't like that.
She stepped in front of Vaan and with her eyes narrowed, "Seraphina Stormweaver." She called out.
"Y-Yes?" Seraphina was taken aback. There was a strange power in Elara's voice.
"You look at me when you talk to me, is that clear?" Elara spoke.
"Y-Yes, I understand."
Seraphina nodded without realizing it.
This was the first time Elara had talked to her in that tone.
"Now, I will ask you again,
Are you ready or do you need more time to prepare?" Elara questioned, from how she acted, she sounded like a highly esteemed noble, if you of course, ignore the fact that her face was red due to intoxication and she could barely stand.
"I-I am ready." Seraphina nodded, this time, she answered without looking at Vaan. Not that she had the option to ask for his permission since Elara still stood in front of his fiancé.
"Then I am coming."
Saying those words, Elara rushed towards Seraphina.
The Drunk Elara was different, she didn't care about reservations and fears the Sober Elara had, or more accurately, her mind didn't have the capacity to think about all that.
She approached the second round of the fight with newfound determination, her mind free from the thoughts that had once restricted her actions.
As the battle resumed, Elara's movements were swift and precise. Her fists struck with a newfound strength, and her footwork was agile and relentless. Of course, the excess of alcohol did affect her body balance to some extent, however, against someone who was completely new to fighting like this, Elara was an overwhelming opponent.
Seraphina couldn't even understand where Elara's punches came from, she was barely holding on with the help of her instincts and the fact that Elara was not completely right in her mind, however, as Elara adapted, or more accurately, as she made her mind about hitting Seraphina for sure,
Things got difficult for the poor secretary.
*Bam*
Elara's first punch finally landed right on Seraphina's nose.
"Ugghh!" Seraphina groaned in pain as she held her nose.
Elara, however, rushed forward and punched again, this time, aiming at Seraphina's stomach.
"Aaahh!"
From then, the chain started.
Each punch landed with a satisfying thud, and it was evident that Seraphina was on the defensive.
Seraphina, who had previously held the upper hand, now struggled to keep up with Elara's unrelenting assault. She could no longer think about impressing Vaan or anything like that anymore. She had been holding back in order to not hurt Elara all this while, however, she realized she couldn't do that anymore.
Thinking about that, she tried to counterattack, this time, without any reservation whatsoever, however,
As she moved forward to push Elara away, the drunk girl simply rolled away, then, she slapped the back of Seraphina's head using all her strength.
*Slap*
Seraphina lost her balance.
"Why are you so weak?" Elara questioned in her tipsy tone.
Seraphina didn't have the time to reply, she was trying to regain her balance and punch Elara again, Elara however, ducked, dodging the punch and as she stood up, she hit Seraphina's chin with her head.
"Ouch!" Seraphina groaned in pain, she could feel her vision blurring.
"You are quite slow as well. Have you never fought anyone before? Have you never trained your body? I heard your Magic Talent was quite bad, so shouldn't you at the very least be focusing on your body instead?" Elara questioned as she started to ponder why the girl in front of her was so weak.
Then, as if she got her answer, her eyes brightened up and,
"Ah, I got it! You were busy trying to steal others' fiancés!
That is why you came out to be so useless! It all makes sense now!"
Drunk Elara was savage.
Seraphina didn't know how to answer Elara's questions, she felt a sense of helplessness as she fought Elara, the girl was barely standing, just one punch, or even a small interrupt in her rhythm would be enough to make her fall on the ground,
Yet, here she was, in pain and unable to process what was happening.
Drunk Elara was just that strong, from start to finish, Seraphina stood no chance.
Then suddenly, Seraphina felt an acute pain in her head,
"Aahh!" She screamed as she realized Elara was pulling her hair. She opened her eyes, wanting to surrender, but her body froze when she noticed Elara's face right on top of her.
She was glaring at her with an intimidating look on her face.
*Gulp*
Seraphina gulped.
"Stay away from Vaan."
Suddenly, Elara spoke.
This time, her voice was not tipsy, with how clear her eyes looked, she didn't even look intoxicated.
Seraphina even felt like her intoxicated act was all an act,
However,
Before she could analyze this situation even further,
A heavy punch landed on her face and she passed out.
The 'spar' ended.



Chapter 137 Be her Punching Bag
Seraphina's eyelids trembled, slowly opening her eyes, her brows furrowed in confusion when saw an unfamiliar ceiling on top of her. Finding herself in such a situation, it didn't take long for her dizzy mind return to normal, she quickly sat up, feeling slight pain on her face as did and soon, memories of what happened before she passed out freshened up in her mind.
'Elara…'
She thought inwardly, clearly remembering how that girl overpowered her. Unwittingly, Seraphina's hand moved towards her nose.
She then started looking around, trying to figure out where she was. The room was quite exquisite, it was much grander than her room back in the Stormweaver Mansion, the bed was extremely comfortable, and expensive tapestries lined the walls, depicting scenes of grandeur and victory, gilded furniture, silken draperies, and ornate chandeliers adorned the space.
'Heh, I can't believe that even a random room here is much better than one of the best rooms in our Mansion.' A wry smile appeared on Seraphina's face.
It didn't take her long to realize that she was still in the Vesta Mansion, after she passed out in her spar against Elara, they must have brought her here and seeing as how she wasn't experiencing much pain, the medics must have healed her injuries as well.
'Heh, as expected of the Vesta Family… their grandeur is not something a normal person can comprehend.'
Seraphina shook her head as she chuckled.
While she thought all that, the doors of the room suddenly opened and a servant walked in.
It was a familiar face.
"Lily…" Seraphina called out with a strange expression on her face.
She didn't know how to react in front of his previous personnel maid of her. From what Seraphina suspected, her current condition was largely due to the information Lily had leaked, in her eyes, Lily had placed the entire Stormweaver Family in a situation where they were nothing but official slaves who worked under Young Master Vaan.
But even then, Seraphina couldn't blame this woman.
After all, he was the one who betrayed her first. If she hadn't abandoned her, Vaan wouldn't have gotten the chance to break through her defenses and get her on his side.
It was all Vaan's trap and she fell right into it.
"You are awake," Lily spoke as she looked into Seraphina's eyes. "I shall inform the Young Master, he will be here soon, meanwhile, please eat some fruits, it will hasten your recovery." As she said those words, she moved a table next to Seraphina's bed.
Seeing her acting like that, Seraphina understood how her previous maid wanted to play it out.
Complete ignorance.
Unlike Seraphina, who was still stuck with complicated emotions and didn't know how to deal with her maid, Lily had no such reservations. She treated Seraphina like a normal guest of the Master she served, completely ignoring her previous relationship with her.
This was Lily's way of severing all ties with Seraphina.
After all, who would want to stay close to a woman who can abandon you any minute for her own benefit?
Seraphina smiled wryly, no words came out of her mouth and she simply nodded.
"I will be taking my leave." Lily bowed her head as she walked away.
Seraphina's eyes then fell on the fruits that Lily had left and soon, she realized that they weren't even cut, they were just placed on a table along with a knife, it was as if Lily was saying, 'Don't expect me to work for you, I only serve Young Master. If you wish to eat fruits, cut them yourself.'
'Heh.' A smile appeared on Seraphina's face as she picked a fruit and the knife and started eating.
After all, she had nothing better to do.
10 minutes later, the doors of the room opened again and Vaan walked in.
"Hm?"
Vaan tilted his head in confusion when he saw how Seraphina was the one peeling the apple for herself but soon, he realized what happened and smiled wryly as well, "I should have asked someone else to do it, that woman was a bad choice."
Seraphina looked into Vaan's eyes, she didn't know if he genuinely meant his words of whether it was just one of his mind games and honestly, she didn't care,
"It is alright, Young Master Vaan. I am already grateful that the Medics of the Vesta Family have treated me, I am actually in quite a good condition right now, so this isn't very difficult for me."
Her answer was as polite as ever.
Vaan looked into her eyes for a while, then, he just smiled, "Well, I was the one who called you for help, so of course I would have the medics treat you. I know this is a bit difficult, but I want you to hold out for the next few days, you are the only one I can rely on right now."
"Next few days…?" Suddenly, Seraphina's expression changed.
"That is correct. I want you to come here and spar with Elara for the next few days, if you want, you can even stay here in the Vesta Mansion, I can have the servants arrange a better room for you. This one was prepared in a hurry."
 Vaan replied and Seraphina frowned in confusion.
She could understand if it was just for one day, Elara must have been frustrated by everything she had done to her directly or indirectly and Vaan must have wanted her to take her anger out on her.
But they wanted to continue this for the next few days…?
What…?
She couldn't understand, was her performance not satisfactory enough? She was told to gather Spell Directories and she did, in fact, she gathered so many that in the end, Vaan had to give up and was forced to order her not to bring any more directories till asked.
She even tried to recruit Advance Mage Eliza Vesta to Vaan's side.
Did she perhaps miss something?
Something that Vaan wanted her to do and she failed to notice?
Seraphina's mind started moving. However, no matter how she thought about it, nothing came to her mind.
"I need to continue sparring with Lady Elara for the next few days…?" Seraphina asked again, wanting to confirm if she missed something.
"Yes."
"But Lady Elara is already stronger than me… Unlike the air she gives, she is actually quite an expert when it comes to physical fights, I don't see any reason for her to waste her time on me, especially when Elemental Clash is around the corner. Wouldn't it be better for her to prepare for Elemental Clash rather than doing this?"
Seraphina questioned.
She knew her method was tactless. One of the most important things one had to take note of while serving a Young Master was to never question their decisions since it might hurt their tiny egos, as long as one remained loyal and agreed to everything their Master said, they would have an easy life in the future.
Here, however, this tactic couldn't work, it was okay if it was just a one-time thing, but Seraphina wasn't willing to get beaten up every single day. She had to come up with something to get out of this situation.
"This is her preparing for the Elemental Clash."
Vaan, however, gave a ridiculous answer.
"What?"
Seraphina blinked, her mouth remained open due to surprise.
"Sparring with you is Elara's way of preparing for the Elemental Clash."
"Young Master Vaan, I do not understand, what would she ge-"
"Ability to hurt her opponents, that is what she would get out of this. Surprisingly, or non-surprisingly, you are the only person in the entire world that girl hates, I wanted to use that hate to get her to willingly attack you, yet even then, I was forced to get her intoxicated for that to work.
Of course, it isn't a long-term situation, I can't have her drink alcohol before every fight in order to win, therefore, I want her to get used to beating people up and to do that,
She will be fighting you every day, each day, I would reduce the alcohol she needs, till the point where she won't need it anymore and can beat you up without being under the influence of any drinks.
Till we achieve that,
You need to become her punching bag."
This was Vaan's grand plan, get Elara used to punching people, then once she is comfortable, she would shift to Magic Spars where Elara uses Magic to hurt her opponents. In Vaan's head, it was only the degree of injury that is increased, it shouldn't be much difficult for his Elara from that stage.
After all, he didn't start with directly breaking bones either. It was a slow process where he grew from pulling hair, poking eyes, to punching heavily and breaking bones.
His little gangster will take small steps to grow and he will accompany her throughout her journey.
"…"
Seraphina didn't know how to react to those words…
Punching bag…?
Was this the 'help' this bastard wanted from her…?
"Alright, don't look so dejected, if it makes you feel any better, you aren't the only punching bag I have in my mind, you have partners."
"What…?" Seraphina blinked. Was that supposed to make her feel better?
But even then, curiosity got the better of her and, "Who are they?" She questioned.
"Asher and the party."
Vaan spoke with a big smile on his face.
"It has been a while since Asher has been useful."



Chapter 138 Focus on the Elemental Clash
"So you finally decided to visit me."
Risia Elysia Vesta, a woman who held quite a lot of power in the Vesta Family spoke with a smile on her face as her son walked into her room.
"I was busy."
Eldric spoke calmly.
"It took you 2 days to meet your mother after returning to your home after an entire year, this makes me quite sad."
"Mother, you would have come and met me if that was true."
Eldric was not in the mood to play any games.
Sensing his sour mood, a slight frown appeared on Risia's face, then, however, she quickly realized the possible reason behind it,
"So you have met them."
She commented.
Eldric narrowed his eyes, his annoyance was clear on his face,
"That bastard has gotten close to her."
Ever since he returned and met Vaan and Elara that day, Eldric has been researching. Unlike Lirael and Vaelen, he didn't go to his father to get all the information, he worked on its own and in two days, he understood everything that happened in the Vesta House in the last year he had been in the academy.
Obviously, this included the changed Vaan and how that bastard has been getting closer to his fiancée, the girl he had his eyes on.
And Eldric did not take that well.
Seeing him act like that, Risia couldn't help but chuckle, "You talk like you actually love that girl. It is so amusing."
"That doesn't matter, that bastard is touching what I had my eyes on and I cannot allow that."
"That girl is his fiancée, Eldric." Risia replied and as she did, Eldric glanced at his mother and narrowed his eyes,
"Why are you acting like you are on his side? Do not forget, all of this was your plan to begin with."
A playful smile then appeared on Risia's face and, "I can't help it, seeing your annoyed face is quite fun."
"Is that so…
Well it is good if it is just that,
I thought you gave up just like you gave up during the previous Battle of Heirs."
Eldric replied and the moment he did, the playful smile on his mother's face disappeared.
"You have gotten quite bold. Did the year you spent in the academy between trashes get into your head?"
"I wasn't informed when something so important happened, so I just thought tha-"
"That is enough.
You can leave."
"Mothe-"
"Well, I already gave up like I did previously, so there is no point in talking to me, now is there?"
"I lost control over my emotions, I apologize."
"And why does that matter to me?"
Risia questioned with an unbothered look on her face.
"Because you are my mother."
"I didn't know you could talk like that to your mother, if I had done the same with mine, I would have long been kicked out of the family."
 Risia then glanced at Eldric and, "I wonder I would have fared if that happened. Especially if I was someone as weak as a mere 4th Circle Mage.
A Direct Descendent of the Vesta Family kicked out, I wonder what strong rogue mages would have done if that news was revealed."
"…"
Eldric lowered his head and turned silent. Of course, even a fool could tell what Risia was talking about.
He realized that he pushed his luck too far.
Risia maybe his mother and care for him, but that didn't mean she would let him do whatever he wanted.
"I apologize, mother. I let my anger get the better of me.
My mind is still wrapped around the time I met the two of them and how hatefully that bastard was glaring at me."
"Focus on the Elemental Clash."
Suddenly, Risia spoke up.
"Huh?" As his mother's sudden words, Eldric frowned.
Risia then glanced at Eldric and started,
"You are a 43-year-old 4th Circle Mage, just like that boy said in the meeting, that is below you are far behind by what is generally expected from a Vesta Prospective Heir.
However, the good news is, your competition is the same.
In terms of Magic talent, Lirael, Vaelen and you are not much different than each other.
Even if we put Vaan into the equation, a 20-year-old 2nd Circle Mage, at best, that boy's talent is comparable to yours. Considering his age, he shouldn't be much of a threat."
A solemn look appeared on Risia's face as she completed, "That is if we ignore those complex Advanced Circles he has created."
"I have heard about them, I couldn't believe that waste actually managed to create something like that. No, he is not a waste, he was acting and playing us like fools all this time, wasn't he?"
"That is what we suspect and I believe Astra was in on this as well." Risia nodded. No one just one day wakes up and becomes a Magic Genius who can create Advance Magic Circles that no has ever seen before.
"Anyways, that doesn't really matter.
That boy does have a significant advantage because of his Magic Circles, however, you do not have to worry about that.
Vaan is too young to be a threat to you, as for his circles, I am studying it every single day, I will figure out the key behind it eventually and once that happens, he won't have that advantage over you.
So stop worrying about anything and focus on the Elemental Clash.
Valean won three 4th Tier Elemental Clash consecutively before advancing to become the 5th Circle Mage, if you want to show your superiority, you can't stay behind him. You need at least 4 wins by the time you become 5th Circle Mage.
And to do that, you need to start from this year.
Win.
And keep winning for the next coming years.
Show your dominance.
Show them how you are much better than any of your peers.
Give Astra a real reason to see you as an actual Prospective Heir, that is your only goal. Do you understand?"
Risia spoke with a serious look on her face.
"I understand." Eldric nodded.
Risia nodded back and ordered, "Now go back."
Eldric, however, didn't move. "What about Elara?" He questioned.
The main reason he came here was not to listen to some motivating words, he knew he had to win, he was sure he would win.
However, Eldric knew that even if he won for the next 10 years, it wouldn't matter if he didn't get his hands on Elara.
A 21-year-old 4th Circle Mage, an absurd talent that even overpowered the current head of the Vesta Family, who was already known to be one of the best Family Heads of the Vesta Family throughout history.
If Eldric could marry her and get her on his side, becoming the next heir was only a matter of time, the same, however, was true for Vaan as well.
If Vaan, who was already Elara's fiancé managed to marry her, his chances of becoming the next Head would shoot up even if he is currently quite young.
At first, this wasn't really a problem because everyone knew Vaan was a fool who knew nothing about the world, two days ago, however, when Eldric noticed how Vaan had managed to seduce Elara, nearly ruining all the work he had done for so many years, he realized that Vaan was dangerous.
He could see what Vaan was aiming for and there was no way he would allow that.
But the problem was that nothing came to Eldric's mind.
He also heard how Vaan beat up the three Mages who annoyed him, that alone was troubling because this made it clear that he couldn't use his subordinates against Vaan or Elara.
This was why he came to his mother to seek her help. As the Blood sibling of the current Family Head and a 7th Circle Mage, Risia held a lot of power in her hands, she must have some way to help him out.
Risia, however, shook her head.
"As I said, only focus on the Elemental Clash. Stop thinking about anything else."
"But what if Vaan marries Elara? Won't our plan fail?" Eldric couldn't understand what his mother was thinking.
"Inside the Vesta City, Vaan is invincible, that boy has the biggest backer one could possibly hope for."
Risia spoke with a grave look as she recalled how Astra had warned her not to make any more foolish moves.
Risia was planning on taking that threat seriously.
"So do we just watch in silence as Elara is taken away from me?"
Eldric questioned as he narrowed his eyes.
"I never said that."
Risia spoke.
"You said Vaan is invincible because he has Lady Astra supporting him and since he is invincible, as long as he doesn't willingly leave Elara, there is nothing I can do."
"I said he was invincible inside the Vesta City."
"Huh?"
Suddenly, Edric's expression changed.
"You are planning to…"
"Yes, it is high time Vaan joins the Agresia Academy, he has been living far too comfortable of a life inside these walls." Risia smiled.
"So you are planning to send him to the academy with us."
Eldric spoke with a wide smile on his face, then, however, he frowned,
"But what if Lady Astra intervenes like she did before?"
"Well, she had a reason to intervene before, now, with Vaan's talent revealed, she can't use that reason anymore."
Risia shrugged, then, a playful smile appeared on her face and,
"And even then, if she uses her authority to get Vaan to stay here,
I will make sure that at least Elara is sent with you.
I can leave the rest to you, correct?"
Risia questioned as she looked into her son's eyes and Eldric's smile couldn't be any wider.
"I just need to spend a few nights alone with her and everything will be in my hands."



Chapter 139 I am not lying
"I just need to spend a few nights alone with her and everything will be in my hands,"
Elric spoke with a big smile on his face.
"You seem quite confident." Risia chuckled.
"I am. I wasn't making any moves because of the age difference, I was planning to get Elara make the first move and as more time passes and the age difference dilutes out, I was going to seal the deal,
But I guess I can't use that plan anymore.
I didn't think that fool would pose any problems in my plans.
Actually, I would prefer the second option, I don't want Vaan there with Elara, with how that bastard was sticking to her and was trying to take her out of my sight, I highly doubt he would let me spend the time I want to spend with her."
Elric replied as he considered all the possibilities. No matter how he thought about it, Vaan still came out as a thorn in his eyes, if possible, he preferred to stay away from him.
Risia, however, was against that plan.
"That is only the worst-case scenario. If it is possible to get Vaan to join the Academy, we need to do it.
Vaan cannot be allowed to stay here in the Vesta Mansion."
"Huh? Why is that?"
Elric frowned in confusion.
"The more time Vaan spends in the Vesta Mansion, the better his image would be."
"…" Elric turned silent as he focused on his mother's words.
"Ever since that boy has revealed that circle, his image in the Family's eyes has changed, from a waste, Vaan has not only become a Mage who made a world-changing discovery in his 20s, he has also become one of the strongest 2nd Circle Mages.
Vaan is currently proving his 'Absoluteness', with his Advance Circles, he is showing off his ability to be able to defeat any 2nd Circle Mage.
Of course, it may not be much right now, but in the coming years, as he grows, that absoluteness will become stronger and stronger and the same could be said for its effect.
The Strongest 3rd Circle Mage, the Strongest 4th Circle Mage, the Strongest 5th Circle and continue…
The Magic Circles he created are just that logic-defying.
If Vaan is given time and is allowed to stay in the Vesta Family any longer, he will start attracting people. His Faction, which is currently non-existent would start getting stronger and stronger, and due to his strong background, the process would be even faster.
If that happens, then even if you get Elara by your side, it wouldn't really matter since in the end, Elara would still be Astra's pupil, even if she marries you, her support for you will always be unstable, this would be truer in that girl's case considering her weak personality."
Risia explained.
"We need to be especially quick in this matter. Vaan needs to be sent to the Agresia academy and since he wouldn't be invincible there, it will be your duty to keep him in line. Use 3rd Circle Mages or other strong connections you have built in the Academy to harass him.
Break his confidence, slow down his progress, ruin his image, and keep this up till the next heir is decided.
Of course, I know you already know this, but keep in mind, no matter what happens, do not do something that puts Vaan's life in danger.
As the child of Vesta Family, you cannot hurt another Vesta, he will become one of your competent subordinates in the future, so always stay within your boundaries, is that clear?"
Risia spoke with a serious look on her face as she glanced at her child.
"Yes, mother. I am not a child anymore, I know what to do and what not to do.
I wish to live a long life, so I won't do anything foolish no matter how desperate the situation is."
"Good." Risia nodded with a light smile on her face.
"Anyways, I am sure Vaelen and Lirael will be trying to suppress Vaan as well, if you can, try teaming up with them.
It is always better to be together than to attack from two different ends and unintentionally nullify the other's attack."
"I do not need their help, mother.
I am not someone who shakes hands with my enemies.
 Don't forget, those two siblings are even bigger of a threat than that bastard."
Elric replied and although she smiled as a reply, a strange look appeared on her face,
"I hope that is the case…"
However, for some reason, Risia felt like what she was hoping for would not come true.
Vaan Astra Vesta, that boy troubled her. The sudden change and him becoming the new Prospective Heir,
She could tell that all of that was not a mere coincidence,
Something didn't feel right.
All this while, they have been underestimating the only son of one of the strongest Mages in the world,
Risia considered herself to be a fairly cautious and thorough woman, so for someone as cautious and thorough as her to not have even the slightest inkling of the talent that boy hid from the entire world for so many years,
Risia felt that something was wrong, very wrong. She felt like she was ignoring something she shouldn't be ignoring.
"Anyways, I will follow Mother's words and focus on the Elemental Clash.
Please start preparing for the next meeting and convince Lady Astra to send Elara and Vaan to the Academy together with us all.
Also,
Look forward to me emerging as the strongest Mage of our Younger Generation this year."
Elric spoke with a confident look on his face.
Hearing his words, Risia came out of her reverie and smiled.
"Alright Alright, I hope you don't let me down, now leave.
I need some free time to think about certain things."
Elric bowed his head as he then walked out of the room.
His mind was still thinking about how Vaan took Elara away right from his eyes.
'If only the Elemental Clash wasn't divided into different tiers, I would have taken care of you right there and then.'
A scary thought appeared in Elric's mind as he started walking towards the Magic Training room.
In the end, he would let his anger out on the Practice Dummies.
…
On the other side, Vaan, who was returning after talking to Seraphina was about to visit his fiancée.
Obviously, after drinking a complete bottle without water, Elara's condition was anything but good, he made sure to place her on the bed and put her to sleep before he met Seraphina, however, he still wanted to check in on his future wife before going and train with his father.
With a carefree look on his face, Vaan walked towards Elara's room, but then suddenly, his legs froze.
The door of Elara's room was slightly opened.
Vaan made sure to close the door before he left, he even strictly ordered the servants to not enter Elara's room so none of them would dare to walk in, then why…
Why was the door open?
Vaan's heart felt heavy.
Something was wrong.
Something was extremely wrong…
*Step* *Step*
With slow steps, Vaan walked towards Elara's room, the closer he walked, the more he felt like he shouldn't walk in, however, his worry for his fiancée overpowered the warnings his instincts gave,
He barged into the room and the moment he did,
He regretted his choice.
The Family Head of the Vesta Family was sitting inside the room with a solemn look on her face. Her pupil's head was resting on her lap, she was gently ruffling Elara's hair, however, the moment Astra's eyes fell on Vaan, her expression changed.
"Come in."
She ordered even though Vaan was already inside the room.
*Gulp*
Vaan gulped.
He understood her message as he locked the room from inside. Once he was done, he turned around and looked into his mother's eyes, waiting for her to start.
"What did I tell you?"
Astra questioned, her voice sounded calm, however, from her expression alone, Vaan could tell that this wasn't going to be a good day.
"W-What?"
"I told you not to give her any more alcohol, what if she turns into an addict?" Astra questioned, her voice higher than before.
"I am pretty sure you didn't say anything like that, you started enquiring what happened between us." Vaan's answer was quick.
However, as quick as it was,
It was not the current answer.
"Are you saying that I am lying?" Astra narrowed her eyes.
"I-I meant that Elara was the one who asked for it." Vaan quickly changed his words.
"And you want me to believe that?" Astra raised her eyebrow.
"Huh?"
"You want me to believe that Elara came to you and said, 'Give me alcohol?'
Do you think I am a fool?"
Astra didn't believe Vaan's words even for the slightest second.
"I am not lying! Believe me!
She was the one who asked for it!
You can even ask Seraphi-"
Vaan wanted to clear his name, but then,
"Vaan~ I caaan't drink anymore~ Stooop giving me mooore~"
Elara muttered in her sleep and a ridiculous expression appeared on Vaan's face.



Chapter 140 Teacher is weird
"I am not lying!
She was the one who asked for it!
You can even ask Seraphi-"
"Vaan~ I caaan't drink anymore~ Stop giving me mooore~"
Before Vaan could say anything else, Elara muttered in her sleep and the moment she did, Astra glanced at her son with a cold look on her face.
"So you are telling me that this angel of mine is lying?"
Astra questioned as she raised her eyebrow, obviously, she had zero trust in Vaan when it came to taking care of Elara.
This boy was corrupting her little angel.
Seeing how his mother was looking at him with doubtful eyes, Vaan felt wronged,
"She must be talking about the first time, I accept, I did push her a little drink more that time, today however, I did not do anything, she was the one who asked for it, actually, I didn't even have the chance to stop her today, she drank the entire bottle in one gulp."
Vaan explained.
Astra, however, shook her head, "I can't imagine Elara asking for alcohol and gulping the entire bottle down."
"I know! I can't imagine that either, even though I saw it with my own eyes!
Mother, you have to trust your son on this one."
Vaan spoke as he looked into Astra's eyes with a serious look on his face.
"Hmmm."
Astra turned silent.
Then, she glanced at her pupil who was still sleeping on her lap, and decided,
"Let's ask her."
"Should we really wake her up for something like this…?" Vaan questioned. He didn't want to wake Elara up, especially when she was sleeping so peacefully.
Astra, however, was unusually strict on her pupil, "I allowed her to sleep for more than 18 hours yesterday because it was her first time drinking alcohol. It was supposed to be a one-time thing, yet here she is, drunk and out again.
If this continues, her sleep schedule will mess up, which will eventually affect her casting speed and overall performance.
I cannot allow that."
"…I understand." Vaan didn't even bother arguing, from the look in his mother's eyes, he could tell it would be useless.
"Elara, wake up," Astra spoke as she gently tapped on Elara's cheeks.
Seeing that, Vaan couldn't help but pout inwardly, to think the difference in treatment was this huge. If it was him, he was sure that Astra would be pulling and twisting his ears to wake him up, yet in Elara's case, it was the most gentle and affectionate tap on her cheek.
"mm… hmm??"
Elara's eyelids moved.
She then tried to change her position, however, realizing that there was not much space to move her head, she momentarily opened her eyes. Her vision was still blurry, but then, she heard a muffled voice,
"Elara."
"Elara."
"Elara, wake up."
The more she heard it, the clearer the sound got, Elara's vision cleared up and then, her eyes fell on her teacher,
"Teacher~" She muttered, from her tipsy voice, it was clear that she was still under the influence of alcohol.
"Are you awake?" Astra questioned.
 "Hehe~ How do you think I am talking to you? A Person sleeping cannot talk teacher~ It is obvious I am awake~"
"…"
Astra had no words.
She glanced at Vaan and seeing that the latter was trying to control his laughter, her mouth twitched.
"Anyways, Elara, I heard you drank quite a lot of alcohol today."
"N-No…?"
The smile on Elara's face disappeared.
"Are you lying to your teacher right now?" Astra raised her eyebrows.
"I… I…"
This time, Elara was the one who couldn't find any words. No matter how drunk, her respect for her teacher didn't allow her to speak irrationally. She didn't want to lie, but at the same time, admitting that she did something wrong in front of her teacher and disappointing her was not a good option either.
Elara started looking around, trying to find a way to get out of this situation and then, her eyes fell on Vaan.
"V-Vaan gave me."
She shifted the blame to Vaan.
After all, this wasn't exactly a lie either, Vaan was the one who gave her the alcohol.
"W-What?" Vaan's expression changed.
Astra, on the other hand, smiled as she glanced at her only son,
"You dare laugh at me and lie at the same time, you sure have gotten braver, my dear son."
Vaan gulped.
He couldn't believe that even his fiancée was going against him.
He glanced at Elara, however, seeing her pleading eyes, he was unable to do anything. He had to take the blame in her stead.
Vaan just lowered his head and tilted his head a little, silently offering his ear to his mother.
Astra moved and quickly held Vaan's ears, then, she started twisting,
"Ackkk!"
Vaan cried in pain.
"You need t-"
"W-Wait!"
Suddenly, Elara shouted.
She quickly moved away from Astra's lap and fell into Vaan's arm while placing her hand on her teacher's hand,
"Teacher! You can't hurt Vaan!"
She spoke as she looked right into Astra's eyes.
Astra was taken aback. This was the first time she had seen that look in Elara's eyes.
Was it because she was drunk?
Astra wondered in her head, however, seeing that clear look in those eyes, Astra was not sure.
Wanting to test it further, Astra narrowed her eyes,
"He made you drink alcohol which is not good for your health, he deserves punishment."
"No! I studied it, Alcohol is not harmful!" Elara retorted.
"Huh?" Astra frowned.
"Controlled, moderate drinking can have positive effects on the heart and flow of blood all over one's body. Alcohol can also promote social bonding and relaxation in certain situations. Even the teacher consumes alcohol sometimes, so Vaan should not be punished for giving me alcohol."
Elara spoke with a firm look on her face, at the same time, she tightened her hug around Vaan.
It was as if she was getting her courage to stand up to her teacher from Vaan, the person she was trying to defend.
Astra continued to observe her student, the only time Elara participated in such long conversations was when the topic was magic. Yes, she tried to defend Vaan before as well, however, that was usually her taking the blame for him, she never used words against her teacher.
It wasn't wrong to say that Astra was seeing a completely new side of her dear student.
"And what of your current condition shows your 'controlled and moderate' drinking?" Astra questioned. "I didn't know you could pass out when you drink responsibly."
"…"
Elara turned silent.
"Since Vaan was the one who gave you alcohol, was it not his responsibility to make sure that you do not drink recklessly?
Not to mention that this is the second day in a row.
I excused him yesterday, but to think he repeated the same mistake again,
Don't you think he should be punished for that?"
Astra questioned as she looked into Elara's eyes, wanting to see her reaction.
Elara's lips trembled, she tried to come up with an argument, however, there were only so many things her hazy mind could come up with, in the end, she decided to stick to her old tactic.
"I-It was not Vaan's fault…
I was the one who asked for more alcohol and drank carelessly, Vaan even tried to stop me, but I didn't listen… I apologize…
Teacher should punish me instead…"
Elara lowered her head with a dejected look on her face.
Astra nodded to herself, this was the Elara she was familiar with.
However,
Astra concluded a little too quickly.
"Teacher is weird…"
Suddenly, Elara muttered.
"Huh?"
Astra frowned.
"You keep smiling ever since bad Vaan turned into good Vaan, you always say how you are so proud of him but you never show that in front of him and try to punish him instead.
Shouldn't you be more honest with your feelings? I am sure that it would make Vaan happy as well.
Actually, teacher, I think you should drink together with us.
I don't know how it happens, but alcohol gives you the courage to say things that you normally never can.
It brings people close to each other.
It did the same with me and Vaan too.
We even kissed on the lips as well. Not to mention we did it two times since I couldn't understand anything the first time, I asked Vaan to kiss me again and he did. Hehe~ It was so easy~ You ask for what you want and you get it~
How good it would be if we could always stay drunk, no?"
Elara muttered as she glanced at Vaan with a silly smile on her face.
Seeing her like that, Vaan couldn't control the urge to rub her cheek as he smiled.
"Hehe~"
Elara laughed.
Astra, on the other hand, just blinked in absolute surprise.
This girl…
This is definitely not her dear pupil!
Who was she?
Who possessed her little angel!?
"Vaan! Bring another bottle for Teacher! We should drink together with her. Hehehe~ it will be fun~"



Chapter 141 I want both of you to win the Elemental Clash
"Vaan! Bring another bottle for Teacher! We should drink together with her. Hehehe~ it will be fun~"
Elara spoke with a cheerful smile on her face.
Vaan blinked in surprise, he didn't think Elara would propose something like that. However, his eyes then fell on Astra and his head started moving.
Drinking with his mother…
He hadn't done that even in his last life.
'Wait, do parents even drink together with their children?'
Vaan wondered inwardly.
However, no matter how he thought about it, this didn't look like a bad plan.
'I mean, what could possibly go wrong?'
Vaan wondered inwardly and looked at his mother, waiting for her answer.
However, Astra quickly threw cold water on the couple's hope.
"That is not going to happen."
"What? Whyyy?"
Elara was still persistent.
"Teacher drinks in different events arranged by the family, then why can't you drink with us? Do you… hate me?"
Elara questioned, her eyes glittering.
Any being would be weak to that adorable gaze and would give into her demands, Astra, however, was not just any being,
In a firm tone, she looked at her drunk pupil and replied, "I drink because that lightens the overall mood of the event, my subjects wouldn't drink unless I take the first sip, so as the Family Head, it is my responsibility to maintain the lightheartedness of the event that is meant to be enjoyed."
"…"
Vaan didn't know how to counter that.
Drunk Elara, however, wasn't planning on giving up. The idea of drinking together with the teacher was so appealing that she decided to go all in.
"Aaaakkk! Teacher! Please drink with us!"
Elara jumped at Astra, burying her head into the latter's chest and started crying.
Yes, her grand plan to convince her teacher was to start crying and begging in front of her. Then, with moist eyes, she moved her head up, looking right into her teacher's eyes and,
"There are so many things I want to say to you."
"Then just say it."
Astra replied.
"No, I can't say it unless you drink together with me."
"That makes no sense."
"It will make sense if the teacher drinks with me!" Elara spoke. Then, with a small pout on her face, she continued, "I have been a good pupil, haven't I…? Can't you listen to me just this once…? I promise I will work even harder…"
"…"
Astra turned silent.
In front of her pupil acting like that, she couldn't counter anymore. The cards drunk Elara was playing were just too strong.
"Haahh…"
In the end, Astra sighed.
 "Alright."
She gave in.
"However,
I will only drink together with you if both of you win the upcoming Elemental Clash."
Astra didn't become the Family Head by sheer luck. She knew how to get what she wanted even in the most disadvantageous of situations.
"…" This time, Elara was the one who turned silent.
"Then it is a promise, Mother." Vaan however, quickly stepped up the moment he saw the chance.
"You seem quite confident," Astra replied as she glanced at her son.
"Heh, beating 2nd Circle Mages? I can do it with my eyes closed." Vaan replied with a confident look on his face.
And he wasn't lying.
If he gives control over his Mana to the two little cuties flying around him, then let alone eyes closed, he could defeat his opponents even if he is sleeping.
"I don't even have to take my hands out of my pockets, well, that is unless I wish to punch them." Vaan laughed as he cracked his knuckles.
"I am not talking about you alone, Vaan." How could Astra not know about her son's ability?
"I want both of you to win the Elemental Clash." She said as she glanced at Elara.
Vaan, however, was still unbothered as before,
"As I said, just do not forget your words, Mother."
"I will not."
Astra smiled but then,
"Teacher…"
Suddenly, Elara called out.
"Hmm?" Seeing her expression, Astra frowned. Elara was looking at her with her eyes narrowed,
"You don't believe that I can win the Elemental Clash, right? You even made a bet with Vaan, betting against your own student in fact."
Elara spoke with an angry pout on her face.
Astra, on the other hand, furrowed her brows in confusion, "A bet?"
"Ah right, mother. I think Elara is tired now, after all, we did wake her up in the middle of her sleep. Yes, I know you don't want to go easy on her and do not like how she has been consuming so much alcohol lately, I promise this won't be repeated.
I will take the responsibility for my fiancée.
Anyways, how about we let her rest for today and leave her alone?"
"Vaan, I am still talking about the bet." Elara countered, however,
"There is no need to do that, Elara, you need to rest." Vaan hurried Elara.
"But Teacher placed a bet aga-" Elara wanted to retort, but then, Vaan suddenly sealed her lips and her eyes widened in surprise.
Astra blinked in surprise as well.
"Alright, now sleep." Vaan spoke.
"…" Elara turned silent. Vaan quickly tucked her into the bed and then,
"That was too quick,
Do it again."
Elara spoke, Vaan froze, he momentarily glanced at his mother, then, he just sighed and sealed Elara's soft lips again. This time, going for a slow, much more sensual kiss.
Of course, he wasn't shameless enough to involve the tongue right in front of his mother.
He just felt Elara's lips for a while, before kissing her nose, her eyes, and then her forehead.
"Goodnight, my future wife."
Vaan whispered into Elara's ears.
"mm"
Elara muttered as she closed her eyes.
Vaan finally stood up, then glancing at his mother, a fearful smile appeared on his face and, "L-Let's leave, mother."
Without waiting, Vaan quickly walked out of Elara's room. Astra followed him.
As the mother and son walked out of the room, Vaan's body trembled in fear as he smiled weakly.
"You are quite shameless," Astra commented.
"W-What?" Vaan tried to feign ignorance.
"What bet was that girl talking about?"
"B-Bet?"
"Are you treating me like a fool?" Astra narrowed her eyes.
"Mother, it was nothing. I was just trying to motivate her. I said that the two of us placed a bet and that if she doesn't win the Elemental Clash, I would need to give you 150 Elemental Stones, and if she won, you would give me 100 Elemental Stones.
You already know, don't you?
That girl pushes herself more for my sake than her own, so I was just giving her a reason to do her best."
"And in that process, you decided to make me the bad one?"
"Uhh… I had no other choice…"
Vaan answered.
Astra continued to stare at her son for a while, Vaan stood there in silence, ready for another lecture, or even an ear twist, but then,
"If Elara actually does win the Elemental Clash,
Come get your 100 Elemental Stones from me."
Saying those words, Astra started walking away.
"Huh? What? Are you actually betting with me?"
"Why would I bet against my own pupil? I am just setting a reward for you in case she wins. This will motivate you, which in turn will affect her performance.
You don't have to give me anything if she by any chance loses."
Astra replied without stopping.
Hearing those words, a small smile appeared on Vaan's face.
His mother really did care for her pupil, didn't she?
"Don't worry, Mother.
She won't be losing, I promise you that."
Astra momentarily paused, then, she glanced at Nux and, "Elric is quite a strong Mage, you know? Elara will be standing against him if she wants to win.
Not to mention the two of the-"
"She will kick his ass."
"Language."
Astra warned before finally walking away, "Anyways, all the best for the Elemental Clash, I am looking forward to how the two of you will perform."
Vaan nodded then, once he confirmed that his mother is gone, he sneaked into Elara's room again.
Spending time together with his Mother and Fiancee was cool and all, however, he still wanted some time alone with his future wife.
Even if the future wife was currently sleeping.
…
"Lady Astra seems happy."
As Astra walked into her room, a black shadow appeared behind her and turned into Eliza Vesta, her trusted subordinate.
"I am. I saw some good things today."
Astra replied with a smile on her face.
"Is this perhaps related to Young Master Vaan and your Pupil?"
"That is correct." Astra's smile widened.
"I still believe Elara's talent is being wasted on Young Master Vaan.
Even if he has changed, Young Master Vaan does not deserve someone as talented as Elara.
The only thing he does is go around harming other mages and has low self-control. Not to mention he also involved himself with the Dreamweave instead of reporting it to you, it could have gotten you into trouble if Lady Risia or Lord Draven noticed that."
Maybe Eliza was the only person in the entire world who could say such a thing right to Astra's face.
"The Mages he 'harmed' were 2nd Circle Mages who picked the fight with him. It was a 3v1 yet he still won, do you still think he is as untalented as before?"
Astra questioned.
"Even you couldn't do that when you were 2nd Circle Mage."
"I was already a 3rd Circle Mage before reaching 20."
"Oh? And where is the Advance Magic Circle you researched?



Chapter 142 New Punching Bags
"Haaahh!"
Elara shouted as she punched Seraphina, the poor secretary hurriedly stepping back to dodge that punch, however, Elara was relentless. She stepped forward, not giving any chance to Seraphina to recover.
And just as Elara expected, Seraphina, who tried to step back to avoid Elara's second punch mistakenly stepped on her own foot and before she could even lose her balance on her own and fall down,
Elara fist came running down, directly in contact with Seraphina's nose.
"Ugghh!"
Seraphina groaned in pain as she fell down.
Elara finally paused, she took two steps back and took her battle stance again. Her intention was clear, she wanted another round.
Seraphina who saw this just sighed.
She wasn't surprised.
She already expected this outcome.
Elara was unexpectedly strong. Seraphina knew she was a Magic Genius, but to think someone like her was good even in close distance battle, that was quite shocking.
What was more shocking, however, was Vaan and Elara's determination of treating her like a punching bag.
It has already been a week since she was first told to come here and 'spar' with Elara.
And in these 7 days, she has only been a practice dummy for Elara. She had seen how Elara turned from someone who hesitated before even pushing her to someone who started punching her without any care in the world.
It was as if she had already gotten used to punching her face.
This time, she wasn't even using alcohol!
Seraphina cursed her fate.
Of course, after the battle, she was treated like a precious guest of the Vesta Family, an honor that only the most noble mages received, Vaan even made sure to get Mages to use Heal to heal the bruises on her face after the battle.
Seraphina couldn't imagine a Mana-draining spell like Heal would be used for treating mere bruises, even in the Vesta Family, this wasn't a common incident, healing mages only moved when a patient was critically injured, or if it was a competition arranged by the Vesta Family.
Take Karl for example, when he got beaten up by Vaan for the first time, then despite being a Vesta, Healing Mages didn't make a move to heal him. If it wasn't for other factions involving themselves and using Karl to their own advantage after using Heal to heal him, Karl would have needed a year to recover naturally.
'He never fails to remind me that he is the only son of the Family Head…' Seraphina sighed inwardly.
"Is this all you can do...? I am sure you fought for longer than this yesterday, are they perhaps not healing you properly?"
While Seraphina was thinking about all this, she was brought out of her reverie by Elara's question. Seeing her confused expression, Seraphina's mouth twitched, however, in the end, she closed her eyes and sighed.
Then, she stood up and, "Heal does not work on mental fatigue, Lady Elara." She replied.
"That is obvious. Spells related to mind are extremely complex, even a slight mistake in the Magic Pattern can bring permanent harm to the target, so the methods to train them are limited. This is the reason why Mages who excel in Spell related to mind are extremely rare and obviously, if you are one of those mages, I doubt you would want to waste time on learning a spell that could relieve others' physique when you can learn spells related to memory and join Vesta Family's special forces.
Actually, I do have another theory in my mind that could make training mind-related spells relatively sim-"
"I understand what you are trying to say, Lady Elara."
Seraphina interrupted before Elara could go on about her theory. This wasn't the first time this had happened, the usually silent Elara was unusually talkative when she talked about magic.
"No, I am quite interested in that theory of yours, Elara. If we can research it and come up with an actual way that can make learning Mind-related spells efficient, it would be extremely helpful to the family. We should talk about this later tonight."
Vaan spoke up.
Seraphina glanced at the man and sighed again, this man really had changed. To think he would be interested in Magic Theory that wasn't even officially published yet. In Seraphina's eyes, researching on this was no different than wasting time, learning new spells, aiming to get stronger, and trying to create his own faction was a much better option for the current Vaan.
Of course, what she didn't know was that Vaan's thoughts aligned with hers. Honestly, he had no interest in the Magic Theory or whatever, he only wanted to spend time with his fiancée. Seeing Elara's bright eyes as she talked about Magic was something Vaan enjoyed.
Not to mention discussing Magic with Elara was something that was almost always beneficial for him, Elara was like a statue of knowledge, there was never a time when Vaan didn't learn anything new after having a long discussion with Elara.
"Sure! I will come to your room tonight then!" Elara spoke as her expression brightened up, discussing Magic with Vaan? It was her favorite activity she could never get bored of!
"Mhm." Vaan nodded with a gentle smile on his face.
 "Anyways, shall we continue the battle?" He questioned, not forgetting why they were here for in the first place.
With a newfound motivation, Elara nodded, her red eyes shining clearly as she glanced at her opponent.
Seraphina, on the another hand, just sighed and resigned to her fate, 'At least I managed to befriend the Healing Mage.'
She muttered inwardly then glanced at Elara, ready for battle.
Elara moved, Seraphina could clearly see that her movements were more precise and calculated than the first time they sparred.
Of course, Elara wasn't the only one who improved after sparring everyday for an entire week, Seraphina had learned a few tricks as well. Her body balance was not a mess like it was before, he punches were stronger and faster, and her movements were getting more and more comfortable.
The two of them exchanged a few initial blows, Seraphina held on for a good minute but in the end, Elara's strikes were faster and more accurate. She dodged Seraphina's attacks with grace, her eyes never leaving her opponent.
As the duel continued, it became evident that Elara was gaining the upper hand. Her moves flowed effortlessly, and Seraphina struggled to keep up. Elara's strikes were relentless, her desire to win couldn't be hidden.
With a powerful kick, Elara sent Seraphina sprawling to the ground.
"Khawwkk!"
Seraphina coughed a few times, the impact of Elara's kick was too strong.
Elara stood over her opponent, her eyes clear and unwavering. It was a complete and overwhelming victory. However, just like before, rather than celebrating, she stepped back again, wanting to go for another round.
A bitter expression appeared on Seraphina's face, but then,
"Alright, that is enough for today, Seraphina, you can rest now." Suddenly, Vaan spoke up.
"Hmm?"
"What?"
Both Elara and Seraphina were confused.
"It ended faster than usual…" Seraphina couldn't help but mutter.
"Mhm and it is the last day you had to spar with Elara. Thank you for everything you have done these past few days." Vaan smiled.
"It is over…?" Seraphina questioned, still unable to believe Vaan.
"Oi Oi, don't act like I was torturing you for these past seven days, I clearly remember you enjoying the servants serving you while you did absolutely nothing even though you were already healed."
"I was relieving my exhausted mind," Seraphina replied with any shame.
"Yes yes, whatever." Vaan shrugged.
"Vaan… I do not have to fight anymore?" Elara tilted her head in confusion.
From her tone, she sounded a little sad.
She was enjoying beating Seraphina up.
She didn't know why, but punching people didn't feel as bad as she thought it would feel.
'Is it because I am staying with Vaan…?' Elara muttered inwardly when she realized what she was thinking about.
Then, her face turned slightly red and, 'Is he rubbing off on me?'
Seeing her blush like that, Vaan couldn't help but smile.
"Don't worry, my dear fiancée, we are just increasing the level of your training." He spoke.
"I-I am not worried, I was just glad I didn't have to fight anymore, b-but I guess I was wrong." Elara lied.
She didn't want to sound rude to the woman she had punched so many times.
Elara was indeed a caring soul.
"Wait, Young Master Vaan said that you will be increasing level of her training… does that mean…?" Suddenly, Seraphina spoke up as she recalled something.
Vaan's smile widened,
"That is correct." He nodded, then, he knocked on the door of the Magic Training Room from the inside and, "Bring them in."
He ordered.
A minute later, the door opened and Gabel walked inside together with five men,
"Elara, meet your new punching bags, they are the ones you will be fighting now.
A 1v5, and this time,
Using Magic is allowed."



Chapter 143 I need you to help me
"Alright, stop the battle."
Vaan spoke as he sighed. The moment he said those words, Asher and the group stopped casting spells and stopped, and seeing that their barrage of attacks had now halted, Elara removed the shield she had created to protect herself as well.
Vaan then walked towards his fiancée, Elara lowered her head, trying to avoid his gaze, but Vaan held her arm and took her to the side,
"What happened?" He asked gently.
"N-Nothing."
"Elara, the only spell you used in this battle was the Guardian's Wall, that's not even your strongest defense spell, not to mention you didn't use all those attacking spells you discussed together with me.
This is just like what Mother said, you are holding back most of your strength, why are you doing that? Is taking on five opponents at the same time proving to be hard for you?" Vaan questioned.
Elara glanced at her five opponents who were sweating profusely after going against a 4th Circle Mage. Although Elara wasn't known for her strength, just the fact that 2nd Circle Mage stood held on against her till a draw was a big achievement. Not to mention that unlike what most would believe, they were on the attacking side. In other words, they were the ones keeping a 4th Circle Mage in check and not the other way around.
"Haahh…" Alaric, one of the five mages exhaled in relief.
"It was a tough battle indeed." Silas, his teammate muttered.
"Of course it was, we were up against a 4th Circle Mage." Thoren, another team member nodded.
Asher, on the other hand, was silent.
The moment he came here, unlike most people, he didn't notice the white walls, or the strange patterns on the wall, his eyes fell on Seraphina and her bruised face.
In that moment, he realized that whatever he was here for, it was definitely not peaceful, especially considering that Vaan was the one who arranged it. Asher knew just what kind of sadist demon that bastard was, he wouldn't have summoned all five of them there just so they could feel better about themselves.
Something was going to happen, Asher could feel it.
Therefore, to know what it was and to avoid the upcoming situation, he decided to focus on Vaan's and Elara's conversation.
Elara, who was observing all of them for a while finally muttered, "All of them are too weak."
"Huh?" Vaan, who heard that frowned, "Are you worried about hurting them?" He questioned.
With how Elara fought against Seraphina, he thought that she had overcome that problem, but it seems that he was wrong.
"mm."
Elara nodded.
"Why are you worried about that? Don't worry, I have already prepared Healers who would come heal them the moment something out of the ordinary happens."
"B-But they are too weak, what if something happens before Healers can heal them?" Elara was still worried.
"I-I don't think I, as a 4th Circle Mage should fight against them." Elara spoke with an uncertain look on her face.
"Is that so…" Vaan nodded to himself.
Then, another idea popped into his mind, "How about you limit the number of Magic Circles you use to 2? Rather than doing a 1v5, we can do a 1v1 with you limiting the number of Magic Circles you lose, this way, the fight will be fairer and even if they do get hurt, it won't be to a degree where even the healers can't heal them."
He proposed.
"…"
Elara, however, stayed silent.
From her expression, she didn't seem satisfied with this solution either.
"What's wrong now? Are you still worried that you would hurt them? Then how about instead of 1v1, we do a 1v2, although it would be slightly risky for you, I know for sure that you will be able to handle it." Vaan replied.
"Fight between mages is not just decided by number of spells a Mage can use, Vaan. There are many other factors involved as well and the biggest out of them all is the knowledge a Mage possess.
Even if I limit the number of circles I use, the knowledge I have would still be the same, I would recognize what Spell they are casting just from the movement of Mana alone, I would know the next spell they would use to cover the weakness of the spell they are currently casting, I would know the best counter-attack against their spells, that would completely render them powerless.
Fighting the two of them at the same time won't help either, even if the five of them come together, the result won't change. The chances that I end up hurting them are very high.
As for limiting myself to 1st Circle, then there would be no point of the battle since I wouldn't be able to defeat them."
 Elara explained her worries.
This was the change that Vaan had noticed, after drinking with him two times, Elara had opened up to him, even though she still stutters a lot, now she doesn't call him Young Master Vaan like she used to and looks more comfortable around him, even talking about things she would normally won't talk about and reply with silence.
Since the communication between them had improved, dealing with Elara was not as difficult as before.
And Vaan, who heard Elara's worries finally understood the main crux problem.
Elara Flameheart, his fiancée, his future wife, she was an extremely arrogant girl.
Elara was a weird combination of a gentle yet arrogant soul. The reason she never gave her all in any of the Magic Battles she participated in was not just because she was scared of hurting her opponents.
This girl thought that if she goes all out, she would completely overwhelm her opponent, to the point where even if the healers got involved, something unfortunate would still happen to her opponents.
Mind you, Elemental Clash had no screening process while registering Mages. As long as one fits the Circle range and pays the entrance fees, they are allowed to participate. There was no age limit either.
Elara rarely faced an opponent who was the same age as her, most of her opponents were older than her, and even since she had become 4th Circle Mage, most of the Mages she went up against were in their 50s, some of them even touched 70 or 80s.
Even then, she was arrogant enough to believe that these Mages who have been studying Magic for decades, wouldn't be able to hold out against her if she went all out and would meat a bad end.
'Heh.'
Vaan couldn't help but chuckle inwardly when he realized that.
How arrogant.
And the worst part about all this?
Just when one starts to hate or blame Elara for being so arrogant, she reveals her second side. Her gentle smile where even when she 'knew' that her opponent wouldn't stand a chance against her, she didn't let her ego get in and decided to throw the match just so she could save her opponent.
Elara was ready to face humiliation herself rather than hurt her enemies.
An arrogant yet extremely kind woman.
'A strange combination indeed.'
Vaan chuckled in his head as he glanced at his fiancée with a gentle smile on his face.
"Then how about you spar against me?" Vaan questioned.
"Huh?" Elara frowned.
"Limit the number of Circles you use to two and spa-"
"No." Before Vaan could even complete his sentence, Elara already shook her head with a firm look on her face.
This was one of the rarest time when no matter what Vaan said, Elara wouldn't change her opinion and seeing that, Vaan raised his eyebrow,
"You aren't thinking you can win against me, are you? No matter how experienced you are, Elara, your Magic Circles can only take you so far.
I wouldn't have been able to say anything for sure if I was using normal Magic Circles,
But I am planning to use Advanced Magic Circles.
You don't have to worry about hurting me and can go all out."
Vaan spoke but again, Elara shook her head, "I can't cast my spells if Vaan is my target. My Mana won't move like I would want it to."
"…"
Vaan didn't know how to reply.
His fiancée was just too adorable.
'Fuck, I lucked out.' Vaan muttered inwardly, thanking his stars again.
Then, however, he firmly shook his head.
"Actually, Elara…
There was something I wanted to tell you for a long time…" Vaan leaned closer and whispered into Elara's ears.
"What is it?" sensing his tone, Elara questioned with an earnest look on her face.
"Do you remember how I was injured a few days ago? It was too the point where I was bedridden."
"I remember it, you dueled against them and got injured." Ther was no way Elara could forget it.
"It was not a duel." Vaan spoke.
"Huh?" A frown appeared on her face, this was different from what she was told.
"Those bastards attacked me from behind." Vaan spoke as he secretly pointed at the five Mages.
"What…?" Elara's expression changed.
"The reason I called them here…
It was selfish…
I can't do it on my own because of some reasons but…
I want revenge…
And I need you to help me."
Vaan then glanced at the five mage and,
"Please fight them and avenge me,"



Chapter 144 Leifs strength
"Zephyr Blades!"
A shout was heard, 4 Magic Circles shined brightly, razor-sharp blades of wind shot in a certain direction.
"Inferno Torrent!" in response to the upcoming spell, another shout was heard, enemy's 4 Magic Circles shined brightly as well, summoning a fiery whirlwind to counter the incoming wind blades. The two elemental forces clashed, creating a breathtaking yet destructive display of dueling elements.
The two mages looked into each other's eyes, the Fire Mage's eyes were filled with determination and will to win. He looked at his opponent with a grave look on his face, trying to figure out a way to win the battle.
His opponent, Leif Vesta, on the other hand, had a small smile on his face, reflecting his confidence. By no means, was the Fire Mage weak, he was a 4th Circle Mage, just like Leif, however, the ease at which Leif was handling this battle made it seem like he was fighting with a child.
"Aeroguard Shield."
Leif summoned a cyclone of wind, creating a protective barrier that swirled around him like a tempest.
"Fiery Wall."
His opponent did the same, summoning a wall of scorching flames. Unlike lower-level mages, they didn't have to focus on one spell alone. With the amount of Mana a 4th Circle Mage can store in his Mana Veins, casting four or even five spells at the same time wasn't impossible.
Of course, casting more than one spell at the same time was no simple matter and required extreme concentration and talent.
And the Fire Mage was one such Mage who could cast 2 spells at the same time.
"Inferno Snare."
And that is what he did, quickly drawing the required pattern for his next spell, the mage summoned fiery tendrils that shot towards Leif to breach his defenses.
"Heh." Leif however, just chuckled.
His Magic Circles suddenly started shining even more brightly, the Cyclone of wind that surrounded him suddenly became erratic and much stronger than before. Leif's black hair moved in the air, making him look like a Divine being who just descended from the heavens.
The Cyclone of wind quelled the flames that approached Leif as if it were the easiest thing to do.
The Fire Mage, however, didn't seem surprised, rather, he had already expected this.
After all, it was not the first time he was battling Leif. He had come prepared
"Pyroclasmic Grasp."
He spoke, his 4 Magic Circles shined brightly, this time, the Fire Mage didn't hold back, he used all the Mana he had stored up inside his Mana Veins, summoning a surge of superheated, molten energy, coiling it into powerful fiery tendrils. This spell is designed to not only breach an opponent's defenses but to envelop them in a fiery grip, causing intense burns and creating immense discomfort.
It was one of Fire Mage's trump cards.
Something that required him a lot of time to cast, the time he bought using Inferno Snare as a distraction.
"That looks quite dangerous," Leif muttered as he glanced at the spell the Fire Mage was summoning. The spells like these were troublesome, just from how the Mana was reacting to the spell was enough for Leif to understand how dangerous the spell was. The best way to deal with spells like these was to stop the Mage from casting them, however, Leif knew that even if he used the fastest spell in his directory, he couldn't stop his opponent from completing the spell.
The situation was grave, Leif was in a pinch,
Or… at least that's what the Fire Mage thought,
But then,
"I am quite impressed, Alex. You have shown me something great, I didn't expect to see such a performance from you."
Leif praised, then, a small smile appeared on his face, and,
"In exchange, let me show you something interesting as well."
And as if all the talking was done with an intention of bidding for time, Leif quickly summoned his counter spell almost instantly.
"Vortex Ascension."
The Fire Mage, Alex's eyes widened in surprise as he suddenly saw Leif soaring into the air, riding the winds as a tornado formed beneath him.
This man…
He was flying!
The Pyroclasmic Grasp, the spell that was made just to pierce through his opponent's defenses, it collided with the tornado, however, without any matter to burn and the horrifying pressure from the wind, the flames disappeared.
 One of Alex's strongest spells was rendered useless and the worst part?
Leif wasn't done.
"Tempest Slam."
He descended rapidly, aiming to strike his foe with a devastating slap created by strong winds.
Alex was out of Mana, so without having any choice, he decided to run away, trying to gather Mana as he ran. An efficient process, but Alex didn't have any option.
*Boom* *Boom* *Boom*
Alex continued to run as wind currents descended from above, trying to crush him into the ground, Leif, who was still riding the tornado enjoyed the situation. His superiority was clear, his was currently in the air where most spells wouldn't reach him because of the tornado under him, in this position, he could continue to absorb Mana from the air, continuing the Battle without having to worry about Mana for as long as his Mental Strength allowed him to.
As for Alex, after already dodging three Tempest Slams, his body balance was already a mess, his speed had slowed down and he knew he couldn't dodge the fourth attack, so in desperation and panic, with whatever Mana he had, he summoned a Flame Wall to protect himself.
"That's a mistake."
Leif chuckled.
The Tempest Slam tore through the Flame Wall Alex had summoned. There was no way a spell cast in desperation could rival a spell as strong as Tempest Slam.
Not to mention the Flames Alex summoned were already unstable because of the Tornado beneath Leif.
"Arrgghhh!!"
Alex screamed in agony as the wind current forced him to the ground, he felt like he was being stepped on by a giant, and at the same time, wind currents started slashing his body, covering it with cuts and blood.
"Aaarrgghhh! Defeat! I admit defeat!"
Alex shouted at the top of his lungs, unable to take the pain anymore and the moment he did, the wind blades that surrounded Alex's body and the Tornado Leif was riding, everything disappeared as if it was all a lie.
"Ugghh!" Leif fell on the ground butt first.
"You did well."
A calm, mature voice was heard as a man with mysterious and strong air around him stepped in. The man had sharp features, with black hair and black eyes that radiated strength. The man's face was covered with wrinkles and he had gray hair, usually, this symbolized old age and weakness, the man, however, seemed different.
His back was straight, his aura was strong and noble, his eyes reflected boundless knowledge, no matter how one looked at him, he didn't seem like a normal old man at all.
And he was not.
"Grandfather." Leif greeted.
Yes, this old man was Leif's grandfather, Alaric Rhydian Vesta, Blood brother of the previous Head of the Vesta Family, Elysia Rhydian Vesta, and a prodigy known for his excellence in his time.
If it weren't for Elysia, Alaric would have been the one leading the Vesta Family, that was how talented this man was.
The old man held considerable power in the Vesta Family, even if the current Family Head, Astra Elysia Vesta, were to meet him, she would need to bow her head in respect not just because the man was her mother's blood brother, but because of his strength.
Alaric was so strong that even though she has reached where she had, Astra still wasn't sure if she could defeat him.
Of course, this didn't mean she believed she would lose, she was just uncertain.
And just that evaluation alone was enough to understand what sort of being Alaric was.
"Take him to the Healer," Alaric ordered.
4 servants walked and quickly took Alex away on the stretcher.
Ignoring the servants, Alaric turned towards his grandson and, "You should be more careful, if you have the absolute advantage, just ask them to give up, there is no need to follow through with your attacks."
"Are you telling me to go easy on my enemies?" Leif questioned as he rubbed his butt. It still hurt because of his sudden fall.
"That boy is not your enemy, Leif.
He is your sparring partner."
"He was my enemy till the spar ends. This is what you taught me, Grandfather. I do not go easy on my opponents."
Leif spoke with a determined look on his face.
"You are not in a place to do that. You need their support if you wish to become the next Head of the Family. Don't forget, other than your slightly better talent the fact that you are fooling Elric by acting subservient to him and making a fool out of him in the eyes of those who know the truth, you have no other advantage over the other heirs.
You need to bid for more time till you are strong enough to overpower all the other Prospective Heirs and in the meantime, you cannot lose those who choose to follow you just because of your reckless price.
The existence of our Faction is still a secret and that is what makes it more unstable.
You need to be careful."



Chapter 145 Tomorrow will be fun
"The existence of our Faction is still a secret and that is what makes it more unstable.
You need to be careful."
Alaric spoke with a solemn look on his face, then, his expression turned sour as he suddenly recalled something and continued, "Not to mention there is that Vaan as well. That's a wild card that is out of our calculations, so play carefully around him."
Hearing those words, Leif's expression changed as well, "Does Grandfather really think of Vaan as a threat?"
"…" Alaric stayed silent.
Seeing this, Leif's frown deepened, "He is merely a 2nd Circle Mage who is in his 20, at best, his talent is comparable to other Prospective Heirs, he is nowhere near me.
Rather than focusing on him, isn't it more beneficial to plan our actions in the upcoming Elemental Clash and decide how to act when I face Elric?
Should I just defeat him and steal his glory, or should I let him win to keep in the delusion that he is better than me and I am merely his loyal follower?"
Leif questioned, from his tone, it was clear that he didn't put Vaan in his eyes, he saw no reason to do that, his grandfather, however, was different.
"I still cannot understand the Principals behind the Advance Magic Circles he created, I have analyzed all the approaches possible, however, the Circles go against the very Basics of the Magic,
That so-called Advance Circle is fundamentally wrong.
Other mages cannot use it."
"What…?" Hearing those words, Leif narrowed his eyes.
"Are you sure about this? Maybe grandfather missed something?"
"I have been studying Magic longer than you have lived and from my experience, I can confidently say that the 'Advance Magic Circle' is nothing but a trap.
A trap designed to buy time for Vaan."
"A trap…?" Leif was confused.
"I know Astra better than most people, she is an extremely family-oriented woman, it something could strengthen the family, she would do her best to do it.
Vaan's Magic Circle does just that, but even then, she isn't coming forward and talking about the Magic Circle because she knows this as well.
Researching that flawed Magic Circle is nothing but a waste of time."
Alric spoke, then, his expression turned serious and he continued, "And the fact that Vaan suddenly changed and can now use a Flawed Magic Circle he created out of nowhere,
I am worried about it.
I would even say that the threat he poses is much stronger than the other Prospective Heirs. Leif, listen to me, I am sure that those people would be using their power to force Vaan to join the Academy together with you lot.
Use this opportunity to get close to him, even if you have to switch sides, go through it. We already know most things about Elric, Vaan however, is still covered in mystery, try to learn more about him. Try to understand how he thinks, his future goals, the reason for his change, and if possible…
The way to use that Advance Circle he uses."
Alric suggested and Leif, who finally realized the seriousness of the situation nodded solemnly.
"As for whether you should go all out and defeat Elric or not in the upcoming Elemental Clash,
Lay low.
It is still not the time to reveal yourself, let Elric enjoy his time for now.
Let him gather all the fame and support he can, then, we will simply appear at the end and reap the rewards of his efforts."
"I understand." Leif nodded again.
"Anyways, you did a good job learning Vortex Ascension, I didn't think you would Master one of my strongest 4th Circle Spells so quickly.
That Spell, especially when combined with Tempest Slam, is an extremely strong combination that made me one of the strongest 4th Circle Mages in my time.
Use it well."
"I will, grandfather." Leif nodded.
 "Alright, I won't take more of your time, train hard and I shall take my leave." Saying those words, Alaric walked away, Leif glanced at his Grandfather's back for a while, then, he bowed his head before starting to practice his Magic again. 
…
"Haa!"
A black-haired woman shouted, 4 Magic Circles shined brightly around her, then 4 crystal-shaped spikes were formed, at a ridiculously fast speed, the spikes moved in 4 different directions, piercing through the four Golems' heads without any resistance.
*Thud* *Thud* *Thud*
The four Golems fell on the ground and stopped moving and seeing that, a smile appeared on Lirael's face.
"You finally learned Crystal Bullets." Vaelen, who was watching his sister practice spoke with a satisfied look on his face.
"Just this spell alone should be enough to place you in a decent position in the Elemental Clash."
"But it is still not enough for me to win," Lirael spoke with a grim look on her face.
"You worry too much. It doesn't matter even if you do not win. Your opponent is Elric, he is 6 years older than you, there is no need to beat yourself out if you can't defeat him."
"Yes, I know, the plan is to get a position that would not negatively affect our Faction's image." Lirael nodded. Then, suddenly, her face turned serious and she questioned, "Who do you think would be the four winners of the tournament, brother?"
"Does it really matter? It is just a simple tournament, people take it much more seriously than required.
Do you truly believe the Head of the Vesta Family could be chosen by a competition that is held annually?" Vaelen sounded carefree.
"The Elemental Clash may not directly choose the next heir of the Family, however, it is a stage where the Vesta Children can show their might to the world.
This is not only used to show the might of the Vesta Family but also for a Prospective Heir to gather more forces and strengthen his factions." Lirael's reply was clear.
She understood the Elemental Clash and its importance much more than her brother.
After all, she was the planner of their team.
"Don't we already have our factions?" Vaelen questioned.
"Brother, sometimes I believe you act like this just so you could annoy me." Lirael shook her head.
Vaelen grabbed his sister's hand and laughed out loud, "No no, why would I annoy my cute little sister?"
"Because you enjoy it."
"I admit that, however, I do not do it to annoy you. I wouldn't want to be hated by my sister, now would I?" he spoke as he pulled Lirael's cheeks with a big smile on his face.
"…"
Lirael didn't say anything and just allowed her brother to do whatever he wanted.
Not like this man was going to stop even if she told him to.
And… she didn't exactly hate it either.
Thinking that, Lirael closed her eyes, stopped thinking about everything, and rested her mind for a moment.
…
"You are not training?"
Risia questioned as she walked into her Magic Training room and saw Elric sitting on the floor without doing anything.
"Is there any need to? Isn't my victory pretty much guaranteed?" Elric replied.
Risia narrowed her eyes then, she walked towards her child and sat next to him, "A journey of a Mage is always filled with uncertainties, Elric. You should always prepare for the worst-case scenarios."
"Mother, you don't believe those words yourself either, do you?"
Elric questioned as he laughed out loud. "There is no way I will lose this time."
"How arrogant," Risia commented.
"I call it confidence." Elric was ready with a reply.
"So what are you doing here? You only sit on the floor like this when something is bothering you or you are deeply contemplating something.
What could possibly be bothering my child who is about to win the Elemental Clash?"
Risia questioned with a small smile on her face.
"I am thinking about how to defeat that bastard," Elric spoke with a cold look on his face.
"Vaan?"
"Correct. I am wondering if there is any way to defeat him in the tournament."
"There is none." Risia shook her head.
"That is why I am thinking of one."
"It is nothing more than a waste of time. His Advance Circles make him invincible amongst the 2nd Circle Mages."
"That annoying Magic Circle again." Elric spat.
Then, he glanced at his mother and, "Have you still not understood the principal behind that circle?"
"Astra wouldn't have revealed it to the general public if it was that easy."
"Tsk." Elric snorted.
"Just focus on winning the Elemental Clash, Elric. You will get many chances to deal with Vaan in the future."
Elric's eyes shined brightly, his rage and hatred for Vaan couldn't be more apparent.
…
"…"
"…"
Astra and Vaan turned silent as they glanced at the red-haired woman in front of them. Then, a proud smile appeared on Vaan's face as he lifted his chest,
"What do you think, Mother?"
He questioned as he turned towards Astra.
"Have you prepared the 150 Elemental Stones you promised to give me?"
Astra chuckled, then, looking at her disciple, a satisfied smile appeared on her face and suddenly, a pouch appeared in her hands and she passed it to Vaan.
"Take it."
The meaning behind her action couldn't be any clearer,
In Astra's head, the result of the Elemental Clash was already decided.
"Tomorrow will be fun."



Chapter 146 Elemental Clash
"People of the Vesta City!"
Suddenly, a loud voice echoed through the Vesta City.
One must understand that Vesta City, while commonly referred to as a city, is, in reality, colossal. It is as vast as the Four Great Kingdoms of Agresia, spanning over ten million square kilometers.
The Colossal City was divided into 8 Mystic Domains and one Central Domain where the Vesta Mansion is located, each of those Mystic Domains had around 20 Districts, some domains having more while some had less depending on different factors like area, demographics, unique characteristics of the said domain, and other things.
Anyways, these Districts further consist of hundreds of Towns or Municipalities, there are also different wards and communities to manage densely populated areas.
All these administrative divisions are organized in a strict hierarchal system that is managed by the Vesta Family living in the Central Domain.
Of course, the entire Administrative System that managed such a huge city was complex and needed a lot of manpower working in a systematic way. The Vesta Family had perfected this System after constantly improving it for thousands of years.
Even then, there are sometimes people who manage to find loophole in the system and use it to their advantage. Anyways, that is the matter for some other day, today, the air around this big city was different.
Even the people living on the very edge of this colossal city could hear the announcer's voice. Even the smallest of wards and communities had at least one big screen floating in the sky, showing the huge stage where the Mages would battle each other.
Of course, arranging such a broad event was not simple and required huge amount of resources, the fact that the Vesta City could manage it for free showed just how strong the Vesta Family's foundation was.
Soon, the screen shifted to show a beautiful blonde-haired woman with an energetic air around her, she then pointed at the screen and,
"Are you prepared to bear witness to the most exciting Magic Tournament in the entire Agresia!?
Are you eagerly awaiting the spectacle of our city's most skilled Mages engaging in fierce battles to assert their dominance? And, above all, are you ready to meet the Mages who will be crowned as the champions in their respective tiers!?
The long-awaited moment has arrived!
The Elemental Clash of Year 5039 is about to commence!"
"YEAAHHHH!!!"
The entire stadium erupted in cheers. Just from the sheer excitement people showed and the amount of resources the Vesta Family invests into it, one could tell just how big of a tournament the Elemental Clash was.
People all over Agresia came to the Vesta City just to get a chance to witness this tournament.
Despite being held every single year, the Elemental Clash was much more popular than many Tournaments that are held once in a decade.
The crowd cheered for more than 5 minutes, shouting the names of the Mages they supported, showing their overflowing excitement and once the people finally calmed down, the announcer took this as her cue and continued,
"But before we kick off the tournament, let's extend a warm welcome to our distinguished guest. She is the leader who has consistently governed our city with fairness and safeguarded us from all potential threats. Please stand up and show your respects to the esteemed head of the Great Vesta Family, Astra Elysia Vesta!"
As the announcement rang through the grand arena, all eyes turned expectantly to the entrance, awaiting the arrival of Ruler of the City. The crowd buzzed with excitement, their murmurs and whispers rippling through the air like a gentle breeze.
Moments later, a hushed silence descended on the arena as a vision of elegance and authority, Lady Astra, swept into the arena. Her presence was nothing short of regal. She wore a breathtaking black gown that seemed to emphasize her ethereal beauty and noble aura. The attire, intricately designed and adorned, accentuated her grace and the proud insignia of the Vesta Family that adorned it.
Her black hair cascaded like a silken waterfall, matching the depth of her eyes, which were the same rich shade. Lady Astra's face was exquisite, radiating a timelessness that marked her as a true paragon of her noble lineage.
"Lady Astra!"
"Long Live the Vesta Family!"
As Astra moved gracefully, the crowd couldn't help but erupt into applause and admiration. Their cheers filled the arena, a demonstration of the profound respect and adoration they held for their esteemed leader. The applause and cheers were like a tidal wave of devotion, echoing her name and reverberating through the grand space.
Lady Astra acknowledged her people's heartfelt reception with a gracious smile, her eyes sparkling with gratitude. She paused for a moment, relishing the deep connection she had with her subjects and their unwavering loyalty.
After she became the Family Head, she couldn't leave the Family House that easily, so opportunities where she could see the people of her city were rare. Therefore, Astra always made sure to thoroughly enjoy such moments and personally assess how the people of her city were doing.
Finally, Lady Astra made her way to a specially prepared seat in the arena. The chair, meticulously arranged, was a symbol of honor befitting the head of the Great Vesta Family. As she took her place, the audience's respectful hush grew even deeper, every gaze fixed upon her, their devotion as unwavering as her noble presence.
Astra smiled, then, she glanced at the Host of the event and, "Start the Tournament." She ordered. Unlike the Host, she didn't have any equipment that amplified her voice to make it audible, but even then, her calm and gentle voice carried so much strength that every being in the huge arena could hear it clearly.
The host quickly nodded, then, she turned towards the crowd and,
"Since we already received Lady Astra's permission, let's start what we all have gathered here for!
Just like every other year, the participants of this year's Elemental Clash have been divided into 4 Tiers as well!
1st Tier having 300 1st Circle Mages.
 2nd Tier having 200 2nd Circle Mages.
3rd Tier having 100 3rd Circle Mages.
And the last and the you people are the most excited for,
4th Tier having 64 participants, all of them being one of our cities' finest 4th Circle Mages."
Of course, this wasn't the total number of mages who wanted to participate in the tournament, with how grand the tournament was and how many opportunities it opened up for different mages, every Mage wanted to participate in the Elemental Clash.
According to the reports, the total number of applications received from the 8 Mystic Zones combined was 842,581, and from such a large number, only 664 Elite Mages were been selected.
Each Mystic Domain selected their best Seventy 1st Circle Mages, Forty 2nd Circle Mages, twenty 3rd Circle Mages, and twelve 4th Circle Mages, the rest of the Mages came from the Central City, which mostly consisted of Mages from the Vesta Family. Most of the other families in the Central District usually sent their children to other domains to participate in the tournament from their side, avoiding the Vesta Mages at the start.
The Elemental Clash was not only a tournament between Mages, it was also a Clash between different noble families who wanted to show their might, not only that, even the 8 Mystic Domains completed each other, with the Domain with the best performance receiving resources to cultivate more and more mages.
This in turn made the Mystic Zone Administrators work hard to produce young talent, they arranged special tournaments in the Districts, Towns, Municipalities and wards under them, throughout the year, trying to find the strongest mages for each tier who could represent them in the elemental Clash.
This promoted Magic throughout the Vesta City, allowing the colossal city to continuously produce top-tier Mages from generations.
"So, without further ado, let's start with our 1st Tier, let us see how our 1st Tier Mages would perform this year, please put your hands together for Elowen Frostfury and Cassius Flamestrider.
The two mages, please come to the Stage number 1."
Just like that, the tournament started.
The Arena was huge and had a total of 16 Stages the Mages could fight in, each Stage had 2 Healers who were always ready to treat the injured and its own personnel referee who started and decided the result of the Magic Duel.
One by one, the announcer continued to call the participants and assigned them to their designated Stages.
Under the crowd's excited cheers, the Magic Duels started, of course, the people here couldn't possibly focus on all 16 Magic Duels at the same time, they only focused on the battles that excited them the most.
To gain the attention of most of the crowd was also a form of achievement for some mages.
The winners qualified for the next round while the losers were eliminated from the tournament without having any second chance, it was unfair to Mages who faced strong opponents from the beginning, but so was life.
The Clash between different 1st Circle Mages continued for the long time,
As for the Hall where the 200 2nd Circle Mages were gathered...
Something completely out of the expectation was happening.



Chapter 147 Please let us surrender
The 200 2nd Circle Mages were all gathered in a hall, waiting to get their tokens and know what opponent they would be facing for the first round. This was a common practice in the Elemental Clash, although the Mages are called out individually in front of everyone, in truth, everything, starting from their opponents and the Stage they fight in, all of it is predetermined.
The gathered mages observed each other carefully, all of them were known elites from the region they came, this however, was the Central Domain, this was where the strongest and most elite of the mages gathered.
This was the peak of magic competition and just by judging from the atmosphere, one could feel overwhelmed. Some Mages looked confident and walked with their heads raised, others, however, were nervous as they looked around.
Everyone calculated their chances of winning, trying to figure out the rank they would get or how they would impress the Vesta Family that will be observing their performance today.
This air inside the hall was certainly lively, but suddenly, a huge shout was heard.
""Young Master Vaan!""
Five Mages shouted as they knelt down in front of Vaan.
Seeing this, Vaan 'frowned' in confusion and then questioned, "What are you all doing?"
"Young Master Vaan, we have a request."
Asher spoke.
"Do you think it is time to be taking any request? It is time to take your tokens and get onto the stage.
With the speed at which they are fighting, it won't take long before the Winner of Tier One is decided.
Go and prepare for your battles, you must be in your prime situation if you want to get the best possible results."
Vaan spoke.
By now, most of the two hundred mages had turned towards Vaan and the five mages who were kneeling on the ground, as mages, containing their curiosity was something they were all bad at.
"Young Master Vaan, it is regarding the Elemental Clash, please listen to our humble request." Asher sounded adamant.
Vaan sighed, "What is it?" he questioned in defeat.
"Please allow us to surrender if by chance we are up against you." Asher requested.
"Huh? Why would you do that?" Vaan furrowed his brows in confusion.
"In exchange, I hope that Young Master Vaan remembers our names. We know that Young Master Vaan has recently become one the of Potential Heirs of the Vesta Family. We may not have the power to directly help you, but please see our surrender as a sign of our support to you."
Asher spoke and the moment he did, the other mages frowned in confusion.
"What are they talking about? And why are they kneeling on the ground?" A mage questioned another mage who stood near me.
"How would I know?" The other mage replied.
They weren't the only pair, all the mages in the hall had started murmuring to each other as well.
"Asher, the Elemental Clash is an event where the Mages show off their strength. Even if you do not win, if you manage to impress the Family recruiters by your skill, the chances that you will be recruited by the Family are extremely high.
No mage would want to surrender before the battle and lose that opportunity. Why are you trying to surrender before the battle even begins just so I can remember your name? I am telling you right now, being recruited by the Family is much more advantageous than being remembered by me.
This is my honest advice to you, no matter who you face, give your best. The worst that can happen is that you will lose. What is so bad about it? What if you get lucky and catch the eyes of one of the recruiters? Your entire life would change in an instant."
Vaan spoke as he patted on Asher's head, the other mages agreed with Vaan's words, they didn't come this far just to surrender before even fighting, this opportunity, there is no way they were going to give it up. After saying his piece, Vaan was about to leave, but then,
"I am not talking foolishly, Young Master Vaan! I have considered this decision for days before finally deciding to go along with it.
I have analyzed the results of Elemental Clashes held before this one. Most of the time, the Vesta Family only recruits Mages from the Third and Fourth Tier, while the First and Second Tier get nothing.
Last year, only 3 out of the 200 Mages from the Second Tier were reported and this was considered good since the year before that, there were no recruitments from the Second Tier, and the year before only one mage was recruited.
The chances of us low-level mages getting recruited are extremely low.
On the other hand, Young Master Vaan is a Mage with a bright future. We have already witnessed your strength when you fought those mages who challenged you before, with you Advance Circle, you can already be called the strongest 2nd Circle Mage in the world, if we are unfortunate enough to get matched against you, then rather than embarrassing ourselves, it is much better to surrender and get into Young Master's good book.
Young Master Vaan, please be generous and let us selfishly hold your thighs. I promise we will work hard in the future and make sure that you do not regret your decision.
Please let us surrender, Young Master Vaan!"
 Asher spoke and as he did, Elara's four other punching Bags repeated after him as well,
""Please let us surrender, Young Master Vaan!""
"…"
"…"
The entire Hall turned silent. The mages couldn't understand what was happening. Most of the Mages here were new, however, even the ones who were quite talented and got to join the Elemental Clash every year were taken aback as well. This was the first time they were witnessing a situation like this.
"Hey, isn't that man Young Master Vaan? From what I know, he is only a 1st Circle Mage and never dared to participate in the Elemental Clash because he was weak. What is he doing here? And why are those 5 kneeling in front of him? Do they have a screw loose in their heads or something? Or is it all an act?"
A mage from a ward that was located in the outskirts of the Vesta City questioned with a confused look on his face. It was clear from his question that he was not quite up to date about the recent events.
"Tsk, this is the recent they shouldn't allow some bumkins to stand together with people like us! Do you even know what you are talking about? Are you perhaps living in past!? Young Master Vaan has long revealed his real talents to the rest of the world!
Weak? Weak my ass! Young Master Vaan is probably, no, surely the strongest out of all the mages here. So strong that the well-informed Mages aren't even vying for the Top Spot this year and are desperately hoping that they do not face Young Master Vaan before the finals."
Another Mage from the Central Region snorted.
"That is correct! A screw loose in their heads? I'd say that they have come up with a fine idea. What's the point of fighting Young Master Vaan anyway? How are we supposed to face him when his Magic Circles are 1.5 times bigger than ours and have a total of 12 Inner Circles? At this point, Young Master Vaan is already comparable to a 3rd Circle Mage, there is no way normal 2nd Circle Mages like us would be able to hold off against him."
"I agree. Young Master Vaan has the ability to defeat us so one-sidedly that even if we gave our all, rather than impressing the recruiters, we would only become a laughing stock. I'd rather we do what they are doing, surrender, and show our support to Young Master Vaan.
If Young Master Vaan remembers our face, then in the future when he grows even stronger, than we might benefit more from it."
Another Mage nodded.
"That… doesn't sound like a bad option…"
"Indeed…"
One by one, more and more mages started agreeing, these were the mages who had either seen or heard about Vaan's achievements. After all, the fact that Vaan defeated 6 mages in one go was already well-known in most parts of the Vesta City. Not to mention one of those mages was even a 3rd Circle Mage, although he used Instant Spells to win the battle, just the fact that Vaan won and even killed a 3rd Circle Mage made him quite fearsome.
More mages nodded and started considering what to do, then suddenly, a white-haired woman walked out and knelt,
"Please let me surrender as well, Young Master Vaan."
Seraphina spoke with her head bowed.
A mage had already taken action.
'Shit! The later I take action, the weaker my impression will be!'
Knowing that fact, another Mage jumped forward and,
"My name is Isolde Varanas from the Varanas Family,
Please let me surrender and show my support to you, Young Master Vaan."
'Shit! We are late!'
Other mages rushed forward as well.
""Please let us surrender, Young Master Vaan!""
Taken back by the situation, Vaan momentarily glanced at Seraphina and a small smile appeared on his secretary's face.



Chapter 148 How about we make a bet
""Please let us surrender, Young Master Vaan!""
Taken back by the situation, Vaan momentarily glanced at Seraphina and a small smile appeared on his secretary's face.
"What are Young Master Vaan's plans for the upcoming Elemental Clash?"
He remembered Seraphina asking him this question a week ago. That time, his answer was simple,
"What else? I participate, beat the shit out of my opponents and win. I don't see this going anywhere else." Vaan was confident. If it was 2nd Circle Mages, he highly doubted there would be any who could defeat him.
Seraphina didn't doubt it either, she had witnessed Vaan's strength enough time to understand where that confidence came from, however,
"Isn't Young Master Vaan planning to become the next Family Head?"
Suddenly, Seraphina questioned.
"Is that even a question? Of course I am."
"Then shouldn't you try to stand out compared to rest of the Prospective Heirs?" Seraphina questioned, finally noticing her line of question, Vaan stopped answering in such a carefree manner, his aura changed as he narrowed his eyes, then, he questioned,
"What are you trying to say?"
"Hasn't almost all your siblings been the Second Tier's Champion? Sure, Young Master Vaan's victories would be more one sided, but that would be it. In the end, wouldn't you just be following your siblings footsteps if you just go and win the Elemental Clash?"
"Then what else do you suggest?" Vaan questioned.
Should he lose instead? Would that even make sense?
However, knowing that his secretory was brighter than most, Vaan gave her the benefit of doubt and allowed her to explain herself.
"What if Young Master Vaan wins the tournament without fighting even a single battle? Wouldn't that leave an impact that would last for years to come by?"
"Win without fighting?"
"That is correct. Your opponents surrendering before the fight even begin, not just once, but almost every time you step on the stage.
Wouldn't that be a show of your absolute dominance?
The Young Master of the Vesta Family's presence alone was so overbearing that his opponents gave up without even trying to fight him.
Has any of your brothers done this before, no, has anyone in the history of the Vesta Family ever achieved that?
I believe the impact you would create with it would be extremely helpful when you start creating your faction and would destabilize the opposite factions."
Seraphina spoke, her eyes shining brightly as she imagined the scenario play out.
"…and how do you plan to make that happen? You know those mages have come from hundreds of thousands of kilometers away just so they could participate in the Elemental Clash, correct? Although the Teleportation Portals made travel easier, however, the cost of using those portals alone would be astronomical.
You think they would just leave without even giving a fight?"
"Their Travelling cost is covered by the Mystic Domains they are from, Young Master. You don't have to worry about that. Actually, I already have a plan that could make what I said possible."
"Oh?" Hearing those words, Vaan raised his eyebrow in interest. "What is it?" He questioned.
Seraphina smiled and then,
"We would need Asher and others to participate in a little act…"
She started explaining her plan.
And there they were, in the current situation, where more than half of the mages were kneeling on the ground, with their heads low, all of them wanting to show their willingness to surrender to him.
'She sure is capable.'
Vaan thought inwardly as he glanced at his secretary kneeling in front of her.
Honestly, this was the first time he was facing a situation like this. Yes, he was a fearsome underworld leader in his path life who was feared by many, in his peak, he commanded over 1000 thugs, however, they didn't have this tradition of kneeling in front of others.
This show of absolute surrender, there wasn't a thing like this in his past life.
 It was quite a novel experience for Vaan and he was not intimidated by the slightest, rather…
He loved the beautiful sight in front of him.
'Heh, this is something I can get used to.'
He spoke as he chuckled inwardly. He felt a strange sense of satisfaction flowing throughout his body.
Unknowingly, Seraphina may have unlocked something she shouldn't have. Then suddenly, Vaan's expression changed,
'It is time they appear.' He muttered inwardly and just as he expected.
"What are you idiots trying to do!?" A Mage spoke up.
He was Sylvaris Vesta.
A Mage whose father was in Vaelen's faction, naturally, he supported Vaelen's as well. Sylvaris was only 19 this year, therefore, he didn't actively take part in Politics, however, even someone like him could tell that whatever was happening here was not good for the faction he and his father supported.
He needed to stop it.
And he wasn't alone.
"That's right! Have you all lost your minds!? This is the Elemental Clash! The elitest of Mages gather here and compete with each other and you all wish to surrender before fighting? Do you even realize how disgraceful is that!?"
Another mage, Thalindra Vesta spoke. Unlike Sylvaris, she supported Elric, however, right now, her goals aligned with Sylvaris. What's more? Unlike Sylvaris, she was quite active in matters regarding politics and knew how to manipulate the crowd using words.
"Do you think the recruiters would be impressed by your shameful performance? Aren't you afraid to offend them instead by showing such a disgraceful scene? Ugg! I feel disgusted just standing amongst you.
And you all are going so far for what? So that Young Master Vaan would remember you? Think about it you idiots, there are more than a hundred of you, how is Young Master Vaan going to remember you all!?
How can you all just kneel down like that? Do you not have any pride? Do you not think before you act?"
Thalindra spoke, her words echoing through the Hall, and a deep silence fell.
What she said made sense, the mages who were kneeling on the ground started reconsidering their decision and seeing the uncertain looks on their faces, other Mages who supported other Prospective Heirs or saw Vaan in a bad light in general started speaking out as well.
Their words weren't any different than Thalindra, they just rephrased her sentence and pointed out how the mages kneeling on the ground were making a wrong decision and would regret it throughout their lives.
But then,
"Isolde Varanas from the Varanas Family, Morwyn Greyfield from the Greyfield Family, Arion Hope from the Hope Orphanage…"
Vaan started speaking.
Looking right into Thalindra's eyes, he started calling out the names of all the Mages who had kneeled in front of him, that too, in the order in which they surrendered first.
"And lastly, Malci Salphan from the Salphan Family.
Vaan then looked around and questioned,
"Did I miss anyone?"
His voice sounded calm but held the authority never seen from him before, or maybe it was because all mages couldn't believe what he just did.
Saying the names of exactly 112 Mages who offered to surrender without making even a single mistake, no one expected him to actually remember those names. This directly thrashed one of the strongest points Thilandra made.
'He wouldn't remember most of you!'
This statement was now completely effective and because of that, the change in expressions of the Mages could be seen. This time, even the Mages who hadn't surrendered started considering the option.
"You… you…" Thilandra was at loss of words, still unable to believe that Vaan actually remembered their names.
Vaan chuckled as he glanced at her expression, how could a poor thing like her possibly know about the external help he had?
Looking at Flamey, who had written all the names in the air right in front of her eyes using her Flames, Vaan couldn't help but chuckle as he slightly nodded at his little friend.
"Kriiii!!"
Seeing that what she did actually came to use, Flamey smiled brightly. Splashy who was right beside her flew around excitedly as well.
The two little spirits were still as adorable as ever.
"I-It doesn't matter even if you remember their names! Do you think your status is high enough for them to give up on the opportunity to show their skills in the Elemental Clash just so you can remember their name!?"
Thilandra shouted, not willing to give up just yet.
"Yo-"
"Young Master Vaan."
Vaan wanted to reply, but suddenly, Seraphina stood up and, "Please let me."
Vaan nodded, Seraphina bowed her head before turning towards Thilandra and,
"Young Master Vaan was not the one who proposed the idea of surrendering, rather, he actually was against it at the start, it was us who stepped forward willingly.
And did you say show our skills in the Elemental Clash? Let me ask you this, Lady Thilandra, are you yourself confident enough to face Young Master Vaan in the battle and 'show off your skills?'
Let's not even talk about the possibility of defeating him because we already know that is simply not possible,
Are you even sure that you can use even 10 of your spells in front of him before you are thrown out of the Stage?
If you are, then how about we make a bet?
With how confidently you are trying to order us around, I am sure you have at least this much confidence in your own skills, correct?"



Chapter 149 We are present as history is in the making
"If you are, then how about we make a bet?
With how confidently you are trying to order us around, I am sure you have at least this much confidence in your own skills, correct?"
Seraphina questioned and hearing those words, Vaan smiled.
'The woman is learning, I am proud.'
He could see his own self in her when she said those words. Vaan was extremely satisfied with her actions. An opportunity to extort money? One should grab it the moment they are presented.
"W-What are you talking about?"
"Huh? Did I not make it clear enough? I am merely asking you to take action and back up your claims.
To show off one's skills in the Elemental Clash you need to cast at least ten spells so the recruiters could judge his skills.
I want you to make a bet that you are capable of doing that and since we are at it, let's go all out, 100 Elemental Stones, these are my life savings and I am willing to put all of it in the bet."
Seraphina then smiled as she looked into Thilandra's eyes and,
"Do you dare to accept and bet 100 Elemental Stones to back your claims?"
And as if this wasn't enough, the woman glanced at other Mages who backed Thilandra before and continued,
"Of course, the Bet is open for all.
Anyone who agrees with Lady Thilandra and thinks that us surrendering to Young Master Vaan is a foolish decision can step forward and accept my bet."
"…"
"…"
Silence.
Absolute Silence fell all over the hall.
Thilandra who had been leading this charge against Vaan didn't dare to speak. 100 Elemental was a big amount, even for her, a Vesta.
She was not a direct descendant. Even her Parents who were both successful Mages would need at least 6 months to come up with such an amount.
Thilandra didn't have the financial power to bet on such a large amount.
Especially when the bet was about fighting… that man…
Thilandra glanced at Vaan who stood there with a small smile on his face.
If it was before, she would have accepted the bet in an instant, after all, who was afraid of a waste who did absolutely nothing in his life? Now, however, Vaan had changed.
And more than a hundred mages kneeling in front of him was proof of that.
"Heh. No one is stepping forward."
Suddenly, Asher chuckled.
He then momentarily glanced at Seraphina and, "Look at their faces, they were all jumping on us for kneeling in front of Young Master Vaan, calling us fools and whatnot, yet there they are, not even daring to bet 100 Elemental Stones to support their claim.
Or maybe they think the opportunity to get recruited by the Vesta Family is worth less than 100 Elemental Stones? Hah! I wonder who is the fool here."
Saying those words, Asher turned towards Vaan and bowed his head again, "Young Master Vaan, today's events have only made my resolve even stronger, from now on, I swear my eternal loyalty to you."
"M-My name is Lyndara Walfus, an independent Mage, Young Master Vaan, please accept my surrender as well."
Suddenly, another mage stepped forward and knelt.
"I am…"
Another chain started and within 5 minutes, 178 Mages were kneeling in front of Vaan. The only Mages left were the Mages who either supported other Prospective heirs, or the Mages who didn't believe the rumors and wanted to fight Vaan, and lastly, the ones who were genuinely looking forward to fighting strong opponents.
Vaan didn't care about them, he had already expected that things wouldn't go as flawlessly as they expected, 178 out of 200 mages kneeling was already a number that was out of their expectations.
 Vaan glanced at these mages and,
"Alright, I accept your surrender. Those who have shown their trust in me, I will definitely not forget you all in the future. Now stand up, the First Tier will be ending soon, it is now time for us to go and receive our tokens. I hope those who get to fight do their best in the Tournament."
He then walked out of the Hall, wanting to know how long would they need to wait before they get their tokens.
…
The Mages participating in the First Tier were only 1st Circle Mages, due to their inexperience and limited number of spells they could use, their battles rarely continued for longer than 10 minutes, and with 16 Stages, it only took 3 hours for the results to be out.
Just like everyone expected, the winner was from the Vesta Family. The audience cheered for the new mage who would soon become one of the top mages in the world, the First Tier finally came to an end, and after 30 minutes of pause,
It was now time for the Second Tier.
"People! I hope you are still as spirited as you were before the break! These 30 minutes didn't take away your energy, did it? Even if it did, do not worry because the future battles would be even better than what you saw before!
Now without waiting any further, let's step up to the Second Teir of the Elemental Clash! Give me a cheer!"
"YYYEAAHHHHHH!!!"
The audience roared excitedly, the announcer waited for the audience to calm down, and then, she started,
"So let's welcome our first participants of the Second Tier, Arion Hope and Va- oh, what a surprise, it's a name that most of you have heard about, the only son of the leader of our City, Young Master Vaan, or Vaan Astra Vesta!"
"OOOOOHHHHHHH!!!!"
The audience couldn't believe that Vaan would be the first one to come and fight, it was a pleasant surprise and the crowd went crazy.
It was the loudest cheer that was comparable to the time Astra had entered.
And the announcer who noticed that decided to go off script and hype the battle even further, "Ladies and Gentlemen, I am sure most of you already know but for those who don't, let me tell you that Young Master Vaan is not just any Mage, besides being Lady Astra's only son, he is also the creator of what is known as the Advance Magic Circle.
A Circle that is 1.5 times larger than the normal circle and has 6 Inner Circles instead of 4!
Although no mage has managed to learn Young Master Vaan's Advance Circle, today, you are going to get the chance to witness Young Master himself using the Circle!
How would the Advance Circle look,
Aren't you people excited!?"
"OOOOOHHHHHHH!!!!!"
"YEAAHHHHHHH!!!"
Amidst of crowd's cheering, two men walked onto the stage.
"Young Master Vaan!!"
"Young Master Vaan!!"
More and more people started joining in and chanting Vaan's name, their excitement was clear on their faces. The older Mages continued to stare at Vaan as if they wanted to engulf him in one go. It was clear what they wanted.
Their expectations, however, were ruined.
"I surrender."
Arion, who had been ignored the moment he walked out and stepped onto the stage spoke up and instantly attracted all the attention.
"What…?"
The referee of the match questioned, clearly taken aback by the situation.
Arion glanced at Vaan and sighed.
"Young Master Vaan, it seems my luck is rather unfortunate, to think that I would be pitied against you in the first round."
Obviously, Arion was disappointed. He didn't wish for things to end this way but there was nothing he could do. He saw the attention Vaan received the moment he stepped forward, Arion could already predict that he would only be ignored even if he fought here.
"Do not lose your heart, Arion. Since you made it here, it means you are extremely talented, I am sure this will not be your last Elemental Clash. I know you will make your Orphanage proud next time."
Vaan smiled and Arion's expression changed.
Young Master Vaan still remembered his name!
"Y-Yes! I will work hard!"
He bowed his head.
Then, he turned toward the referee and spoke, "I wish to surrender." This time, his disappointment had vanished.
"Alright…" The referee had to accept.
The match ended before it even started.
"What!?"
"He surrendered!?"
"Why would you do that!? What's the point of participating in the tournament then!?"
And of course, the audience wasn't happy either. There was not a single person there who didn't wish to watch Vaan fight, their disappointment, however, had only started.
"I surrender."
"I surrender."
…
…
"I surrender"
For the next 5 rounds, the moment Vaan stepped onto the stage, his opponent surrendered without a moment of hesitation.
"W-Why is no one fighting Young Master Vaan…?" Someone from the crowd questioned.
"Because they are scared." A Mage sitting amongst normal people replied.
"What? Scared? Why?" Another person questioned.
"Would you fight a battle you know you will lose? In front of millions of people at that?" the Mage questioned.
"How could they all be…" The man wanted to question, however, he soon realized that he already knew the answer to his question.
"The Advance Circle."
"That is correct. The existence of Advance Circle makes it impossible for any 2nd Circle Mage to face Young Master Vaan. He is on an entirely different level." The mage spoke and the audience turned silent.
"…has this ever happened before?" Another man questioned with an uncertain look on his face.
"There has never been a mage like Young Master Vaan in the history of Elemental Clash.
We are present as history is in the making."



Chapter 150 Dont Die
In the Fifth round of the Second Tier, Vaan Astra Vesta made his entrance onto the stage. The anticipation in the audience was palpable; they were eager to witness his performance, with one collective hope in mind: that the events of the past four rounds would not be repeated. Unfortunately, luck was not on the audience's side.
"I…I surrender."
The opponent gave up.
"BOOOOOO!!!"
"OH COME ON!!!"
"FIGHT YOU BASTARD!!"
"WHY ARE YOU EVEN HERE!!!???"
And of course, the moment the audience people in the crowd heard that, they shouted in rage.
It was already the quarter-finals, there were only 8 participants left in the Second Tier and Vaan Astra Vesta had not fought even a single battle.
"…"
Astra, who was witnessing the entire situation narrowed her eyes. Even a fool could tell that this was not natural.
Yes, Vaan was the tournament favorite, Astra already knew Vaan's losing this tournament was impossible, she even expected 1 or 2 of his opponents to surrender, but… all of them?
Something was definitely wrong.
As surprising as it was, this was a little problematic as well.
Thinking that, Astra glanced at a few 6th Circle Mages in the crowd and used a spell to enhance her hearing,
"Is this perhaps… arranged by someone?"
"Who do you think has the pow-
…Lady Astra."
"Do you think she is involved in it?"
"Lady Astra is known for her fairness. She has never involved herself in these matters."
"She is also a mother."
"…"
The two mages turned silent, not wanting to talk about this anymore.
Hearing their conversation, there was no particular change in Astra's expression, however, she could already tell that those two mages weren't the only ones who were considering that possibility.
Astra glanced at her son who stepped out of the ring with his hands in his pockets, completely unbothered by everything that was happening around him.
'What are you trying to do?' She questioned inwardly.
"Do you want me to investigate the situation?" Suddenly, a shadowy figure appeared next to Astra and questioned.
"Stay put," Astra ordered.
She was curious, yes, but that was it.
It was not a big deal.
For now, she decided to trust her child and watch where this is going.
"A-And the winner is Vaan Astra Vesta! Another round, similar results, it is as if no mage wishes to go against Young Master Vaan!
Is our Young Master that scary of an opponent? While all other Mages struggled and fought to the best of their abilities in order to get to the next round, it has been a breeze for our Young Master ever since the Second Tier.
Is that what it means to be a true Vesta?
Would we actually get to see Young Master Vaan fight?
 Only the time could tell that!"
The announcer announced, even though it was the first time she had encountered a situation as absurd as this one, she didn't feel intimidated and used it to her advantage, soon, she shifted her focus to the other three quarter-final fights that were taking place.
The audience, as annoyed as it was, quickly shifted to other battles because of the announcer's skills.
Time passed, the quarter-final ended.
Only Four Participants were now left.
However, the difference between the four participants was akin to day and night.
2nd Circle Mages were still fairly new to magic, the number of spells in their arsenal was limited. Even for a Mage from a considerably stronger family, defeating weaker Mages was not that easy since the difference between strengths between two 2nd Circle Mages was usually not that wide.
Three out of Four Mages who had gone through five battles, the initial rounds were comparably simpler, however, the later rounds, especially the quarter-finals, it took them a lot of effort to win the fight and even though there were Healing Mages who healed their wounds, they all were still mentally exhausted.
It was a normal situation that happened every year.
Today, however, there was one issue.
Or more accurately, an exception.
The Fourth Mage hadn't fought even a single battle. He was still as good as new.
Therefore, to make the battle fairer, the authorities decided to take a 30-minute break and allowed the other three participants to rest.
Yes, just Vaan's presence forced the authorities to change the rules of a tournament that has been held for centuries with the same set of rules.
30 minutes passed by, and it was now time for the Semi-Finals.
Unlike other rounds, the Semi-Finals weren't taken parallelly, to give the audience the best possible experience, the Semi-Finals were held on only one of the sixteen stages and to give the Mage who would be facing Vaan more rest, the other two mages were called first.
Lyria Flameward and Elowen Vesta.
The Battle started, just like everyone expected, it was a long, tiresome battle, but in the end, Elowen Vesta came out as the victor.
The audience cheered, however as the announcer stepped forward, they all turned silent.
They all knew who was going to fight next.
But the question was,
Was he going to fight?
"Now the moment you people have been waiting for, give me a cheer if you wish to see our Young Master coming into the action!
For the Young Master's Battle!"
"YYYEAAAAHHHHH!!!"
The audience roared, their expectation rising again.
"Now please welcome the next two Participants, Gryfinn Vesta and Vaan Astra Vesta!"
"Young Master Vaan!"
"Young Master Vaan!"
The crowd cheered in excitement, this time, however, their support wasn't as one-sided as before.
"Young Master Gryfinn! Show everyone your strength!"
"Young Master Gryfinn! It is your time to shine!!"
The minority supported Gryfinn Vesta, who was one of the Tournament Favorites and had performed quite well in the past rounds, even gaining some fans in the process.
The two mages stepped onto the stage, Vaan glanced at his opponent, he was blonde with blue eyes, seeing his features, Vaan frowned,
"You don't look like a Vesta,"
The Vestas usually had black hair and black eyes, and even though Vaan himself didn't match that description, he was known to be an exception.
"I am from the Branch Family."
Gryfinn replied.
"Ah, that makes sense." Vaan nodded.
"I will tell you right now, I am not planning to surrender," Gryfinn spoke as he glared into Vaan's eyes.
Hearing those words, the referee's face brightened up.
Yes, even he was looking forward to Vaan's fight. Actually, the entire reason he applied to become the referee was so that he could see Vaan's Advanced Circle from up close and try and unveil some of his secrets.
"That is good, I was quite bored as well." Vaan nodded, not bothered by Gryfinn's cold attitude. Then, he glanced at his mother who was looking at him from afar, and chuckled.
"And I have a feeling that if I do not fight soon enough, it won't end well for me." Then, Vaan glanced at the Mage in front of him and,
"Though I will say one thing, you came from a branch family and I can tell that you or your family support one of my dear siblings instead of me,
So don't expect me to go easy on you, alright?
I want you to know who you and your family are up against.
After all, only then would you be able to make a smarter decision, no?"
A big smile appeared on Vaan's face.
"You are as arrogant as I was told," Gryfinn commented.
Vaan glanced at the referee, the referee stepped forward and,
"Please stand on your positions."
Two mages stood 50 meters away from each other.
"Start!"
The referee ordered and seeing that one Mage was finally willing to fight Vaan, the audience went crazy.
"OOOHHHHH!!!!!:
"IT IS STARTING!!!"
"YOUNG MASTER VAAN!!!"
The two mages absorbed Mana from the surroundings.
"Flamey, Splashy."
Vaan called his two little friends, wanting to go all out from the start.
"Krriiii~~"
"Grruu~~"
The two fairies flew near Vaan's hands, the Mana moved throughout his Body and Two Advance Magic Circles were formed.
"OOOHHHHHH!!!!"
The crowd cheered.
Magic Patterns were drawn, Gryfinn was Wind Mage which was known for its speed. He decided to gain some momentum using Wind Blade, a basic Spell that could be cast at a much faster speed than any other spell.
*Whoosh*
The Wind Blade was shot!
Vaan wasn't any slower either, he summoned his signature Fire Spike, powered by Speed, Burst and many other Inner Circle Spells, the Fire Spike shot as fast as the Wind Blade known for its speed.
In this situation, normal mages usually aim for the two spells to clash with each other and they continue this until the better mage outperforms the other mage and the battle flow changes.
Vaan, however, had a different approach.
Even though he would be in an advantageous situation if he let the situation play out, just as his Fire Spike was about to collide with Wind Blade, Vaan tapped the Direction Manipulation, the Fire Spike momentarily changed its path to avoid the wind blade and rushed towards Gryfinn.
"!!!"
Gryfinn widened his eyes in surprise.
To his horror, however, Vaan had just started.
"Don't die kid."
*Whoosh*
He pushed two-thirds of his Mana into Speed Inner Circle and the Firespike shot towards Gryfinn twice as fast as before.
'I am doomed…' Gryfinn gulped.