Chapter 554 Vampire
The black gas was thick and toxic.
It filled the air with a foul and suffocating smell.
"Wind Elementalists! Runecasters! Hurry and push the gas away!" Roland suddenly shouted.
Cough! Cough! Cough!
The black gas burned their eyes and lungs. It made them cough and choke. It was a deadly weapon, and they had to do something about it. Their Arcane Energy and Magic Zone wouldn't be able to help them with this type of danger.
The panicking Arcanists reacted quickly as soon as they realized the danger. Some of them cast some spells to escape from the gas.
"Follow me!" Roland shouted as he realized that the Spells of the Elementalists weren't doing anything. The toxic gas wasn't stopping at all.
They ran towards the stairs, hoping to find a way out. They used their barrier-type spells to push out the air and Mystical Artifacts that produced a strong wind, trying to clear the gas.
They used anything they could to disperse the gas.
Under Roland and Drake's lead, they formed a line to ensure that they wouldn't get flustered, even if there was an enemy on the second floor.
They cast their spells, creating a path and protection. They activated their Mystical Artifacts, enhancing their speed and their resistance against the toxic gas.
Fortunately, the gas seemed dense as it didn't reach the second floor yet.
At this moment, Elsa, the leader of the Revenant Squad, finally finished her preparation…
The Talisman in her hand suddenly shone. There was a Rune Circle drawn on it, and as soon as it was activated, it became like a vacuum that absorbed the toxic gas that were coming at them!
"Tsk... It's too much. My Talisman can't absorb them all." Elsa alerted everyone as she could tell the capacity of her Talisman.
"I'm on it!" Drake yelled as he used his Beast Art.
Then, an image of a menacing cougar materialized behind him!
As soon as Elsa's Talisman was full, he swiftly released his Spell!
With a thunderous roar, a shockwave ensued, and the toxic gas was pushed out. Moreover, it seemed to have the ability to cleanse the toxic gas!
"Incredible!"
"The toxic gas is clearing!"
"So Beast Arts can have such an awesome Spell."
"Indeed… I thought they were all meant to improve the Arcanists's physical abilities."
To be honest, even Clovis didn't have a better solution for this problem. At best, he could use his Darkness Manipulation to protect himself, but saving everyone else would be exhausting for him.
"Hahaha! I did it!" Drake laughed as he thought that he had contributed a lot to this situation. He looked proud as he scanned everyone's reaction.
However, Roy immediately retorted.
"Hmph... If your subordinate didn't trigger the trap, we wouldn't be in such a predicament in the first place."
Roy's words made Drake angry and defensive. He glared at Roy and snapped back.
"What? Are you blaming me and my Squads for this? How am I supposed to know that there's a trap there? It's not like you or your Squads didn't inspect an item that's lying around. You're just a bunch of losers who can't be the best. If I didn't use my Roar Technique, the toxic gas would slowly kill us. Tsk… We should've just explored this place on our own." Drake said with a sneer and a taunt.
Of course, the Ash Squad's members sided with Drake as they didn't want to take the blame. They also looked annoyed and offended. They immediately addressed Roy and spoke up.
"Yeah, what he said was right. You and your Squads didn't even do anything to deal with that toxic gas.. You should just give up and quit. We'll take care of the rest…" They said with a chorus and a mockery.
"That's enough… We should be helping each other and not fighting each other. Elsa also took care of almost half of the toxic gas." Roland said as he stepped forward. He signaled Roy to just keep silent as he doesn't feel comfortable arguing inside this castle.
However, even if Roy decided not to reply, Clovis had different thoughts.
"Really? Do you think that you and your Squads can subjugate this Vampire's Castle? Why don't you show us what you and your Squads can do? There's another enemy in that room… He's alone, so he might be the boss or just a minion. Why don't you handle him?" Clovis said as his gaze shifted to the huge door on the east side of the second floor.
"Alright! My four Squads will deal with the enemy inside! Any treasures inside will be ours!" Drake said as he led his team to the door.
 To be honest, his Magic Zone and Detection Spells couldn't penetrate that door. He had no idea what to expect inside. However, since Clovis detected that there was one enemy inside, he couldn't just confess that he couldn't sense him.
Fortunately, as soon as they got close, the leader of the Shadow Knights was able to feel the presence of someone inside and informed him about it.
"Alright... Roland, I hope you guard this door for us. We don't want to be interrupted." As Drake said this.
Then, he ordered the Shadow Knights to take the lead.
They soon heard a creaking sound as the door was opened.
They immediately inspected the room and saw a vampire resting near a window.
The vampire was a handsome and elegant sight.
He had pale and smooth skin with a faint blush on his cheeks. He had long and silky hair, with a dark and glossy color. He had sharp and refined features, with a high and noble nose.
He had piercing and captivating eyes with a deep and crimson color.
However, the scariest part of him was that he had a charming and seductive smile, with a pair of white and pointed fangs that attracted even the male Arcanists!
"Not good!" Roland muttered as he immediately closed the door as soon as the four squads led by Drake had entered.
This shocked Clovis for a moment as he didn't expect that this veteran Arcanist would really abandon those people!



Chapter 555 The Subjugation
Denise had seen a glimpse of the Vampire before Roland closed the door.
The Vampire wore a fine and stylish suit, with a black and red color. He had a crisp white shirt with a few buttons undone. He wore a sleek black tie with a silver and ornate pin and a tailored red jacket with a black and velvet collar.
Lastly, she noticed that he had a pair of black leather shoes with a shiny and polished look.
He certainly looked like a noble and wealthy gentleman with a refined and cultured taste. He looked charming in her eyes as he exuded a passionate and adventurous spirit.
Thankfully, the door was immediately closed, so she wasn't completely "attracted" by the Vampire. She was saved by that action!
"That's dangerous…" She muttered while still feeling scared of what had just happened. The Vampire looked like a powerful and dangerous enemy with a cunning technique.
She was almost drawn to the Vampire's beauty!
***
At this time, Roland also heaved a sigh of relief after confirming that the door was closed tightly and the people on the other side didn't dare to open it.
He was a bit worried that the door would open once again and Drake would start complaining.
"Senior Roland, if they killed the Vampire, Clovis will lose the bet..." Leonel said as he wanted to know why Roland made such a bold decision. Although he wasn't against abandoning those people, he was worried that Clovis would have to give up his Sovereign Rank Ring because of it.
The other Arcanists had the same question as they looked at Roland curiously.
After some hesitations, Roland could only share what he had known.
"Forget about the bet. That Vampire is beyond our level. Right now, if we can't find a way of dealing with that enemy, we have to think about escaping while Drake's squads are fighting it." Roland revealed.
"What? How strong is that Vampire?" Elsa suddenly asked.
"That's right… Are you sure you're not overestimating it? Maybe if we all cooperate, we could defeat it." Roy added.
However, Roland simply shook his head. "I've seen a portrait of that Vampire before. That creature manipulates blood, and he had caused chaos a hundred years ago. He killed three Grandmaster Arcanists before vanishing."
"What?!" Leonel and the others couldn't contain their shock after hearing that the Vampire had killed three Grandmaster-Class Arcanists!
"That's right… I don't think we could even beat an Expert-Class Arcanist… Maybe if all eight squads worked together, we could handle a Master-Class Arcanist. But a Grandmaster will annihilate us." Roland explained, shocking the whole group once again.
Now, everyone realized that they really should be thinking of escaping this castle.
***
Meanwhile, inside the room, the four squads led by Drake were facing the Vampire.
They had entered the room with confidence, thinking that they could easily subjugate the Vampire and claim the glory...
"Those losers even closed the door… So pathetic." Drake softly commented as believed that this was a great chance for them.
"Well, it means that they won't be able to make any contribution. We just have to kill this Vampire, and we'll be the winner of this bet."
"Hahaha! They probably think that we'll lose to this Vampire."
"Hmph… They didn't do their research… Vampires have so many weaknesses. They wouldn't hide in this abandoned castle if they were really powerful."
"Indeed… Everyone, prepare your pistols! We'll make this quick!" Drake shouted as they all carried their pistols with silver bullets to deal with the Vampire.
Of course, they also readied their flask of holy water in case they needed it.
However, the battle didn't go as they planned.
They had underestimated the Vampire and overestimated themselves. They had made a fatal mistake.
The Vampire was fast and agile. He was silent and stealthy, and none of them were able to get a clean hit!
Bang! Bang! Bang!
The expensive silver bullets were wasted as they didn't hit their target. They even used their spells to immobilize the Vampire, but he moved like a shadow and a blur, and even with their Magic Zone working at full capacity, they all failed to lock on their target!
The Vampire attacked them from behind, catching them off guard. The Vampire touched them slightly, and it didn't seem to have any effect.
 However, after a moments, something unexpected happened.
"What?!"
The Vampire was able to manipulate blood, controlling the movement of their bodies against their will! He made them drop their weapons and items, rendering them useless and defenseless.
However, there were four people with stronger defenses that couldn't be manipulated…
The Vampire merely smirked after seeing this as he made the controlled Arcanists turn against them, making them fight and kill.
"Stop! You guys! Don't get controlled by that filthy Vampire!" Drake shouted to his team.
The leaders of the squads who had decent defenses also shouted in hopes of waking their comrades. However, it was all futile.
The battle didn't even last 15 minutes, and the Vampire remained unhurt throughout the struggle.
The Vampire, without any change in his expression, killed Drake and the others one by one after they got exhausted.
However, it could be seen that all their blood was being drained at an incredible rate and absorbed into the Vampire's clothes.
"Boring…" The Vampire muttered as he didn't find the battle entertaining at all.
They were too weak and too slow. He only used his Charm and Blood Manipulation, and the Arcanists had already died.
"If this is the average strength of the Arcanists, then this realm will be doomed in a few years." He muttered as if he knew something about the future of the Human Realm.
The Vampire then looked at the drained corpses of the intruders. He couldn't help but wonder why they had come to his castle and disturbed his peace. He had forgotten to ask them.
Anyway, he decided to find out, so he started to search their bodies and their belongings.
Soon, he found the mission request in Drake's inner coat's pocket.
He read it carefully and couldn't help but chuckle…
"They offered such a huge sum of money. No wonder they dared to enter the castle."



Chapter 556 Fledgling
Outside the Vampire's room, the Arcanists of Kirkham City started sharing their opinions.
"Let's escape! If we all used our power, there's no way the castle walls would stop us! We can just forcibly make a way out…" Leonel voiced out as he knew that Denise had a way to open a path if it was really necessary.
"Since the Vampire is still busy with Drake's squads, this is the ideal time. I agree with Leonel." Roy chimed in.
"Let the official Arcanists deal with that beast. Scouting the Vampire should be a good enough job. Even if we don't get the whole reward, we will still get paid for it."
"That's right! We can't risk our lives here. This is even a foreign land! I don't want to die in such a place."
The other leaders said. As for the rest, they stayed silent but still agreed.
There were only three people who seemed to have different plans.
They were Clovis, Pearl, and Kai, the former member of the Order of Fatality. They didn't show signs of approval and remained silent.
Kai suddenly stepped forward and looked at the leaders.
"You guys can go ahead. I will try to fight the Vampire. Even if I can't win, I have a secret technique that will let me escape." Kai said mysteriously.
Roland nodded at this since he knew that Kai wouldn't be able to leave the Cult if he didn't have an amazing way of escape.
However, he was still concerned.
"There's no need to take a chance, Kai. There is no way to beat that Vampire, even if it's you. The situation isn't right. You will be facing the Vampire in his home. The right way is to destroy the castle and let the sunlight in. However, none of us here have destructive spells that could obliterate the Formation Arts and demolish the sturdy castle. Silver Bullets and mid-grade Holy Water will not work either. Well, unless you want to ask for the Masked Devil Incarnate's help." Roland said with a helpless smile, as he knew the limits of the Arcanists here.
However, Kai was still determined to stay and fight.
This time, Clovis finally spoke up.
"I'll also stay..." Clovis said with a mysterious smile on his face.
"Me too..." Pearl added.
This time, Roland and the others felt uncertain about what to do. They didn't expect that these people would still want to stay even after learning about the Vampire's capability.
They considered it for a moment, but after some time, they remembered the people who would be waiting for them back in the city. They couldn't let them down.
In the end, they knew they couldn't stay.
After taking a deep breath, Roland spoke up.
"Then we'll wait for you outside. We'll hide in the forest nearby. If you guys don't come out after two hours. We will have to leave."
"Very well…" Clovis agreed to it. He also felt better since he would be able to use his Spells freely without those people.
As for Kai, he wasn't too worried about him. After all, he already knew about Kai's secret.
***
Meanwhile, inside the room, the Vampire continued looting the corpses of his enemies. He found some weapons and items, money and jewels, besides the documents and letters in their pockets...
He was not interested in most of them, but he kept some of them for his collection. He liked collecting things from Arcanists since he might also require some money once he decided to roam the cities again.
Anyway, after reading the letter from the Arcanist Guild, he burned it.
That letter contained the details of their mission here.
His Vampire Castle seemed to have become a test for the Arcanists. As for the reward, they were the treasures that could be found in the castle and a monetary reward to be given by the Guild worth 250,000 zen.
The Vampire chuckled as he recalled the letter. He laughed at the foolishness and arrogance of the Arcanists of this current era.
***
After eliminating the first batch of Arcanists, the Vampire then looked at the door and scanned the remaining people outside.
"Interesting... I expected all of them to flee. Two of them actually chose to stay." The Vampire said after sensing the presence of the two Arcanists.
Moreover, the two of them seemed to have an Artifact that blocked his detection.
 "I suppose I should let them in now." The Vampire said as he activated the seal on the door to open it up.
After some creaking noise, the door opened slightly, and the people outside seized this chance to come in.
As soon as Clovis stepped inside, he saw everyone's corpses. They all shriveled up as if all the blood from their bodies was drained.
It was such a brutal and most likely an agonizing experience for these young Arcanists.
However, Clovis didn't feel anything about their deaths except for a bit of pity for not extracting them when they were still alive. After all, corpses would have lower attributes in the Extraction process.
Nevertheless, his reaction was probably due to his Perfect Incorruptible Body as well. He already knew how it was affecting his mood in some cases after all.
"Good job coming back here." The Vampire suddenly said to the person behind Clovis and Pearl.
It was none other than Kai.
Clovis didn't seem surprised as he smiled. It was the same for Pearl, who seemed to be quite indifferent to what was happening.
Kai, on the other hand, bowed at the Vampire and quickly went to his side.
Kai handed over a scroll and a bottle containing a potent essence of a creature.
Clovis didn't stop Kai and let everything happen.
He was simply observing as if everything was under his control.
"Hmm... The two of you weren't shocked... Do you know his identity from the start." The Vampire asked after keeping the scroll and the bottle inside his pocket.
To be honest, the Vampire was already using his charm ability but it didn't seem to work.
He also tried the blood manipulation spell just now, but for some reason, it wasn't affecting the two as if they were immune to spells!
Clovis smiled and nodded.
"Yes... Your fledgling isn't even using a high-level Artifact to conceal his scent. It's not hard to figure out his identity."



Chapter 557 Against the Vampire
The Vampire burst into laughter when he realized that Kai's cover as a human Arcanist was easily blown by these two people. He didn't show any anger but rather amusement.
"Interesting… You must have something up your sleeves. How did you realize his identity? I'm sure not even the Priests were capable of doing that… No. Instead of answering that, tell me why you've come here." The Vampire said, thinking that these two Arcanists had more than just fighting in mind.
After all, they would have attacked him and stopped Kai if they really wanted to deal with him.
But Clovis' reply stunned him.
"What else do you think we are here for? We are here to slay the Vampires living in this castle. Are you the only Vampire living here?"
"Hmm? You want to kill me? That's impossible… Since you made me laugh, I will allow you and your partner to escape." The Vampire replied.
However, Clovis shook his head as he had no plans to waste this opportunity.
"I don't believe that a blood-thirsty monster like you that preys on people deserves to live…" Clovis said, unleashing his Water Domain. This way, he didn't need to use his Spell Dispersion to counter the Blood Manipulation Spell that had been trying to attack him all this time.
Pearl, on the other hand, moved back, knowing that Clovis wanted to fight solo. She would only intervene if the Vampire summoned his familiars or ordered Kai to join the fight.
"A Domain Spell?!" The Vampire felt a surge of fear and anger as he realized that the Spell that Clovis used made him incapable of utilizing any form of liquid at all. This obviously includes the Blood Manipulation Spell!
'Did they advance so quickly?!'
The Vampire couldn't help but reassess his view on humans. He realized that these two Arcanists were not ordinary and would be a great source of information...
'This Arcanist must've mastered his Domain Magic to the Advanced Realm. However, how could a young man possess a Tier 3 Spell and master it so quickly?' The Vampire mused as he felt the powerful domain that could resist his magic.
"Do you think this Domain Spell would stop me from using my Spell?" The Vampire sneered as he waved his hands.
The Vampire's intent was to dismantle the Domain Spell by launching a destructive spell on Clovis. It was none other than his Blood Blast Spell. He drew upon the blood of the numerous victims he had recently claimed.
However, Clovis remained unperturbed by the impending attack, as his Water Domain exerted a profound influence, impeding the trajectory of the Blood Blast. The Spell's velocity was significantly reduced, rendering it incapable of quickly striking him…
"You're still inside my Water Domain… Don't be surprised." Clovis muttered.
Notably, he found no need to invoke his Spell Dispersion, as the potency of the Blood Blast waned before it could reach him.
The Vampire, taken aback by the unexpected failure of his Spell, could only think of another way to fight.
However, Clovis also made his move.
He swiftly retaliated by unleashing the power of the Chain of Souls, a Spell Fusion born from the union of Corrupted Chains and Dusk Imprisonment!
The ethereal chains, infused with an ominous aura, extended toward the Vampire, seeking to entangle and confine him within their sinister grasp.
"A Light Chain Spell?! Don't underestimate me!" The Vampire bellowed, invoking his Dark Embrace Spell, from which tendrils of shadow snaked forth, reaching out to ensnare Clovis in their malevolent embrace.
To Clovis's astonishment, the shadows appeared animate, as if imbued with a dreadful vitality.
After observing it carefully, he realized that they greatly differ from the Dark Spirit's Spell. From his observation, the Vampire's Dark Embrace was a spectral manifestation of the Vampire's victims, twisted into a dark semblance of life.
Boom!
The clash between the Chain of Souls and the Dark Embrace ensued…
As the malevolent chains from the Chain of Souls surged forward, they intertwined with the shadowy tendrils of the Dark Embrace, creating a mesmerizing dance of light and darkness.
The chains, pulsating with an eerie, ethereal glow, coiled and twisted with an almost sentient movement, seeking to ensnare and bind the Vampire within their spectral embrace.
"Whoa~" Even Clovis was a bit surprised after seeing how his Chain of Souls moves even without his constant input of instruction.
In stark contrast, the shadowy tendrils created by the Vampire undulated and writhed with a sinister grace, striving to entangle Clovis in their malevolent grip.
However, aside from that, Clovis realized that the Vampire seemed to have an endless amount of shadows!
It took him a few seconds before he realized the impending danger of being overwhelmed by the multitude of shadows converging upon him. It seemed that the Vampire had so many victims over the past years that the shadow he was controlling would probably not end any time soon.
Clovis frowned as he made up his mind. He decided to employ his other Fusion Spell—the Oblivion Trance. It was from the fusion of Evil Eye Spell and Feign Death Spell.
As Clovis unleashed the power of the Oblivion Trance, the Vampire became a bit wary as he felt a strong fluctuation of energy from Clovis.
 Then, he felt his consciousness being taken away by the mysterious Spell that was cast on him! He knew that if he didn't do anything, he would collapse, and his consciousness would be taken away.
'What's wrong with this kid? Is he using a Psychic Art this time?' The Vampire frowned.
However, he immediately fortified his defenses by invoking the Nightmare Veil. Then, another Nightmare Veil was summoned, and this time, its aim was to shroud Clovis!
Seeing the huge veil trying to cover the entire room, Clovis summoned the Stormbringer Sword, a powerful weapon revered as the divine sword of the Church of the Three Paragons.
The blade crackled with lightning energy, illuminating the room with its radiant power…
The sudden appearance of the divine sword surprised the Vampire as he didn't like the lightning energy!
"Catch this!"
Clovus shouted as he unleashed the sword's formidable might in a bid to vanquish the Vampire!



Chapter 558 Threat Elimination
"Take this!" Clovis bellowed, unleashing the formidable power of his sword in a desperate attempt to vanquish the Vampire.
Descending with a swift slash, Clovis effortlessly shattered the Nightmare Veil… Then, the mere force of his blade obliterated the second Veil…
Whoosh~
Confronted by the imminent threat, the Vampire wisely chose evasion over confrontation, utilizing his extraordinary speed to dodge the impending strike.
'What kind of sword is this?' The Vampire pondered, realizing that while he could hold his own against Clovis, the mysterious and overpowering nature of the blade posed a serious challenge.
It emanated a formidable lightning energy that would be catastrophic upon direct impact, capable of reducing him to ashes.
Fortuitously, he was within the confines of his castle!
With limited options, the Vampire activated the castle's Formation Circle…
However, it seemed that Clovis remained oblivious to its effects as the latter continued attacking!
'Are you serious?' The Vampire grunted.
Observing Clovis's apparent indifference to the Formation Circle, he attempted to negotiate, offering a chance for survival.
"Stop! Swear loyalty to me, and I shall spare your life. You and your companion can become vampires, enjoying eternal existence! The Formation Circle I activated would be the cause of your death. I'm giving you an option since I can see your potential."
Contrary to the Vampire's expectations, Clovis responded with a confident smirk, initiating a spell of his own.
"Call of the Divine Lightning..."
Dark clouds gathered ominously above the castle, and three bolts of lightning descended, heralding a divine and formidable force.
***
The initial surge of lightning shattered the protective Formation Art encircling the castle, its destructive energy rending the mystical barriers asunder.
Following in its wake, a second bolt of lightning destroyed the castle's ceiling, rupturing the remaining Formation Circles within the castle's interior, and unleashing a cascade of chaotic arcane energy that reverberated throughout the halls.
With a deafening roar, the third lightning bolt found its mark, searing through the billowing smoke and striking the Vampire with a resounding impact.
Boom!
Clovis' Celestial Art was successful!
"Hey… I think he's still alive." Pearl suddenly commented as she looked at the spot where the Vampire was hit.
"What?" Clovis frowned as the Divine Lightning should be more than enough to deal with the Vampire, based on his calculations.
'Did he use a Mystical Artifact?'
As the lingering smokescreen began to dissipate, revealing the aftermath of the cataclysmic clash, Clovis discerned a lone figure standing amidst the dissipating tendrils of smoke, an ominous silhouette that defied the forces arrayed against it.
"Kukuku..." The Vampire's laughter echoed through the aftermath, a chilling sound that seemed to reverberate with an unsettling madness.
As the lingering smoke dissipated, Clovis beheld the seemingly unscathed Vampire, yet a pile of ashes lay beneath him.
It appeared that the Vampire had summoned his familiars, shielding him from the onslaught made by his Celestial Art. Furthermore, the Vampire's skin had turned red, as if he had forcibly used a Forbidden Art.
'You're quite lucky, but if I just cast another lightning strike, this would be the end.'
Clovis contemplated expending additional Divinity Points to kill the Vampire once and for all.
However, before he could enact his decisive strike, the Vampire surged into action, seizing the opportunity presented by his inaction.
"Huh?"
To Clovis's astonishment, the Vampire swiftly darted toward Pearl with an ominous intent, his voice ringing out with a menacing declaration.
"Let me have your soul!"
***
 Pearl's expression darkened in response to the abrupt assault, a flicker of annoyance crossing her features as she realized she might not merely be a bystander in this conflict.
'I just want to watch the battle. Tsk…'
"You're courting death..." Pearl remarked, her tone laced with a strong warning.
With practiced finesse, she activated a spell befitting her guise as a practitioner of Psychic Arts…
"Kneel..." Pearl intoned in a hushed murmur, her words carrying an uncanny resonance that seemed to reverberate through the very air, casting an imposing weight upon those who heard them.
Even Clovis found himself momentarily ensnared by the compelling command, an instinctive urge to yield to the potent invocation that permeated the atmosphere.
'This…' Clovis was surprised as he almost failed to resist. However, he didn't blame her since the Spell she used targeted a whole area instead of a person.
***
While Clovis and Pearl grappled with the Vampire within the confines of the castle, the assembled squads from Kirkham City stood vigilant outside. Their Magic Zones monitored the whole surroundings...
Boom! Boom! Boom!
As the resounding thunderbolts rent the sky and fractured the air, a sense of foreboding settled upon the onlookers, a stark realization that the confrontation within the castle had transcended their capacity to intervene.
"That lightning strike again.." Leonel remarked solemnly, his gaze fixed upon the heavens with a gravity that mirrored the weight of the situation.
"That's the same one that saved us from that Mysterious Entity…" Roy murmured, his voice tinged with apprehension and reverence.
"Is that true?" Elsa inquired, her tone betraying a blend of curiosity and concern as she sought clarification.
"Yes…" Roy affirmed with a nod. There was no way he would make a mistake since he had seen that lightning strike up close.
"Then, does it mean that the Masked Devil Incarnate is inside the Castle?" Roland queried.
Leonel's eyes widened as he knew that the battle would become chaotic with the presence of such a criminal.
"Not good... Clovis and the others might really die at this point." He voiced his apprehension, grappling with the sobering implications of the unfolding events.
However, Roy shook his head.
Although he heard that the Masked Devil Incarnate had killed a lot of people, he couldn't help but admire the power he possessed. He believed that this person wouldn't harm people randomly.
He wanted to defend the Devil Incarnate, but it seemed that there was another person who had the same thought.
"It's alright... The Masked Devil Incarnate was probably aiming for the Vampire. If he's really inside, he might be cooperating with Clovis and others instead…" Denise said while looking at Lotus, who had been gazing at the castle for a while now.



Chapter 559 Extraction Spree
Upon receiving Pearl's authoritative command, the Vampire, who had been consumed by a frenzy, abruptly halted in his tracks, compelled to kneel before Pearl.
Thud!
Despite his best efforts to resist the compulsion, the Vampire found himself powerless to defy the potent influence of Pearl's Spell.
"Dragon's Words? No… This is an Immortal's Command! Who are you?!" The Vampire was shocked as he felt he recognized the Spell used by the young lady before him.
"It's not an Immortal's Spell… It is just a high-level Spirit Art." Pearl replied as she started backing away.
The Vampire frowned since, after living for over a hundred years, he had never heard of a Spell that could make a Special Being like him comply just from a single word.
He tried to resist again, but physical strength and a burst of Arcane Energy weren't enough.
Faced with no alternative, he underwent a swift metamorphosis. It was something that he didn't really like to do, but he had no other choice for now.
In just a few seconds, the Vampire suddenly assumed the form of a bat in a desperate bid to elude the ensnaring authority.
Then, as the Vampire poised to return to his humanoid form, a hand extended towards him and grabbed his body!
Clovis had already invoked his Levitation and Lightspeed Spell and seized the bat in a swift and decisive maneuver.
"You can fly?!" The Vampire grumbled as he started unleashing his formidable power.
However, before he could do so, he suddenly found himself weakened by the force of Clovis' spell.
It was as if he was being drained of his energy!
"W-what are you doing?! Let go of me!" The bat yelled in fury as it tried to break away from Clovis' grasp.
Clovis smiled after hearing this as he continued with his Extraction.
 Extraction Successful. Energy +80, Intelligence +0.35 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +80, Intelligence +0.35 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +80, Agility +0.35 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +80, Strength +0.35 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +80, Vitality +0.35 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +80, Vitality +0.35 
 Extraction Successful. Vampire Essence +800 
 Extraction Successful. Complete Spell Light +1 
 Extraction Successful. Complete Spell Light +1 
 Extraction Successful. Complete Blood Manipulation Spell Model 
 Extraction Successful. Complete Blood Curse Spell Model 
 Extraction Successful. Complete Shadow Extraction Spell Model 
 Extraction Successful. Vampire's Fang 
"Oh… That's a lot! As expected of a Mystical Being." Clovis couldn't help but celebrate as soon as the Extraction was completed.
At this time, the Vampire had already turned into ashes. This includes the clothes he was wearing. It seemed that those were made of his own blood.
Furthermore, Kai, who was being detained by Pearl for attempting to join in the fight, had also turned into ashes after the unknown Vampire was killed.
Clovis couldn't help but check his current Attribute Panel once again.
 Ascended Name: Kyle the Uncrowned Paragon 
 Race: Half-Celestial 
  Attributes: 
Strength: 138.30
Agility: 130.25
Intelligence: 130.65
Vitality: 128 
 Force: 1,550 
 Combat Power: 1,859,000 
 Human Arts List 
 Celestial Arts List 
 Spirit Arts List 
 Otherworldly Essence List 
 Available Energy: 17,485 
 Divinity Points: 612.30 
After feeling satisfied with his current Attributes, he continued to check his Spells.
 Human Arts List 
 Dark Arts: Spell Dispersion Lv8, Incorruptible Body Lv10, Darkness Manipulation Lv8, Spirit Vision Lv7, Light Absorption Lv7, Create Shadow Soldier Lv7, Active Curse Break Lv7, Corpse Explosion Lv7, Locate Corpse Lv7, Shadow Gate Lv7, Moonlight Specter Lv7, Chain of Souls Lv7, Oblivion Trance Lv7 
 Holy Arts: Divine Sense Lv8, Blessed Healing Lv7, Exorcism Lv7 
 Summoning Art: Grimoire Attraction Lv7 
 Transformation Art: Morph Lv7, Voice Manipulation Lv7 
 Martial Art: Meridian Access Lv9 
 Mystic Arts: Arcane Armor Lv7, Soul Bind Lv7 
 Beast Art: Wild Whisper Spell Lv7 
 Elemental Arts: Tidal Wave Torrent Lv7, Water Domain Lv7 
***
 Celestial Arts List: Call of the Divine Lightning Lv8, Shadow Mutilation Lv7, Aurora's Embrace Lv7 
***
 Spirit Arts List: Extrasensory Perception Spell Lv9, Traceless Shift Lv8, Lightspeed Lv7, Levitation Lv7, Blood Manipulation Lv0, Blood Curse Lv0, Shadow Extraction Lv0 
"So those three spells are all considered as Spirit Arts." Clovis muttered after checking his current attributes.
Then, he started looking around to start his extractions with the corpses around.
"Ahh…" Clovis suddenly recalled something as he summoned Yvaine.
"Yvaine, look around. Find and collect any treasures inside the castle..." Clovis instructed to save some time.
Yvaine, as usual, just gently nodded before phasing through the wall to start her search for treasures.
"What? You can do that to her?" Pearl couldn't help but chuckle as she saw how Clovis commanded his Dark Spirit to loot some treasures.
"Why? We're partners anyway… She also has this treasure box she could use to store items." Clovis replied as he walked to the nearest dried-up corpse.
"Is that so? I just can't believe that a highly sought-after Dark Spirit will be used like that." Pearl sighed while shaking her head.
"Ahh… If you're going to enjoy your corpses here, I'll just look around then." Pearl immediately said as she saw Clovis touching the corpse with a big smile on his face.
As soon as she said this, her figure dissipated as she went ahead to check the castle's library.
In the meantime, Clovis remained focused on extracting the first corpse.
 Extraction Successful. Energy +50, Strength +0.2, Agility +0.2, Intelligence +0.5, Complete Flame Arrow Spell Model. 
"Oh? I got lucky?" Clovis muttered as he just used his auto-extraction and didn't focus on extracting a Spell Model after all. He knew very well that extracting Spell Models from corpses was difficult, so he was surprised.
'It must be something to do with how they died...' He mused.
Of course, he didn't hesitate to focus on extracting a Spell Model on the next corpses.
 Extraction Successful. Energy +50, Strength +0.2, Agility +0.2, Intelligence +0.5, Complete Arcane Armor Spell Model. 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +50, Strength +0.2, Agility +0.2, Intelligence +0.5, Complete Eagle Eye Spell Model. 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +50, Strength +0.2, Agility +0.2, Intelligence +0.5, Complete Ember Spirit Spell Model. 



Chapter 560 Black Cloth
Clovis grinned from ear to ear as he had already felt extremely blessed from his first few extractions.
However, he still had plenty of dried-up corpses to extract, so he had to move quickly. After all, he knew that the longer the corpses remained unattended, the lower attributes he'd get from them.
 Extraction Successful. Energy +50, Strength +0.15, Agility +0.15, Intelligence +0.30, Complete Reveal Spell Model. 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +50, Strength +0.15, Agility +0.15, Intelligence +0.30, Complete Telepathy Spell Model. 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +55, Strength +0.2, Agility +0.2, Intelligence +0.30, Complete Spell Light +1 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +45, Strength +0.15, Agility +0.15, Intelligence +0.30, Complete Rune Simplification Spell Model. 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +55, Strength +0.2, Agility +0.2, Intelligence +0.30, Complete Rune Analysis Spell Model. 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +55, Strength +0.2, Agility +0.2, Intelligence +0.30, Complete Spell Light +1 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +55, Strength +0.2, Agility +0.2, Intelligence +0.30, Complete Item Appraisal Spell Model. 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +55, Strength +0.2, Agility +0.2, Intelligence +0.30, Complete Spell Light +1 
…
The Extractions continued for a while, and after some time, Clovis extracted a total of 13 Spell Models from the corpses, and 10 of them were new.
Anyway, It seems that the other corpses were too drained and only gave Spell Lights or Attribute Points. Nevertheless, Clovis was elated by the result of his Extraction Spree.
He then checked his Spell List once again to confirm which Arcane Paths they were placed.
 Dark Arts: Spell Dispersion Lv8, Incorruptible Body Lv10, Darkness Manipulation Lv8, Spirit Vision Lv7, Light Absorption Lv7, Create Shadow Soldier Lv7, Active Curse Break Lv7, Corpse Explosion Lv7, Locate Corpse Lv7, Shadow Gate Lv7, Moonlight Specter Lv7, Chain of Souls Lv7, Oblivion Trance Lv7 
 Holy Arts: Divine Sense Lv8, Blessed Healing Lv7, Exorcism Lv7 
 Summoning Art: Grimoire Attraction Lv7 
 Transformation Art: Morph Lv7, Voice Manipulation Lv7 
 Martial Art: Meridian Access Lv9, Flaming Palm Lv0 
 Mystic Arts: Arcane Armor Lv8, Soul Bind Lv7, Reveal Lv0, Telepathy Lv0, Item Appraisal Lv0 
 Beast Art: Wild Whisper Spell Lv7, Eagle Eye Lv0, Gorilla Punch Lv0 
 Elemental Arts: Tidal Wave Torrent Lv7, Water Domain Lv7, Flame Arrow Lv0, Ember Spirit Lv0 
 Rune Arts: Rune Simplification Lv0, Rune Analysis Lv0 
In the end, Clovis obtained 1 Combat Spell, 3 Mystic Spells, 2 Beast Spells, 2 Elemental Spells, and 2 Rune Spells.
As for the three other spells, they were Meridian Access Spell, Arcane Armor Spell, and Active Curse Break Spell.
"Not bad… I have more Spells to Fuse in my free time." Clovis smiled as he saw the Spells in his collection grow larger.
It was a pity that the Archbishop had only given him the Exorcism Spell the last time. At this time, he really wanted to have more Holy Arts Spells since they could be a lot more useful, especially during this time when the Holy Arts Faction and the Church of the Fortune Goddess were hunting the Dark Arts Practitioners.
'Should I visit their church sometime?' Clovis mused as he thought of extracting their Priests or even their Crusaders. In any case, just taking one of two of their Spell Models wouldn't kill them.
They could just learn them again if they lost it.
After a few moments, he started salvaging any remaining usable items from the area and securing them for his own use. He was quite lucky that the Vampire didn't destroy most of the items brought by the Arcanists.
Of course, he confirmed that none of the items exuded a dangerous aura, so he handled them without concern. He simply employed his Aura to mitigate any potential side effects.
'Not bad…' Clovis muttered after picking up a cane that the leader of the Ash Squad probably used.
'Hmm?'
As he went about this task, a sudden surge of mystical energy reverberated throughout the castle. This prompted Clovis to swiftly expand his Magic Zone to pinpoint the source of the phenomenon.
"Oh? Did she find something?" Clovis mused as he realized that Yvaine had triggered something in one of the rooms.
 Without hesitation, he went to the room and confirmed that Yvaine was trying to take a crimson orb.
The room in question was a chamber steeped in ancient grandeur, its walls adorned with tattered tapestries that depicted scenes of legendary battles and mythic creatures.
'That Vampire had a nice collection of paintings…' Clovis commented in his mind as he observed the room and its paintings.
The faded images seemed to come to life as the flickering torchlight cast dancing shadows upon the engraved markings.
"Yvaine… Move back for now… I think that Orb is dangerous." Clovis said as he didn't like the Aura emanating within the room. His Detection Spells failed him to identify the Orb after all.
Yvaine followed his instructions, but she also informed Clovis that she had collected a few interesting items that were stored in his shadow.
After Clovis thanked the Dark Spirit, he then continued looking around to get some clue about what kind of room this was.
On the chamber's aged stone floor, intricate patterns of several Vampires were etched, hinting at the room's storied past.
The ceiling, adorned with ornate carvings that seemed to show the orthodox churches, loomed overhead, casting an ethereal glow upon the chamber.
Amidst the splendor shown in the room, the crimson orb stood at the center of it, emanating a mesmerizing, iridescent aura that seemed to pulse with otherworldly energy.
"Fiend Essence?" Clovis guessed as he felt the similarity it had. He wasn't exactly sure, but he was thinking of triggering the Orb with his Moonlight Specter to see what would happen.
However, as he was thinking of this, he immediately recalled one of his precious items.
"Ah! Right… Maybe it's time to use this…" Clovis muttered, reaching for a black cloth secured tightly on his arm.
Unmistakably, it was the blindfold of the Archbishop, obtained through his adept use of Traceless Shift.
With a tinge of anticipation adorning his countenance, he donned the mysterious Arcana of the Archbishop.



Chapter 561 The Broken Arcana
After Clovis donned the blindfold of the Archbishop, a profound phenomenon began to unfold.
The fabric seemed to pulsate with an otherworldly energy as it enveloped him, imbuing him with heightened perception and an acute awareness of the Arcane Energies around him.
As the blindfold settled over his eyes, a surge of ancient knowledge surged through his being, unlocking the secrets of the damaged Arcana.
'I feel like I'm becoming a real Celestial when wearing this item. This power is too absurd.' Clovis mused as he felt that
At the same time, Clovis' presence had also weakened, and even Yvaine had to look at him a couple of times before confirming that he was still standing outside the room.
"What an incredible Artifact… Not even the Messengers were capable of doing this." Yvaine muttered to herself as she confirmed the effectiveness of the black cloth.
"That feels great… Let's see what it can do." Clovis said as his gaze turned to the center of the room.
Empowered by the mystical ability, Clovis perceived the true nature of the crimson orb and the energies it contained.
Contrary to his initial expectations, the orb did not house a Blood Essence as anticipated, given its association with a Vampire.
Rather, to his astonishment, it contained the Vampire's Bloodline instead, according to his Arcana.
'It's not too detailed… But I guess it's still good enough…' Clovis muttered as he still appreciated the Arcana's ability. After all, compared to normal Mystical Items with one or even two Mystical Abilities, the Arcana possesses at least 5 special skills and could also harness the power of Divinity.
Unlike other Mystical Items that would get destroyed or durability lowered once he tried imbuing them with Divinity, the Arcana would take it without any problems.
'I have to appraise it…' Clovis muttered as his attention turned to the traps placed around the room.
Most of them weren't triggered by Yvaine, but if he was the one to enter the room, he would surely trigger them because of his current state.
Harnessing his Spell Dispersion, Clovis expertly stopped the traps from activating.
As soon as he held the Crimson Orb, he got a notification from his system.
 Do you want to change your race into a Vampire? 
"No!"
Clovis exclaimed as soon as he read the notification. He was already a Half-Celestial, and he certainly had no plans to change his race!
If he would ever change his race, it must be something equal or better than being a Half-Celestial.
'But this might be useful… I should ask Pearl if she wants to become a Vampire.' Clovis mused. Although unlikely, he wanted to make sure that Pearl would didn't want it.
If that was the case, he could either sell it or, perhaps, give it to his friends who don't have much potential as an Arcanist.
The first person that came to his mind was Chad, followed by Lisa… In his opinion, Chad seemed a bit too average, and Lisa may have potential but was quite limited because of her own weak physique.
'Whatever… Let's keep this item for now.'
"Ahhh… Yvaine! Do you want to try this orb? It seems that it could change someone's race into a Vampire. Though I'm not sure if it's effective on Dark Spirits, do you want to try it?" Clovis suddenly asked.
"No… I'm not interested." Yvaine replied as she entered Clovis'shadow without waiting for his reply.
***
While Clovis was admiring the new item that he had acquired, Pearl had already begun exploring the library of the castle.
The library had about 20 bookshelves, each with Reader's Runes on them. These Runes allowed the reader to easily absorb the information on each page by simply flipping through the book.
It was quite similar to the books found on the second floor of the Vermont Academy's Library but with a weaker effect.
Pearl was fascinated by this type of rune and wondered if she should learn Rune Arts as well. With her current Divinity, she had the potential to master three or even four Arcane Paths if she worked hard enough. Of course, it could also be more than that if she obtained more Divinity from Clovis.
However, she couldn't just rely on him as she had to start producing her own Divinity.
Anyway, besides the Neutral or Spirit Arts that she already had, she had also learned Mystic Arts, Psychic Arts, and Elemental Arts. She thought that adding Rune Arts to her repertoire would make her even more versatile and powerful.
As she was thinking about this, she came across a book that caught her attention.
It was about the Temporal Realm that she had been looking for.
 The Temporal Realm was one of the many Realms that existed parallel to the Human Realm. The Human Realm had the most stable and balanced energy, which made it possible to connect to other Realms with the right ritual.
Pearl had been searching for a way to access the Temporal Realm because she needed a Spell Model that only the residents of the Realm could have.
"This is it…" Pearl muttered as she immediately kept the book in her possession. She may not be sure whether she could obtain what she wanted once she connected to that Realm, but this would certainly give her hope.
After all, she also wanted to provide some assistance to Clovis. Aside from teaching him the Divinity Control Method, which would take quite some time, she also wanted to surprise Clovis with a Spell that might help him control his other Mystical Artifacts.
Pearl then continued searching for other books that may lead her to other realms and finding unique spell models from them.
Whom~
As Pearl was deeply immersed in her task, the very fabric of space itself began to convulse and contort, giving birth to a swirling vortex of unimaginable power.
"What's going on?" Pearl uttered in a bewildered tone.
In a breathtaking display, the space itself fractured, birthing forth a figure from the depths of the unknown.
To her astonishment, the familiar form that materialized before her eyes was none other than Clovis himself, stepping out from the enigmatic breach in the fabric of reality.



Chapter 562 Hidden
"Ahh... Clovis? You can use it now?" Pearl inquired, recognizing Clovis despite her inability to sense his Aura.
"Yes... It's a bit tricky at first since it uses Vitality for each activation. However, once you've mastered it, it becomes second nature…" Clovis replied while touching the blindfold that was still blocking his vision.
At this time, the strange phenomenon of the twisting space had also disappeared the moment he emerged from it.
"What?! It uses your life force? Isn't that a Cursed Item instead?" Pearl exclaimed in shock, her mind racing to the forbidden arts and cursed items known to siphon the life force of Arcanists.
She didn't expect that the Arcana was also something similar.
"It's not quite like that... Maybe it's because it's a Broken Arcana, so it demands a stronger force…" Clovis explained.
"T-that's true. But that's dangerous. You can't just use it unless it's really necessary. You might die young if you use it too much." Pearl cautioned as she knew that Clovis wasn't really that old according to his stories.
She initially thought that he was like her, someone who had lived for a long time. After all, Clovis has the physique of the Celestial, and it wouldn't be surprising if he said that he had lived for hundreds of years already.
However, during their stay in Kirkham City, both of them shared some stories about their life. Pearl learned quite a few things about Clovis, including how he was just a young practitioner with immense luck.
"Of course. I'll keep that in mind. I don't want to die young either…" Clovis reassured with a smile.
Intrigued by the wealth of knowledge within the library, he joined Pearl in exploration.
Together, they spent over an hour perusing the library's extensive collection. He was lucky that the books had Reader's Runes on them, so it didn't take long before he finished browsing those he believed were important.
Well, most of them are related to other Arcane Paths since he lacked knowledge about them.
Now, he felt that he had gained enough knowledge to disguise whatever path he chose.
'I really have to get a few more Holy Arts Spells if I want to continue disguising as a Priest.' Clovis mused as he knew that the status of a healer would be a lot more useful in his journey.
"Ahhh... The squads from Kirkham City are still waiting for us. I think we should head out now…" Clovis remarked, recalling Roland and the others who were anxiously awaiting their return.
Pearl nodded gently in agreement, and they departed the Vampire Castle together, ready to reunite with their acquaintance from Kirkham City.
***
Outside the Castle, Denise and the others had already begun consuming their rations. They were beef jerky and hot tea, thanks to the Water Elementalist on their side.
Well, their appetites were heightened by the impending sunset. This also signaled the need to depart for the nearest town to recuperate. Traveling back would take a while, so they had to fill their stomachs.
"Just 20 more minutes, and we will have to leave this place. Make sure not to leave any of your belongings…" Roland reminded the group as he consulted his pocketwatch.
He didn't want to stay here for long, especially once the surroundings had become really dark. Not only would it be dangerous since the Evil Creatures would start lurking around, there would also be a chance that the Vampire in the Castle would come and chase after them.
Denise sighed at this as she contemplated suggesting an extension to their waiting time.
However, she knew it would likely be met with disagreement. Instead, she chose to remain silent, hoping fervently for Clovis and the others to return promptly. As she pondered this, Leonel abruptly stood up and gazed toward the Castle's entrance.
To their relief, Clovis and Pearl emerged, though the absence of Kai cast a shadow of concern. Meanwhile, Roland's dismay was palpable as he confirmed the death of Drake and the others.
"What happened inside… No, it's great that you managed to escape. Are you guys injured?" Elsa, the leader of the Revenant Squad, inquired.
"We're fine... And we didn't escape, we killed the Vampire…" Clovis declared, revealing the Crimson Orb containing the Vampire's Bloodline.
The appearance of the Crimson Orb surprised them a bit as they all unconsciously stepped back. After all, it emitted a strong aura of Vampire that was making them feel uncomfortable.
"Incredible! You defeated that creature?!" Roland exclaimed in astonishment as he confirmed that the orb belonged to the Vampire.
However, Leonel chuckled and remarked, "Hey, Drake and the others must've weakened it significantly, so don't be too surprised. Moreover, don't forget that Clovis is a priest. He undoubtedly held an advantage against a Vampire."
The group nodded in agreement, finding the explanation plausible.
Before Clovis could reply, Elsa already spoke up.
"Right, did you confirm Drake and the other's death?"
Clovis nodded at this question.
Elsa had friends among them, so she couldn't help but feel regretful about it. She should've stopped them from fighting the Vampire alone, or they should've gone together.
 "What about their corpses? Did you seal them? Or perhaps you burned them already?" She asked.
At this time, Clovis was a bit stunned as he recalled that those corpses might be possessed by the Evil Spirits and turn into monsters.
"About that… I think we should return to take care of them." Clovis said while scratching his head.
"Of course, let's return and find any valuables inside! Let's go!" Leonel said with excitement as he started walking towards the Castle.
However, at this time, Clovis activated his Magic Zone and realized that an ambush was awaiting them.
"Leonel, it's not the time to celebrate. We're surrounded by enemies…" Clovis announced, stunning everyone with the gravity of his words.
They have arranged a Formation Circle and several traps around the place. Furthermore, they have scouts stationed in various spots, and their Magic Zone didn't pick up any signs of enemies!
Tension hung heavy in the air as Clovis's revelation sank in, casting a foreboding shadow over their next move.
Roland didn't think for too long as he immediately gave a series of commands even though he hadn't seen or felt the enemies.
He had to trust the man who defeated that old Vampire!



Chapter 563 Surrounded
When everyone completed their defensive formation, they didn't wait that long before the enemies showed themselves.
The tranquility of the surroundings was shattered by the sudden appearance of a group of cloaked figures. Their menacing auras were even trying to pressure them into submission.
However, Roland had already prepared a Talisman for such an occasion, so none of them were affected by the pressure.
"When did these people get near us?" Roland muttered as he realized how flawed their scouts and defensive circles were.
Elsa swiftly assessed the situation, her eyes narrowing as she recognized the distinct emblems on the attackers' robes. "Arcanists from the Ruri Kingdom… They're not even hiding their identity now." She muttered grimly.
Roland's expression turned steely, and he barked out orders to his squad. "They must be enemies. Take defensive positions! Denise, Lauren, and Fey find an escape route... Squad Leaders and the rest prepare for a coordinated counterattack. We can't let them advance any further!"
The tension increased as Roland realized that no one was sent to them to negotiate. It means that these Arcanists were here to fight them.
"I fear it's too late for that... We're ill-equipped to handle these enemies." Denise interjected, her gaze fixed skyward.
Everyone followed her gaze as they found three imposing Combat Airships looming above them, one exuding an unmistakable air of royalty with its gilded facade and majestic aura.
"What on earth have we stumbled into? Weren't we here to eradicate the Vampire? How did we provoke the Ruri Kingdom's royalty?" Roland lamented, feeling the weight of their predicament.
Surrounded by approximately 20 Arcanists and monitored by three Airships, the group faced an inescapable situation.
Perhaps they could only escape this situation if they had a teleportation circle that was set up, but they don't have the means to do that.
"Let's maintain our composure. If they intended to eliminate us, they would have bombarded us with those cannons already. Their motives must be different…" Leonel remarked, acknowledging their predicament.
At this time, they could only accept their situation, and they should prepare for a potential negotiation.
In the meantime, Clovis and Pearl observed, recognizing the need to discern the situation before taking action. Clovis certainly had the means of escape, but he would let Denise get captured here.
As they were silently discussing what to do, a figure descended from the Airship.
It was an Elementalist assisted by a Wind Spirit. Clad in a brown trench coat and wielding a steel cane, the gentleman, in his 30s, addressed them.
"Welcome, visitors from the Millton Kingdom. We extend our congratulations on vanquishing the Vampire in the Castle. However, we must ensure that you haven't brought any cursed items or forbidden artifacts from that place. The safety of our citizens is paramount. We need you to cooperate with us for a brief moment. We will conduct a thorough inspection of your belongings." The middle-aged man announced as if they should be thankful for that.
Roland frowned at this as he bristled with indignation.
"That's an outrageous demand! The citizens of your kingdom had never been subjected to such inspection whenever they visited the Millton Kingdom. We have come here at the request of your Arcanist Guild. I want to speak to the Guildmaster of this Region."
He stood his ground as he looked at the man while emitting his Mystical Energy.
He knew very well that once their items were confiscated, there would be little chance of getting them back.
The unanimous sentiment among the group echoed Roland's indignation, unified in their reluctance to relinquish their belongings.
They all started emitting a dangerous aura as they prepared for a fight.
While none of them possessed any forbidden artifacts or cursed items, acquiescing to the demands of this person seemed unnecessary.
The gentleman, anticipating their resistance, maintained a wry smile.
"I understand that it's a preposterous demand. Nevertheless, you have no alternative."
His words were swiftly followed by the Ruri Kingdom's Arcanists preparing their spells, signaling their readiness for conflict.
"You have a final opportunity! You have 10 seconds to decide…" The man declared, issuing his ultimatum.
Refusal to comply would lead to inevitable confrontation.
He remained floating above and looking down on them as if he had everything in his control.
The Kirkham City squads pondered their options, compelled to devise a plan. There was no way they would agree to their demands.
"Let's make our escape... The darkness conceals us, and with their allies nearby, they won't risk bombardment. I'll deploy a smokescreen…" Elsa proposed. Her talisman was capable of generating an extensive cover for them, so she felt a bit confident...
She had been carrying this talisman for the past two years in case of such situations. She didn't expect that it would really be useful today…
Furthermore, her Revenant Squad members also possessed similar Talismans, ensuring the smokescreen's substantial reach.
 "That could work…" Roland murmured, surveying the group. The cover provided an opportunity for escape, a chance they couldn't afford to ignore.
They also had ways to make a quick escape, so as long as they got the opportunity, they'd be able to escape with the help of the darkness.
"Let's do it!" Roland signaled as the countdown was nearing its end.
Meanwhile, Clovis harbored a different strategy.
He remained on his spot and watched the situation unfold.
Upon the activation of the smokescreen talisman by Elsa, the Wind Elementalist commanded his Arcanists to attack.
Then, in the midst of the chaos, Clovis took action.
Concealed by the shroud of smoke, he donned his Devil's Face Mask and armed himself with the Devil's Dagger.
Employing his Darkness Manipulation Spell, he cloaked himself in darkness akin to the veils worn by Dark Spirits.
With the malicious aura brought by the Doombringer's Ring, he harnessed his Lightspeed and Levitation, swiftly closing the distance and seizing the Wind Elementalist by the head.
"I have you now..." Clovis murmured beneath his mask, the words resonating in the middle-aged man's ears like an ominous warning of his impending death.



Chapter 564 Against a Flying Airship
As soon as the Wind Elementalist realized that he had been caught by the enemy, his first reaction was to try and move away.
Since he didn't excel in close combat, he knew he would get killed at this rate. Even a Fourth-Class Aura Master could easily subdue him if he allowed himself to get pounced on.
"Get off me!" He roared. He had to get his distance if he wanted to even have a chance to win.
However, as he tried to forcefully remove the hands grabbing him by using his cane's Slime Ability, he realized that his Artifact could not be activated!
"Anti-Magic?!" He said in shock as he realized that his Float Spell had also been canceled.
He also found out that he could only remain floating, thanks to the man holding him up.
However, he knew that Anti-Magic items couldn't just affect a single target.
In this case, the man grabbing him should also be affected! It doesn't add up at all.
"What are you--" He wanted to threaten the masked man who had grabbed his head, but he immediately felt something off.
His energy, his life, and his strength started leaving him!
What was even more insane was how he felt some of his Spell Models disappearing!
"You! Stop it!" He was furious and wanted to curse, but he didn't have enough energy.
Soon, he heard his men calling for him.
"Let go of Sir Silas!"
"Sir Silas! We're coming!"
"Capture the masked man!"
They all shouted and cast a few targeted spells. However, they didn't dare cast a strong spell as it might affect their Superior, who was being held hostage.
"Let go of him, and we won't be chasing your subordinates!" They shouted.
***
On the other hand, the Masked Man didn't seem to have heard their words as he continued with what he was doing.
 Living Human has been discovered. Would you like to start the extraction? 
"Yes…"
 Extraction Successful. Energy +50, Intelligence +0.25 
 Extraction Successful. Incomplete Spell Light +1. 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +50, Intelligence +0.25 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +40, Agility +0.25 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +40, Strength +0.25 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +40, Vitality +0.25 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +40, Vitality +0.25 
 Extraction Successful. Complete Spell Light +1 
 Extraction Successful. Complete Wind Spirit Summon Spell Model 
 Extraction Successful. Complete Toxic Wind Spell Model 
 Extraction Successful. Incomplete Spell Light +1. 
 Extraction Successful. Complete Wind Bullet Spell Model 
 Extraction Failed. 
 "Oh… It's not that bad…" Clovis muttered as he confirmed once again that Extracting with the help of his Divinity could produce a better result.
He had actually obtained three new Spell Models from this middle-aged man. It was a feat he could rarely accomplish.
Then, after confirming that the man was wasted and could no longer give any decent extraction results, he threw him to the ground, which made the enemies fumble as they hurriedly tried to catch their barely breathing superior.
As soon as they caught him, they immediately realized how gravely "injured" he was and shouted in horror.
"The masked man was a Vampire?! No, he's definitely using a Forbidden Art that consumes the life force of his target!"
"We need to kill him!"
"He must be one of those Dark Magicians! Capture him!"
Clovis heard their shouts but remained composed and looked up in the sky.
The three combat airships weren't making their moves yet. They weren't sending people as well, so he knew that he had plenty of time.
"Since they're not coming down to save you… Then they must've given up and allowed all of you to perish." Clovis muttered as he observed the 12 Arcanists who had stayed in the area.
As for the others, they were chasing the Arcanists Squads from Kirkham City, believing that they had the strength to subdue them.
"Hmph! Come down here if you're scared!" One of the Arcanists taunted as he drew a weapon. It was a whip that was emitting a fiery energy.
"Alright, I'm coming down…" Clovis said as he started to activate the power of the Devil's Face Mask.
***
In the meantime, while Clovis had disguised himself as the Masked Devil Incarnate and started fighting the enemies, Pearl also decided to make her move.
Just a few moments before the battle started, she heard Clovis' telepathy, asking her to help Denise escape safely.
She certainly didn't mind doing that since she believed that it was an easy thing to do.
"She already has a Dark Spirit on her side. I'm sure she'll be fine..." Pearl muttered as she hurriedly followed Denise's footsteps.
"Found her…" She muttered after confirming Denise's movement.
As a Dark Alchemist, Denise doesn't have good mobility. This was why she was at the center of the Torrent Squad, the safest position in their formation.
She was protected by her squad and was moving steadily to the depths of the forest. They weren't heading to the nearest town since another squad had decided to take that path.
Apparently, the four squads had moved in separate ways to ensure that the enemy forces would also be divided. Furthermore, they would be able to counterattack if they confirmed that the number of people chasing them had dwindled.
It was a decent strategy they had devised in such a short period of time.
In any case, they were also itching for a battle after escaping from the Vampire's Castle, so they also wanted to release their energy.
"Ahhh... This is not good." Pearl suddenly muttered as she realized that one of the Airships was actually aiming at the Torrent Squad!
The Airships seemed to be capable of navigating through the darkness and could sense the movement of the Arcanists!
'Not good…'
Pearl realized that the Airship's cannon had started aiming at the Torrent Squad's path, and Leonel and the others weren't aware of it!
It must be because their Magic Zone couldn't reach the Airship above them!
Without any more hesitation, Pearl activated one of her high-level Elemental Spells.
"Storm Surge!"



Chapter 565 More Extractions
The air was filled with ominous energy as Pearl unleashed the formidable "Storm Surge" spell.
This was the first time she had released this Spell to its maximum capacity, so she was also unsure how this would unfold.
With a commanding gesture, she called upon the tempestuous forces of nature, causing the sky to darken and roil with burgeoning storm clouds.
Then, the Spell Model in her body continued draining her energy!
As she noticed that it had already taken more than 30% of her energy reserves, the atmosphere seemed to shudder with pent-up power.
Suddenly, a blinding bolt of lightning surged from the heavens, followed by a deafening clap of thunder that reverberated through the air.
The tumultuous winds, stirred by Pearl's magic, surged forth with unrelenting force, swirling and converging into a colossal tempest.
This Spell seemed even more powerful than Clovis's Call of the Divine Lightning! After all, it was a huge storm that was summoned from that Spell!
Boom!
The tempest, born from her Spell Mastery and Divinity, coalesced into a raging maelstrom that engulfed the airship, its howling winds and torrential rain battering the vessel with unyielding fury.
The once serene skies transformed into a tempestuous battleground as the airship struggled against the relentless onslaught. Its progress was hindered by the ferocious elemental assault!
Furthermore, the two other Airships around were also affected by the storm she summoned.
Pearl didn't plan it, but her Spell certainly helped all the Arcanists from Kirkham City!
'It's a lot more dangerous than I expected. It's a good thing I didn't use it in the city.' Pearl mused as she started moving away.
Apparently, the storm she created wouldn't be able to target who was the enemy or not, so she had to move away. It would just destroy everything in its path until it lost its energy.
Pearl then looked up to see how the airship was defending against the Storm Surge.
She saw how the airship continued producing several types of barriers. She could even feel that the high-level Arcanists inside the airship had started casting several spells to destroy the storm ahead.
'Interesting… That Golden Airship is tougher than I expected.' Pearl mused as she realized that even with the Storm Surge she cast with some of Divinity, they decided to stay and confront it instead of fleeing!
However, despite the airship's formidable defenses, the unbridled power of the Spell proved to be an indomitable force…
After a few bolts of lightning, blasts of torrential rain, and tumultuous wind, when it was about to collapse, it successfully thwarted the airship's relentless bombardment.
At the storm's final moments, the airship, pounded and besieged, was finally compelled to veer away…
Just by using a single spell, the three airships were halted by the overwhelming might of nature's fury.
"The only problem is that I can't use that Spell again for the next six hours. The cooldown duration is a bit too long." Pearl muttered helplessly as her mastery in this Spell hadn't reached the Advanced Realm yet.
Almost all her Spells are incredibly strong or destructive, but they all have long durations and cost too much energy, so she couldn't use them consecutively.
Nevertheless, with the immediate threat neutralized, a sense of triumph suffused the Torrent Squad. They weren't sure how the storm appeared, but they didn't have to think of that now.
They were ready to kill those who tried to chase after them!
Now that the airships were damaged and couldn't follow their movements, they were ready to eliminate the threat!
***
In the meantime, as Clovis finished extracting one of the Arcanists from the Ruri Kingdom, he couldn't help but look in Pearl's direction and give an approving nod.
Though the airship remained intact, its menacing advance had been effectively halted by Pearl's awe-inspiring display of Elemental Spell… or probably Mystical Spell, he wasn't sure.
The three Airships were still unmoving, and they seemed to have received some internal damage from those lightning bolts since they could no longer chase after the escaping Arcanists from the Millton Kingdom.
It was a good news for Clovis.
"Wait for me… I'll be visiting your Airships soon…" Clovis muttered as he summoned three Shadow Soldiers to pin down the three escaping Arcanists.
Using his Divine Sense and Spirit Vision, he realized that they were only Aura Masters that had Runic Weapons that boosted their Aura so he didn't feel threatened facing them.
As soon as he finished the Shamans and Elementalists on their side, he went after these Aura Masters.
  Living Human has been discovered. Would you like to start the extraction? 
"Yes…"
 Extraction Successful. Energy +20, Intelligence +0.15 
 Extraction Successful. Incomplete Spell Light +1. 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +20, Intelligence +0.15 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +20, Agility +0.15 
 Extraction Successful. Incomplete Spell Light +1. 
 Extraction Successful. Complete Sonic Fist Spell Model 
 Extraction Failed. 
"I guess it's better than nothing…" Clovis muttered as he saw the extracted Spell. According to the books, the Sonic Fist was one of the most basic abilities of Aura Masters.
It wasn't a technique but a Spell that boosted any type of Fist or Punch Techniques
He then continued with the next victim.
 Living Human has been discovered. Would you like to start the extraction? 
"Yes…"
 Extraction Successful. Energy +20, Intelligence +0.15 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +20, Vitality +0.15 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +20, Agility +0.15 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +20, Vitality +0.15 
 Extraction Successful. Complete Spell Light 
 Extraction Successful. Complete Weapon Enhancement Spell Model 
 Extraction Failed. 
"Oh… This one looks more promising." Clovis commented as soon as he saw the new Spell Model. He was also quite lucky to have obtained another Spell Light, as he was able to record it successfully.
He then continued with the third one, and aside from the attributes and an incomplete Spell Light, he was able to obtain another complete Meridian Access Spell Model. He knew he was getting closer to level it up. Perhaps he just needed one more similar Spell Model, and it would advance.
After doing all this, Clovis's attention was finally drawn to the three unmoving airships above him.



Chapter 566 The Golden Airship
Captain Calvin, a seasoned 32-year-old commander of the esteemed Golden Alpaca Airship, found himself grappling with the stark realization that the day's mission was far from the straightforward endeavor he had anticipated.
"This is supposed to be an easy money..."
Calvin muttered under his breath as he cast a sidelong glance at the brown-haired nobleman adorned in opulent attire who stood beside the ship's helm.
Onboard their vessel was none other than Prince Gregory Byron Ruri, the 14th Prince of the Kingdom, an individual whose prestige stemmed primarily from the substantial wealth bequeathed to him by his late mother.
Today, the 14th Prince had brazenly taken a task originally designated for his elder brother, the 9th Prince. Eager to demonstrate his competence, he had assembled three airships and a cadre of elite arcanists to apprehend those pursuing the enigmatic Vampire of the Drifting Forest.
However, because the 14th Prince didn't have his own competent group of knights under his command, everyone went wrong when he simply trusted the mercenaries he hired to take the lead.
"Captain, the third and fourth engines are operational again." One of the officers on the bridge reported.
"Additionally, the alchemists have completed temporary repairs on all external damages." another officer added.
Captain Calvin heaved a sigh of relief as he felt glad that the Alchemists in his ship were still reliable.
'Those lightning bolts scared… It's good that it wasn't aimed at us and targeted the whole area.' Calvin silently thought as he nodded at the officers.
However, upon hearing their reports, Prince Gregory swiftly issued an imperative command.
"What are you waiting for? Pursue those Arcanists from Millton Kingdom!"
As he said this, the officers of the ship took a quick glance at their real Captain to get his consent.
Captain Calvin considered for a moment before shaking his head. Apparently, he held a divergent perspective.
"Prince Gregory, I believe our priority should be addressing the threat posed by the Masked Man. It is highly likely that he is the individual sought by the Church of the Three Paragons, the Masked Devil Incarnate. Moreover, he has already killed a dozen of our elite arcanists. We can't let him escape now."
As Calvin said this, he controlled the crystal in the middle of an airship and showed the images of the masked man who had just thrown the body of their hired mercenary.
He didn't kill them, but anyone he defeated seemed drained of their energy and life force. It was quite similar to the Vampire they knew.
Prince Gregory was initially unsettled by this plan. After all, he harbored a fervent desire to capture the Female Arcanists he had seen in the images projected by the crystal a few minutes ago.
However, he recollected the bounty placed on the Masked Devil Incarnate by the Church of the Three Paragons.
That amount was also quite considerable; furthermore, he would get on the good side of the Church if he did this.
Although the Church of the Three Paragons wasn't as strong as before, they still had a lot of influence to a huge part of the citizens in Ruri Kingdom.
"Mhmm… This could be a means to earn recognition." He pondered for a brief moment.
"Very well! Capture that man!" He declared, conceding to Captain Calvin's counsel.
***
As Clovis completed the extraction of the last individual, his attention shifted to the three imposing airships looming in the sky.
His brow furrowed as he couldn't help why this was all happening in the first place.
The deployment of these mechanical behemoths seemed excessive. Moreover, he couldn't fathom why they would wait for the Vampire's demise to claim their spoils, especially when they possessed the means to mobilize a formidable force of arcanists and airships.
'They should've attacked the castle themselves.' He mused.
Then, after confirming that his Levitation's cooldown was over. He made his move.
"Let's uncover the truth…" Clovis murmured as he pushed his Levitation Spell to its limits, propelling himself towards the Golden Airship.
Despite his advanced mastery of the Levitation Spell, he couldn't shake the realization that its capabilities were confined to low-altitude flight.
This prompted him to desire a better Flying Spell.
'Is there even a better Flying Spell? Ahh… Should I try the Wind Spirit later?' Clovis' eyes lit up as he recalled the level 0 spell that he had recently obtained.
Nevertheless, he didn't fail to reach the airship since he bolstered himself with his Lightspeed Spell and Divinity. He effortlessly exceeded the limitations of his Levitation Spell, boarding the Golden Airship in a matter of seconds.
***
 A few moments ago, as Captain Calvin issued orders for his men to engage the masked man below, he was taken aback as the individual suddenly took to the skies, intent on boarding their airship.
"We can't let him board!"
Desperate to evade the looming threat, he controlled the airship to ascend to higher altitudes, yet his efforts were swiftly thwarted by the 14th Prince's command to hold the position.
"W-what?" Captain Calvin was shocked.
"I've enlisted three First-Class Druids! They are more than capable of handling this clown!" Gregory declared.
He was filled with confidence in the imminent encounter with the Masked Devil Incarnate.
'I'm paying those Druids thousands of zen per week. They should do some work!' Gregory thought as he felt that this was a good plan.
Captain Calvin clenched his teeth in silent frustration as he could only comply with the Prince's directive. Placing his hopes in the abilities of the Druids, he braced himself for the impending confrontation.
Whom~
Before long, the much-anticipated arrival of the Masked Devil Incarnate came to pass, casting an eerie shadow over the deck of the airship.
As the enigmatic figure materialized before them, the guards outside finally realized what those Arcanists below had felt when facing this Devil…
The pressure he was emitting was already making them want to flee!
On the other hand, Captain Calvin, the Prince, and the others looked at the masked man closely through the projection brought by the crystal.



Chapter 567 Druids
Through the projection, they saw the Masked Devil Incarnate's striking figure. He was shrouded in an ominous dark cloak that billowed around him like a turbulent maelstrom.
His visage was concealed behind an intricately wrought mask, an enigmatic emblem of his mysterious persona…
What shocked Calvin the most was that even though they were only watching him through the projected images, he could almost feel the aura of unfathomable menace of this person.
Every movement seemed imbued with wraithlike grace, and his form seemed closer to that of Dark Spirits than a human.
'No wonder this man was called a Devil. The Church of the Three Paragons didn't make a mistake.' Calvin thought.
Silent and enigmatic, the Masked Devil Incarnate floated above the airship's deck.
His very presence seemed to command the attention of all who beheld him, casting a pall of uncertainty over the unfolding confrontation.
Thud…
Upon landing, he was confronted by a phalanx of arcanists standing guard on the deck.
"Masked Demon! Put down your weapon!" The valiant leader of the guards barked upon noticing the gleaming dagger in Clovis's grip.
Arrayed in the blue cloak uniform and wielding similar wands, the guards bore the distinct hallmark of Elementalists. Their formation was also arranged perfectly to overwhelm their solitary adversary.
However, despite the overwhelming pressure they're emitting, Clovis remained unperturbed, his firm gaze meeting the stern countenance of the guard leader.
"Do you think I'll follow your order?" He calmly spoke beneath his mask.
Rather than acquiescing to the demand, the Masked Devil defiantly aimed his dagger at the leader, a silent challenge that reverberated through the tense atmosphere.
"Kill him!"
Without any more hesitation, the leader gave his command, prompting an immediate unleashing of spells by the assembled Arcanists.
An onslaught of Wind Spells surged forth, directed at the masked devil. However, it could be seen that they were holding back with their Spells to avoid causing damage to the airship.
"You're making it easy for me…" The Masked Devil muttered as he noticed the flaw in their Spells.
In a stunning turn of events, the Masked Devil unleashed his Spell Dispersion, the wave of energy neutralizing the incoming spells and transforming them into arcane energy that dissipated into the air.
"What?!"
"Impossible!"
The guards were shocked as they realized that none of their spells had landed on their lone target! This was very humiliating for them.
The guard leader, on the other hand, was quick on his decision as he realized what had just happened.
"Anti-Magic! Squad 2 and 4, switch to your guns! The rest, continue with the Spells!" The guard leader swiftly adapted to the situation. His tactical judgment was on full display as he recalibrated their approach.
Nevertheless, he couldn't help but feel pressured by how powerful that Anti-Magic was.
Though he was no stranger to adversaries wielding Anti-Magic artifacts, he discerned that the Masked Devil's Anti-Magic operated on an entirely different level from what he knew.
"Runic Guns with enhanced bullets… Interesting." Clovis muttered as he started his retaliation.
He summoned a cadre of Shadow Soldiers underneath his enemies!
Their eerie forms materialized on the deck with an ominous presence.
"Ahh!"
"Get away from me!"
"These Ghosts!"
"Someone use your Holy Light!"
"Priests! Shamans! Hurry! Acckk!"
Armed with shadowy blades, the spectral soldiers launched into a relentless assault!
 ***
In the meantime, the Captain and the Prince had witnessed everything from the bridge.
They couldn't help but glance at the Masked Devil, who had created such chaos just a few seconds before boarding the airship!
At that moment, the realization dawned upon the guards that their adversary was not merely a practitioner of Mystic Arts, but rather a formidable Dark Magician, a revelation that sent a ripple of unease through their ranks.
"What are you guys waiting for?! Attack him while he's busy dealing with the cannon fodders!" Prince Gregory's urgent directive reverberated across the deck as he commanded the three Druids under his sway through a communication crystal, a marvel of Rune Arts craftsmanship.
Captain Calvin also wanted to scold the Druids for delaying their arrival, but he just clenched his fist and silently watched the airship's guards get killed one by one.
He had no control of this situation anymore and could only hope for the best.
Clack… Clack… Clack…
The three Druids had soon emerged from their concealed vantage points.
They were previously waiting for the opportune moment, prepared to enact their carefully laid plans. However, the communication from the Prince disrupted their plans.
"Hmph... I want him to exhaust his energy a bit more." One of the Druids with long black hair remarked, his tone steeped in calculated patience.
"Indeed... Those dark soldiers that the Masked Devil summoned must've consumed a lot of energy… We should've waited until he summoned another batch or two." One one concurred.
"Well, our employer is in a hurry, so let's make our move…" The third Druid added as he also felt that they could've waited for a few more minutes.
After all, the Arcanists who were dying were quite worthless, in his opinion.
"Even if they're fakes, the Prince must value them a lot. He should've spent quite a huge sum to hire them after all." The long-haired Druids said.
As their presence was revealed, the Masked Devil then glanced in their direction.
He saw three imposing figures draped in verdant cloaks, wielding wooden scepters, and they seemed to have materialized on the airship's deck out of nowhere.
Towering at a stature of about 7 feet and adorned with intricate dark red tattoos of an ancient lineage, the Druids exuded an aura suffused with primordial power.
'Interesting…' Clovis silently thought as he realized how these Druids had felt completely different from other Arcanists that he had seen before.
If he would make a comparison, the aura they were emitting was closer to the Moonlight Fairy than a Human Arcanist.
'Let's what they're capable of.' Clovis thought as he remained vigilant.
Seeing that the Masked Devil didn't attack them first, the Druids made their moves.
With deft taps of their scepters upon the airship's deck, a spectral symphony unfolded as twisting vines, as thick as an adult's arm, materialized in response to the Druids' invocation.
Twelve of these serpentine tendrils came to life! Three of them attacked the dark soldiers summoned by the Masked Devil, while the remaining nine surged forth with a singular purpose—to ensnare and subdue the Masked Devil!



Chapter 568 Death
'They're controlling these vines? How mystical…'
Clovis immediately felt excited as soon as he saw the strange spell that was aimed at him.
In a brief moment, he released the limit he had placed on himself and was about to test the strength of the vines. After all, he wanted his Incorruptible Body and Half-Celestial Physique.
However, as soon as he did this, he immediately heard Pearl's voice in his head!
"Hey! I felt your Divinity! Don't release your charm here! You know what happened to us when we didn't limit our Divinity, right?!" Pearl shouted in his mind as Clovis immediately suppressed his Half-Celestial Physique.
He recalled how he got strangely attracted to Pearl and vice versa when this thing happened. Even Pearl didn't expect such a thing to happen since it was also her first time dealing with such a strange phenomenon.
During that time, Clovis was barely able to control himself. The moment he woke up from his trance, he immediately realized the cause of the problem.
It was his physique's fault.
Well, he knew since the beginning that his Half-Celestial Physique had a "Charm Effect" on others. He confirmed this matter during the Academy Competitions and had to restrict it with his ESP Spell before.
However, as his control of the Divinity got better, and his Incorruptible Body reached the Perfect Realm, he believed that it would no longer be a problem for him.
Unfortunately, he didn't expect it to be more effective on someone who had a Divinity in their bodies!
It was a strange effect that he didn't even see coming!
'It's probably a curse of the Celestial Bloodline… or perhaps a problem brought by just being Half-Celestial.' Clovis sighed as he decided to suppress his physique once again.
Although Pearl was quite far from him, the people in the airship might suddenly show attraction to him.
***
'Fine… I'll fight without using my physique's full capability. I'll fight as a Dark Magician and an Aura Master…' Clovis thought as his Meridian Access had now reached Level 9 or the Peak of Advanced Realm.
It means that his control over his Aura was already on a different level.
Crack. Crack. Crack.
As the vines were about to entrap him, Clovis waved his hand.
Concealed beneath the guise of the Masked Devil, he confronted the three imposing Druids and reminded himself to only use Dark Arts and Spirit Arts to ensure that his disguise would be perfect.
With a swift gesture, he summoned another batch of Shadow Soldiers to suppress the other gun-wielding Arcanists who were secretly waiting for an opportune moment.
Then, he summoned three Moonlight Specters to hunt the three unusual Arcanists that could control these vines.
The airship's deck became a battleground of the sentient vine and specters.
Of course, the Masked Devil had to join the fight!
With a flourish of his dagger, Clovis unleashed the Phantom Sword Technique, a dazzling display of combat finesse that sent shimmering arcs of phantom strikes slicing through the air!
He wanted to cut down all the vines that were taking over the airship's deck.
On the other hand, the Druids saw the Moonlight Specters but didn't take then seriously.
After all, Specters are still Spirits, and with their Spirit Vines, they should be able to deal with them without any issues.
"These Specters shouldn't last long…" One of the Druids muttered, undeterred by the incoming foes.
Soon, the three of them channeled nature's energy within them, conjuring a cyclone of verdant force that surged forth in a mesmerizing display.
Furthermore, the vines they summoned suddenly sprouted some thorns all over!
Then, it seemed that the vines had received a signal as they writhed and surged with a life of their own from the energy they channeled!
The thorny vines started coiling and lashing out at the encroaching Specter relentlessly!
However, as they thought that the Specters would just take the hit or try to defend, they realized that these Specters seemed to have minds of their own as they reacted like experts!
The Moonlight Specters weaved through the commotion, their ethereal forms pulsating with an otherworldly luminescence as they dodged the thorny vines effortlessly!
 Then, they rushed through the Druids in a mesmerizing ghostly movement!
"Retreat!"
The Druids had to back away and control their vines to return close to them.
The Specters continued on their chase and sliced everything that was blocking them!
"These aren't normal Specters!"
"It must be a Forbidden Art! He used a Sword Expert's Soul to create them!"
"What?! The Masked Devil is Necromancer?!"
"Yes! There was no way these Specters would be this strong!"
"What?! Then let's just use our holy talismans!"
The Druids argued as they changed their plans.
In the meantime, Clovis moved with uncanny agility as he started cutting off all the thorny vines that were targeting him. With a deft maneuver, he evaded the serpentine onslaught of the vines.
To be honest, he had been itching to use his Flame Arrow and Ember Spirit Spell to burn the vines.
However, his Masked Devil persona shouldn't be a Fire Elementalist.
He doesn't want to break the identity that he made.
In the end, he continued using his Phantom Sword Technique to cut down the vines until they stopped sprouting all over the place.
"Stop! That's enough!"
As Clovis grew weary of the protracted skirmish and thought of bringing down the Golden Airship, his attention was drawn to the arrival of the mastermind behind the vessel's operations.
His countenance bore the unmistakable markers of nobility. He was clad in resplendent attire, befitting his position. Intricate tattoos adorned his body, and Clovis was sure that they weren't for artistic purposes but something else.
'So he's not the captain…' Clovis commented in his mind as he stood still and observed the man.
The nobleman seemed furious as he started shouting at him and blaming him for the death of the three Druids.
"Druids? Ah... They're dead?"
Clovis was surprised as he immediately glanced toward the Moonlight Specters.



Chapter 569 Against the Prince
Clovis then saw the waning form of the last remaining Moonlight Specter, its spiritual essence was slowly dissipating into the air.
The toll of battling Arcanists wielding mastery over plant life, or Druids, was evident in the spectral entity's diminishing presence. The Specter was filled with holes and had its body ripped apart, but it was able to stand as a victor in its battle.
Then, looking behind the dissipating Specter, Clovis beheld the lifeless bodies of three Druids. They may not have external injuries on their bodies, but he could see that they fell from the Moonlight Specter's potent curse.
'It's still a fusion of three Advanced Realm Spells… Moonlight Specters are really strong.' Clovis mused as he recalled how his other enemies had been able to deal with his Fusion Spell before.
The Archbishop of the Church, the Gluttony, and the Vampire could easily deal with the Specters. This made him feel slightly disappointed, but seeing such a result now made him satisfied with the Fusion Spell again.
A wry smile graced Clovis's lips as he turned to confront the nobleman, the subtle curl of his expression concealed beneath the enigmatic veil of his mask.
"If you want me to spare your airship, you must be prepared to compensate me…" Clovis, the Masked Devil Incarnate, demanded, his words carrying an implicit weight of consequence.
"What?! Are you threatening me?! I'm Gregory Byron Ruri! The 14th Prince of the Kingdom! You have committed a grievous crime by boarding this Airship and killing my people! This is punishable by death!" The nobleman, incensed by the audacity of the threat, bristled with anger.
Then, he finally stepped forward to fight the Masked Devil himself!
Soon, everyone saw a luminescence from the tattoo marks beneath his clothes!
'These marks… Arcane Sigils?'
At that moment, a realization dawned upon Clovis, a recollection sparked by the resonating familiarity of the arcane sigils.
It was the gift from Heinz that Denise had sent to him!
'That's right… I remember now.'
At that time, he had extracted a few female Arcanists who had the same tattoo marks on their bodies! It happened in Roaring City before the start of the Twelve Academies Competition.
According to Denise, they were low-ranking nobles of the Ruri Kingdom!
Clovis's excitement surged the moment he laid eyes on this mystical ability. It was unlike anything he had encountered before.
The intricate tattoo marks distinguished themselves from both Rune Arts and Beast Arts, presenting a wholly unique manifestation of Arcane Magic.
'Then let's try it out…' Clovis thought as he secretly cast his Spell.
"What?"
Astonishingly, his Spell Dispersion had proven ineffective against Gregory, who seemed to emanate an unstoppable force as he steadily closed in on Clovis.
Cling~
At this time, Gregory drew his weapon.
What had initially appeared to be a ceremonial sword revealed itself as a mystical artifact, further intensifying the power he was releasing.
'Aren't you going to be exhausted at this rate? You're just releasing your energy to pressure me. Too wasteful…' Clovis commented in his mind.
Nevertheless, Clovis took this opportunity to release his Traceless Shift to steal the sword…
"Oh?"
To his surprise, the Traceless Shift that would rarely fail him was met with unexpected resistance.
Furthermore, Gregory showed no sign of reaction to the Spell he used! It feels as if the man didn't even notice that he just tried to steal the sword!
Piqued by this intriguing development, Clovis pondered his next move and decided to unleash his Fusion Spell – the Chain of Souls.
Darkness had suddenly surrounded Gregory, and several ethereal chains swiftly trapped him. Clovis's plan was to stab Gregory a few times using his Devil's Dagger, but the chain's hold didn't last that long.
In a matter of seconds, the chains succumbed to an unseen force, shattering with resounding cracks under the noble's protective aura.
"Hahaha! Was that Corrupted Chains? Pathetic…"
Gregory laughed after seeing how ineffective the Arcane Spell was against him.
Then, he taunted. "If that's all you can do, then you're mine!"
 With those words, he charged at Clovis!
Clovis felt a chill after hearing how Gregory wanted him. He felt as if the Prince was affected by his charm!
However, Clovis didn't delve too much into it as he had to fight! He used his Lightspeed Spell and put some distance from the Prince.
In this critical moment, he already discerned the formidable nature of Gregory's tattoo marks.
It was capable of nullifying or obliterating any form of Arcane Spells that was targeted at his body. As a matter of fact, even his Divine Sense and Spirit Vision, a typically reliable method of perception, proved futile in deciphering the mystery that enveloped Gregory's body.
At this time, Clovis had no idea which Arcane Path the Prince was practicing.
'Interesting…'
Clovis understood that a shift in strategy was imperative. Close combat became the only viable option since he didn't want to use too many Arcane Paths in this battle.
He could not reveal the fact that the Masked Devil Incarnate could practice numerous Arcan Paths.
Gripping the dagger tightly in his hand, he steeled himself for the impending clash with Gregory.
Without any more hesitation, he wielded Shadowblade Dance, weaving a dance of swift and intricate movements to fight against the Prince.
With the Darkness Manipulation that was still active, each of his steps carried a shadowy grace, and the dagger moved with lethal precision.
Clang! Clang! Clang!
Gregory responded in kind, unleashing Ruri Sword Style, a technique known for its grace and deadly effectiveness.
"Haha! An Arcanist that's capable of close combat! The Church of the Three Paragons wasn't overestimating you! No wonder your bounty is higher than that of the leader of the Fire Serpent Clan!"
Gregory laughed as he exchanged a few moves with the Masked Devil.
The Airship's deck was suddenly filled with the symphony of flashing blades and mesmerizing footwork.
Clovis, relying on his agility and mastery of the darkness, sought to exploit openings in Gregory's defense.
Meanwhile, Gregory's Ruri Sword Style demonstrated a harmonious blend of offense and defense, parrying and countering with the fluidity of a seasoned warrior!
He was able to match the Masked Devil's speed and strength!



Chapter 570 Unexpected Extractions
The remaining guards and Arcanists within the airship couldn't help but feel ecstatic as soon as they saw that the Prince wasn't losing in the fight!
They were helpless and even incapable of injuring the Masked Devil with their guns and spells. They thought that there was no hope and had to agree with the person's demand.
However, the incredible display of the Prince's prowess made them feel excited!
"Incredible! The Prince is using the number one sword style of the Kingdom, and he's not losing!"
"Those sigils on his body are also on a different level… Without those, he'll fail to keep up with that Masked Devil. We must help him!"
"That right… This Devil will soon fall down!"
"You can do it, Prince! Kill that Devil!"
Boom!
The clash intensified, and a dance of blades that transcended the physical realm unfolded in the airship's deck...
Shadows and glimmers of Arcane Sigils intertwined, creating a spectacle display of Arcane Arts.
Clovis wanted to get a chance to Extract the Prince, so he pressed on with his Shadowblade Dance.
However, it wasn't easy. He could also Extract his target by using his Darkness Manipulation, but the Prince's Arcane Sigils weren't allowing him to do so. He had to physically touch the Prince if he wanted to trigger his Extraction System.
His mind raced to find a solution as he checked his Spell Lights to find a useful Dark Spell. Luckily, he found a decent Spell that might be effective. He rarely uses this Spell, so he had to be precise.
In the meantime, the guards or the remaining Arcanists had also started preparing to help the Prince.
"Captain Calvin had given his order! He said that we need to ensure the Prince's safety and help him in his battle!" One of the officers in the ranks said as he kept the communication crystal in his pocket.
Then, as soon as the others heard this, they noticed that the Masked Devil had arrived in front of the corpses of the three Druids.
They thought it was just a coincidence because of their fast-paced battle, but as soon as they saw the Masked Devil touching the three corpses, they realized that he must've done something!
A sense of unease gripped them; it seemed like a ritual. But since they lacked concrete evidence, they opted to set aside their suspicions and just observe the corpses for now.
"He must be a necromancer, so he might revive them. Watch those corpses carefully!" One of the officers commanded.
The rest of them shifted their focus to aiding the Prince.
***
"Haha! Dodging now, Masked Devil? Is fear creeping in, or does your Phantasm State teeter on its end?" Gregory taunted, reveling in the realization that the Masked Devil's combat demeanor had shifted to a more defensive stance.
Furthermore, he had checked the time, and the Masked Devil's Phantasm State should've exceeded 15 minutes by now.
"Is that what you think?"
The Masked Devil replied as he proceeded to complete the Extraction of the three Druids.
 Artificial-Human corpse has been discovered. Would you like to extract it? 
'What in the world?' Clovis was shocked as soon as he saw this notification.
Luckily, he was wearing a mask, and no one saw his surprise.
After a moment of hesitation, Clovis proceeded with the Extraction.
 Extraction Successful. Energy +10
Dark Elf Essence +100
Complete Tree Shapeshift Spell Model
Druid Blessing Ring 
'Ah? Artificial Human with Dark Elf Essence? Wait… Why is it the first time I've heard about elves? I'm sure they're not in the Human Realm and were considered a Summon.' Clovis was confused, but he continued with the other extractions while in battle against the Prince.
 Extraction Successful. Energy +10
 Dark Elf Essence +100
Complete Life Detection Spell Model
Druid Blessing Ring 
After a brief nod of satisfaction, he continued with the last Druid.
 Extraction Successful. Energy +10
Dark Elf Essence +100
Complete Nature's Guise Spell Model
Druid Blessing Ring
Memory Fragment 
Once again, he obtained a terrible number of Energy Points and no Attributes at all. Nevertheless, aside from another Spell Model and Ring, he obtained a Memory Fragment.
As soon as the memory sank in, he immediately understood the importance of these Artificial Humans of the Ruri Kingdom.
However, before he could finish browsing the memories, he was interrupted by the charging Prince and had to avoid him agilely.
It didn't end there, several guns were aimed at him as soon as he jumped…
Bang! Bang! Bang!
A series of gunshots echoed as the guards tried to kill him while he was in the air.
He immediately descended to avoid these shots, and as expected, none of them dared to shoot as he stood closer to the Prince.
'Tsk…'
"Don't bother me." Clovis muttered as he activated his Light Absorption and Lightspeed.
As soon as he did this, however, Gregory had already finished his preparation and struck him on his back!
Bam!
Yvaine's Dark Sphere blocked the attack in the nick of time…
"Oh? You blocked that? Do you have eyes at the back of your head?" Gregory muttered as he stepped back.
In the meantime, Clovis was similarly surprised.
'I didn't feel this presence…' Clovis's eyes squinted as he noticed that the Prince's strength was getting stronger as they continued fighting.
'Fine… Let's end it here. The others have already escaped anyway.' Clovis thought as his gaze shifted to the fallen guards. He had no intention of extracting them, but he had an alternative plan.
Calmly locking eyes with Gregory, he raised his dagger, signaling the activation of his next spell—Call of the Divine Lightning.
A shadow of foreboding loomed over the airship as dark clouds gathered. In the blink of an eye, it unleashed a bolt of lightning accompanied by a deafening thunderclap upon the 14th Prince.
However, Gregory seemed to be awaiting this moment as he deployed a Mystical Artifact—a blue orb—to encapsulate and nullify the celestial onslaught.
Boom!
The lightning hit the blue orb in his hands instead!
"Haha! Remarkable! Now, this heavenly lightning orb is mine! Fool!" Taunted Gregory, revealing that he had indeed anticipated the Masked Devil's invocation of heavenly lightning.
Clovis, the Masked Devil, furrowed his brows as he was stunned by this unforeseen turn of events.
Yet, fate had another twist in store.
The once secure orb began to exhibit cracks, and realization dawned on Gregory's widened eyes.
Crack… Crack… Crack…
Hastily, he flung the orb away from the airship, and moments later, it detonated in a thunderous explosion.
Boom!
The orb had failed to contain the unleashed lightning.
Clovis chuckled at the turn of events, his laughter reaching Gregory's ears.



Chapter 571 Escape
Enraged by the Masked Devil's ridiculing laugh, Gregory charged with his full might.
He had no idea why the Masked Man's Phantasm State hadn't ended yet, and he didn't know when it would end. He couldn't continue this type of enduring battle.
'I'm the one who's about to reach the limit… I need to end this quickly!' Gregory gritted his teeth as he realized how incompetent he was.
If it was his older siblings, he knew that they wouldn't struggle against this Masked Devil.
"I know you're tired, Masked Devil! I'll end this now!" Gregory shouted to boost his confidence. He was sure that the heavenly lightning that the devil summoned took a toll on his body.
There was no way he wouldn't receive a backlash from summoning such mighty lightning.
However, the Masked Devil's preparation had already been completed.
The moment Clovis used his Light Absorption a while ago, he had also moved the corpses on the Airship's Deck!
He had already readied himself for the impending confrontation.
As soon as Clovis saw the opportunity, he released his Spell!
"Behold, Corpse Explosion!"
Clovis chanted, unleashing a series of explosions on the airship's deck.
Boom! Boom! Boom!
The surrounding was suddenly filled with deathly energy as the dread invocation of a Necromancer's Spell unfurled.
The corpses weren't triggered at the same time as they heralded a sequence of ominous detonations that reverberated through the airship with resounding force.
"W-what?!"
"Ahh! Help!"
"Save me!"
"My eyes!"
"Get away from the corpses!"
"Use your Spells to defend!"
The unexpected detonations seized the guards and the Prince in a maelstrom of disarray.
They were completely caught off guard in the wake of the ghastly spectacle that unfolded before them. Some of them were thrown away from the blast, and those that were unlucky immediately died.
The grim display of power made them want to surrender and give up any resistance.
'That's too strong…' Clovis mused for a moment, but he recalled that the strength of the Corpse Explosion also largely depended on the Corpse itself.
It means that he didn't have control over it.
Clovis's mastery over this Spell had already ascended to the Advanced Realm. It was about to reach the Perfect Realm, so its strength was further amplified.
"Just hold on! He'll be exhausted after using this strong Spell!"
"Yes! Kill him when you get the chance!"
The airship's crew started shouting as they tried to intimidate the Masked Devil. In reality, they just wanted him to go away and not come back.
Then, the airship quaked beneath the onslaught of the concussive force. It was a testament to the explosive might unleashed by Clovis's Necromancer Spell.
Amidst the chaos, the airship's descent was hastened by the urgent commands of its Captain, a sense of urgency permeating the vessel as it hurtled earthward with escalating velocity.
'Perfect…' Clovis muttered as his task here wasn't over yet.
Seizing the opportune moment presented by the chaos, Clovis swiftly invoked another spell. It was Lightspeed Spell that allowed him to move quickly.
Then, in less than a second, he was able to grab the disoriented Prince!
  Human corpse has been discovered. Would you like to extract it? 
'He's at least a real human…' Clovis commented in his mind as soon as he heard.
Then, he continued with his extraction.
 Extraction Successful. Energy +40, Vitality +0.25 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +40, Vitality +0.25 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +40, Agility +0.25 
 Extraction Successful. Complete Spell Light +1 
 Extraction Successful. Complete Slave Mark Spell Model 
 Extraction Successful. Spirit Stone +5 
 Extraction Successful. Unopened Arcane Sigil Scroll 
 Extraction Successful. Artificial Human Blueprint 
'Mhmm?' Clovis didn't quite expect the result of his extractions.
The Prince didn't give many attributes, but he had actually given several items! This had never happened before!
'So generous!'
Clovus knew about the Spirit Pearls, but the Spirit Stone was new to him… However, he felt that they were related to Spirit Strands.
As for the other two items, he could only guess. He wanted to inspect them immediately.
However, he didn't have much time to spare.
Several Arcanists were already rushing at him, and his Phantasm State was about to end.
He had to leave quickly!
"You won't get away!"
"Catch him!"
Clovis heard his pursuers as he executed a daring escape from the plummeting airship.
He was spurred by their ominous approach as they seemed to have gone mad the moment he threw the Prince away.
Furthermore, the Arcanists from the two other airships had also started aiming at him...
Initially, he wanted to extract all these people who dared to ambush their squad and try to take the treasures they got in the Vampire Castle.
However, the duration of his Phantasm State had already exceeded forty minutes!
It was such an incredible achievement, and no one would probably believe him if he said this. Of course, this would not be possible without the Obsidian Amulet bestowed upon him by Heinz.
If not for that, he'd probably be on the verge of madness, or according to their professors, he would be taken by the Darkness.
'Levitation…' Clovis muttered.
With a deft command of Levitation, Clovis swiftly navigated his course toward the verdant embrace of the dark forest below.
Then, several targeted spells came at him, but his evasive maneuver made it impossible to get hit!
"What's with this movement technique?"
"How can he move like that while flying?"
"I thought he's a Dark Magician?! That flying skill is not normal!"
"Don't stop! Continue chanting your spells!" The leader of the Arcanists shouted, though he also felt frustrated.
On the other hand, amidst all the strange spells coming at him, Clovis realized that he would get hit soon.
With this in mind, he immediately canceled his Levitation, Lightspeed, and Meridian Access…
Then, he used his powerful Divine Lightning again to stop the other airships from following him!
Boom! Boom!
The bright, powerful lightning bolts caused another chaos and made it easier for Clovis to escape.
As the lightning faded, Clovis disappeared into the darkness…



Chapter 572 Faith
A lady in her thirties woke up because of the strange fluctuation of Arcane Energy near the village where she was staying.
She had a fair complexion and delicate features. Her long blond hair was braided and hung over her shoulder. She wore a simple white dress while lying on her bed.
Because of the threat she felt from those waves of Arcane Energy, she instinctively held the cane that helped her sense her surroundings. Of course, it was also a weapon in case she needed to fight.
The room she lived in was small and cozy. It had a wooden bed, a table, a chair, and a wardrobe. There was a window that let in some light and fresh air. The room was decorated with some flowers and candles that she could smell.
Although she was blind, she still glanced at the window as if she could see what was going on outside…
'What's going on?' She muttered.
Her name was Faith.
Previously, Faith had served as the Manager of the Contribution Points Exchange Hall at Vermont Academy. However, following a devastating attack on the Academy, she discovered that two students had been displaced to an unknown location.
She couldn't just escape with the others, so she took the mission of taking them back even without the instruction of the Headmaster.
She was determined to locate them, and she knew that she had to avoid any conflicts that may stop her from finding those two students.
Soon, her incredible senses found several airships in the sky and one of them was being assailed in the vicinity.
She was bewildered by the sudden outbreak of conflict in this border region.
"Why are they here? Is there another war I'm unaware of?" She pondered.
Luckily, she didn't have to flee from the village since it didn't take long before the disturbance eventually abated, allowing her to return to rest.
The next morning, she got up and prepared to leave the village.
Now that she thinks about it, she feels that the commotion was related to the students she was trying to find.
She didn't bother having breakfast as she put on her cloak and grabbed her cane.
She then walked out of the room and thanked the innkeeper for his hospitality. Before anything else, she headed to the market, where she hoped to find some food, water, and medicine.
After all, she wasn't sure if she could find another village to resupply.
Faith approached a stall that sold fruits and vegetables. She smelled the fresh produce and picked some apples and carrots.
She checked their prices and confirmed that everything in the village was cheap.
"2 zen and 50 nolls for a dozen, Miss…" The vendor said.
"Alright…"
Faith then handed him the coins and put the fruits and vegetables in her bag.
"Excuse me, sir, but do you know what happened last night?" She asked casually. "I heard some loud noises and saw some lights in the sky."
Faith said. Although she was blind, she could easily pose as a normal person thanks to her being an Arcanist.
The vendor then looked around nervously and lowered his voice.
"It was an airship attack, miss. I heard that some rebels tried escaping the country. They failed, of course. The Kingdom's airships are too strong. They have powerful cannons and a crew made up of Arcanists! They can fly faster than the wind. They are the pride of the Kingdom!"
She nodded and pretended to be impressed.
"Wow, that sounds amazing. But why did I notice that an airship was plummeting? I mean, do you know about those rebels? Why are they doing this? As you see, I'm a traveler from a different country." She said.
The vendor shrugged.
"Who knows, miss? They are crazy. They hate the king and his laws. They want to overthrow him and start a new order. They are dangerous. I heard that even the 14th Prince is chasing after them. I hope the Prince is fine…"
Faith forced a smile as she realized that she couldn't really get any decent information from a vendor.
Well, it was not like she was expecting a lot from them.
"Ahh. They sound terrible. Thank you for your information, sir. Have a nice day."
 She quickly moved away from the stall and looked for another one. She hoped to find someone who knew more about the Kingdom's rebels as she might encounter them while staying here in this country.
***
After some time, Faith started walking through the forest, following the traces of Arcane Energy around the place.
It didn't take that long before she arrived at what seemed like a battle field and she could sense the different types of Arcane Energy that had been used in the battle.
There were traces of Elemental Energy, Mystical Energy, Aura, and Beast Energy.
However, what attracted her attention was the existence of Dark Energy.
This confirmed the existence of Dark Magicians around the place!
'Finally… I'm getting closer.' She silently thought.
Of course, she wasn't sure whether she had found the students or whether these were the traces of other Dark Magicians.
Nevertheless, she finally had a clue and wanted to celebrate it a little.
'But where did they go this time? Were they captured by the airships?'
She mused for a moment.
Then, as she continued her search, she saw a castle on the hill.
It was a large and imposing structure made of black stone and iron. It had tall towers, pointed roofs, and blocked windows. It looked like an abandoned castle since she wasn't feeling anything.
However, she had heard the rumors about the castle from the villagers.
They said it belonged to a vampire, a creature of the night that fed on blood. They said no one who entered the castle ever came back.
It was supposedly cursed and haunted according to them…
'So I really can't trust those people…' Faith mused as she headed to the castle.



Chapter 573 Fused
Faith did not feel any threat after looking at the castle. At most, it seemed quite intimidating if viewed from afar. Furthermore, once at night, this castle would really look like a haunted one.
However, despite spreading her Magic Zone to the limit and using her Spirit Sense, she failed to find the said Vampire or even its familiars.
'Did it flee after the commotion last night?' Faith mused as several scenarios about last night's events occurred in her mind.
The Vampire might've been caught in the crossfire between the kingdom's soldiers and the rebels, or perhaps the Vampire was the target all along.
Anyway, Faith had no interest in exploring the castle, but she had to find any traces or clues in that castle...
She had a feeling that this castle would help her find what she was looking for.
Soon, she reached the main door, which was open and broken.
After several more inspections of her Spirit Sense, she cast a Spell to hide her presence and entered the castle. Then, she started using a stronger inspection spell, Spirit Vision.
Then, she saw signs of a fight all over the place.
There were scorch marks, blood stains, broken furniture, and shattered glass. There were also skeletons around, some of them wearing the uniforms of the kingdom's soldiers and some of them wearing the robes of Arcanists. They were all killed by various means.
'The traces of battle look recent, but they're already skeletons? What's going on here?' Faith felt confused.
It seems that after the battle of the airships in the sky, the kingdom's soldiers rested in this castle only to be met with a gruesome death.
"It's weird…" Faith muttered as the traces she found looked quite unusual.
She searched the bodies, hoping to find more clues or information.
However, she found nothing but broken weapons, coins, and some personal items.
She had no other choice but to move on, deeper into the castle.
She explored the castle, room by room. She saw more signs of destruction and death. She also saw some strange and creepy things, such as paintings of pale and sinister faces, statues of bats and wolves, and books of dark and forbidden lore.
'These things are valuable… There was no way the Vampire would just leave these things behind.' Faith mused as she felt more curious about what had happened to this place.
Soon, she reached the end of a corridor and saw a large door. It was locked and sealed with a powerful spell.
'This Formation Circle is incredible…' She muttered as she realized that without her Sovereign Artifact, she would undoubtedly fail to open this seal.
After a moment of hesitation, she decided to open the door and see what was inside. She tapped the door a couple of times and activated the cane's special ability.
Thud!
She used her cane to absorb the seal and dispel the traps placed on the door!
It happened so swiftly, and she didn't even feel any resistance from the seals. She pushed the door open and entered the room.
"Mhmm?"
***
Meanwhile, as Clovis was immersed in his Spell Fusion research, Pearl had a stack of books next to her as she was also looking for a better Spell Fusion.
After all, unlike Clovis, who had an Extraction Space where he could experiment with his Spell Fusion, Pearl could only try it once or risk ruining her Spell Models and losing her proficiency over them.
Clovis, in his Extraction Space, was in the midst of his Spell Fusion.
 Spell Fusion Successful 
 Toxic Wind, Wind Bullet, and Flame Arrow Spell Models have merged into Toxic Tempest Spell Model 
 You have 5 seconds to undo the Fusion, which will cost 50 Divinity Points. 
 Do you wish to accept this Spell Model? 
5... 4... 3... 2…
 You have acquired Toxic Tempest Spell Model 
 "Toxic Tempest… It seemed a lot stronger. However, it feels too evil." Clovis mused as he realized how dangerous this Spell was.
He could literally wipe out the population of a whole city with this Spell if he decided to increase its mastery.
Normal people would be so helpless on this Spell and would die if they didn't have the antidote they needed.
Nevertheless, Clovis didn't stop, as he knew that he had to get stronger Spells.
He already had enough movement spells and support spells. He was currently lacking offensive spells that could turn the tides of battle. After all, he couldn't just rely on his Celestial Art, as it consumes a lot of Divinity Points.
After some time, he selected other spells he'd Fuse later on. There was a cooldown for the Fuse Function of the System, so he had to wait for a while.
After looking at his Spell Models, he thought of Fusing the Life Detection Spell he recently obtained and Divine Sense… It was a Fusion of Elemental and Holy Spell.
If the Fusion Spell result were good, he would go with it.
However, if the Spell Fusion result were bad, he'd cancel it and add the Spirit Vision instead.
Apparently, fusing from different Arcane Paths was difficult. The results could be terrible, especially if they don't have the same essence or effects.
Because of that, he had to experiment a lot, or at least, he had to do more research in various Spell Fusion Books he could find.
One of the solutions he discovered was to add more Spell!
As he was thinking of another set of Spells to be fused, a commotion occurred in the room.
"Ah! Someone's breaking the seal!" Pearl exclaimed as she only sensed the intruder of the castle when the seal that she created was attacked!
Clovis was instantly awakened by Yvaine and snapped out of his trance.
Then, he quickly glanced at the door and saw that it was already open!
Without delay, he used his Divine Sense to identify the intruder while also using his Morph to alter his appearance.
However, his Divine Sense failed him again, so he had to rely on his Eagle Eye and Spirit Vision.
Soon, he spotted a familiar woman.
It was the enigmatic lady of the Exchange Hall.
"Manager Faith?" Clovis said in surprise as he changed back to his Vale Chambers' appearance.



Chapter 574 Revenge
"This aura… and that Dark Spirit… Vale?" Faith asked in astonishment as she recognized Vale's presence.
As a Half-Spirit, she had a keen sense of the existence of Dark Spirits.
Since Vale had Yvaine, a Dark Spirit living in his Shadow, Faith could easily remember him.
"Yes, Manager Faith. It's me, Vale. I'm surprised to see you here." Vale answered as he got up to greet the Manager of the Contribution Points Exchange Hall, Faith.
Faith wryly smiled when she heard him and replied. "The Academy was already in ruins. It was destroyed by the Holy Arts Faction's Alliance. I'm no longer the Manager of the Exchange Hall."
Vale couldn't help but feel gloomy after hearing this. Even though he already knew that the Academy was attacked and the war between the Dark Arts Faction and Holy Arts Faction was ongoing, he still hoped that the Academy had survived.
After all, he had studied at the Vermont Academy for the last four years.
"So the Dark Arts Faction really lost to them..." Vale murmured.
"Don't worry… The Faction had endured for so long. This loss isn't much. Furthermore, the top Arcanists of the Faction didn't join the battle this time. It would be different if they were protecting the Academy at that time. Besides, the Dark Arts Faction isn't alone this time. They'll make a comeback soon…" Faith mysteriously said.
Vale wanted to ask more questions, but Faith shifted her attention to the young girl close to him. She was a striking beauty with sapphire eyes and azure hair that cascaded down her back.
She had a slender figure and a graceful posture. She wore a simple white dress that contrasted with her dark leather boots.
At this time, she was holding a book in her hand, indicating her interest in learning. She looked at Faith with curiosity and respect as she waited to be introduced.
"What's the name of your companion?" Faith asked.
"Right… This is Pearl. She's a friend of mine. After I was attacked by the members of the Vessels, I escaped the city, and she joined me afterward." Vale said.
"Pearl… Are you a—Wait! Vale, are you referring to the Evanescent Vessels? Why were you attacked?"
Faith wanted to know about Pearl's real identity, but after processing Vale's words, she quickly asked what happened.
There, Vale told her what had happened after he obtained his complete Shadow from the Headmaster.
The Vessels tried to kill him and take the reward he got from the Ascension Tower. However, he managed to fight back and flee the scene.
The reward, or the Creation Ring, wasn't even usable yet as it was still sealed.
Vale didn't mind telling this story since he knew Faith wasn't a Dark Arts Practitioner, or at the very least, she wasn't just practicing the Dark Arts. Like him and Pearl, he knew Faith was also practicing multiple Arcane Arts.
After some time, Vale inquired about Faith's presence in the Vampire's Castle, prompting her to explain that she was searching for Lisa and Chad, who had been displaced to a different location following a malfunction in the teleportation circle while they were attempting to escape.
"Lisa Grayback and Chad Bulmung?" Vale asked in shock.
"Yes…"
Faith had taken it upon herself to locate the two. After all, she knew that aside from her, no one else had noticed the location where they went.
Furthermore, she could've accurately traced them if she hadn't been hindered by the Third Guardian of the Transformation Arts Faction and the Vice Commander of the Prime Wisemen at the time of the incident.
Shocked by the revelation that Lisa and Chad were missing, Vale asked, "Is there anything I can help you with, Miss Faith?"
"During the time they were displaced, I sensed that they were transported to this region. My little knowledge about spatial disruption allowed me to sense it at that time…" Faith explained as she accepted Vale's offer of assistance.
Vale then forgot about his plan for the Spell Fusion as the group engaged in a discussion.
Vale started sharing the events that transpired in the Vampire Castle while Faith provided insights into the current situation of the Dark Arts Faction against the Allied Factions.
Finally, Vale recounted the previous night's events involving the Airships led by a Prince. Of course, he hid the fact that he was the Masked Devil and just mentioned how those people tried taking their items.
"You and your squads confronted the 14th Prince?!" Faith asked in astonishment.
"Y-yes… Is it really that bad?" Vale asked.
"No… You guys should've killed all of them instead. It would be less troublesome that way." Faith replied while shaking her head.
"Ah." Vale's mouth opened, but he was unable to give a proper response. He couldn't help but recall Heinz's words before when he confronted the seniors of the Academy.
"Miss Faith, I don't think we are strong enough to fight against their fleet." Vale could only reply after some time.
 "Ha! You think you can fool me? Your companion here isn't ordinary… You as well. I'm sure that you could've dealt with the problem. You shouldn't hesitate next time. Anyway, I won't be asking about your secrets. My mission here is to find those kids." Faith replied as she waved her hand.
Vale could not reply to that and just nodded obediently.
***
In the meantime, while Vale was immersed in his reunion with Faith, his enemy was already planning to take his revenge.
In the grand halls of a large manor, the 14th Prince had just finished his report to his father's subordinate, the Royal Knights Commander, Gram Cromwell.
Adorned with red tattoo marks or Arcane Sigils all over his body, including his face, Grant stood tall while looking at the incompetent Prince.
He was in the middle of a celebration for acquiring another Arcane Sigil when this person chose to interrupt him in his chamber.
After learning what had happened, he couldn't help but feel disappointed again in this Prince.
"So everything has turned into chaos because of one Arcanist, the Masked Devil Incarnate?" He inquired, his deep voice echoing through the opulent chamber.



Chapter 575 The Ritual
As Vale and his companions left the Vampire's castle, a ritual in a distant land had started.
In the northern part of the Millton Kingdom, a large gathering of hundreds of people dressed in black robes could be spotted chanting in an ancient language.
They stood in orderly rows in front of a towering stone statue that bore a striking resemblance to a demonic figure.
For nearly an hour, they chanted prayers and offered up valuable materials, the worth of which could easily exceed a million zen.
Soon, they reached the end of their prayer.
"Oh, mighty one, from the depths of the unknown, we implore you to grace us with your presence. Bring forth your wisdom and power, and bestow upon us the gifts of chaos. We offer our sacrifices as a testament to our allegiance. Hear our call and manifest before us!"
Following the conclusion of their intense prayer, the members of the cult dressed in black robes simultaneously collapsed to the ground, creating an eerie and foreboding atmosphere.
Sometime after this, otherworldly energy began to permeate the surroundings, signaling the imminent arrival of the mysterious entity they had been invoking.
Not far from this unsettling scene, another group of individuals, also garbed in black robes adorned with a goat's head symbol, gazed at the stone statue with intense anticipation.
After a few moments, a monumental crack in the fabric of space materialized beneath the statue, and a multitude of entities emerged.
These otherworldly beings seemed human, except for the prominent presence of horns upon their heads.
"They're here…" One of them muttered as they observed the individuals.
They soon glanced at each other as they silently agreed to welcome them.
***
At the forefront of the group of entities that had just arrived, one figure stood out with two black horns adorning his head and fiery red hair.
He had striking white skin, handsome visage, and discernible fangs that added to his enigmatic presence. Clad in a robe that exuded an aura of demonic power, he surveyed the collapsed individuals in black robes with a bemused expression.
"What do we have here?" He murmured upon seeing the fallen cult members.
At this time, the spatial crack behind them had also closed, confirming that only 16 of them had been summoned into this realm. Then, his piercing gaze shifted to the approaching figures.
These figures were the ten black-robed men who had been observing from a distance, and they hastened to greet the newly arrived entities.
As they drew near, they swiftly fell to their knees and addressed the entities with reverence.
"Welcome, Demon Saints! We have eagerly awaited your arrival…" They proclaimed, their voices resonating with deference and anticipation.
"Oh? Interesting... So you know about us? Who are you, and why did you summon us?" The Demon Saint asked with an arrogant tone. He seemed to be testing the humans in front of him.
The ten black-robed people were shocked by his question. They thought he would be pleased by their worship. They did not expect him to sound hostile.
They quickly tried to explain.
"We are your loyal followers, Demon Saints. We are the members of the Order of Fatality. We have been praying to you and waiting for you for a long time. We want to serve you and help you... To be exact, we want to join you in your glorious mission."
The Demon Saint didn't know whether to laugh at their words as none of them had such a glorious mission.
However, if they were summoned for a specific reason, they could guess what was going on.
"Glorious mission? Hmm… Are you telling me that there's a living Immortal in this realm?" The Demon Saint asked curiously.
At this question, the others behind him finally reacted.
***
In the Arcane Cloud Tower situated near the capital city of the Millton Kingdom, Odessa, the esteemed Royal Mage, sat in a cross-legged position, attentively overseeing the Core of the Tower.
Her fair complexion seemed to radiate a soft luminescence in the muted light of the chamber.
Adorned with intricate magical accessories, including ornate amulets and rings adorned with ancient runes, she exuded an aura of wisdom and nobility, befitting her esteemed position.
Her Arcanist Robe draped gracefully around her, bearing the symbols of her station as a custodian of Ancient Knowledge and Guardian of Lost Arcane Arts.
'Mhmm?'
 Odessa furrowed her brows as she felt something off about the Core's pulsation of energy.
Her Arcane Tower served not only as a center for learning and honing magical skills but also as a vital shield safeguarding the surroundings of the capital.
Any reaction from the Core could be related to their safety.
Suddenly, the aura it was emitting started getting stronger.
The Tower's Core underwent a brief and unsettling upheaval.
"What's going on? Why are you reacting like that if we're not under attack…" Odessa was confused, as such anomalous behavior from the Core typically signified the detection of a looming ominous threat.
However, the disturbance didn't last long, as if it was nothing more than a momentary malfunction.
Of course, Odessa wouldn't leave it at that.
She was perturbed by this unusual occurrence, so she swiftly sought the counsel of the Tower's Seers to unravel the mystery.
After a consultation with the Seer, a chilling prophecy was revealed to her…
"The realm that was long sealed, shall soon yawn open, unleashing a tide of unrelenting chaos that shall engulf the entire continent. From the depths of darkness, ancient powers shall rise, casting the realm into an era of turmoil and strife. The balance of magic and the fates of all shall be put to the ultimate test in a cataclysmic struggle for dominion."
***
As Odessa unearthed this foreboding menace, a multitude of eminent Arcanists across the continent had also come to the same alarming realization.
The venerable heads of the Twelve Arcane Paths, the esteemed leaders of the Orthodox Churches, the influential figures governing the Arcanist Guilds, and the sensible guardians of the Arcane Bureau all became acutely aware that the facade of tranquility was on the brink of shattering.



Chapter 576 Seized
"Are we there yet?" Vale asked Faith while looking at her graceful figure figure from behind.
At this time, he was still unable to understand how Faith could see the surroundings and how it felt like she had unlimited duration in Magic Zone.
Apparently, it had already been two weeks following their departure from the Vampire Castle, and Faith finally stumbled upon a new lead that could lead them to Lisa and Chad.
"We're getting closer… However, it might take the whole day if we continue like this. What's your movement spell's mastery?" Faith asked as she turned her head as if she was eyeing Vale.
"It's in the Advanced Realm... I'm not using it yet." Vale replied as he shifted his attention to Pearl.
"It's the same for me." Pearl added.
Faith nodded in acknowledgment. She didn't seem surprised as she had just accepted that young practitioners like them could have several advanced realm spells.
"Alright... Try to keep up with me. Use your Movement Spells now," Faith urged as she activated her own enchantment.
The moment she did so, her form seemed to transform into that of a ghost!
Her speed became nothing short of incredible, and most remarkably, she effortlessly phased through trees and rocks! Nothing could impede her while she remained in this otherworldly state.
Vale couldn't conceal his astonishment at the astonishing speed displayed before him.
"Is that the Ghost Walk in the Perfect Realm? That looks so incredible..." He pondered aloud.
Recollecting that the Ghost Walk was primarily purposed for combat, designed for short bursts of movement, he had never deemed it necessary. Instead, he'd rely on his exceptional Agility to cover close distances in battle.
He felt that it would be better than wasting a Spell Light for a short burst movement spell.
Observing Faith grow more distant, Vale and Pearl swiftly followed suit.
Vale invoked his Lightspeed Spell, augmented by his unmatched Agility, propelling himself to catch up with Faith. Meanwhile, Pearl's eyes radiated with an azure glow, enveloping her in crackling static electricity before she surged forward.
Whoossh~
In the blink of an eye, she drew level with the pair and maintained her velocity to keep pace with them.
'These two are comparable to graduates in terms of movement speed. Amazing…' Faith silently thought as she was also monitoring the two's movements while tracing Chad's Ghost King Body…
Indeed… The reason why Faith could sense Chad's whereabouts was thanks to Chad's mastery of Ghost King Body. A physique that only Spiritual Beings or Undead Creatures could typically learn.
***
As they continued to travel for more than half an hour, Faith decided to take a rest as she found a spot to wait for the cooldown of their Spells.
"Let's rest for 15 minutes…" Faith said as she stopped on a nearby rock formation.
"Hmm… Did you select this spot to deal with those Evil Creatures?" Vale suddenly asked as he looked ahead.
"Oh…"
Faith felt a bit surprised since the location of those Evil Creatures was about 270 meters! That was incredibly far already!
There was no way a fourth-year student was capable of doing that.
Faith suppressed her astonishment as she nodded at Vale.
"Yes, I'm planning to take care of them… No matter what, they're someone else's corpse possessed by an Evil Spirit. We should free them or put them to rest." Faith said.
"Alright... I'll take care of them. It won't take long," Vale replied confidently.
He then gestured to Pearl to stay and take a rest before he dashed forward to confront the trio of Malevolent Entities positioned about 270 meters away.
Despite not being able to see them directly, his Magic Zone keenly detected their presence, and they seemed to be quite injured.
They must've fought against someone and had fled in this direction.
'This should be quick.'
As he approached, the three Evil Creatures pivoted towards him, revealing their eerie appearance.
 Each entity bore a peculiar visage, with gnarled, obsidian-hued features twisted into grotesque, malevolent expressions.
Their eyes glowed with an eerie, crimson light, exuding an intense aura of malice.
They looked sinister as shadowy tendrils extended from their forms, surrounding them in an aura of darkness that seemed to warp the very air around them.
'These guys looked strong…' Vale commented in his mind as he noticed that these creatures had horns on their heads.
Without hesitation, these Evil Creatures rushed towards Vale with an intimidating roar!
Graaa!
They seemed so delighted and couldn't wait to tear him apart!
"Come!" Vale taunted as he wanted them to get nearer. Although his Spells could reach them already, it would always be stronger if they were nearer.
With a swift and practiced motion, he soon unleashed his Chain of Souls.
The dark chains appeared from the darkness around them, and before they could react, the chains had already started coiling them, binding them in an otherworldly embrace, restraining their movements, and sapping their malevolent strength.
'That's easy…'
They tried removing the chains by brute force, and they could certainly succeed if Vale had just watched them destroy the chains.
Seizing the moment, Vale conjured his Shadow Soldiers. In a few moments, shadowy apparitions materialized around the Creatures.
These otherworldly warriors encircled the entities, but this time, they didn't manifest their dark blades.
"Hold them down…" Vale ordered.
With seamless coordination, the Shadow Soldiers pressed upon the entities, further subduing their resistance and enveloping them in a shroud of spectral suppression.
"Don't resist… I want to extract you all with your full strength intact." Vale said as he knew that these Evil Creatures have Spirit Arts or Neutral Spells.
It must be remembered that his Traceless Shift was taken from an Evil Creature. There was no way he would allow such a creature to be unextracted!
As their movements gradually waned, Vale advanced purposefully.
Vale then approached each entity, his touch invoking the Extraction process.
One by one, Vale extracted their attributes, malevolent energies, Spell Models, and drew out the essence...



Chapter 577 Extraction Space
 Living Monster has been discovered. Would you like to start the extraction? 
'Yes…'
 Extraction Successful. Energy +120
Vitality +1
Agility +1.5
Fiend Essence +100
Complete Spell Light +1
Complete Toxic Breath Spell Model
Immortal Shard 
'Immortal Shard? Why would this creature drop a shard on me?' Vale was surprised as he had never extracted this item before.
Nevertheless, he continued with his extractions as he surely wanted to get more of them.
 Extraction Successful. Energy +120
Vitality +1
Strength +1.5
Fiend Essence +100
Complete Spell Light +1
Complete Heat Detection Spell Model
Immortal Shard 
'Another Immortal Shard… Not bad.' Vale couldn't help but smile, seeing the good result of his extractions.
As for the last creature, he finally got a decent Spell Model.
 Extraction Successful. Energy +120
Vitality +1
Agility +1.5
Fiend Essence +100
Complete Spell Light +1
Complete Evil Hand Spell Model
Immortal Shard 
Vale wasn't sure what kind of Spell it was, but he felt that this Spell might be a good combination with his Gorilla Punch and Flaming Palm Spells.
These two low-tier Spells were taking up precious slots in his Spell Lights, after all. Instead of removing them, he'd just fuse them with other spells and hope for the best.
'Maybe I should do the Fusion now before returning…'
Vale suddenly had an idea, so swiftly killed the barely struggling Evil Creatures before extracting them once again for more Attributes and Energy. He no longer received any Spell Models or items from them, but he was already satisfied with it.
Extraction Space…
Vale didn't bother to find a different place. He simply ordered Yvaine to guard him as he entered the special state.
Inside the Extraction Space, his spiritual body stood in front of the Spell Models he had recorded.
There were quite a lot of them.
  Human Arts List:
Dark Arts: Spell Dispersion Lv8, Incorruptible Body Lv10, Darkness Manipulation Lv8, Spirit Vision Lv7, Light Absorption Lv7, Create Shadow Soldier Lv7, Active Curse Break Lv7, Corpse Explosion Lv7, Locate Corpse Lv7, Shadow Gate Lv7, Moonlight Specter Lv7, Chain of Souls Lv7, Oblivion Trance Lv7 
Holy Arts: Divine Sense Lv8, Blessed Healing Lv7, Exorcism Lv7
Summoning Art: Grimoire Attraction Lv7
Transformation Art: Morph Lv7, Voice Manipulation Lv7
Martial Art: Meridian Access Lv9, Flaming Palm Lv0
Mystic Arts: Arcane Armor Lv8, Soul Bind Lv7, Reveal Lv0, Telepathy Lv0, Item Appraisal Lv0, Tree Shapeshift Lv0, Nature's Guise Lv0
Beast Art: Wild Whisper Spell Lv7, Eagle Eye Lv0, Gorilla Punch Lv0
Elemental Arts: Tidal Wave Torrent Lv7, Water Domain Lv7, Ember Spirit Lv0, Wind Spirit Summon Lv0 , Toxic Tempest Lv5 
Rune Arts: Rune Simplification Lv0, Rune Analysis Lv0 
Celestial Arts List: Call of the Divine Lightning Lv8, Shadow Mutilation Lv7, Aurora's Embrace Lv7 
Spirit Arts List: Extrasensory Perception Spell Lv9, Traceless Shift Lv8, Lightspeed Lv7, Levitation Lv7, Blood Manipulation Lv0, Blood Curse Lv0, Shadow Extraction Lv0, Sonic Fist Lv0, Life Detection Lv0, Slave Mark Lv0, Toxic Breath Lv0, Heat Detection Lv0, Evil Hand Lv0 
Vale certainly had plenty of Spells compared to normal Arcanists. However, he believed he was still lacking… Especially if he wanted to fight against the beings he should be careful of.
According to Pearl, the Time Manipulators and Demon Saints were the natural enemies of Celestials. The Time Manipulators were certainly a big problem, and he felt that his current set of Spells was still lacking.
At this moment, he had no idea how to deal with anyone who could control Time.
At most, he'd probably heavily rely on his recently acquired Artifacts to fight them to save himself.
As for the Demonic Light of the Demon Saints, he doesn't know how this light works, so he has to continue acquiring better spells.
 You have selected Eagle Eye, Life Detection, and Heat Detection Spells. 
 You can no longer select another Spell Model. 
 Do you want to start the Fusion? 
Vale saw the message, and just like his previous Fusion, he got the same message after selecting three Spells. He was planning to just agree with it, but he suddenly had a thought…
"I can no longer select another Spell Model… but does it mean I can add anything that's not a Spell Model?" Vale thought as he recalled something that he had been curious about: the addition of Essence stored in the Extraction Space for his Fusion Process.
 100 Draconic Essence has been added. 
 You have selected Eagle Eye, Life Detection, and Heat Detection Spells with 100 Draconic Essence. 
You no longer have a Fusion Slot. 
 Do you want to start the Fusion? 
"Yes!"
Vale said as he proceeded with the Fusion.
 Spell Fusion Successful 
 Eagle Eye, Life Detection, and Heat Detection Spell Models have merged into Dragon's True Sight Spell Model 
 You have 5 seconds to undo the Fusion, which will cost 50 Divinity Points. 
 Do you wish to accept this Spell Model? 
5... 4... 3... 2…
 You have acquired Dragon's True Sight Spell Model 
"Dragon's True Sight? Isn't this too amazing?" Vale was shocked as he hadn't expected that he'd obtain such a great result just by adding 100 Draconic Essence.
Although it decreased the number of times he could morph into a dragon, it was certainly worth the price, considering this Dragon's True Sight Spell was something he could always use.
Without any hesitation, Vale increased the Mastery of the Spell by spending some Energy Points.
 Consume 25 energy points to improve Dragon's True Sight? 
'Yes…' Vale proceeded as he didn't mind the number of points he had to spend. After all, it was still cheaper than his Incorruptible Body.
 Advancement Successful. Dragon's True Sight Lv1 
 Consume 50 energy points to improve Dragon's True Sight? 
 Consume 100 energy points to improve Dragon's True Sight? 
…
 Consume 1600 energy points to improve Dragon's True Sight? 
 Advancement Successful. Dragon's True Sight Lv7 
Vale spent a total of 3,175 Energy Points, but he didn't mind this at all.
As soon as he came out of his Extraction Space, he immediately tried to use the newly acquired Spell.



Chapter 578 True Sight
Vale swiftly entered his Phantasm State and spread out his Magic Zone...
After doing this, he activated one of his Spell Models, the Dragon's True Sight!
His eyes turned blue, and his pupils constricted, similar to that of a Dragon.
Then, he observed the surroundings and looked around the trees, rocks, the waning corpses of the Evil Creatures, and the insects and animals hiding around, and soon, he found what he was looking for: his party members.
He first sensed Faith, followed by Pearl, who seemed to be observing him as well.
'Ahh… Is she worried about me?' Vale momentarily thought before inspecting her with his True Sight.
'I can feel her Divinity and even the Magic Artifacts she had. Furthermore, I can sense her... soul? What's this?' Vale felt a bit confused as he tried to find the difference between his normal detection spells and the True Sight Spell.
After a moment of thought, he finally understood.
'So it's like that...' Vale finally realized that it was Pearl's true soul, the Master of the Mystic Tower. It was certainly prominent and befitting of her status as a Tower Master.
Vale also noticed some ethereal glow in the space around her.
It was the same for Faith. It was something he couldn't see from animals and insects, so he could only guess that it was similar to Arcane Energy.
As he focused his True Sight on Faith, he finally understood her true identity.
"So she's really a Half-Spirit... Furthermore, she's carrying a Mystical Artifact that's glowing too brightly." Vale muttered while feeling a bit shocked.
After all, he thought that the ring she had was just a normal Artifact. He didn't expect the Dragon's True Sight to see something in it.
'So this true sight can see the true nature of magic items… And if I'm not wrong, it can also see through disguises, invisibility, and shapeshifting…' Vale mused as he appreciated the new Spell Fusion.
He believed that with this Spell, he'd no longer get tricked or get caught in traps.
Of course, Vale's trial didn't end at that. Once the Dragon's True Sight was activated, it would last for 3 minutes, so he had to make full use of it.
He then started inspecting his body or, specifically, the Spell Models he had recorded. This allowed him to fully understand the mysteries of the Spell Models recorded in his Spell Lights.
Then, as he inspected the Spell Model of the Dragon's True Sight, he realized that it could also find the weakness of his target!
However, he had to observe his target for about 30 seconds before he could see it!
It was actually a new power he acquired after upgrading it to the Advanced Realm.
'Awesome…' Vale couldn't help but feel glad about this as he immediately tried it on Pearl.
"Let's see…" He muttered as he confirmed that Pearl was no longer paying attention to him.
He observed her for 30 seconds, and soon, he found her three weaknesses…
Three red lights started emitting from Pearl's body, indicating her weakness.
It was the Divine Crystals that were in her pocket, her left eye, and her heart.
Vale could understand that heart was her weakness since anyone could die from it. However, he couldn't understand why her left eye was a weakness but not her right eye.
As for the Divine Crystal, it must be connected to her Divinity, so it could certainly become fatal to her as well.
'Interesting…' Vale mused as he shifted his attention to Faith…
Just like what he did a few moments ago, he also observed Faith for 30 seconds.
'There's no resistance, huh… Great.' Vale thought, satisfied that his True Sight wasn't deflected like his Divine Sense.
However, he only found one weakness in Faith. It was actually her belly… To be exact, it seemed as if there was a core in her belly.
Vale felt a bit confused by what he saw, but since she wasn't an enemy he had to fight, he decided that it was enough.
After removing any traces of the Evil Creatures, he returned to their resting spot.
***
 After a grueling day of journeying through treacherous terrain near the border of the Ruri Kingdom, Vale's party finally arrived at the place where Faith believed Chad and Lisa were being held.
"So it's this place… How did they build this deep into the forest?" Faith muttered.
She meticulously followed the ethereal traces of Chad's Ghost King Body and had no idea about the place they were heading to.
As the sun began its descent, casting long shadows across the dense forest, they stumbled upon a haunting sight.
Nestled amidst the heart of the woods stood a castle, its eerie silhouette shrouded in the fading light.
The imposing structure exuded an aura of ancient malevolence, and Faith suddenly felt worried that Lisa and Chad were being held by a Dark Magician or any Arcanists who didn't care about human lives.
These Arcanists are those Researchers who would do anything for the advancement of their research, whether it was experimenting on humans or something even more horrible.
"We must find them quickly…"
The very thought of what horrors might await them within those dark walls filled her with a deep sense of urgency.
Vale also observed the castle and couldn't shake the nagging suspicion that this castle, although lacking the awe-inspiring grandeur of the previous Vampire Castle they had infiltrated, might be another stronghold of the vampiric kind.
'It looks like an abandoned castle from the outside, but with the Dragon's True Sight, it's completely different. The one living is stronger than the Vampire before.' He mused.
As they stood before the foreboding structure, an intense tension enveloped the group…
"We've been found…" Vale muttered. He didn't know where it came from, but he was sure that a detection spell was just used on them.
Faith and Pearl didn't notice this so they looked at him for a moment.
"Are we being invited?" Pearl asked.
"If we're not harmed, perhaps we can just negotiate…" Faith added.
They didn't express their doubt but trusted Vale with his sense.



Chapter 579 Magnus
"We don't know what we'll be encountering inside, so complete your preparations before you enter…" Vale cautioned, his voice remained calm despite the underlying tension.
"I'm fine…" Pearl asserted. In any case, she felt that she didn't have much to prepare in the first place. She only had to cast a Spell to protect her body and make sure that her Psychic Art was ready to be cast.
"I'm also ready. I can feel their traces here. I'm sure Lisa and Chad were here at some point." Faith affirmed, her voice tinged with concern.
"Great... Let's go…" Vale declared, summoning his Shadow Soldiers to lead the way. The effortless summoning of two Shadow Soldiers by Vale elicited a smile from Faith, who marveled at his remarkable mastery over the Spell.
She knew this Spell very well, so seeing how Vale could casually cast the spell made her realize that this young man was indeed a reliable one.
After all, it was a feat that even seventh-year students would struggle to achieve, let alone summoning two, or recording the Spell itself. It was evident that Vale's command over this Spell had already reached the Intermediate or even the early stage of Advanced Realm, considering how he summoned the Shadow Soldiers from another object's shadow and not his own shadow.
'Such a young age with several high-level Spells… It's very impressive. I wonder why the Vessels decided to choose the extreme choice.' Faith pondered as she looked ahead.
As the heavy doors of the castle opened, a loud creaking noise echoed. Then, as they thought they'd smell the scent of death, blood, or vampires inside the place, they actually smelled the scent of medicine!
It feels as if this castle was an alchemy shop instead.
Nevertheless, they also noticed something unusual within the castle. Their Magic Zones were immediately suppressed upon entering, cloaking an area of only about 20 meters around them. It was such a huge suppression, but considering they were only inside the castle, they didn't mind it that much.
"There's no enemy?" Pearl muttered. She was expecting someone to welcome them since they had already been discovered when they were still outside.
It was quite disappointing.
On the other hand, Faith found this natural as the enemy had probably realized how strong they were.
"We're here to talk... If you're the owner of the Tower, please come out!" Faith called out, her grip tightening on her cane.
She doesn't want to start a fight if it could be avoided. After all, it might harm the students that were staying here. However, if it was not possible to resolve it peacefully, she would have no other choice but to destroy this castle.
***
Meanwhile, as Vale's party made their way into the castle, Magnus was in his study room, observing the projection of the three intruders with a mix of intrigue and fascination.
Unlike his usual attire, Magnus had foregone his Dark Cloak and Ebony Staff, instead opting for his Sacred Alchemy Robe, a garment renowned for enhancing dexterity.
Despite the change in attire, he was still displaying his imposing physique and long black hair, coupled with eyes glowing with a scarlet hue. If not for his Alchemist Robe, he would surely be recognized as an ancient warrior.
After surveying the formidable newcomers, Magnus pondered their origins with a hint of disbelief.
"These people possess an unprecedented level of power. Where have they been concealed? How is it that I do not recognize any of them, yet they have such formidable strength?" He muttered, astounded by the enigma of their existence.
He had lived for a long time and knew almost all the Grandmaster Arcanists from various organizations and factions. It was quite baffling how he could feel that these three felt equal to him.
Lastly, what bothered him was their youthfulness, especially of the two youngest behind the Half-Spirit.
It stirred a subtle unease within him, for despite his mastery of Alchemy Arts, he remained unable to reverse the effects of aging. With his years of research, he could only temporarily stall his aging.
'Perhaps they're aware of how to regain youthfulness?' He mused.
After a moment of contemplation, Magnus was set to confront the trio.
Simultaneously, he issued a command for all the creatures under his control in the surrounding forest to converge upon the castle, preparing for the imminent encounter.
Magnus then made a swift change in attire, discarding his Alchemist Robe in favor of his Dark Cloak and Ebony Staff.
The cloak, woven with ancient enchantments, could provide him with an active Defense Barrier, offering formidable protection against curses and insidious spells.
As for his Ebony Staff, it bore a mystical link empowering him to command the Formation Circle, enveloping the castle, a potent tool of defense and subjugation.
With his preparations complete, Magnus invoked his Ghost Walk, seamlessly materializing before the intruders, intercepting their ascent to the upper floors.
"What delusion led you to believe that trespassing in my castle was permissible?" Magnus interrogated, his form now fully corporeal.
None of the three seemed surprised at his arrival as they maintained their cautious stance.
The young man of the group, exuding an air of mysterious confidence, promptly retorted, "We are aware that you sensed our presence long before our arrival. Enlighten us as to why you permitted our entry."
Magnus, taken aback by the audacity of the inquiry, found himself compelled to chuckle at the impertinence.
 "Very well... I do indeed perceive your presence," Magnus conceded.
"Since your party didn't seem lost within the forest, I am intrigued by your purpose here. However, if you seek to become my disciples, you are sorely mistaken. I have no intention of taking on any apprentices in the foreseeable future." He declared as if this had already happened multiple times before.
Of course, Vale's group had no such intentions, so Faith interjected, "We have come in search of students of Dark Arts Academy. Those young kids have bright future... I trust you have not made a mistake messing with them."
Her words were delivered with serene composure. However, her gaze showed her readiness to fight.



Chapter 580 Trap Formation
Magnus's smile waned as Faith's words reached his ears, prompting a shift in his expression from surprise to indifference.
He had foreseen that individuals would eventually seek out the two practitioners of Dark Arts he had hidden, yet the swift arrival of these intruders caught him off guard.
'I did not expect their scouts, or perhaps Dark Seers, to have progressed to this extent…' Magnus ruminated, realizing the alarming speed at which they had located the Arcanists he had captured.
Despite his internal musings, he was firm in his resolve not to divulge any such information.
"I'm not sure what you're talking about... Should you wish to search this castle, you shall have to contend with me…" Magnus declared, driving his staff forcefully into the ground.
Boom!
This move didn't destroy the floor, but it actually activated the ancient Formation Circle embedded within the castle.
Vale and the others didn't have the time to stop the activation as they could only watch the light emerging from every crack in the walls and ceiling.
The Formation Circle stirred to life as arcane symbols started appearing in a mesmerizing display of luminescence.
The Trap Formation was set into motion!
Sinister energies coalesced, creating an intricate web of malevolence designed to ensnare and subdue anyone.
As the Formation was fully activated, the castle itself seemed to awaken, ready to either kill or repel intruders.
***
Vale looked at the Trap Formation, and he couldn't help but feel wary of it. For the first time, he felt that this Trap Formation could not be sabotaged just by cutting off the supply of Arcane Energy.
It was all because of the complex link of Formation Circles all around the castle.
If he wanted to stop the energy linked to the Trap Formation to deactivate it, he had to destroy everything instead.
'Is this a Formation Circle arranged by a Grandmaster?' Vale mused as he looked above them.
As the Trap Formation completed its activation, a number of otherworldly entities materialized, encircling Vale's group with an ominous presence.
"Blood Specters?" Faith murmured after identifying the entities.
"Holy Arts and Mystic Arts are effective against them... I'll deal with it." She declared, producing a talisman with practiced swiftness.
Without delay, she exhaled sharply. Her breath sets the arcane symbols adorning the Talisman ablaze with otherworldly energy.
Whom~
Faith's invocation of a high-level talisman resonated through the chamber. Soon, the mystical forces imbued within the T0alisman surged forth to repel the encroaching specters.
Screech!
With a harrowing noise, the specters unleashed a disturbing cacophony that sought to paralyze the trio.
Yet, the radiant mystic light emanating from Faith's Talisman mitigated its paralyzing effect, much to her satisfaction.
Apparently, this was no ordinary talisman—it was a formidable artifact worth 4,000 zen, and its potency far exceeded that of a common charm.
Whom~
The luminous radiance persisted, intensifying in brilliance as it continued to engulf the blood specters…
It didn't last long, but it gradually eroded their essence until they were naught but dissipating wisps of malevolent energy.
"Impressive," Vale remarked in awe while Pearl nodded in solemn acknowledgment.
However, their respite was short-lived. The trap formation was still active, and soon, a fresh contingent of blood specters materialized with an eerie wail.
The renewed onslaught of specters, now numbering more than twenty, assailed Vale's party with renewed ferocity.
"Screech!"
They attacked once again with the same sound spell… Furthermore, as soon as the Blood Specters felt that they had constrained them, they started moving closer as if they wanted to take a bite off of them!
 In the face of this overwhelming assault, Faith prepared to unleash her formidable Spirit Art, only to be halted by Vale's decisive intervention.
"Not yet... Slaying the blood specters will only increase their number... Pearl, shield us while I dismantle the formation circle." Vale commanded, his gaze fixed upon the arcane symbols etched into the ground.
It was as if he had seen through the Trap Formation already.
Though initially taken aback, Faith agreed to Vale's strategy, recognizing that his words sounded reliable.
However, amidst the chaos, she discerned a peculiar transformation in Vale.
"Those eyes... and the aura you exude... Are you a dragon?" she inquired in astonishment, her gaze lingering upon him with incredulity.
Vale didn't answer and simply smiled at this.
Anyway, it wasn't important right now.
As soon as he activated his Dragon's True Sight, he realized that the Trap Formation doesn't just weaken the Spells of all Arcane Paths, but it was slowly absorbing their Arcane Energy as well.
The longer they use their Spells, the faster they get exhausted…
'What a sinister Trap Formation… That Vampire is also good. He knows that he'll get killed if he fights us directly. He must've realized that we're not ordinary Arcanists.' Vale mused as he focused on the matter at hand.
***
"Not killing the Blood Specters is a lot more difficult than you think. Please do it quickly…" Pearl said.
As she maintained her Spiritual Domain to fend off the encroaching Blood Specters, Vale knelt upon the floor. He seemed so focused as if he was truly trying to understand the mysteries of this Formation Circle.
However, his thoughts say otherwise.
'Divine Extraction System, activate…' Vale silently prayed as he was trying to make the system recognize the Trap Formation as an 'extractable' target.
The system was designed to swiftly identify extractable entities such as corpses, living beings, and immortal items, promptly triggering a notification upon their detection.
However, Vale was keenly aware of the system's potential to extract other entities, provided they met the requisite criteria.
Having used the system in unconventional ways previously, he understood the inherent challenges that accompanied such endeavors.
It was difficult but not impossible.
In the meantime, Magnus was watching everything from a distance and was unsure what they were trying to do…
'They immediately realize that the Blood Specters will just multiply if killed… That was impressive, but are they thinking of destroying my Formation Circle?' Magnus smirked as he observed the young man in the group.
'Arrogant… Not even the finest Formation Experts of this era can destroy that. I guess I'll have a few more slaves.'



Chapter 581 Spirit
After three minutes of concentration, Vale finally got the result he wanted.
 Energy Source has been discovered. Would you like to start the Extraction? 
'Energy Source? Interesting… It didn't recognize the Formation Circle as an Arcane Art but as a source of energy?' Vale mused as he didn't expect this notification to appear.
Nevertheless, it made a lot of sense since his Divine Extraction Energy was not an Appraisal Tool. It only recognizes 'extractable' targets. From the system's perspective, perhaps this complex Trap Formation was nothing more than a huge gathering of Arcane Energy.
Without any more hesitation, Vale started with his Extraction.
 Extraction Successful. Energy +1120
Fiend Essence +1000
Vampire Essence +1000
Elf Essence +1000 
 Extraction Failed 
 Extraction Failed 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +1200
Fiend Essence +1100
Vampire Essence +1100
Elf Essence +1100 
 Extraction Failed 
"Incredible… Isn't this a bit too much?" Vale muttered as he saw the results of his Extraction. He was getting thousands of them at once!
This was such an incredible experience.
'I guess this Trap Formation had other creatures it could materialize aside from the Blood Specters.'
Vale concluded after seeing some essence of the Vampire and Elf. Perhaps, once they eliminated the Blood Specters, the Trap Formation would summon other creatures like Vampire and Elf to deal with them.
***
On the other hand, as Vale continued with the Extraction of the Trap Formation, Magnus focused on preparing his Slave Contract Talisman.
"Go on… Waste your energy." He muttered.
He was fully aware of the difficulty of escaping from the Trap Formation. If they couldn't find its weakness or they failed to understand the Formation's rule, it would be impossible to survive in it.
Furthermore, he understood the futility of attempting to overpower the Trap Formation, given the castle's abundance of Energy Cores and Spirit Stones that fueled its potency.
Even if it were him, he would fail to destroy this Formation Art with just brute force.
Any attempt by Vale and his companions to dismantle the Formation or eliminate the Blood Specters would only result in a wasteful expenditure of their energy. It would hasten their demise since the Formation Arts also had another effect, which could stop their Arcane Energy's regeneration.
Crack…
Amidst the preparation of the Slave Contract Talismans, an unforeseen development transpired—the Trap Formation began to dim, accompanied by the emergence of numerous cracks, leaving Magnus bewildered by the unexpected turn of events.
'An invisible spell? What's going on?' Magnus was alarmed as he didn't see where the attack came from.
Perplexed by the unanticipated damage to the Formation, his focus shifted to Vale, who remained at the heart of the Formation.
"It's you!"
Sensing a connection between Vale's actions and the Formation's deterioration, Magnus swiftly directed his Staff toward the young man, invoking a spell in a desperate attempt to thwart his efforts.
Petrification!
This Spell would normally require an incantation, but thanks to his Staff, such action was no longer needed.
 Faith, foreseeing the impending threat, swiftly countered Magnus's Spell with defensive magic.
Arcane Force Field!
It was a potent barrier that remained invisible to the naked eye but resonated profoundly within their Phantasm State.
Even Pearl felt impressed by this unusual Spell…
Within moments, a protective dome materialized, enveloping the group.
Boom!
As the Petrification Spell didn't reach its target, it suddenly created an explosive reaction, which reverberated through the air, unsettling even the Blood Specters that were suppressed by Pearl's domain.
"So you're hiding there..."
Seizing the opportune distraction, Pearl directed her Energy Spear towards Magnus!
Whoosh~
The Spear made of her Spiritual Energy rushed through air... However, it encountered an unexpected obstruction!
Boom!
It was impeded by the Trap Formation Art itself!
"What? Isn't that cheating? He can attack us from the outside, but we can't do the same?" Pearl muttered as she realized the other effect of the Formation Art.
This continued several times as Magnus started casting a few more Petrification Spells while Pearl and Faith would defend against it.
'Is he planning to waste our energy through this action?'
"Vale... Are you not finished yet?" Pearl suddenly asked as Magnus persistently launched successive attempts to trap them in petrification.
"I'm almost done... The Formation Art will collapse soon. Please deal with that old Arcanist once it's broken." Vale replied.
"Very well... I'll take care of that old man!" Pearl said as she was already annoyed by the fact that she couldn't kill the Blood Specters. Although she didn't mind holding them in her Spiritual Domain, she
She was itching for a real battle!
***
In the alchemy laboratory nestled within the labyrinthine corridors of the Magnus' Castle, an atmosphere of mystery and innovation permeated the air.
The room was adorned with an array of shelves, each meticulously laden with glass jars containing a menagerie of preserved specimens—ethereal creatures suspended in amber liquids, arcane botanical specimens, and anatomical curiosities, all bathed in a soft, eerie glow that lent an otherworldly aura to the laboratory.
Within this captivating environment, Lisa and Chad engaged in their alchemical pursuits, immersed in the art of potioncraft and the enigmatic machinations of their experiments.
Well, if they weren't afraid of dying, they wouldn't be this focused on their tasks.
Boom!
The ground suddenly started shaking, and the ceiling started making some noise. They couldn't help but feel worried that the walls would collapse on them.
"Lisa... Is the castle being attacked?" Chad asked as he stopped what he was doing. He was ready to escape from the laboratory.
"It could be... But I think Sir Magnus might be doing an experiment in the third laboratory… You know that he's handing explosive items there." Lisa said with a helpless smile.
She was making a potion using moonflower extract and starlight essence. It's known to enhance perception and mystical energy attunement. It's a delicate process, but the results can be quite extraordinary.
It had a very complicated brewing process, and now that she missed the timing, she had to restart once again.
However, as she was thinking of continuing with her experiment, a beautiful Dark Spirit appeared before them.
The female Dark Spirit had a mesmerizing presence, with flowing ebony hair that seemed to dance around her like wisps of smoke. Her eyes glowed with an otherworldly light, and her elegant, ethereal form exuded an aura of mystery and power.
Lisa's eyes lit up after seeing her…
"Are you Vale's Dark Spirit?!"



Chapter 582 Mirror
Yvaine didn't answer Lisa's question, but her calm demeanor was already an answer for her.
'How did Vale come here faster than the professors or the Faction's Vessels?' Lisa mused as she knew that her guess was most likely correct.
Anyway, she couldn't help but smile as she put down the laboratory tools she was holding.
"What? Vale's Dark Spirit? Then… Is he the one attacking the castle?" Chad said as he couldn't help but feel worried. If Vale was killed, they wouldn't be able to forgive themselves.
"It must be him… Dark Spirit, are you going to take us away with you?" Lisa asked. She wanted to know if the attack was a diversion and if the Dark Spirit was here to take them away.
They didn't want their friend to die fighting against the old monster who claimed to have practiced all Arcane Paths.
If they could lessen his burden, they would do so.
'Even if Vale is a genius Dark Magician, there's no way he can win against that old monster.' Lisa thought as she turned to Chad, who seemed to have something in mind.
"Ahh… That Dark Spirit left." Lisa muttered as the Spirit suddenly disappeared from her Magic Zone.
"She probably returned to inform Vale." Chad commented as he shifted his attention to the mirror beside him.
Soon, he uttered a silent prayer.
"Esteemed ArchFey of the Third Era, the 13th Warden of the Spirit World, the current Spirit of the Pristine Mirror, grant me your audience… In accordance with the vow, a practitioner of the Darkness Path will find the light within the darkness, and it'll outshine even the darkest of shades."
This prayer won't normally work since Chad doesn't possess the Pristine Mirror. He was simply using a normal mirror within the Alchemy Laboratory.
However, they learned in their third-year class that Mennena could still be called as long they sacrifice their blood and an object that has decent value. Well, Cursed Artifacts are preferred, but they could be changed depending on the quality of the item.
After Chad's prayer, he cut his finger with a sterilized knife and dropped a few of them on the mirror.
Then, he threw the knife as well. It was a mid-grade Mortal Rank item and was quite pathetic. However, Chad had another secret.
He now possesses the Ghost King's Body! The blood he just offered and the knife that his blood had stained had become precious at this point!
It didn't take long before a ripple appeared in the mirror, indicating that Menna had created a link on it.
Lisa was previously confused about Chad's ritual, but after confirming that Mennena was the being called, she realized Chad was planning immediately.
Chad immediately spoke as soon as he felt Mennena's presence.
"Mennena! Can you tell us if the Dark Spirit lurking around was connected to Vale?"
Mennena didn't seem to be surprised by the question and answered immediately without showing her appearance in the mirror.
"Vale Chambers? Your previous classmate?" Her voice still sounded ethereal, and Chad couldn't help but gulp.
After a moment of hesitation, he nodded. "Yes…"
"Mhmm… I can't feel his presence. Is he using an anti-detection artifact? Let me use the mirrors around here. I'll search for him real quick, Ghost King Chad…"
"Pfftt~"
Lisa failed to stop her chuckle as soon as she heard Mennena's way of addressing Chad.
"Ghost King Chad… I didn't expect that. Should I call you that as well?" Lisa teased.
"Ugh… Don't even think about it. I'm just letting her call me that since I can't do anything about it." Chad replied with a helpless smile.
Soon, Mennena grasped what was going on in the castle.
"I found him. A Spell or Artifact protects him, so you won't sense his presence. However, I saw his face in a broken mirror. That Dark Spirit had also found its way back to him."
"That's great! Is he alone? Are we being saved?" Chad immediately asked. He knew that Mennena wouldn't be able to stay here for long.
"He's with two other mysterious Arcanists. I can't see through them, but I know they're incredibly strong, so I'm sure you'll be able to escape this time... If I'm not mistaken, even 5 Magnus will fail to stop them. Summon me next time with more of your blood…"
As soon as Mennena said this, the power that was lent to her by Chad had reached its limit.
Mennena immediately disappeared, and the mirror returned to normal.
 "I knew it… We're saved! Thank you, Mennena!" Chad replied with eagerness as he looked at the excited Lisa.
"This is great! I wonder if Vale was together with the Headmaster or perhaps some members of the Vessels…" Lisa muttered.
The laboratory room's seal was still active, so they still had to wait until Magnus was defeated. At this time, they could only speculate about the identities of the people that was helping Vale.
"I think Mennena would recognize the Headmaster if he was with Vale. Since they're called Mysterious, they are probably from the Order of the Evanescent Vessels or Arcanists directly from the Vermont Clan." Chad replied after some time.
He believed that the Vessels protecting their Academy would be tasked to search for them. However, he also knew that the Vermont Clan behind the Vermont Academy would also make their move to save students like them.
***
In the meantime, while Lisa and Chad waited to be rescued, Vale had finally completed half of his extraction.
"Now!" Vale shouted the moment he felt the Formation was about to break.
At his signal, Pearl acted without hesitation, hurling an Energy Spear that tore through the Trap Formation.
The Trap Formation had always blocked her attacks, so she had been quite frustrated for a while now.
"Take this!" Pearl exclaimed as she unleashed the powerful energy, her eyes blazing with annoyance.
Boom!
Soon, the Energy Spear hurtled directly toward Magnus, catching him off guard.
The impact sent shockwaves through the place, causing the castle's main hall to tremble and the torches to flicker.



Chapter 583 Ember
"You dare?!" Magnus shouted in fury, caught off guard by the unexpected turn of events.
What infuriated him was the fact that he was slightly injured, something he had never experienced for many years.
He had been confident that his Trap Formation would be sufficient to deal with the three intruders. He had crafted it himself and knew its formidable power. Even if someone could dismantle his Formation Art, it would take several Formation Experts working together, and it would still require several days for them to destroy it.
Nevertheless, Vale and the others ignored him for a moment.
"Pearl and Miss Faith... I'll deal with this old Arcanist. Can you follow my Dark Spirit and save Chad and Lisa? They're in an underground facility…" Vale said, gesturing to Yvaine, who had suddenly appeared behind them.
They didn't even know that Vale already sent his Dark Spirit to look for the captives!
'So they're really here!'
Faith's eyes lit up as soon as she heard this. Those two students were the reason she had come here in the first place.
She immediately agreed, and Pearl hesitated only for a moment before agreeing as well.
"Fine... Make sure to torture that arrogant man…" Pearl said, sensing that Vale had something in mind. She wasn't sure what it was, but it felt as if Vale was truly looking forward to facing Magnus.
Although she also wanted to punch Magnus' face, she felt that Vale would do a better job.
Vale's torture of sucking all the enemy's energy and life was something that was instilled in her mind. She felt that she had no way of topping that terrifying ability.
"Alright… Do you think Lisa and Chad require quick medical assistance? I'll have to summon Healing Spirit if that's the case." Faith asked after she recalled that Chad and Lisa may not be in very good condition.
Summoning a Healing Spirit requires some time, so she was planning to do it ahead of time if it was needed.
"They're fine. But they're confined in a room according to my Dark Spirit…" Vale replied as he signaled Yvaine to lead the two.
Meanwhile, Magnus, who was about to release a Mystic Spell to trap the three once again, noticed the sudden appearance of the Dark Spirit. As he overheard their conversation, he realized that they had already found his two captives.
He didn't have the time to question how the Dark Spirit bypassed his traps and formation arts, so
"All of you will stay here!" he yelled in fury as he cast one of his finest Alchemy Arts.
"Cursed Flame!"
As soon as he triggered this Spell, black fire erupted and surrounded Vale and the others. The darkness of the flame seemed to swallow the very light in the room, casting eerie shadows on the walls and sending ominous tendrils of smoke curling through the air.
The heat it emitted was intense, and the crackling of the flames filled the hall with a menacing sound.
It was such a terrifying sight.
Nevertheless, Vale gazed at the ominous black flame calmy.
He could sense that this Spell had likely reached the Advanced Realm, or perhaps even the Perfect Realm, making it extremely dangerous.
After all, the very fabric of space seemed to contort in response to its lethal power.
'I like this Spell… Cursed Flame? I should target this one.'
Vale smirked as he planned to end this quickly.
He had no intention of prolonging this battle. He was acutely aware that Lisa and Chad's lives could be at stake if he didn't swiftly confront this formidable Arcanist.
They could be used as a hostage or even as a sacrifice if this Magnus decided to be shameless.
With this urgency in mind, he focused on casting one of his Elemental Spells, disregarding any potential surprise from Faith at his ability to do so.
'Well… I don't think she'll be spreading this around, but I'll tell her later.'
"Ember Spirit!" Vale invoked, channeling his force into his Spell Model…
As soon as he did this, the Spell Model dimmed completely.
It means he could no longer cast this Spell until the Model was again filled with energy.
 Whom~
Suddenly, a small, ethereal spirit surrounded by dancing flames materialized before him, its fiery aura casting a warm, orange glow in the midst of the darkness.
Pearl and Faith, who were thinking about how to pass through the flames, noticed its appearance and halted for a moment.
They didn't need to ask Vale, as they knew that he was about to do something with the Cursed Flame that was slowly closing on them.
'So Vale has this beautiful Spell… When did he even learn this?' Faith commented in her mind as she felt that Vale was indeed hiding too many things.
At this time, she had already recognized Vale as a Half-Human. She wasn't exactly sure if Vale was Half-Dragon, Half-Elf, or even Half-Evil Creature… After all, there was no wave Vale could practice multiple Arcane Arts unless he was half-blood.
As for being a Half-Spirit like her, she highly doubts it since she would immediately notice if he were.
In the meantime, Pearl could only sigh as she realized that Vale still had plenty of Spells in his body.
'Just how many Spells does this guy have? I've already seen him cast more than 12 Spells. Isn't this cheating?' She mused.
Whoosh~
The Ember Spirit that had appeared exuded an otherworldly presence. Its form evokes the mesmerizing dance of flickering flames, with hints of gold and crimson swirling within its core.
Furthermore, it seemed to be delighted as soon as it saw the Cursed Flame that Magnus created.
"Great! Create a path for them. I know you can do it." Vale didn't hesitate as he immediately commanded the Ember Spirit to confront the Cursed Flame and create a path for his companions to escape and rescue Lisa and Chad.
The Ember Spirit doesn't seem to be capable of speech, but it was able to create a sound as it followed Vale's command.
"Gruu~"



Chapter 584 Cursed Flame
Vale didn't bother leveling up the Ember Spirit as he was thinking that he'd just Fuse it to other Spells and waste its mastery.
Even if he had to increase its mastery for its Fusion, he wanted to ensure it wouldn't be too much. After all, not every Spell Fusion was like Moonlight Specter, which requires Advanced Realm Mastery.
Most of them don't even require any level of mastery at all!
Nevertheless, Vale didn't bother to increase the Ember Spirit's level since it only has to deal with Cursed Flame.
Whoosh~
The Ember Spirit observed the Cursed Flame for a fleeting moment before it sprang into action.
With a graceful wave of its hand, it began to dance in mid-air, its movements resembling an intricate ritual. As it swayed and twirled, radiant embers emerged from its form, weaving a mesmerizing pattern that seemed to draw the Cursed Flame into a meticulously crafted path.
Just like Vale's orders, it was trying to create a path!
Each fluid motion of the Ember Spirit brought forth a trail of shimmering embers, which wove and swirled in a hypnotic display. It then started guiding the malevolent black flames to part and create a passage for Pearl and Faith.
'As expected of the embodiment of Fire… Even the Cursed Flame can only obey its command… This is really intriguing.' Faith mused as she shifted her gaze to Vale.
'Even if Vale can practice several Arcane Arts, he still has to complete the Elemental Baptism to record the Elemental Spell Models. When did he have the time to conduct the Baptism?'
Faith couldn't help but wonder as she was also practicing different Arcane Arts.
She knew very well about the challenges of having multiple Spells from different paths since they would have plenty of requirements like the Baptism or the energy conversion to Elemental Energy to use Elemental Spells. After all, Dark Energy could not be used for Elemental Arts.
"Let's go!" Pearl suddenly spoke, interrupting her random thoughts.
"I'm coming!" Faith muttered as she also started moving. To be honest, she was thinking of just using a defensive spell to bypass the Cursed Flame a few moments ago.
However, as she passed through, she realized that the Cursed Flame could potentially heavily injure her if not for the Ember Spirit's assistance.
The black Cursed Flame had actually damaged her clothes and mystical artifacts even without making contact with it!
***
"An Ember Spirit?!" Magnus was shocked after seeing the small fire spirit that Vale had summoned.
Even if Magnus was extremely talented, as he could practice any Arcane Path, he was unable to complete the Spell Model of the Ember Spirit. It was because he didn't have the elemental affinity he needed to complete it.
'I have to kill it!'
Magnus knew the threat it could pose against his Cursed Flame. He had to kill it while it was still busy trying to control the Cursed Flame.
Magnus opened his Grimoire and was about to summon a creature that could help him fight against the Ember Spirit.
Yet Vale was swift to counter this interference.
Before Magnus could even summon a creature, Vale summoned two Shadow Soldiers from Magnus' own shadow, revealing a surprising mastery over both Elemental and Dark Arts.
"Dual Path Practitioner? You have an interesting ability, young man. So you can use both Elemental Arts and Dark Arts. Then, allow me to experience your Elemental and Dark Arts…" Magnus remarked as he kept his Grimoire and suppressed the Shadow Soldiers with his Dark Arts, the Spectral Hands.
Magnus's competitive spirit surged as he also decided to confront Vale using one of his Dark Spells…
The Spectral Hands then held the Shadow Soldiers tightly, and he looked at Vale with a satisfied smile.
"These Shadow Soldiers are a waste of Spell Light..." Magnus muttered before he triggered his Alchemy Spell.
Cursed Flame!
With a swift and purposeful display of power, he effortlessly destroyed the Shadow Soldiers that Vale had conjured, relying on the might of his Spectral Hands and the engulfing Cursed Flame.
"Those Shadow Soldiers are only a bit resilient... They must be at the Advanced Realm to endure 10 seconds in my flame…" Magnus commented, although he wasn't worried.
He was only a little surprised by their tenacity, having initially anticipated their swift demise within 3 or 4 seconds of exposure to the Cursed Flame.
Nevertheless, he knew that he still had better mastery and a set of Spells.
"You look like you're already celebrating…"
 Vale couldn't help but chuckle at Magnus's assessment as he directed the Ember Spirit to take command of the Cursed Flame, enveloping him and redirecting it towards Magnus. With Faith and Pearl already departed, Vale was prepared to unleash his full capabilities.
"Hmph! That's my Alchemy Spell! Do you think you can wield it against me?!" Magnus retorted, summoning another surge of Cursed Flame and absorbing the Flame under the Spirit's control.
Puff~
He had dealt with it quite effortlessly.
However, unbeknownst to Magnus, Vale's keen perception, thanks to his Dragon's True Sight, had already pinpointed the old Arcanist's vulnerabilities.
Vale found three luminous points akin to cores or energy points. They glowed upon Magnus's forehead, chest, and abdomen, revealing potential weaknesses awaiting exploitation.
'The only problem is that he's wearing an armor that's probably a Royal Rank.' Vale mused as he realized what to do.
"Well, since you're adorned with numerous protective items... I have no choice but to make it easy with this Spell."
Shadow Mutilation!
The Spell swiftly homed in on its target—Magnus.
"Mhmm? What have you done? Is this a curse?" Magnus inquired, sensing the impact of the Spell, which managed to bypass his passive defensive artifacts due to its non-threatening nature and unprecedented speed.
He couldn't identify what it was, but it didn't seem to hurt him at all. He also couldn't feel the curse if it was.
Vale, however, had no inclination to provide an explanation to Magnus.
Instead, he summoned additional Shadow Soldiers to divert Magnus's attention as he focused on targeting Magnus's shadow.
With a deft activation of his Meridian Access, he enveloped his form in an encompassing Aura, fortifying his body…
"You haven't learned! These Shadow Soldiers are nothing against my Cursed Flame!" Magnus shouted as he summoned black flames from both of his hands.



Chapter 585 Failures
As the dozen Shadow Soldiers engaged Magnus, Vale seized the opportunity to get closer to the old man's shadow, setting his plan into motion.
"Cursed Flame!" Magnus exclaimed.
He then pressed his hands together, and soon, the black flames coalesced and began swirling, eventually expanding to engulf all of the Shadow Soldiers at once.
Boom!
The sheer force behind the strike shattered the castle's windows, leaving a visible crack on the pillars and walls.
Magnus was going all out!
However, to Magnus's surprise, the Shadow Soldiers endured for more than 10 seconds, demonstrating remarkable resilience.
They seemed protected by an unknown force he couldn't identify.
Nevertheless, it only delayed the inevitable. The Shadow Soldiers perished after some time.
Then, at the same time, Magnus's Cursed Flame Spell duration had also ended, rendering him unable to utilize the Spell for a period of time.
Adapting swiftly, Magnus decided to employ a different Alchemy Art. His strongest Fire-Related Spell was actually the Cursed Flame Spell. Now that he couldn't use it, he had to use another Spell that would work well against Vale.
"Incinerator's Flame!" Magnus muttered as blue flame started accumulating in his right fist.
Although not as potent as the Cursed Flame, this fiery manifestation possessed the unique ability to dispel Dark Arts' hexes, curses, and even necromantic spells.
This should be a good counter against a Dark Practitioner like Vale.
However, as Magnus invoked the Incinerator's Flame, he was suddenly wracked by a sharp pain in his abdomen.
"Ugh…" Magnus grunted as he felt a person close to him.
To his astonishment, Vale was already standing right beside him.
"You!" Magnus exclaimed, perturbed by his failure to detect Vale's presence.
'He's too close to me, but my Magic Zone didn't notice him! What was that Spell?!'
Unaware of what had transpired, Magnus felt his Energy Flow disrupted, causing the premature cessation of the Incinerator's Flame.
Bam!
The Incinerator's Flame was forcefully canceled, so it created a backlash, and his hand was burned. Luckily, he had gloves on his hand, which lessened the injury he sustained.
Then, Magnus swiftly reacted. He distanced himself by leaping back, and as soon as he did this, he checked his abdomen only to find no discernible evidence of a weapon or dagger piercing his armor. His defensive artifacts remained intact and operational.
"How?!" Magnus exclaimed in disbelief, unsure how he got an internal injury when his opponent didn't even pierce through his defenses!
Vale grinned as he observed Magnus's perplexity in the strangeness of his attack.
As expected, the Shadow Mutilation would surprise anyone… This Celestial Art was simply too unusual and could not be defended easily.
'We're just starting.' Vale silently thought. Well, he still felt a bit unhappy even with such a good result.
After all, his intention was to incapacitate Magnus with that precise maneuver, but regrettably, the Shadow Mutilation Spell didn't last as long as he expected.
He had only managed to inflict a single strike upon Magnus's shadow before the Spell abruptly dissipated. Evidently, Magnus's formidable Artifacts significantly shortened the Spell's duration. It seemed that if his mastery of the Shadow Mutilation had been lower, it might not have connected with Magnus at all.
Determined not to allow Magnus the opportunity to recover, Vale pursued him immediately.
'This is an opportunity… I can't waste it.'
The repercussions of Magnus's forceful dispelling of the Incinerator's Flame were likely to linger. Utilizing his Lightspeed Spell and Nature's Guise, Vale swiftly caught up to Magnus once more, evading detection.
The Nature's Guise Spell that he got from the Druids or Artificial Humans was actually incredibly good. This Spell was like an invisibility cloak, but it wouldn't last long if he wasn't close to nature, specifically trees.
Nevertheless, Vale could still use it for five seconds if no trees were around.
As soon as Vale got closer, he immediately reached out his hand and grabbed Magnus' shoulder.
  Living Half-Spirit has been discovered. Would you like to start the extraction? 
'Yes!'
 Extraction Failed. 
 Extraction Failed. 
 Extraction Failed. 
"What?" Vale was shocked at the unexpected result.
He didn't have the time to be surprised by the fact that Magnus was actually a Half-Spirit.
He couldn't help but feel at a loss after seeing three failures consecutively.
This had never happened before. This message would only normally appear if the target had been extracted a lot already. However, that was obviously not the case with Magnus.
"Get off me!"
Magnus shouted as he burst out with a fiery aura…
It appears that his main Arcane Arts was still the Alchemy Art. This would certainly provide a higher control over flames, but in the end, it wasn't as terrifying as Vale thought.
He easily moved away, but he didn't plan to end his assault here.
Vale decided to surprise Magnus!
As he fully activated his Meridian Access, he burst with Aura, exceeding the pressure that Magnus was emitting.
This time, there was no way for Magnus to dismiss the Aura he had felt.
"You're a Combat Arts practitioner… So I didn't make a mistake when I felt it a while ago." Magnus muttered as he pulled out his Grimoire.
It wasn't to summon a familiar to block Vale's incoming fist!
Bam!
The Grimoire and Vale's Gorrila Punch collided and created a small shockwave in the area.
Magnus stepped back a couple of times because of the impact, but it wasn't enough to defeat him.
"Haha! Good punch! However, you still lack experience!" Magnus shouted as his eyes turned red.
He successfully activated a Spell during this time!
Vale didn't seem to notice this as he pounced on Magnus without any care…
"Die!" Magnus shouted, expecting his eyes to release a Deathly Light.
It was one of his strongest Dark Spells, and he felt it would be a good way to end his opponent's life.
However, to his surprise, nothing happened.
Vale continued on his pounce and held him by his throat!
"Uck! H-how?!" Magnus was shocked as he struggled to remove Vale's hand.
'It's Spell Dispersion…' Vale smirked and answered in his mind.
Then, he continued with his Extraction, but this time, he didn't use the Auto Extraction and aimed at Magnus's Spell, the Cursed Flame.



Chapter 586 Marked
 Living Half-Spirit has been discovered. Would you like to start the extraction? 
'Yes!'
 Extraction Successful. Complete Cursed Flame Spell Model
Complete Spell Light +1
Energy +10 
"As expected, I need a concentrated Extraction to make it work. But it's not enough… I need more." Vale muttered as he pulled away to dodge Magnus' attack.
It was Earth Spear that tried piercing him from his feet.
Although he was concentrating on his Extraction, his Dragon's True Sight was still active, and he was able to sense the flowing Arcane Energy throughout the surroundings.
Vale's response to his attack surprised Magnus himself. He looked at Vale with a hint of confusion while bolstering his defense with a couple of Defensive Spells. They were Iron Body Spell and Toxic Fume Spell…
They were a Knight Spell and an Alchemy Spell. This time, Magnus planned to use all the spells he knew to kill Vale.
"Hey, you could've ended my life just now…" Magnus said as he held his throat, which Vale had previously grabbed.
'Did he attack my Spell Lights? He only destroyed my Spell Model… Is he planning to destroy all my Spells?' He mused.
Vale smirked at this and taunted him even more.
"I'm not done with you yet. My friend asked me to torture you, so I won't be ending your life that easily.
"What did you say?!" Magnus roared as he felt insulted by that. Although he knew that he was being taunted, he couldn't help but feel angry since no one had dared to disrespect him like that for a very long time.
"That was your only chance to kill me!" Magnus said as he prepared to cast another spell.
However, the moment he tried to cast his Beast Arts to borrow the power of a Fierce Tiger, he felt his connection to his Spell vanished.
"Anti-Magic?!" Magnus' eyes widened as he finally realized what was going on.
Although it felt different from the Anti-Magic he had seen before, the principle seemed the same: it could destroy the gathered Arcane Energy forming the Spell.
This time, it was Vale who was surprised after seeing how Magnus recognized the Spell so quickly.
"You seemed knowledgeable… Who are you? Why did you capture our friend?" Vale asked as he looked at the old man curiously.
This man was living in a castle far away from the civilization. He seemed to be doing some important research here where he needed Chad and Lisa's help in the Alchemy Laboratory.
Furthermore, this person knew several Arcane Spells, which was still quite impressive even though he was Half-Spirit.
"I don't think I need to explain that to you. You will be dying here alongside your friends!" Magnus said as he pulled out his Grimoire.
In the meantime, Vale decided to check his Attribute Panel… He suddenly had an idea of what to do with this person.
With a sigh, he leveled up his Slave Mark Spell. It was one of the Spells he got from the Vampire in the previous castle he had visited.
It was currently Level 0 since he wasn't planning to use it in the first place. At most, he was thinking of fusing it with other Spells.
However, this stubborn old man was getting on his nerves. He was also quite talented and seemed to know a lot about the Arcane Arts.
 Consume 8 energy points to improve Slave Mark? 
'Yes..'
 Consume 16 energy points to improve Slave Mark? 
 Consume 32 energy points to improve Slave Mark? 
…
 Consume 512 energy points to improve Slave Mark? 
'Yes…'
 Vale made a quick upgrade on his Slave Mark Spell and spent a total of 1,016 Energy Points to reach Level 7 or its Advanced Realm.
He felt that he had to do this much if he wanted to control this Half-Spirit. Of course, he still had to weaken the man's mental defense to ensure that his Slave Mark Spell would work seamlessly.
Then, without any more hesitation, he confronted Magnus…
He didn't want to use any Spells that could result in too much destruction since he felt this castle had many secrets.
With this in mind, he found himself in a limited option.
'Let's try it one more time…' Vale thought as he activated three Spells.
Nature's Guise…
It allowed him to become invisible for only 5 seconds since no trees were around. Then he followed up with Lightspeed Spell to boost his speed, and lastly, it was his Fusion Spell, Chain of Souls!
Clank… Clank. Clank…
Several chains suddenly appeared beside the Magnus. It seemed threatening, but it wasn't enough to stop him.
"A Fusion Spell! Not bad!" Magnus remarked as he triggered his Beast Art!
"Blazing Falcon…"
The moment he said this, his whole body started burning and kept the chains at bay! Furthermore, his eyes turned red, and he seemed to see through everything in his surroundings!
"So you're aiming at my back! What a coward!"
This time, he was able to see Vale's movement even though he should still be invisible!
"Not that it matters!" Vale replied as he canceled his Nature's Guise and Chain of Souls…
He didn't suffer any backlash on this move since he already had an Incorruptible Body. His Physique could nullify any weak backlash on his Spell Casting.
As soon as he did this, he cast his Spell Dispersion once again!
"That won't work on me anymore!" Magnus shouted as a potion appeared in his hand.
Crash!
He crashed it in his hand, and a fog appeared around him. It seemed to nullify the effect of his Spell Dispersion!
'So you're relying on that potion…' Vale smirked as he decided to fight in close combat!
Magnus didn't expect this as Vale used his Shadowblade Footwork and aimed at Magnus' abdomen!
Boom!
Vale made sure not to suppress his Half-Celestial Physique and his Power Strands on that punch!
The punch's brute force destroys the Blazing Falcon and Magnus' defensive magic!
Darkness Manipulation!
With this Spell clutching on Magnus, Vale continued his Extraction. This time, he made sure to target Magnus' Energy to weaken him quickly!
 Extraction Successful. Energy +800 
 Extraction Successful. Energy +500 
After this, Vale used the Spell he had just upgraded…
Slave Mark!



Chapter 587 New Magnus
Instead of killing this Half-Spirit, Vale wanted to use his knowledge to help him in his journey. After all, this person might know how to deal with the Time Manipulators or Demonic Saints of the Abyss Realm.
"You!" Magnus' eyes widened as he realized what kind of Spell was being used on him.
He had also learned a few Psychic Arts and could say that this Arcane Art was the most evil among the 12 Arcane Paths.
This was an Arcane Path that flagrantly disregarded moral virtue, capable of subjugating the will of its targets! It exuded an unmistakable malevolence.
Of course, Magnus also had a way to protect his mind on this occasion. However, his opponent seemed to have sucked his energy making him unable to cast the Mind Protection spell that he needed!
He wasn't sure how his opponent did it, but the energy he had from all of the cores was drained in an instant!
'If I know he can drain someone's energy without an Artifact, I can--'
Magnus' ruminations were abruptly cut short as Vale's Slave Mark Spell took hold of his consciousness.
"Is it done?"
As soon as Magnus calmed down and his eyes seemed to turn blank, Vale felt that the Slave Mark Spell had done its job.
However, he also realized that the Slave Mark didn't actually last for long. It could only last a month, even with his Advanced Realm Mastery. He could only learn this after the Spell sent feedback to him through the Spell Model.
'I guess that's already enough…' Vale mused, feeling that 30 days was more than enough to get everything he needed from this person.
The duration didn't seem that bad since, if he needed more Time; he only had to cast this Spell once a month to make up for it.
Furthermore, he could do this repeatedly to up to 30 targets!
In short, he doesn't have to spend 7,168 Energy Points to advance his Slave Mark Spell into the Perfect Realm to make this old Half-Spirit loyal to him Forever.
"Tell me your name… I mean, tell me something about you." Vale said as he faced the old Half-Spirit.
"I've used many names for hundreds of years, Master. I've been using the name Magnus for the past 30 years. You might have noticed already, but I'm a Half-Human and Half-Spirit. I have no recollection of my origin, so I can't tell you how I came here. I can practice all Arcane Arts, but I focus mainly on Alchemy Arts and Beast Arts…"
Magnus answered, which made Vale happy. Magnus' answer was quite informative and made it a lot faster for him since he no longer had to ask continuously.
"Alchemy and Beast Arts, huh… This is getting interesting." Vale muttered as an idea came to his mind.
"Tell me all the Spells you have!"
"Yes, Master. I will start with Dark Arts… I have recorded Spectral Hands, Blind Eye's Curse…"
Magnus continued listing all the Spells he had recorded, and Vale found 8 of them very enticing.
Two of them were Holy Arts Spells. They were Holy Smite and the Sacred Blessing Spells.
These two Spells would perfect his disguise as Clovis if he had decided to do so. It was a pity that Magnus hadn't learned any Healing Spell since the Churches were extremely strict about it, and he couldn't even glance at its Spell Model.
Nevertheless, these two Spells were extremely useful to him.
Then, the other six spells that caught Vale's interest were Alchemy Art's Cursed Flame, Rune Art's Rune Creation, and Protection Rune.
The other three were Mystic Art's Reaper Scythe, and Beast Arts' Feral Fury and Bear's Strength.
The Cursed Flame's power was unquestionable. Magnus was simply too unlucky that he had to face Vale in a battle where he also couldn't use his beloved Beasts outside the castle.
As for the Rune Arts, Vale wanted to learn how to create runes since creating Runic Weapons seemed more reliable than making Talisman.
"This Reaper Scythe is also amazing… Its only downside is that it can't be used unless the target has a very low vitality than the caster." Vale smiled after learning this from Magnus.
After all, if there was one thing he was confident in, it was certainly his attributes that were higher than even the First-Class and Master-Class Arcanists!
As for the reason he was interested in the two Beast Arts, it was obviously because he was planning to fuse them with his Gorrila Punch or other Spells that require some physical prowess.
He believed that these two Spells would bring him a decent Fusion Spell that would showcase his incredibly high Power Strands at the moment.
Soon, Vale took action and Extracted all these spells from Magnus.
Vale also ensured that Magnus still possessed the Spells he needed to work as an Alchemist or a Magic Craftsman.
 He made sure not to take too much of his attributes and energy.
After all, he was planning to make this person work for him.
No matter what, Magnus had lived for centuries, and his creations should be incredible.
"Right… Do you know anything about the Time Manipulators and Demonic Saints?" Vale asked while waiting for Pearl and the others.
Since Magnus was no longer controlling the Formation Circles, Vale could now use his Magic Zone to its limit and tell that Lisa and Chad were already being rescued.
"Time Manipulators are from a different realm. However, they have passed down their techniques to Mystic Arts Practitioners who had obtained a certain Arcana's blessing. I'm unaware of which Arcana it is, but I heard that they needed the Divinity of Immortals to use it... Alas, I have never crossed paths with them and have only gleaned these rumors from an entity in another realm..."
Vale's eyes lit up as his words aligned with the information he heard from Constance.
However, the revelation that Mystic Arts Practitioners could potentially transition into Time Manipulators through the influence of a specific Arcana caught him off guard.



Chapter 588 Return or Not
'An Arcana that converts Mystic Arts Practitioners into Time Manipulators through its blessing… That sounds like a powerful Arcana.' Vale mused as he turned his attention back to Magnus, anticipating that there was more to be divulged.
"I'm aware of the existence of Demon Saints from the Abyss Realm… I've never seen them alive, but through my research, I have some grasp of their capabilities." Magnus calmly spoke.
"What do you mean? Were you able to research them? How?" Vale asked in astonishment.
"I have their remains concealed within the castle... The remote location of my castle was chosen purposefully, as I stumbled upon a burial ground housing these entities alongside the bodies of Immortals." Magnus answered, which surprised Vale even more.
To be precise, Vale was not merely surprised; he was exhilarated. The unanticipated revelation that the castle harbored the remains of both Immortals and Demon Saints stirred a profound sense of excitement within him.
"That's amazing… I'll be visiting that burial ground later. I assumed you chose this place because of the creatures you control outside. So it's all because of the corpses." Vale muttered in realization.
Magnus then looked at Vale and gently nodded.
"That's also one of the reasons, Master. The creatures that I'm controlling outside were trained to deal with Demons. Once the Abyss Realm fully opens up, demon creatures will start invading this Realm, and I'm planning to use this castle to avoid their detection…"
"What?"
Vale's eyes widened after hearing this.
It was the same for the others who had just arrived.
"What? The Abyss Realm will invade us?" Chad asked as he approached Vale. He was initially planning to run and hug his friend, but Magnus' words stunned him. He didn't even bother to question why Vale was comfortably chatting with the enemy.
Behind him were Lisa, Pearl, and Faith, who also seemed interested in the topic they were discussing.
Of course, Vale knew that Pearl was also somewhat aware of this matter, but because she had been trapped in the Mystic Soul Tower for a very long time, her information wasn't as informative as Magnus.
"It seems that's the case, Chad. It's great to see you again." Vale said as he also looked at Lisa and gave a gentle nod.
"We were already lucky that we didn't die from that teleportation circle's malfunction. I heard from this Sir that we could've died instead during that time." Chad replied, referring to Magnus' words before.
"Ahem… Can we listen to that matter about the Abyss Realm's invasion, Vale? Right, thank you for coming to rescue us…" Lisa said that she really thought that she'd have to serve Magnus for years before being able to leave this place.
"Of course. I also want to hear more about it." Vale said as he allowed Magnus to discuss what he knew about the incoming invasion.
After almost an hour of discussion, Vale's group realized that they were approaching a bigger war. A war that will involve all nations and not just Arcane Arts Factions.
Apparently, two or three years from now, the Abyss Realm was prophesied to clash with their Human Realm.
This was unavoidable and had been predicted to happen hundreds of years ago already. However, recent divinations by Seers led them to believe that this catastrophe was about to happen in a few years' time.
With this in mind, Magnus decided to build his own fortress to avoid trouble. This may sound cowardly, but even with his strength and knowledge, he had no way of fighting against the Forces of the Abyss. He believed that even if the 12 Factions and all nations would work together, there would still be plenty of casualties.
In the end, he decided not to side with any organizations and kept himself hidden in this place.
Furthermore, he believed that the demons would target crowded areas or places to hunt humans. Living in isolation would guarantee him that he wouldn't be attacked unless they somehow found this hidden place.
"I don't think that it's cowardly… I'd probably do the same if I were you." Vale muttered softly, but everyone heard him.
Of course, they have varying opinions on this matter since Chad had a Bulmung Family waiting for him.
As for Lisa, she somehow wanted to be with the Dark Arts Faction if the invasion happened since she believed that Lesley would be there as well.
As for Faith and Pearl, they don't really have a place to return to, so they can agree to Vale a little.
'If there's really a war… I can probably stay with Vale or return to the safety of my Mystic Soul Tower…' Pearl thought as she imagined what she'd do once the demons started crawling out of the cracks that lead to the Abyss.
After a brief pause, Vale fell silent. Eventually, he composed himself and divulged his next plans to the group.
"Ahem… I hypnotized Magnus, so he's currently following my orders. For now, I'm planning to bolster the defenses of this castle and use it for myself. I'm thinking of using the arrangements that Magnus had prepared for many years." Vale said as he looked at their reaction for a moment.
Then, he continued. "Furthermore, there are plenty of treasures in this place, and I'm planning to use them to my advantage. Magnus is an Alchemist and a Magic Craftsman, so you can look forward to his collection. Chad, Lisa, and Miss Faith, are you planning to return to the Dark Arts Faction?"
Vale asked, stunning the three for a moment. They didn't expect such a question the moment they thought that they were about to return.
Indeed, ever since they arrived here, Chad and Lisa just wanted to return to the Dark Arts Faction. This was what they wanted the whole time during their captivity.
As for Faith, she just wanted to fulfill her mission, and that was to bring the lost students back to the Faction.
 After a few moments, Faith looked at Chad and Lisa.
"If you wish to rejoin the Faction and resume your studies or adhere to any other arrangements in that place, I will facilitate your return," she assured them.



Chapter 589 Vent
Chad and Lisa exchanged glances, unable to provide an immediate response. The looming threat of invasion weighed heavily on their minds, causing them to consider a potential return to the Faction in order to bolster their strength.
They were still in their fourth year and had to study a lot before they could become useful in war. They haven't even learned the Spell Fusion or even the Dark Arcane Talisman Crafting.
'Should I just return and hope that I get to continue my studies?' Lisa pondered as she considered her options.
'If Vale had really hypnotized Magnus, then perhaps we can learn from him instead?' Chad mused as he shifted his gaze to Magnus.
In the end, their apprehension stemmed from the ongoing conflict between the Dark Arts Faction and the Allied forces of the Holy Arts Faction, Mystic Arts Faction, Transformation Arts Faction, and others.
They questioned whether a return to the Faction would truly entail a focus on their studies or if they would be conscripted as mere pawns in the war—a concern that plagued their thoughts.
'I don't want to be cannon fodder.'
This was what was in Lisa's and Chad's minds.
Ultimately, the two of them resolved to seek further clarity by posing a series of questions.
"Could you enlighten us on the current state of the war involving our Faction?" inquired Chad.
In response, Faith nodded and provided an update.
"The Holy Arts Faction and its allies have been targeting the smaller bases of the Dark Arts Faction, as well as rogue Dark Mages. Their aim is to showcase the consequences of practicing Dark Arts to the public. However, I anticipate that within the next few months, they will launch a large-scale offensive against the Dark Arts Faction. If my guess is right, their initial target is likely to be the Necromancer Branch, specifically the Undead Tower, given its proximity to the Mystic Arts Faction."
"The Undead Tower? I heard there are three Gold-Rank Necromancers there. The three of them can work together and summon Doom Knights if I'm not mistaken. Are they that confident?" Chad asked as he felt that the Undead Tower was the most protected territory of the Dark Arts Faction.
"They must be confident. After all, they have a decade to prepare." Faith answered.
Upon hearing this, Chad and Lisa were immediately filled with concern, realizing that they were ill-prepared to partake in such a significant conflict.
"Manager Faith, do you believe it would be advisable for us to remain here?" inquired Lisa.
Faith paused for a moment, carefully considering Lisa's inquiry.
Following a brief period of contemplation, she responded. "I will seek the Vice Headmaster's guidance on this matter. Given that Headmaster Jean has passed away... If the Vice Headmaster assures you that your focus will be solely on your studies without involvement in the war, then I can recommend that you continue your education there and deepen your understanding of your chosen path. However, if you are expected to engage in combat, I advise that you remain here if you value your lives. We should receive a response within a day, so the wait won't be lengthy."
Lisa's eyes brightened upon hearing this, but she immediately paused as she processed what Faith just said.
"Headmaster Jean died?!" Lisa and Chad exclaimed in unison.
Vale, on the other hand, remained calm as he already heard this from Faith while they were on the way to this castle.
"Yes… The biggest indication was the fact that your shadow has returned. You must've felt it before." Faith explained.
Chad took a deep breath as he knew what Faith was talking about. A few weeks ago, while he was working in the Alchemy Laboratory on a potion he didn't even know about, he suddenly felt a refreshing sensation like he was finally complete. Furthermore, he started to feel that some of his confidence in the Dark Arts had somehow changed.
He didn't mind it then, as he believed that he had felt different since Magnus captured him.
"So it was like that. May I ask if his body was already cremated?" Chad asked.
Faith shook her head and answered.
"We don't know… The last news I heard was that they were still looking for the Headmaster's body. Well, there's probably no point in searching for him since the Holy Arts Faction probably destroyed his body or, if not, it was already possessed by an Evil Spirit."
"What? Is it possible that Headmaster Jean was still alive and just released the shadow to fake his death?" Lisa asked.
"You're thinking too much, Lisa… In any case, I'm going to send a message to the Vice Headmaster now. Is that alright?"
"Ah! Yes, we'll proceed with that plan!" Lisa and Chad declared in unison.
This time, Vale joined in the conversation.
"Excellent. While you await the response, I intend to explore this castle further, but my stomach is signaling its hunger. Magnus, do we have provisions for a meal here?" Vale inquired.
"Yes... My controlled beasts can always procure fresh meat, vegetables, and fruits from the forest. Some of them are cultivated by my summons, but I still primarily rely on foraging in the forest," Magnus replied.
With the matter settled, the group made their way to the kitchen, where Magnus "volunteered" to prepare a meal for them.
Chad couldn't help but grin from ear to ear during this meal as he was able to order Magnus around. It felt quite refreshing for him and lessened the grudge he was keeping in his heart.
 It was the same for Lisa, who repeatedly ordered Magnus to bring her food.
Vale smiled as he observed the situation, recognizing that they were simply venting their frustration. Well, Magnus was already fortunate to only be following their commands.
"Ahh… Vale, you're not going to free him later, right? If you have such plans, can you erase his memories?" Chad suddenly asked as he recalled that most hypnotism doesn't last long.
There are also cases where they could remember what they've done during the hypnotism.
Lisa also ceased giving orders to Magnus, awaiting Vale's response.
"Don't worry... The hypnosis I've employed on him is quite potent," reassured Vale with a smile, putting the two at ease.



Chapter 590 Mausoleum
After their satisfying meal, they unanimously agreed to explore the enigmatic depths of the castle.
Magnus had graciously lifted all the restrictions he had previously made, allowing everyone to roam freely within the confines of the ancient castle.
Pearl, drawn by the allure of knowledge, set her sights on the library. According to Magnus, it houses a wealth of tomes on alchemy and artifact crafting.
Even Faith, captivated by the prospect, expressed her keen interest in delving into the secrets concealed within the pages.
However, in the end, she decided to visit it at a later time.
"I'm curious about the beasts trained to sense and hunt the Demons. I feel compelled to meet them… Can you help me with that, Magnus?" Faith declared, her eyes alight with a hint of expectation.
Needless to say, Magnus could only agree to their request as he commanded his Beasts to treat Faith well.
Meanwhile, Lisa was eager to continue her pursuit of alchemical mastery.
She made her way back to the Alchemy Room.
Although Magnus had been ordering them around and limiting their freedom, it didn't change the fact that they'd learned a lot in the Alchemy Field. Thanks to the hands-on experience he provided, their understanding of alchemy was enriched.
Lisa was particularly intrigued by potions such as Focused Vision, Paralyzing, Arcane Lock, Ironskin, and Nightmare… If possible, she wanted to master these potions up until she could make a Tier 2 or even Tier 3 of them.
"The Arcane Lock potion that blocks the Arcanist's Arcane Energy seemed very malevolent, yet undeniably practical… I want to at least master this potion." Lisa mused, her thoughts drifting to the intricate art of potion-making.
Chad, with a single-minded purpose, ventured to the Training Ground of the castle, where the spiritual energy was said to be conducive to further strengthening his Ghost King Body.
The prospect of honing his abilities within the castle's nurturing aura spurred him forward.
'This castle is leaking some incredible ghostly energy… It's even better than the ones in the Academy. I need to cherish this moment.' Chad mused as he knew that he couldn't waste this opportunity.
He will nurture his Dark Spells here!
Lastly, Vale was led by Magnus to visit the burial grounds of the Demon Saints and Immortals concealed beneath the castle.
As Vale crossed the threshold into the concealed mausoleum, a profound sense of reverence washed over him.
'What's this feeling? Overflowing Divinity and Malevolence? What kind of combination is this?!' Vale thought in a bated breath. He didn't expect to be welcomed by such a profound sensation.
Thud…
As he entered the mausoleum, he also felt the air grow heavy. A hushed stillness enveloped the chamber as if time itself had halted within the confines of the sacred space.
'It looks like Magnus is taking care of this place seriously.' Vale commented in his mind.
The mausoleum stretched out before him, bathed in a soft, ethereal glow that emanated from the ancient stone walls.
The dozen flickering torchlights cast dancing shadows across the chamber and illuminated the intricate carvings adorning the pillars that stood throughout the hall.
The hallowed ground was adorned with rows of imposing tombs.
The stone coffins, weathered by the passage of time, bore cryptic runes and intricate sigils, hinting at the otherworldly power that lay dormant within.
'Twelve opened coffins… Eight unopened… Did Magnus fail to open those eight?' Vale mused as he felt confused as to why Magnus would leave these coffins unopened for so many years.
Anyway, he decided not to ask for now and continued with his investigation.
At this time, his Magic Zone was working to its limits, and his Dragon's True Sight was activated as well.
Step. Step…
Vale's footsteps echoed softly against the cool, polished marble floor as he ventured deeper into the heart of the mausoleum.
As Vale continued his reverent exploration, he felt an overwhelming sense of connection to the Divinity that was leaking throughout the chamber.
He couldn't help but think that if he decided to conduct a summoning ritual for his Grimoire here, he would probably summon an angel with this level of energy!
'Should I try?' Vale mused for a moment, but he immediately shook his head. If he really tried doing that, there might be an imbalance in the energy since the ritual would be taking the surrounding aura.
Nevertheless, the atmosphere stirred within him a profound respect for the Demonic Saints and Immortals.
 No matter what, he would benefit from them later on, so he had to take care of the surroundings.
"Magnus, tell me about this place... Tell me what you've done and planned to do with the corpses of these beings." Vale asked as he finished looking around.
Magnus respectfully responded, "Master, I have assumed responsibility for this place to pursue a pursuit that befits any Arcanist of my stature— the pursuit of immortality. The Immortals are impervious to the ravages of time, and the Demon Saints share a similar nature. With their impeccably preserved bodies within this sanctuary, shielded from evil spirits, I am able to conduct unconstrained studies of their essence."
'Immortality?'
Acknowledging Magnus's explanation, Vale prompted further, "Fine... Tell me about your progress."
Perhaps he was still too young, so he hadn't considered aiming for "immortality" yet.
It wasn't in his mind at all. As a matter of fact, just a few months ago, he was simply thinking of his future job as a Dark Arcanist.
Anyway, Magnus didn't hesitate to answer as soon as he was asked.
"Through my research, I have discerned glimpses of the intricate rituals and esoteric arts that sustained their immortal essence…" Magnus then started explaining about the 'essence' that he had discovered.
"In my research, I have delved into the anatomical and metaphysical characteristics of the Immortals and Demon Saints. I have sought to comprehend the intricate mechanisms that sustain their longevity and resilience. Additionally, I have explored the potential utilization of their essence in the pursuit of immortality, examining the interplay between their spiritual energy and physical form."
It was different from Divinity, but it seemed more like the true core that both the Immortals and Demon Saints had.
It was quite an interesting topic, but it was also too complicated for Vale. In the end, he decided to live it at that.
This time, he wanted to know if it was fine to extract them…



Chapter 591 Corpses
"Magnus, tell me which Immortal can be discarded. I want to test something." Vale said as he looked at the tombs.
Magnus hesitated momentarily, recognizing the significance of each Immortal corpse.
He considered all of them as equally important. None of them could be discarded.
However, he acknowledged his Master's need for a specific corpse, so he had no other choice but to follow.
Eventually, Magnus gestured towards the first coffin he opened.
Currently, there are 12 open coffins containing six Demon Saints and six Immortals, leading Magnus to believe that his research could still progress even if the initial Immortal Corpse was lost.
"I have already extracted a substantial amount of essence from this corpse. You may utilize this one, Master." Magnus stated.
"Very well... And what about the Demon Saint?" Vale inquired.
"You may select the one adjacent to it, Master…" Magnus replied, evidently anticipating the request. Vale smiled at this as he proceeded to approach the corpse.
The Immortal Corpse, lying in the coffin, appeared remarkably human, yet its features exuded an almost ethereal perfection. The skin had an otherworldly luminescence, and the body seemed to emanate an aura of timelessness and serenity.
This corpse seemed a lot better than the ones he extracted from Headmaster Jean's collection. Well, the difference was probably related to the way they are being kept.
Although the modern underground basement seemed incredibly safe to keep the corpses, they didn't have this mausoleum's special coffins. The ones in Headmaster Jean's basement were simply special stones engraved with Formation Circles and Runic Symbols.
As for the coffins, he couldn't even properly investigate them with the help of his Dragon's True Sight.
He could only imagine that this was an otherworldly item.
Vale then took a deep breath as he extended his hands to touch the forehead of the Immortal.
"Master, be careful. They're protected by an unknown force. Anyone will be repelled once you—" Magnus acted like a real and loyal slave as he tried to warn Vale about the dangers of casually handling. It was actually Headmaster Jean's concern as well during that time in the basement.
However, Magnus didn't finish his sentence when he saw Vale casually touching the corpse's forehead without any form of resistance!
Magnus could only shut his mouth and allow his master to take care of his matter.
In the meantime, Vale was already grinning after seeing the result of his Extraction.
 Celestial corpse has been discovered. Do you wish to extract it? 
"Yes…"
 Extraction Successful. Divinity +7, Vitality +0.8 
The amount of Divinity was definitely extraordinary. After all, he only obtained 1.5 Divinity Points before.
Since there are six more Celestial Corpse, then it means that he'll get about 42 Divinity Points! That was already quite a lot!
Furthermore, these corpses replenish their Divinity, unlike him, who could only rely on Extraction!
'Ahh…'
As Vale reached this thought, he suddenly paused as he recalled Magnus' words about the Immortal's Essence, which differed from the Divinity.
He couldn't help but think that it was the one he was missing to be able to produce his own Divinity!
'I should let him continue with his research about this immortality.' Vale mused as he shifted his attention to the Demon Saint.
He was quite curious about what kind of energy or attribute he'd get from them.
The Demon Saint's Corpse, lying in the adjacent coffin, presented a haunting sight. Its face was contorted into a perpetual snarl, with twisted horns protruding from its forehead, reminiscent of a malevolent crown. The skin appeared ashen and coarse, exuding an eerie, dark luminescence.
The body emanated an aura of otherworldly power and sinister charisma, a testament to the formidable being it once embodied.
"This the real form of the Demon Saints, Master Vale. However, do not be surprised if you encounter one someday in a human skin." Magnus reminded.
"So you've seen them in another form?"
"No, Master. However, my informant, who had come from another realm, would always warn me about them."
 "I'll keep it in mind..." Vale said as he proceeded to touch the Demon Saint.
This time, Magnus was no longer surprised when Vale wasn't rejected by the corpse's malevolent energy.
 Demon corpse has been discovered. Do you wish to extract it? 
"Yes…"
 Extraction Successful. Corrupted Divinity +7, Vitality +0.8, Complete Evolved Spell Light 
"Whoa…"
Vale was stunned as soon as he saw the result of the Extraction.
He wasn't too bothered that he got a Corrupted Divinity.
After all, he was already happy to see that he got an Evolved Spell Light!
Currently, he has four extra Spell Lights with him. If he got four more extract Spell Lights, he planned to fuse them again to get another golden or Evolved Spell Light, even if he had to spend Divinity Points to complete that fusion.
However, this Extraction was a blessing to him!
He wanted to just extract all of them right now! But before that, he had to ask Magnus.
"Hey, what do you think about these two corpses? I did something on them, and I want to make sure that they're still usable for your research." Vale asked.
Magnus immediately understood his Master's concern, so he quickly went to check the corpses.
"I can't feel their Divinity, Master… However, the mystical essence they have still remains. It means that I can still continue with my research. As for the Demon Saint, I believe that there won't be any problems. As long as they remain in their coffin, they will slowly recover their evil power." Magnus replied.
Vale grinned after hearing this answer.
Although he already knew that his Extraction wouldn't 'damage' the corpse and they would still produce Divinity, it was still better to hear it from the expert.
"Then, I'll be repeating the process to all the remaining corpses here…" Vale said.
"I understand, Master."
With that said, Vale decided to start with the Demon Saints.
He wanted to see whether he could extract more Evolved Spell Lights!
 Demon corpse has been discovered. Do you wish to extract it? 
"Yes…"
 Extraction Successful. Corrupted Divinity +7, Vitality +0.8, Complete Evolved Spell Light 
Luckily, he was not disappointed!