Report
                            
                            It was not difficult to achieve these effects. If there was a corresponding rune in the secondary rune library, he could use it directly. If there was no rune, he could use "advanced magic tricks" through the mirror image, and use "insight perception" to observe the magic rhythm and rune changes during the simulation. Therefore, he could also degrade the corresponding secondary rune.Although the degrade rune was not very effective, after a few simulations, he could basically choose a normal degrade rune.The difficult part was how to reasonably construct the magic patterns without the help of the book spirit, and how to correspondingly adjust a single rune circle to form a compound rune circle with four rune circles."The so-called construction is actually trial and error!"After many failures, Aise said to the mirror image."Instead of relying on our own trial and error and wasting a lot of unnecessary time, why don't we organize the apprentices and use the wisdom of the 'spirit connection network' to deduce the rune circle?Without the help of the book spirit, the 'spirit connection network' will definitely not be able to deduce the soul rune circle, but it should be able to deduce the compound rune circle of the secondary rune circle. "The next day, Aise organized the apprentices to build the spirit connection network again. Under the lucid dream state, the apprentices entered the best spirit connection state.The virtual dream fragment space attached to the spirit connection network was formed, and the information flow began to interact with each other intentionally or unintentionally.Aise adjusted the soul resonance frequency of the whole network. After many tests, the resonance threshold was between 5 and 8, and the effect was the best.Under the adjustment of the "root consciousness", the whole network was divided into groups with the intermediate apprentices as the core. Under the adjustment of the "root consciousness", the network began to perform multi-core deduction.An hour later, the "mirror image" sent a message to the main body, "The instantaneous information flow rate has reached 200, and the instantaneous soul resonance value has reached 13. The whole network is a bit 'overheated'!"After receiving the message, Aise immediately began to consciously isolate the transmission of information and reduce the resonance frequency. With the exchange of information inside the network, Aise received more and more information.As the node of the network, every apprentice's knowledge was very scattered and fragmented. They did not even know what they were calculating, but as the "root consciousness", Aise could see everything clearly."327 wrong combinations have been eliminated, 567 normal combinations, and 21 optimized combinations. Every secondary rune has produced at least three optimized effects, and the compound rune circle is very effective."As the "root consciousness", Aise commented on the effect of this wisdom deduction and recorded the corresponding results in his magic book.

Aise wrote down his own thoughts on the fifth page of his magic diary:"The greatest reward of this attempt is not the successful deduction of two Secondary Compound Runic Matrices.Instead, it was to confirm that the runes themselves could be simplified, optimized, or even mutated (changing the expression of the runes). However, this required a huge amount of computing power and sparks of wisdom. This was originally a very difficult problem to solve, and the mental link network perfectly solved this problem.This will be the biggest application of the spirit connection network for quite a long time in the future! "After dismissing the apprentices, he and the mirror image began to mass produce magic robes and magic badges. Through the effects of "advanced magic tricks", they quickly made robes out of monster fur and enchanted iron into badges.Since the badge had been enchanted by the iron block itself, Ace could enchant it directly and inscribe compound runes to create a quasi-magic item.The biggest difference between quasi-magic items and magic items was that quasi-magic items could not be self-sufficient. Judging from this point of view, the magic book was also a quasi-magic item.But this did not mean that quasi-magic items were weak. At the low level, a powerful quasi-magic item that could be charged might be far better than self-sufficient magic, but a magic item that could be used for several months after one use.The mirror image's progress was slower. The robes made of monster fur still needed to be enchanted before they could be inscribed with rune circles.A week later, in the large open space on the west side of the settlement, the apprentices gathered here. The sky was clear and the sun was shining brightly. It was a good day.They had been informed by Bayern that Mr. Aise, the Firebringer, would be here to inspect their training results. The apprentices who were already confident were rubbing their hands, the apprentices who were not very familiar with the training looked troubled, and the apprentices who were not at all, just like Anzesta and Arnaud, had given up on themselves."Uncle Melancholy, I can't enter the state of meditation in three seconds. Recently, except for the group meditation, I haven't been able to successfully meditate. I can't use Magic Bullet or Magic Crystal Shield at all. Why is that? "Arnaud said desperately to Anzesta in the corner of the crowd.Anzesta did not respond to Arnaud. He was also very desperate. He could not meditate at all, nor could he use any spells. If it were not for the knight's Heart Force, he would have thought that he had become a mortal again.I must find a chance to ask the Firebringer!Also, as a knight, I should be loyal to the Firebringer. According to the principle of equivalent exchange, I should be able to use my loyalty and service to the Firebringer in exchange for pointers in the future.

Anzesta looked at Arnaud with melancholy eyes while thinking about something.Betty also had a lot on her mind. Her golden ponytails drooped powerlessly. There were only iron mines in the north of the territory, but she could not go mining alone. The Remake Apprentice I was still far away, and this made her very depressed.As for the test, she was not worried at all. The genius girl Betty was born with outstanding intelligence. The test was just a piece of cake for her.While everyone was talking, Aise rode a "Pegasus" and flew down from the sky. He carried the short and skinny old man Logan, who was wearing an oversized hat, with one hand and jumped down from the sky.When he was close to the ground, he pointed his empty hand forward. The spell model of the secondary wind spell Air Cushion appeared in his hand, and an invisible high-density air cushion appeared. Bang!With a dull sound, the air cushion slowly dissipated, and he slowly landed with the old man in his hand.The "Pegasus" in the sky circled a few times and flew to the edge of the settlement. It turned back into a mirror image, and then with a touch of shimmer, it transformed into Sharp's appearance and quickly ran to the open space in the west.Aise always thought that the Pegasus of the Medea family was very cool. In order to show off in front of the apprentices, the mirror image had to transform into a Pegasus from afar. It could be said that it was a model of hard work without complaint."Apprentices, before testing your training results, please allow me to announce something to you. Today, the elementary magic school in the territory of the Tower is officially established. Today is the day you enter the school.From today onwards, you are all first-year students of the Tower Elementary Magic School. You will spend five years here. I hope that after these five years, all of you will be able to graduate successfully and get the qualification to join the Tower.In the first year of the school, you will systematically learn five courses: Art of Common Language, Logical Thinking, Elementary Mathematics, Secondary Meditation, and Secondary Rune Literature. The first three courses are only for first-year students, and the last two courses will run through your five years of study. "