Report
                            
                            "Yes, the illusion spell itself can create a unique Spiritual Field, and then influence others. Maybe we can use this as an opening to create a brand new spell model to help with the advancement. "The clone replied."That's a good opening. As expected of me. Then let's analyze the requirements. This spiritual field needs to make people focus, empathize, and have firm beliefs. Finally, it can increase their spiritual power to a certain extent. This belief is the belief in our path of magic. Maybe we can add hints. Something like that. "Aise praised himself as he analyzed."Not only that, maybe we can add our newly developed nourishing magic array. It can greatly nourish the soul and the body. Using its nourishing effect, it should make the advancement experiment more stable."The clone replied."The bonfire festival back then was a grand ceremony. We can use a certain ritual to link the advancement experiment together. In other words, we can create a standardized advancement ceremony!"Aise's thoughts gradually became clear.He began to assemble a brand new spell model. The clone copied the nourishing magic array next to the high-energy rhythmic magic array.Aise's soul space, which was once devastated, had completely recovered.He judged that he could barely construct a three-dimensional spell model with a lot of loopholes. As long as his spiritual power scale continued to increase, he should be able to reach the minimum standard of an official wizard.In his soul space, the upper layer floated a series of constructed spell models, while the lower layer had more than eighty soul runes lying quietly.He called the soul runes on the lower layer the root runes, and the ones on the upper layer that could be duplicated multiple times were called derivative runes. Now, he was choosing suitable runes from the root runes and trying to create a new spell model."Focus, empathize, firm beliefs. To achieve this effect, I need induction runes, calming runes, sympathy runes, suggestion runes, emotional suppression runes, and will runes. I'll use my firm will to cut out part of my spiritual power and use it as a primer for this spell model.""This primer can greatly strengthen the target's firm belief in the path of magic. In this special situation of advancement, the target has to feel nature and embrace the path. Their soul is open. Maybe it can produce an effect similar to the thought stamp. Maybe I can use this method to add something to the advancement of other wizard apprentices, making them more loyal and reliable. ""More experiments are needed to explore how to add private goods. Only when the other party's soul is like an infant's can the Thought Stamp effect be produced. Compared to the environment of the Bonfire Festival back then, the believers were more resolute, and it was also a kind of stamp of a different ideology. "

The more Aise thought about it, the more excited he became. How could this method work? It would allow him to better control wizard organizations in the future.It was not enough to rely on one's charisma and system to control a Transcendent organization. This sort of formless ideological stamp would cause the other party to form a fixed way of thinking and spontaneously agree with it.He needed his companions to help him explore the unknown, but he didn't need any unexpected factors. If he could achieve this, he could minimize accidents and betrayals.Aise didn't duplicate the derivative runes in his soul space first. Although there was no harm in reverse-disintegrating the spell model, it would be troublesome if the spell model construction failed.He constructed a new spell model in the air bit by bit. Bang!Of course, the construction of the model failed. He tried again and again and finally succeeded."The taste of the effect doesn't feel right. Let's experiment with the mirror image first."The poor clone had just copied the nourishing magic circle and became a fresh guinea pig.After many experiments, Aise looked at the mirror image that was foaming at the mouth and mumbling something like loyalty. He kept adjusting the spell model."This spell does have the effects of focus, empathy, and firm belief. But, main body, I feel that your primer is not right. There are too many contraband. The spiritual power of the primer must be a firm belief in the path of magic and the pursuit of the unknown truth. Contraband can only hint slightly, otherwise the promotion ceremony might fail.""After all, this is an advanced wizard apprentice promotion ceremony, not a loyalty ceremony."The doppelganger felt dizzy as he complained."That makes sense. Even if it's contraband, the promotion should be the first priority. Let me adjust the composition of the guiding will in the primer."After a few more attempts, Aise finally succeeded in determining the structure of the new spell model and the proportion of the primer. He also copied the spell model in his soul space."What should I call this soul spell? Aise's Brainwashing? The path of focus? The path and contraband? "Aise said seriously."Let's call it the Advanced Apprentice Promotion Guidance Spell. It's easy to understand."The clone felt less dizzy and said while rubbing his head."Then let's move on to the third step. Prepare a guiding rune structure. I think we can absorb the soul runes that Bayern just discovered and improve the meditation technique. The runes he discovered can improve the sensitivity of magic and directly enhance one's perception ability. "

Aise said.After that, the main body first tried to improve the meditation technique's spell model in his soul space. After many experiments in the air, Aise improved the meditation technique in his soul space."This improved meditation technique can slightly increase the growth of spiritual power, greatly enhance the growth of perception, and improve the sensitivity of the soul to magic. I call this improved meditation technique Enhanced Advanced Apprentice Meditation Technique. Now, convert the spell model into a rune matrix and use it as the external guiding rune structure. "Aise said while trying to convert the spell model into a rune matrix. After several attempts, he successfully copied the rune matrix onto a flat surface made from the bones of powerful low-level monsters.The clone sat in the center of the high-energy rhythmic magic circle. The whole magic circle was densely covered with magic stones. Right in front of it was a nourishing magic circle that was connected to the high-energy rhythmic magic circle through complicated magic patterns.Aise stood behind the clone and said softly, "Now, relax your mind and enter a meditative state. I will start the whole ritual when the time is right."Aise observed the state of the clone. He waited until the clone's meditation was about to end. When the clone was relaxed and full of energy, he would start the magic circle.The magic patterns, rune structures, and magic stones flashed one after another. Mist appeared in the air and poured into the clone's body. Accompanied by the rhythmic movement of magic power like a symphony, Aise began to dance to the rhythm and perform the ritual.After dancing around the clone three times, he used the soul spell Advanced Apprentice Promotion Guidance Spell. The target of the spell was the clone, whose soul was slightly warm and floating in the magic circle.Boom!The moment the clone accepted the Advanced Apprentice Promotion Guidance Spell, he felt deeply moved by the path of magic and relentless pursuit of the truth, as well as a trace of loyalty and gratitude to the main body.