Report
                            
                            The seawater that blotted out the sky reappeared and surged toward the indescribable, chaotic, and ominous Grayness.The sea giant emerged from the waves. He roared angrily and instantly expanded. With unparalleled power, he attacked the depths of Grayness.Every time he attacked, there were countless waves and layers of power. When he pushed into the depths of Grayness, he had formed an unimaginably terrifying power.Athena took the opportunity to stand still in the void. She continued to walk barefoot with graceful steps. She was in harmony with the world's elegant domain and her aura continued to rise.The existence in the depths of Grayness seemed to roar. Although his mind was chaotic, he still knew that he was being attacked. Moreover, he did not cross the barrier completely and was stuck in the middle. He was being suppressed by the projection of a new god and a demigod.The three forces were constantly fighting, and the injuries of Grayness gradually worsened. He seemed to be furious and roared fiercely. Thick shadows were gathering and the nest was in turmoil. It seemed that something terrible was about to cross over.The ominous shadows surged out and instantly injured the sea giant who was unprepared. Layers of shadows wrapped around the golden-eyed, barefoot, and white-clothed Athena.Athena was not afraid. Her aura had been raised to the extreme, and her communication with the Originator was almost at its best.Outside the world, Kaya Holy Mountain, Demetrius' divine kingdom.Her original body had stood up from the throne and walked to the side of the clear spring.The entire divine kingdom's secondary plane was trembling violently. Countless divine powers were stripped from the divine kingdom and surged into the body of the goddess of grace, Demetrius, who was standing in the clear spring.The elegant and holy divine power was moving rhythmically. It gradually condensed into a small singularity in her hand and moved in an unstable rhythm. This singularity contained extremely powerful power. Normally, it would be impossible to enter the inner world from the outer world.Because Athena's communication with the Originator's elegant domain had reached its best state, she could use the elegant domain of the Originator as a transfer station to instill power into Athena instantly.She gently pushed the unstable divine power singularity. The singularity disappeared in the clear spring and successfully communicated with Athena through the elegant domain of the Originator.The golden-eyed Athena's bare feet stepped into the depths of Grayness. Along with the power of the elegant domain, the unstable divine power singularity appeared in her hand.She said softly, "Pontos, please fix the projection of the grand lord. We will send him home."The heavily injured Pontos panted heavily and did not say anything. The surging waves took the place of an answer. The huge amount of seawater carried Pontos' unique divine power, the Pontos Sea in its embryonic form, the solidified power, the Sea of Eternity.

Grayness was instantly bound!Pontos' panting became louder. He was signaling for Gold-eyed Athena to hurry up. He could not hold on for long.Golden-eyed Athena continued to walk forward slowly. Under her bare feet, runes appeared in the void with each step.He approached the depths of the darkness, reached out his fair and holy hand, and placed the Singularity by his mouth, and blew gently.Grayness collapsed was collapsing the elegant domain of grace Athena.He used the power of the entire Kingdom of Grace to invade and destroy the Grayness. In just a few minutes, the Grayness and the Abyss Lair were completely replaced by Grace. Accompanied by the radiance of the sunrise, it was actually somewhat brilliant.Pontos, who had fulfilled the agreement, did not stay long. He quickly left and returned to the depths of the ocean. He was seriously injured and could not move for at least a hundred years.The golden color in Athena's eyes gradually dimmed. The divine power on her body was looming. The excessive use of divine power caused the projection of the goddess to collapse. Athena's body and soul were also seriously injured.The remaining divine power made the unconscious Athena slowly fall to the ground.Alex, who was confronting the Royal City's army, retreated overnight after discovering the changes in the abyss's lair. He took a long breath.A few days later, he heard the rumors that he had scouted out.The abyss's lair was destroyed. The projection of the grand lord of the abyss was destroyed by the elegant goddess. The princess was exhausted and unconscious."It is unlikely that the projection of the elegant goddess and Pontos can defeat the projection of the grand lord. Even if only half of the grand lord's projection came to the World Inner!The princess is exhausted and unconscious?Hmph!I already knew what a God was like when the God of Frost stripped me of my power!He must have used some kind of power with the help of the princess. This power must have many restrictions and the consequences must be serious.Even half of the grand lord's projection is enough to seriously injure these two.This is the best environment for me. The elegant goddess will not be able to fight for a long time. Without the projection of the grand lord, the entire northern territory's abyss projection will belong to me!I want to build a kingdom of demons here. I want to use the virtual status of the abyss projection to become a high-level demon! "

Just as Alex's ambition was growing, the people in the Lar Mountains who were suffering from disease finally arrived at the nameless valley in the eastern part of the mountains. Their steps were unsteady, and their faces were filled with exhaustion, but their spirits were very excited!A few days ago, there was an indescribable murmur in the Northern Fortress. It lasted for a while and almost drove everyone who was migrating to the nameless valley crazy.Mirror image Aise hurriedly cast "Advanced Magic Trick" and the spell "Mechanized Mind!"With the effect of a spell similar to Mechanized Mind, everyone could barely maintain their rationality and humanity.Fortunately, the whispers disappeared after a while, and the soothing, passionate, and elegant music swept past, and everyone returned to normal.Now, after a lot of hard work, they finally arrived at the mountains next to the valley. They looked down at the natural valley, welcomed the sea breeze, smelled the salt of the sea, and seemed to have swept away their fatigue.Gray Robe Bayern looked at the settlement at the intersection of the valley and the river and said excitedly to everyone:"Wizard apprentices, in front of us is our new home. The future Wizard Academy and Magic Town are right in front of us!Lord Aise has already prepared clean houses and hot meals for us. A new life is right in front of us! "In the new settlement in the valley.Along the river, a large area of fertile wasteland had been reclaimed. Once winter was over, spring plowing could begin.The simple houses in the settlement had also been built. They were full of barbarian style, but they were dry and comfortable to live in.In the largest hut, mirror image Aise and the main body Aise were synchronizing their minds.Their eyes were looking at each other, and their souls were trembling. The frequency of their minds was gradually synchronized, and the information in their memories began to be shared rhythmically.This feeling was somewhat similar to when they were connected to the network of mental imprints!Aise felt that he had grasped something, but also that he had not grasped anything!What was the connection between the network of mental imprints and the main body? Why were they similar? Was there something that he had overlooked?