Report
                            
                            Dana looked at the ferocious Romon with a hint of calmness. She did not expect Romon to be so decisive. If there was no magic ship, it might be safer to deal with it this way.She said to Romon, "Don't worry, this is the best magic creation of Lord Aise so far. The magic ketch will surprise you."Romon looked at the magic ship with suspicion. It looked no different from an ordinary ship. Creaking sounds were heard.Little wooden figures climbed out of the wriggling deck and jumped onto the shore. The crowd saw the silly wooden figures and exclaimed.Dana and Kelson talked and divided the crowd into thirty groups, each group having a hundred people, followed by a wooden figure. Several wide planks and wooden ladders extended from the magic sailing ship, Knowledge Seeker. The people of the manor waiting at the fishing port, under the organization of the wizard apprentices and wooden figures, boarded the ship in an orderly manner with food, livestock, seeds, tools and all kinds of other things.Romon looked at the crowd of more than three thousand people and a lot of belongings all getting into the magic sailing ship. His mouth was wide open and his eyes were like copper bells. He pulled Marina and followed Dana to the deck through the wooden ladders and looked around.Suddenly, there was a wriggling under his feet. A piece of the deck protruded and carried him to the first floor of the magic ship.Romon looked at everything in front of him in disbelief. It was more than five meters high. Dozens of controllable light balls were floating on the wooden ceiling, illuminating the place as if it was daytime.The slaves of the manor, under the command of the wooden figures and wizard apprentices, were orderly stacking things in the warehouse, the granary, the livestock area and other places. The slaves who had finished their work began to eat in the ordinary restaurant under the guidance of the wooden figures."Am I dreaming? How can the interior of such an ordinary sailing ship be so big? "Romon could not help but slap himself hard. A red palm print quickly appeared on his face. The severe pain told him that this was not a dream.Dana held back her laughter and bowed to Romon and Marina seriously. Then she said, "I'm here to show you the magical sailing ship."Just as the people of the manor were amazed, the sky gradually brightened. Six sailing ships slowly sailed out of the fishing port and headed towards the nameless island.The sky had just brightened when Ace transformed into a black cat. There were six buttons on his fur as he ran elegantly along the wall of the villas in First Street.Suddenly, the black cat Aise stopped and stood on the edge of the wall looking down. This was Peter's villa. It had unknowingly arrived here.

Today was Peter's teaching day again. Under the fallen leaves of the early winter, Peter leaned against a tree trunk and lectured a group of students. His voice was still rhythmic, but his expression was very tired and he had aged a lot.Aise stopped by the wall and listened quietly."In ancient times, it was said that human beings ate raw meat and drank blood. Legend has it that the Goddess of Hope Modilla stole the heavenly fire and passed it to human beings. Only then could we get rid of ignorance. Fire is the birth gift that the world gave to human beings …"This lesson again. Aise's thoughts suddenly went back to a few years ago. It was a summer, the courtyard was shaded by trees and the heat was unbearable. Peter was also lecturing in the same rhythmic and passionate tone.Aise the black cat stood up and bowed to Peter in a standard Peter style. Then it jumped off the wall and left. Peter, who was lecturing, saw it. It seemed that the black cat on the wall bowed to him and disappeared in a flash. It was incredible.Taking advantage of the daytime, Aise successfully left the Royal City of Medemus. When he reached a place far enough away from the Royal City, he transformed into an eagle and flew away without looking back.It was already noon, and the winter sun was very warm. Dina, who was standing on the deck, was waiting anxiously. A loud eagle cry was heard, and a small dot appeared in the sky. In a flash, it became bigger. It turned out to be an eagle, and it quickly flew to the magic sailboat.The eagle landed on the deck. Then, like a fluid, with the rhythm of magic, it transformed into a human form.Dana saw that Aise was alone. She could not help but feel a little disappointed. Just as she was about to speak, she saw Aise gently take out six buttons from his pocket and put them on the deck.He ran the transformation spell in reverse. His hands guided the magic into the six buttons. The buttons gradually became bigger. After a while, six people who were sleeping soundly appeared on the deck.Dana recognized at a glance that five of them were her parents and brothers. The other one looked a little familiar, but she could not remember where she had seen him."Thank you, Teacher Aise!" Dana walked happily to Aise, bowed and said, "Thank you for bringing my family here. May I know who this child is?"Aise smiled warmly and said loudly, "You don't have to thank me."There's no need to thank me. You're my apprentice, and we sorcerers should help each other. This is Bayern's only family, his grandson. Take them down first. When they wake up, comfort them and explain the current situation to them. "

Following that, Ace frowned and said to Dana apologetically, "I'm sorry."The magic ship is sailing north. It will take the fleet and everyone back.You have another mission. Later, you and Borg will take an ordinary sailboat disguised as a merchant ship. Take food and livestock and go to Tsmali to inquire about the current situation of Tsmali. It will be best if you can use Borg's original connections to establish some connections. It will be convenient for us to disguise as Tsmali's ship in the future and return as soon as possible.After thinking about it, I can only trust you here. After going to Tsmali, make sure that the secret is not leaked. Pay attention to concealment. Safety first. "Dana's lips trembled slightly. The feeling of being trusted by the most respected person was so fulfilling. She paused and solemnly bowed thirty-five degrees and said, "I will do my best to complete the mission!"In the evening, the fire in Aise's manor was discovered by an inspector of the Descendants of God. Dean Medea's father and King Aise's brother, the hero Samuus, rushed all the way to Aise's manor.He touched the scorched pit outside the manor. The despair of the moment when Dean was killed seemed to flash in his eyes. He was in so much pain that he lost his voice. His hands and feet trembled as he knelt outside the pit.After a long time, Samuus Medea's eyes showed extreme sadness and hatred. His body emitted extreme coldness. Almost in an instant, his dominant bloodline completely changed from the power of grace to the power of frost!"My son, my only son alive. Father will find the murderer, will …"Samuus whispered in a hoarse voice. He gently dug up the soil bit by bit and put it into a sheepskin bag.At this time, Aise's fleet had split into two directions. The magic sailboat brought the other four ordinary sailboats back to the Tower's territory. Dana and Borg took the main ship and sailed to Tsmali Port.Aise stood on the main mast of the magic sailboat and said in a low voice, "The mission has been completed."The purpose of this voyage has basically been achieved. My family, Dina's and Bayern's families have been brought back. Ace Manor's high-quality population and a large amount of resources have been obtained after several years of training! The crew of the ordinary sailboat has also made their maiden voyage. Everything is going well. "At the same time, in the Tower's territory, Luminous City.The mirror image stood beside the battlements of the western city wall and listened to Carloso's report."Master Sharp, there are a total of forty-five apprentices left behind. Nearly five thousand residents of the territory have entered the city. At present, nearly two hundred ordinary residents have been killed or injured, and six apprentices have been injured."


                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login