Report
                            
                            The food turned into liquid and fermented in his mouth. The crystal creature jumped directly into the magic crystal bowl and ate with all his might. In less than three minutes, the entire magic crystal bowl was eaten up by him."Super super super delicious!""It's even better than the best sacrifice. It was the right choice for me to run away from home."The crystal creature chewed with all his might, feeling touched by the delicious food. As for the magic effect, it was not worth mentioning to him."So delicious, so delicious, I want more!"Along with his words, the contract balance and parchment appeared and recorded it fairly.He took a look and said excitedly in a young voice, "The Originator of this world is so active, and all kinds of rules are revealed. It's suitable for me to find my way to True God here! The youngest True God XX, hahaha! "There seemed to be an invisible rule that prevented other beings from hearing the name of his race.The balance was shaking rhythmically, as if it was reminding him.Although it was not a big deal for an existence like him to break such a small contract, he did not intend to break the contract. He had not had enough of such delicious food.He patted his belly, and a rumbling sound was heard. He was not full."This world is amazing. I made the right choice to come here.It's so delicious. Little worm, I'll help you recover. If you make ten times more of this food for me, I'll give you another chance to make a deal. "The voice passed through the space barrier and into Aise's mind. The majestic voice sounded."Your world is very interesting. As a traveler in the Astral World, I feel happy. This food is okay. I'll follow the contract and give you a strange item that can completely restore your body to the level of a hero.If you can provide ten times more of this food, I'll agree to another request that is equivalent to my happiness. "Although Aise's body had mostly recovered because of the real extraordinary food, his foundation was still damaged. Aise was very happy that the existence opposite him was willing to help him.And the words of the existence opposite him made Aise even more curious. Your world, traveler in the Astral World, could it be?He immediately activated the summoning magic circle and said, "Please help me recover my foundation and restore my body to the level of a hero. Wait for a while, and I will prepare ten times the amount of Steamed Egg with Steamed Tofu!"

When the crystalline creature heard Aise's reply, it looked at the summoning array before it and gathered its strength. It then spat at the summoning array.The saliva of the crystal-clear creature, which carried the rich scent of life, was recognized and transmitted by the summoning circle. What was supposed to be a small piece of saliva from the crystal-clear creature was actually surging out like a tidal wave when it reached Aise's secret chamber in the main material plane.Aise looked at the huge wave that gushed out. It surged towards him like a living creature, enveloping him in the huge wave of saliva. It was as if he had entered the warm embrace of his mother, or as if he had returned to his mother's body to be reborn.This miraculous and viscous liquid contained a strong life energy. It wrapped Aise into a large cocoon.Within the thick cocoon, the creature's saliva formed a dense lifeforce that flowed and nourished Aise.He used Insight and Mana Sensitivity and carefully observed the surroundings.Under Aise's mind perception, the viscous lifeform appeared to be a faint red color. He could almost feel a powerful lifeforce being absorbed by his body.This kind of nourishment was not sudden, nor was it a transformation. Instead, it was his dried up body that was absorbing the nourishment on its own. Bit by bit, the nourishment strengthened the foundation of his body and even nourished his soul."I don't know if I'm hallucinating, but I feel like this mysterious Origin Substance has some of the charm of the Flaming Minced Meat Tofu Steamed Egg. Could it be that the Flaming Minced Meat Tofu Steamed Egg has some kind of mysterious connection with this Origin Substance liquid?"Aise, who was wrapped in the creature's saliva, was thinking seriously. On the other side of the space barrier, the crystalline creature was still thinking about the delicious steamed egg with fiery meat paste. Unknowingly, a lot of saliva had flowed out, dripping onto the dreamy mist.A group of Void Worms seemed to be attracted by the saliva that contained Origin Substance. They all rushed towards the mist, wanting to eat the saliva. In the end, they were trapped on top of the mist like insects caught in a spider web.The crystalline creature stomped its cute paws in annoyance and exhaled forcefully. The mist swayed and instantly spread, turning the nearby Void Creatures into powder."There's even some powder. This is a good material for creating alternate dimensions. Maybe the little guy on the other side will want it."Thinking like this, the crystalline creature gathered the powder and condensed it into a large piece of Void Solute. It had a turbid bright yellow color and a somewhat blurred color.Inside the secret room, inside the giant cocoon.Aise's body had already reached the final stage of its transformation. His heart was beating vigorously, and his soul was also trembling along with his heartbeat. His lifeforce was constantly increasing.

He worked hard to adjust his soul, trying to achieve the unification of his soul and body. He used the level of his soul to guide his body and achieve the fusion of the two.His soul had already stepped through the door of a different level of life, but his body was still hesitating, constantly needing to be guided.Fortunately, Aise's body had already been freed from some kind of restriction. The Origin Substance that smelled like Flaming Meat Paste and Tofu and Steamed Egg was also nourishing his body's foundation, providing resources for his ultimate leap.The transformation was accumulating bit by bit. A faint red light began to spread from his heart. As his blood circulated and he absorbed the Origin Substance, it slowly spread throughout his body.As it spread, his inherent magic power also began to transform bit by bit. The mist-like inherent magic power gradually became viscous, and finally flowed to every corner of his body.His soul also seemed to finally have a foundation. It absorbed the vigorous lifeforce of his body, turning it into an invisible force that knocked on the soul space.As the vigorous lifeforce poured into the soul space, the originally illusory soul space became solid. The lifeforce permeated it, greatly expanding the soul space. It seemed to be brewing some kind of change.Ding dong, ding dong.It was as if a musician was playing a relaxing and joyful movement, or as if a spring was flowing. The entire secret room was filled with a natural joy, and the source of this joy was Aise in the cocoon.He reached out and easily tore open the giant cocoon. The Origin Substance that had lost its vitality flowed out powerlessly. Aise's body was wet and sticky. His clothes were abnormally smelly, as if he hadn't washed them in many years.He frowned and chanted an incantation. "Clean yourself!"Powerful magic power pulsed rhythmically with his right hand, instantly cleaning the ground and Aise's body. He smelled the faint fragrance of Flaming Meat Paste and Steamed Egg on his body and touched his skin that was as smooth as a baby's."This kind of change is almost equivalent to a new life.My body is filled with vigorous lifeforce, my body is filled with fluid inherent magic power, my soul is solid, and the Law Chains are sturdy, and the soul space is full of vitality!Although I haven't tried to create a three-dimensional spell model yet, I'm almost certain that I can do so now. "Just as Aise was feeling out his body, the crystalline creature on the other side of the spatial barrier couldn't wait any longer and urged him.

"Where's my super super super super delicious Flaming Meat Paste and Steamed Egg? Hurry up, hurry up! "
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login