Report
                            
                            Aise, who didn't care much at first, became interested after hearing Leon's introduction.Being proficient in languages wasn't unusual, but being proficient in both barbarian literature and monster encyclopedia was interesting.Aise carefully looked at the short, skinny old man wearing an oversized hat. He noticed a City-state scholar badge pinned on his chest, so he said, "Scholar Logan, I'll give you ten minutes to introduce yourself."After the old man heard this, he took off his oversized hat, bowed to Ace, and said with bright eyes, "I'm sorry."I've always yearned for supernatural power, and I've always wanted to find a way to become supernatural. I've always been studying monsters and barbarian shamans, and I've even secretly collected a few mysterious furs from the shamans. However, my abilities are limited, and I've never been able to find a way. "As he spoke, the old man handed a few furs to Aise. Aise took them and opened them. They were all rune structures for secondary spells. He memorized the runes almost instantly, recorded them on the second page of the magic book, and handed them to the old man.The old man looked at Aise with his eyes shining. When he saw that Aise had only glanced at the furs and handed them to him, his eyes slowly dimmed.Logan had always desired supernatural power, and he'd spent almost half of his life on it. Unfortunately, he'd never discovered the secret of the shamans' spiritual overclocking, and he couldn't use the mathematical tools of his previous life to study supernatural creatures like Aise. If he hadn't met Aise, he probably wouldn't have been able to find a way even if he died of old age.Now, he saw a glimmer of hope, but he didn't dare to act rashly. If he wanted something, he had to put in enough effort first. Becoming a language teacher for the wizard apprentices was the first step. He could get close to these supernatural beings born from ordinary people. As long as he worked hard enough, there would be a chance in the future.Aise looked at Logan and said with a smile, "We wizards welcome any mortal who wants to become a wizard!"Aise purposely paused to make Logan feel uneasy. Logan's hand, which was clutching the oversized hat, turned pale. He looked at Aise nervously."As long as you are a resident of the Wizard Tower, you will have the opportunity to become a wizard apprentice in the future. Now, you are a temporary language teacher in the magic school. I specially allow you to audit logic and mathematics classes.If your performance in the next few years satisfies me, I will give you a chance to become a Transcendent. "The old man's dull eyes immediately brightened. He nodded firmly and said, "I will do my best."Leon perked up his ears and listened to the end. His face revealed a hint of desire. Aise saw it and said, "I am the chief administrative officer. If you work hard, you will also have a chance."

In fact, Aise could give them the chance to become extraordinary now. Through the Secondary Permanent Spirit Blessing and the Flow of Will's meditation practice, it would not be a problem for them to achieve spiritual overclocking.However, this wasn't just a problem of one or two people. It was a problem of a territory and a system.In the Wizard Tower's territory, everyone had the possibility to become a Transcendent. However, the power of the Transcendent was so precious that it had to be exchanged with enough contributions to be truly cherished.Although Aise desperately needed more magic people, he was only seventeen years old. Time was on his side. Even after ten years, he would only be twenty-seven years old.His strength and life level were equivalent to the peak of a demi-hero. In theory, he could live to the limit of a mortal's lifespan of about 100 years.Twenty-seven years old was the age of youth. It was the time to fulfill his ambitions.In the future, he was not in a hurry. Taking advantage of the power vacuum around him, he wanted to carefully develop the Wizard Tower's territory and create a magic society. The most important right of this society was the qualification to become a Transcendent.This qualification meant power. How to give this qualification was related to the top design of the social promotion channel. He had to be careful.After sending the two people away, Aise took out a large number of low-level magic beast furs and enchanted iron from the unknown stomach.These were all the stock in the magic laboratory. They could be used here.Aise looked at the pile of furs and iron and said to the mirror image."Our magic school has been established. There must be a collective sense of honor. Therefore, in addition to the magic book, they should also be equipped with a uniform magic robe and magic badge.I'll have to trouble you to use Advanced Magic Tricks to make a hundred standard robes from these furs. The style will be modeled after the City-state scholar's robes. They will have a hood, black as the main color, blue as the inner lining of the robe, and the collar should be larger. The robe should be looser overall.The robes will have four additional effects: Magic Charge, Body Adaptation, Self-repair, and Rechargeable Magic Crystal Shield. "The mirror image listened to Aise's request and frowned. He tapped his fingers lightly and said:"Esteemed original body, you're asking me to make a hundred quasi-magic items in a short period of time!

The magic source of the robes can be solved by the apprentice's own magic charge.But to integrate these four effects, I need to construct a compound runic matrix with the Mana Charge effect as the core of the four secondary runic matrices.I have to design an experiment first. If you give me a month, I'll definitely be able to complete the compound rune array. However, I can't guarantee that I'll be able to complete it in a few days. "Aise felt that the mirror image's words made sense. He said: "As fast as we can.I'll be in charge of making the magic badge. When we're done together, we'll gather the apprentices.As for the design of the apprentice badge, I plan to use silver as the main color. The surface is smooth, and there's a six-pointed star on the front.It also has four additional effects: Mana Charging, Forced Calming, Automatic Absorption, and Magic Sense Color Changing. Beginner Apprentice's badge has a colorless hexagram, Intermediate Apprentice's badge has a white hexagram, and Advanced Apprentice's badge has all the hexagons lit up. "Aise and the mirror image flipped through the secondary runes library and found a rune that was similar to Secondary Mana Absorption. This rune couldn't automatically absorb magic, but it could passively absorb magic. It was just right for Recharge.Aise named it Secondary Recharge Rune. The reason why he didn't use Secondary Mana Absorption was that although it sounded good, the absorption effect was too poor and the time it took was too long.This rune was an upgraded version. The Soul Rune's Mana Absorption effect was much stronger. However, this was only an apprentice's robe. If he wanted to inscribe a Soul Rune, he would have to use powerful low-level magic materials, and the cost would be much higher.Therefore, the Secondary Recharge Rune was the best choice.With the rune, after a few adjustments, the basic rune array of the compound rune array, the prototype of the Magic Charge Rune Array, was created. After a few more adjustments and optimizations, it could be used.The difficulty of constructing a compound rune array was never a single rune array.