Report
                            
                            As for the construction of the entire town, Aise overturned his original plan. He decided to build a town that could accommodate 30,000 permanent residents at once to avoid future expansion.The reason for this decision was because of the huge productivity released by the wizard apprentices. Most of the apprentices had learned the three spells of Secondary Mud to Rock, Secondary Stone to Mud, and Hand of Magic, which made them have the necessary conditions to become magic infrastructure workers.Almost every one of them had a construction efficiency that was dozens of times higher than that of ordinary people. They could directly produce high-quality construction materials and quickly build them, ignoring the generation gap in the production technology of mortals.All the mortals in the town had been evenly distributed to ten groups of wizard apprentices to do some auxiliary work. The whole town, the northern mining area, and the farmland along the river were all bustling with activity.The irrigation ditches along the river had been built, and the sowing work was quickly completed. The rest was the daily composting and security work.There were also some open-pit copper and iron mines in the northern mining area. Betty and the others led the apprentices of the former Enchantment Association to build an open-pit mining camp in a few days. They quickly mined the ore and used fire elemental spells to create forging spells.In the camp, piles of iron ore were piled up in the middle of the open space. A muscular man casually picked up an iron ore and threw it into the air. The magic in his hand began to move rhythmically.About two seconds later, a spell model appeared in his hand. With the convergence of magic, flames fanned out from the spell model like a torrent."Smelting Torrent!"The muscular man roared. The powerful flames instantly rushed to the sky and quickly melted the iron ore into molten iron.About four or five seconds later, the flames subsided and the hot molten iron fell down. The muscular man squinted his eyes and roared. A magic crystal appeared and wrapped the molten iron in a flash. It cooled down and turned into a square iron block."Lou Xilu, you're consuming too much magic. The key is that the efficiency is too low!"Betty tossed an iron ore into the air and casually pointed her finger. An exquisite Fire Ray appeared a meter in front of her index finger. If one looked closely, they would find that an exquisite spell model had almost instantly appeared a meter in front of her index finger.The Flame Beam quickly hit an iron ore the size of a human head. At the moment when it was concentrated, Betty's eyes focused. Under her control, the Flame Beam quickly changed into a burning fireball that wrapped around the iron ore. The orange-red fireball quickly melted the iron ore.Betty's index finger moved again, and the spell model appeared. The soil on the ground quickly formed a rectangular groove below the molten iron.

When Lou Xilu heard Betty's words, his expression didn't change. In fact, he didn't care. Betty's arrogance was well known. After all, she was the only intermediate wizard apprentice in the mining camp, and her spells were exquisite and powerful.As long as she is willing to teach me her improved spells, it doesn't matter if she is arrogant or peaceful, Lou Xilu thought to himself.Under Betty's command, the apprentices were divided into two groups. One group was smelting the iron ore, and the other group was using earth elemental magic to solidify the iron. Looking at the piles of smelted iron, Betty was incomparably delighted.In her eyes, this was not iron, but a new type 1 apprentice, or even a future mechanical giant!Where the original settlement was, Luminous Town was now a bustling construction site. New buildings of different heights and heights rose from the ground. These buildings were somewhat similar to the apartment buildings of the ancient Roman era in his previous life. As the main building form of the residential area, their characteristics were that they were square, solid, and could accommodate more people.Along both sides of the river, the scenery was pleasant. There were many exquisite three-story villas under construction. Along both sides of the river, there were several single-arch stone bridges that were under construction for the future pedestrians and carriages to cross.The single-arch bridge technology was the essence of bridge building in this era. Aise didn't know much about bridge building. He only knew that the first arch bridge in his previous life came from ancient Rome. It was called the Alcántara Bridge. This era was similar to the ancient Greek and Roman era in his previous life, so it was normal to have similar technology.The whole Luminous Town, or Luminous City, was rectangular in shape. The city wall passed through the river. Inside the city wall were the typical Medemus City-state buildings. Straight paved roads were distributed horizontally and vertically, dividing the city into functional areas. Along the river was the central area, where high-end villas, commercial streets, and municipal buildings were integrated.In the future, the city square, government office, school, hospital, public bathhouse, and other buildings would be located here. This would be the core of the city.The apartment buildings were distributed in the southeastern part of the city. There were also commercial streets scattered around. In the southwestern part, other than the magic school's castle, there were also many workshop buildings. In the future, many handicraft workshops and magic industry workshops would be located here. It was worth mentioning that the prison would be adjacent to the magic school's castle.The northeastern part of the city was reserved for military purposes. Aise planned to develop firearms after the city was completed. He planned to arm the mortals with the famous flintlocks and cannons, so that they would have the ability to fight against monsters and protect themselves.

In the vision of fire spells and magic crystal shaping spells, there were almost no technical problems in making flintlocks. All the differences in technology in the eyes of mortals could be easily surpassed by magic. Magic was the number one productivity.The northwestern part of the city was left blank. It would be planned according to the changes in the future.The large area of farmland outside the city was planned by Aise as a unified farm under the government office. After a few months of busy work, a new and exquisite city was about to appear.At the north gate of Luminous City, a paved road made of secondary mud to stone was extending to the northern mining area. The bricks made of secondary mud to stone were strong and sturdy, but they were too rigid. In order to extend the life of the road, the whole road was paved with a combination of stone and soil.Dana was leading seven or eight Sorcerer-Apprentices, busily using the Magic Crystal Shaping Spell to pave stones at lightning speed. Perhaps she herself had never thought that the Magic Crystal Shaping Spell, which was used to kill people, could one day be used to shape stone tools at will and become the pioneer of road building."Perhaps, this is the difference between us and Teacher Aise. The spells in our eyes were only learned from monsters and imitated by heroes. We never thought that they could be used for production and life.But Teacher Aise is different. Not only did he discover the path of mortals from the bottom up, he also found the intersection between magic and life. This is the wisdom of a leader!Perhaps we can really build a magic society that belongs to us here! "Dana's eyes were filled with longing. A city built with magic, a society full of magic, and a future full of opportunities. She suddenly thought of her family and her brother. She hoped that at this moment, her family was also by her side.