Report
                            
                            Aise touched his haggard face and looked at his dirty black robe. He was not in a hurry to answer the question raised by the mirror image.Instead, he activated the "Advanced Magic Trick" floating above his soul space and chanted the spell, "Clean! Ice Crystal Mirror! "Along with his spell, the magic power was like a powerful detergent, washing himself and his clothes. A mirror made of ice crystals appeared in front of him.Aise looked at himself in the mirror. He had black hair, and a strand of hair was lying on the ground. The gentle face that he inherited from Marina had completely grown up. He was 1.8 meters tall, and he inherited from Romon's strong body. Overall, he looked handsome and tall.Paired with a clean black scholar's robe, black leather boots, and a magic book in his hand, he looked extremely scholarly.He was already seventeen years old. According to the secular point of view of this world where sixteen was the age of adulthood, Aise was already a young man full of vigor.The sun shone through the open door into the barbarian mud house where Aise lived and shone on his body.He covered his eyes with his hands and looked at the barbarian settlement against the sunlight. He said to the mirror image:"As for the name of this territory, I've already thought about it.This is a barren virgin land. I'll build a magic town here, or even a wizard city in the future. With the power of the whole territory, I'll build a magic tower that belongs to wizards.So this territory will be called Wizard Tower! "Aise looked back. Under the sunlight, only his vague figure could be seen. He continued to speak to the mirror image:"In our territory, wizards have replaced the nobles. But every ordinary person in this territory, as long as they pay enough, will have the opportunity to embark on the path of becoming a wizard. Of course, I think most of them can only be junior apprentices for the rest of their lives.The society of this territory will gradually evolve into a magic society where junior apprentices are the lowest level. It may take decades, or even hundreds of years. As long as we can become official wizards, time will be on our side!To rule such a society, we need a new way of thinking.We will implement a system of lifelong archon to rule this territory, and the Wizard Tower will be the assistant of the Congress of Magic.The supreme ruler of this territory will be the lifelong archon, which is Aise the Firebringer.The committee members of the Congress of Magic were temporarily vacant, and they were waiting for excellent sorcerers in the future to enter the highest level of governance.

All those who were above Mental Overclocking had to enter the tower to learn basic magic knowledge for five years. After that, there were three paths: graduation, delayed graduation, and dropout.If one could reach the elementary level of Magic Transformation and produce magic power, one would become an Intermediate Magic Apprentice. At the same time, one could publish a graduation thesis in a low-end magic journal in the future and successfully graduate.If one became an intermediate apprentice but did not publish a graduation thesis, or vice versa, one could apply to delay their graduation.If he failed to become an intermediate apprentice or publish a thesis within five years, he would be considered a dropout.The graduates would automatically become members of the Congress of Magic of the Tower, and they would be qualified to study and research at a higher level in the Tower.Those who did not graduate would automatically become civil servants of the Magic Division in the government office and contribute to the construction of the territory.If the undergraduates successfully reached the graduation standard in the future, they would be issued a diploma and automatically become a member of the Congress of Magic.The lifelong consul had a territorial administration office and a territorial jury court.The government office had a chief administrative officer and two to four secondary administrative officers. They were the leaders of the government office.Under the government office, there were Magic Division, Civil Affairs Division, Public Security Division, Construction Division, Agriculture Division, Culture and Education Division, Health Division, and Workshop Division. They were responsible for coordinating and deploying all the citizens and free people in the territory.This was the general rule of the territory. After twenty years, we would increase the population by plundering the barbarians' population and recovering. After that, we would think about optimizing the rule of the territory.As for the promotion, every teenager of the right age would go to school, and if they passed the wizard apprentice selection test, they would be able to get a magic book for free, sign a contract with the Fire Relayer, and receive Secondary Permanent Spirit Blessings.Those who did not pass the test could also accumulate merit points to exchange for Mental Overclocking Potion, Secondary Permanent Spirit Blessings, and spend a certain amount of Thales to exchange for a magic book and a contract with the Fire Relayer. "The mirror image looked at the real body under the sunlight and said calmly, "If everything goes well, we will have a base that can provide a steady supply of talents in a few decades."Aise walked out of the mud house and said without turning his head, "That's right!"He walked briskly and activated the soul spell "Insight" to find his apostle, Bayern. Bayern had just returned from the river and was washing his face outside the mud house where he lived.

When Bayern stood up, he saw Aise, who was wearing a clean black scholar's robe, walking towards him. He hurriedly wiped the water off his hands on his robe and bowed to Aise.Aise waved his hand and said to Bayern, "You don't have to be polite."There's no need to be so polite. I have a mission for you. After breakfast, immediately gather the apprentices and their friends in the center of the settlement. I have something to say to them. "Bayern slightly bowed again and said seriously,"As you wish, Lord Fire Relayer."At the same time, in the mud house where Betty and her family lived, the former chief administrative officer of the Northern Fortress felt a great difference.He looked a little haggard, and his blonde hair, which was the same as Betty's, was a little dry and messy like a chicken coop. His white robe with red ribbons had long been torn into pieces.Ever since he escaped from the Northern Fortress, he knew that he could never return to the City-state. His daughter, Betty, had completely let herself go. She had no image of a lady at all, which made him very angry, but he had nothing to say.After all, Betty was a real apprentice wizard with extraordinary power. In this valley, the lives and status of his family depended on her."No, I have to think of a way to regain my status in the family and society!"He muttered to himself and paced around the mud house. He had not been idle these days. The settlement was not big, so he had basically walked around it in a day.This place was being developed, but the level of civilization of the barbarians was too low. Until now, it was only a big village. They had barely opened up some land outside.He paced back and forth, causing Betty, who was kneeling on the ground with her golden ponytails, to feel dizzy as she drew the design of a new machine on a piece of parchment.Betty stood up and puffed her cheeks. She said angrily, "Father! You're … "Before she could finish, the former chief administrative officer walked up to her and took her hand. He said hopefully, "My dear daughter, what do you think of me recommending myself to Mr. Aise?I've been the Chief Administrative Officer of the Northern Fortress for almost a decade, and I have a wealth of experience. Also, I've studied Lord Ace's masterpiece, 'Intensive Farming'. Lord Ace is pursuing the path of Transcendent with all of you, so he needs a capable assistant to help him manage the entire valley! "Two hours later, in an open space in the center of the settlement, Aise ordered Bayern to arrange the families of the apprentices to wait in a few mud houses. He then gathered the apprentices in the open space and asked the others to leave.

Aise, who was in high spirits and wearing neat clothes, looked at the dispirited apprentices in the open space.He directly condensed several spell models of Lesser Repair in the air with his spiritual power. Along with the rhythm of his mana, the worn-out clothes of the apprentices were restored to perfect condition.Then, Aise chanted an incantation, "Clean up!" Everyone's body and clothes were as clean as before. He looked around and said with satisfaction,"My apprentices, it's a new day. I see that you're all in low spirits. Were you thinking about my question last night? Who can tell me your thoughts? Please raise your hand. "The apprentices looked at Aise in front of them and felt that he was very close and trustworthy. They all raised their hands high in excitement, eager to express their thoughts.Aise randomly selected a tall and strong male apprentice."Lord Firebringer, I've been thinking about it all night. Why didn't the mental link have the same effect as the dream? I think we can hold the magic book in our hands and use the mental link in our dreams!"