Report
                            
                            Time flew. A week later, Bayern and the others had cleaned up the northern mining area and the monsters along the way. They returned to the settlement with dozens of monster corpses and a few alive ones. Unfortunately, they didn't find the same kind of monster, so they couldn't study it.Leon reorganized the mining team and headed to the northern mining area.In order to prevent the monsters from attacking, under Aise's instructions, ten wizard apprentices followed them to the northern mining area. They were responsible for using magic to dig the mine and protect the mining team.Aise stood beside the foundation of the magic school's castle and looked at the apprentices who had finished building the entire third floor underground. He looked happy and said to himself,"Wizard apprentices are our most precious productive force and the seeds of future research. Digging the mine is of course not a problem. It's also a part of speeding up production.But it's necessary to arm the mortals and let them protect themselves.When the iron ore is mined, I'll try to use fire element magic to make iron. Even if it's a common fire element magic, it can easily melt the iron ore and refine it into good iron.Leon has already built the public toilet. We don't lack common saltpeter. There's also sulfur in the northern mining area. I only need to make charcoal. According to my experience in making magic glycerin pipes, it shouldn't be a problem to make simple gunpowder in this world.The mortals use gunpowder weapons not only for self-protection, but also to fight against common low-level monsters. Thus, the wizard apprentices can be freed from the boring work of protecting the territory and make better use of these productive forces to do great things! "At this moment, a mournful horn sound came from the direction of the reclaimed field!It was the residents who were building the ditch calling for help. When Aise heard the sound, he immediately activated the "Flash Spell" in the Secret Chamber of Soul. At the same time, he used magic crystals to shape huge geometric magic crystal wings and quickly flew in the direction of the reclaimed field.After about ten seconds, Aise arrived at the reclaimed field. It was a monster!More than a dozen marmot-like monsters suddenly rushed out from the ground and chased after the people who were building the ditch."Help, save my child!"A boy who was about five or six years old had his left shoulder bitten by a groundhog. His entire body was bleeding, and he was powerless to struggle. His mother screamed miserably. She bit her lip so hard that it broke. She picked up a hoe and rushed towards the groundhog.When the groundhog saw her charging over, a hint of contempt appeared in its eyes. It tossed the boy in its mouth aside and charged toward the young mother, biting her neck in an instant.

The young mother's neck tilted, and the hoe fell weakly in the direction she was holding. Her anxious and worried eyes were still looking at the unconscious boy.Seeing this, Aise gathered mana in his hands and instantly marked the Marmot with a soul spell "Spell Imprint". He then activated a "Burning Missile" with a tracking imprint, and a scorching white Flame Missile flew towards the Marmot.The groundhog that was gnawing on the young mother suddenly sensed danger. It looked up and saw a white 'combustion missile' flying towards it from the sky. It threw the mother away and burrowed into the ground.As it burrowed into the ground, the soil it dug out quickly closed up. This seemed to be its special ability.The burning missile was extremely fast, and it directly penetrated the soil with scorching heat. About five or six meters underground, it let out a loud muffled sound.Aise looked around the entire reclaimed field. It had only been a few minutes since the monsters had suddenly emerged from the ground, and dozens of free people had already been injured. More than ten people had been bitten to death on the spot.Leon's eyes were wide open. He was normally a gentleman, but now he was holding a short sword and a round shield in a practiced manner. He commanded dozens of reserve citizens who had military experience to form a formation and slowly walked towards the marmot-like monsters.When the group of monsters saw them forming a formation, they all stood up and roared at the people in the formation. "Ah!"The sound carried a powerful sound wave attack, shaking Leon and the others until they were dizzy. Several people staggered and fell to the ground.The groundhogs took this opportunity to rush towards the reserve citizens who were holding swords and shields, preparing to eat their fill.Aise quickly descended from the sky. Bang! Landing in front of the groundhogs, his expression was very different from usual. The miserable situation in front of him had already angered him. A red light flashed through his eyes.The faint whispers once again appeared in Aise's ears.Kill, kill them all!Eat, eat them all!Aise's powerful inherent magic was directly activated. Magic crystals were formed. Swords, spears, swords, halberds, and dozens of magic crystal weapons with inherent magic were instantly formed.His eyes flickered between red and normal colors. He endured the splitting headache and activated the soul spell "Hand of Magic". A dozen tentacles formed a magic crystal Hand of Magic directly appeared behind him. Each tentacle grabbed a magic crystal weapon.Aise didn't give the groundhogs a chance to hesitate. He activated the Flash Spell and rushed directly into the group of groundhogs.

Inside his Secret Chamber of Souls, the Advanced Magic Trick was flashing."Magic Crystal Weapon – Strengthening – Sharpness – Toughness – Agility!"Accompanied by a short spell, the magic crystal weapons grabbed by the magic tentacles appeared cold steel. They became sharper and tougher, and each wave was incomparably fast.Within two or three seconds, more than half of the groundhog-like monsters were killed by Aise. The rest of the monsters hurriedly drilled into the ground, regretting that their parents didn't give them two front claws.Aise waved his right hand and muttered at the same time, "Magic Crystal Weapon – Super High Speed Rotation!"The magic tentacles wriggled and each formed a big palm. Holding the magic crystal weapons, they spun rapidly and stabbed directly into the ground. Puff!Almost instantly, the shaking ground stopped. The magic crystal tentacles that were a few meters deep in the ground pulled hard, and the groundhogs that were almost turned into meat paste were pulled out and thrown heavily on the ground.The mirror image just arrived with the wizard apprentices and saw this scene. Aise was standing in the middle of the cultivated field. The dozens of tentacles formed by the Hand of Magic were waving magic crystal weapons like knives, spears, swords, and halberds. There was a pool of dark red blood beside him, and dozens of unknown monsters were lying there quietly.The mirror image sensed the intense spirit fluctuation of the real body. He activated 'Advanced Magic Tricks' and chanted the spell, "Calm – Mechanized Mind!"With his spell, the magic rhythm rushed towards Aise. Under the effect of 'Mechanized Mind', Aise finally calmed down, and the red light in his eyes disappeared.Sulu saw how powerful Aise was, and his eyes were filled with envy and longing. He shouted loudly, "Mr. Firebringer saved everyone! Mr. Firebringer is mighty!"The other apprentices and the people on the scene also woke up from a dream and cheered. There were also many people who couldn't stop crying. Some were crying for their dead relatives, and some were crying for the survivors.