Report
                            
                            The group of sorcerer-apprentices, especially the enchantment sorcerer-apprentices, thought of the hundreds of days and nights they were hunted down. Fear, anxiety, pain, and anger intertwined and magnified in their hearts.Aise looked at some of the sorcerer-apprentices who were still hesitating, and continued to use this kind of hinting effect to say, "We sorcerers are born from ordinary people with extraordinary power. We are very weak now, but it doesn't mean we can be bullied!""The conflict between us and the Descendants of Gods is an irreconcilable enemy. The Descendants of Gods have used the blood of hundreds of sorcerer-apprentices to tell us, either you die, or I die! We have to fight back, we have to fight back! ""We have to fight back! Destroy the remnants of the army! "Sulu jumped out and roared loudly.Bayern the black cat and Dana the black cat reacted immediately, and followed suit and roared, "Destroy the remnants of the army!"The anger and hatred in the hearts of the sorcerer-apprentices was gradually magnified by this kind of hinting effect. Their eyes were filled with tears, and their hearts were filled with anger. For a moment, the crowd was stirred up.This Sulu was unexpectedly useful.Aise thought as he pressed his hands in the air. After the crowd quieted down, he said, "Everyone, rest for 15 minutes. After 15 minutes, we will set off immediately!""Bayern, come with me." Aise lowered his head slightly and said to Bayern the black cat.The man and the cat left the crowd and went to a secluded corner.Mirror Aise's lips trembled slightly, and the "Advanced Magic Trick" spell model in the Secret Soul space was activated. He chanted in a strange tone, and with the rhythm of magic, he waved his arms."Return of the leaves!"The leaves of the surrounding trees moved without wind as he chanted the spell, and fell to the ground, forming a small pile of slightly dry leaves.Mirror Aise continued to activate the "Advanced Magic Trick", and said in a strange tone with a regular rhythm, "Transform — Clothing — Gray Robe Transformation!"With his spell and hand gestures, the surrounding magic gathered and gathered in a regular pattern towards the pile of leaves. With the flash of magic, the pile of leaves turned into a brand new gray robe.Mirror image Aise pointed his finger, and with the rhythm of magic, the robe flew up and covered the black cat Bayern."It is not good to be naked all the time. Put on some clothes, my apostle."Bayern the black cat canceled the Secondary Shapeshifting. Holding the dice, he put on the gray robe that Aise gave him and said, "Thank you, honorable Fire Relayer. Your magic skills are admirable."

The mirror image Aise smiled and nodded. He glanced at the Anazir die that Bayern was holding tightly in his hand and brought Bayern back to the place where everyone was resting.He did not covet the die. Even though it was very magical, it was a fortuitous encounter for the members of the organization that was about to be established. Unless the other party was willing to hand it over, if he forcefully took it, it would definitely cause the organization to fall apart.This organization should create a system and mechanism, allowing members to voluntarily choose limited sharing or independent research. As long as they saw the benefits of limited sharing were greater, no one would give up more benefits.While thinking, mirror image Aise and Bayern had already returned to the place where everyone was resting.A group of wizard apprentices looked curiously at the barefoot Bayern in the gray robe. Except for Dana, it was the first time they had seen Bayern in human form.Aise sensed the position of the secret imprint he had marked and confirmed the distance between him and the rest of the legion."Dana, select some of the wizard apprentices and move with me. Bayern, follow the instructions of the magic book and go to Barr Mountain. "After Dana had selected the people, Aise watched Bayern lead the other wizard apprentices and their relatives and friends away slowly. He said to Dana and the others, "You are all outstanding warriors. I need your strength to complete my revenge on the legion! We only have one goal, which is to pretend to fail and lead the people of the legion, mainly the six heroes, into the trap I have set in advance … "With Aise's explanation, the terrain near Barr Mountain and the location of the trap depression appeared in their magic books and marked the legion's position with moving red."This is the plan. I will transform into an eagle and directly monitor the rest of the legion from the sky. You will be led by Dana and under my guidance, you will be responsible for luring the enemy into the trap depression!"Aise looked around at the eleven enchantment wizard apprentices and used "advanced magic tricks" to mark each of them with a secret imprint and a one-time activation magic crystal protective membrane."If you encounter an irresistible danger, use your mental strength to stimulate the rune structure on your right hand, and a magic crystal protective membrane will appear to protect you. Then, I will leave everything to you!"The sorcerer-apprentices felt a little relieved after receiving the blessing. They bowed slightly to Ace and also bowed solemnly to show their respect. If Aise had not been using this kind of hinting effect, it would have been difficult to make these wizard apprentices feel at ease so quickly.

People were selfish. They said that they wanted revenge and to fight back, but when it came down to it, would they really be willing to lure the enemy? For example, Aise believed in magic more than the human heart.More than 150 soldiers of the legion, under the leadership of the six heroes, were approaching the Lar Mountain Range in the north.On the other side, under Aise's guidance, Dana led ten enchantment wizard apprentices and rushed to the road near Barr Mountain to set up an ambush."Report! Barr Mountain Range is about one kilometer ahead, the edge of the Lar Mountain Range. "A scout cavalry dismounted and reported loudly to the captain, Angel Byrne."Very good. Everyone, work harder. We will take a rest when we reach the foot of the mountain."Thane curled his lips in disdain. He had always refused to admit that when he saw Angel commanding calmly, he felt jealous."Whoosh!"The sound of weapons piercing through the air was heard. The ten enchantment wizard apprentices led by Dana were all good at the series of secondary magic crystal shaping spells and displacement spells. They were perfect for a sneak attack and a quick escape.All kinds of magic crystal weapons injected with inherent magic power pierced through the air. Several legion soldiers were caught off guard and were directly pierced through, dying on the spot.Dana had been accumulating power for a long time. She had recently developed a new spell that combined magic crystal shaping with fire element and explosive runes. Secondary unstable magic crystal shaping projectile.Spell models appeared one after another behind her. With superb micro-manipulation skills, Dana could already construct several secondary spell models extremely quickly in a short time. This was a kind of combat talent, or it could be said that it was a Supreme Magic Skill.One, two … seven. The spell model contained Explosion and Scorching. A burning dagger poked its head out of the flashing planar spell model on Dana's back one after another. With the infusion of Dana's inherent magic power, the spell reached its limit.Seven unstable magic crystal burning short swords flew towards the six heroes with scorching heat and power that was about to explode!Angel, who was wearing a red-tasseled helmet, sensed the approaching danger and jumped back a few meters.Boom!