Report
                            
                            In the Lar Mountain Range, the snow in the middle of winter combined with the extremely cold air blowing out of the wind in the center of the mountain range made the whole Lar Mountain Range extremely cold.Mirror image Ace was busy in this small migration team. Dozens of ordinary people and a few beginner apprentices had already fallen ill in the severe cold. Most of them had different degrees of frostbite, some fell, and a small number of them had latent diseases because of the weakness of the cold."Thank you, Mr. Fire Relayer. Thanks to your potion, I feel much better now. ""Mr. Fire Relayer, my chest is still a little stuffy. Can I make it?""Mr. Fire Relayer, my heart hurts so much. It's like a knife is twisting it!"…Aise was busy dealing with them. Although his medical skills were relatively good, and he had all kinds of powerful tools such as ultrasonic perception and insight perception, not every life could be saved by him. Even if he tried very hard, there were still a few ordinary people who would never be able to survive in the snow region.Fortunately, the beginner apprentices were physically stronger than ordinary people. With Aise's timely treatment, they survived the serious illness and slowly got better."Everyone, gather closer. Let's surround Mr. Fire Relayer!"Dana organized the people and surrounded Aise in circles. When everyone stood still, Aise activated the soul spell, "Advanced Magic Trick.""Fire, constant temperature, magic crystal, super large protective film!"With the rhythm of magic power, Aise chanted a spell in a special language. A super large protective film with constant temperature began to form three meters above Aise's head. With his chants and gestures, the whole protective film quickly formed and covered everyone.The protective film was slightly red, and a small amount of unstable fire elements were distributed in it, creating constant temperature.Aise did not stop. He continued to chant and pointed at a few places on the protective film."Magic crystal, ring!"With the spell, a few small ring ventilation holes opened on the magic crystal protective film. Everyone squeezed in the super large magic crystal protective film. Aise transformed the corpses of the monsters that had turned into buttons back to their original forms.Dana went up and used the Magic Crystal Shaping Spell to create several Magic Crystal Knives. She skillfully peeled off the skin and removed the internal organs. They cooperated well, as if they had returned to the trip to the Northern Region.Aise engraved a Burning Runic Array on the ground and infused it with magic. The entire Runic Array was like a furnace, roasting the meat and making sizzling sounds.Donna stealthily approached Anzesta. The young girl looked innocent and naive. Her soft red hair flowed down naturally. She wore an exquisite lady's dress and leather boots. Her dress was a little dirty and tattered because of the escape.

Donna looked at the handsome but melancholy Anzesta. Smelling the aroma of the roasted meat, she swallowed her saliva."Knight Anzesta! I'm very happy to see you again. You're still so melancholic and charming. "Donna appeared in front of Anzesta. Her face was a little red, and her fingers unconsciously touched each other as she spoke happily."Nice to see you again, Miss Donna."Anzesta replied politely."I didn't expect you to be an Apprentice Sorcerer. No, I should have known. You're so strong and gentle. I, I still like you! "Donna had always been very enthusiastic and often thought she was in love. But this time, she felt that she was really in love.After becoming an Apprentice Sorcerer, she thought that she and Anzesta would be strangers. Who knew that she would meet Anzesta again here. She felt that this was a coincidence of fate.Arnaud and Olli looked at each other, revealing a gossipy expression."Mister Melancholy, aren't you going to introduce us?"Arnaud said with some slyness."This is Miss Donna. Don't think too much!"Anzesta hesitated for a moment. He thought about what to say and slowly said."Although it's rude to say this to a lady who likes me, I'm too old. I'm not suitable for you. You should find some handsome lads of the same age. I only treat you as a niece. "While Donna was feeling sad and helpless, Betty put down her Type 1 Apprentice Sorcerer and rushed over. She stared at Anzesta and said."How can you reject a lady like that! Age is not a distance, and height is not a difference. As long as you want to be together, there won't be a problem. ""Don't worry about him. Let's chat for a while. Tell us how you met Anzesta!"Olga pulled Donna over and sat down with Betty and the others. Then, they started chatting.Anzesta looked at them with envy and helplessness. His eyes were melancholy, as if he was missing someone.On the other side, Bayern and Warren were discussing something."Mr. Bayern, I still don't understand this irrational inequality. How do you use graph functions to model it?"Warren had been chasing after Bayern ever since he found out that Bayern was proficient in mathematics. He often asked questions from Bayern.

"It's like this. First, draw an auxiliary line here …"Bayern looked at Warren, who was full of curiosity, with admiration in his eyes. Although Warren's talent in mathematics was ordinary, he really had a thirst for knowledge and perseverance. Even if he couldn't make great achievements in mathematics, he would have no problem laying a solid foundation.After more than a month of travel, Warren was gradually called "Big Question Mark Warren" by the wizard apprentices. This was not a completely complimentary term.Because most of the wizard apprentices still yearned for powerful magic, they were more concerned about the nature of the runes and how to construct a more powerful rune structure.Warren always liked to ask about the nature of the runes and why the structure was established. This made many of the apprentices speechless and stay away from him.Aise looked at the lively crowd inside the magic crystal barrier and couldn't help but feel happy. Sure enough, one could only find the heart of a person in the crowd.Maybe the choice of the main body was wrong. The main body should have kept the emotions of a person, but this avatar didn't need to keep so many emotions.Ace sprinkled the salt he had taken from the barbarian tribe on the pieces of meat that were sizzling with oil. Then, he chanted an incantation and distributed the roasted meat to everyone. Seeing everyone wolfing it down, he smiled happily.It was really good to be able to help others and be trusted by others.After a few more days of travel, they would arrive at the nameless valley. It was time to let the main body experience the beauty of the world again and pick up his emotions and self. As for how to deal with the Abyss Whispers, he also had an idea.Chaotic and evil abyssal creatures were immune to mind control spells. Could he make them close to normal by mechanizing their minds? Could he modify this spell and develop a spell to deal with the influence of the whispers or create a magic item?Aise thought while unconsciously chewing the roasted meat that Dana gave him.