Report
                            
                            The crowd gradually stopped cheering. They listened and stared blankly in the direction of the Lar Mountains. A huge monster emitting a sulfuric smell was slowly approaching. It was so huge that the ground shook with every step it took.It was so terrifying that it exuded an ominous aura that almost materialized. It inhaled with great force, and the black fog in the valley slowly surged towards it. The monsters closest to it were involuntarily drawn towards it, and in the process of flying, they turned into black blood.Aise's eyes instantly turned red. The badge on his chest flashed with a soft golden light, comforting him and making his eyes clear."This is the feeling. Although it's a lower level, it's similar to the invisible whispers I heard! Because I used the forbidden knowledge of the abyss, I'm more susceptible to the influence of the abyss?That's really scary. If I didn't discover it early, I'm afraid I would've turned into an abyss minion and completely lost myself! "Then his eyes became sharp. He used Insight Perception and Magic Power Sensitivity to clearly find black and light red entwined on the monster's body. He then said, "Don't worry, it's a monster."This should be a mid-level monster. I don't know why it was transformed by the power of the abyss. I can't let it continue to absorb the black mist. Its power is constantly increasing. I must stop it immediately!"Without hesitation, he immediately used Soul Magic to create a super high-pressure air railgun and threw in ten magic glycerine tubes at once as a test.Accompanied by a roar, the pyroblast whizzed out. The monster was still slowly absorbing the black mist and did not react. It was instantly hit by the pyroblast.Under the vision of Insight, the monster's skin was only scraped a little. It shook its body and continued to absorb the black mist for a hundred years while rushing towards Aise.Aise calmly fought with it, nimbly and cautiously using Blink and Magic Crystal Wings to avoid its attacks. After a few minutes, Aise could confirm that this monster did not have a high IQ. It was eroded by the power of the abyss and became more chaotic.It was just that this monster's skin was too thick. Pyroblast could not cause any effective damage, let alone ordinary cannons. It was more than ten meters tall. If it wasn't for Aise fighting with it, it would have destroyed the entire Luminous City."Now, it's too late to organize people to retreat to the magic ships. We have to find a way to kill it. What should we do if we can't attack it from the outside?"Aise thought as he fought.Bang!The magical creature almost hit the absent-minded Aise. Thanks to the sudden appearance of the seven-layered magic crystal ring, Aise was spared.

"Main body, you must cooperate!"It turned out that the Rational Mirror Image had saved Aise. They looked at each other, and their souls resonated. They instantly understood each other's thoughts.Aise opened the stomach pouch on his waist and poured a large amount of incomplete glycerin tubes onto the mirror image. The tubes turned into long hairs and stuck close to the mirror image.Aise completely released his inherent mana and used the Magic Crystal Molding spell. Boom!Hundreds of soul spell models appeared around the giant monster. Magic crystal chains with barbs extended out from them. Aise knew that the magic crystal chains could not penetrate the tough skin of the giant monster, so he directly guided the magic crystal chains that had been infused with inherent mana to bind the giant monster.The huge monster was entangled by the Magic Crystal Chain and struggled to break free. However, the Magic Crystal Chain would grow again after it broke, so it couldn't break free for a while. The huge monster angrily opened its bloody mouth and roared angrily.Aise panted and said to the mirror image, "My inherent mana is about to run out. You only have five seconds!"The Rational Mirror Image turned around and smiled coldly at Aise. Then, it suddenly rushed into the giant monster's bloody mouth and directly went into the monster's esophagus.At such a close distance, Ace and his mirror avatar could share the same consciousness and feel the same feelings. He quickly flew backwards, and at the same time, his consciousness took over the mirror avatar's body. He instantly merged with the consciousness in the mirror avatar's soul fragment. At this moment, he seemed to understand something.Perhaps, this is the most correct way to use the doppelganger. Countless bodies, unified under one consciousness. The others are just sub-consciousnesses.Just as Aise was thinking, the doppelganger had already entered the giant monster's stomach. The strong gastric acid corroded the magic crystal barrier and made a sizzling sound.Aise realized that he could not wait any longer and had to immediately carry out an internal explosion. He followed the direction of the giant monster's heartbeat and first used the glycerin tube to blast a small hole in the monster's stomach. Then, he drilled out and rushed in the direction of its heart.While the giant monster was struggling, it suddenly felt a sharp pain and rolled on the ground, shaking the entire valley.As it rolled, a series of loud sounds like muffled thunder came from its abdomen. It then fell to the ground and completely lost its ability to fight. Aise looked at the sky in the distance. It was already dawn, and a ray of light shone into the valley.Three months later, early spring, the port area of the Wizard Tower's territory.

Carlo leaned against a wooden stake near the port water, feeling the cool sea breeze, and was talking to several young people."… Lord Firebringer chanted a terrible spell, and the giant monster immediately knelt down and begged for mercy. This is the power of magic. Even a giant monster can be conquered by it!"These young people were very happy. They were surrounding Carlo and listening to him talk about the battle three months ago. Although there were many exaggerations, Carlo was eloquent and very emotional when he talked about it. This made many young people who were carrying ammunition and did not go up the city wall very interested.After killing 31 monsters in a row in the last battle, Carlo was promoted to a captain. However, he was still not happy because he still did not return to the ranks of the soldiers. Instead, he was appointed as a captain of the militia and was responsible for maintaining the security of the port area.Just as his saliva was flying, everyone suddenly stared at the distance. A sailboat with a strange fish head symbol slowly appeared from the sea and was getting closer and closer to the port."Woo —"The bugle horn sounded continuously. A magic ship and four gunboats in the harbor all began to prepare for battle. Carlo led his men and ran madly towards the fort in the harbor area while shouting, "Everyone, be on level one alert! Quickly inform the Wizard Apprentice and contact the Luminous City!"At this time, several wizard apprentices stationed in the port area quickly walked out and shouted with a secondary loudness spell, "The sailboat that went to Tsmali has returned. Don't fire!"Dana and Borg stood on the deck, carrying a ship full of supplies slowly approaching the port area. Dana held a magic book and communicated with the wizard apprentices stationed in the port. Soon, the gate between the port and the eastern waterproof dam opened, and the schooner slowly sailed into the port.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login