Report
                            
                            When the three of them left Romon's villa, a middle-aged man bowed and whispered to Dean, "Lord Dean, I'm a little worried. Won't His Highness the Crown Prince blame us for doing this when he wakes up?"Dean pulled back his hood, revealing his sky-blue hair and handsome face. He smiled and said to the other two, "Because my name is Dean Medea, and I'm also a descendant of the Goddess of Grace."Then, he stopped talking and walked slowly. The other two citizens looked at each other and followed without saying a word.They entered a bustling mansion not far from the palace. Dean Medea's father, King Tedeus's brother, Samus Medea, was sitting at the head of the mansion's hall.Samus waved his hand to dismiss the others and said to Dean, "My son, how did it go?"Dean bowed elegantly to Samus and replied, "It's very simple, but father, haven't you always taught us to hide our wings and observe carefully? Why are you making such a big fuss over such a trivial matter? Even if Aise Manor is a relatively rich manor, it's just a slave manor. "Samus looked at his son kindly and said gently, "It's good that you remember to hide your wings, but now is not the time for us to hide. You know Her Highness the Crown Prince's situation. She's already lying in an ice coffin and may not wake up for the next fifty or even a hundred years. "He walked towards his son step by step and said softly, "It's time for us to fight.My brother, King Tedeus, has no other descendants. As long as it's the fourth generation of Medea's descendants, they will have the opportunity to compete for the throne! Eating up Aise Manor, which is under the crown prince's protection, is a small test. ""I understand, father," Dean replied."A mortal family didn't go through the procedures required by the city's laws to obtain citizenship. Just because of the crown prince's protection, they directly obtained citizenship and owned a large number of slaves and independent manors that only citizens are qualified to enjoy. This in itself is against the law.We used this matter to test the king's attitude. It's neither too big nor too small, it's right on target. "Samuus smiled with satisfaction and said to Dean, "My son, you've really grown up. It's just a rich manor. Only a fallen noble would care so much about it. What we need to do is to use this flawed matter to find out the King's attitude. As for the manor, it doesn't matter!What does obtaining it or destroying it have to do with it and its current owner? "While Romon and Marina were sighing, in the port area of the Wizard Tower's territory, the first ketch made by the apprentices had entered the water.

This ship was 20 meters long, and most of its hull was made of wood. A few key parts were made of iron, and it was equipped with side cannons and front turrets. It was extremely submerged and had a wide deck. It had a strong ability to sail against the wind, and it would be the main ship of the future fleet.The four following ships were slightly smaller than the main ship and were only equipped with side cannons to facilitate access to and from the ports of the City-state in the north. The sailboat was in the style of the Medemus City-state, and even hung the City-state flag of the thorned flower.The main ship was equipped with 13 cannons, and each of the other ships was equipped with 8 cannons. In total, they still needed 35 cannons.While the apprentices were cheering for the ketch, Aise led a group of intermediate apprentices to finally animate the ketch.The ketch was completely made of activated wood, and on the basis of the initial enchantment, it had undergone a second enchantment. Even from a distance, one could feel the magic power contained in the ketch.Aise had performed a limited activation on the ketch, so that it could recover and adjust itself to a certain extent.Dense mysterious patterns were engraved on the ketch, which was a comprehensive secondary strengthening rune array specially designed for the ketch. It had greatly improved the rigidity, toughness, strength, and elemental resistance of the wooden ketch.The ketch was 30 meters long, and several apprentices were testing the ketch with secondary fire missiles."Twenty Secondary Flame Missiles, I can completely endure it.""Thirty continuous fire missiles. Black spots have appeared. The activation effect has been activated. The ketch has begun to absorb the stored nutrients and magic power of the magic stones to quickly recover.""Forty continuous fire missiles. The activation and recovery speed can no longer keep up."The final result of the test was that the activated ketch could withstand the barrage of about 35 fire missiles, and the other elements were similar.Aise was quite satisfied with this result. After all, this was only the ketch, and the outer hull and deck had not yet been assembled. A stronger magic crystal protection rune array must be densely covered on the hull.Almost a week later, Aise and his mirror image led eleven intermediate apprentices to complete the assembly and activation of the entire ketch.After the entire ketch had been enchanted, assembled, and integrated, Aise decided to cast a spell on the entire ketch. With such a large ketch, the activation effect might not be satisfactory if he only used a secondary activation spell.

Aise decided to use the soul runes to form a soul spell, but this created another problem. Although the relevant runes had been derived, Aise's soul space was limited. He was not willing to add these four runes as the root runes.After thinking for a while, Aise made up his mind and said in his mind, "In order to achieve the best effect, we still need to use a ritual to construct the activation magic array and the activation ceremony."After that, Aise and his mirror image began to construct the activation magic array in a wasteland outside the port area. His mirror image went to the magic castle and used the dimensional belly to bring the corresponding magic materials and magic stones transformed from the bottom of the castle to here.Mirror image laid out a slate made of magic paper that could be engraved with the soul runes on the wasteland.Aise began to outline a huge life activation magic array on the wasteland. A magic array was composed of runes and magic patterns. The entire magic array was actually an enhanced version of the soul spell, Dead Object Activation.However, a magic array alone was not enough to achieve Aise's goal. Aise compared and deleted the series of active thinking runes of the soul runes. With the deduction effect of the book spirit and the spirit network, he deduced a new soul rune.This rune was meant to give higher thinking and intelligence. Aise called it the Rune of Enlightenment. Its effect was to make living magic creatures and ordinary animals with low intelligence (including monsters) become intelligent and have a certain level of thinking ability. According to the current effect, it could give the intelligence level of a seven- to ten-year-old child. The specific effect was random.The whole complex magic array was composed of three parts: the Life Activation Magic Array, the Rune of Enlightenment Magic Array, and the Contract Magic Array. Together, everyone used the Hand of Spell and the Hand of Spell to pull the ketch to the center of the magic array.Aise directed everyone to start the ritual. They activated the whole magic array with their magic power and danced to the rhythm of the magic power.Even Aise could not guarantee success in one try to activate such a huge dead object, give it the intelligence of a seven- to ten-year-old child, and make a contract with it.Standing in the center of the Contract Magic Array, Aise was a little excited and nervous. Would the ketch he was looking forward to appear?