Report
                            
                            The flashing rhythm had disappeared. Aise activated the soul spell "Insight Perception" and began to observe the four little flames, which were only the size of his palm.As Ace observed, he carefully recorded it with his Magic Scribe."The flame that emits a bright light is composed of Radiant runes, so it's called Radiant Flame. The flame that has a higher temperature than the other flames is called Scorching Flame. The flame that is mostly in an unstable state and is constantly crackling is called Exploding Flame. The last flame that is no different from the last time is called Thinking Flame."The Brilliant Flame was born with a strong light. Under the control of Aise's telepathy, it could release a strong light in an instant or maintain a constant brightness.The Scorching Flame had the properties of high temperature and burning penetration. The Bursting Flame, under the control of Aise's telepathy, could explode in a small range. After each explosion, it would dim a lot.Then, Aise began to conduct many command experiments. He used iron blocks as casting materials and used advanced magic tricks to create a simple small maze.In the first experiment, Aise ordered the four flames to enter the maze from the entrance. He did not give any specific instructions to the flames. He only ordered them to come out of the maze.The first three flames could only instinctively sense in Aise's mind to complete the task. They kept unconsciously running into walls and slowly began to resist. In the end, they actually stopped moving in the maze.The fourth flame also kept running into walls. Aise found that it was consciously recording. In the end, it successfully ran out of the simple maze."After adding the Active Thinking Rune, the flame's thinking ability has increased. Its behavior seems to be more intelligent." Aise observed and recorded.Then, he used magic tricks to float dozens of small wooden blocks and put the four flames under a small wooden block.The small wooden block was not far above the flame's head. Aise began to order the flames to jump. The four flames began to jump desperately under Aise's command.After a while, the Brilliant Flame hit the small wooden block. Aise immediately punished it by taking away part of its magic power. Its light suddenly dimmed.Then, Aise ordered them to continue jumping, observing their reactions through Insight and telepathy.The Brilliant Flame was in a very low mood. The Scorching Flame and the Bursting Flame had no reaction at all. The Pondering Flame, on the other hand, was terrified. In the following jumps, the Pondering Flame was very cautious. It tried to jump to places with fewer wooden blocks, while the other three Flames were still jumping randomly.After a few punishments, the other three flames still didn't improve. Aise stopped the experiment and placed the flames on the ground. After watching them slowly disappear, he recorded in his spellbook.

"After comparative experiments, it is very clear that the addition of the active thinking rune has increased the intelligence level of this artificial elemental life form. Its intelligence is comparable to that of ordinary dogs, and it can carry out some relatively complex commands. However, it still can't reach the intelligence of humans."Aise closed the magic book and said to himself, "It can be confirmed that the fire elemental life can be created out of nothing. The Active Rune and the Unknown Rune are both very important discoveries that have been neglected! There are more runes that can be added. I need to try. "He continued to gesture in front of him. Secondary runes appeared one after another. Magic Crystal, Fire Elemental, Brilliant Light, Burst, Scorching Flame, Active Thinking, Insight, Magic Sensitivity, Strengthen, Automatic Absorption, Eject, Projectile, and Direct Shot. A dozen runes formed a complex secondary spell model, flashing in front of him."Create a flame with life. What should I call this spell? Should I call it Aise's Son of Flames, or Flame Life Spell? "After thinking for a while, Aise finally decided to call this spell Secondary Active Fire Spell. The Active Fire created would be called Secondary Fire Elemental Life Form.Aise thought for a while. Then, he split a small part of his spiritual power and attached it to the spell model. He didn't rush to activate it. Instead, he continued to observe and think.Gradually, contract runes used for contract ceremonies began to appear. However, they were Soul Runes and couldn't be combined with the Secondary Spell Model to form a new spell model.Ace observed these soul runes and used his mind power to trace them. Gradually, degraded contract runes appeared. They were the secondary contract runes.Ace connected the contract rune group with a small piece of his power of the will and formed a complicated spell model. This spell model expressed the meaning of a master-slave contract, so Ace called it the Secondary Familiar Contract spell.This spell was equivalent to a simplified contract ceremony. If he wanted to form a stronger relationship, he would have to hold a corresponding contract ceremony.Ace flicked the ahoge on his head with all his might. Book Spirit Fuwa sat on his head with a thump and scratched its little head in confusion."Fuwa, I'll activate the spell model later. Try your best to record the changes in rhythm!"The two spell models began to overlap and nest. Then, they were activated by Aise's spiritual power. Bang!A fist-sized flame appeared out of thin air. The mysterious rhythm also disappeared in a flash. This time, Aise was prepared. Fuwa, who was sitting on his head, stood up and activated Search Perception, Understand the Unknown, and Deduce at the same time.

Pa ji, because Fuwa was too focused, he directly fell from Ace's head. His face was facing down, and it was extremely tragic.Aise covered his head and picked up Fuwa. He asked with an unfriendly expression, "How's the observation going?"Fuwa looked at Aise's gloomy face and trembled in pain. It said in a granny's voice, "I wanted to record a little, but after I accidentally fell, I forgot …"Aise heard this and frowned. He squeezed Fuwa hard. With the activation of Polymorph, Fuwa turned into a strand of ahoge. Aise put it back on top of his head.The newborn flame was very different. It was completely different from the previous inferior experimental products. After it was born in the air, it fell down like the other flames.However, it reacted instantly and activated its catapult ability in the air. It directly bounced up a short distance and stood upright.Aise looked at the small flame. With the contract formed by his spiritual power, the flame's telepathy with him was extremely strong. Through his spiritual sense, Aise drew a human-shaped flame in the flame's heart."Four limbs, head, body …"Under Aise's whispers, the flame's shape changed and slowly turned into a human-shaped flame.Then, Aise commanded the flame to jump and attack. The flame jumped in the extremely spacious room expanded by the Space Extension Rune. Through catapult, direct shot, projectile, and other forms, it burned the mana in its body and moved quickly throughout the room.Aise found that when it moved too quickly, it would turn back into a ball of flame. It needed to be hinted again to turn into a human-shaped flame. Aise stroked his chin and muttered to himself."Can't fix the form? If I want to fix the form, I should add a rune expression that can fix the form. There are no such runes in reality. If I want to fix the form, how can I do it? "