Report
                            
                            "Olli, you and Uncle Melancholy go first. I will take the rest of the children and escape. A true hero should not be afraid of difficulties. I am a knight, and the creed of courage will give me strength! "Arnaud's eyes were clear and firm as he spoke."Arnaud, your current strength is not enough to protect these children and safely leave the stronghold. You and Olli go to the assembly point. I will take these children and think of a way to leave. "Anzesta said."Uncle Melancholy …"Arnaud still wanted to say something, but was interrupted by Anzesta. "You are a knight with true heroic qualities. You must remember your promise! You promised to protect Olli. This is your responsibility. And I, too, promised to protect these children. As knights, fulfill your promises! "Arnaud was somewhat tongue-tied. He felt that this was somewhat wrong, but he could not refute it."I just had some enlightenment. I originally wanted to teach you in detail later, but now I can only let you experience it. You must remember this feeling. Inject the faith and will in your heart into your inherent magic, and then return it to your heart. This is Heartforce."Anzesta hugged Arnaud's heart with both hands, and used Heartforce to circulate from Arnaud's heart and return to the heart.Arnaud seemed to see a lone knight with a lance in his hand. Behind him were a crowd of people. There were slaves in simple clothes, freedmen with healthy faces, citizens, children, old people, women, and a group of apprentices in black robes.The knight stubbornly raised his lance and urged his mount to charge towards the army of demons, devils, and divine descendants.* Boom! *Arnaud felt as if he understood something, but also as if he did not understand anything."Remember it, Knight Arnaud! This power is called Heartforce. If we can leave the stronghold alive, remember to call me master! "Anzesta flung his wavy blonde hair and said with a sunny smile."We will definitely leave the stronghold alive. This is the knight's promise! Also, I don't want to call you master, Uncle Melancholy, "Arnaud said firmly to Anzesta, then made a funny face.The apprentices received the message one after another. Some of them set off immediately, while others, like Betty, took their families with them. However, the only one who could protect the strangers was Knight Anzesta.Anzesta looked at his cheap disciple who had been tricked away by him and let out a long sigh."Fortunately, Arnaud is rather stupid and was tricked by my promise. You're still young, Arnaud. There's a beautiful love and future waiting for you. You can't be in danger here. "

His eyes were resolute as he drew his sword."But I'm different. I should have died in that battle 10 years ago. Let me fulfill my promise as a knight and live like a real knight. Come on, this enemy is worth fighting!"With firm steps, he entered the orphanage and woke up a group of orphans. As a wandering knight who had traveled extensively, Anzesta's eloquence was not bad. He successfully tricked the children in the orphanage into escaping with him.On the other side, the Gray Believers gathered under the leadership of Alex Rona and prepared to attack the Descendants of God. All of this was seen by Dickens who had sneaked in quietly.Dickens trembled all over. He did not expect the leader of the Gray Believers to be Alex Rona, a descendant of the royal family. This was almost as shocking as the news of the Gray Believers sneaking into the stronghold.Many images flashed through his mind. His father and brothers were originally in the North. Only he was loved as a child. His family did everything they could to send him to the Royal City to be apprenticed to the great hero, Arnaud de Byrne, and learn exquisite martial arts.He still remembered his father's hopeful smile, his eldest brother's warm hand, and his second brother's complicated expression of envy and expectation. That was the last time he saw his family.Not long after arriving at the Royal City, he received a letter from the stronghold in the North. The Rona family was suddenly attacked by the Gray Believers, and his father and brothers were all dead.Dickens stared at Alex Rona. He opened his mouth and let out a silent roar. He did not move, like a corpse. He waited until the Gray Believers scattered to attack before quietly running to the residence of the great hero, Moore Rona.A graceful figure appeared from the darkness. Her every movement was full of charm. Looking at the departing Dickens, her red lips parted slightly."Little mouse, if I hadn't covered for you, with your level of hiding, Alex would have discovered you long ago. I was just worrying about how to let the Descendants of God know in advance, and you came. What a coincidence. "She stroked her white arm, the corners of her mouth rising into an ambiguous smile."It seems that someone else wants to be a fisherman. Who could it be?"Accompanied by a bell-like charming laughter, the graceful figure gradually disappeared.When Dickens arrived at the residence of the great hero, Moore Rona, he found that Kent Rona was also there."Lord Moore, Lord Kent. I just saw with my own eyes that the Gray Believers gathered on the Third Street and then went to attack all over the stronghold. "

As soon as Dickens arrived at the hall of Moore's residence, he immediately knelt down and shouted loudly."What! Are you sure your information is accurate? "Moore Rona immediately got up and walked to Dickens."I'm willing to guarantee it with my head. Also, I saw a secret that I want to report to you alone!"Dickens said with a resolute expression.Moore Rona listened, thought for a moment, and waved his hand to dismiss the others. Dickens stood up and leaned over."What! You said … "Moore Rona was shocked. Just as he was about to say the name, Dickens covered his mouth."Lord, I'm worried that he has eyes and ears here. We have to be careful."Moore Rona's face was almost the color of pig liver. He panted and said, "Organize the men and move immediately to his residence. Also, inform the entire stronghold to be on alert. Descendants of God, gather here! "Olli and Arnaud were still running quickly to the first alley near the South Gate. They had left earlier, and the relief center was not too far from the South Gate. Soon, they arrived nearby."Where's the apostle called Bayern?" Through the hint from the magic book, Arnaud knew that there was an apprentice among the people in front of him. Hence, he asked."You don't even know Black Cat Bayern? It's the one on the wall. " A muscular man holding a giant axe replied. The men and women around him were leaning close to him, as if they were his family."Hey, are you the apostle? When are we leaving the stronghold? "Arnaud jumped onto the wall and squatted in front of Black Cat Bayern and asked."There's still half an hour. I'll lead everyone at the gathering point to leave, including your family and friends." Bayern said anxiously."That means there's still time. Thank you, Black Cat!" Arnaud jumped down from the wall and ran to Olli's side."I'm going to meet up with Uncle Melancholy and the others. Knights not only have to keep their promises, I once swore to help my brothers and comrades and fight for the defenseless. I feel that now is the time. Olli, you'll support me, right? "Arnaud said to Olli with a serious face.