Report
                            
                            In this way, the nameless valley territory was officially named the Tower territory, the town under construction was named Luminous Town, and the nameless river that ran through the valley was named the Runguang River.Leon became the temporary chief administrative officer as he wished. His leadership experience and governance ability were indeed good. In just over two weeks, he had led the people to complete the reclamation work in the northern part of the settlement.The reclaimed land was far more than what was needed for 5,000 people, because Aise planned to conquer the barbarians in the central part of the Lal Mountains in batches next spring and move them here as slaves to enrich the population and serve as the cheapest labor force.Therefore, the reclamation work was the most important work, which was related to how much barley they could produce next year, and how much barley they could plunder to work for the territory.In addition to the reclamation work, Leon organized all the preparatory citizens to teach the barbarians the common language to speed up their assimilation.The barbarians looked no different from the people of civilized countries. They were the remains of the previous civilization. After the last apocalypse, their civilization disappeared and was scattered all over the New and Old Continents. Because there was no divine noble to lead them, they slowly became barbarians.Leon, who was directing the people to work on the construction of Luminous Town, said enthusiastically:"Everyone, do your best! Whichever team finishes first will be rewarded with meat! "At night, after two weeks of hard work, Aise had upgraded all the magic books and added functions similar to signal base stations while keeping the basic framework of the original magic books.The sixth page and spine of each magic book were replaced. The spine of the book was made from the horns of the three-horned bull, and the spine was replaced with a secondary magic stone with a better magic storage capacity and a larger capacity."The magic books are ready. Tomorrow, we can start a new round of experiments on the construction of the spiritual imprint network."Aise looked at all the upgraded magic books and said to the mirror image with emotion.At this time, the door of his mud house banged. The mirror image touched the "Glimmer" behind it and immediately transformed into Sharp's appearance."Your Excellency, I'm Leon. Please have an audience with me."Aise also found Leon outside the door through his insight. He transformed into Sharp's mirror image and went to open the door.After entering the mud house, Leon first apologized to Aise, then bowed to both Aise and the mirror image."Your Excellency, it's already so late. I'm sorry to disturb you, but I have some thoughts about the territory that I would like to report to you."

Ace smiled and said to Leon, "Don't worry."There's no need to be so polite. Come in and talk."Leon didn't restrain himself. After he came in, he said directly to Aise,"Sir, we have already reclaimed all the barley fields in the north of Yeguang Town. As long as we follow your 'Intensive Farming' guidance and do a good job of irrigation and composting, we should be able to guarantee a good harvest next year.But now there were a few problems.Firstly, we lack enough livestock such as pigs, horses, cows, sheep and other livestock. Secondly, we don't have enough plant seeds. Thirdly, we don't have slaves in our territory. The other residents need to be paid for their work. However, we didn't find any gold, silver, or precious metals in the northern mining area.Regarding our lack of precious metals that can be used as currency, I would like to ask if we can directly pay for daily necessities. "When Aise heard this, Leon should already have a plan in mind. He then asked Leon in depth. It turned out that Leon planned to gather the existing daily necessities and distribute them according to labor, temporarily replacing currency."In that case, it's better to directly implement the work point system. Every free person and probationary citizen will be paid work points for their work, which can be used to exchange for necessities such as clothing, food, shelter and transportation.Go back and make a list of the work points for different positions in detail. Wizard apprentices don't participate in work, but work points should be listed separately, which should be at a higher level.When we plunder slaves next year, we can try to implement the work point system among the slaves. By squeezing the slaves' labor, we can produce more production materials. However, we have to gradually turn the slaves into free people.As long as the slaves accumulate work points every year and exceed a certain amount, after a total of 20 years, they can become free people in the territory.Free people, probationary citizens, and citizens will gradually use magic stones as currency in the future. We will use magic stones produced by magic rituals to replace rare metals as the general equivalent. "After that, Aise and Leon chatted for a while to discuss the livestock and seeds. Aise planned to cut wood and build ships next year, organize caravans, disguise as pirates, and plunder people and supplies along the eastern coast of Salia. At the same time, he also planned to buy people and supplies.The leader of the caravan, Donna's father, Borg, was a good candidate.He had always been worried about his parents and relatives. When the construction here improved, he would try to sneak into the Royal City and contact his parents. Maybe he could create a scene of pirates attacking the manor and take everyone away.

While thinking, Aise's conversation with the temporary chief administrative officer, Leon, came to an end. He got up and sent Leon off.As soon as he left the room, Leon stepped on the gravel at the door with a bang and fell on his face again."Are you okay?"Aise was a little amused, but on the surface, he was worried and asked."I'm okay, Consul … Your Excellency, please believe me, I'm not usually like this, this … this is all an accident!"Leon seemed to have fallen on his waist again. He struggled to crawl, and on all fours, he explained as he left."What a hardworking and prideful person!"Aise looked at the chief administrative officer, Leon, who was crawling like a weirdo, and sighed in a low voice.Early in the morning, the sun rose as usual, and the sunlight shone on the city wall that was being built in the standard Medemus City-state style.For the construction and development of the entire town, Aise did not intervene too much. His focus was not here now. The research of the spiritual network and the possibility of life promotion made him obsessed.First, he let Leon develop according to the outline. Now, there was no need to make too many inventions and creations from his previous life, and there was no need to industrialize. As long as the population of the valley was stable, the town would be prosperous, and the infrastructure would be complete within five years.The "Five-Year Development Plan of Aise's Manor" given to Leon had summarized a lot of experience in the construction and development of farming, animal husbandry, artisanal workshops, residential areas, commercial areas, and roads. As long as Leon roughly followed the plan, there would not be too big of a problem.As for the general education school, Aise did not plan to build it immediately. He would wait until the town was basically built and everything was settled next year. Then, he would use the wizard apprentices he had taught for a year as teachers to educate the students of the general education school.All of this would take time, and now Aise was not short of time. He was only seventeen years old, so he could wait patiently for ten or even twenty years for all of this to come to fruition.After all, this was a supernatural world, and power was the foundation of everything. As long as he could achieve a leap in life level, he would have both time and power.While thinking, Aise dressed up neatly. He used a spell to create an ice crystal mirror. Looking at the handsome and strong young man in the mirror, he nodded with satisfaction.In the open space in the center of Yeguang Town, the apprentices had been waiting for a long time.