Report
                            
                            "So thirsty, Sita, bring me a glass of water."Aise murmured with a dry voice. It was quiet here. The bright moonlight shone through the branches of the forest. Wolf howls seemed to be coming from afar.Ace abruptly opened his eyes and felt his entire body aching. His black robe was already in tatters, and his silver badge was also damaged and no longer shone.He subconsciously touched the stomach pouch on his waist, and found that it was gone.Ace's consciousness began to wake up. He looked around and found that he was being grabbed by an unknown flying monster and was flying at high speed.He subconsciously activated Shadowform and turned into a shadow that wrapped around the monster. He also activated Perception to observe the surroundings."This is a forest, but not like the one in the Lar Mountain Range. There is no cold wind. The plants here are strange, and the monsters are also strange. What is this place?"Aise thought subconsciously. The monster that was wrapped by the shadow seemed to be unable to understand this phenomenon. It struggled hard, trying to get rid of the shadow.The moon gradually disappeared, and the sun rose. Somewhere along the river in the forest, Aise was gnawing on the flying monster that he had just roasted with the Four Elemental Rings spell."Crunchy, a bit like chicken. Too bad there are no delicious spices, so the effect of the ingredients can't be fully utilized."Ace muttered to himself as he gobbled down the food and drank the clear river water that had been boiled.He immersed his spirit into the Secret Chamber of Souls and summoned his true spirit. The entire Secret Chamber of Souls shook slightly, but it was basically intact."It seems that the space created by the Space Extension Rune Circle is not stable. This kind of unstable space will break during a space jump, which will affect the stability of the teleportation. In the end, there will be turbulent teleportation. That should be how I was teleported to this place.It's good enough that I was teleported to a suitable place for survival. It's just a pity that I lost my bag of elemental casting materials, especially the stable Magic Yellow Powder. It's not easy to make them. "Aise analyzed the situation while eating the roasted meat. At the same time, he was pained by the loss of his casting materials.After Aise ate his fill, he inspected the surroundings carefully. After he ascertained that there were no problems, he carved a simple Summoning Spell Formation and summoned his Shadow Ravens.Although he could communicate briefly with his rational avatar through his true spirit, he could only vaguely tell that this place was in the north of the Tower's territory. He could not determine the specific location.

"I have to investigate. As long as I follow the river, I'll definitely reach a place with people. At that time, I'll have to change my clothes to avoid being exposed."With Low Altitude Flight, Aise could move at high speed and leave this stretch of forest in a day, but he didn't.Flying quickly at a low altitude also meant that the probability of being discovered would be greatly increased. Ace chose to follow his heart and used Perception, carefully walking along the river. The shadow crows in his shadow were disturbed, fluttering out of his shadow and lurking in the corners around him.Aise was very cautious. He had just become a level 1 life form. Although he had many methods, in this unknown place, he lacked the necessary information. If he was careless, he might lose his life.Four days later, it was noon. The winter sun warmed the earth.Aise's face was a bit serious. He used Ultrasonic Perception and found a group of people ten kilometers away. Out of caution, Aise activated "Limited Mirror Image".The vitality magic in the Secret Chamber of Souls pulsed and gradually formed a clear mirror in front of him. Along with the rippling of the mirror, a mirror image identical to Aise walked out of the mirror.Aise engraved a Summoning Rune Circle on the mirror image. If necessary, he could switch positions.The mirror image turned into an owl. It activated Magic Camouflage and flew into the air, slowly approaching the group of people.Aise followed it and gradually saw the situation of the group of people.It was more accurate to say that they were a group of Deities than humans. In his vision, Aise found one dark red figure, two light red figures, and thirteen bright white figures."One Great Hero, two Great Heroes, and thirteen similar Great Heroes. Such a force is very powerful even in the City-state. What do they want to do?" Aise thought solemnly.As the mirror image approached, the figures of the Deities gradually became clear. Pure black clothes, bare feet, iron masks, and huge scythes on their backs.Aise's pupils suddenly shrank. This outfit, the standard oddities, it was the Punisher Organization!The Great Hero in the lead seemed to inadvertently glance at the sky. That moment of eye contact made the mirror image a bit creepy. Aise's body suddenly palpitated."Oh no, I've been discovered!"Aise was a bit shocked. This person who seemed to be at the Great Hero level actually saw through Magic Camouflage. In the distance, Aise's body's ahoge shook and activated a concealment ability similar to the rule.The Great Hero pulled out a huge scythe from his back, bent his body into a bow, and threw the huge scythe into the sky.

These three actions were completed in a breath's time. The mirror image in the sky didn't even have time to react before it was sliced into a hundred pieces by the huge scythe.Aise only had time to order the True Soul Shadow in the mirror image to dissipate on its own before he sensed that the mirror image had been shattered."Eh?"The Great Punisher Hero exclaimed in puzzlement. After the Night Owl in the sky was sliced into a hundred pieces, it immediately dissipated into magic power and dissipated in the air.The Great Hero's cold eyes stared at the sky through the iron mask. Then, he suddenly looked around. A blinding light erupted from his cold eyes as he scanned his surroundings.Aise had already transformed into a shadow. Without any superfluous actions, he activated all his concealment effects.After a long while, the blinding light disappeared. The Great Hero snorted coldly as though he was thinking about something."Lord Karim, did something happen?"A purple-haired male Punisher behind the Great Hero asked after bowing slightly.Karim said coldly, "Loen, someone is spying on us. I killed the spy who was very close to us, but there was no corpse or soul. The Delusion-breaker Eye didn't find anything either.Perhaps it's a new trick of the Fire Thieves Alliance. We may have been discovered. We have to move immediately. The mission to search for the Fire Thieves will be postponed. "Purple-haired Loen replied, "These despicable blasphemers have a new way of blasphemy!"They didn't dare to stay for long. It seemed that they had learned a painful lesson. Under Karim's command, several Heroes with perception activated their powers of perception and evacuated in an orderly manner.Aise didn't dare to move. He wasn't sure about the concealment effect of the Book Spirit. After seeing the Heroes release their powers of perception, he almost wanted to flee.However, he still controlled himself and suppressed this impulse. After all, this was an ability that could conceal a Wizard's subconscious. It should be difficult for the Deities on the other side to discover it.It turned out that suppressing the impulse was the right thing to do. The Deities on the other side were busy retreating. They were sensing the escape route and trying to avoid possible ambushes.After confirming that the Deities had escaped, Aise didn't think of following them. The Great Hero who could see through the magic concealment at a glance could definitely kill him. How stupid would it be to follow them?Aise, who followed his heart, didn't hesitate to choose the opposite direction and leave.Both sides were frightened by the encounter, and in the end, both sides retreated cautiously.


                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login