Report
                            
                            Last night, they had received a notification from Bayern that their magic books had finally been successfully upgraded. They were going to take back their magic books."Without the magic books, I can't even cast spells now. I only have the power of the Will. I have to draw the spell model in the air several times before I can barely meditate.""You rely too much on the magic books. Lord Firebringer said that knowledge is power. You have to remember the power in your mind and use it flexibly.""I feel that after leaving the magic books this time, I realized that I relied too much on them. Can a Sorcerer-Apprentice who can't cast spells without a magic book be considered a real Sorcerer-Apprentice? We have to cram in practice! ""Look at Iron Fist Dana! She doesn't even need a magic book and can still skillfully meditate and use all kinds of magic crystal shaping spells. She's simply a role model for us Sorcerer-Apprentices! ""Too violent. I think Sorcerer-Apprentices should be more graceful."Just as they were discussing heatedly, Aise summoned a huge Spellhand and raised everyone's magic books.As soon as Aise arrived at the square, the huge Spellhand left and split into countless small Spellhands, each holding a magic book.Aise used Insight Perception to confirm the mental waves of each Sorcerer-Apprentice and matched them with the mental imprint in the magic books. Soon, the magic books were distributed.Aise saw that after each Sorcerer-Apprentice received their magic books, he used the soul spell "Magic Sense Search" to carefully observe each Sorcerer-Apprentice. This spell was the fusion of the original "Sense Search" and "Magic Sense Sensitivity" spells. Using the search rune and the magic sense rune as the core, he could more accurately determine the strength level of each Sorcerer-Apprentice.Most of the Sorcerer-Apprentices had a white glow, some strong and some weak. Aise's own glow was already dazzling white, with a trace of faintly discernible red.After some observation, Aise confirmed that there were more than ninety Sorcerer-Apprentices. Thirteen of them had reached the level of an intermediate Sorcerer-Apprentice, including Bayern, Dana, Anzesta, Arnaud, Betty, and Carloso.Aise took into account that out of nearly six hundred apprentices who were on the path of a battle wizard, less than thirty of them had survived. In total, there were more than seven hundred people. In two years, thirteen intermediate wizard apprentices had been produced. Aise didn't know whether this was good or not. He needed more reference to evaluate.From now on, he needed to constantly observe and guide every single apprentice. Other than teaching according to their aptitude, he also needed to promote the most outstanding talents to become the magic teachers of the Wizard Tower School in the future. This would liberate him from the heavy teaching work in the future.

He looked at his apprentices as if they were seeing an old friend, repeatedly reading the upgraded and improved magic book. He asked, "My apprentices, the magic book is finally back in your hands. How do you feel?""It feels like I've been reborn!""I can finally use magic again!""Am I relying too much on magic books?"… …Aise listened to the discussions of the apprentices. He had long since noticed that the apprentices relied too much on magic books. Because their functions were too powerful, they didn't need to spend too much effort to memorize runes and spell types.Once they lost their magic books, they were only beginner and intermediate apprentices. Many of them simply couldn't cast spells quickly. In battle, this was undoubtedly the difference between life and death.It seemed that he would have to start a combat class for apprentices in the future.While thinking, Aise said solemnly,"Magic books are indeed very important magic tools and reliable companions. They record almost all of our knowledge and experience.However, we can't completely rely on magic books. Some apprentices who lose their magic books find that they can't even remember runes and can't cast spells. This is a very frightening thing.If in a battle, you can't open your magic book in time, doesn't that mean you've completely lost the ability to resist? "The apprentices in the open space listened to Aise's serious words and couldn't help but reflect on whether they relied too much on external objects.Aise waited for a while. Seeing that the apprentices were deep in thought, he continued, "We have a principle."We sorcerers adhere to a principle. All power comes from knowledge, and knowledge is our greatest power.You can use a tool like a spellbook to assist yourself because it is a product of knowledge and represents power.However, you can't completely rely on them. You must firmly grasp the knowledge. Whether you have magic books or not, you must remember the composition, classification, and meaning of every rune you know. You must also be able to cast spells skillfully!Today, we'll go to the forest in the west of our territory to conduct another overclocking experiment. After the experiment, I'll start a systematic magic course in the near future. "With that, Ace led a group of apprentices to the forest in the west. Sharp, who was his mirror image, had already prepared an open space and a carpet that could transform with spells to drive away the demons nearby.They would begin the second experiment of the mental network connection there to explore the mysteries of collective consciousness and the path of evolution for Aise's life.

The group soon arrived at the forest in the west. The forest in the early morning was shrouded in mist and was a little moist. Occasionally, birds would fly by and break the rare tranquility.They stopped at the open space. Aise's mirror image was already waiting for them.The apprentices all recognized that it was the mysterious person who lived in the same room as Aise. Since the mysterious person was always cold and distant, the apprentices didn't know anything about him.Aise asked them to sit on the carpet. He was not in a hurry to start the mental network connection. He directly told the apprentices."We're going to perform three mental network connections with different prerequisites, which are to be fully awake, half-asleep, and completely asleep, to complete the mental network connection.We'll use the method of categorizing prerequisites to determine if the three prerequisites have any effect on the mental network connection.If they do, the effects of the three connections will be different. At this time, we need to evaluate the effects and choose the most suitable one for the next experiment.If they don't, it means that they are not prerequisites. We may need to experiment with new prerequisites, or we can just skip the prerequisites and start the next experiment.The purpose of this experiment is to determine the effects of the three states on the mental network connection. Therefore, apart from the three states, the other conditions must be fixed. "Aise explained the main points of the experiment in detail to the apprentices while organizing them to get ready.In the design of this experiment, Aise was going to do qualitative research first to determine the similarities and differences of the three states. Then, he would do quantitative research to determine the most suitable number of apprentices and the quality of the apprentices.Aise believed that conditions such as time, climate, and environment would have little effect and could be experimented later. However, the mana environment might have an effect. That would be a later experiment.Regarding the mental network connection experiment, it was impossible to get results in just a few tries. It would definitely be a long and continuous process.Aise used the soul spell "Hint" to stimulate the mental state of the apprentices, making them extremely clear-headed and calm.After that, Aise waited quietly and slowly removed the Hint effect. He found that the apprentices had maintained their basic level of clear-headedness and calmness for a long time. They opened the magic book together, turned to the second page, and pressed hard on the mental imprint.Buzz!