Report
                            
                            A bloodthirsty and violent emotion rushed from the soles of his feet to the back of his head. Aise instantly felt like he wanted to tear everything apart. At this moment, the six-pointed star badge on his chest emitted a soft golden light.The sudden change in emotion triggered the emotional threshold of the badge. The permanent effect of the soul spell, Mechanized Mind, was instantly activated. Aise felt as if he was doused with cold water. The red light in his eyes instantly dissipated and he regained his consciousness.The golden pseudo-heartforce continued to operate and guided Aise's emotions in a positive direction, dispelling the negative influence and strengthening his will.The golden pseudo-heartforce shrouded Aise's head and blocked the influence of unknown external forces on him. This was the so-called spiritual seal. This method could block the influence of external forces on the spiritual space, but correspondingly, one's spiritual power could not sense the outside world.After regaining his consciousness, Aise began to ruthlessly kill and clean up the monsters in the port area.He thought to himself, "I can be sure that the power of the abyss has affected this land and made all the monsters go crazy. I wonder how Luminous City is doing."Aise organized the wizard apprentices to clean up the monsters in the periphery of the port area. Relying on the wall of the port area, they settled the people and things on the ships in the port area at night. Then, he activated the magic book and contacted the mirror image. Words appeared on the last page of Aise's magic book."Main body, according to my visit, this monster riot is called the Demonic Wave by the locals. It will reach its climax on the night of the waning moon and then end.According to the research on the monsters and humans during this period, I can confirm that this influence should come from some kind of abyss. I speculate that it is the influence of the head and flesh of the legendary terrifying demon buried here.We have already repelled a large-scale attack by the monsters. I suggest that you bring everyone and supplies to Luminous City as soon as possible. I will send Anzesta to lead the gun team to meet you. "The next day, Aise led everyone to wait for the arrival of the gun team.Orderly footsteps gradually came from the paved road. After about 15 minutes, Anzesta rode a horse and led the entire gun team to the port area."Knight Anzesta, leading two hundred musketeers and three hundred musketeers to escort you. Please inspect us, Lord Consul!"When Anzesta saw Aise from afar, he trotted towards Aise and said loudly.Aise nodded and gave them a few words of encouragement before organizing the migration.Along the way, there were 200 soldiers with guns leading the way, 300 soldiers with guns protecting the flanks, and 50 sorcerer-apprentices at the back. Although it was inevitable that some demons would attack them and cause some casualties, they were lucky that they did not encounter a large group of demons and successfully arrived at the Luminous City.

After a simple welcoming ceremony, Aise announced their treatment to the anxious slaves of the manor."You have all faithfully worked for me in the manor of Aise for many years. You are my first batch of 'subjects'. We have arrived at the territory of the wizard tower. Here, you are no longer slaves, but free citizens of the wizard tower."Aise stopped and several officials of the office of the wizard tower territory began to explain to them the rights, status, and promotion channels of the free citizens of the wizard tower territory. Looking at the somewhat calm crowd, Aise revealed a smile.He no longer needed to use the form of slavery to maintain his authority over the manor's residents. In the wizard tower territory, he was the founder of the city, the lifelong consul, and the mentor of the wizards. He had natural and legal authority.As long as these people lived in the system he established, they would naturally be ruled by him.After that, Aise pressed his hands a few times, and a powerful power of the will swept across. Everyone involuntarily quieted down, and he said:"The stewards of the manor office have contributed a lot to the prosperity of our manor. It is under their orderly management that my will is correctly carried out, and we can bring so many materials to the wizard tower.Therefore, the people of the manor office will be promoted to probationary citizens and be enriched to work in the wizard tower territory's government office. "After that, Aise introduced Kelson to Leon and appointed Kelson as the second government official. At the same time, he removed the "temporary" from Leon's head and appointed him as the official chief government official.Looking at the two smiling people, Aise gave them a few words of encouragement and let them discuss the integration of the new residents on their own.In the magic school castle, Aise and Mirror Image organized the apprentices to smelt high-carbon steel and make rifled gun barrels and rifled cannon barrels.Bayern bowed 35 degrees to Aise, and then said calmly with a hint of seriousness:"The apprentices are our important research seeds and teacher seeds. Although they should experience some battles, we must try to avoid unnecessary losses in the early stages.There are still 15 days before the moon. We need to mass produce flintlocks and cannons. In a short period of time, all the citizens are soldiers to guard against the magic wave riots on the night of the moon! "Aise nodded and said to Bayern:"Apart from that, we have to find a way to prevent everyone from being affected by the tyrannical whispers during the demonic wave. I already have a plan for that. The knights' heartforce is extremely effective in resisting external spiritual influence. I'll use their heartforce to cast a spiritual seal spell on everyone."

Aise did not explain the matter of the mental strength simulation. As it was his personal research, it was not appropriate to disclose it to others.At the same time, Aise ordered Anzesta to arrange for the flintlock team and the militia to go out of the city and clean up the small groups of magic beasts wandering around nearby to reduce the pressure on the night of the moon as much as possible.Carlo was promoted to captain of the ten-man team because of his excellent performance in several battles, but he was not happy because he was a captain of the militia."Actions must be standard. Every step must become a habit for you. Bite the powder pack, pour the powder, tamp the rod, put in the lead bullet, tamp the rod, and pour the loose gunpowder into the medicine pool at the back. Finally, aim at the magic beasts and pull the trigger! "Carlo shouted out the steps of using the rifled flintlock gun with great proficiency, instructing the militia to constantly practice. The militia was different from the flintlock team. They had much less ammunition and fewer cannons. Everything had to be used sparingly.Suddenly, the urgent sound of a horn sounded.Carlo skillfully bit open the fixed gunpowder pack and followed the captain's command. He led the militia to turn around, load the ammunition, and shoot at the ordinary low-level magic beasts running from the west.At the same time, the horse-drawn cannons were fixed and began to fire at the magic beasts.According to the firepower test, as long as the flintlock hit the head, heart, or neck of the low-level magic beasts, it would be able to kill them smoothly. Even if it did not hit the vital parts, it could still make them lose their resistance.However, the flintlock could not seriously injure the powerful low-level magic beasts. The only way to deal with them was to use the rifled cannons. As long as the powerful low-level magic beasts were hit or grazed by the cannons, they would die or be seriously injured on the spot.While the soldiers and militia were killing the magic beasts in the vicinity, a large number of guns and cannons had been manufactured and quickly distributed to the people to defend against the coming night of the waning moon.Every flintlock had a number that corresponded to each person, so that they could be stored in the warehouse after the night of the waning moon.In the fountain square in the center of the Luminous City, the wizard apprentices were carefully drawing runic circles and connecting them through magic patterns. This was a large compound magic circle that could accommodate five hundred people at a time.

Time passed by, and in the blink of an eye, the waning moon was about to arrive. All the flintlock team and militia had returned to the city and were stationed at the city wall.The magic circle was finally completed. The runic circle was also a compound one. It mainly consisted of two aspects: the constant secondary mechanized mind effect and the constant spiritual seal effect.At this time, Aise was not idle. He prepared a large number of magic glycerin tubes and put them in his stomach bag, making the necessary preparations.Aise, Anzesta, and Arnaud injected the simulated mental force and mental force into the tubes as seeds. After that, they placed the magic stones at the bottom of the magic school's castle that were made of pure magic that was converted from the active fire elemental magic in the underground magma.This time, the large magic circle used up almost all the magic stones produced by the magic stone conversion circle of the magic school. Aise watched as the wizard apprentices and citizens stood on the magic circle and activated it. With the rhythm of magic and the setting sun, the sky turned dark.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login