Report
                            
                            "So, you believe in pain too. Those trembling rats are the source of your pain? Let me destroy them and relieve you of this sad cycle! "Ambrio ignored the two who were surrounded by the dark figures and went straight to the fifteen children in the workhouse.On the other side, Dickens followed the great hero Moore Rona and brought a team of similar heroes to Alex's mansion."Report! The mansion is empty. ""Report! I used my power to sense. There is a faint smell of the Abyss in the mansion. "Moore Rona used his hand to touch the ice crystal dagger hanging from the left side of his waist. The cool chill caused his anger to be slightly suppressed."Return to my mansion. The demigods should have gathered. No matter what Alex's scheme is, as long as we defend until dawn, the power of the shadows will be greatly weakened. At that time, we can easily destroy their scheme!"Moore Rona thought for a moment and quickly made a decision.They quickly returned to Moore Rona's mansion. After a while, something seemed to surge out of the darkness in Alex's mansion."I was discovered by that old guy Moore?""It doesn't matter. After tonight, the projection of the great Lord of Darkness, Dirk Bach, will descend. This place will be transformed into a projection of the Abyss. I will obtain achievements comparable to Arathon. I will successfully please the Abyss and completely become a great demon!"Accompanied by Alex's whisper, there seemed to be countless figures wriggling and wailing in the shadows behind him."Gather everyone. We will attack Moore's mansion directly. He must have gathered everyone there."Alex ordered."Great leader, although the night can strengthen our strength, even with the projection of the great demon, our strength is inferior to the fortress army. This is no different from hitting a rock with an egg!"A hooded priest heard the order and suggested in a low voice."Hehehe, what you said makes sense. Come closer."The hooded priest heard Alex's words and smiled. He showed his determination and wisdom in front of Lord Alex. He could definitely …Puchi!The power of the shadows passed through his chest. Black blood spread and quickly engulfed him. He could not resist or question.Alex looked at the soul of the hooded priest twisting. The darkness behind him instantly spread and engulfed the twisted soul. The soul let out a silent wail."I want to gather all the believers to attack Moore's mansion. Who agrees and who disagrees?"

Alex looked at everyone and said with a playful tone."We will follow your will!"The hooded priests prostrated themselves on the ground. No one dared to object.On Anzesta and Arnaud's side, Ambrio was rushing to the children of the workhouse. Suddenly, something wriggled in the shadows and appeared, handing him a letter.He reached for the letter and destroyed it with the power of the shadows."Unfortunately, I can't relieve the source of your pain. But don't worry, we'll meet again next time. At that time, I'll completely free you from your pain.""Well then, ladies and gentlemen, please forgive me for taking my leave!"Ambrio returned to his human form, bowed gracefully, and slowly sank into the shadows.Ancestor and Arnold looked at each other in bewilderment. With confusion and relief, they led the people of the relief center to escape quickly.Ambrio!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ambrio!!!!! Ambrio!!!!!! Ambrio!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"Ambrio, you are now a qualified Gray Priestess. But aren't you afraid that your true identity will be discovered while wearing the Mask of Pain? ""Hehe, Honorable Demoness, who can tell if you don't say it?"Ambrio's distorted Mask of Pain disappeared, revealing an empty black hole facing the Demoness."Quickly put on that priestess's skin. Don't you think it's rude to face a virtuous lady like this?"The Demoness seemed to be disgusted. She covered her eyes and spoke with her lips slightly parted, as if she was rebuking a lover."As you wish, Demoness."A pale human face gradually appeared in the black hole under the hood. It had a hooked nose and looked somewhat sinister."I'm just reminding you not to stand in the center of the stage. The exciting show is about to begin, and the extras in the center of the stage will be the first to leave. I'll leave first and watch your performance from the audience. "Accompanied by her enchanting voice, the witch's graceful figure disappeared without a trace.Ambrio, who was bowing, stood up straight. A sickly smile appeared under his sinister pale face.In Moore's mansion, the Protoss Heroes, Quasi Heroes, and God's Missionaries gathered. There were nearly a hundred of them, and they were discussing anxiously."Where's Army Commander Moore? Why haven't I seen him yet? ""Deputy Army Commander Alex didn't come either!""Something big must have happened for us to gather here in the middle of the night."

"On my way here, I was attacked by a few shadows of the Gray Believers. They seemed to have infiltrated the fortress.""It's very likely that I was attacked too! Damn the Gray Believers. "Just as everyone was discussing, Alex walked out of the shadows in his military uniform.The mirror image of Aise, who had transformed into an eagle, flew to a distance to observe. With the help of the ahoge on top of his head, it was difficult for the people in the battle to discover his existence.His eyes had been strengthened to the limit, and he could observe everything that was about to happen. The book spirit's ahoge swayed on top of the eagle's head, ready to record in real-time.Alex walked slowly toward the crowd. Many Protoss Nobles were already greeting him loudly. No one saw the slight smile on his lips and the playful smile in his eyes.Kent Rona gave a few Heroes a look and stepped forward together.Moore Rona had given Kent a secret order before he left. Once Alex was discovered, he was to immediately organize a few other Heroes to capture him and try to sneak up on him as quietly as possible.The two smiled as they approached. Just as they were about to embrace each other, they both exploded!The temperature instantly dropped to the extreme. Countless ice crystals appeared on the ground, and several Heroes of the Rona Family emerged from the ice crystals."Use combination martial arts, Thousand Ice Chains!"Following Kent Rona's roar, they each condensed their powers into ice crystal chains. With extreme coldness and bone-piercing sharpness, they charged toward Alex Rona.Alex's expression did not change. He looked at the hundreds of ice crystal chains charging toward him with a contemptuous smile."I'm also a member of the Rona Family. Don't you think you're underestimating me by using this against me?"Crack!Crack!Dozens of ice mirror walls appeared around Alex, blocking the attack of the chains. The dark shadow behind him wriggled, and countless black shadows flew toward the ice mirror walls and merged with them.Alex's reflection appeared on every ice mirror. They smiled strangely and walked out of the ice mirrors to attack the Heroes.Aise the Eagle's gaze did not change. The book spirit's ahoge swayed crazily.This was all knowledge, Hero level martial arts and powers. Although he could not peek into the runic structure of all of them, as long as he could record a little, it would be a huge gain. It was time to pull chestnuts out of the fire!

"What's this?" A Hero was injured by the ice of Alex's reflection. Black flames appeared on the wound, burning his body."Be careful. These strange reflections not only have the ancestral god's frost power, but also the evil dark power."Another hero shouted loudly.