Report
                            
                            At night, near an uninhabited island fifty nautical miles southeast of the coast of Pontos, east of the town of Des, Aise stood on top of the main mast of the magic ketch and activated the soul spell Ultrasonic Search and Perception.The perception level of this spell was not as fine as Insight, but it had the advantage of covering a large area and casting distance.In the black and white vision, Aise's mental power swept across the island, the nearby sea, and the coast of the town of Des. The coast and island at night were very calm. There were no abnormalities or dangers.After repeated confirmation, Aise ordered the other five ketch kettles to follow the Knowledge Seeker to the island through the magic book. Not long after.The fleet of six ketch kettles had already sailed into the harbor of the island.The dilapidated wooden lighthouse still stood beside the harbor of the island, letting the wind and rain blow. After sailing for nearly half a month, the crew of the ordinary kettles were especially eager to land. As the fleet approached the shore, they went ashore in an orderly manner under the leadership of their respective captains and with gun-toting sailors as the vanguard.The apprentices on the Knowledge Seeker lived a comfortable life, but they had not gone ashore for many days. Many of them wanted to visit the island.Betty, Donna, and Paulina went ashore, talking and laughing. Carloso, who was following behind them, was a little surprised. He could not help but ask Lou Xilu, "Since when did Paulina have such a good relationship with the robot girl?"Lou Xilu smiled mysteriously and said in a low voice, "Because of the charm of knowledge."As the apprentices went ashore one after another, the sailors cleaned up the dilapidated pirate stronghold and the group settled down here.Ace found Dana and handed her a sparkling bead. He said to her, "Don't worry."I'm going to the town of Des to gather information. This is a contract bead with first-class authority on the magic ship. When you hold it, you can communicate with the magic ship through telepathy and command the Knowledge Seeker. Hide well. If there are any changes, contact me through the magic book. After I've investigated the situation, I'll contact you through the magic book. "Dana nodded solemnly at first, then said with some hesitation, "Master Aise, please be careful. If possible, I want to take my family with me. I want them to live under the glory of magic. "Aise was stunned at first, then he smiled and said, "If the situation permits, I will bring your family to reunite with you this time."After saying that, Aise activated the "Blink Flash" in his soul space. He spread his crystal wings in the air and glided in the direction of the town of Des.

Dana watched as Aise quickly turned into a small dot in the sky. She looked at him expectantly and worriedly for a while, then she turned around and gathered all the apprentices. The conditions on the shore were still a little worse than the magic ship. Other than a few apprentices who stayed behind to guard, most of the apprentices had to return to the magic ship to rest.Inside Bo Lina's room on the fourth floor of the magic ship, she was wearing loose pajamas as she sat on the edge of the bed. Her delicate face was filled with concentration."Secondary Mana # 5 + Six Support Runes + Secondary Earth Elemental # 2 + Secondary Hardness # 6 + Secondary Composition Conversion # 3 + Secondary Shaping # 2." As Borina mumbled, sparkling secondary runes appeared in front of her. She frowned and tried to assemble the runes.Bang!The combination failed. The incomplete spell model in front of Polina caused a small explosion in the chaotic magic power around her.Bo Lina hurriedly jumped and narrowly avoided the explosion.She looked at the burnt wooden floor and her face was a little depressed. The magic on the wooden floor pulsed, then it kept squirming and growing. Soon, it was as good as new."When can I be like Mr. Aise and create such a huge and delicate magic creature? I can't even create a secondary earth elemental now. How can I do this? "She gritted her teeth and began to experiment with the spell model again.In the room diagonally across from her, Betty was casting her improved activation spell, Secondary Iron Elemental Activation, on a piece of enchanted iron the size of a human face.The piece of iron was transformed by magic, and a rune core was formed inside. Its whole body began to change shape like a fluid.Not long after, a squarish iron cube appeared. Kacha, kacha, arms and legs stretched out.Betty tested the status of the iron elemental and found that although it had hands and feet, it did not have the intelligence and flexibility of the wooden people on the magic ship.Betty looked at the dumbfounded secondary iron elemental and couldn't help but give it a kick. Clang!The iron elemental with the secondary strengthening rune was really tough. Betty hugged her little foot and rolled around on the bed in pain. The secondary iron elemental touched where it was kicked foolishly."Aaaaaah! Why did I create such an idiotic living thing? It's a living retard! "Just as Betty was rolling around, Aise had already arrived in the air above Daes. The night there was quiet. He circled around in the air a few times before flying in a familiar direction.

In the backyard of Shiksan's clinic, the famous doctor of Daes, Shiksan, was sleeping soundly on his bed. A copy of New Medicine lay beside his bed.Aise transformed into a thin sheet and slowly passed through the gap in the door. He then transformed back into his own form and walked to Shiksan's bed. The runes in his eyes flickered as he cast Charm.In the darkness, the runes slowly crawled to the back of Shiksan's head. He opened his eyes blankly and looked at the black-robed Aise in the darkness.After a long while, Aise used the improved Hammer of Oblivion to hit Shiksan three times. The power was enough to make him forget all his memories for a day and suffer from nausea, dizziness and memory loss for a year.In comparison, Aise did not kill him to keep the secret. He was already being merciful.After that, Aise went to the residence of a few other citizens in Daes and a divine descendant to confirm the recent changes in the City-state."Athena was actually blessed by a god and killed the projection of the abyss lord with the Son of the Sea. The Tsmali region also received the goddess' permission to become completely independent and establish a City-state for the merfolk and half-merfolk.No wonder we all felt the whispers of the abyss when we escaped to Lar Mountain Range. It was the aftermath of the battle between the abyss lord and the two gods. Is this the power of a god-level existence?Even if it was just the aftermath, it almost made the apprentices go crazy. If the mirror clone had been a little slower in dealing with it, they might have all been wiped out. "Aise muttered to himself as he quietly avoided the sentries of Daes and left the place."Athena is heavily injured and unconscious. This result is reasonable. With the body of a great hero, how can there be no price to pay for using the power of a god? But this way, the upper echelons of the City-state will probably change. I wonder if it will affect my family and the manor. "Aise thought as he flew to Aise's manor in Bucko. He wanted to go there first to investigate the situation.On the other hand, in Aise's manor, Dean Medea had already taken over the place and was sleeping in the master bedroom.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login