Report
                            
                            Six strange runes with a golden luster flew into their hearts, quickly transforming them into a golden color.The three mortals didn't suffer any adverse effects. Instead, they became stronger under the transformation of their hearts.As for the other three who had reached the level of an apprentice, they experienced considerable discomfort. The one with the strongest mental power struggled and died in pain. Although the other two didn't die, their bodies were severely damaged.Aise continued to observe for a while and found that their hearts slowly returned to their original state. It seemed that the strange runes created by the pseudo-mental power couldn't be maintained for long.Ace opened his spellbook and wrote on the page of his magic diary:"This rune may need to be redefined. It is a compound rune. It is a single rune, but it has compound properties. At the same time, it is extremely exclusive and dangerous.This strange rune can produce a strange reaction with the heart, transforming it and instinctively rejecting all magic. After experiments, it is equivalent to a powerful curse on magical creatures.If it is used on humans with magic, it will have a similar effect. I don't know what effect it will have on heroes whose power originates from the heart.If it is given to mortals without magic, it can greatly stimulate their potential and strengthen their bodies. Although it will disappear in the end, the mortal's overall physical fitness will be greatly improved.This may be a way to train low-level extraordinary warriors in the future. Ordinary people who can't overclock their minds can be strengthened in batches with special runes, or even a way to permanently fix special runes.I call this special rune the Rune of Courage. Similar runes are the Rune of Compassion copied from Anzesta. They should belong to the Rune of Virtue group.This rune comes from a mental overclocker, from the fusion of magic and will, but it is extremely resistant to magic. Current knowledge can't explain it, but it can't be completely outside of magic. There must be some form of energy exchange with magic. "After recording all this, Aise threw himself into a new experiment.The Rune of Courage was constantly alternating between disappearing and appearing. After many experiments, Aise found that the moment the Rune of Courage disappeared, his mental power could absorb magic from the outside world.If the Meditation Rune was placed near the Courage Rune, as long as it disappeared, the mana absorbed by the Meditation Rune would converge with the Heart Force. At that time, as long as the Pseudo-Courage Willpower was injected, a new Pseudo-Courage Heart Force would be formed.The next day, Aise asked Anzesta and Arnaud to try to outline the rune structure of the meditation technique near their hearts. Then, they began to meditate according to his own experimental method. Sure enough, the meditation problem was solved.

Anzesta and Arnaud finally relaxed. Anzesta said to Aise excitedly and gratefully, "Thank you so much, Lord Fire Relayer. We can finally meditate again. "Aise looked at the two with a smile and said, "You don't have to thank me. I am the Knight's master. Naturally, I have the obligation to solve the problems of my loyal followers."After seeing the two off, Aise continued his experiments. His final goal was not yet complete. He needed to distinguish whether the resistance came from the Heart Force or the Virtue Rune, or whether it was affected by both.Then, Aise continued his experiments. He tried to use the Pseudo-Heart Force to directly draw the Rune of Will. He found that the Rune of Will was greatly strengthened. Of course, there was also a side effect, which was that it would explode with courage and become fearless.Aise used the Pseudo-Heart Force to strengthen the Will on the mirror image. He then used a charm spell to try to control the mirror image. After several failures, he succeeded.There was no doubt that the Rune of Will formed by the Pseudo-Heart Force could greatly resist mind control spells.He experimented with the three mortals who had been strengthened by the Pseudo-Heart Rune. He found that although they did not have Heart Force, the Pseudo-Heart Rune had modified their hearts, and mind control spells would also be greatly resisted by the Pseudo-Heart Rune.Aise recorded in his magic diary, "Regarding this research, we can draw several conclusions. First, the Pseudo-Heart Rune has the effect of dispelling Magic. Second, the Pseudo-Heart Force does not have the effect of dispelling Magic. The Pseudo-Heart Force can be combined with Magic and form new Heart Force by injecting Will. Third, both the Pseudo-Heart Rune and the Pseudo-Heart Force have strong mental resistance."Then, Aise tried the Pseudo-Pity Rune. Apart from the effect on the mind, the other effects were similar to the Courage Rune. He wrote another note in his magic diary."The conclusions of this research can be extended to the Pseudo-Pity Rune. It should also be able to be extended to all Virtue Runes."He closed the magic book in his hand in high spirits and rubbed the bottom of the book. Under the effect of Magic, the book turned into a puddle of liquid and crawled to Aise's left index finger, turning into a book-shaped ring.Aise stretched and turned to the mirror image who was "tidying up" the experiment subjects."We can try to use the Pseudo-Heart Force to directly copy the runic array of the magic item that resists whispering magic. The Pseudo-Heart Force is very effective and much safer than the Pseudo-Heart Rune."With the help of the Book Spirit, Aise successfully solved the problem of strengthening Will with the Pseudo-Heart Force based on the previous research results of the mirror image.

"The magic item we made should be easy to carry around at all times."The mirror image said to Aise while knocking on the enchanted iron with a hard magic crystal. After a while, he took out the base of a badge.Together with the mirror image, Aise began to enchant the badge.This kind of magic item was a personal item. Aise performed Magic Resonance on it at a special frequency. With the vibration and influx of the inherent Magic Power, the badge base began to be infected by Aise's Magic Power.The whole process lasted about an hour. The inherent Magic Power had completely infected the badge base. The whole base's Magic Power rhythm was very similar to Aise's, and it had Aise's personal mark.Aise created the Pseudo-Heart Force again. With the help of the Book Spirit, he used the Pseudo-Heart Force to inscribe a composite rune array composed of six single Soul Rune Arrays on the badge base. The core rune arrays were the Emotion Checking Rune Array and the Heart Charging Rune Array. The other four rune arrays were Mechanized Mind, Positive Thought Guidance, Will Strengthening and Mind Sealing.This badge could automatically suppress the emotional fluctuations when the emotional fluctuations reached a certain threshold. It could also strengthen the Will and seal the brain with the power of the Pseudo-Heart Force, blocking the influence of psychic supernatural powers.Ace fused the silver hexagram emblem on his chest with the faceless emblem, pinned it on his chest, and said to the mirror image, "I'm going to start inducing my emotions to fluctuate violently. Observe and record."After hearing the whispers with red eyes, Aise's Pseudo-Heart Force burst out from the badge on his chest and successfully guided him away from the influence of the whispers. After that, he confirmed that the badge was effective.At this point, the trouble caused by the whispers was finally contained.