Report
                            
                            "Immediately use the shadows to summon the Gray Priests of all the nodes. We can't wait any longer. Since the army has already discovered it, Moore Rona will definitely take action. We need to gather our men and strike first! "The hooded man in the main seat stood up abruptly, his voice slightly high."Alex Rona, are you going to attack your own kin again?"The seductive voice was far and near, as if she was caressing her lover's chest with her fingers. Her graceful figure was faintly discernible."Witch, what are you doing here again? Do you really think I can't kill you?"Alex lifted his hood abruptly, revealing his handsome face. However, the coldness and irritation caused his face to be slightly distorted."Ahhh, my dear Alex is angry. You're still blaming me. You should know that your father was willing to be killed by you, and you didn't hesitate either, did you? "Hearing the witch's mocking voice, Alex's expression became even more unfriendly."If you're here to mock me, then you've achieved your goal. I don't care what schemes you and the master behind you have. Once the Gray Darkness descends, all your tricks will be exposed by a powerful force. This place will be transformed into a projection of the Abyss, and you bitch, I'm going to transform you into the most lowly succubus! "Alex said as if he was crazy."Seeing that you're so motivated, I'm relieved. Hehehehe."The witch was not afraid of Alex's threat. Perhaps she came to provoke Alex. As the voice became far and near, the witch also gradually disappeared."Do you want to track her? Great leader! "The leader of the hooded men knelt on one knee and said."No need, she's too cunning. The ability bestowed upon her by the Demon Lord is also hard to grasp. If you don't have the confidence to kill her, don't touch her first."Alex said as he suppressed his anger.The hooded men chanted the language of the Abyss through the shadows, transmitting a signal. Soon, the priests of each node received the message from the shadows and immediately organized their men to attack the nobles in the fortress.They could not wait for the ritual to be completed. They would kill first, using the blood and soul of the noble god's descendant as a sacrifice to the great Gray Lord. Then, they would immediately start the incomplete ritual.Mirror image Aise peeked at the situation of the hoods and informed his original body of his speculations through the spellbook.Aise had already stored all the information he found in the underground magic lab in his magic book. After he received the information, he fixed the magic glycerin tubes in the lab and prepared to detonate the whole lab as soon as the apprentices left the fortress.

Then, he took the initiative to transform into an insect and flew away from the fortress before chaos broke out."If we want the apprentices to leave the stronghold in one piece, the more chaotic the situation, the better. The black and red colors that represent the Gray Believers are gathering. They are about to take action. I have to let the army know. "Mirror image Aise thought as he landed on the ground.He noticed that near the hospital, an old acquaintance, Dickens Rona, was leading a group of soldiers on night patrol.The night owl screeched, and the mirror image Aise cast the soul spell "Advanced Magic Trick".He used his mind to briefly communicate with Dickens.With a gesture, the Night Owl danced along with the magic power.Under the incantation, the owl chirped at a specific frequency.Boom! Dickens felt like his head had been hit by something. He looked around warily and suddenly heard a voice. "Darkness is coming. Believers will gather in the third street. Be on guard.""Who? Who's talking? "Dickens roared. The soldiers under his command looked at each other in dismay, but they didn't hear anything.Dickens asked a few soldiers and learned that he was the only one who heard the voice. He would rather believe it and let the others inform hero Kent Rona while he went to investigate."Inform Bayern immediately. The situation is urgent. Lead the apprentices to evacuate now."Mirror image Aise's transformed night owl looked at Dickens' back and thought. He then wrote a message through the spellbook and transmitted it to Bayern through the ahoge on his head.Bayern had just returned to his residence and was about to get York York the sluggard out of the cellar when the spellbook received a message from Aise.The situation has changed. The Gray Believers are likely to take action immediately and launch an evil ritual. Please organize the apprentices to evacuate the fortress immediately."The situation has changed. It's not that I don't want to let you go, but it might be more dangerous for you to come out now."Bayern put York York the sluggard back into the cellar and set up a rune array. Three days later, under the effect of magic power, the cellar would open up by itself."The rest depends on your fate, York York."Bayern took off his clothes and transformed into a black cat. He held the die in his mouth and quickly left.

Bayern the black cat did not immediately gather the apprentices to lead them. He stopped at a quiet place and moved the die. It emitted a five-colored light and finally pointed to a location."This location should be safe for the next two hours. Let's use it as the gathering point for the apprentices." Bayern quickly ran over. At the same time, he sent a message to all the apprentices in the fortress through the spellbook.All apprentices, the Gray Believers have sneaked into the fortress. A huge change is about to happen. Please gather at the first alley at the southern entrance of the fortress and listen to the guidance of the Fire Relayer Apostle Bayern. Please remember the fate of the apprentices outside the fortress. Be careful and do not be discovered by the army or the Gray Believers.Betty, who was at home with her Type 1 Experimental Apprentice, received the message. Her originally excited face immediately collapsed. She and Donna looked at each other and said, "We can't escape by ourselves. We have to bring my parents and your father with us.""Yes, but how to leave quickly is a problem," Donna replied."My Type 1 Experimental Apprentice can open its back. It can even fit three people. Your physical fitness has improved a lot. Run behind me. It's just that my father is a little stubborn. Knock him out first. "Betty said in a serious tone.After that, she quietly went downstairs and walked to the back of the Chief Administrative Officer who was quietly reading a book. She knocked him out with a knife in one hand and then brought her mother, who was a little panicked, to sit on the strange Type 1 Apprentice and leave together to look for Borg.In the fortress market, Borg looked at the two meter tall steampunk-style machine and his daughter who was running all the way. His heart was like countless salted fish."There's no time to explain, old man. Hurry up and get on the machine!"Donna grabbed Borg and threw him directly onto the platform of Betty's Type 1 Experimental Apprentice. Then, she used a strong rope to tie the three of them and quickly left.Outside the orphanage, Anzesta and the other two also received the message."Uncle Melancholy, we have to wake up the children in the orphanage. They will be in danger if they stay here!"Arnaud saw the message and said immediately."But Arnaud, I'm afraid they can't walk fast. It will be difficult for us to bring them away quickly. And the more people there are, the easier it will be for us to be discovered."

Olli said worriedly to Arnaud.