Report
                            
                            The waves that were hanging upside down in the sky gradually disappeared. Pontos had disappeared. The night had passed, and a new sun had just risen.Tydeus looked at the goddess and daughter in the sky with a complicated expression. He covered his chest and stood up slowly. His face was not looking good. As the representative of the City-state, although he did not get most of the power of the status, he had to withstand the backlash of the status change.Tydeus deeply understood that this was the reason why God used the blood descendants to rule the City-state. The power of the blood descendants came from God. They received God's grace and honor. When the backlash came, they were the first ones to be eroded by the backlash.Because everything, including bloodline, power, and status, came from God, the backlash that they suffered was also considered as the backlash that God suffered.The Gods of Caia, especially the King of Gods Cronus, were definitely geniuses. He led the Gods to avoid the whirlpool of faith, controlled the life and death of civilization, and summed up a set of safe methods for the new Gods to promote.Since then, the status of the Gods in the mortal world was high because they could block the disaster for the new Gods.As for the old Gods who did not need the Gods to block the disaster and could directly communicate with the Originator, they did not care about anything in the mortal world. Whether it was the City-state or the blood descendants, it was better if they were extinct.The Gods of bloodline would eventually walk the path of the source of bloodline. At the end of the path, only one existence could enjoy the supreme status in the field!Without the function of blocking the disaster, why would the Gods care about the Gods, just because they had their own bloodline?Why did the Gods attack the mortals and new Transcendents together? It was because the Gods were scared and envious!If the ancestors could communicate with the Originator stably, even if the rule of the Gods was overthrown, the Gods would not care. And all of this was the authority of the King of Gods and the Queen of Gods, new life and destruction, and eternal reincarnation.He did not show his inner thoughts too much. He actually knew everything. The abyss and the devils were not necessarily enemies!As the eldest grandson of Rhonamus, during the period of managing the City-state for the Son of God and the city builder, he already understood everything. Why did his father die early in his prime? The so-called curse of Kogen could only be used to deceive Athena.Why was the Son of God, Rhonamuth, safe and sound? Everything was because he had blocked the calamity. The Descendants of God and the Ancestor God did not have such a close and beautiful relationship as mortals imagined.

The Goddess of Elegance might really love her son, but she might not love her descendant. Tydeus watched as the Goddess who possessed Athena gracefully walked down from the air.Every time the golden-eyed Athena's snow-white bare feet took a step down, the dazzling holy light became gentler, and the elegant domain that shrouded the entire city also shrank a little. She walked to the side of the giant lion and stroked the regularized dimensional creature.The killer whale in the distance bowed to Golden-eyed Athena in a charmingly naive manner and then headed in the direction of Tsmali.Under the gaze of the golden-eyed Athena, the gray snake didn't dare to stay for long and quickly retreated to the north.The giant lion was like a naughty husky, rolling around Golden-eyed Athena up and down, releasing the power of the hypostasis to nourish and support her.As the red City-state hypostasis power poured into Athena's body and soul, she felt as if her soul was soaked in the legendary sea of origin. In a very short period of time, it was greatly strengthened.The golden color in her eyes gradually dissipated, and the projection of the Goddess returned the control of her body to her. The projection shrank into a divine imprint that appeared between her eyebrows, exuding a golden light.The giant lion seemed to have sensed the departure of the Goddess. After circling around Athena a few times in the sky, it disappeared.At this time, facing the rising sun, Athena touched the white robe and purple ribbon formed by divine power, walked barefoot onto the high platform, and bowed to her father.Tydeus bowed back. As a father, he could accept it calmly, but as a descendant of God, he had to salute the Ancestor God.Athena stretched out her white right hand and held her father's rough hand. Facing the crowd in the square, she said in a gentle voice, "The will of the Goddess, send troops to the north and purify the projection of the Abyss Lord Drucker Bach!"Her voice was gentle and firm. It wasn't very loud, but everyone in the square heard it very clearly.Tydeus covered his painful chest and took a few deep breaths. Then he raised Athena's right hand and roared with all his might:"I, Medemus, the King of the City-state, appoint Crown Princess Athena as a full military officer. She will have the right to mobilize all the forces of the City-state to form the Abyss Crusade Legion. We want revenge, we want to purify the north, this is the will of the Goddess! "The crowd in the square was silent at first, then they roared loudly."Revenge! Revenge! "A widow of God whose two husbands died in the hands of the Gray Believers had a red rope tied on her head. Her long blue hair fluttered in the wind. Although she was over 30 years old, she was still beautiful. She pulled out the strange short sword that her second husband gave her and shouted, "I want to join the army! I want to collect the debt from the devil! "

A young man of God, who looked about 15 or 16 years old, had thick eyebrows and big eyes. At this time, his eyes were cracking. His father and his brother were serving in the north and died in the night of the fortress."I, Yatho Rona, want revenge on Alex!"The young man's mother's hair turned white overnight. She held the young man's hand tightly in horror and said, "You can't go. You're the only one left in our family!"Yatho looked at his mother's weathered face and white hair. He said reluctantly but firmly, "If I don't go, how can I face my father in the underworld? Some things are fate, but more importantly, responsibility! ""Yatho, you can't go. You're the only male in your family. You have the responsibility to inherit the family. I'll take your place." A young man with a longbow on his back said to Yatho. He was also a member of the Rona family."Yes, son. That's a Lord of the Abyss, a Titled Devil. We can't beat him, we can't beat him at all. "The young man's mother muttered.The sorrowful Royal City began to lick its wounds like a fierce beast. The sad people gradually gathered. The atmosphere of the Royal City changed from sorrow and fear to anger and revenge!On the ground, the giant lion representing the City-state of Medemus and the killer whale representing the Newborn Murlocs of the City-state were working together to fight the gray snake. The war was getting closer and closer.A few days later, Athena led 15,000 people and hundreds of God's Descendants to the north in three directions. The main purpose of mortal soldiers was to enhance their status. The strength of the general leading them would be greatly increased.The middle of this army was led by Athena, who was possessed by the goddess. The left was led by Dickens, who held the Tribute of Frost. The right was led by the great hero Arnaud de Byrne.King Tydeus was in the Royal City, waiting for their triumphant return."God, God's Descendants, and City-state, when can we control our own destiny?"Tydeus murmured as he looked at the army in the distance. His expression was full of confusion and confusion.