Report
                            
                            Facing the afterglow of the setting sun, Ace stepped on the air cushion and floated in the air, looking down at everyone from above. Night was coming.At the foot of Mount Barr, a bonfire formed by fire elemental spells was crackling. The wizard apprentices and their friends and family were celebrating their survival. A few apprentices were on alert, and the whole pit was filled with a joyful atmosphere.A group of women were singing and dancing around the bonfire. Even Dana, who was recognized as a tough girl, was dancing exceptionally well. Aise smiled as he looked at everything in front of him. The joyful atmosphere reminded him of Tsmali's Bonfire Festival and the first time he was touched."Even if our Aise evolves into a collective life form, he is still a living human with flesh, thoughts, and feelings!""The invisible influence of the abyss will make the main body bloodthirsty and cruel. The main body will subconsciously give up feelings. However, the effect of darkness and mechanized mind can greatly suppress the influence of the abyss. But this is not a long-term solution.""I must find a way to achieve a new balance! I must evolve into a collective life form. I must become a collective life form, and I must become a human with humanity! "Just as the mirror image of Aise made up his mind, Aise finally arrived at a large valley in the east of Mount Lar. It was surrounded by mountains. In the middle of the valley, there was a river flowing into the Pontos Sea in the east.Because of the mountain range, the cold wind brought by the wind in the center of Mount Lar was blocked outside the mountain range. There was also a warm and humid sea breeze flowing in the direction of the river every summer, making this valley one of the few habitable places in Mount Lar.Aise climbed to the top of the mountain range next to the valley and killed a few low-level monsters. He closed his eyes and expanded his power of the will to the extreme!The soul spells "Magic Sensitivity", "Insight Perception", and "Search Perception" were activated one after another. His power of the will fanned out and rotated to scan the entire valley."There are a total of one large barbarian tribe and five ordinary barbarian tribes living in this valley. According to the life form detection, there are less than five thousand people. Among them, there are only three shamans with magic detection. Their strength is about the same as a beginner wizard apprentice. "The original Aise stood on top of the mountain range and looked down at the valley at night. It was quiet and beautiful."Then, tonight's theme is to conquer without shedding any blood!"A cold light flashed in his eyes. He leaped into the sky and activated the Blink Spell. The magic crystal was molded, and a pair of wings grew out of his back. He flew toward the largest tribe.

At the foot of Mount Ba Er, the night was getting darker. Everyone was tired of singing and dancing, so they sat down to rest.Mirror image Aise stood up and waved his hand to summon the gray robed Bayern. "Get all the apprentices here. I have something to say."The grey-robed Bayern nodded and left.Not long after, everyone sat in a circle around the bonfire. Mirror image Aise cast a spell and levitated above the bonfire, overlooking the group of apprentices.There are about ninety people. This is my future team, the kindling of magic.Aise thought as he looked at them."My Contractors, my Apprentice Sorcerers, my Apprentice Sorcerer. You should all know where we are going. We are going north, deep into the Lal Mountains.There are many monsters in the Lal Mountains. A large number of powerful low-level monsters live there. There are also many mid-level monsters. Why do we have to take such a big risk and go through the Lal Mountains to find a new place to live? "Aise asked the apprentices.After a moment of silence, Betty said softly, "Because the south has become a nest of demons?""You are right, but also wrong."Aise said gently as he levitated above the bonfire."Even if there was no disaster caused by the Gray Believers, we would still have to leave the north and the civilized countries.In a sense, the Gray Believers attacked the north and turned the whole north into a projection of the abyss. It gave us wizards space and opportunity to live. ""Respected Firebringer, why did the north turn into a projection of the abyss and give us space to live?"An apprentice asked in confusion. His hair was red, and there were some freckles on his face. They were a little red under the light of the bonfire."Your question is very good. What is your name?"The mirror image of Aise said warmly above the bonfire."Respected Firebringer, my name is Warren. I used to be a carpenter's apprentice."The red-haired, freckled boy answered."Warren, because we wizards are no different from devils and demons in the eyes of the Divine Descendants. We are even more sinful. We are extraordinary born from ordinary people. Through systematic research, we have deciphered the code of the extraordinary world, which is the runes.In the eyes of the Divine Descendants, we are despicable blasphemers who tried to steal the power given to them by the Divine Descendants. We tried to steal the flames of the extraordinary with our mortal bodies!

But, my apprentices! We are not blasphemers, nor are we thieves. The Divine Descendants did not forbid research. We are wizards, wizards who openly research the extraordinary, understand the extraordinary, and pursue the truth! "Above the bonfire, Ace paused for a moment before continuing."I have asked four questions. What is the essence of magic? What is the essence of magic? Why are there runes? What is the essence of runes?We Magi were born to answer these four questions. Our life's goal should be to answer these four questions and search for the answer at the end of the path of magic!As for the spiritual force, inherent magic, runes that we decipher, spell models that we construct, and so on, they are just natural gifts that we obtain on the path of truth.We are different from the Divine Descendants, Demons, Devils, Monsters, and even the Divine Descendants. They are born with extraordinary power, but we are not born with extraordinary power.We were originally ordinary, but because of our thirst for truth, we became extraordinary. "Aise, who was floating above the bonfire, raised his hands."Respected Firebringer, I still have a question. Our lives are limited, and even my wisdom is limited at this stage. How can I use my limited life and wisdom to pursue the infinite Aise's four questions? "The red-haired, freckled boy, Warren, took advantage of this gap and asked boldly.Aise looked at the boy with some admiration. He could think and ask questions. He must have more potential in the future."Your question is very realistic. How can we solve Warren's problem? My apprentices, please use your wisdom and imagination to think about this problem. "Aise was not in a hurry to answer. He looked at the crowd expectantly, hoping that sparks of thought would be born from these apprentices.The group of apprentices whispered to each other and discussed. Dana looked at Aise, who was floating in the air, and vaguely recalled the first time she heard Aise talk about logic. It was so charming and charming.Scholar Aise, who was full of wisdom, was the thing that made Dana crazy about Aise. At this moment, she vaguely returned to the past and began to look forward to the future of the wizard school.