Report
                            
                            A week ago, Betty heard Bayern's perfunctory words at the gathering and fell into deep thought. She dragged Donna home and began her research."I don't need to create a mechanical giant right from the start. That would be too delusional!"Betty looked at the small steam boiler in front of her and fell into deep thought."I should start from the simple and miniaturized direction. An armor-like mechanical assistant might be a good research direction! But, I have to solve the problem of the mechanical power first. If it can't move by itself, then it will be no different from those blacksmiths who make enchanted weapons and enchanted armor. "Donna looked at Betty who was talking to herself, sometimes excited, sometimes frowning. She couldn't help but feel helpless. She picked up the exercise book prepared by Betty and continued to study.Donna didn't want to rely on Betty all the time. She wanted to explore the wonderful world of magic and create her own spell model."The so-called power is the core of the driving force. I already understand the basic principle of the steam engine. First, there needs to be a boiler to generate a large amount of steam. This is all thanks to Bayern's discovery of the density rune, which let me know that the water element can expand and compress. Steam can expand, and the boiling process of water is the expansion process. "Betty inscribed a secondary rune array at the bottom of the boiler with the secondary fire element rune and the secondary heat rune as the core. This was the secondary rune array that Betty designed to heat up the boiler. She named it the thermal power rune array.Before meeting Bayern, she had already completed the design of the thermal power rune array. After many explorations and modifications, she found a suitable heat effect that could continuously heat up the boiler with the supply of magic.She reached a bottleneck in her research. The steam boiler needed a large amount of water. The mechanical giant she envisioned could only carry a large number of water tanks, which was very cumbersome.Bayern's arrival solved all of this. He found the secondary water element rune, especially the secondary density rune and the secondary pressure rune. The moment Betty saw it in the magic book, she was so excited that she wanted to jump.With the secondary water element rune, Betty could solve the problem of miniaturizing the mechanical equipment.She consulted Bayern who had rich experience in density runes and found a suitable density to design the secondary steam rune array.This Runic Array could produce a large amount of water vapor in an instant, and under the drive of the Thermal Power Runic Array, through the effect of the Pressure Rune, it could produce high-pressure water vapor in an instant."The steam engine mentioned in the books of the previous civilization requires sealed cylinders and moving pistons. Without magic, the sealing problem would be difficult to solve, but with magic, this is not a problem! "

Betty's eyes lit up. Her small body seemed to contain a huge amount of power. She skillfully cast two secondary spells. Two of the outstanding achievements of the Enchantment Research Association were the Secondary High Combustion spell model and the Secondary Air Shaping spell model.As long as there was enough mana, the Secondary High Combustion spell model could create the highest temperature that the Secondary Fire Elemental Runes could reach, easily turning iron ore into molten iron.Betty had already prepared a piece of magically transformed iron and turned it into molten iron with Secondary High Combustion. Then, using Air Shaping and Secondary Hand of Magic, she successfully cooled the molten iron and molded it into a small cylinder.At this point, Betty was stumped. The description of the book in her hand was vague, and only mentioned a reciprocating steam engine, which worked by expanding the piston through steam."Steam expansion can indeed push the piston, but how to make the piston come back? This book is not very clear, let me give it a try first … "Bang!Betty's prototype steam engine had no exhaust port, and the explosion ended.Betty, who had activated the Secondary Magic Crystal Shield in time, continued to experiment with an ugly face. This time, Betty added an exhaust port to the prototype steam engine, but she could not solve the problem of the reciprocating piston."The power I create has to be able to push a main bearing wheel to rotate, and then drive the whole machine through the gears to produce double the attack power and movement speed.""So, I have to change my way of thinking. I need a facility that can make the piston circulate and push the main bearing to rotate continuously! Maybe I can do this! "After many failed experiments, Betty finally realized the condensing vacuum steam engine. However, the power of this steam engine was too low, and it couldn't drive her ideal machine at all.She quietly took the books of the previous civilization from her father's study and accidentally found the incomplete drawings of the reciprocating steam engine, which finally solved the problem.She made a closed slide valve chamber from the steam inlet, and the built-in slide valve was connected to the pulley rod, to the eccentric wheel, and to the piston rod through the crank and connecting rod. Finally, the steam in the cylinder was able to push the piston to circulate.After the entire prototype steam engine was completed, Betty began to try to miniaturize the prototype, and finally she created a backpack magic steam engine prototype.

"Now the most important power problem is solved! Thanks to Bayern's water element series runes, or this prototype would not have been possible. Now, let's assemble the machine that I made long ago, I have already thought about how to assemble it. "Donna looked at the smaller Betty with a worried look on her face as she carried the prototype, which was almost as tall as her back.Betty had made piles of parts a long time ago, and she had a series of ideas, but she was limited by the fact that she could not make a strong power core, so she could not realize it.In her magic book, she recorded a lot of imaginary designs of giant machines, and now was the time to reflect her dreams into reality. Although she could not make a giant mechanical giant, she could make an enlarged auxiliary machine.She melted and reshaped the large magic parts, and it took her about a day to successfully assemble a steampunk-style mechanical device.Two auxiliary mechanical legs, a right arm, and a core device on the back. Because of the limited materials, the left arm was equipped with a wristband engraved with magic crystal shield runes, and finally, the two-meter-tall and somewhat cumbersome auxiliary machine was formed."You will be called Apprentice Combat Auxiliary Machine Type I, or Apprentice Type I for short. What a great name, it fits the style described in the books of the previous civilization. I am such a genius!"The Apprentice I that Betty had created was connected to Betty through the Mana Absorption Runic Array on its back. Betty had to expend her mental power to guide the Mana into the Apprentice and activate the several Runic Arrays in the prototype to create a large amount of steam.The exhaust hole was connected to the upper part of the right arm, and there were five very small holes. Through the guidance of the secondary direct shooting runes, it could instantly release super-high-pressure and high-temperature steam missiles, which were very effective in killing people.The mechanical arm was equipped with two magic crystal weapon runes (a magic crystal dagger and a magic crystal spear), and it could be used for close combat when necessary.Relying on the prototype on the back, the Apprentice Type I could greatly increase the user's instantaneous movement speed and attack power, and it could produce more power and speed than ordinary enchanted martial arts.The only drawback was that compared to the flexibility of enchanted martial arts, the Apprentice Type I was slightly clumsy. Because of the use of magic iron as the material, and the multiple secondary strengthening runes engraved on it, the strength, hardness, and toughness of the whole machine were greatly increased, and its defense was also greatly increased.The Apprentice Type I's back, shoulder, and feet were equipped with a special instantaneous steam drive device, which could instantly release a large amount of high-temperature steam, which could be used to kill enemies, and could also be used for instantaneous movement, short low-altitude flight, attack with broken arms, self-destruct with broken arms, and many other effects.