Report
                            
                            Aise leaned over and looked at the two wooden planks. They kept bumping into each other as if they were trying to connect with each other. Unfortunately, there were only clacking sounds."It seems that the activation level is not high enough. We don't know how to graft them. Let's try to adjust the activation level and make them a little 'smarter'."Aise said while trying to adjust the activation rune expression of the spell model."Apart from that, we also need to reverse the soul runes of the four life runes and fix the shape so that the growth of the wood can be fixed. We should keep observing the process of the magic crystal's shaping and try to create a new shaping rune. Lend me the Book Spirit," the mirror added.It walked towards Aise and took the ahoge from his head and inserted it into its own head.As the days passed, Aise gradually found a suitable way to express the incomplete activation rune."We can delete and change this position and this position of the activation rune. I call the final rune Secondary Activation # 2. This rune can completely express the activation level and is suitable for activating wood."Aise said to the mirror image while drawing a secondary rune in the air."This expression is possible. With the help of the Book Spirit, I've successfully reverse the soul runes of the four secondary runes and created a rune that can solidify the shape. I call it the Secondary Shaping Rune. When we activate the rune, we need to imagine a specific image. When the spell model of the Secondary Shaping Rune is activated, this image will be the final image of the target."The ahoge on the top of the mirror image's head swayed slightly as if it was nodding. It casually drew a secondary rune and floated in the air.Aise pulled the ahoge from the mirror image's head and flicked the nodding ahoge. Then, he inserted it into his own head and said to the mirror image with satisfaction, "Then let's start trying to create the activated wood."Aise began to draw and combine the spell model. Although this spell was a secondary spell, the micro-manipulation was quite complicated. There were two main difficulties.Firstly, it required a strong will to determine the expression of the Shaping Rune, so that the wood would eventually grow into the desired shape. Secondly, it used telepathy similar to whispers to allow the wood to grow and graft, and finally become a whole.Even if this kind of activated wood lost its activation properties, it was no longer a simple inanimate object. Instead, it was a piece of enchanted wood with preliminary enchantment. This was Aise's goal.If he only wanted to build an ordinary wooden sailboat, he wouldn't have to go through so much trouble. However, what he wanted wasn't a simple wooden sailboat, but a magical two-masted sailboat.

A ship made entirely of magical materials could be used as a carrier for all kinds of runic matrices. Only when all kinds of runic matrices were engraved on it could it be considered a true magic sailboat, and it could be called a wizard's ship.Aise's eyes glittered as he activated the spell model. With the rhythm of magic power, the log in front of him was covered and transformed by the magic power of the spell model.Slowly, the log turned into a standard sailboat plank. Then, he repeated the process and created hundreds of planks of different shapes and sizes.Under Aise's telepathy, the activated planks spontaneously formed into sections of keel. With the rhythm of magic power, Aise sprinkled the compost fertilizer. The activated planks quickly absorbed the nutrients and became dry and cracked.Under Aise's control, the planks gradually began to grow, intertwining and fusing with each other, gradually forming a unified whole.Ace looked with satisfaction at the dragon bone that had yet to take shape and muttered to himself, "That's right."This spell is called secondary activated wood!How can a true apprentice use magic to build an ordinary two-masted sailboat? What I want is a true magical two-masted sailboat. This is the largest magical item in the Wizard Tower's territory so far. It will be our mobile sea fortress! "While Aise was experimenting, Dana and Betty led a group of apprentices and finally completed the port area.The land area had already built a standard Medemus City-state building complex. The official residence of the port management department was a three-story villa next to the paved road. The fishermen's residential area was connected to the fishing boat berths in the water area. The warehouses and shops were directly accessible to the merchant ship berths. The navy's sailors' camp was adjacent to the military berths.On the east side of the port was a standard dry-dock-style building. A large pit was dug inside the building and connected to the port waters outside. The ships would be assembled here. With the rising tide, the iron chains in the pit could be released and the completed ships could be pushed into the water.Dana was wearing a fitting magic robe. Her tall and slender figure could be vaguely seen. She looked at the orderly port area and said to Borg and the others with satisfaction, "Our construction is complete. You are the director of the port management department recommended by Leon. Let's report to Lord Aise together."At noon on the same day, Dana, Betty, Borg, and the rest of them arrived at the castle of the magic school. Dana pressed the scanning rune array on the gate of the castle and inputted her inherent magic power. As the gate of the castle creaked and slowly opened, the group of people filed in.As most of the apprentices were taken to the port area by Dana, Betty and the others, there were very few apprentices in the castle. As soon as they entered the castle, the whole hall became lively.

The apprentices found their seats and waited for lunch in twos and threes. Bayern also received the news of the apprentices' return through the magic book early in the morning.He was wearing a black magic robe and a pair of magic boots. His gray hair was neatly combed, and his face was ruddy and energetic.After seeing Dana and the others, Bayern first greeted Dana and the others. There were some ordinary people in the castle who were responsible for the apprentices' meals in the kitchen. Bayern had prepared a sumptuous lunch early in the morning. He was just waiting for them to return. He said to Dana and the others."Dana, Betty, you have worked hard. In less than a month, you have built a well-organized port area in the wasteland. Today, you are the heroes. I have prepared lunch. Let's have a meal together to celebrate. This is also Lord Firebringer's idea. He will be here in person later. "Dana originally planned to decline and immediately meet with Aise, but when she heard that it was Aise's idea, she was not in a hurry. She said, "Since it is Lord Aise's idea, we will certainly obey."Sweet and delicious white bread, rich cheese, greasy roasted lamb leg, sizzling hamster ribs, ordinary food and magic food were served one by one.Carloso's eyes immediately lit up. The ribs of the hamster were good food. Not only was it unusually chewy, the taste of the meat was refreshing, and it also contained abundant magic power. The first time a beginner apprentice ate it, it would greatly increase their magic power. Even an intermediate apprentice could nourish their magic power.This effect was discovered by Arnaud and Warren. This discovery was recorded in a book called "Magic Materials and Magic Potions" by Lord Aise. It was said that they would be able to learn this knowledge in the third year.Carloso thought as he ate. At this moment, Aise walked in.