Report
                            
                            The iron plate shook slightly, and a small hole appeared in the center. The lead bullet had cleanly penetrated the iron plate, which was as thick as heavy armor!Anzesta and Leon looked serious. They knew what this meant.Even for Anzesta, his body did not have the same defensive strength as heavy armor. Unless he gathered his Heart Power into a shield, he would not be able to defend against the lead bullet. This meant that this "gun" could hurt him.Leon was even more excited. The lethality of this weapon was far beyond his imagination. This was not a magic weapon exclusive to wizard apprentices, but a weapon that could be used by mortals!Aise did not speak. He used the spell Lesser Magic Crystal Shield and created a magic crystal shield in front of the iron plate. He then signaled Leon with his eyes.Leon raised the gun in his hand, aimed, and pulled the trigger.Bang!As the flint was hit, sparks flew. The lead bullet was fired along the barrel. Under the pressure of the barrel, the lead bullet rotated at high speed and flew towards the magic crystal shield.Almost instantly, the protective shield shook and shattered. The lead bullet hit the metal plate behind the protective shield and sank halfway into the metal plate.Anzesta was shocked. He cried out involuntarily, "This weapon can break a Lesser Magic Crystal Shield!"Leon was also shocked. The web between his thumb and forefinger was a little numb. He looked forward absentmindedly.Ace said to the two of them, "This is the power of a flintlock. A lead bullet can break through a secondary magic crystal shield at a distance of 30 meters. Unless an ordinary Apprentice Adept can quickly cast a spell and create a double layer of magic crystal shield, they will definitely be injured or even killed!I will use this weapon to arm the mortals in my territory and build a firearm army. The flintlock soldiers can use this weapon to protect the territory and kill normal magic creatures. "After Leon recovered from his shock, he heard Aise's words and gradually came back to his senses. He bowed respectfully to Aise and said, "Honorable Consul, the power of a gun is indeed great. But if we use this weapon to arm mortals, will there be a hidden danger of losing control?"Leon's words were very vague. Although the sorcerer-apprentices were Transcendents, they were only low-level Transcendents. Guns could hurt or even kill them, which meant that there was a possibility of them being overthrown by mortals.Aise smiled. He was an Apprentice Sorcerer, and an Apprentice Sorcerer who was proficient in Mind Control, Mind Suggestion, and Contract Magic. He had plenty of ways to prevent mortals from subverting him.Even if he didn't use magic, he could still prevent the possibility of subversion through institutional and ideological construction.

However, Leon also needed encouragement. His attitude was gentle as he said to Leon, "The question you raised is very important. Who controls the army and who leads the army is the core question. There are two ways in which we can manage effectively."First, we have separated the gunpowder, lead bullets, and muskets from each other. We have strictly managed the ammunition warehouse. Every lead bullet and pack of gunpowder has a serial number and can only be carried in battle. Without gunpowder and lead bullets, a musket is just a fire stick."Second, we have to strengthen the training and ideological education of the musket troops. We have to give them better treatment and strict training. We have to continuously strengthen the ideological education and strengthen the musket troops' sense of identity and obedience to the wizards as a whole."After hearing this, Leon still had a lot of worries about the training and education. However, when he thought about the separation of guns and bullets, as long as the gunpowder and lead bullets were properly managed, he immediately felt more relieved.Anzesta was not worried at all. In fact, he was very happy. This new weapon that could be used by mortals must have been made using magic. This weapon represented the infinite possibilities of magic and the wizards as a whole."Respected Firebringer, can this weapon only be made using magic?" Anzesta asked.Aise looked at him and said, "This is indeed made using magic. If you don't use magic, this weapon can also be made, but its power will be greatly reduced."He added in his heart that with the current level of technology, it was impossible for mortals to make muskets that could defeat ordinary low-level magic beasts.After hearing Aise's answer, Anzesta said, "Then I don't think there's a problem. Since we wizards can make this weapon, we will definitely be able to make more powerful weapons and spells in the future.Although I'm not good at studying magic, I remember you said that magic is the number one productive force. As long as we wizards always maintain the spirit of doubt you mentioned, we will not only discover and invent more, but also solve Walloon's problem!If we have to worry about this little hidden danger, we wizards will not have the courage to pursue the truth! "Aise looked at Anzesta in surprise. It was really surprising that this knight, who had always adhered to the creed of virtue, could say something like a wizard.Could this be the great effect of the Spirit Network? Aise thought to himself.He nodded to Anzesta and then said to the other two, "There are more weapons here."There are even more powerful weapons here. I call them cannons. You can think of them as oversized muskets. With muskets and cannons, even in the face of ordinary low-level magic beasts or even powerful low-level magic beasts, mortals will have the power to fight!

The task I give you two is that Anzesta is responsible for gathering and selecting suitable soldiers, and then train them according to my requirements. I will give you a drill later.Leon, you will assist Anzesta in selecting suitable soldiers and building training facilities in the northwestern barracks area of the city. Now you can leave. "The two slowly left. Leon cautiously came to the City-state public hall and breathed a sigh of relief. At least he didn't make a fool of himself!At this time, a wizard apprentice in the hall was trying to construct a heavy water missile. Although points would be deducted if he was discovered, he liked to cast spells in the hall very much!The spell was successful, but the accuracy was a little bad, and it flew straight towards Leon.In a panic, Leon directly fell to the ground and narrowly avoided the water missile.As he struggled to get up, he fell down and with a crack, he sprained his waist again!All men of suitable age in the territory received a notice to go to the fountain square to participate in the recruitment."Have you heard? As long as you can successfully become a musketeer or an artillery soldier, your annual salary will be doubled, and every month you will be subsidized with three kilograms of noodles and half a kilogram of pork!""Not only that, as long as you are selected, one year of service is equivalent to two years. In other words, if you are a free person, you can become a probationary citizen after one and a half years. If you are a probationary citizen, you can become an official citizen after two and a half years! "Gasps could be heard all around. Everyone knew that only official citizens had the opportunity to become a sorcerer's apprentice. If they were to become a soldier, even if they were free people, they would only need four years to become an official citizen and obtain the ticket to transcendence!Everyone's eyes gradually became eager, and some women also gathered around. Listening to the men's discussion, their eyes showed envy.