Report
                            
                            During the secret meeting of the Magic Council, Carlo stood at the gate of the magic castle, feeling excited."It's been seven years since Mr. Aise built the Wizard Tower. Today is April 1st of the 7th year of the magic calendar. I, Carlo, have finally become an apprentice! "He entered the hall of the magic castle with a heart full of heroism, looking at the transparent dome of the hall, complacent.Carlo soon arrived at the legendary registration office of new students."Why are you here at this time? Every year in September is the registration day for new students. You're early. "Hearing this sentence, Carlo's enthusiasm was like a bucket of cold water poured over him. He had mixed feelings.He walked out of the magic castle a little depressed. There was still half a year before he could learn magic from the teachers of the elementary magic school. It was too hard to endure."Classmate, classmate."A voice suddenly came to Carlo's ears. He looked back and saw a tall and thin black haired wizard wearing a black magic robe, with a flashing hexagon magic badge on his chest, waving at him.An intermediate apprentice, Carlo thought in his heart. In order not to offend people, he slowly walked over. The tall and thin black haired wizard showed a fox-like smile and said to Carlo:"I see that you haven't registered yet. Come join Warren's preparatory class. Advanced apprentice Mr. Warren will teach you personally. It only costs three secondary magic stones!"Carlo had indeed heard of Advanced Wizard Apprentice Walloon. "Walloon's Conundrum" was a household name. Carlo was indeed moved. He said with some regret, "Respected Mr. Intermediate Wizard Apprentice, although I would like to participate, I do not have the money."The tall and thin black haired wizard smiled and said, "Just call me Sulu. We provide an advance payment service. You can listen to the classes first. When you can go to school, you can pay us five secondary magic stones over five years."Just as Sulu was tempting Carlo to join the so-called Warren's preparatory class, Eddie had already arrived at the government office.Eddie felt that he had lost all his fun since he couldn't connect to the magic network. After a few days of thinking, he made up his mind to sign up for the mission Clean up the Unknown Monsters in the Northern Mining Area.Many apprentices had already gathered in the hall on the first floor of the government office. Many of them surrounded the chief government official, Leon, and were talking about something.Leon was wearing a standard black magic robe with a dark blue lapel and a hexagonal badge flashing. He was already an intermediate wizard apprentice.

As the father of Betty, a genius with mental talent, his mental talent and academic ability were both pretty good. In just four years, he had successfully graduated from a beginner Magic Apprentice."Fellow sorcerers, we're all apprentices. We need to believe in the Congress of Magic and Mr. Aise. The Magic Network will be up and running again in a month. Please be patient. "None of the apprentices dared to go to Aise's magic castle, nor did they dare to question the experiment that day.Everyone knew that the Magic Network could not be used because of the experiment, but they did not know the reason.However, a lot of their knowledge was stored in the dream crystal ball, which was the hub of the magic network. They had to be anxious.Under Leon's pacification, everyone gradually calmed down. Eddie did not go and watch. After listening to everyone's conversation, he directly signed up for the task of cleaning up the monsters.After doing all this, Eddie rode a magic carpet to Bayern's residence. Since he had nothing to do for the past few days, he might as well rent a magic array to create some Lesser Magic Stones.Sunset, in the west tower of the magic castle.The secret meeting had ended. Aise handed over the specific tasks to Dana and Bayern respectively. He closed the west tower, activated the defense facilities, and focused on studying the changes after the level-up.His body and soul had both reached the level of a level-1 life form. His body was full of vitality at all times, and his soul was unusually clear. He was in an excellent state."Inject vitality into the soul."Aise maintained the state of meditation and slowly guided the vitality of his body into the Secret Chamber of Soul.With the support of the vitality of his body, the Secret Chamber of Soul seemed to become more and more real. After about half an hour, Aise stopped and began to eat the extraordinary food, the Mulu steak sprinkled with the ashes of the White Flame Tongue Flower."I didn't expect the extraordinary food to provide so much vitality. I hope Logan can develop more extraordinary food, so I can find different ways to replenish my vitality."Aise swallowed the tender 60% cooked Mulu steak and showed an intoxicated expression. After a long time, Aise continued to talk to himself."Extraordinary food is very important to an official wizard. These new food runes are even more wonderful. If I hadn't become an official wizard, I wouldn't have been able to observe and record them effectively.With enough extraordinary food, vitality can be replenished at any time. Even if a large amount of vitality is provided to the Secret Chamber of Soul, it won't destroy the body.

On the contrary, the level-up of the Secret Chamber of Soul will lead to the improvement of the soul's nature, and the improvement of the soul's nature will increase the upper limit of the body's functions.With extraordinary food to replenish vitality and official level meditation, the body and soul can be upgraded at the same time. The balance problem of becoming a level-2 life form will naturally be solved!I must strongly encourage the apprentices to research extraordinary food. I will invest magic stones to build an extraordinary food research institute and use the wisdom of the apprentices to pave the way for me.The only problem now is that I have no clue about the official level meditation, and the advanced apprentice's meditation has no effect on upgrading. "Aise's eyes were still full of worry. If he didn't have an official level meditation, just relying on the vitality injection method would not be enough.The vitality injection method was the internal circulation of the body, while the meditation method was the circulation of the body and the soul to the outside world. The official level meditation method was the most important topic at the moment.He had stayed in the Wizard Tower's territory for long enough. Once he combined a level 1 spell model and had the power to protect himself, he would go out to look for clues about the official level meditation method. Aise thought as he continued to inject vitality into the Secret Chamber of Soul.With the infusion of vitality, the Secret Chamber of Soul was also stabilizing little by little.Two weeks later, Aise's Secret Chamber of Soul had expanded by almost ten times under the nourishment of vitality. He had reached a bottleneck.Aise used the book spirit's searching ability to confirm his status. His body's comprehensive strength was 12 scales, and his soul's strength was 13 scales."After reaching level 1 life form and being able to inject vitality into the soul, the Secret Chamber of Soul has expanded by almost ten times. However, the potential of the vitality has basically been exhausted. The rest is just a matter of grinding. It's time to combine spell models.According to the knowledge given by the mysterious existence, spell models are actually the choices of the extraordinary path. Which path should I choose? "Aise rubbed his hands and thought.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login