Report
                            
                            After a long time, Aise slowly lowered his hands and looked down at the foot of the mountain. Bayern, barefoot, had arrived at Mount Barr with a group of apprentices.They, along with Dana and the others, looked at the crater at the foot of Mount Barr in shock.The billowing black smoke had dispersed, and the violent series of explosions had deepened the area of the crater by several times. The crater was full of potholes, accompanied by a pungent smell and violent magic waves. It seemed to be telling everyone something."Except for the few humanoid heroes, the other soldiers' bodies were all melted by the explosion!"An enchantment apprentice who had participated in the mission said to his companions, his saliva flying everywhere."I've been here before. It's not that big, and it's not that deep. Was it all caused by the Firebringer?"Another enchantment apprentice said.They looked at the huge man-made crater and recalled the days and nights when they were chased by the legion. They had mixed feelings.They looked up at Aise, who was standing on top of Mount Barr. The afterglow of the setting sun shone on Aise's body and dyed his whole body golden. His arms waved rhythmically, and his magic power gathered. He slowly floated in the air and walked down from the top of the mountain step by step.The complicated application of "advanced magic tricks" and the use of spells to create invisible stairs in the air should have no other use except to enhance his power at a critical moment.As Aise walked down step by step, the respect and trust in him rose in everyone's hearts. It was the effect of this kind of suggestion, which led and magnified everyone's emotions and led them to think.As a combined life form who was proficient in mind spells and illusion spells, Aise was very good at using spells to manipulate people's minds.Unlike the original body, which was broken and lost because of the split and the ritual learned from the devil, as a mirror image, he was more similar to the old Aise to some extent. He had feelings, selfishness, and a bottom line."I can't be too far away from my original body. I have to be in tune with the spirit often, or I might slowly lose some of my feelings." As a mirror image, he walked down the stairs in the air and gradually made up his mind.Under everyone's gaze, he slowly walked to the center of the battlefield, where the two humanoid heroes had died.From Aise's point of view, these Demi were not unforgivable evildoers.On the contrary, they had their own principles and principles. Although they had their own selfish motives, they were united in their work. It could be said that if they were on the same side, they might be reliable people.

Regrettably, they were on different sides. The other side was a hero, while the other side was an enemy!"Rest in peace! Although your souls don't even exist anymore. "Aise stood aside and activated the soul spell, Advanced Magic Trick. His body moved along with the magic power, and he murmured in a strange tone and words, "Peel, summon the heart!"With the rhythm and gathering of magic power, the invisible magic power stripped the hearts of the undamaged quasi-heroes from their corpses. There were three hearts in total and they floated beside Aise.Next, he summoned Angor's spear, shield, and Shane's longsword, which floated around him.Closing his eyes, he activated the soul spells Mana Sensitivity and Insight Perception at the same time. Inside the three hearts that were still warm, he was in a special state of perception. Everything around him was clear to him.The magic power was still in disorder. There was nothing to pay attention to on the charred bodies of the quasi-heroes. The souls were gone, and only the remains were left.Similar to Sharp, the God's Missionary, which was captured by Aise in the first place, the hearts had a secret rune structure. In Aise's vision, there were extremely complicated patterns in the hearts that were invisible to the naked eye.Ace once again probed the three wondrous items. In his field of vision, which was invisible to the naked eye, the insides of the items were densely covered with complex patterns. Inside the Spear of Samsara, a structure that he had never seen before attracted Ace's attention.It was a unique structure. It was only an ordinary soul rune structure, but it cleverly concealed the other rune structures.If one were to use the logic of his previous life to understand, most of the rune structures discovered by Ace were similar to source code, directly exposed to the outside world. However, this part of the rune structure of this spear was sealed and encrypted by a unique rune structure."This is a novel discovery. It's so interesting! It means that we can encrypt the rune structures of magic items in the future, and even encrypt the spell models. This is a very worthy research topic! "Aise stood in the deep pit with his eyes closed. The hearts and weapons were floating around him, and he was murmuring to himself. In the eyes of the wizard apprentices, he looked very mysterious.They stood quietly outside the deep pit and waited. Most of them were thinking about the deeper meaning of Aise's actions. Only Arnaud could not help but whisper, "Is the Fire Relayer asleep? Why is he not moving? "Anzesta pressed Arnaud down and apologized to the wizard apprentices who were glaring at him. Then he whispered to Arnaud, "What are you talking about? How can you guess the Fire Relayer so casually? Sir must be thinking about something very profound. "

The wizard apprentices' expressions softened. They whispered to Anzesta, "You're right. Sir must be thinking a lot. Otherwise, how could he have created such a difficult elementary mathematics?""You've done elementary mathematics too. It's too torturous. I think the person who created this thing …" Before Arnaud could finish his words, Olli covered his mouth with her fist. He could only whimper like a defeated dog.In the deep pit, Aise was immersed in observing the rune structure of the Spear of Certainty. He forgot about the time. It was only when the sky gradually darkened that he suddenly remembered that there was a group of wizard apprentices waiting for him.He used the soul spell "Incomplete Transfiguration" to transform the three cold hearts and the three strange items into six metal buttons. He then hung them on the inner side of the black robe made of demon fur. After that, he turned around and stepped on the air steps, walking towards the crowd step by step.Bayern, who was barefoot and wearing a grey robe, saw Aise walking towards him. He inadvertently glanced at Sulu and then immediately stepped forward. He raised his hands above his head and leaned forward by forty-five degrees as he spoke loudly."Honorable Fire Relayer, you are the founder of the path of magic, the only light in the long night, the guide of all wizards. All of us wizard apprentices salute you! Thank you for wiping out the remnants of the evil army. We admire your determination and ability to act! "Sulu looked at Bayern and bit the tip of his tongue with his teeth. Jealousy was crazily tearing at his heart.Next time, next time, I will not let this old guy get ahead of me. He's already so old, yet he still knows how to flatter. He's simply shameless!Sulu thought angrily, completely forgetting his face when he was flattering.Dana looked at Aise and Bayern. She smiled and also shouted, "Sir Fire Relayer, thank you for wiping out the hunters of the army that were stained with the blood of wizard apprentices! You are our only light in the long night! "And the only light in my heart, Dana said in her heart.