Report
                            
                            "Shane Medea, now is not the time to talk about our mission. Half of our men are dead, and the Northern Fortress is no more. The demon's nest is right there, and the projection of the abyss is very scary. We need to survive!"Angel, wearing the red tasseled helmet, threw his spear to the ground and shouted, "I'm the captain of this operation. Listen to me. I'll take responsibility if anything happens."Shane Medea, a descendant of the Medea royal family, looked at the soldiers and the other humanoid heroes around him and said nothing.The others were all descendants of gods from other countries. They couldn't be forced to continue hunting down the devil worshippers. Survival was the most important thing."So, we're going straight to the Lar Mountains? Do you already have a plan, Angel? "Another humanoid hero asked."A plan," Angel said with a ferocious smile. "There are barbarian tribes in the mountains. We'll conquer them and settle down first. Then we'll go to the east coast and have the barbarian slaves cut wood and build ships. We'll follow the coast back to the Royal City."The others agreed with Angel's plan. They decided to follow Angel's lead and go north together."There's a problem. If the devil worshippers find us, will they take the opportunity to attack us?" Shane asked, unwilling to give up.In fact, he was wondering why Angor was the one leading them instead of him.As a descendant of the royal family, he had always thought highly of himself. That was why he had always tried to challenge Angel's position.Angel looked at the handsome royal with disdain. He tried his best to be polite and said, "The devil worshippers are as good at hiding as rats, but their strength is limited. They're just a bunch of blasphemers who stole the power given to us by God by believing in the devil."Except for the leader, the Iron Masked Woman, the others are not worth mentioning. Even the Iron Masked Woman, I haven't fought her, but judging from her attacks, she's just at the level of a humanoid hero. She's no match for us."Angel looked straight at Shane and continued, "If they really dare to come, the six of us are enough to make it a one-way trip!"Aise listened quietly and secretly observed. When the humanoid heroes led the team north, he secretly marked several ordinary soldiers with "Advanced Magic Trick".Then, Aise waited for them to leave before transforming into an eagle and flying into the sky.On the other side, the black cat Bayern was following the instructions given by the mirror image Aise, guiding the group forward. They were getting closer and closer to the cave where the enchantment apprentices were hiding.

Arnaud and Xavier were talking to Anzesta."Xavier, I know what you're thinking. A real knight would never refuse anyone who is interested in becoming a knight. However! "Anzesta paused for a moment. When Xavier heard the first half of his sentence, he was relieved. However, when he heard the second half, his heart was in his throat again."If you want to become a true knight, you must display your virtues. Xavier, if you are willing, you can become my attendant and learn the way of knights from me. "Anzesta said solemnly to Xavier.Xavier nodded heavily. Anzesta collected their luggage and put it on Xavier's back. "The first lesson for an attendant is to learn how to carry weights."Arnaud looked at Xavier who was struggling to carry the luggage and asked Anzesta in a low voice, "Uncle Melancholy, why didn't you make me your attendant?"Anzesta glanced at Arnaud and smiled. "You're too stupid. You're not suitable."Ah Nuo's cheeks bulged when he heard that, and he turned his head to the side.Anzesta thought to himself. Arnaud's character was too similar to a real knight.While Anzesta was lost in his memories, a beautiful girl suddenly walked to him.The girl's cheeks were rosy and her eyes were like peach blossoms. She looked at Anzesta with infatuation. Her hands were intertwined with each other as if she wanted to say something.At this time, the loud sound of machinery grinding could be heard. Betty drove the Type 1 Apprentice in front of Anzesta and looked down at Anzesta."Although you're a bit old, you're quite handsome. I heard you're the Melancholy Knight Anzesta that Donna likes a lot? I'm Donna's good sister, Betty. "Betty, who was driving the Type 1 Apprentice, said in a slightly high-pitched voice, "Our Donna likes you a lot, so I came to take a look. You look very strong. If there's a chance, let's learn from each other."Donna blushed. She didn't know why, but she was shy now. She used to say that she liked Abel without restraint. She covered her hot cheeks and secretly glanced at the handsome but melancholy Anzesta.At this time, the cave was already in front of them.Dana led a group of enchantment sorcerer-apprentices and was waiting and guarding.Bayern the black cat nimbly jumped a few times and came in front of Iron Mask Dana. It greeted her like a human and spat out the dice. After catching it with its claws, it slightly bowed and said, "Hello, Iron Mask leader. I'm a sorcerer-apprentice, Bayern. "

The familiar voice made Dana a little stunned. It was as if she had returned to the time when she was studying mathematics without any worries. At that time, she was always playing with her brother. She was the only daughter in the family, and the whole family spoiled her.She wanted to go back to that happy family, with a gentle mother and a silly father, but she didn't dare to go back. Although she wasn't exposed, it was better for her to go missing than to go back.Extraordinary people born from ordinary people were destined to be fiercely suppressed and crushed by the descendants of gods. Other than dormant and accumulating strength, waiting for the future to rise up and fight back, there was no other way.Dana's eyes revealed nostalgia, and then the corner of her mouth twitched slightly. She took off the iron mask, bowed slightly to Bayern the black cat, and said in a hoarse voice, "Okay, I won't see you again, Scholar Bayern.""It's really you, Dana Iron Fist School. I should have thought of it. Fortunately, there is the protection of the contract, and the captured apprentices can't sell the information in the magic book! "Bayern said to Dana.A loud and clear cry of an eagle sounded. The eagle, which was a mirror image of Ace, grew bigger and bigger in the sky from a small dot. The eagle circled above the cave a few times. After watching the group of sorcerer-apprentices gather, it landed on a slightly higher boulder and transformed back into Ace.Aise stood on the boulder, his black robe fluttering in the wind. He looked around at the sorcerer-apprentices. Excluding the relatives and friends they had brought, there were probably less than a hundred people who had a contract with him."Honorable Firebringer, you are the founder of the path of magic, the only light in the long night, the guide of all sorcerers. Apostle Bayern salutes you!"Bayern the black cat was very good at flattering people. It was the first to stand in human form, and then bowed ninety degrees.Following Bayern the black cat's actions, the sorcerer-apprentices who walked out of the fortress also bowed ninety degrees to Aise.Dana looked at the scene in front of her, and suddenly felt that the distance between her and Aise was very far. She followed Bayern the black cat and led a group of enchantment sorcerer-apprentices to bow to Aise."My apprentices, the remnants of the army have already gone north. They are trying to find a way to escape from this demon's land through the Lar Mountains. They have killed hundreds of our apprentices, and now they want to escape. We can't let them go! "

Aise looked around at the sorcerer-apprentices, and said in a low voice, using a hint effect.