Report
                            
                            Aise smiled as he watched the apprentices gradually relax.He wasn't in a hurry to hypnotize them. The apprentices had just completed a good experiment on the mental connection network, and they had also improved greatly during meditation. They were full of energy and were rather excited. Forcing them to sleep at this time was not feasible.The best strategy for mind control was to take advantage of the situation. He first used the soul spell "Hint" to let the apprentices slowly relax. This was the method that suited their current situation.After extreme excitement, people also needed to relax. After relaxing, they would gradually fall into a comfortable zone.Aise watched as the apprentices gradually became comfortable. Their voices, which had been lively and lively just now, gradually became softer. They began to sit on the blanket peacefully, and some of them looked sleepy.Arnaud's performance was the most obvious. His extremely loud snoring woke up a few of the sleepy apprentices in an instant.Aise frowned and thought for a moment. He used the sound rune as the core of the secondary spell "Silence" to silence the sounds made by Arnaud.He then looked at the apprentices with satisfaction and activated the spell "Illusion Boundary". As the boundary opened, the apprentices began to passively accept the boundary's willpower test and were slowly lured into a deep sleep.At this time, Aise discovered another interesting phenomenon. Whether it was Arnaud, who had been asleep for a long time, or Anzesta, who was in deep sleep, they naturally resisted the willpower test of the "Illusion Boundary".They were only asleep and weren't affected by the "Illusion Boundary"."Under the premise of not resisting, they can actually pass the willpower test. Although I didn't use all my strength, I used at least three scales of my spiritual strength. The Knight's Creed condensed heartforce actually has such a strong resistance to mind control?"Aise thought as he increased the pressure on the two knights' spiritual strength. At around four scales, the two finally couldn't resist and were successfully lured by Aise."Their spiritual strength is only around 0.8-0.9 scales, but they can resist more than five times the amount of mind control spells.This was a terrifying number. It was almost enough to declare that a knight of the same rank would be able to defeat a sorcerer of the same rank.It seems that I'm the only one who specializes in mind control spells. After this experiment is over, I'll have to find some time to study the secrets of knights. "As he spoke, all of the apprentices fell into a deep sleep. Their hands were firmly pressed on the second page of the magic book.Aise closed his eyes and extended nearly a hundred spiritual tentacles into spiritual chains through his spiritual imprint, connecting with the apprentices.

Weng!Because the apprentices were in a state of deep sleep, their minds were unable to control themselves. Aise had to guide them.Because of his first experience and the spiritual guidance he gave the apprentices, he successfully made the apprentices extend their spiritual feelers and transform them into spiritual chains through the imprint, connecting them with the mirror image's consciousness.Weng!When the double bamboo hat buckle-shaped mental connection network was formed, all the soul bodies in the nodes trembled and almost woke up in an instant!Aise hurriedly used the hundreds of spiritual chains to apply the effect of "hinting" the soul spell and slowly calmed down the trembling of the network.The mental connection network with two "root consciousnesses" as the core had been formed. Under Aise's control, the sleeping soul body extended a few spiritual chains. Just like the previous experiment, the inside of the double bamboo hat buckle-shaped space gradually became more complicated and layered.In the invisible field of vision, the spiritual network space began to appear a little bit of fog. It seemed that something was going to happen, but it didn't seem to have reached the critical point. It was neither up nor down."The soul resonance frequency threshold is 0.05, 0.15, greatly lower than the first time. The information flow is 2.3. Other than the communication between the 'root consciousnesses' and 'mirror image's root consciousnesses, there's only a little sleep talk."The main body's "root consciousnesses" communicated with the mirror image."Now we've become the biggest variable. Main body, you're in a deep sleep, and I'll record and observe. Although this still interferes with the experiment, it's a better method. We'll find a way to remove the interference later. "The mirror image said to the main body."Agreed. I'll immediately hypnotize myself and enter a deep sleep. You're responsible for observing and recording. Try to minimize direct interference with the network."After the main body finished speaking, Aise used the "hypnosis" spell to hypnotize himself and slowly fell into a deep sleep."The soul resonance frequency threshold has dropped sharply. It's now 0.01, 0.1, and the information flow has decreased to 0.4. Observed from the outside, the strange fog in the network space began to grow. It felt somewhat similar to the fog created by the Snake of Dream.This strange fog seemed to have created some kind of dream illusion. The soul resonance frequency threshold began to rise sharply, and the speed and flow of the information flow also increased explosively in an instant.Including the main body, the consciousness of the wizard apprentices in the various nodes didn't wake up. They seemed to have entered a state that I can't observe when I'm awake. "

Aise seemed to have fallen into some kind of strange illusion. He felt as if he had become a torch, emitting light and heat. He stretched out nearly a hundred tentacles and connected many small flames."Why can a torch extend tentacles? This setting is too strange. "He was a little confused as he floated and wandered around with the other little flames. Slowly, the other little flames also 'woke up' one after another. They communicated with each other and called out to their friends. It was very lively."The main body seems to be a little confused. Is he immersed in a dream and can't stay awake? I need to remind him. "The mirror image observed and speculated. It sent a weak information flow to the main body to remind him.Aise, who was immersed in the strange illusion, was suddenly awakened by the information flow. Boom!"So that's how it is. I'm dreaming with the entire mental link network!"The torch humanized scratched his head. There was no ahoge on top of his head because the book spirit had fallen into a deep sleep. The corresponding soul consciousness did not enter this strange illusion."This state seems like we've entered a dream together. It doesn't exist in reality or in the perspective of the soul."Aise analyzed while trying to "wake up" the other apprentices.He tried many times and asked the mirror image to try, but it still couldn't wake them up. The apprentices seemed to have entered some kind of subconscious state. Everything was as strange as a dream.Aise gave up trying. He recalled the feeling of the fledgling subconscious sea that he was lucky to enter."The two seem to be somewhat similar. It's just that the fledgling subconscious sea seems to have some kind of ancient majestic power. It has a very indescribable weight, and this dream that exists in the consciousness is a bit like the subconscious sea that has lost its essence!"He continued to sense and analyze.