Report
                            
                            Three unstable magic crystal daggers hit the ground where he had just stood and exploded. The unstable structure of the magic crystals combined with the explosive effect of the fire element created a huge hole in the ground. There was a burnt smell.Xie En and the other humanoid heroes were also in a mess. One of them couldn't run away in time and had his legs blown off!"Damn it! Rats in the gutter! Who gave you the guts? "Xie En said angrily. Then his eyes flashed and he elegantly drew his noble sword. The moment he drew his sword, he looked completely different. His anger disappeared and was replaced by arrogance."Elegance is the natural ability of every descendant of Medea," he said softly. He said softly, and then quickly rushed towards Dana. Along with his graceful steps, his movement speed was almost three times faster than usual."The descendants of the Goddess of Elegance are indeed different. We get strength from fighting with our fists, and they get strength from their elegant actions."Angel shook his head. Then he jumped up and descended from the sky, cutting off Dana and the others' escape route."Retreat!"Dana roared. Electric arcs flashed all over her body. It was the secondary spell "Active Electric Tremor". Together with the enchantment technique, Dana's Iron Fist, her physical fitness was raised to the same level as a humanoid hero in a very short time.She didn't hold back. Her opponent was a powerful humanoid hero. Even if there were traps, they wouldn't be effective if they didn't survive until then.With Dana's swift charge, a blood-red magic crystal spread out from her body and quickly formed a shield and armor, covering Dana.This blood-red magic crystal was created by Dana by devouring the souls of dead monsters according to the advice of her previous mirror image, Aise. It was amazingly active and bloodthirsty.Not only did the magic crystal have a strong devouring effect, but it also had defensive, offensive, and bloodthirsty effects. Covered by the blood-red magic crystal shield and armor, Dana rushed toward Angel like a Valkyrie.A grim look appeared in Angel's eyes. This female devil worshipper had grown exponentially in such a short time. Her aura was almost as strong as Angel's, or perhaps even stronger. Angel had to be careful.Dana charged at Angor with an unstoppable momentum. She did not linger in the fight, and instead retreated as she fought.Xie En didn't want to work with Angor, so he kept attacking the other apprentices. In the sky, Aise let out an eagle cry and swooped down.His eagle beak moved rhythmically, accompanied by magic power and a strange intonation. His voice filled the air. "Divine Blade — Wind — Group High Whirlwind Blade!"

As the eagle's wings fluttered, each wave brought with it a strong gust of wind and dozens of small, high whirlwind blades, which attacked the heroes."What kind of monster is this? It actually has such a powerful wind attribute energy. " A Humanoid Hero roared. He waved the giant axe in his hand and cut off all the incoming wind blades."Devil worshippers can actually control monsters. They really should be purified!" Another Demonic Hero dodged in embarrassment and said angrily.Ace the Eagle did not show any mercy after gaining the upper hand. It flapped its wings continuously at low altitudes, preventing the humanoid heroes from chasing after the apprentice adepts and causing fatal damage to the army soldiers.Angor blocked the wind blades with his shield, raised the spear in his hand, and aimed at Ace the Eagle, who was flying at a low altitude!Aise suddenly felt his whole body trembling. It felt like he was being locked on. It was similar to being marked by a magic seal, but it was stronger than a mark."Spear of Sure-Hit, Spear of Bleeding, go!"Angel chanted in his mind. The spear had the effects of Sure-Hit, Sharpness, Bleeding, and Return. As long as the target was aimed at for more than three seconds and within a range of 500 meters, the spear would hit!After being hit by the spear, the target would bleed for half an hour. This monster was doomed!Aise did not hesitate. He chanted a spell in a strange intonation, and magic power gathered in front of him. "Seven Layers — Defensive Magic Crystal Rings!"The magic crystals in front of him grew layer by layer and blocked the spear. However, the spear stubbornly kept moving forward. It slowly rubbed against the magic crystals and struggled to break through!No! I have to run now!Without hesitation, Aise spread his wings and flew up. He chanted a spell and accelerated with wind-attribute magic power. He soared into the sky. After flying for hundreds of meters, he finally felt the effect of being marked disappear. He let out a long sigh.He almost died here!Even if it was just a mirror image, it could be created again if it was lost. But for him, it would be gone if it disappeared.Angel looked at the monster in the sky and summoned his spear back. The spear shook violently and broke free from the magic crystal rings. It returned to Angel's hand."Go! We can't let these devil worshippers get away. Otherwise, we'll be haunted by them day and night, and we won't be safe. "

Taking the lead, he chased after Dana and the others in the direction they had fled.The other Humanoid Heroes and soldiers also followed. Xie En felt that something was wrong, but he had to follow them in this situation. He could only shake his handsome head and chase after them gracefully.Aise the Eagle hovered in the sky, watching them step into the pit and swooping down."The fish are in the net. It's time to harvest!"He landed on the top of Mount Barr and transformed into his own appearance. When he saw that Dana and the others had just left the depression, he immediately raised his hands and roared, "Witness the eternity of this moment. Art is an explosion!"Hearing the voice, Angel looked up at Aise. The sun shone on Aise, making him look sacred. A large number of incomplete magic glycerine tubes were buried in the pit. As Aise moved, they turned into spiders and shot at the Humanoid Heroes and soldiers.Boom!Angel and the others tried to dodge, but there were too many spiders. They were entangled. The violent explosions blew several Humanoid Heroes into pieces.A series of fierce flame explosions appeared in the entire pit. The strong impact and heat waves hit Dana and the others not far away. They looked at each other in bewilderment as they smelled the pungent smell of burnt meat nearby and looked at each other in bewilderment."The … the Firebringer's trap is so powerful!"One of the Apprentice Adepts cried out."More than 150 people. Even their bones have melted. No! Two Deities are still alive. "Another apprentice looked at the pit. He was shocked by the power of Aise's trap and looked at the two Deities who were still alive.Aise looked at Angel who was still struggling and Byrne who had lost his elegance and was covered in blood. He sighed. He saw Angel struggling to raise the spear in his hand and aimed at himself. It seemed that Angel was yelling something.Ace slowly pointed at Angor and activated the "Soul Burst" rune array. The gloomy power and howling resentment directly took away Angor and Byrne, leaving only their bodies and items lying on the ground.