Report
                            
                            At the same time, in the vision of Aise's Insightful Perception, Anzesta's silver Heartforce and Arnaud's golden Heartforce formed the spell model of the secondary meditation technique in front of them.The moment the spell model was formed, the surrounding magic began to move rhythmically, attempting to enter the spell model and transform it into magic particles to enter their bodies and souls. However, it failed at this step.The magic gathered around the spell model but was unable to enter it. It could only slowly dissipate in the end.After careful observation, Aise discovered that the Heartforce had completely broken the original structure of the inherent magic, losing the most important function of the inherent magic. Not only was it unable to absorb the magic outside the body, but because of the strong color of the individual's will, the Heartforce blocked the natural magic outside the body from entering.The spell model of the meditation technique constructed by the Heartforce had the same effect as the Heartforce. It blocked the natural magic from entering the spell model and prevented the user from entering a state of meditation.This property of hindering all supernatural powers seemed to be the reason why knights with Heartforce were so resistant to mind control spells. As Ace pondered, he canceled the two spells' Insight Perception 'and' Mana Sensitivity '. He looked at the two of them and said, "Let's not waste any more time.He looked at the two of them and said, "If you can't meditate, how do you usually cultivate and recover your Heartforce?"Anzesta's handsome face revealed a bitter smile. "With the passage of time, our Heartforce will slowly recover, but we can't find a way to increase the upper limit of our Heartforce. Our strength has stagnated."Aise looked at the two of them like a glutton looking at a delicious meal. He licked his dry lips and said, "The main problem is the meditation technique.If you are willing, you can cooperate with my experiments. I'll see if I can find a way to let you communicate with the magic outside your body again. "Anzesta felt that the Firebringer was like a ferocious beast staring at its prey the moment he spoke. Perhaps it was an illusion, but he chased the feeling out of his head and bowed."I'll have to trouble you, Sir."Aise looked at the two of them and continued, "I have two questions."I have two questions. First, how did Creed come into being? Second, how did the creed fuse with the inherent magic? If you want to study the nature of Heartforce and explore a suitable meditation technique for you, you must know the details of these two steps. "Ancestor scratched his head and said hesitantly, "That's right."Lord Fire Relayer, I can only tell you my personal understanding. Everyone's creed is different, and only Arnaud and I can produce Heartforce.

I believe that a creed is a kind of belief, a kind of will. After being chosen, it has to be carried out throughout the life of a knight. It has to be persevered from beginning to end. Then, at a certain moment, you will discover that a creed has been formed.As for the fusion of one's creed and inherent mana, it's about thoroughly understanding one's own creed. This kind of determination is the power of belief. I don't know how to describe it, but when I feel that my own creed's will is strong enough, I can infuse it with inherent mana and then give it back to my own heart. That's when the power of compassion is born. "Aise scratched his head as he listened to Anzesta's mysterious and subjective description. There must be an objective reason behind the purely subjective belief and accidental birth. It was just that this reason had not been discovered yet.He looked at Arnaud. Although he didn't have much hope, there were only two samples. The necessary questions and answers were still necessary."Arnaud, how did you feel about the birth of your creed and Heartforce at that time?"Arnaud had been thinking about the three great philosophical questions. Who am I? Where am I? What am I doing? He was confused when Anzesta pulled him over, but Aise's question made him realize what he wanted to do. He answered loudly."Because I'm a person with the qualities of a true hero. I'm like my father, I have unlimited courage!And courage is my strength. I don't really understand what a creed is, but I know that courage and protection are things that I have to carry out in my life. Uncle said it was a creed, so I believed it was a creed!Uncle wouldn't lie to me. He said that as long as I infused my creed with inherent mana, I would be able to produce Heartforce. So I imagined that my courage and inherent mana would fuse together, and Heartforce would be born. "Boom!Along with Arnaud's words, his heart beat powerfully. The Heartforce of Courage exploded in an instant, dyeing his entire body golden.Aise activated Mana Sensitivity and Insightful Perception in an instant. That heart was extremely powerful, exuding the power of courage. The golden Heartforce of Courage hindered Aise's perception, and he couldn't see the situation around the heart clearly.He could vaguely observe the structure of runes, but it was very vague and couldn't be seen clearly. He really wanted to dissect these two people and seriously study the changes in their hearts. Aise narrowed his eyes and stared at the two for a long time before he abandoned this tempting idea.

Heartforce really does have a strange power of subjective idealism. Wait a minute, speaking of subjective idealism, magic tricks are also very similar. The unity of mind, hand gestures, and language, the most important thing is the mind, which is the power of imagination.Although understanding the runic structure of the power of imagination is more effective, it can still be forcefully used without understanding it. There seems to be some similarities. Aise's eyes flashed, and he suppressed his thoughts and said to them:"Anzesta, Arnaud, now begin your normal training and cultivation. I need to carefully observe the changes in your Heartforce. Your hearts seem to have undergone a wonderful change, but your Heartforce is hindering my perception.Try to exhaust your Heartforce to the end, and I'll see if I can sense the specific changes in your hearts. "Anzesta didn't immediately begin training and exhausting his Heartforce. He thought for a moment and said to Aise, "Fire Priestess, I've taken in a disciple before I passed away."Lord Fire Relayer, when I retreated from the Northern Territory, I took in an attendant disciple. He's currently comprehending his creed. Perhaps I can have him serve you so that you can observe the formation of your creed."Hearing this, Aise happily smiled and said, "Why not?"After hearing Aise's reply, Anzesta bowed and went to find Xavier. Under the intimate supervision of Aise and his mirror image, Arnaud began to use all sorts of Heartforce techniques and spells to exhaust his Heartforce.As his Heartforce slowly decreased, Aise could see that the golden Heartforce was constantly weakening in his black-and-white vision. The strange heart that had been concealed by the Heartforce was also slowly being revealed.This was a strange heart that was beating extremely vigorously. It had already been completely transformed by the golden Heartforce, and its entire body was golden.On the plane of the naked eye, the heart was only golden. On the plane of the soul, at the same place, a blurry soul rune was forming.This soul rune existed and didn't exist. It wasn't a runic structure. Although Aise could see its complicated appearance the moment it appeared, it was only an extremely complicated rune and not a runic structure.