Report
                            
                            Ghana, the Lord of the Ocean, did not delay and said directly, "On behalf of my son, Pontos, I would like to reach a new agreement with Your Majesty. Tsmali City and its affiliated territories will become a new City-state, and the guardian rights and faith will belong to Pontos! If you have any requests, as long as they are reasonable, you can state them. "The Goddess of Elegance did not speak. She leaned back gracefully in a lazy posture.Ithea, the Goddess of Love and Desire, said, "The Lord of the Ocean is really straightforward. You want to usurp one of our cities and split a City-state. The King of Gods, His Majesty Cronus, has personally decided that any colonial City-state that develops a new continent will belong to the God of Development for 300 years. Have you asked His Majesty? "The lazy Goddess of Elegance also said, "Could it be that Your Majesty wants to break the agreement made by the King of Gods?"The Lord of the Ocean was not angry. He said calmly, "I dare not break the agreement made by the King of Gods. However, the King of Gods also allows the gods to make private deals. Your Kingdom on Earth has been invaded by the Abyss. With the current strength of the Medemus City-state, I'm afraid it will be difficult to solve it. It might even be in danger of being destroyed. ""Limited by the agreement between the gods and the Originator, any existence whose strength exceeds demigod cannot stay in the World Inner. As a demigod, Pontos can move freely in the World Inner. If you let Tsmali become independent, I will allow Pontos to attack once. "Ithea, the Goddess of Love and Desire, said with a smile, "One attack from a demigod in exchange for a City-state. Even if you are the main god of Titan, you can't exploit us like this."Midea, the Goddess of Elegance, said, "My projection has the strength of a demigod. If it is just one attack from a demigod, I don't need it."The Lord of the Ocean looked at the two goddesses. If they were weak ordinary gods, he could exploit them. However, although the Goddess of Elegance was weak, her background was very strong.The Lord of the Ocean did not dare to look directly at the Goddess of Love and Desire. He did not want to offend her. After a long while, the Lord of the Ocean said solemnly, "Pontos and the Goddess of Elegance's projection together to kill the Abyss Lord's projection. This is my bottom line!"The Goddess of Elegance and the Goddess of Love and Desire looked at each other and smiled. "Deal."After sending off the Lord of the Ocean and Pontos, the Goddess of Elegance ordered Rhonamus to perform his Noble Phantasm in front of the Goddess of Love and Desire, Isia.

The Goddess of Love and Desire, Ithea, said to the Goddess of Elegance after watching the Grand Theater of Rhonamuth."Rhonamus has a lot of potential. As long as you give him time to spread the word of Epic, he might become an Epic hero in another hundred years. Perhaps he can pass the Demigod trial like you in the future. Get him to prepare and come to my God Kingdom in a while."After Ithea left, the Goddess of Elegance said to her son, "My only son, Rhonamus, do you know why the Titan Gods don't dare to exploit us too much?""Because of Grandmother's strength?" Ronomusi answered with uncertainty."To be precise, it's because of the strength of the Mother Goddess, her children, and their fathers! We are a group, a united and vibrant group. Therefore, in the Kaya Divine System, even the noble King Gods don't dare to push us too much! "She stroked Rhonamus' handsome face and continued, "Rhonamus, you are my only son. I hope you can remember that no matter what, you have to unite around the Mother Goddess. Only in this way can you have a beautiful future.You have to know that if you don't have the help of the Mother Goddess, you can't achieve the path of Demigod by yourself! ""Mother," Rhonamus said emotionally, "I've been longing to be by your side since I was young. As long as I can be with you and father forever, nothing else matters.""My son, you're wrong." The Goddess of Elegance said seriously, "Only when we become gods can we support each other and be together forever! You can become a god. You must become a god. ""Rhonamus, as a Legendary Hero, you've already walked your own path. This is only the first step. I'll only say this once. You have to remember it in your heart and never tell anyone else.""We're all Legendary Heroes, and we've all walked our own paths. Some people can become Epic Heroes, while others can break through the boundary between Man and God, condense divinity, and ignite the Divine Fire! Do you know why? "The Goddess of Elegance asked Rhonamus gracefully and solemnly."I don't know."Rhonamus answered honestly."Because we've both walked our own paths, but they're completely different. Heroes are created by the Divine Blood, but they're also restricted by the Divine Blood. When you chose the Legendary Path, I warned you not to try to walk the Path of Elegance or the Path of Frost.The so-called Path is the coordinates before you become a god. Only when you communicate with the Kaya Originator and leave your mark in the Originator, then you have the qualifications to become a god.

There are big and small Paths, or rather, there are strong and weak Paths.The Path of Elegance and the Path of Frost are just ordinary Paths. These Paths can only accommodate one god. If you walk these Paths, unless you kill me or Rona, being an Epic Hero is your limit. "Rhonamus interrupted the Goddess of Elegance and said, "Mother Goddess, I'm not the kind of son who would do anything for power. I, Rhonamus, will always have my own standards and bottom line!"The Goddess of Elegance gently stroked Rhonamus's cheek and said, "I believe in you, my son. You'll definitely stick to yourself. Gods can't be enslaved by power. Always be vigilant against the influence of the Abyss and Hell. Be careful when you try to touch forbidden knowledge. Even gods can fall under the influence of whispers! "The Goddess of Elegance pulled Rhonamus to sit on the Divine Throne. Rhonamus firmly refused and stood aside.She smiled helplessly and satisfactorily and continued the topic. "The Path of Love of the Mother Goddess is an extremely powerful Path. In theory, such a Path can accommodate more than one god. However, the more it is so, without the permission of the Mother Goddess, heroes who try to walk on the Path of Love will be ruthlessly killed by the Mother Goddess!A few of my brothers and sisters were blessed by the Mother Goddess and walked on the Path of Love. They became the gods of the Mother Goddess. This is the best ending. "He lazily changed his posture on the divine throne. Every movement was so elegant that it was admirable."To become a god, at the level of a Golden Hero, you must have the right Imagined World. A Imagined World with potential can form a Path with potential and lay the foundation for the Path of Becoming a God!This is why I asked you to choose the Grand Theater as your Noble Phantasm. Drama may not be powerful, but it's a Path of Becoming a God that no one has walked before. As long as you become a demigod, you'll almost have the Priesthood of Drama. "