Report
                            
                            "This is the masterpiece of Advanced Sorcerer Apprentice Betty, a train powered by magic heat. That's half a magic item, "Carlo said to the young militiamen with great emotion."Captain, why can the train move by itself?" A militia member asked, puzzled.Luther also pricked up his ears. He also wanted to know the reason."Because at the front of the train, there is a sealed magic heat drive device. I heard that Lady Betty first developed a steam drive device. After listening to Lady Aise's suggestion, she directly changed it to a magic heat drive. The efficiency has increased by a lot! "Carlo said, spittle flying everywhere."But, I heard that the cost of this magic device is very high. Daily use requires the use of magic stones. Even the lowest grade magic stone is equivalent to ten years of our work points!"A young militia member raised his doubts. Luther also listened attentively, although he did not understand."That's why it's half a magical item. Although the driving mechanism is made up of exquisite mechanical cylinders and runic matrices, the key source of heat is burning coal. Using coal to replace magic stones greatly reduces the cost of daily consumption."Carlo said with a proud expression. He had not been idle these past few years. He often pulled strings with the Sorcerer Apprentices stationed at the port. The mysterious world of magic in the eyes of ordinary people was not so mysterious to him.While thinking, Carlo carelessly touched his chest. There was a grade magic stone there.Luther's eyes showed that he was thinking, but the unfamiliar environment made him subconsciously vigilant. He only listened with his ears and did not speak.The sun gradually set, and the train also arrived at the platform outside Luminous City.Carlo and the other ten militia members brought this batch of "free people" into the city. After the handover, they went straight to the administrative office of the territory.Luther followed the crowd and arrived at a camp in a daze. The aroma of barley porridge filled the air, and there was even the smell of meat, making Luther unconsciously secrete saliva."This smell, it should be pork sausages!"Luther's eyes sparkled, and he swallowed a few mouthfuls of saliva.Soon, their dinner was served. Hot barley porridge, buttery white bread, and two roasted sausages sizzling with oil.After wolfing down the food, they quickly ended the "battle".A few people, who seemed to be the so-called Sorcerer-Apprentices, led them to stand on the stone platform that was painted with strange patterns for a while. When it was Luther's turn, he staggered to stand on the stone platform. He stared at the unknown patterns under his feet and listened to the people around him.

"Activate, detect hostility. After detection, there is no hostility. "On the other side, a man in a neat and fitting black suit was taking notes in a small notebook."Contract, secrecy, loyalty."As his voice fell, Luther felt as if he had been bound by something. He carefully searched for it, but it disappeared.After that, the Sorcerer-Apprentice pointed at Luther again. Luther felt his vigilance disappear, and he trusted them completely.The man in the black suit asked Luther many more questions. After Luther answered in detail, he switched to another booklet and continued to ask another person.Black Tuxedo would file the booklet and store it in the territory's archives. Currently, the territory had achieved the point where everyone had a booklet. No one had a blank booklet, and these archives were the tools of governance.After everyone had signed the confidentiality contract and loyalty contract, the man in the black suit said to everyone,"In the territory of the Wizard Tower, except for the condemned slaves, everyone else has freedom! Although you were bought as slaves, here, you will have the opportunity to become completely free people.As free people in preparation, you will be arranged by the government office to do directed labor for three years. As long as you pass the work points assessment within three years and do not violate the territory's laws, you will become a real free person … "At night, Luther was in the temporary dormitory, curiously studying the ceramic water pipes and faucets. He looked at the lights outside the window and thought to himself that everything seemed to be getting better. If only his parents and sister were here, that would be even better.A few hours ago, when Carlo entered the government office, Eddie had already arrived.Eddie had just handed in the task and was casually browsing through the tasks in the hall.According to the fourth resolution of the Magic Council, every Sorcerer-Apprentice who graduated from the elementary magic school was required to complete a paid task issued by the government office every year.A task caught Eddie's attention.Clean up the unknown monsters in the northern mining area.Related information: This group of monsters has attacked hundreds of people in the northern mining area and even killed three Sorcerer-Apprentices.The monsters are in the form of transparent liquid and seem to be able to devour other Sorcerer-Apprentices and living or dead Sorcerer-Apprentices, turning into their appearance and possessing their abilities.Any member of the Magic Council can apply. The deadline is April 30th. The minimum number of people in the team is ten.

Reward: Mr. Aise will give you a customized magic item.This is a very difficult task, Eddie thought.He was not crazy. He had just completed a paid task, and he did not want to participate in such a troublesome and uncertain task.It was not easy to save up enough magic stones. Finally, he could buy the high-level Gargoyle that he had been looking forward to for a long time, Eddie thought.This was a high-quality Gargoyle made by Mr. Aise himself. Its main material was the magic mud transformed from powerful low-level Sorcerers. The core rune structure and engraved rune circle were all soul runes.The high-level Gargoyle also had the intelligence level of a ten-year-old human child. With it, one would have a familiar that was equivalent to a hero.Of course, he was more envious of Polina. As the Sorcerer who came up with the original principle of making Gargoyles, any Sorcerer who wanted to trade Gargoyles would have to provide her with 10% of the patent.Eddie quickly left and went to Aise's Magic Item Shop. He just happened to pass by Carlo.Carlo did not stay in the hall. He went straight to a courtyard behind the hall and quickly pushed the door open."I'm an official citizen, Carlo. This is my identity badge. This is my proof of work points. I'm here to exchange for a Lesser Permanent Spirit Blessing."Carlo reached out and shook hands with the Sorcerer-Apprentice in charge. He put a piece of Lesser Magic Stone in his hand.The Sorcerer-Apprentice, who was a little cold, suddenly became enthusiastic. He put the Lesser Magic Stone in his pocket and said to Carlo, "It just so happens that a bottle of excellent Spirit Blessing potion has just arrived. The concentration of the Lesser Soul Powder is 30% higher than normal."Carlo smiled and said, "It's all up to you, Mr. Sorcerer."While Carlo was using the Lesser Permanent Spirit Blessing spell, Eddie had already arrived at the street in front of the magic school's castle. This street was the most prosperous and luxurious place in Luminous City. It was run by Aise's father, Romon.Thinking of Romon, Carlo couldn't help but feel a little emotional. Even Mr. Firebringer couldn't do some things.Romon was a person with a poor talent for Spirit. Mr. Aise had tried almost everything, but he still couldn't make Romon achieve Spirit Overclocking. This situation was not rare.In Luminous City, which had a population of 30,000, more than 4,000 people had received the Lesser Spirit Blessing or taken the cheap Lesser Wisdom Potion. However, only about 1,100 people had achieved Spirit Overclocking and became Sorcerer-Apprentices.

As for the path of a Knight, the requirements were even more stringent. Not only did they have to overclock their Spirit Overclocking, but they also had to condense their Virtue Creed. Although Mr. Aise had done his best to support them, there were only 12 Knight Squires in the entire territory.While thinking, Carlo walked into the biggest Magic Item Shop. It was Aise's Magic Item Shop. As for the other Magic Item Shops, they couldn't be compared to Aise's Magic Item Shop.Eddie chatted with the shop owner for a while. Suddenly, his face turned pale.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login