Report
                            
                            In order to achieve a good airtight performance, the caliber of the rifled gun was usually the same or even slightly larger than the caliber of the gun. Therefore, it was extremely difficult to reload.Usually, a hammer was needed to hit the push rod to push the bullet into place, which often led to a more dangerous rupture of the gun chamber. However, the Migne bullet was different.The diameter of the cone-shaped bullet was slightly smaller than the diameter of the gun chamber. There was a cone-shaped hole at the bottom of the bullet with a wooden plug at the bottom. When the bullet was fired, the gas would press the wooden plug into the hole, forcing the bottom of the bullet to expand and close the gap between the bullet and the gun chamber. This would prevent the gas from leaking out and make the bullet spin at high speed under the pressure of the rifling.At the same time, it solved the two problems of rapid loading and airtight performance.With the magic crystal shaping spell, the Migne bullet could be quickly made. The Migne bullet had a low melting point and was poisonous. It was the most deadly bullet.Ace looked at the three hundred rifled flintlocks with satisfaction in his eyes. This was the power of magic, and this was also the power of science. When the two were combined, they could create weapons that far surpassed the technological level of this era.Based on the same theory, Aise made the steel tube rifled gun. I won't go into details here.It was worth mentioning that the biggest advantage of the steel tube rifled gun was its powerful penetrating ability. When combined with the Migne bullet, it would be a powerful armor-piercing bullet. Even if it was a powerful low-level demon, it would be either dead or crippled.Aise made a total of 30 rifled guns. He looked at the freshly made guns and cannons and said to himself with satisfaction:"From this moment on, the powerful power of the gunpowder monster will be unleashed. Even mortals will have the power to protect themselves!"In the blink of an eye, a month had passed. The construction of the dam, channel, water tower, water supply, and drainage network in the territory had been completed.It was already mid-autumn. At noon, the scorching sun was roasting the earth. In the flat marble central square, all the residents of Luminous City had gathered. In the center of the square was a large fountain made of pure white marble.This was the completion ceremony of the three-month water storage, water supply, and drainage project. All the wizard apprentices and residents of Luminous City were gathered here.Aise was wearing a black sorcerer's robe, and the six-pointed star badge was shining brightly under the sun. Under the scorching sun, he should have been sweating profusely, but he didn't sweat at all.

Having completed the initial demonization of his body and soul, it was very difficult for him to be affected by cold or heat. In other words, he had a physical talent similar to cold and heat resistance.He looked around at the crowd and cast the secondary spell "Booming Spell" on himself. His magnetic voice spread to every corner of the square."Today is a lucky day. Just a few days ago, we had just finished harvesting the farmland in the north of Luminous City. We had an unimaginable harvest, and the two granaries in the city are full!Here, I would like to thank everyone present and absent. Thank you for your hard work over the past year. Now is the time for us to celebrate.I can proudly announce that we don't have to work so hard anymore. As long as our work points reach the standard, everyone can eat to their heart's content! "After Aise finished speaking, the residents present began to cheer from the bottom of their hearts. It was easy to say that they could eat to their heart's content, but in fact, many residents had been starving since they were born until now. Until now, they began to have a real sense of belonging to the territory.After a year of hard work, the barbarians' hairstyle, clothing, language, habits, and other aspects had undergone great changes. They were different from the other City-state. The signs of a unique culture of the Wizard Tower had already appeared. Coupled with the expectation of eating to their heart's content, in another generation, which was 20 years, a brand new culture and a brand new race would be formed here!"We don't just want to eat to our heart's content, we also want to eat to our heart's content!The territory's farms have begun to plan to plant vegetables and fruits. Not long ago, we also found high-quality pasture and are planting it in large quantities. In the next few years, we will raise a large number of cattle, sheep, horses, pigs, chickens, ducks, and fish.In the future, everyone's table will not only have white bread, but also roasted lamb legs, roasted suckling pigs, and steamed fish. As long as everyone is tightly united by the Wizard Tower's side, all life will only be better!Just a few months ago, we encountered a huge mountain flood, and almost the entire Luminous City was submerged. Thanks to the sorcerer-apprentices present here, they cast spells and saved us all. I suggest that everyone give a warm round of applause to the sorcerer-apprentices present here! "Even without using any mind influence spells, Aise's powerful mind power had spontaneously infected everyone. They recalled the scene when the mountain flood came and they were saved by the Wizard Apprentices. They recalled the scene when the magic beasts attacked the farmland and the scene when Aise and the others killed the magic beasts. After a moment of silence, the crowd burst into thunderous applause.

After a long time, Aise pressed the air several times and finally made everyone stop. He listened to the whispers of the crowd. They were envious of the extraordinary power, grateful to the Wizard Apprentices, and eager to become Wizard Apprentices. Such an atmosphere was the social atmosphere he wanted to create.He continued with satisfaction, "In order to completely solve the impact of the mountain flood, and also for the daily water use and drainage of everyone present, we have built a giant dam with a height of 50 meters in the western part of the valley with the power of magic!With this dam, we will no longer be troubled by the mountain flood, nor will we have to worry about irrigation when the water dries up.In addition, with the power of magic, we have built four arched aqueducts, four water storage towers, dozens of water distribution towers, and an innumerable network of water supply and drainage pipes. From today onwards, we will be able to use the sweet water of the Lustrous River without leaving our homes!This is the power of magic. Magic is the number one productivity, magic is the number one driving force, magic accelerates production, magic changes life! "Not long after Aise finished his words, the four water storage towers began to provide water under high pressure. Not long after, the large fountain behind him began to spray water automatically. The water supply test of the entire pipeline project was successful!Only with an excessive supply of water could there be sufficient water pressure. The extra water supply was used to clean every street block in the morning and at night. Then, it would flow downstream along the developed underground drainage network along with the mud and dirt.After a year, this city of citizens, probationary citizens, free citizens, and a small number of convict slaves was finally built. The whole city was protected by an eight-meter high city wall. Inside the city, there were crisscrossing stone paved roads and picturesque stone buildings. In the northern part of the city, the harvested straws were collected and composted. The vegetable and fruit plantations were being cultivated.Across the river, there was a large amount of pasture seeds being sown by the workers. The Wizard Apprentices used secondary nourishment spells to nourish the seeds and accelerate their growth. This would be the pasture of the future.Two broad stone paved roads connected the western dam and the northern mining area with the Luminous City. This was not only a large city, but also a thriving city. The only thing it lacked was more people.In the early days, Aise did not plan to conquer a large number of barbarians. Even if they were to be slaves, they would need a certain number of civilized people to better assimilate.Now that the food supply had been harvested, it was time to train the gunners and artillerymen, cut wood and build ships, and build a commercial fleet on the east coast of the Salia Peninsula.