Report
                            
                            Aise repeatedly questioned himself in his heart. After a long time, he opened his eyes and said to his mirror image, "I've indeed gone astray.Even if it's to get rid of the influence of the Abyss Whispers, I shouldn't lose my emotions. Without emotions, I'll become a pure tool. My direction is the opposite. ""This is how it feels to be a human. Emotions and humanity are indispensable. Without them, you'll lose your complete self! ""Yes, emotions need to be returned to you. The one who should truly become a pure tool should be me. As a mirror image, I can't exist for a long time. Being emotionless and purely rational is more suitable for me. "The mirror image replied rationally."Other than that, there are two more problems that need to be solved.First, how to get rid of the influence of the Abyss Whispers. The whispers will greatly disrupt emotions and bring a lot of negative emotions and negative suggestions.Second, how to maintain our synchronization at all times. As a pseudo-collective life form, we'll have serious hidden dangers if we're not in tune for a long time. "The original Aise continued."As for getting rid of the influence of the Abyss, I think we can use the Mechanized Mind to suppress the chaotic instincts of Abyss creatures.We need to create a magic item that can automatically suppress emotional fluctuations when emotional fluctuations reach a certain threshold, restore rationality and strengthen one's will.The tool runes that need to be used are induction runes, calming runes, emotional suppression runes, and willpower runes. The purpose is to induce calm thinking, strengthen one's will, and strengthen one's sense of existence.The ultimate goal is to ensure one's integrity and not be affected by the Abyss. "The mirror image Aise slowly explained his thoughts."This is a temporary solution, but it's not a long-term solution. We need to observe more forms of projection of other creatures, learn their projection methods, integrate the strengths of a hundred schools of thought, and improve the current projection ritual. Only then can we solve the problem fundamentally. "The main body, Ace, frowned and pondered carefully before replying."Then let's start by returning your emotions to you. Please cast the Mechanized Mind on yourself first."The mirror image Aise said with a smile.After the original Aise activated the spell 'Mechanized Mind' in the soul space, the two began to synchronize their minds again. All the emotions that belonged to Aise began to return. Along with the regular trembling of the spirit, Aise's soul also trembled.

He felt that the important existence that he had been missing, the existence that had made his heart empty, had returned.Aise's eyes regained their gentleness, with the light of rationality and humanity. He was immersed in his memories.Everything from his previous life flashed through his mind like a train. Those were his most precious memories, the source of his humanity, and the source of his way of thinking.In this life, he spent a lot of time with his parents. When he was blacksmithing at the Eighth Street, he saw how angry Romon was, and he felt sorry for his mother Marina's hard work. He was touched by Romon's action of selling his ancestral armor to raise money for tuition.Professor Peter and the others, the bonfire festival at Port Tsmali, and the memories of the group of sorcerer-apprentices on the road."This is me, the human me, the original me. Because I was touched, because of human nature, I was lucky enough to be promoted to an advanced apprentice by a freak combination of factors, and became an existence comparable to a hero.How can I abandon my feelings now and turn myself into a tool? "Aise's tears slowly flowed down. The Mechanized Mind only suppressed his emotions to the extreme, but it did not mean that there were no emotional fluctuations. Although it was a bit faint, he found himself again, found his original self."On the path of pursuing truth, I lost myself in power and knowledge, and almost lost myself! If I become a tool of pure rationality, even if I pursue the truth, what can I do? "Aise's teary eyes slowly opened. He looked at the mirror image and said in a gentle but determined voice, "As a mirror image, you have now given all your feelings to me. In the collective of Aise, I, as the original body, will bear all the happiness, anger, sorrow, and joy. I will bear all the responsibilities of myself.As an extension of the concept of Aise, you only need to bear part of the functions, maintain pure rationality, and become an academic doppelganger. Contribute to my magic research and training apprentices. "He had straightened out his thoughts. Creating a mirror image through projection was the first step for Aise to evolve from a single life form to multiple life forms.This step was extremely difficult, accompanied by many problems and hidden dangers. The murmurs of the abyss and the mirror image could not be synchronized with the original body in real time. However, the evolution of a life form had already begun.It was not scary to discover problems or hidden dangers. These were all new research directions. All the problems and troubles were the beginnings of new research topics. And all of this would make him more perfect and stronger.

Once again, Ace and his mirror image synchronized and activated the soul spell "Mechanized Mind" and the soul spell "Limited Thought Stamp", a variant of the soul spell "Advanced Apprentice Guidance Spell".Along with the rhythm of the magic power, two complicated rune structures appeared in front of Aise. Under the control of Aise, they approached each other and connected with the magic lines, gradually forming a complicated rune circle.Aise waved his hands and followed the rhythm of the magic power, injecting a bit of his spiritual will into the rune circle. The rune circle absorbed the brainwashing effect similar to that of the Advanced Apprentice Guidance Spell. It carried Aise's suggestion to the mirror image: loyalty, rationality, and indifference.He pushed the rune circle to the mirror image's chest naturally, and the mirror image accepted it calmly. A complicated rune circle appeared on its chest and then disappeared, invisible to the naked eye.Emotions were the source of human nature. As a mirror image, in a situation where they couldn't always be on the same tune and frequency, it was safer and more reliable to reduce emotions and maintain rationality. It was in Ace's interest to be a tool without emotions."Then, original body, it's your turn to welcome the apprentices and their families from afar. Please excuse me for leaving first. I need to study how to create a magic item that can suppress and strengthen the self-awareness when the emotions fluctuate to a certain threshold. "The mirror image bowed forty-five degrees to Aise and then stepped back."Wait!"He strode forward and rushed to the mirror image's side. He grabbed the ahoge, the Book Genie, that was digesting the Transcendent knowledge obtained from the Northern Territory, and yanked it off!The Book Spirit suddenly lost its nest and transformed back into a chubby little doll. It yawned and looked at the two Ace's in confusion. "I'm so full and so sleepy. I need to digest so much knowledge. Why are there two Ace's?"Aise shook his head helplessly. The book spirit was so full of knowledge that it even forgot that it could clone itself. He turned the book spirit back into the chubby ahoge and stuck it on his head. Then he nodded in satisfaction.When he evacuated from the North Region, he took some things from the underground magic lab with him. Now it was time to rebuild the lab.