Report
                            
                            "That is to say, Princess Medemus and the others are still in the camp?"Alex asked from the White Bone Throne."Yes, the terrible Lord Great Demon with a thick sore."The Shadow Eye answered with the standard Abyss praise.Alex didn't answer. He waved his hand to dismiss the Shadow Eye.After hearing so many praises from the Abyss, he was still not used to it. He felt that his head was throbbing and his anger was burning.Alex rubbed a few Shadow Succubi and frowned.The Goddess only has one chance to attack in a short period of time. They won't waste this opportunity on me. There may be something fishy, but it's not something I can participate in. If I'm really hit by the Goddess' projection, I'm afraid there's no other way but to return to the shadows.Alec thought for a while and decided to waste time here with the crusading army.Fortunately, he had just become a demon. If he was a natural Abyss Demon, he would probably rush into any conspiracy or life or death.Athena was as swift and elegant as a gust of wind as she drifted towards the direction of the former fortress. She casually killed the demons who saw her and arrived near the Abyss Lair around midnight.The once majestic Northern Fortress no longer existed. The sky was shrouded in an ominous shadow, exuding indescribable chaos and evil.Athena's eyes gradually turned pale gold. She stared at the indescribable Abyss Lair with solemnity and relief in her eyes."Isn't it dangerous, Ancestor God?!"A crisp young girl's voice came from the lips of the Golden Eye Athena."It's indeed very tricky. He's a veteran Abyss Lord. He has completely achieved a trinity with the virtual Divine Persona and virtual Priesthood bestowed by the Abyss. He can communicate with the Abyss' original consciousness at any time.Any demon, as long as it's not a Lord or above, will be changed into a shadow by his indescribable influence and become the so-called Shadow Demon. Ordinary creatures will either die or be transformed into Shadow Minions. This is just an unconscious outpouring of the power of the Gray Virtual Domain of the Abyss. "The Golden Eye Athena controlled her own divine power and spoke to Athena's consciousness in the sea of consciousness.There were still some things she didn't tell Athena. Even she didn't completely master the Realm of Elegance. Compared to the veteran Titled Lords who completely mastered the Gray Virtual Domain of the Abyss, she was still a little too young."Fortunately, the power of the Lord of Darkness is exceedingly powerful, and the World Inner's loathing and rejection towards the Abyss and Hell is extremely strong. Until now, his projection has not completely broken through the wall."

The Goddess of Elegance's projection continued to speak to Athena in her sea of consciousness.Outside the world, Kaya Holy Mountain, the divine kingdom of the Goddess of Elegance.His body was lying lazily on the throne, and Aleas' soul was feeding him delicious divine fruits. In front of the throne, there was a clear spring, and above it was the image of Athena.As a true God, he had achieved real-time synchronization, spiritual frequency, and shared consciousness with the projection in the world. He had achieved the unification of all selves in the inner and outer world.He could use his divine power to create multiple projections, and each projection had the strength of an epic hero. Because the divine power consumed by each projection was multiplied, even for him, as a newborn god, one projection was almost the limit.As a god, he could create thousands of clones with low strength. These clones were at most ordinary heroes or even mortals. However, their strength was low. Other than experiencing the various states of the mortal world, they had no other use.The projection of the Lord of Darkness had the strength of a demigod, and under the blessing of the Abyss Lair, it was even more terrifying. Fortunately, he did not arrive completely, so there was a chance to defeat and kill him.Golden-eyed Athena, with divine power, looked straight at the indescribable state that made non-gods crazy with an elegant posture. The light of divine power shone brightly, and the armor of divine power on her body turned into a white dress, elegant and dignified.A pair of bare feet stepped on the void and went straight to the Abyss Lair.Every step she took had an elegant rhythm. The Elegant Domain of Darkness and the Originator of the World absorbed powerful strength from the invisible elegance.Every step she took, the Elegant Domain expanded, competing with the indescribable darkness of the Abyss Lair.The world seemed to be trembling, and the earth cracked in the collision of this invisible domain. The dark clouds were stirred, and the ominous breath was angry. Countless gray clones crawled out from the shadows. They clamored, roared, and angrily rushed to the barefoot white-clothed, golden-eyed Athena who was walking slowly in the void.Athena did not stop. Her momentum had begun to accumulate. In the battle of domains, there must be an indomitable momentum. Once she retreated, there would be no chance of survival!The Originator of the World was moving rhythmically, and the Abyss Consciousness was roaring. The powerful beings of the Outer World were all paying attention to the battle in the Inner World. The battle between gods and demons, domain against domain, elegance against darkness!They focused their ancient eyes here. This was the beginning of a new civilization. The Inner World was invaded by the Lord of the Abyss for the first time. According to the ancient agreement, the Abyss was allowed to invade the Inner World as long as it could be summoned.

"The Goddess of Elegance, Medea, seems to be a new god. She has not even fully mastered the domain of her clergy. It is a bit difficult for her to fight against a Lord of the Abyss."An ancient being whispered with divine thoughts."It is more than difficult. It is simply hitting a stone with an egg. A projection of a new god wants to defeat the projection of a Titled Lord in his Abyss Lair. It is simply crazy."Another ancient being said directly with divine thoughts.Just as the ancient beings were watching the show and chatting like the audience under the stage, countless graceful elves were born around Athena. They carried an elegant rhythm, accompanied by passionate music, raised all kinds of weapons, and fought against the clan.Athena's figure did not change. She walked barefoot step by step, accompanied by the ripples of the domain of elegance, appearing in the air.Sacred light gradually rose around her, shrouding her whole body. A pair of beautiful white hands stretched out, and the elegant and passionate music suddenly became louder. It was as if someone was beating a big drum.In her white hands, a cold light appeared. Athena raised the cold light to her lips and blew gently.The power of the domain of elegance, accompanied by this blow, whistled out from the cold light, and instantly shrouded the entire Abyss Lair.Silent whispers that could invade people's hearts began to appear. An indescribable fear that was not a god brought along a huge shadow and rushed towards Athena.That incommunicable and indescribable being seemed to have bared his fangs. The Lord of the Abyss, Drucker Bach!Darkness instantly invaded the realm of elegance. Athena, who was barefoot and dressed in white, found it extremely difficult to take every step. She didn't hesitate. She took the delicate conch horn from her flat chest, put it under her lips, and blew it gently.Boom!