Report
                            
                            In the whole team, the enchantment apprentices led by Dana had completed their enchantment transformation. Their bodies had inherent magic power, so they were not afraid of the cold. The other apprentices who had reached the intermediate apprentice level also did not have to worry about the cold.Walloon saw that some of the ordinary people in the team had already fallen ill from the cold. He was even more anxious in his heart. He could not watch these people fall into illness or even die."Hold on a little longer. Wait for the Firebringer to come back. He is an excellent doctor. He will definitely be able to save you."Walloon said as he tightly held the hands of a few of the seriously ill people.However, the problem facing this team was not only the cold. They did not have any food. They were in a hurry to escape, so they did not have time to prepare any food. The remnants of the legion had some food, but unfortunately, it was all burned to ashes by Aise's explosion.Bayern, who was in the front of the team, was barefoot. He was holding a long wooden staff in his left hand. This staff was transformed from his magic book. He was holding the copy of the magic book given to him by Aise in his right hand. Anazir's dice were inlaid on the wooden staff.Bayern touched the dice with his power of the will, but there was no reaction."It seems that there is no danger ahead." He still did not let his guard down. The unique spell model in the magic book emerged. He began to activate the new spell model composed of the secondary rune of super vision, the secondary rune of magic sense, and the secondary rune of insight. It was the spell model of the secondary super vision.With the successful construction of the spell model, his magic power began to move. He closed his eyes. In the black and white world, white lights of different strengths appeared in his super vision.After a long time, he opened his eyes and looked at the last page of the magic book in his hand. Aise had given him the direction to move forward. He then turned around and activated the secondary sound rune as the core spell. His voice was loud and gentle, and it spread throughout the team."Everyone, follow me. First, we will go west. After crossing the mountain in front, we will follow the river to the west. At the end of the river, the Firebringer has prepared food for everyone!"The hungry crowd couldn't help but salivate when they heard that there was food. They encouraged each other. The intermediate apprentices who weren't afraid of the cold helped the normal people and beginner apprentices who were shivering as they walked towards the food.The mirror image of Aise turned into an eagle and soared in the sky, using the enhanced eagle's eyes to look around. While looking for prey, he also led the way for the people walking in the snowy mountains.

Through the signal of the magic book, he passed the directions to Bayern, and then Bayern led the group forward.It was impossible to count on this group of apprentices to hunt demons for food. Their strength was uneven. Even if the enchantment apprentices had better strength and coordination, it would be difficult for them to hunt demons in the mountains without getting hurt.These were all precious seeds that needed to undergo cruel trials, but they shouldn't be wasted here for no reason.Thus, Aise became very busy. He did not have the time to discuss the 'Hundred Thousand Whys' with the others, and could only devote himself to hunting monsters.Occasionally, when they passed by some barbarian tribes, Aise would secretly take some of their food. As long as they didn't starve to death, he didn't care about anything else.In this way, because of the slow speed of the normal people, the group only managed to cover half of the distance in nearly a month. Aise the eagle soared in the sky and swooped down next to an unlucky elephant. A large number of unstable magic crystal weapons appeared behind Aise and killed this big piece of food.The eagle transformed back into Aise, looked at the elephant's body and said in a low voice, "We have food for the next few days."He dragged the elephant's body and buried it at the place agreed with Bayern. After that, he transformed into an eagle and went around looking for herbs. There were still many sick people that needed to be treated, so Aise the mirror image was very busy.On the other side, in the nameless valley in the east of the Lar Mountains, Aise the original had completely conquered all the tribes in the valley and was leading the barbarians to build a new town.The first wall had been built, but the barbarians were too stupid, or it could be said that they had lost their civilization for too long. Without enough people to command, Aise could only use magic knowledge to force them to remember some basic knowledge and language, and very unhappily commanded them to build the town."At this time, I miss the slaves in the manor. Debt slaves from all City-state, many of them are well educated, especially Kelson. If he were here, I would be free.The apprentices have brought some relatives and friends here, I hope there are people who are good at management. "Aise the original thought as he commanded the barbarians to dig the foundation and build the house.Although it was not very easy to command, these people still played a role. The prototype of an ordinary town had appeared. According to Aise's plan, this valley would be an independent Utopia for the wizards. He would put his ideas to use here and build an academic magic society.

The core of this magic society would be Aise and other wizard apprentices, the future wizards.Aise divided the wizards into three categories:Research-type wizards, strong in academics and powerful in magic. They would study the most advanced unknowns with him and explore the mysteries of it.Research-type wizards, weak in academics and powerful in magic. They would be the main force of the battle, the armed forces of the magic society, and protect this small magic society.Mediocre wizards, weak in academics and magic. They would be the productive forces of the magic society, relying on fixed spells such as "magic tricks" to generate secondary spells, elementary enchantment skills, and general knowledge of magic potions. They would continuously produce low-end magic products for the magic society, and then the whole society would be magicized."I don't know how my father, mother, and teacher Peter are doing. For their safety, I better not appear in the City-state in the next few years. When the foundation of the academy is laid, I will go to the North to have a look. I will practice medicine and look for opportunities to break through to an official wizard. "Aise looked at the busy barbarians and thought quietly.On the other side, in the Royal City of the City-state, Medemus.The whole city was filled with sadness and fear. Dickens was the only survivor in the North. He waved the Tribute of Frost and killed his way out of the North, which had become the projection of the abyss, and arrived at the Royal City.He was stimulated by the power of the Noble Phantasm and successfully became a hero.As the chosen one of the Tribute of Frost, the royal family did not take back the Tribute of Frost. Instead, under the royal family's auspices, the royal family's daughter, Athena, who had just come of age, gave the Noble Phantasm to him.In the square of the Royal City, under the temple of the Goddess of Grace, Athena stood on the high platform. She was wearing a silver-white skirt armor, and her sky-blue hair was tied up. Her eyes were as bright as the stars, shining like rubies. Her eyebrows were firm, and a trace of worry flashed in her beautiful eyes.Under the high platform, the outermost circle was the mourning free people and citizens of the City-state. The father of a half-grown child died in the North, the three sons of an old woman died in the fortress, and the husband of a young widow died in the hands of the Gray Believers.The whole City-state was immersed in sorrow, and almost every family was wearing mourning clothes!Romon and Marina were holding hands in the crowd. Old Connie "Shut Mouth", Peter, and the others stood next to them, looking solemn.

On the inner side of the high platform, a group of divine nobles wearing white robes and purple ribbons were whispering to each other."Is this the new Descendant of Frost who serves the Tribute of Frost?""Although the Tribute of Frost is powerful, it has seven or eight masters in a row, and none of them had a good ending!""Everyone said that the short sword has the curse of the Frost Son!""Maybe, or else why didn't the royal family use it themselves?"