Report
                            
                            "I …" Olli really didn't want to let Arnaud go, but she couldn't bring herself to say it."Then no matter what, you have to come back in half an hour!""This is human nature. When danger comes, many people are not willing to abandon their family and friends. Some people will even show the glory of human nature. The path of a knight is very interesting, but whether you can survive or not depends on you. "The Night Owl, which was a mirror image of Ace, landed on a nearby city tower. Watching Arnold leave, it quietly looked around vigilantly. Everyone had their own path, and they had to be responsible for their own choices.The market was very far from the south gate. Betty and the others sped up. The heavy Apprentice I made loud mechanical sounds and steam roars, which attracted the attention of the fortress' patrolling soldiers."What's that sound? Soldiers of the third squad of the first brigade, listen to my command and advance to the left! "The leader of the Demigod team was a little nervous. He had already received the notice that the Gray Believers had infiltrated. Although he was afraid of death, he still loved the fortress and his family, so he didn't hesitate."Get out of my way! I don't want to hurt you, don't force me! "Betty screamed when she saw the soldiers running towards her.She was extremely anxious. The Gray Believers' terrifying ritual could be activated at any time. By then, the whole city would be in extreme danger and might even become a paradise for the demons.The soldiers didn't stop. They pulled out their short swords and placed them on their round shields, making crisp sounds and shouting slogans."This place is forbidden, monster! Soldiers, charge with me! "The Demigod team leader didn't hesitate. He pulled out the two-handed greatsword on his back and rushed towards the Apprentice I driven by Betty."Get out of my way, you forced me to do this. I don't want to hurt anyone, but I don't have a choice!"Betty was going crazy. She drove the Apprentice I and rushed towards the Demigod team leader with steam roars and jets.Clang!The Apprentice I's right fist was blocked by the Demigod team leader's greatsword. The Demigod team leader was sweating profusely and trembling in the face of the powerful machine.She's so strong! He was astonished. He was already considered to have great strength among the God's Missionaries, and he even had the support of this strange giant sword. This giant sword was passed down from his father's father, and it had the effect of toughness and great strength.

With his right leg as a support, his left leg rotated. With his waist as the core, his entire body rotated along with the giant sword, and he actually guided the type 1 apprentice to the right.He spun in a circle, and the giant sword attacked from the left.Seeing this, Betty immediately activated the Magic Crystal Shield on her wrist. Clang!His strength was so great that the Magic Crystal Shield actually cracked a little.However, the flaws were also exposed. Once there was an opening, it would be a matter of life and death!With a huge roar of steam, Betty controlled the Apprentice Type 1 and shot out five steam missiles from her right arm, instantly piercing through the chest of the Demi-God Captain."I said, don't force me! Do you still want to force me? " Betty seemed to have gone mad as she drove the Type 1 Apprentice. The three people behind her swayed as if they were about to vomit.When the soldiers saw Betty's strength and their dead captain, they were scared out of their wits and scattered in all directions.Betty did not chase after them. She stopped the Type 1 Apprentice and stood still. Her left hand covered her chest, and she felt an indescribable disgust.Donna checked the Demi-God Captain, and after confirming that he was dead, she pulled out the giant sword and placed it in Betty's mechanical arm."You're not wrong, we're not wrong. We just want to live, we just want to escape from the terrifying ritual of the Dark Believers. Let's go! "Donna held Betty's left hand and comforted her.Betty controlled the mechanical arm and looked at the giant sword in her hand. Her eyes flashed with guilt and determination. Some things were not about right or wrong, but about one's position.Under the orders of the Dark Believers' leader, Alex Rona, all the Dark Believers spread out with the Dark Priest as the core. They attacked the Demi-Gods in the stronghold and killed all the living creatures they saw.Anzesta led the fifteen children and carefully left the orphanage, rushing towards the South Gate. He walked at the back of the group, vigilantly observing his surroundings.Ever since the Creed of Compassion merged with his inherent magic and finally fed back to his heart, his entire body, especially his heart, had undergone a huge change.His intuition, especially his combat intuition, had become very sharp, and his overall physical fitness had been greatly improved. It was not temporary like the enchantment martial arts, but a permanent improvement.His heart seemed to have become some kind of power source, constantly providing him with Heart Force.

Heart Force could be used to strengthen his body and weapons, but correspondingly, his sensitivity to magic seemed to have dulled a lot. He was not very good at spells in the first place, and now it was even more difficult for him to use various secondary spells."Meditation seems to have changed too. It's a bit uncomfortable for me to use meditation directly. If I can escape, I'll try to modify it to make it more suitable for me."There are also various spells. It seems that because my creed has merged with inherent magic and turned into Heart Force, it doesn't match with them. Maybe this path of a knight is not completely compatible with spells. I don't know if I can meet the Firebringer and ask him how to adapt. He's the founder of the path of magic, so he must have a deeper understanding. "Anzesta thought as he looked around.He suddenly felt a chill crawl up his spine, straight to the back of his head!The special ability of Heart Force, Intuition of Danger, caused Anzesta to immediately jump back. He drew the knight's longsword from his back and poured his Heart Force into it. This ordinary and somewhat rusty longsword actually became as blue as water, brimming with the power of Heart Force.Clang!The sword swayed slightly, carrying with it a wave-like blue as it slashed out in a semicircle.The shadow where Anzesta had been standing a moment ago moved, as if something was about to come out. It just so happened to meet the blue moon slash."Hiss …"Accompanied by the sound of the longsword entering a body, something in the shadow seemed to have been injured.Anzesta's Heart Force poured into his eyes. The huge amount of Heart Force seemed to have changed the nature of his eyes. Time was of the essence, so Anzesta used too much Heart Force. Tears of blood flowed out of his eyes.But he saw it clearly!"One, two, three … fourteen. They're all hiding in the shadows."A drop of cold sweat fell from Anzesta's forehead. These fellows hadn't moved yet, so he pretended not to know. His mind spun furiously, trying to think of a way to safely take these children away.Fortunately, these hooded believers hiding in the shadows all had their eyes on Anzesta, who clearly had extraordinary strength. Only one of them walked towards the fifteen children, while the others slowly approached Anzesta.Anzesta focused his Heart Force on his legs and longsword. Blue ripples flashed past. Clang!Three of the Heart Force's closest believers fell. Anzesta didn't change his direction. His Heart Force erupted, and his entire body shot out, slashing at the Heart Force's closest believer.