Report
                            
                            This was the true portrayal of human life in the Lar Mountains. In an environment where monsters were rampant, even with the protection of extraordinary power, tragedies would happen every moment. If there was a demonic wave, the monsters in the entire northern part of the mountains would riot, and the entire tribe would be annihilated!Unlike the familiar places of civilized countries, monsters rarely appeared, and powerful descendants of gods ruled over this place. With the protection of the gods, no matter how beautiful this valley was, it could not change the fact that monsters were breeding here. The mortals living here could only rely on themselves.After calming down, Aise put away the Hand of Magic and canceled the magic crystal weapon. He straightened his left hand and waved it down heavily. Buzz!His powerful mental power spread out in an instant, sweeping through the entire reclaimed field with anger and solemnity. The cheers and cries of the crowd were shocked by his powerful mental power. Everyone instantly held their breaths, and could only hear some soft sobbing that was difficult to control.He quickly walked to the mother and sensed her body with his power of the will. There was still some residual warmth in her body. Aise looked at the unconscious boy and then at the mother. Suddenly, the image of Marina hugging him appeared in his mind.He murmured to the mother, "No matter what, please don't die in front of me. Please hold on!"In front of Aise, two soul runes were quickly constructed and entered the lower level of his soul space. The water element rune and the nourishment rune were quickly outlined and formed in an instant. The soul spell with the power of life and the spell model of the nourishment spell were also quickly formed in the upper level of his soul space.He activated the spell model of the nourishment spell. With the sound of flowing water, a large amount of mist with the power of nourishment began to appear and surrounded Aise with the rhythm of magic power.As Aise pointed his finger at the brave mother, the sound of flowing water was heard. The mist with the movement of hope rushed to the mother who still had some residual warmth.The mist warmed her and nourished her with the vitality of life. Her eyes gradually regained a trace of light. Her index finger trembled slightly as she struggled to get up and look at her unconscious son not far away.Bang!She fell heavily and couldn't get up again.After a long time, her body gradually became cold and her eyes gradually lost their light. Even the nourishment spell on the level of the soul spell could not save her.On her deathbed, she raised her finger and pointed at her son. She looked at Aise with pleading eyes and fell asleep forever.For mortals without extraordinary power, even if they died, their soul would not even appear. Only a little bit of the true spirit would disappear without a trace.

Aise was silent and continued to use the nourishment spell to save her son. The little boy's injuries were mainly on his shoulder. Under the effect of Aise's nourishment spell, the injuries on his body gradually recovered and the poison was removed. He fell into a deep sleep.Ace looked at the little boy who was sleeping soundly. He signaled Leon with his eyes and carried him to the side to take care of him.When Aise's son's son, Aise's's's life, Aise's Aise's, Aise's, thought.He then used the nourishment spell on the injured free people and citizens in preparation. Although he saved most of them, there were still a few who died of serious injuries.The rescued people thanked Aise in whispers, and the residents who lost their loved ones sobbed. Aise waved at Leon, who was covered in dust and holding a round shield and short sword.Leon quickly ran to Aise and knelt on the ground. He sobbed and said, "My Lord, I didn't think it through. I didn't prepare for the attack of the monsters. Please punish me!"Aise looked at Leon, who was covered in dust, and reached out to help him up. He said gently, "This is not your fault. You are only mortals. It would be difficult for you to resist these monsters. Today, we will stop digging the ditch and bring the people back to the settlement. Tomorrow, I will send a few wizard apprentices here to help you dig the ditch and protect you. "At this moment, the ahoge on top of Aise's head yawned like a human. It suddenly stood up and began to shake.The book spirit had woken up.Late at night, Aise finally returned to his residence after dealing with the unexpected events of the day, comforting the people in his territory, and arranging for Anzesta and Arnaud to take turns to cultivate the land.Under the cold light of the controllable light orb, Aise reached his hand to the top of his head and pulled the ahoge off.He bent his index finger and quickly straightened it. Slap!"Ouch, ouch!" The ahoge transformed into a chubby little doll and cried out while holding its head."Why did you sleep for so long?" Aise asked the chubby doll."I, I don't know …" The chubby doll scratched its head and said in a granny voice, "I ate a lot of delicious knowledge, and then I became very, very sleepy! By the way, Aise said that he would share endless knowledge with me. Where is it? Where is it? "The little chubby book spirit floated in the air and circled around Aise happily.

Slap!Before it could continue to be happy, it was slapped down by Aise like a mosquito. It dizzily fell into Aise's palm.Aise held the book spirit in his palm and asked the question in his heart."What is the Sea of Emptiness? Is the strange sea that we entered through the spiritual link real or an illusion? And what is that aura that feels like the truth? "The book spirit struggled desperately and said to Aise, "Aise, it's too tight. Relax a little.""What a terrible line." Aise opened his palm. The book spirit coughed a few times and said in a granny voice."The Sea of Emptiness is the filler outside the world. It's the border between reality and illusion. Countless spaces and planes are floating in it. Other than the existence of Legend and above, only the creatures of laws, dream creatures, and void creatures can survive in it.The sea that we entered was real. It should be an alternate dimension that was formed by coincidence. This is also the first time I've seen it. I don't know about the aura that feels like the truth. "Aise was a little puzzled and asked, "What is the outside of the world? Is there an inside of the world? What are the three creatures you mentioned?"The book spirit floated up from Aise's palm and said with a confident look on its chubby face."I am a creature of the laws. The dream creature is the snake that you killed. I don't know much about void creatures, but I heard that they are chaotic and powerful. The three of us are the natives of the Sea of Emptiness.The outside of the world is relative to the inside. The inside of the world is the real Main Material Plane, and the outside is an extension. I don't know the details, but the combination of the inside and the outside is this world! "Aise was thinking about the book spirit's words. This was the first time he understood the composition of this world. Although he was a little confused, he had a general understanding of the situation.