Report
                            
                            As the magic power fluctuated violently, the mist formed by the sacrificial magic circle flowed into the random positioning magic circle.The non-directional summoning magic circle was composed of four magic circles: sacrifice, random positioning, contract, and summoning.The sacrificial magic circle was Aise's old friend. It was often used in the mirror ceremony and blessing ceremony, so it could be adapted with a little modification.The random positioning magic circle was a new one. After studying the forbidden knowledge of the Abyss, Aise had obtained a spatial coordinate rune. Through this rune, he could communicate with the corresponding location in the world, regardless of whether it was in the inner or outer world.However, Aise did not dare to communicate with it rashly. This coordinate was almost certain to lead to a certain level of the Abyss, probably the level of the Lord of Gray. If he communicated with it, he would be courting death.After several experiments, Aise improved the coordinate rune and spent half a year to derive a new set of runes, the random coordinate rune set, to create random coordinates.The random positioning magic circle not only had the function of random coordinates, but also had the function of sensing and sensing. Through this method, Aise could roughly determine the strength of the target and the environment.If the target was too strong or the environment was not right, he could stop it at any time.This was because the summoning magic circle was an independent set of compound magic circles, which included the spatial coordinate rune set and the summoning rune set where Aise was.The whole summoning process was to first perform a sacrifice, then use the ritual mist as a driving force to randomly locate the target and determine its strength. After confirming the target's strength, a contract would be formed, and finally, the target would be summoned.Currently, there were three types of contracts: master-slave contract, reciprocal contract, and trade contract. Each contract had a clause that the summoner could not be harmed.This was the result of Aise's half a year of study. The book spirit had stored a lot of contract knowledge that Aise could not understand at the moment. Even a small part that he could understand benefited him a lot.Soon, the ritual mist merged with the random positioning magic circle. Mana drove the ritual mist to breathe rhythmically. The spatial barrier was gradually broken through, and the random coordinate rune set on the magic circle flashed rapidly.A string of strange symbols appeared and gradually merged into a unique rune. Aise hurriedly recorded it in the magic book. This was a directional spatial coordinate rune.The perception effect was activated. Aise's mental antennae came into contact with the random positioning magic circle. He instantly felt as if he had traveled through space and sensed the situation on the other side of the spatial barrier.Aise was like a spirit. Suddenly, he passed through the spatial barrier. Through the spatial positioning effect, he spied on the boundless grassland on the other side. Enormous beasts were resting on the grassland.

With his Mana Sensitivity, Aise didn't sense any Mana. He found it hard to believe. This was the spatial positioning of the world. Could there be a Mana free space somewhere?The creatures seemed to move very quickly. The sky turned from night to day in the blink of an eye. Aise, who was observing, felt as if he was slowing down, or rather, the spatial coordinates on the other side were passing by very quickly.He tried to find the creature that he had located. After searching for a long time, he only found a human corpse that seemed to have been dead for decades.Because he did not establish a stable contract with the targeted creature, Aise was quickly rejected by this strange place. The spatial barrier gradually thickened, and like a dream disappearing, Aise's consciousness instantly returned to his body.He opened his eyes. The summoning ritual had failed, but he was not depressed. Instead, he was very excited."According to the book spirit's description, this world is divided into an inner and outer side. The inner side is the Prime Material Plane, and the outer side is the Sea of Emptiness. There are also countless alternate dimensions, half-planes, and quasi-planes. I might have located an unknown place, or at least an alternate dimension.If the number of spatial coordinates recorded increases, I can make a book to record these coordinates and the information about alternate dimensions, half-planes, sub-planes, quasi-planes, and other strange places. This book will be called the 'Book of Coordinates'.The summoning circle can guide and teleport creatures from the other side of the spatial barrier. I can definitely reverse the summoning in the future. Perhaps one day, I will be able to travel the entire world of Kaya! "Aise became more and more excited as he spoke. In the end, he was almost shouting in the experimental level."Too bad I don't have a mirror image. Otherwise, he would definitely say, as expected of me."Aise said with some regret. After the mirror image exploded the giant monster, it turned into a soul fragment and returned to the main body.He had a new idea about the mirror image projection ritual. He wanted to use the form of telepathy to realize that the main consciousness could command the sub-consciousness, so that the main consciousness could descend into the body of the clone at any time.He also had a new idea about separating the soul fragment.Limited by his current strength and knowledge, Aise could not use it for the time being. Therefore, he decided to wait for the wizards to grow. He wanted to use the power of the collective to open the door to the next level of life.

Aise conducted many more summoning experiments and recorded seven different spatial coordinates. These seven times, he did not encounter any space with a different flow of time. All seven times, the locations were somewhere in the inner side of the world of Kaya.He did not locate any humans or monsters. They were all ordinary beasts and even plants. There was no value in summoning them.He also could not reverse the summoning to the other side. After all, he had not figured out a way to reverse the summoning. This was just an idea."This is the eighth time. Let's hope I can get a valuable but not too powerful creature at random."Aise muttered in a low voice as he activated the sacrificial magic circle. As the sacrificial mist flowed into the circle, the space barrier seemed to be pulled closer. Aise was quickly approaching a mysterious place.A unique spatial coordinate rune appeared. After Aise recorded it, he touched the magic circle with his spiritual feelers. He suddenly felt like he had traveled through time. He peered at the coordinates like a spirit.In the dazzling crimson light and a few faint crimson lights, a few people seemed to be discussing something in the resplendent hall. As soon as Ace's spirit appeared, the few people with the faint crimson light did not react. However, the crimson light figure seemed to have sensed something and glared in Ace's spirit's direction with sullen eyes."F * ck, could it be that we've located the lair of some great hero? Sorry to disturb you! "Ace almost suffocated from his spirit body's point of view, although he shouldn't be able to feel suffocated.If the spirit was rolling and crawling, then he was rolling and crawling back quickly with his spiritual feelers, trying to cut off the connection with the coordinates before the other party could react.The distance between the space barrier began to increase. Aise's spirit was secretly escaping.The great hero level divine noble sitting in the main seat seemed to have sensed something. He snorted. Under the crimson light, his left hand seemed to have reached out, and a dazzling light appeared.Aise, who was retreating, was brushed by the dazzling power of the morning light. The power of the morning light burned his spiritual feelers like maggots.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login