Report
                            
                            The other wizard apprentices who were fantasizing about the bright future all sneered when they heard Arnaud's words.Betty, who had recovered from her frustration of bending forward, was imagining how to make better magic machines in the future. She said to Arnaud with disappointment."Are you really a wizard? You're going to learn such tempting knowledge in the next five years. Instead of being excited and unhappy, you're saying something discouraging! ""Arnaud didn't say anything discouraging! He's just, he's just a slow learner. He'll definitely become a qualified wizard! "The black-haired, black-eyed Olga, with her long, silky straight hair, glared at Betty, her cute little face puffed up with anger as she lowered her head and spoke to the short, flat ponytailed Betty."Actually, I'm a knight …"Arnaud explained. Both of them stared at him fiercely. His voice was getting smaller and smaller in their eyes.Anzesta looked at Arnaud and the others with nostalgia in her eyes. She often stared at him fiercely like this.Not far away, Warren opened his magic book and tried his best to memorize it. There were too many new things, and he didn't understand them yet. He just wanted to memorize them. When he understood, he would ask Aise for advice.Bayern was a little excited. Aise's description of the future was in line with his expectations. Such a society would be a society of scholars, a society of researchers, and extraordinary knowledge was power!Aise waited for everyone to have a good discussion before he continued."All of this is not free. Please take out your magic books and transform them into their original forms."The group of wizard apprentices took out all kinds of magic books that were not completely transformed and transformed them into their original forms. They felt cold to the touch. The hard shell magic paper was made of demon bones and demon fur. There was a simple hexagram pattern on it, and below it was a sentence.Aise said to everyone, "Please read this sentence out loud and repeatedly!"The crowd of Apprentice Adepts read out this sentence one after another:"Keep secrets, watch and help each other, exchange of equal value, respect knowledge, seek the truth."Aise's voice became impassioned. The soul spell "Suggestion" was in effect. Induction, Empathy, and Willpower Runes flickered one after another. The solemn atmosphere gradually took shape."This is my agreement with you! This is the principle of the founders of the path of magic, the Fire Relayer, and all adepts. It is a promise that we will follow and fulfill for the rest of our lives! "The gazes of the people who were reciting this sentence became solemn.

"I will teach you magic books, help you overclock your mind, and guide you on the path of Extraordinary. In the next five years, I will also teach you basic magic knowledge.According to the principle of equivalent exchange, you will share the knowledge and research results you discover in the future to me for free. I have the right to use it for free. At the same time, according to the principle of confidentiality, I cannot share the knowledge and research results with a third party without permission.If you accept my reward, it will be regarded as allowing me to share my knowledge and results with a third party. The gains will be divided equally between us. "Aise looked around at the crowd and said slowly, "This is my agreement with you, and it is also recorded in the contract of the magic book. Regarding this agreement, who agrees and who disagrees?"When the faces of the wizard apprentices were solemn, Bayern was the first to stand up. His expression was solemn, as if he was on a pilgrimage.He said, "This is a fair agreement, this is a sacred agreement. The founder has given us the foundation of Extraordinary and taught us the foundation of magic. As an individual, I, Bayern, am willing to use the knowledge and research results I have obtained for the rest of my life to share with the Fire Relayer!"Sulu stared at the old man and felt that he was a strong competitor. He also stood up and said, "I, Sulu, am also willing to share with the Fire Relayer!"Dana found that the two of them had stolen her role as Aise's number one fan. She came out of her infatuation state and hurriedly stood up. She blushed and said softly, "I am willing to share everything I have with the Fire Relayer."The other wizard apprentices also spoke one after another, agreeing with this decision.Aise looked at the apprentices happily. This was human nature, this was him, manipulating the apprentices in the name of "equivalent exchange" in exchange for their future knowledge and research results.But it was still not enough. The contract ceremony alone might only be able to bind the apprentices. He was afraid that he would need a new contract for the official wizards.In the future, he would have to try to deduce and improve while discovering more extraordinary things related to contracts. Perhaps the demons who were proficient in contracts would be the perfect research targets.The last time Aise used the spiritual imprint network to deduce, he felt something strange. The spiritual imprint that was bound by the contract and constantly nourished by the holder's magic power seemed to have some soul-shaking changes when it was linked into a network.Yesterday, when Aise was synchronized with the mirror image, he felt that this feeling was somewhat familiar and abnormal. Perhaps the spiritual imprint network could become a witness like the great hero Arnaud!

He planned to try his own conjecture now and see if he could use the spiritual imprint network shared by the wizard apprentices to witness his agreement with the wizards!He could even consider studying the nature of the spiritual imprint network and try to figure out how to solve the problem of synchronizing the mirror images.After thinking about it, Aise chanted a spell, and the magic book floated in the air. He solemnly pressed on the first page of the contract ceremony page and said.Following the rhythm of his magic power, the apprentices could not help but press their hands on the first page of their magic books.With the help of the spiritual imprint on the second page and the book spirit on top of Aise's head, their souls began to tremble. Their power of the will connected with each other and gradually stabilized in a certain frequency range, linking into a strong spiritual imprint network!Some kind of strong soul resonance was produced, and the book spirit's fat ahoge also trembled in a very regular frequency. Aise seemed to have heard the book spirit's tender voice."How did we come to the Sea of Unreal …"In this network, every apprentice was a node. They could feel other apprentices, and they could also feel the fat ahoge on top of Aise's head as the hub.When they formed the spiritual imprint network and resonated with the book spirit's soul, a strange change occurred.They seemed to have entered a dimension that was both real and illusory. In a trance, it was as if they had entered the mother world, or as if they had entered a warm ocean.The people here were all the wizards in this world. Their spiritual imprint network represented the collective surface consciousness of all the wizards. Under normal circumstances, they could only form a stable collective surface consciousness.However, it was different this time. The collective close soul resonance was on the same frequency as the creatures of laws. With the help of the creatures of laws, their collective consciousness had entered another dimension, transcending the collective surface consciousness and going deep into the collective subconscious.At this time, they shifted their sight to the unknown world that was invisible to mortals. The outer layer of the world, the layer between illusion and reality, the Sea of Unreal.