Report
                            
                            Under the control of the Hand of Magic, the ashes of the White Flame Tooth Tongue Flower were evenly sprinkled on the Magic Mashed Tofu Steamed Egg.The moment the Magic Mashed Tofu Steamed Egg came into contact with the ashes of the White Flame Tooth Tongue Flower, a mysterious chemical reaction seemed to have taken place.The extreme freshness and fiery spiciness instantly turned the Magic Mashed Tofu Steamed Egg into a super spicy and super fresh Fire Magic Mashed Tofu Steamed Egg.Aise looked at the tender steamed egg and the burning surface. He couldn't help but swallow his saliva. He activated the Soul Magic Sensitivity. In the vision of the Soul Magic, this Magic Mashed Tofu Steamed Egg with extreme freshness and spiciness was actually flickering with some kind of blurry rune structure!"Why can food give birth to runes and rune structure? What do runes represent? Can we assume that as long as any domain reaches the Transcendent level, the corresponding runes will be born? "Looking at this spoonful of Magic Mashed Tofu Steamed Egg, which could be said to have become a Transcendent item, Aise took a small bite.It was as smooth as a beauty's cream, as hot as boiling lava, as springy as the texture of the meat and the colorful tofu. The taste and texture of the ingredients intertwined in his mouth, and his taste buds instantly exploded.Magic power gathered in his mouth, bringing about an invisible rhythm, triggering some kind of rule of the world as if celebrating the birth of a Transcendent domain.The faint Originator's Favor swept over and merged with the Magic Mashed Tofu Steamed Egg in Aise's mouth, raising this dish by several levels.Aise felt as if he was in an illusion, entering an indescribable pleasure and enjoyment. In just a few seconds, the mysterious runes on the Magic Mashed Tofu Steamed Egg took effect.The delicacy turned into a liquid, fermenting in his mouth. Aise reluctantly swallowed it into his stomach. Boom!His soul trembled. After the extreme enjoyment, he felt his body recover a little.Delicacies could make up for and even slightly improve the level of one's life?Aise was shocked. He activated his Insight Perception and carefully observed the changes in his body.The delicacies flowed into Aise's bloodstream through the folds of the stomach's mucous membrane, nourishing his body with some kind of rule power. Although it was very little, it obviously broke some kind of restriction and improved the foundation of his body."I seem to have experienced this mysterious feeling before!"Aise recalled the first magic paper he wrote, "Spellcasters: A Systematic Study of Corrupting Jackals." When he finished that paper, he also felt that some kind of mental restraint had been broken.Lose on the swings, gain on the roundabouts!

Aise thought to himself. The almost irreversible loss of his foundation due to the advancement of his soul level was mostly made up for at this moment.Aise could clearly feel that although his body was weak and his foundation had not fully recovered, the state of constant bleeding had ended. As long as he had enough nutrition, his body should be able to recover.Aise sprinkled the remaining ashes of the White Flame Tooth Tongue Flower and tasted it a few more times. It still had the runic structure, the magic rhythm, the taste buds exploding, and the effect of nourishing the body. However, the effect of breaking the shackles, restoring the foundation, and strengthening the foundation had disappeared."This steamed egg with minced meat and tofu has been added with the ashes of the White Flame Tooth Tongue Flower. It can be called a steamed egg with minced meat and tofu. Everyone, have a taste. "After hearing Aise's words, everyone scooped up a spoonful. The exquisite taste conquered them in an instant, and the effective nourishment for the body made them very surprised."This food actually has a mysterious runic structure, and it also has a beneficial magic effect that nourishes the body and soul. This is a real magical delicacy!"One of the Apprentice Adepts exclaimed in admiration after activating Secondary Insight."Logan, you were the one who discovered the seasoning effect of the White Flame Tooth Tongue Flower and indirectly created this magical delicacy. How about you take the lead, and the other apprentices here will assist you in writing a paper about magical delicacies?"Aise looked at Logan and the other apprentices and suggested. He hoped that the few of them here could obtain the corresponding patent for magical delicacies. Food that could improve the body and soul would definitely be popular among all Magi in the future.As for Aise, as the master of the Wizard Tower territory and the mentor of all the Magi, the richer the territory, the more diverse the paths of Magi, the more advantageous it would be for him.After all, all patents, transactions, and so on had to be taxed.Aise sprinkled the remaining Steamed Egg with Minced Meat and Tofu with the ashes of the White Flame Tooth Tongue Flower, making a real magical delicacy, Steamed Egg with Minced Meat and Tofu. He then filled a transparent magic crystal bowl with it and returned to the secret chamber.In the Sea of Reality, the crystal creature looked at the flickering magic circle in front of it, and its patience was running out. It spared some of its power to maintain the operation of the magic circle, and at the same time, it said angrily with a childish voice, "You've wasted so much of my energy."You actually made me wait for so long and even used up my precious energy. If you can't satisfy me, I'll grab you through the spatial barrier and play with you in the Sea of Illusory."

At this moment, a flash of light came from the magic circle, and Aise returned to the secret chamber. Although the problem of his body had not been completely solved, Aise felt a lot more relaxed after seeing the hope of recovery.As the magic circle drew closer, Aise felt that the air was heavy. It seemed that a long time had passed, and the powerful presence became more and more terrifying and unpredictable."Is it because I've waited for too long that the existence is angry?"Aise felt a bit suffocated. It was too difficult to make an equivalent exchange with a powerful creature. Although the benefits were great, it was also extremely dangerous!"You've made me wait for so long. Unless you've prepared super delicious food for me, you'd better prepare to play with me in the Sea of Reality for the rest of your life!"The crystal creature finally waited for Aise to return, and it controlled Aise through the magic circle in an instant. It reached out its childish claw and formed a huge crystal claw in the secret chamber on the other side of the space barrier with its magic power.In the secret chamber, Aise heard a majestic voice that directly hit his soul. The crystal claw formed by magic power suddenly appeared and almost occupied the entire space in the secret chamber."Worm, you've made me wait for so long. If you can't satisfy me, you'll have to serve me in person."Aise listened to the creepy words, but he was not particularly scared. Instead, he stared at the crystal claw.It was a bit like a lion's claw. What kind of creature was it?Then, he buried this thought in his heart and put the Steamed Egg with Roasted Meat and Tofu in a 50-centimeter-wide bowl on the sacrificial magic circle. Then, he activated the sacrificial and summoning magic circles.Aise could not reverse the summoning, but the crystal creature on the other side of the space barrier could easily reverse the summoning magic circle through the sacrificial magic circle.With the rhythm of magic power, the space started to distort. About a minute later, the Steamed Egg with Roasted Meat and Tofu disappeared.The crystal creature looked at the magic crystal bowl that was about the same size as itself and smelled the aroma."Fire, fragrance, smoothness, and elasticity. It seems to contain some special rhythm of magic power. I'm going to eat!"The crystal creature flew above the big magic crystal bowl, opened its big mouth, and took a big bite, chewing hard. It had never tasted the smoothness and the spiciness. The taste and the touch of the ingredients intertwined in the crystal creature's mouth, and its taste buds exploded instantly.


                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login