Report
                            
                            After a while, Carloso said to Polina:"This is another paper that can be published in Spells, but it's not my original goal of studying strange monsters. I hope to use its ability to devour and transform to develop a unique transformation ability that belongs to us wizards.Although the current transformation spell can transform into a monster, it can't completely transform into a monster. It can only be somewhat similar to a monster.Many of the monsters' unique abilities can't be used. I hope to develop a unique method that can allow us to freely transform into various monsters. "Polina thought for a while and said:"I'm afraid this idea of yours can't be achieved overnight. Let's first publish the results of our current research, then you can exchange it for an advanced apprentice promotion ceremony.Speaking of which, thanks to Mr. Aise's invention of the magic microscope, it gave us the eyes to observe the microscopic supernatural world. Otherwise, a lot of research would have been stalled. "At the same time, Aise's research on the blessed light ball also had some preliminary results. After almost ten years of storage, most of the energy in the blessed light ball had naturally evaporated. Without the power of faith, it was easier to observe the original appearance of the blessed light ball.Aise fixed the blessed light ball on the imprisonment rune circle and used the magic microscope to observe its internal structure again."I can confirm that the blessed light ball is formed by two different rune structures. And the rune structure is made up of level-1 runes. In other words, it's equivalent to a level 2 spell in my standard spell system! "Aise believed that the runes were level-1 runes because he couldn't observe them when he was an advanced apprentice, but he could when he was an official wizard.Because he was worried that casually combining spell models would affect his future choices, Aise's first spell was very careful."Logically speaking, a level 1 spell is still made up of level-0 runes, so it shouldn't affect the soul space after the life force is injected into it. Because the soul space should be upgraded to a level 1 life form, only a level 2 spell can have a corresponding effect. But this is just a guess. I'm only a quasi-official wizard, so I don't dare to test it."Since it was related to himself, he had to be careful. So he only had some level 0 spells (the original soul spells) floating in his soul space. He didn't dare to combine any level 1 spells.He thought for a while and continued to study the two spell models that he had deconstructed from the Blessing Ball. Aise was very familiar with one of the spell models.

"This deconstructed and changeable rune pattern is too familiar!"Aise immediately copied the spell from his soul space and compared it with the 3D Spell Model Deconstruction. He also analyzed the runes in detail."It can't be wrong. The two runes are related to each other. High-level runes have more and richer rune groups. I was just thinking about how to deduce a Level-1 rune from a Level-0 rune, and now there is a ready-made result for me to analyze!"The runes that formed this Level 2 spell model were the Simulation Rune Group!"According to the structure of this rune group, I can degrade the corresponding 1st-circle spell model. Not only that, this corresponding structure of the runes provides a paradigm for upgrading other 0th-circle spell models!The only question now was whether a first-circle spell model would affect his choice of path! I don't know how far Logan's research has progressed. Can he provide that existence with magic delicacies? Or will that existence continue to enjoy magic delicacies? "Aise muttered to himself while unconsciously hitting the masked man, making him cry out in pain and pleasure."I almost forgot about you. Pain makes you happy." Aise pulled Bent's Mask of Pain off the masked man's face. The masked man became a faceless man and let out a real cry of pain."Why do believers of pain need masks? What did they lose that they need them? "Aise carefully put away Bent's Mask of Pain and frowned in thought.A few days later, when Aise went out to look for Logan to discuss magic delicacies, his magic book became boiling hot.Aise opened it. It turned out that Carloso had earned enough academic points after publishing his thesis. He had applied to hold the advanced apprentice promotion ceremony.Aise had set the knowledge of this ceremony to a very high level of confidentiality and was not allowed to be made public at this stage.Except for Betty, Anzesta, and Arnaud, everyone else had advanced to the level of a quasi-hero through this ceremony. It could be said that this ceremony was one of the most important ceremonies in the Wizard Tower's territory.Such an important ceremony naturally couldn't be done without Aise personally presiding over it.It was no different from the promotion ceremony of the mirror image years ago. Carloso sat in the magic circle.Different frequencies of magic power resonated, creating an environment with a high concentration of magic power and highly active magic power. Then, Aise used the guidance spell to guide Carloso's soul to resonate with the path of magic that pursued the truth.Carloso's soul gradually floated out of his body and resonated with the natural environment. He felt that everything was whispering to him. A white light gradually appeared on his head. The light flashed and a strong suction force was generated randomly, drawing his spirit power into the location of his soul.

A chaotic space flashed with lightning and thunder as his spirit power came in. The space slowly expanded.Aise observed that Carloso had opened the soul space and adjusted the frequency of his soul to resonate with Carloso's.Carloso heard a loud shout in the dreamlike state. He fell back to his body and opened his eyes.Aise smiled and said to Carloso, "Congratulations, Mr. Carloso, an advanced wizard apprentice. Welcome to the Congress of Magic."After Carloso's promotion, his friends held a small celebration party in his home.Lou Xilu said to Carloso enviously, "Many people need two or three ceremonies to become an advanced wizard apprentice, but you succeeded in only one. I'm so envious."Carloso also knew that Lou Xilu had held a ceremony, but unfortunately, it failed. He didn't know how to comfort Lou Xilu, so he could only give him a hug in silence.In the next half year, Carloso continued to study the Devouring Rune, Reverse Assimilation Rune, Dissolution Rune, and Solidification Rune that he found from strange monsters. He tried to adjust the structure of the runes themselves, hoping to combine them with the Transformation Rune to form the perfect transformation spell he wanted.Carloso found a way to devour and control the progress of assimilation.By embedding the Transformation Rune into the rune structure, the effect of devouring and assimilation could be varied.To be specific, the original strange monster could only devour and transform into a supernatural creature, but it couldn't change back. However, with the addition of the Transformation Rune, it had the ability to change back into a liquid state.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login