Report
                            
                            This person was about 30 years old and was very down and out. He was a famous lazy guy in the neighborhood. His parents died early, and no girl wanted to marry him. He liked to wander around and watch the fun. He was called New York Lazy by the neighbors, and very few people were willing to pay attention to him.Bayern was very satisfied with him. At night, he used cat hair as a casting material, transformed into a cat, and snuck into New York's dilapidated home.He didn't use any charm spells, and in fact, he didn't know how to use them. He directly knocked out New York, tied him up, and then used the secondary spell "Mud to Stone" to create a small cellar in New York's home. He made a ventilation hole, lined it with a pile of hay, and imprisoned New York inside."I'm sorry, New York. When I leave here, I should let you out alive."Bayern used a metal syringe that he had prepared, burned it with fire, and drew out a tube of blood from New York's body. This syringe and the fire sterilization method were learned from Tsmali Hospital.Thinking of Tsmali Port, Bayern's expression was a little sad. It was indeed a very beautiful city, with unique customs and hot dances. Unfortunately, it was involved in the dispute of the gods, and the whole city was turned into half-mermaids and became a tragic sacrifice.He used New York's blood as a casting material, successfully transformed into New York York, and changed into New York's clothes.Bayern smelled the thick smell of sweat on New York's clothes and made a tsk tsk sound."From now on, I am New York the Lazy."He hid the cellar well and copied the rune array to eliminate the sound. After doing all this, Bayern let out a long sigh of relief and finally sat down to meditate with peace of mind.The meditation technique he used was not exactly the same as the one in the magic book. Instead, he added a unique rune structure according to his own experience.This kind of rune structure could greatly enhance perception, and the same kind of meditation, this kind of meditation technique could make perception even stronger.As the sky gradually brightened, Bayern stopped meditating. His spiritual power and magic power were incomparably abundant. His whole person seemed to be in high spirits, sweeping away the fatigue and dejection of a few days ago.Bayern carefully took out a dice made of bones from his arms and carefully sensed it with his spiritual power. This was his biggest gain in Tsmali, and also one of the important reasons why the fishmen chased after him.Anazir's dice, the unique item of the murloc Kali tribe, was controlled by the murloc priests of the past generations. It had the power of detection, small-scale foresight, appraisal, and so on.

It was said that the Murloc Legendary Hero Anazir had part of the bloodline of the God of Prophets, and was proficient in the power of foresight. This die was made from the skull of a high-level monster under the sea, and was often used as a tool to detect good and bad fortune.Over time, this die had also been tainted with Anazir's Authority and had many miraculous effects.Bayern heard from the locals in Tsmali that there was a huge Storm Trench in the southeast sea, which was very dangerous.Legend said that someone had found the right route, and after passing through, there was an archipelago on the opposite side of the trench. It was a paradise for monsters, and at the same time, there were a lot of open-air gold and silver mines.Bayern, with a thirst for monsters, runes, and new knowledge, found a fleet that was willing to explore, and went to the Storm Trench to find a route through the archipelago on the opposite side.Along the way, they did not find the right route, and most of the ships were eaten by the fish. Bayern was lucky to drift to a deserted island.Relying on his own knowledge, according to the sunrise, sunset, and season, Bayern found the right direction, and made a simple raft on the deserted island.Here, he found a group of murlocs who would come ashore regularly to sacrifice. Relying on the Secondary Transfiguration he learned from the magic book, Bayern caught a murloc, and tortured it day and night to learn its language. After a few weeks, he actually learned most of its language.He quietly caught a few more murlocs, confirmed the authenticity of the murloc language he learned, and finally killed all the murlocs, used Transfiguration to transform into a murloc, and mixed into the sacrifice team.In this way, Bayern lived among the murlocs for more than half a year. Not only did he learn their language and customs, but he also had the opportunity to meet a lot of water element monsters.Through the magic book, he recorded and analyzed a series of water element runes, such as water element runes, density runes, pressure runes, nourishment runes, and so on. He also independently developed a series of water element spells.Bayern found that the density runes had a very strong operability. It could increase density or dilute density. As long as the density runes were adjusted regularly, the goal could be achieved.After nearly a thousand failed attempts, Bayern successfully figured out the pattern of the density runes, and developed several spells that used the density runes.Using the Secondary Water Element runes and the Density runes as the core, he developed the barrier spell water mist, which could dilute the density of water. It could create a high-density mist within a radius of 100 meters. If the corresponding poison casting material was added, the spell would be transformed into the corresponding poison mist spell.

With the same Secondary Water Element runes and Density runes, the direction of fine-tuning of the density runes could be changed to increase the density, and high-density heavy water could be created.This kind of heavy water rune structure combined with the Projectile rune became the Secondary Spell Heavy Water Missile. If different monster poisons were added as casting material, it could become a Heavy Water Missile with different effects, such as Paralyzing Heavy Water Missile, Dehydrating Heavy Water Missile, Toxic Heavy Water Missile, and so on.This kind of heavy water rune structure combined with the Fan Strike rune could form an endless waterfall of heavy water for a few seconds.Afterwards, Bayern tried to add acid to the Water Elemental series, and after a few experiments, he actually succeeded. After using sulfur as a casting material, all the Water Elemental Spells that had been added with acid had a strong corrosive effect.There were still many possibilities and experiments that Bayern did not have time to study."Living in the murloc tribe for nearly half a year, I have indeed gained a lot." Bayern took out a murloc scale from his bag as a casting material and quietly cast the Secondary Shapeshifting spell on himself."After transforming into a murloc, I naturally gained the ability to live in the water. The Shapeshifting spell is really useful. I have seen all the water element monsters that I can see, obtained a series of new runes, and independently developed a series of spell models. Now it's time to leave. "If things ended here, and Bayern successfully returned to the shore, the Bayern that he saw now might be an apprentice that specialized in the water element series spells.However, a dramatic scene happened. The old murloc priest who was in charge of Anazir's dice just happened to visit the murloc tribe near this deserted island, and was preparing to hold a grand ceremony here.It just so happened that the murloc that Bayern transformed into was nimble and had a clear mind. The old murloc priest appreciated his excellent performance, and he took a fancy to the young Bayern, and ordered him to serve him.No one knew what happened during those few nights. They only knew that after that, Bayern got the opportunity to come into contact with the magical dice, and stole the dice, transformed into another murloc and escaped.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login