Report
                            
                            While the apprentices were chatting and paving the way, Dana and Borg had also chosen the location of the future port.Borg was well prepared this time because he realized that this was a rare opportunity for him in the Wizard Tower's territory. He specially asked Leon to help him find a few preparatory citizens who knew how to design buildings.Although they didn't know how to build the port, they knew how to design buildings. Borg repeatedly communicated his ideas with them and finally drew up the construction plan of the port.After they reported the plan to Aise and got his approval, they found Dana, who was bored near the bay and observing the apprentices' learning of logic.Peter and his men bowed respectfully to Dana at a 30-degree angle, then said:"Lady Dana, this is the construction plan of the port. Lord Aise has agreed, please follow the plan.Our port will be made up of two parts: land and sea. The land part will be made up of the port management department, fishermen's residential area, continuous warehouses, dry dock, and roads. The water part will be made up of the western and eastern dikes. The gap between the dikes and the waterproof dikes will be the entrance to the port. We will set up iron cable gates in it.The water area surrounded by the dikes and the waterproof dikes will be the water area of our port. In it, we will build three ship berths and a dry dock ship launching channel. The three ship berths are the fishing port ship berth, the commercial port ship berth, and the military port ship berth. "Dana carefully looked at the design plan and asked Borg and the others questions according to the design plan. After getting satisfactory answers, Dana led them to walk around the natural harbor near the estuary."The land area is rectangular, about one kilometer long and three hundred meters wide. Is it like this?"Dana said to Borg and the others as she walked."Yes, you have a good memory, Lady Dana!"Borg and the others followed behind and praised.Dana ignored him and continued walking. She inquired about every detail in detail and recorded everything on the fifth page of her magic book.About a day later, Dana had already understood the design of the harbor. The other wizard apprentices were not idle either. Betty and the others built the paved road to the harbor that had not yet been built. They joined the other wizard apprentices and began to use Mud to Rock and Stone to Mud to produce standard building materials.Time passed day by day, and the port was already under construction at a speed visible to the naked eye. His line of sight shifted to Luminous City, the castle of the magic academy, and the west tower.

After much consideration, Aise decided to use technology that did not exceed the current standard to build a ship. This consideration had practical significance.The ships they built were mainly used to impersonate the merchant ships of the City-state of Medemus to trade with the northern states. At the same time, they disguised themselves as pirates and attacked Aise's manor, taking away all the slaves and accumulated resources from Aise's family.Therefore, this future fleet would be better suited to the technical level and shipbuilding style of the City-state of Medemus. The best mainstream ship of the City-state of Medemus was the brig.Building a brig required a large amount of wood made from dried logs, building the keel, and assembling it. During this process, Aise planned to improve a few spells and solve it with magic.Aise and his mirror doppelgänger were deep in research on an interesting secondary spell, Secondary Vine Entanglement. This was one of the few spells that had something to do with plants and wood.After many experiments, Aise found something different. This spell was very simple, but it had a lot of potential. He had completely ignored this spell in the past!"This spell is very interesting. It's based on the Shaman's Fur I got from Athena. It's just an ordinary control spell, and it requires a casting material, a fresh vine or a living vine seed. This spell needs a suitable casting environment, and it can only be cast on soil that isn't barren."Aise commented on this spell while tracing the spell model of Secondary Vine Entanglement. Without any casting material or suitable casting environment, after the spell model was formed, it stirred up mana in the void and then disappeared without any practical effect."Almost no apprentice wants to exchange for this spell, as well as a similar secondary spell, Spore Zone. It causes mushrooms to grow on the ground, slows down movement, and disgusts living creatures."The mirror doppelgänger stood near a thin layer of soil and quickly drew a spell model. With the rhythm of mana, colorful mushrooms quickly grew on the soil, slippery and disgusting.He gently pinched one of the colorful mushrooms with Mana's Hand and said:"However, these two spells have three identical secondary runes. Two of them can accelerate the growth of the mushroom and absorb nutrients from the soil, and the last one has an unknown effect.Secondary Vine Entanglement also has a separate rune, which seems to have the effect of greatly increasing the activity of the mushroom.Although our original intention was to study a kind of tool spell that could quickly build a wooden schooner, the result of this research was beyond our expectations!We've already discovered the types of magic research in the field of Elemental Magic, Soul Magic, Astrological Prophecy Magic, and Inherent Magic Application. This may be a new type of magic research. "

Aise casually assembled three spell models with basic runes and three specific runes. He cast the spell on the colorful mushrooms in the soil, but the mushrooms didn't react at all."Without the rune of unknown effect, these three spell models won't have any practical effect."Aise waved his hand and the three spell models disappeared without a trace.The doppelgänger added the unknown rune and formed three different spell models in front of him, ready to cast the spell on the colorful mushrooms.He first activated the first spell model, and the rhythm of magic power acted on the first mushroom.The first colorful mushroom seemed to be alive and wriggling. The doppelgänger could feel that there was a vague connection between himself and the colorful mushroom. He tried to command the colorful mushroom.The colorful mushroom actually struggled out of the soil and hopped in the direction the doppelgänger commanded. Halfway there, the mushroom seemed to have run out of magic power. It lost its vitality and collapsed on the ground."This effect can be called activation. This rune has great potential. Perhaps we can call it Secondary Activation Rune. Let's not worry about the unknown rune for now. About the structure of this spell model, I have an idea to experiment! "Aise looked at this scene with sparkling eyes. He quickly drew and assembled the runes in the air and murmured, "First, I need a Secondary Mana # 3, then I need Secondary Enhance # 4, and four necessary secondary support runes."As his voice faded away, six runes constructed with Aise's spiritual power were being generated. The transparent spiritual power flashed in the air, which could only be seen by the perceptive vision."And the necessary Secondary Activation Rune. The overall unknown rune."Another two runes were formed in the air. Eight runes surrounded Aise, as if they were brewing something."Finally, my conjecture. Secondary Fire Element Rune!"After the successful drawing of the Secondary Fire Element Rune, Aise manipulated the nine runes and quickly formed a complicated secondary spell model structure that was full of geometric beauty.