Report
                            
                            Young people were high-spirited and eager to be recognized, eager to establish their own authority. As long as he loyally helped the apprentices to recognize and trust Aise, and establish Aise's authority, he would be able to have a place in this new academic organization.Other than excellent academic attainments, he also needed to be well-versed in human relationships.Bayern the black cat looked at Aise's eagle form, and its heart was in turmoil. I, Bayern, will follow you on the path of magic!Looking to the south, the timeline returned to the past, and Dickens was riding a Frost Boar and running for his life!* Whoosh! *With a sound, the Frost Boar's magic dissipated and melted into water. Dickens was caught off guard and fell to the ground.He rubbed his stiff teeth and looked worriedly in the direction of the Northern Fortress. There seemed to be a flash of light, but when he rubbed his eyes, there was nothing."The Frost Boar dissipated, maybe because it was too far away from the Frost Ocean, or maybe Lord Moore met with an accident! No matter what the reason is, I have to return to the Royal City as soon as possible."Even if I'm punished, even if I'm executed, I have to report this to the royal family. For the glory of my family, and for the kindness of the royal family!"He pulled out his short sword and ran quickly and vigilantly.If one looked down from the sky, they would see that the area around Dickens was slowly being swallowed by the mottled gray. His journey back to the Royal City was destined to be difficult."If I remember correctly, there should be a village ahead. I can take a rest and find some water to drink. There's no need to change the horse, it can't run as fast as me. "Dickens licked his dry, peeling lips with his tongue.As Dickens slowly approached the village, the discomfort grew stronger. He felt a little nauseous, and his heart beat wildly as if something dangerous was about to happen.* Whoosh whoosh whoosh! *The former village was filled with black blood and an ominous aura, wailing souls and chaotic, evil demons. They discovered Dickens and quickly surrounded him.He looked at the group of small shadow demons in front of him and gritted his teeth. It was not a big problem. The strongest of the small demon's true form was a hero, and the weakest was equivalent to a mortal."Ga ga, ga ga …"The imps said something in the language of the Abyss, and then rushed up like a swarm of bees. Dickens used the extraordinary martial arts skills he learned from the great hero Arnaud to fight with dozens of imps. His muscles trembled rhythmically, and his whole body twisted into an unimaginable shape to avoid the attacks.

Every inch of his body was used as a weapon. The power of frost condensed into hard ice, and frostbitten the little demons.It was difficult for two fists to withstand dozens of hands, and Dickens was gradually unable to hold on."I have to escape from the Imps' encirclement. Otherwise, I'll be exhausted to death by them!" The wounds on Dickens' body gradually increased, and he used the power of frost to block them. If it wasn't treated in time, it might leave irreversible damage.If he had the support of the Sea of Frost, he had the confidence to fight against ordinary demons who were comparable to heroes. But without the Sea of Frost, he was just a quasi-hero with outstanding martial arts.Even if it was a group of imps, he had to retreat.Just as Dickens was fighting and retreating, he suddenly felt a chill behind him. He hurriedly rolled, and forcibly knocked away a few imps, avoiding the attack behind him.A demon with wings on its back was coldly staring at him.Seeing that demon, the group of imps trembled, and a few jumped up to run.This demon laughed and directly turned into a shadow, rampaging. While attacking Dickens, it completely ignored the imps around it, and even intended to kill them.In a short period of time, Dickens had already been on the brink of death several times. He clearly felt that this demon was deliberately toying with him.The demon wanted him to suffer, struggle, despair, and a bit of hope. It was said that such a god's descendant's soul was the demon's favorite. They were always trying to create such a soul. This was their nature.Dickens knew the demon's intentions, but he could only follow its intentions and try to find a way out."I can't die. I can't die here in humiliation and nameless. I have to report everything that happened in the north to the royal family. I have to use my sinful body to perform meritorious deeds. I still have a deep grudge to avenge! ""Great Frost, please give me strength!"Dickens crazily shouted in his heart. The power from his bloodline caused a certain frequency to fluctuate, and at this moment, it was magnified. He felt that something connected to his bloodline was calling out to him!A whistling sound broke through the air. Boom!The Tribute of Frost fell from the sky, piercing through the heart of the demon that was toying with Dickens.The demon instantly turned into an ice sculpture, and then shattered into ice shards. Dickens slowly walked forward, looking at the Tribute of Frost that was stuck in the ground.

His hands trembled as he gripped the hilt of the ice crystal dagger. The resonance of the soul and the power of frost were connected to him at this moment. Dickens felt that it was the scene of Moore's death. The mountain of ice, Alex, the black shadow, and the Heart of Frost that was trying to purify the evil."Frost will purify everything!"Dickens raised the Tribute of Frost from the ground with both hands, and the dagger quickly grew into a huge frost blade. Dickens carried the frost blade on his shoulder and walked firmly in the direction of the Royal City.Beside the cave where Dana and the others were hiding, the mirror image of Aise, who had transformed into an eagle, circled around a few times before landing in front of Dana and transforming back into his original form.Dana looked at the mirror image of Aise in disbelief. She had too many questions to ask Aise, and she missed him even more. The two of them looked at each other, and Aise looked at Dana. He did not know why, but he felt his heart beat slightly faster.He took a step forward gently, and said apologetically, "I'm sorry for making you wait for so long. I'm late."The strong Dana's eyes were suddenly filled with tears. She blinked hard, and then suddenly rushed into the arms of the mirror image of Aise. Her whole body trembled as she cried, "Master Aise, why did you come so late? I was so worried about you. I was so afraid that something had happened to you. I was so tired being alone."The mirror image of Aise hugged the trembling Dana and patted her shoulder comfortingly. Dana looked at the person in front of her curiously, her eyes full of gossip.The two of them looked at each other for a long time, and the mirror image of Aise was the first to speak. "I'm sorry about what happened to the apprentices …"Dana interrupted him. "You don't have to be sorry about what happened to the apprentices. Those who should truly repent, we must make them pay with their blood! "Dana had thought about this before, but she did not want to blame Aise.Even if part of the reason was because of Aise, every apprentice had voluntarily chosen to learn magic after signing the contract. They could have given up, but since they had chosen this path, they could not blame the one who gave them the power.If they really wanted to blame someone, they could only blame their own choice and the god's descendant.Iron Mask Dana led the apprentices through countless sleepless nights. They missed their families, felt pain, guilt, and hatred. They longed for more power, and wanted to make the City-state pay with their blood to make up for their guilt.

The mirror image of Aise looked at Dana and understood her inner struggle as the leader of the enchantment apprentices. He gently hugged her and said, "The Northern Fortress has been transformed into the Abyss Nest by the Gray Believers. The entire Northern Region has been transformed into the Abyss. The apprentices who have evacuated from the fortress will soon join you. I need your cooperation."