Report
                            
                            The original Aise was resting in the meditation room on the second floor. He was leaning on a wooden lazy chair made with magic, rocking back and forth, using a magic book to read the copied books of the previous civilization.He was reading a travel book about traveling the continent, and it mentioned a kind of monster that aroused his interest."This wolf-type monster has snow-white fur and an intelligent mind. They like to act in groups and have good tactical literacy. I suspect that they even have some kind of society-like structure, because they gather every full moon and howl to the sky.With the howl, they actually draw some kind of mysterious power from the moon that shrouds them and disappears after a long time.I call them Moon-worshipping Wolves because they really have the power of the moon and can emit a sharp blade as bright as moonlight … "Aise read quietly, but he was thinking in his heart. According to the description in the book, this Moon-worshipping Wolf could absorb the power of the moon in a certain way and use it."In this world, the power of the moon is not a name, it is the powerful main god, the Moon Goddess Arte! An ordinary powerful low-level monster can absorb the power of the moon, incredible. ""According to the description of the travel book, this kind of wolf should live in the Salia jungle in the north of the Salia peninsula. When I recover, maybe I should go to the north to observe, maybe they can give me some inspiration."While Aise was talking to himself, the mirror image Aise used the spell "Open the Door" to open the door of the meditation room.The two looked at each other and then immediately looked away. The original soul, especially the soul space, was in a state of injury and was not suitable for synchronization."Original body, Bayern found a very promising rune. It can greatly promote physical and mental recovery. I have combined a powerful secondary spell and intend to add purified soul powder as a casting material. Try it. "The mirror image Aise lowered his head and said.The original Aise took out a small bag of purified soul powder from a powerful low-level monster from his stomach and gave it to the mirror image, and said, "Be careful, first use a few monsters to test the effect."When the mirror image Aise heard this, he caught a few monsters from the third floor and directly used an inferior version of Secondary Soul Explosion to curse one of the low-level monsters, causing it to die on the spot.After that, he tried to adjust the spell model a few more times. Finally, he used an inferior version of Secondary Soul Burst to curse the soul of a magical creature to the brink of death.

Aise's mirror image stared at the dying monster and its soul that was flickering like a candle in the wind, solemnly activating Secondary Enhanced Nourishment. With the rhythm of mana, he sprinkled the purified low-tier monster soul powder in a rhythmic manner.With the formation of the spell, a clear spring of water was condensed. It carried the breath of life and nourished the body and soul of the demon.With the nourishment of this clear spring water that appeared out of nowhere, the daemon gradually regained its spirit. In the mirror image Aise's perception, the daemon's soul slowly turned from a candle into a vigorous flame."Although it didn't directly restore my health, it did have a very good effect."Mirror Aise muttered to himself.He then experimented with a few different types of monsters. After confirming that this method was effective, he went back to his original body to cast the spell.The effect was minimal. Aise's original body felt that his soul had recovered a little, but it was too weak."The effect of Secondary Runes is limited. I have to reverse-deduce the Soul Rune of the Water Elemental Rune series in order to be effective," the original body concluded."Then lend me the Book Spirit."Clack! Mirror image Aise pulled out the ahoge on the head of the original body Aise and stuck it on his own head.While mirror image Aise was deducing the Soul Rune of the Water Elemental Rune series from scratch with the help of the Book Spirit, Bayern was also on the move.During the day, he imitated the sluggard New York and wandered around the streets of the Stronghold, looking for possible wizard apprentices.At night, he meditated quietly. Bayern had already completed the preliminary enchantment. He could be said to be very talented in magic meditation. He was already close to the limit of an intermediate wizard, and his power of the will had reached 91 units.The closer he got, the more confused he was. He could vaguely feel that he was close to a higher level, but he could not find the door."I really hope there is a guide to guide me. Where is Aise? Is he observing us from somewhere, testing us? "Bayern thought to himself. Even with the help of the Book Spirit, it was too difficult to explore the path of a wizard by himself."You need to gather people, and you need to have the wisdom of everyone! Maybe the Fire Relayer is testing us to see who can be his real companion on the path of magic. ""If I am the Fire Relayer, what kind of people do I need? Definitely not those enchanted wizard apprentices who were hanged outside the city. They are just tools. They don't know how to research, they just focus on collecting runes. That's all.

"What the Fire Relayer needs is someone who can study runes, combine spell models, improve spell models, and even create new runes with him. No, maybe not only that. The Fire Relayer wants someone who can answer the four questions mentioned in Introduction to Wizards! ""What is the essence of magic? What is the essence of magic? Why are there runes? What is the essence of runes? "Bayern's expression was solemn. He raised his hands devoutly and repeated the four questions in a low voice in his dilapidated residence in the dark night.After a long time, he started talking to himself again."These four questions may be the end of the path of a wizard. This was the ultimate interrogation, the most direct attack to the vitals! We are now only at the surface level, at the initial stage of collecting runes, studying the nature of each rune, and classifying and defining runes."In the future, there should be a group of people, and there will definitely be a group of people who will explore the mysteries of the runes together. What I need to do now is to prove my wisdom, ability, and thinking to become such a group of people!"I will definitely become a companion of the Fire Relayer!"After Bayern finished his mental battle, he calmed down and began to study Anazir's die. This magical die contained a three-dimensional rune structure that was as complex as the stars, which attracted Bayern.He was addicted to it, just like how he was addicted to Elementary Mathematics. It was almost impossible for him to extricate himself.The sky gradually brightened. Bayern looked haggard. He suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood and fell to the ground."I was too addicted to research. I didn't even realize that my mental strength was almost exhausted!"He faced the gradually rising sun and adjusted his body. He followed the waves of magic and began to meditate using a unique meditation method. When the sun was high in the sky, Bayern's mental strength gradually filled up."No matter what, I can't exhaust my mental strength!"He said to himself with some lingering fear. Then, his wrinkled eyelids under his white hair suddenly widened, revealing a shocking expression!