Report
                            
                            "There's no formless collective consciousness here. I'm not the leader of the collective consciousness here. The consciousness here is scattered and chaotic, grotesque and variegated. ""If you want an analogy, it's like a Dream World pieced together, and not a collective Dream World. I have a strange premonition that if I can form a unified and controllable Dream World, there might be some miraculous changes. I might even be able to communicate with the Magi's collective sea of consciousness. "Torch scratched his head like a human and pondered."Why do I have such a premonition? Where did it come from? Is there some unknown existence that's giving me a hint? Can I guess that it's the collective sea of consciousness that's giving me a hint? "Torch Aise tried many times to unify the Dream World, but he found that it was impossible. He could enter any acolyte's Dream World, but he couldn't combine them into a complete Big Dream World.At this moment, the entire strange space began to shake violently, and the ground cracked!"Main body, the acolytes' spiritual force is almost depleted! Please bring them back as soon as possible. "Aise, who was in the strange Dream World, received a notification from his mirror image.Torch's expression was solemn. A huge amount of information came through the Spiritual Chains. Boom!The acolytes who were immersed in the Dream World were still frolicking in the clouds a second ago. The next second, they were kicked down the clouds by a huge amount of information and rolled back to their own bodies along the thick chains that connected their souls and bodies.After a long time, the acolytes opened their eyes, looking confused.They seemed to have had a long dream, but also seemed to have been active for a long time. Their bodies were sore, and their spirits were extremely low.Olli was embarrassed and regretful. She angrily kicked Arnaud, who had yet to wake up from the Dream World.Arnaud shouted and looked around for the attacker. After finding out that it was Olli, he smiled foolishly.Anzesta seemed to be recalling something. He had a longing look on his face, as if he was muttering, "Just one more step, just one more step."Aise looked at the dispirited acolytes, exchanged glances with his mirror image, and then looked at the dark sky.Today is not suitable to continue the experiment. I can only continue tomorrow, he thought.He tiredly said to the acolytes,"Acolytes, the night is coming. After connecting twice today, everyone's spirits are somewhat dispirited. It's not good to work when you're tired, because that only makes it easier to make mistakes.

Let's go back together and recuperate. We'll do the experiment again in a few days. "A few days later, they conducted another experiment on the mental connection network. In the state of being half-asleep, one needed to hypnotize everyone into a half-asleep state. It was similar to a lucid dream, where one would be aware that they were sleeping at the same time. Thus, they would be able to control their consciousness more clearly.In this state, the double-hat buckle-shaped mental connection network formed. It combined the effects of the previous two times. Not only did the frequency of soul resonance increase, but the flow of information also increased greatly.At the same time, the spiritual consciousness nodes of each network formed their own dreamscape. Other consciousnesses could enter the dreamscape of others with the permission of the owner and communicate with them.Dreams had certain effects of receiving, storing, generating, and transmitting spiritual information.Everyone could also enter the largest dreamscape in the middle. It was a public dreamscape formed by the fusion of the main body and the mirror image. Everyone could communicate here. It was almost like a virtual dreamscape network world!However, due to the limitation of spiritual energy, everyone's dreamscape was different in size, richness, and duration.Aise named this network that combined the advantages of the previous two experiments as the Dreamscape Network.He then experimented a few more times. In the end, he confirmed that if there were less than 30 people and less than 4 intermediate acolytes, the mental connection network would not be successfully established.After the network was established, the more people there were, especially intermediate acolytes, the greater the layers and depth of the network, and the better the overall effect.Simply put, the number and quality of the acolytes were directly related to the various effects of the mental connection network.When the most basic conditions for the formation of the mental connection network were met, which was to have more than 30 acolytes, at least 4 intermediate acolytes, and at least one "root consciousness".The more acolytes there were in the network, the higher the quality, and the more complex the network was, the stronger the intelligence analysis and deduction ability of the mental connection network, and the better the effects of collective meditation and dream communication.It had been two weeks since the last mental connection. After many experiments, Aise had basically understood the function of the mental connection network, and how to achieve better results.Because Aise was too busy, and he was afraid that the acolytes would have nothing to do, he gave them a few training targets.Without using magic books, they had to complete meditation in three seconds, fire secondary magic bullets in one second, and activate secondary magic crystal shield in one second.

Anyone who passed the test would have the right to share all the secondary runes that the acolytes collectively mastered for free!This greatly stimulated the enthusiasm of all the acolytes. If they could share all the secondary runes, for them, the cost of exchanging spell models would be greatly reduced. Moreover, they could try to combine new spell models by themselves!At night, in Aise's residence, the mirror image clone continued to study the magic items that could resist the influence of whispers. Aise, on the other hand, was hunched over the table under the illumination of the bright controllable light ball in the room.He wrote "Mental Network" on a magic parchment with magic power, and below it was a line of small words, "Follow-up Research on Strange Witness Contracts"."Through many experiments on the surface of the mental network of the acolytes, we'll explore how to maximize the effectiveness of the network's deduction, the basic form and influence of dream communication, and the possibility of becoming an official acolyte."The inspiration for this experiment came from a strange phenomenon of a witness contract. Through this strange witness contract, all of us acolytes seemed to have arrived at an unknown place, and the book spirit said a word, "The Sea of Reality."Therefore, we'll first call this unknown place 'The Sea of Reality.' There seemed to be some unknown powerful force that gave people a feeling of being close to the truth, and a strange change happened instantly.The prototype of the subconscious sea, which represents the acolytes' collective subconscious, was born. Here, we have to stop and ask a few questions!"What is the Sea of Reality? What is the power that is similar to the truth? Why can this power cause a strange change? What is the principle behind the strange change? What is the principle behind the birth of the prototype of the subconscious sea? Can it be replicated? Do other creatures have similar phenomena? If so, what are the similarities and differences between their subconscious sea and ours? "Under the illumination of the controllable light ball, Aise wrote a series of questions. These were unknown and puzzling, but one day, these questions would be answered.