Report
                            
                            This spell model had some dreamy, misty colors and the unique influence of the illusionary rune structure. It could be foreseen that this was a powerful illusion spell.This spell model was the result of Aise's many modifications based on the existing runes. It could create a powerful dream barrier that covered a radius of three kilometers. If one didn't have a special resistance spell or a spiritual seal spell like a knight, then as long as one's spiritual power was lower than Aise's, basically no one could escape from the dream.Even if one's spiritual power was stronger than Aise's, as long as it wasn't more than twice as strong, there was a certain probability of falling into the dream.If one's spiritual power was more than twice as strong, this spell wouldn't work, and Aise would have to run for his life.The strength of this spell was that it could create a realistic dream of the five senses. As long as the opponent fell into the dream and was heavily injured in the dream, they would be lightly injured in reality. If they were dying in the dream, they would be heavily injured in reality. If they were dying in the dream, they would be dying in reality.If one fell into the dream multiple times in a row, they would almost certainly die."However, this isn't enough. What I want is not just the operation and the realistic five senses. I want to be able to materialize the illusory dream into reality.With this illusory reality as the foundation, all kinds of spells will be rooted in it. Even if other spells make mistakes or reach the end of the road, it won't affect my progress. Is it really too difficult to achieve? "Aise murmured. The three-dimensional spell model in the air was crystal clear with dreamy colors. It seemed to have some kind of mysterious connection with Aise's soul space and was trying to drill into Aise's soul space.Aise tried his best to reject this spell model. According to the knowledge he obtained, once the spell model entered his soul space, it would become the prototype of his Soul World, and the path would be fixed.He had already decided to walk the path of the dream, the path of turning illusion into reality, but this spell model wasn't perfect. He needed a more complete foundation!"Do I have to pray to that existence again? But I didn't prepare enough food, and I'm not sure if the food can make that existence trade again.The first time it asked for the flesh of a monster, the second time it asked for food, and I'm afraid I can't provide it again. If I'm really caught to accompany that existence, it will be very bad. "Aise thought for a while and rejected this idea. He decided to use time to slowly explore and create this spell model. If he really encountered a problem that he couldn't solve, he would pray to that existence.

Just as he was thinking, Bayern's message came through the activated Sita's life form. Aise was also tired of thinking. He ordered Sita to open the door and let Bayern in.Although there was no clear appointment, Bayern, as the First Apostle of the Fire Relayer, was recognized by the committee as the most suitable person to communicate and report to Lord Aise. Although Dana had some objections, she could not object to the collective decision.Bayern walked into the West Tower with an anxious expression. After Aise activated the West Tower, the entire West Tower became even more peculiar.If it were any other time, Bayern would definitely carefully observe this animated building to see if he could learn from Lord Aise's philosophy and animate his own residence. But today, he wasn't in the mood.Bayern used Lunge and moved a few times to Aise's meditation room. As the door of the meditation room opened automatically, he walked in.The meditation room was densely covered with rune matrices that adjusted the concentration of mana and promoted concentration. Although Bayern was anxious, his distracting thoughts slowly disappeared. He bowed to Aise and said:"Lord Aise, I'm sorry to disturb your research. Unknown intruders were found in the northern mining area. There were three of them in total. Two of them were killed and one was captured.The garrison of the mining area, Bent, sacrificed himself. His soul was made into a Mask of Pain by the enemy. Anzesta returned to help and captured the intruder alive. Currently, they are interrogating and searching the northern mining area.The committee has sent two advanced apprentices to escort the captive. This matter concerns the safety of the Tower, so please take charge of the situation. "After hearing Bayern's description, Aise slowly said:"This matter indeed needs me to take charge. Is there any detailed battle report? The captive must be sent today.Immediately send twelve advanced apprentices in groups of two to investigate all over the territory. If there are any problems, report it immediately. Saving lives is the first priority. "Bayern sent the information reported by Anzesta to Aise. After reading it, Aise was silent for a long time and said:"Bent is the second apprentice to be sacrificed since the establishment of the Tower. He sacrificed his life for Anzesta to defeat the enemy and obtain decisive information. We will erect a bronze statue for him in the Fountain Square to remember him forever."The entire Tower territory was nervously mobilized. Under the real-time communication of the magic network, the apprentices began to investigate the situation in the territory.At night, Anzesta and two advanced apprentices escorted the faceless man safely to the West Tower's demon prison.

As a wizard who was best at mind control and contract spells in the territory, Aise decided to personally interrogate the faceless man. He stared at Bent's Mask of Pain, which Anzesta had sent over, and showed a thoughtful expression.This mask was very strange. It attracted Aise's attention. There was a strange power lingering on it, and it was the emotion of pain."Is emotion also a kind of power? By extension, wouldn't the thoughts of intelligent creatures also become extraordinary powers? "Aise thought as he used the power of the will of an official wizard to sense the mask.After the mask was taken away from the faceless man, it seemed to be less painful and relaxed. Most of the mask was formed by the outer substance of the soul, and the core was a small cage.Ace placed the Mask of Pain under the enchanted microscope and observed it carefully. He discovered that the cage was an interrogation ground. Under the scorching Soul Fire, the tiny Bent was skewered like a roasted lamb, being roasted by the flames."A very fine rune structure needs a higher magnification microscope. This seems to be the extreme power of emotion roasting this tiny Bent. The flame seems to have lost its source."Aise studied it for a while and murmured.He then used Charm on the faceless man and used a sealing spell to imprison his magic. He used his powerful will to directly crush him, trying to get more information out of him.Strangely, the faceless man seemed to have lost his intelligence. Although he was completely obedient, he could not give out any useful information.Aise thought for a while and tried to press the Mask of Pain into the pitch-black space of the faceless man. As the mask fit, Aise observed that the flames roasting the tiny Bent suddenly burned.The tiny Bent struggled violently, and his expression was extremely painful. With the roasting, the small cage gradually filled with the power of pain. The expression of the mask became extremely painful, and the magic of the imprisoned masked man gradually recovered.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login