Report
                            
                            Exotic Daemons could be divided into multiple bodies. Ordinary Daemons could be divided into two parts, while powerful Low-Level Daemons could be divided into four parts.However, the research still came to a standstill. Carloso could not engrave rune structures on such a microscopic level.Carloso murmured, "If only I were a mystical monster. I can confirm that it can adjust the rune structures on its own. This seems to be its innate ability.For me, engraving so many rune structures on the cellular level is simply an impossible task! What should I do? "He walked out of the lab in frustration. Looking at his Golem Tamed Monster, his eyes suddenly lit up.As an advanced wizard apprentice, he was qualified to know some secret knowledge, such as the Primitive Projection Ritual."Can I not create a pure magic doppelgänger, but combine the Tamed Monster Ritual and the Projection Ritual to create a doppelgänger with the soul of my doppelgänger and the body of a mystical monster?Let this doppelgänger have the identity of a doppelgänger, a tamed monster, and a mystical monster at the same time.Carloso did not have enough Academic Points, so he borrowed 100 Academic Points from Paulina and exchanged them for the original version of the Projection Ritual. He then combined it with the Taming Ritual, and after many modifications and experiments, he finally created a strange creation after about half a year.This creation had the body of a mystical monster. Its original soul was erased by Carloso and replaced with the soul of his doppelgänger.This was Carloso's creation. He used the Projection Ritual to create a doppelgänger without a body. However, the doppelgänger could not directly replace the soul of a mystical monster without a body. This was a very difficult task.Carloso used the Tamed Monster Ritual to achieve this goal. Through the Tamed Monster Ritual, he connected himself with the mystical monster and created a magical connection between them. Then, he lured the mystical monster's soul out of its body and cut off the chains between its soul and its body.After destroying its soul, the special double helix structure of the Tamed Monster Contract allowed him to form a connection with the mystical monster's body. With this connection, Carloso connected his doppelgänger to the chains of law and finally replaced the mystical monster's soul, becoming the new soul of this body.This creation had his doppelganger spirit body, the body of a strange magical creature in the form of a jelly, and his familiar. The first step of his goal had been achieved.The second step was to replace the tiny rune structure on the cell level of this strange monster. The avatar's consciousness replaced the tiny rune structure on the whole body according to Carloso's design, and it was completed in just a week.This was the natural ability of living creatures. If a wizard wanted to imitate this ability, it would be impossible.

The third step was to make use of the creature's natural fluidized body and assimilation ability to fuse with it to achieve a symbiotic effect. This was an extremely risky attempt. Even someone as adventurous as Carloso did not dare to risk his life.Using the Sealing Confinement Spell and the Space Extension Spell, he created a sealed space in his left arm and filled it with the strange monster's avatar.Once the seal was undone, the fluid within could instantly spread throughout the entire body, resonating with Carloso's body and transforming into some kind of extraordinary creature.In order to achieve the goal of perfect transformation, the fluid had to be devoured and transformed into a creature in advance. This way, it would lose the ability to devour other creatures and avoid a backlash.He engraved a valve seal and a valve opening spell model in his soul space. At a critical moment, the valve could be reversed and the fluid would be sucked into the sealed space.He also used the Transformation Rune, Devour Rune, Reverse Assimilation Rune, Dispel Rune, and Encryption Rune to form a circle 0 spell model "Monster Transformation"."This seal spell is called Cloak, and this creation is called the Transfiguration Stone. The Transfiguration Stone is the key. Everyone can design different ciphers to open their own Transfiguration Stone."Carloso experimented and found that the Transfiguration Stone could be divided into four parts, and each part could correspond to a monster.In other words, as an advanced Apprentice, Carloso could perfectly transform into four different powerful low-level monsters or extraordinary creatures of the same level, such as a Hero.Half a year ago, Aise had already obtained ten newly developed magical delicacies from Logan. According to his experiments, Aise had already confirmed that different types of magical delicacies had different tastes, ingredients, and smells, but the magical effects were similar. They all replenished the body's vitality.From a purely rational point of view, eating only one type of magical delicacies was fine. However, intelligent creatures were different. Just like how not many people ate nutritious meals every day in his previous life, people preferred to eat less nutritious delicacies.Aise speculated from the habits of intelligent creatures. Since the crystalline creatures tasted delicacies, they would definitely pursue the best taste, ingredients, and smells, and not provide much "nutrition". Therefore, he paid great attention to the appearance, smell, and taste of the dishes.Looking at the ten shining bowls of various delicacies, Aise placed the remnants of the Life Substance he obtained last time on the token magic circle and activated the equivalent summoning magic circle.In the Sea of Emptiness, the bored crystalline creature stepped on a void worm and let out a sigh.After many attempts, it had confirmed that there was only one way to enter the World Inner of the Prime Material Plane, and that was to descend with its true body.

As for the projection method, it had already tried. Although the projection could enter the World Inner, it could not produce any resonance with the naked rules or domains of the World Inner!The crystalline creature used its short and thick limbs to slap the space solute and said in a low voice,"Only the true body can produce resonance with the naked rules or domains. I have to make up my mind. Either I descend into the World Inner, or I plunder the energy and travel between worlds again."At this moment, a magic circle slowly appeared. Someone was calling for it.The crystalline creature patted the magic circle with its short claws. Hum!On the other side of the space barrier, Aise felt a strong sense of majesty. This was the majesty of the huge gap between life and death."It's you again. What do you want? You better give me more delicacies. Next time, you might not be able to find me! "The crystalline creature said while waving its hands. If its past followers saw this, their jaws would probably drop.At the same time, its voice passed through the space barrier and turned into a majestic voice that directly hit Aise's soul. "Worm, what do you want? What sacrifice do you have? "
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login