Report
                            
                            When Betty heard about the test, she suddenly thought that if she could get the first place, she could ask the Fire Relayer to teach her how to make a new type 1 apprentice.Betty's two ponytails suddenly became excited. She swung her tail and cast a secondary spell, Catapult Kick, on herself. Then she rushed to Aise.Betty's face was flushed because of nervousness and excitement. She took a deep breath and said, "Dear Fire Relayer, I want to be the first one to take the test!"Dana had been standing behind Aise, but when she heard Aise's words, she had forgotten about "Sharp" and looked at Aise with intoxication. Whenever Aise said those philosophical words, Dana's face would become hot and tremble with excitement.It was not until Betty rushed over that she suddenly realized that she should be the first one to apply for the test!I was the first one to learn from Mr. Aise, and I was the first one to become Mr. Aise's apprentice. Why did Bayern become Mr. Aise's apostle? Why did Betty apply for the test first?Iron Fist Dana fell into deep self-doubt at this moment. On the other side, Betty had already started the test with Aise's permission.Betty stood in the desolate open space, and in less than half a second, she constructed the spell model of a Magic Bullet in the air and launched it.The spherical Magic Crystal Missile was quickly shot out from the spell model in Betty's hand and drew a thin parabola in the air.Betty didn't stop. She deliberately showed off her operation. Her petite body stood still as she shouted, "Multiple Magic Bullets!"The spell model appeared in front of her hands. As she pushed the spell model forward, two Magic Missiles were launched in less than half a second. She did not stop. She pulled back her hands and pushed them forward. In just ten seconds, she had launched nearly thirty Magic Missiles!Ace couldn't help but sigh in admiration. Although Betty was a bit arrogant, she had the capital to be arrogant. This solid foundation couldn't be explained by being a genius. She must have put in effort that others couldn't see.The so-called geniuses were actually people who were smarter and more hardworking than you!At this moment, the Magic Missiles that Betty had shot out actually flew back in an arc. Nearly thirty Magic Missiles flew towards Betty who was standing in the open space!She didn't panic. If she didn't show off something different, how could she stand out from the crowd of apprentices? Betty stared at the returning arcs of magic power and waved her hands. She cast the secondary spell "Ejection Kick" and activated the secondary spell "Magic Crystal Shield".She used her enhanced legs to move nimbly, and the "Magic Crystal Shield" was activated in less than half a second, easily neutralizing the incoming Magic Bullet.

In about 15 seconds, Betty had activated nearly 20 Magic Crystal Shields of different sizes, successfully nullifying all the Magic Bullets.Betty was rather proud. She adjusted her expression and bowed to Aise respectfully. She sat down next to Aise and then entered the state of meditation in less than one second to recover the magic power that she had consumed.Sharp recorded Betty's performance with his magic notebook. He nodded to Aise and motioned for the next willing apprentice to come forward.As the apprentices finished their tests one by one, those who passed stood next to Aise in excitement, and those who failed waited for their punishment in frustration.Finally, it was Arnaud and Anzesta's turn to take the test. They were so desperate that they couldn't even cast a single spell or meditate, which greatly surprised everyone.It was important to note that during their journey in the Lar Mountains, they had used their mental strength to help a lot of people. Their badges had also clearly told everyone that they had the magic power of an intermediate apprentice adept. How could they not even be able to meditate?Aise looked at the two apprentices and thought that it was time for him to experiment. He held back his desire for research and announced the result to everyone first."All the apprentices who passed the test, please stand on my right. My assistant, Mr. Sharp, your teacher of Secondary Rune, will share all the runes in the Secondary Rune Library with your magic books.Those who didn't pass the test, don't be discouraged. You still have another chance to take the test next month. As long as you pass, you will also have the chance to share the Secondary Runes for free.Since you failed, you have to accept the punishment. "Aise looked around at the apprentices who didn't pass the test. He waited until they were all anxious and hesitant before he said, "Now, I have another announcement.From today onwards, the points in your magic books will be upgraded to the new social practice points and combat practice points system in three days. Please use up all the points in your magic books in three days.The new point system will be linked to your graduation. In the first grade, you need to complete at least 100 social practice points and 100 combat practice points, and you need to pass five exams before you can be promoted to the second grade.In the second grade, you need to double the points required to be promoted to the third grade, and you need to pass the corresponding exams, and so on.In the fifth grade, you need to complete 1600 points in both categories and pass the corresponding graduation exam. After that, you will be awarded the graduation badge.

Graduation is different from graduation. Graduation means that you have completed the corresponding studies in the past five years.Those who graduate will join the Magic Department in the government office of the Tower and become a civil servant of the Magic Department and a reserve member of the Magic Congress of the Tower. "The apprentices pricked up their ears and listened to Aise's introduction. This was related to everyone's future, and they all cared about it. Aise changed the original term "graduation" to "graduation". After all, graduation sounded better and easier to accept.He looked around at the apprentices and continued."Only those who have the graduation badge can work in the Tower and become an official member of the Magic Congress of the Tower. There are only two requirements for graduation. The first is to become an intermediate apprentice, and the second is to publish a magic paper in the future magic journal, Magic. "The apprentices were confused. They all knew what intermediate apprentices were, and some of them were already intermediate apprentices. But what did a magic journal mean? What was the word "paper"?Walloon stood up, bowed to Aise and asked, "Dear Mr. Fire Relayer, may I ask what a magic journal is and what a paper is? We may not have come across these two words before, so we don't really understand them."Aise looked at the confused apprentices and smiled."It's normal that you don't understand these two words. They're new words that I made up. The so-called 'magic journal' is a journal that publishes papers, and papers are a form of writing to explain the research theories of wizards. "He continued to speak to the apprentices in a serious tone."If we want to progress as a collective, other than questioning the spirit, we have to have a collision of ideas in the academic field. This requires us to share part of our knowledge and results with each other.It's not easy to share the results of a wizard's research, so I suggest that we share the research process and the exploration theory, and hide the results. The authors can choose to keep it or pay for it. This is what a magic paper is. "