Report
                            
                            On the first floor of the west tower was a sealed conference room. On the upper floor, a small controllable light ball was floating. The walls were covered with encryption rune circles and soundproof rune circles, which blocked the transmission of magic signals and sound.Inside, the walls and floor were engraved with rune circles, which made the whole conference room very spacious.Sixty-five advanced apprentices had already taken their seats. This was a fan-shaped seating area. The rostrum was the lowest, so everyone could clearly see the situation on the rostrum.Aise stood on the rostrum and looked at the sixty-five advanced apprentices who were wearing magic robes of different colors and styles. On their chests, there was a shining six-pointed star pattern on them. He felt very proud.This was the mark he had left in this world, and the change he had made in this world."Dear advanced apprentices and members of the Congress of Magic, I'm proud to announce that the experiment of becoming an official wizard has achieved in-progress results. I've become a quasi-official wizard, and my life level is comparable to that of a divine hero."Following Ace's words, the advanced apprentices on the fan-shaped stair seats began to discuss in a low voice. Then, a warm applause rang out."Mr. Aise has started from scratch, and now he has pushed our path to the level of a hero. Mr. Aise is eternal!"An Advanced Apprentice Adept roared in excitement."Comparable to that of a divine hero! Mr. Aise is worthy of the name of the Fire-Bearer. "Betty whispered."Why is he a quasi-official wizard?"Walloon whispered in confusion.As Ace pressed his hands against the air, a Hero's Soul Coercion was released. Everyone present immediately felt the immense pressure from the Soul Coercion, and their voices stopped."Some of you may ask why I'm a quasi-official wizard, but not an official wizard. Here, I want to standardize the definition of our wizard level. "Everyone listened to Aise's words with great interest, and some of them showed a thoughtful expression.Aise stood on the stage and used the Loud Spell to slowly explain to the apprentices."The actual situation of our wizard system can be divided from low to high level into Mental Overclockers, Junior Apprentices, Intermediate Apprentices, Advanced Apprentices, and Official Wizards.The so-called quasi-official wizard was a transitional state. It referred to a wizard who had advanced to the level of a divine-descendant hero but had not yet obtained any power.Through dissecting and observing intermediate demons, we can clearly see that creatures of this level have complex three-dimensional runic structures. As for official Magi, they should also be able to create complex three-dimensional spell models in their soul space.

Here, I will standardize the rune levels again. Secondary runes are the lowest level, and soul runes are a general term. There are different levels between them. We have already observed in practice that some soul runes can't be effectively observed by advanced wizard apprentices.Runes that can be effectively observed by advanced Apprentice Adepts are called Level Zero Runes. Spell models that are combined with Level Zero Runes are called Circle Zero Spells.Those who could use rank zero runes to create three-dimensional spell models in the Secret Treasure of the Soul were known as First Circle Sorcerers. Spells created using rank zero runes were known as First Circle Spells.Soul runes that can only be observed by First Circle Sorcerers were known as Level One Runes. Those who can use them to create spell models were known as Second Circle Sorcerers.As for this, I will write a paper and discuss it in detail after I successfully create a Circle One Spell and a Second Circle Spell. Now, let's welcome our Advanced Apprentice, Bayern, a member of the Congress of Magic, to bring his experiment results to the stage. "Bayern led Harlan and the other two onto the stage. The three of them were all Junior Apprentices. On the stage, they performed several spells such as Secondary Magic Bullet and Secondary Magic Crystal Shield.The Advanced Apprentice Adepts looked on in confusion, and a few of them even yawned.Betty murmured in dissatisfaction, "What the hell is that crazy old cat doing? These Junior Apprentices are so weak. Are they here to play monkeys for us?"The other Apprentices also expressed their dissatisfaction, but no one dared to complain loudly because of Aise's prestige.When the members' patience was about to run out, Bayern asked the three to stop their performance and said loudly with Loud Sound, "Honorable Senior Apprentices and Members of the Congress of Magic, these three people are the cause of this meeting!"The audience was in a heated discussion. All kinds of questioning voices and perception spells approached the three people. The members studied them for a long time and found nothing unusual.At this time, Bayern continued, "These three people are Descendants of God …"Before he could finish his words, the audience below the stage was like a pot of oil that had exploded in an instant!"What did you say?""How can Descendants of God use magic?""Don't just find some random apprentices to pretend to be Descendants of God. How dare you lie to the great Lord Aise!""All Descendants of God should be hanged!"…Aise pressed his hands flat and slowly released his Soul Pressure. The audience quieted down.

"I've confirmed that these three people are indeed Descendants of God. Their hearts are naturally different, and this is also the characteristic of Descendants of God."Aise had dissected the hearts of three heroes, and he had also obtained the experimental bodies of Divine Nobles in recent years. He had also published related papers, which were enough to prove this."Lord Aise, I have an objection."A female Senior Apprentice with a delicate face and a slim figure in a white magic robe walked onto the stage. It was Olli, who had grown up.She used to study the series of spells of Wind Element. However, Arnaud, who had become a Senior Knight Squire, found it harder and harder to cast spells. Therefore, for her lover, she turned to study Divine Nobles, which were somewhat similar to the hearts of Knights.According to the agreement with Arnaud, she would not take the initiative to attack Descendants of God.However, she had successfully lured several God's Missionaries to attack her with only her beauty. Through this method of fishing, Olli captured five God's Missionaries for experiments."I've conducted experiments on the five God's Missionaries for two years, and I've confirmed that Descendants of God cannot use spells! Please allow me to carefully examine these three people. "Olli bowed to Aise and Bayern respectively and said softly.Aise nodded in agreement. Olli carefully examined them. Her eyes widened, and her mouth opened slightly. She said in disbelief, "They really are Descendants of God. Is it because of the different preconditions that lead to different results?"Aise had already found the paper published by Olli through the magic book. This paper was published in Magic, Year 6, Month 11, Magic Calendar, "Magic and Descendants of God Are Isolated — and on the Knight's Spell Difficulty." Aise flipped through Olli's paper and said,"There's nothing wrong with your research, but the final conclusion is wrong. The subject of your research is God's Missionaries, not Descendants of God. You can only confirm that God's Missionaries can't use spells. The other God's Missionaries, heroes, and so on are unknown. "Olli immediately realized her mistake. After bowing to Aise and Bayern and apologizing, she turned back to her seat.After that, Aise announced the plan that he and Bayern had discussed yesterday to the crowd. In the discussion of the crowd, they improved it and finally named it the Tinder Plan.The meeting unanimously agreed to elect Aise, a quasi-official wizard, as the president of the Congress of Magic, who enjoyed the legal right to make decisions, and prepare to establish branches of the Congress of Magic in the City-state of Salya.A total of 16 advanced wizard apprentices were selected, and eight groups of two were sent to the eight City-state of Salya to cultivate underground wizard organizations and select people with spiritual talents. The wizard tower would receive them regularly.

The dispatched advanced wizard apprentices would be appointed as the president or vice president of a branch of the Congress of Magic in the local City-state. Every three years, the wizard tower would rotate one person at a time.As for the Divine Nobles, they would not be developed vigorously for the time being. They would select fixed people to capture and conduct long-term experiments in the wizard tower. When the time was right, they could develop the Divine Nobles.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login