Report
                            
                            "It's useless. How can someone like you, who is favored by the ancestor god, compete with someone like me who has worked so hard to obtain power?"Alex ignored Moore's attacks while he was in the shadow form. At the same time, he took the time to counterattack. He used the shadow weapon to attack intermittently. Wounds began to appear on Moore's body. Each wound had the corrosive power of the shadow, making a sizzling sound.The frost blade in Moore's hand emitted a soft light. It activated the power of the frost sea under his feet, nourishing and dispelling the corrosion of the shadow bit by bit.Moore didn't make a sound. He focused on observing Alex, looking for a pattern. He firmly believed that a Transcendent at the level of a Great Hero couldn't have unrestrained invincibility. All the apparent invincibility must have intricate constraints!"Stupid Alex, accept the punishment of frost!"The moment Alex waved the shadow weapon to attack, Moore didn't retreat. Instead, he rushed forward. The shadow weapon pierced his chest and directly cut off Alex's right arm with the frost blade!"Ah!"Alex cried out. His right arm and weapon had been cut off by Moore.Moore's unarmed hand grabbed the severed arm and slowly pulled it out. The shadow weapon was slowly pulled out of his chest, making a sizzling sound."I've seen through your ability. The shadow form can't be invincible without limit. Either there is a way to attack you at the same level, or you will be in the same state as me at some point."Moore threw the severed arm and the shadow weapon to the frost beast below him. The beast swallowed them in one gulp, making a chewing sound.The shadow power condensed on Alex's body, and a new arm grew out. However, the new arm withered immediately."When you attack me, you come out of the shadow layer and reach the real layer. At that time, I can also attack you." Moore waved the frost blade and attacked continuously.His strength was great, and the frequency was too fast for the eyes to take in. Alex remained in the shadow form the whole time, unable to resist. The right arm of the shadowy Alex kept growing and withering. It couldn't be restored.Aise Eagle listened and spied. This was a rare secret. He already knew Alex's weakness!"What did you do, Moore!"Alex said angrily and crazily."Don't struggle, Alex. Everything you've suffered is the punishment you deserve! Blasphemer who betrays the clan, the frost will punish you. Let this sea of frost be your final grave! "

Moore did not answer Alex. He never had the bad habit of explaining his ability to others. The reason why Alex's arm could not be restored was because the Frost Behemoth had swallowed the soul of the source of his arm.This was the inherent ability of the Tribute of Frost, the Touch of Extreme Frost.Any part touched by the Touch of Extreme Frost would be permanently frozen and sealed. This kind of seal was on the soul level, just like Alex's arm, which would be lost forever.Unless the arm sealed by the Touch of Extreme Frost was unsealed, this part of the soul and body would be lost forever. There was no way to recover it, not even if it was reborn.Because this was the power of the natural order, sealed by the Touch of Extreme Frost, there was no pain or harm. In essence, this part of the natural order was completely missing.If one were to use an inappropriate analogy, it would be turning the opponent from a two-armed creature into a single-armed creature, and they would never be able to evolve two arms again.Moore rushed forward like a gust of wind, continuously attacking. Time passed and there was a little bit of dawn in the East.The Aise Eagle squinted its eyes and pondered. It seemed like the Tribute of Frost had the ability to seal.He did not have time to analyze the runes that he had recorded, so he could only wait for things to settle down and then slowly study it.Whether it was the power of frost or the power of shadow, they surprised him. The Book Spirit was so full that it almost died."Hang in there, little one!"The Aise Eagle said to the Book Spirit on top of his head.The shadow figure and the projection of the Great Devil that were guarding Alex were also forced to a dead end by the Frost Behemoth. They struggled to kill one of the Frost Behemoths and fell on the sea of frost, but another one stood up.This endless stream of frost beasts had already exhausted the two of them.Bang!The wings of the Great Devil's projection were cut off and it fell on the sea of frost. As the cold wind blew, it turned into a permanent ice sculpture.The shadow figure was a little messy. In the end, it was bitten by the Frost Behemoth and turned into a shadow, returning to the darkness behind Alex."Alex, I'm afraid your Shadow Transformation ability has a time limit too! Let me see your end, let the frost purify everything! "Moore smiled victoriously. There were wounds on Alex's body that were left by the frost. His ability had a time limit indeed!

At this moment, looking at the rising sun, Moore felt that he had won!The hairless roasted dogs were fighting to bite and fuse with each other. A gigantic tentacle monster with a tumor gradually appeared. It was like an abyss, chaotic and emitted a strange and ominous aura.When the tentacle monster with a tumor appeared, almost everyone's heart skipped a beat. It seemed to be an ominous sign.This tentacle monster with a tumor was much stronger than the first time Aise and Dana saw it. Countless dog heads and wailing figures drilled out of it and were pulled back.It was not in a hurry to attack the Demigods who were charging on the Frost Behemoth. Instead, it wreaked havoc in the city, harming the ordinary residents. With every wave of its tentacles, a large number of residents died and houses collapsed. Their flesh and souls merged with the tumor, making it even more ominous."This chaotic and ominous feeling." Dickens, who was riding a Frost Boar, defeated the shadow figures of his family with difficulty. He used the Frost Boar to swallow and seal them. Suddenly, he felt disgusted and horrified.He looked up and saw the tentacle monster with a tumor. He felt a chill from his back and dizzy, as if a mysterious existence was whispering beside him."This thing, why does it feel like I'm looking at the abyss?"Dickens pulled the Frost Boar and slowly retreated. He had a premonition that he might lose this time!"I've won! Alex, I've seen through you. Kneel down and accept your end. The freezing wind will blow your soul away! "Moore's excited attacker, Alex. He already clearly felt that Alex was dying.Alex gritted his teeth and struggled. He was no longer in the mood to argue. He devoted himself to resisting Moore's attacks.Just a little bit more. Alex looked at the dawn in the east in despair. The number of dead Demigods was just a little bit more, and the time was just a little bit more. Just a little bit more, and the ritual could be completed."Why? Why is it so difficult for me every time! "Alex roared in despair in his heart. What answered him was Moore's attacks, each stronger than the last.After the tentacle monster with a tumor devoured a large amount of flesh and souls, it suddenly swelled and a large number of protrusions appeared on its body.Each protrusion was like a naked brain. They struggled to crawl out of the tumor and fell to the cold ground, turning into a small tentacle monster with a tumor!A large number of small tentacle monsters moved extremely quickly. They rampaged in the fortress, devouring every living thing, tearing their flesh and gnawing their souls.