Report
                            
                            Aise's aura rose step by step. His mental pressure and invisible willpower check were far stronger than everyone else's, intimidating the apprentices. He raised his hands high and said to the apprentices, "It's a blank space."It's good to be blank. We don't have to break old bottles and jars. We can just paint the blueprint we want on this blank painting.This will be the territory of us wizards, and I, Aise the Firebringer, and my apprentices will be the masters of this virgin land.Here, we won't be hunted down, suppressed, or become rats in the gutter.We'll rule this territory like the nobles rule the mortals, but we won't become new nobles. We're Transcendents from the mortals. We're wizards!We'll build a magic society in this valley territory that's different from the one ruled by the divine nobles! "At this point, Aise stopped. He stared at the apprentices with bright eyes and asked, "What do you think is a magic society?"Everyone was silent for a while. Carloso stood up. He was thin, and the scar on his face was jumping like a bug because of his excitement, which ruined his originally handsome face.He bowed to Aise and said, "Dear Firebringer, I think the so-called magic society is a country where wizards are the leaders and mortals are the assistants.We'll lead the mortals here and accept their support. We'll select talented people from them and cultivate them into wizards.We're mortals. As long as there are mortals, we can continuously cultivate wizards. We'll definitely be stronger! "Aise waved his hand to let Scarface Carloso sit down. He looked around and said,"Carloso has spoken his own thoughts. Is there anyone else who wants to say their own?"As soon as his voice fell, Arnaud stood up. He hurriedly bowed to Aise and said, "I have a different idea.I think we can't only accept the support of mortals. We should also do our best to help them. We've become Transcendents from mortals. With greater power, we have greater responsibilities! "Aise looked at Arnaud, who had sincere eyes, and nodded with appreciation. Although he couldn't be as devoted as Arnaud, it didn't stop him from respecting this group of people.Heartfelt Knights, knights among wizards. What an interesting existence.As Aise thought about it, he continued to ask, "Does anyone else have their own ideas?"Everyone was silent. Bayern seemed to move. He stroked his short beard, but in the end didn't say anything.From Bayern's point of view, this wasn't just a question, but also a question about the path they were taking. If he were to speak before the Sorcerer-Apprentice's guide, in case his direction was different from Aise's, it would leave a bad impression.

Aise looked at the silent crowd and slowly expressed his thoughts."Before I talk about the Magic Society, let me talk about my views on the City-state society ruled by the Divine Nobles.City-state society actually had many excellent systems. It absorbed the elites among the mortals as citizens and served as the backbone of the City-state governance.Give citizens more freedom, status, and rights.They can freely participate in the City-state governance, hold citizens' meetings, and five hundred people's meetings to discuss and solve ordinary affairs. These are things we can learn. "A sea breeze blew from the east coast of the valley, with a salty and warm breath, gently caressing the people by the river. The entire primitive forest in the valley was even quieter, with only the occasional sound of a few monsters.Aise's hair moved slightly against the sea breeze. The fat ahoge on top of his head stubbornly resisted the power of the wind and stood still.His eyes had the power of persuasion (hinting spell) and he said:"But!The City-state system doesn't benefit the free people and slaves. It also deprives mortals of their greatest rights, which is the right to study and become Transcendents.We are forbidden to study Transcendents and become Transcendents. Under such a system, all the rights we have are the mercy of the shepherds. When the Divine Nobles want to harvest us, we are no more able to resist than slaves. "Under Aise's hinting and guidance, the people recalled their own experiences and couldn't help but agree.Dana looked at Ace with admiration. Being able to stay by his side and learn from him at all times was a blessing for her. It would be even better if they could be closer, as close as they had been on the road to the Northern Region.Ancestor burst into tears. He thought of the battle ten years ago, where there was a huge disparity in strength, the actual massacre, and her beautiful smile."So, we chose to leave! We came to this barren land, this virgin land, to build our territory, to build our magic society!Our magic society should be like this. In this territory, everyone can become a citizen and have all the ordinary rights of citizenship.We will build a small town in this territory, and in the future, we will build a city.The people here will follow the principle of equivalent exchange, and work hard in exchange for a good life.As long as they are not lazy, everyone will have food, clothes, and shelter.

Everyone has the right to education, and knowledge will no longer be a monopoly. We will build free general education schools and force ordinary children of the right age to study.Adults can also spend a small amount of Thales to study in the general education schools.The content of study should be in the following categories: the art of language, basic mathematics, basic logic, and magic education, supplemented by courses such as art and fighting, to cultivate talents suitable for the selection of wizards.The selection will be in the form of regular unified examinations, which will test the candidates' logical thinking, mathematical talent, research methods, ideological orientation, and spiritual talent.In the future, we will build a wizard's tower here, and all the apprentices will study magic in the tower.I will compile teaching materials for you and systematically teach you magic knowledge.Every apprentice will study in the tower for at least five years, and these five years will lay a solid foundation for your magic career.In the future, you will follow me in the tower. In the first year, you will learn basic logic, basic mathematics, research thinking, and the introduction of secondary meditation.In the next four years, I will gradually teach you Secondary Runology, Secondary Spell Model Deconstruction, Secondary Runic Array Structure, Secondary Potionology, Magic Material Identification, Low Level Magic Beast Encyclopedia, Enchantment Martial Techniques and Inherent Mana, Secondary Alchemy, Magic Tricks and Incantations, and so on. "Aise's eyes were bright, and there seemed to be runes flashing in his eyes. The apprentices were excited by his words and began to imagine a beautiful future.Aise did not continue speaking. He looked at the apprentices and gave them time to digest what he said.After a while, Arnaud held his head and said in pain, "Do we have to learn so many things in the tower? Can we not go to school? "