Report
                            
                            Most of the gods in the Kaya World were born gods. To them, they were born with divine authority and divine power. To them, faith was not that important.Demetrius was one of the few born gods. Her mother was an extremely powerful god, the Goddess of Love and Desire.Demetrius was born as a legendary hero. When she reached adulthood, she reached the pinnacle of legendary heroes and became an epic hero.The Goddess of Love and Desire gave her a series of trials to help her become a demigod. She then cooperated with the God of Frost, Rona. Finally, through the union with Aleas and the blessing of the City-state, she successfully became the Goddess of Grace."Honorable Goddess of Grace, Titan Master God, Lord of the Sea Ghana, and Demigod Pontos have arrived. Please move and open the crystal wall of the Divine Kingdom."Outside the Divine Kingdom, a loud voice resounded throughout the Divine Kingdom of the Goddess of Grace. Demetrius, who was lying lazily on the throne, looked a little embarrassed. She maintained her lazy posture and did not move. A projection walked out from her body and walked down the platform."My son, accompany me to meet one of the great twelve Titan Master Gods, Lord of the Sea Ghana."The clone of the goddess walked past the small throne and spoke to Rhonamus gracefully."As you wish, my Mother Goddess."Rhonamus stood up gracefully and followed the projection of the goddess solemnly. With just one step, he and Rhonamus reached the border between the Divine Kingdom and the Kaya Holy Mountain.The Goddess of Grace sensed the other side of the crystal wall. She was not in a hurry to open the Divine Kingdom. She was waiting for the arrival of her mother, the Goddess of Love and Desire.Although the Goddess of Love and Desire was not one of the twelve Titan Master Gods, she was extremely powerful among the Titan gods. She was an ordinary Master God. Even the Titan Master Gods did not dare to underestimate her.She held the three priesthoods of love, desire, and beauty. Each priesthoods was very powerful. As the second batch of gods born after the thirteen Titan Master Gods (including Pluto who was reincarnated as a soul from the underworld), the Goddess of Love and Desire, Ithea, was very powerful.She was not only powerful because of her priesthoods, but also because she had a group of followers and had given birth to a large number of gods. The power of love and the power of desire were feared even by the gods!At the border between the Goddess of Elegance's secondary plane and the Kaya Divine Mountain, an exquisite and elegant town appeared.According to the power of the gods, the place where their divine kingdom intersected with the Kaya Holy Mountain would show different terrains. Not only the terrains, but the area also proved the level of the divine power of the gods.

The more powerful the Divine Duty was, the more powerful the Divine Power was, and the more expansive the terrain would be.From this perspective, the Goddess of Elegance's divine power was not that strong.The waves wreaked havoc around the small town, but miraculously, they did not drown this elegant and exquisite small town. Above the waves, two giants, one big and one small, were standing on the waves."Father, why do you think Demetrius hasn't opened the crystal wall yet?"The little giant asked anxiously."My youngest son, Pontos. He must remain calm at all times. He is waiting for a god, and when that god arrives, the crystal wall will naturally open. "The big giant answered slowly. He was blue all over and held a trident in his hand. He was not angry, but he was awe-inspiring.At this moment, an enchanting fragrance assaulted them. Beautiful music was played all around them. The wind also carried a sweet smell. Lovely little spirits were born from nothingness. They praised love, praised beauty, and carried a seductive voice as they surrounded the two sea giants."Look, she is here."Just as the big giant finished speaking, countless petals appeared in the void. They danced with the wind and finally gathered to form a human figure. It was a beautiful young woman.The naivety of a young girl and the charm of a young woman were miraculously combined. Just by looking at her, one would feel as if they had fallen into endless beauty, sweetness, and longing."Respected Titan God, Lord of the Sea Garner, it is a pleasure to meet you! Welcome to my daughter's kingdom with your son. "The goddess smiled and said to the two sea giants with a warm smile that made people feel like they were bathing in a spring breeze."Her Highness, Goddess of Love and Desire, it is a pleasure to meet you! This is my youngest son, Pontos. " Lord of the Sea Garner glanced at Ithea and then looked away. Even the Titan God would be charmed by her terrifying natural charm if he looked at her for too long.The Goddess of Love and Desire looked at the Lord of the Sea, who was looking away. She covered her mouth and laughed. She said, "My charm is so great that even the Titan God does not dare to look at me directly?"In the void, she walked closer to the waves step by step. With every step, countless flowers were born under her bare feet. She stepped on the path of flowers and walked to the front of the Lord of the Sea.The charming fragrance carried the temptation of love. She leaned close to the ear of the Lord of the Sea and said softly, "Or are you afraid of falling in love with me?"

A rare blush appeared on the blue cheeks of the Lord of the Sea. He laughed awkwardly and then said seriously,"You are indeed one of the most powerful gods below the Titan God. Your Highness Ithea, let's not beat around the bush. My son, Pontos, needs to reach a new Holy Covenant with your daughter, Medea!"Ithea looked at the serious Lord of the Sea and smiled. She walked on the path of flowers to the elegant and exquisite town and waved her finger gently.On the other side of the crystal wall, Medea looked at the rippling crystal wall and opened a passage. An invisible space door opened and the entire elegant Holy Kingdom appeared in front of them.Medea's avatar walked out gracefully and bowed elegantly. She said, "Welcome to the honorable Titan God, Lord of the Sea Garner and Son of the Sea Pontos."She then glanced at Rhonamus. Rhonamus immediately ran to Ithea and supported her. He said, "Dear grandmother, I miss you so much!"The charming Ithea looked at the strong Rhonamus and gently touched his chest. She said, "My little grandson, you are getting more and more handsome. A hundred years ago, you were just a little baby who only knew how to cry. Let's go. We can talk about it slowly. "The secondary plane was the kingdom of the gods. The creator here was the creator. All the rules were controlled by him. It was his home ground. Even the Titan God could not break the rules in the secondary planes of other gods unless his real body came.Medea let go of the restrictions of the rules. They took a step forward and arrived at the high platform where Medea's real body was.Aleas had already left. The real body of the Goddess of Elegance Medea sat on the throne. Her avatar returned to her real body. She stood up gracefully to welcome them.Around the throne, three brand-new thrones rose slowly. Rhonamus stood beside the throne of the Goddess of Love and Desire. After the gods sat down, the Goddess of Elegance Medea asked with a smile, "May I know why Your Highness Lord of the Sea is here?"