Report
                            
                            After a while, the three Missionaries suddenly realized that the short-bearded old man suddenly cared about them a lot.Although he didn't release them, he forced them to sign a strong loyalty contract and a strong confidentiality contract under the Contract Scale, which gave them a certain amount of freedom.Although they were the descendants of Hercules, they did not have the backbone of Hercules' descendants. Under Bayern's intimidation and bewitchment, they accepted the so-called Secondary Eternal Spirit Blessing and successfully achieved Spirit Overclocking.The three of them were surprised to find that they could use their power of the will to levitate objects. The reason they had fallen from being the descendants of gods was that they had not been Missionaries for a few generations.Originally, the three brothers had no problem being the leeches of the Norton City-State. However, they were unwilling to give up and wandered the world for ten years without finding the legendary item mentioned in the legends. They were too ashamed to return to the Norton City-State and eventually became the leaders of a group of bandits.Even so, they still had a heart that yearned for transcendence!The three of them looked at each other with excitement.They knew that the old man was not a descendant of gods. According to the old man himself, he was an advanced wizard apprentice. Were they going to become wizards too?Their eyes were a little complicated. It seemed that they had no choice but to betray their social class for supernatural power."Harlan, Warren, Tanky, you have all become Spirit Overclockers. According to my senses, your power of the will is more than one unit. Who wants to try wizard spells first?"The short-bearded old man, Bayern, said to them kindly. Bayern had already canceled the charm spell. Since he wanted to develop a wizard force among the descendants of gods, he had to use a trick to entice them. Spells were too small a trick.The three of them were eager to try. They had been working hard for thirty years just to obtain supernatural power."I'm the big brother. I'll go first!"Harlan said.Then, under Bayern's careful guidance, Harlan finally learned how to draw Secondary Mana # 4 and Secondary Projectile # 6 in a day.Harlan first tried to activate Secondary Mana # 4, aiming at himself.The surrounding mana began to move rhythmically. Harlan slowly absorbed the surrounding mana to nourish his soul and body, while Bayern observed and recorded.One week later, Harlan, Warren, and Tang Qi were standing in Bayern's yard, carefully drawing rune structures in the air.Because they lacked the necessary mathematical knowledge, their casting speed was very slow. After about two minutes, the three of them finished drawing the spell model of Lesser Magic Bullet in the air.

Along with the rhythm of mana, the spell model was activated, and three Lesser Mana Bullets were instantly launched.Bayern looked at the three of them excitedly. His plan was about to succeed!The three of them also excitedly looked at the crater created by the Magic Bullet. They had grasped extraordinary powers. Although it was not bloodline power, it was real extraordinary power!In the following time, Bayern continued to teach these experimental subjects, and during rest, he would charm and control them. Until today, he secretly reported to Aise.After listening to Bayern's report in the sealing room, Aise slowly released his pressure and looked at Bayern. While Bayern was sweating profusely, Aise said, "You did well.The original intention of the suggestion is very good, and the feasibility is also revealed. But this is very important. If you have similar plans in the future, you should mention them to me first, so I can support you better. "Bayern was sweating. He was so focused on the experiment that he forgot the most important thing for an underling, which was to not hide anything.Aise looked at Bayern and continued,"You want to secretly spread the sorcerer's influence in every city of Saria through the secret transmission of magic books. That's a good idea.Not only do we need to develop the lower class of Divine Nobles, but we also need to find people with spiritual talents in every City-state. You should have noticed that different spiritual talents have different promotion speeds for wizard apprentices.Of course, we wizards not only look at spiritual talents, but also academic talents. Limited by our strength, we will first search for people with excellent spiritual talents, and then assess their academic talents. "Bayern listened carefully to Aise's words, touched his short beard, and slowly said, "Sir, you mean we need to develop both the lower class of Divine Nobles and the people with spiritual talents in Saria?""Yes! At this stage, the focus is to establish our underground organizations in every City-state, give priority to developing people with spiritual talents, and regularly send magic ships to take them to the Wizard Tower territory for further training, and gather all the people with spiritual talents in Saria for our use.As for developing the lower class of Divine Nobles and disintegrating them from the inside, this idea is good, but not perfect enough, and there is a lack of experimental data to support it. "Aise used an advanced magic trick to make two chairs, sat down and answered casually.Bayern also sat down and asked in confusion, "Sir Aise, what other experimental data do we need?"Aise looked at Bayern and said with a serious expression,

"There are too many things we need to experiment.Can Divine Missionaries, Demigod Heroes, and even Heroes walk the path of magic? Do they have more advantages on this path? Will they steal our results?Do Divine Nobles have a lot of limitations in spellcasting, like Knights? If so, what are the limitations?Most Divine Nobles can only specialize in the power of their bloodline. Will this change after they walk the path of magic?If they can walk the path of magic, how far can they go on this path?Only by answering these four questions can we decide whether to develop the lower class of Divine Nobles, and not let them steal our path of magic! "Bayern felt like he was struck by lightning. He thought in a daze, and cold sweat ran down his back.If the path of magic was really stolen by the Divine Nobles, then he would be the biggest sinner!"Sir Aise, you're right. I didn't think it through thoroughly."Aise looked at Bayern and comforted him."I'm just taking precautions. In the past hundred thousand years, no one has walked our path. Maybe the Divine Nobles do have some limitations that prevent them from walking or giving up on this path.This is just a hypothesis, and it has to be proven by experiments. Tomorrow, I'll summon all the members of the Congress of Magic to the first floor of the west tower and hold a secret meeting. You can bring the Divine Nobles here. We need all the advanced apprentices to pass this matter! "The next morning, all the members of the Congress of Magic, or advanced apprentices, came to the first floor of the west tower."What do you think is going to happen this time?""Maybe it's the result of the experiment a few days ago?""I hope it's good news. If Sir Aise succeeds, then there's hope for us too!""Hush, Sir Aise is here …"
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login