Report
                            
                            "Moore's strength lies in his short sword. He obtained this long-lost strange item from an adventure and directly advanced from an ordinary hero to a great hero. He has strength that is not inferior to a great hero or a golden hero at the peak."Countless thoughts flashed through Alex's mind. He needed time. As long as he dragged the time until the moment when night and day alternated, the ritual would be completed.By then, no one would be able to stop the transformation of the abyss and the descent of Grayness.Moore did not notice Alex's thoughts. He raised the Frost Short Sword to his lips and then pointed the tip of the sword in the direction of his lips."Whoosh!"Moore blew hard in the direction where the Frost Short Sword was pointing.The breath carried coldness and Moore's will. After passing through the Frost Short Sword, it was suddenly magnified and turned into an extremely cold Frost Gale. It brought along snow and ice as it raged out.As the gale blew, all the Grayness believers' ice sculptures disappeared with the wind and turned into ice crystal dust. Even their souls could not be reincarnated.This was a rare item, the Praise of Frost!It could transform the terrain in an instant and create a frost ocean with highly active magic. It could selectively freeze the enemy to protect its companions. It could also blow out a bone-piercing cold wind to destroy the enemy's soul and body.Aise sensed the terrifying changes and frantically recorded any runes that flashed by. Thanks to the insight he had learned from Bayern, he could not have captured those powerful runes.Even if he could not understand it now, these were the foundation!"Let the frost purify everything!"Moore Rona raised the Frost Short Sword and roared loudly.He stood in the sea of frost, and the frost danced, turning into a giant frost beast. He roared with the entire sea of frost and charged at Alex.A group of Deities, heroes, quasi-heroes, and God's missionaries rode on the giant frost beast and roared angrily!"Let the frost punish you!""Charge forward and crush them!""For our ancestors, for Rona!"Dickens was riding a giant Frost Boar, roaring in anger and grief.He looked at the Deities who had suffered heavy casualties and thought of his loving father, his eldest brother who was eagerly anticipating his success, and his second brother who was awkward. Pain spread in his heart."Alex, why did you do this?! Why did you kill an entire race back then?! "

Dickens roared with a hoarse throat."Why?"Alex gave a rare reply to Dickens. He looked at the Frost Descendants who were charging like waves and let out a strange chuckle. His entire body sank into the dark shadows behind him."Because this is my father's wish for me. This is also my destiny!"The pitch-black shadows gave off a deathly stillness. Countless figures were stirred up in the darkness. The darkness was constantly expanding, and the figures were struggling to crawl out of the darkness.A strong black figure walked in front of Alex and guarded him. The other figures scattered and charged towards the Frost Descendants riding the Frost Beasts."Look at them, this is frost! The Yi Clan didn't die, they were just one with me, forever a part of me, becoming my shadow! "Dickens looked at the three shadowy figures charging at him with a horrified expression. These pitch-black faces and bodies still had an unconcealable sense of familiarity!They were Dickens' family, his kind and resolute father, his brave eldest brother, and his awkward second brother!At this moment, the Frost Descendants were engaged in a fierce battle with their former race in the darkness before dawn in the Northern Fortress."Blasphemy!"Moore Rona saw all this and urged the Frost Beasts to charge at Alex, roaring angrily."Alex, you have blasphemed against our clansmen, against our ancestor god! You have even thrown yourself into the embrace of the abyss and become Gray's lackey. I will kill you, you filthy jackal, and use frost to purify your soul! ""What's the use of running your mouth? You were born with an outstanding bloodline, and you have even had fortuitous encounters that ordinary people can't hope to have. How can you understand the difficulties of my clansmen with inferior bloodlines?! "Alex advanced instead of retreating. He pulled out a shadow blade from the darkness behind him and went straight for Moore Rona."Your bloodline is pure, and you are destined to be high and mighty! Our bloodlines are inferior, and it is difficult for us to even become God's Missionaries. Because of this, my father sacrificed himself and used his bloodline to purify mine. "The two of them engaged in a fierce battle. The power of frost and shadow intertwined. In the darkness, the projection of the Great Demon darted out. Together with the shadow figure guarding Alex, the three of them surrounded and attacked Moore Rona.Moore was in high spirits. With the fury of frost, he was not at a disadvantage against the three of them. The surging sea of frost gave him endless power. Standing in this sea, no one could kill him!

Aise's eagle ears had also been modified. He listened attentively to the information. These were secrets that he would never have come into contact with normally. At this moment, he felt that it was worth it. Even if he returned to his main body now, he would still have profited greatly!"Your father's sacrifice was great and proud. He had a clear conscience of frost and a clear conscience of his father. But you, despicable villain, vicious villain! You killed an entire race just to purify your own bloodline. You must have been cursed by frost. The ancestor god will not let you off. "Moore Rona waved the Frost Crystal Dagger. Extremely cold crystals grew on the dagger, and in the blink of an eye, the dagger turned into a giant frost blade!He brandished the giant blade, and with the pressure of extreme cold, he easily forced the three of them to retreat."Hahaha, I killed so many of my clansmen just to obtain a purer bloodline. I wanted to get closer to the ancestor god. I was not wrong! Am I destined to be trampled under your feet? The ancestor god actually punished me. He cursed me and made me completely lose my strength! But, do you think I will submit like this? "Alex was in a frenzy. He ignored his wounds and charged at Moore.These words had long been hidden in his heart. In the days when he lost his strength, he hid from place to place. He was tempted by the Demoness and paid a heavy price to finally gain Gray's favor."Sophistry!"Moore snapped. He brandished his frost blade and cut at Alex."Frost has only taken back your power, and that's already a great grace. You don't repent, and instead blame the Ancestor God. Such vile behavior, such disgusting thoughts, I will represent Frost to purify you completely!"Every time Moore brandished his frost blade, it brought with it an extremely cold air. The splash damage could even freeze a soul.However, Alex seemed to have a special ability. He was able to ignore the frost blades and even recover after being sliced by them like a shadow."You really have completely fallen into the abyss. You can actually turn into a shadow! But in the end, you are just a disgusting half-demon. You can't even compare to the projection of the great demon beside you. At least it is a pure demon, unlike you, the disgrace of Frost, the dregs of God's descendants. "Moore infuriated Alex with his unforgiving words as he thought of a solution.Alex could not continue in this state. There must be some kind of restriction. This restriction could be a duration or some kind of condition. I have to give it a try.

Moore's lips curled into a smile. His overall attack became even fiercer.The shadow figure and the great demon projection attacked him from behind. Unexpectedly, the ice crystals behind Moore suddenly grew. They quickly formed two ice crystal beasts and fought with them.