Report
                            
                            Whoosh!Half of his wet body grew out again. Alex stood up and looked at the collapsing Frost Ocean. He walked towards the melting Frost Beast and took back his broken arm and shadow weapon.The broken arm and the shoulder wriggled and countless tiny shadow threads appeared. Soon, the broken arm was reattached to the body.Alex waved the shadow weapon in his hand with his broken arm. He looked at the terrifying mountain of flesh and Moore who was being held up in the air by the mountain of flesh. His eyes flashed coldly.In mid-air, Moore was still fighting back with all his might. He waved the ice crystal dagger with all his might, the Tribute of Frost. Due to the collapse of the Frost Ocean, his magic power was weakened by half. He was exhausted."I can only use this move!" Determination flashed in his eyes. He waved the Tribute of Frost and shouted, "Even if I am suspended in mid-air, I, Moore, will not lose. The frost will purify everything!"Then, he spun at high speed and suddenly jumped up. In mid-air, he exploded with a terrifying white and dazzling light.Boom!Moore, who was spinning at high speed, suddenly shrunk into a point with a dazzling white light. He then fell like a star. The entire Northern Fortress echoed his roar."Frost Star Fall, Extreme Cold Storm, Purify All Evil!"Boom!The falling ice crystal star hit the mountain of flesh and exploded with a white light that could not be looked at directly!Alex closed his eyes and felt the extremely cold wind with his skin. He was in a good mood."Great, one Moore and that disgusting mountain of flesh. Just right, just right!"He laughed wildly. The darkness behind him suddenly expanded. The strange ritual that was set up in the fortress began to respond. An ominous aura filled the air.From afar to near, from the stronghold to the villages that had been massacred in the Northern Region, strange ritual patterns began to appear one after another. If someone were to look down from the sky, they would see spots of black appearing on the snow-covered Northern Region.In the center of the fortress, after the star fell, the entire mountain of flesh was frozen. It was like a huge ice sculpture. Mo Er stood atop the mountain of flesh and ice, weakly gasping for breath. Sealing such a massive evil being was a bit over the limit."Fortunately, the sun has risen, and the power of the shadows has been greatly weakened. Although we suffered heavy losses, we still won!"Moore closed his eyes and felt the sunlight caress his skin. In a place where he could not see, the shadows were madly devouring the land of the Northern Territory.

"Pa pa pa!"Alex clapped his hands as he approached the frozen mountain of flesh. He clicked his tongue and said, "I can't help but admire you, great hero Moore Rona, wielder of the Tribute of Frost!""You've almost figured out how to use Frost's Praise. Even if you're at the pinnacle of Great Heroes, I'm afraid that even Golden Heroes aren't as good as you. You're so close to being able to turn the entire battle around by yourself.""I, Alex, am the first believer of the Lord of Darkness, Lord Druckbach. I am willing to call you the strongest hero."Alex opened his arms and raised the shadow blade in his hand, chanting like a poet."You're about to die, and you still want to play tricks?"Moore opened his eyes and slightly recovered his strength. He jumped up and prepared to end Alex.At that moment, the frozen mountain of flesh shook violently all of a sudden, and an even more ominous aura gushed out."How is that possible? Falling Frost Star is the most powerful sealing ability of the Tribute of Frost. Even a Legendary Hero wouldn't be able to get out so quickly after being sealed!"Moore said in shock."Something like the mountain of flesh is destined to be a sacrifice. You've sealed it, which coincides with my ritual. You've helped me make up for the last bit of inadequacy. As thanks, please become the sacrifice of the ritual! "Following Alex's words, an ominous shadow gushed out from under the mountain of flesh. It quickly devoured the mountain of flesh and let out a human-like burp.Moore, who was standing on the mountain of flesh, could not escape in time. He was swallowed by the ominous shadow that covered the sky. He tried his best to struggle and escape, but in the end, he was pulled deeper into it.In the darkness, Moore, who was in despair, screamed desperately. He threw the Tribute of Frost, the relic in his hand, out of the shadow!"Go, with my unwillingness and regret, find the Frost Blood Descendant who's on the right path. Let him regain the glory of frost and purify this evil!"After doing all that, Moore was completely devoured by the shadow.Alex stood in the empty Northern Fortress, half-kneeling as he looked at the shadow that was wreaking havoc."The first believer of Gray, Alex, welcomes the great Gray Lord, Master Drucker Bach!"The shadow that was wreaking havoc was like a wave, filling the entire sky. It seemed to be responding to Alex. The giant hand that covered the sky tore the sky apart with a rotten and sulfuric aura. Countless demons rushed out from the crack.

The giant hand exerted force again, and the crack in the sky became even bigger. The terrifying being on the opposite side tried a few times, but it still could not pass through the crack directly. It seemed like there was some kind of rule power that was restricting it.After a long time, the crack shrank irresistibly. The being roared and split a projection, passing through the shrinking crack.Bang!As its projection fell into the Northern Fortress, the crack in the sky healed quickly. The demons that could not pass through in time were crushed by the crack and disappeared without a trace.The witch carried Sauron and looked at the changes in the Northern Fortress from afar. The entire fortress had been transformed into the abyss, and dozens of demon lairs had been successfully transformed using the remains of the mountain of flesh.The frontline that used to resist the demons had now become the playground of the shadow demons. Countless shadow demons' face bugs were breeding here. They tore at each other, and the strong ones gradually evolved into small demons with pointed tails."I didn't expect our cold-hearted witch to care about a mortal."Ambrio walked behind the witch unknowingly and said softly."This has nothing to do with you. But your mountain of flesh monster, isn't it a pity to use it like this? "The witch did not look back. She carried the unconscious Sauron and walked quickly."It's my honor to be able to help the great Drucker Bach. It's also my honor."Ambrio bowed to the witch. The expression on his Mask of Pain was ferocious and enjoyable.The witch did not answer. She carried Sauron and walked a few steps. She walked very far and soon disappeared. Ambrio stared at the witch's back, and a strange smile appeared on his Mask of Pain.The team of wizard apprentices saw the great changes in the Northern Fortress. The extremely ominous abyss aura was like a solid substance, and there was a bit of a commotion. Everyone felt lucky to have survived a disaster.The mirror image of the eagle Aise carried the fat ahoge book spirit that was about to die because of the extraordinary knowledge. After circling in the sky a few times, it landed next to Bayern and transformed back to its original form.It was wearing a black robe and took off its hood. The fat ahoge on top of the mirror image of Aise's head moved with the wind, and it made small burps from time to time.