Report
                            
                            The Wizard Apprentices around the bonfire looked up at Aise, who was floating in the air with his hands raised high.Arnaud directly stood up and said loudly, "Although I don't understand what is reality and what is cognition, I am willing to hold the torch high. I want to be the next Fire Relayer!"Olli blushed. She understood some of it, but she knew that Arnaud definitely did not understand. She quickly pulled Arnaud down and whispered, "Arnaud is a big idiot! You should study elementary mathematics thoroughly first, then we can talk about whether you can be the Fire Relayer! "The other sorcerer-apprentices were also excited. They were a group, the Fire Relayer's fire seed, the next Fire Relayer!Warren frowned. He thought for a long time, then stood up, bowed to Aise and asked, "Dear Fire Relayer, may I ask how to think correctly and rationally?"Aise looked at Warren with appreciation. He liked to ask questions, like to think, and did not follow blindly. This was an excellent quality.He was not in a hurry to answer. He quietly waited for the crowd to calm down and think.After a while, he said, "Let's assume that the world is a cave-like cave. There is only a long passage connecting to the outside world, so there is very weak light shining into the cave.Some prisoners have lived in the cave since childhood. Their necks and legs are tied up, so they can't move or turn their heads. They can only look forward at the wall of the cave.Behind them, there is a burning torch, and between the torch and the prisoners, there is a road and a wall.Behind the wall, there are some people facing the fire. They are holding all kinds of dolls and making them do all kinds of different actions.These prisoners saw the images projected on the wall in front of them and mistook them for real things.At this time, a prisoner was released from his shackles. He stood up, looked around, and walked out of the cave. Then he discovered the truth of things. It turned out that everything he saw was an illusion, and there was a bright world outside.So he did not want to live in this dark life anymore, and he wanted to save his companions. "Aise quietly told the story of the cave and the torch. He looked at the people in front of him and asked, "How do you think his companions will treat him? How do you treat the first person who sees the 'truth'? "Arnaud stood up and said, "They will definitely respect him and let him lead the rest of the prisoners to the world of light!"The other Apprentice Adepts didn't answer immediately as they were still thinking.

Bayern pondered in his heart, standing outside of the story. It seemed to be as Arnaud had said, but what if he became a prisoner?From the moment they were born, they couldn't walk or turn their heads. They could only look at the walls of the cave and see the images on the walls. In their minds, the images were everything!Would they really trust a comrade who had shattered all their knowledge?"The other prisoners in the cave will not trust this prisoner who has seen the world of light. They will not trust him. If that prisoner tries to save the other prisoners, his life will be in danger! ""That's because the prisoners have never seen the real world. They live in a false world. They can only see what the cave shows them! They are people without the power of thought! "Bayern stood up and said resolutely.Aise, who was floating above the bonfire, looked at Bayern who was resolute and felt gratified.He said softly, "Not only did the prisoners not believe a single word he said, but they also thought that his eyes had been burnt by the sun after he came back from a trip to the top. He couldn't even recognize the 'images' like he did before.Because they didn't want to leave this familiar world, they killed this kind-hearted man. ""In the real world, we could also be in the same cave, in the ignorance. If someone tells us the truth and subverts our knowledge, what will we do? "The apprentices fell into deep thought. If someone in the real world completely subverted their knowledge, what would they do? What would they do?"A few decades ago, in the northern City-state of Mieren, Beda's school was very popular! Their cornerstone theory was Beda's' the ratio of any two line segments can be expressed by the ratio of two integers'. "Everyone had learned elementary mathematics and knew that numbers were not just integers and fractions. There were also irrational numbers and even more expansions. The apprentices discussed animatedly. It was hard to believe that someone would use such a theory as a cornerstone."You may find it hard to believe, but in the eyes of the Beda's school, that was the truth of the mathematical world. Later, there was a Beda's school apprentice named Hibbs. He discovered that the generalization of Beda's theorem was a ² + b ² = c ². Suppose a = 1, b = 1, and since a ² + b ² = c ², c ² = 2.You have learned elementary mathematics, and you all know that this c = √ 2 is an infinite non-cyclic decimal number. But for the believers of the Beda's school, this broke their understanding of numbers. So, they drowned Hibbs! "

"The Beda's school is so stupid!""There are actually people who treat fallacies as truth!""They are the prisoners in the cave!"The apprentices discussed animatedly. Warren was still seriously thinking about the relationship between "cave metaphor" and "new number killing" and correct thinking and rational cognition.He seemed to have caught something, but when he thought about it carefully, he didn't catch anything."My apprentices, if one day, one of you claimed that the current cornerstone system of magic, the system of mana, magic elements, runes, and spell models, is not correct and that this system is a completely wrong path, what would you think?"Aise floated in the air and asked leisurely.The bonfire was gradually extinguished, the sun was gradually rising, and the east was bright.The apprentices were in an uproar. They had just stepped into the door of the path of magic and were stumbling along the path of mana, magic elements, runes, and spell models. This path was so fascinating that it gave them extraordinary powers. How could it be wrong?"Mana, magic elements, runes, and spell models are the true summary of the extraordinary phenomena of this world. It may be imperfect, but it can't be wrong!""It's hard to imagine that this path is wrong. If it's wrong, why can it give us extraordinary powers?!"Warren's eyes flashed with doubt and surprise. Could it be!"My apprentices, this is the cognitive barrier. If there really comes a day when all the wizards, including me, unanimously oppose this question, then we will become the prisoners of the cave, the believers of the Beda's school!""Correct thinking and rational cognition require us to not believe in authority and always maintain an objective and neutral mode of thinking and research spirit!""As long as we always maintain an objective and neutral research spirit and don't believe in authority, we wizards will be a group of people with thinking power. We are the measure of all things!"The long night had passed, dawn broke in the east, and the sun rose from the east!