Report
                            
                            "Research here first, don't be in a hurry to rebuild the laboratory. I have a new idea on how to rebuild the magic laboratory. Our future laboratory will be together with the place where the apprentices study, achieving the integration of production, research, and production.In the legends of my previous life, every powerful Magus had their own tower. It's time to turn the legends into reality! "Aise said to the mirror image with a look of longing, the fat ahoge on top of his head swaying weakly."One more thing. Go to the empty space by the river outside the settlement and quietly set up the contract ceremony. We need to sign a magic contract with the friends and family of the apprentices and all the barbarians. A loyalty contract!""As you wish, my main body."The mirror image bowed and replied.On the mountain range at the edge of the valley, the exhausted apprentices and their friends and family were slowly walking down the mountain range under the encouragement of the grey robed Bayern."The environment here is indeed different from the other places in the Lar Mountain Range. There is no ice, snow, or cold wind. We can even see green in the middle of winter. It's really delightful!"An apprentice said excitedly."But don't you think this is just a primitive forest in a valley?"Another apprentice said in a disappointed tone."Hmph! You people have never experienced the pain of being chased like dogs. As long as there is a place, a place where we can live safely, it's already very good. "A skinny, handsome enchantment apprentice walked over with a dagger in his hand.His facial features should be very good looking, but unfortunately, the scar and anger had made his face a little distorted. When he walked, his body was like a cheetah, as if he could go on a rampage at any time.The two apprentices were quite frightened by him and awkwardly distanced themselves from him."Carloso, they are just too young and have too little experience. Why do you have to scare them?"Polina took a few steps forward and said to him."It's because they are young that I have to say a few words to them! A new life, a better future, we can rely on ourselves to create it.Sir Firebringer has given us a new, free land to live in. We should not ask for the rest, but work hard for it ourselves! "He paused for a moment before continuing, "When I was their age, I was still fighting for the right to free the slaves in the arena!"

Bolina looked at Carloso. The scar on his cheek was left behind during a gladiator fight. When they were in the Lar Mountain Range, the Fire Relayer had told him that it could be healed with magic, but he had refused. He was really a stubborn person.Along the way, Anzesta and Arnaud, who had been providing warmth for the commoners, were finally able to rest. Olli wiped away Arnaud's sweat with heartache, and Donna followed suit, using a lady's handkerchief to wipe away Anzesta's sweat.Xavier, on the other hand, followed Anzesta. He was carrying bags of luggage and doing his best to train as a knight squire.Aise had already brought a portion of the Barbarian Tribe to prepare water and food. They were waiting for everyone not too far away. Everything looked so beautiful.Betty was even driving the Type I Apprentice forward. At this moment, she suddenly sensed that the magic power was in a mess. The steam-powered prototype on her back seemed to have reached its limit, and the accumulated heat and high-pressure steam were about to explode!She hurriedly got rid of her parents and rushed to the forest far away from everyone. Then, she quickly constructed a secondary spell, Catapult Kick, and jumped down from the Type I Apprentice.After a few jumps and rolls, Betty was about ten meters away from the Type I Apprentice. Boom!Finally, the steam-powered prototype could not bear the pressure anymore. The compressed heat that had been accumulating for a long time exploded, and the entire Type I Apprentice instantly exploded on the spot.All kinds of parts that were contaminated by magic power were torn apart and shot out like hidden weapons at an extremely fast speed.Seeing this, Aise did not hesitate. He instantly activated Advanced Magic Trick. His whole body was twisting along with the rhythm of the magic power. His lips were trembling quickly, and he shouted,"Seven-layered Magic Crystal Ring, Supermassive Defense!"Accompanied by his strange and hurried tone, the magic power gathered and moved rhythmically. A triangular magic crystal ring that could cover almost everyone appeared in the direction of the explosion. Then, the triangular magic crystal ring spun and formed a new magic crystal ring that moved forward.The triangular magic crystal ring turned into a quadrilateral magic crystal ring, and the quadrilateral magic crystal ring turned into a pentagonal magic crystal ring, and so on until it turned into a regular nine-sided magic crystal ring.The huge shock wave and the scattered parts of the Type I Apprentice were sent flying like bullets. Thanks to Aise's spell, there were no casualties.The Type I Apprentice was holding a giant sword that was sent flying by the shock wave. It pierced into the seven-layered magic crystal ring and made a clanking sound.After about half a minute, the shock wave of the explosion had ended. Aise canceled the spell and chanted, "Summon the Greatsword!"

The strange greatsword followed the rhythm of the spell and came to Aise's hand.Aise carried the greatsword and walked to the side of the blond, flat-chested pseudo-loli Betty. He used his magic power to help her up and stabbed the greatsword in front of her. He said gently, "This is your sword. Hold it well."Betty's expression was a little dull. She looked at the remains of the Type I Apprentice, then turned her head to look at Aise. She mechanically leaned on the greatsword that Aise had stabbed into the ground and murmured, "Why did this happen?I've been accumulating parts for more than a year. I've worked so hard every day to enchant the metal. My heart hurts! "Aise did not care about Betty, who had lost her mind. He faced the admiring eyes of the crowd and listened to the whispers of the few wizard apprentices."The Firebringer is really, really cool!""That's right, that's right. The Firebringer chanted a mysterious language and turned his body to create such a huge magic crystal barrier!""The defense is too strong. I really want to learn it. Why isn't it on the exchange list for magic books?""Could it be that this is a unique spell that only the strong have passed down among the apprentices?"Aise listened to the crowd's discussion and felt the crowd's praise. He felt a burst of joy in his heart. This was human nature!It was precisely because of the complexity of human nature, the desire, the emotions, and the bottom line that they formed an independent self. The pursuit of happiness was the eternal nature of human nature.Aise maintained his composure on the surface. He secretly activated the soul spell "Hint" and said gently to the crowd."My apprentices and friends of the apprentices, you have gone through a lot and finally arrived at our new home. Now, I'll invite everyone to have a simple meal and then have a good rest in the settlement. ""Although our new home is simple, there is unlimited hope here. A beautiful future is in our hands. Now, please enjoy the food."