Report
                            
                            Moreover, Betty had a lot of creative ideas, even Bayern could not help but be impressed.She often discussed with Bayern the design problems of their respective machine parts. Although Bayern did not understand machines, he was very knowledgeable in mathematics, and helped Betty solve many problems from a mathematical point of view.The more he interacted with Betty, the more he felt that maybe one day in the future, Betty could really create the legendary Mechanical Giant of the previous civilization.After Bayern the black cat finished his explanation, Betty looked for him to discuss the machine parts, and kept trying to get the details of Bayern's Secondary Shapeshifting Skill.To avoid giving himself away, Bayern the black cat decided to lead Betty to think about other problems, and said:"Betty, I think you may have fallen into a misunderstanding. You have been trying to create a huge Mechanical Giant, and this is a huge project even in the previous civilization, and it is definitely not something that can be done by one person. Why don't you try to complete a certain part first? ""Complete a certain part?" Betty seemed to have an idea, but she could not grasp it, and she frowned in thought."For example," Bayern the black cat glanced at the smaller Betty, and said randomly, "You can create some kind of auxiliary machine to increase your close combat ability, similar to enchanted weapons, but not exactly the same."Betty listened to Bayern's vague words, and fell into deep thought."Some kind of machine similar to enchanted weapons, then I should be able to hold it in my hand, no, maybe I can attach it to my body like armor. Maybe I can create a body similar to armor and weapon. A complete body is a little difficult, maybe I can make a part of it first, like an auxiliary mechanical arm? "The smaller Betty thought, and her thoughts gradually opened up, and a vague composition appeared in her mind. She hugged Bayern the black cat, gave it a big kiss, and turned to go home with Donna, she could not wait to make the mechanical arm.The clone had been working hard at the strange ritual node for the past few days.He peeped at the Gray Darkness believers without emotion, watching them secretly kill the residents, torture and sacrifice their souls to create materials for the ritual.He carefully observed and recorded the knowledge of the ritual, and compared it with what he had recorded in the past. The last time he recorded in the village was too hasty, and many things were not perfect.Over the past few days, he had made great progress in his knowledge of locating other planes, summoning, and offering sacrifices. Perhaps after moving the laboratory, he would be able to study how to summon creatures from other planes.

Over the past few days, his avatar had already figured out the bald, scarred priest's movement pattern and strength level by secretly activating the soul spells "Insight Perception" and "Magic Sensitivity."The bald priest's black-blood-red light and the concentration of magic power in his body were roughly equivalent to the level of a quasi-hero. According to the judgment of the Rune Clone, this was only a small node of the entire fortress's strange ritual. It should be around the level of a Quasi-Hero.The strength of a Hero was very rare in any Transcendent organization, and the Gray Believers were no exception.As night fell, the main body Aise and his doppelganger activated the powerful concealment ability of the book spirit and waited quietly on the way back from the higher-ups' secret meeting with the bald priest.The bald priest cautiously observed the surroundings. His body was slightly tensed, and he was ready to burst out at any time. Although the process of invading the fortress was very covert, several Gray Believers had already been discovered when they were collecting sacrifices. The army had already intervened in the investigation, so he had to be cautious.As soon as he stepped into the range of Aise's spell, he felt the evil intent coming at him with the wail of the soul.It turned out that the main body Aise had activated a weakened version of "Soul Burst." This was his plan. The priest of the Gray Believers probably had the ability to demonize, and it was very likely that he was immune to illusionary spells and charm spells. Therefore, he had to directly attack the priest's soul and make it suffer heavy damage.The bald priest was very sensitive. He felt that if he was entangled by the wail, he would be either dead or disabled. He quickly turned sideways and activated his demonic power. In an instant, he was half-demonized, and a pair of wings appeared on his back.The doppelganger on the other side was ready. The moment the main body released the weakened version of the curse, he activated the spell model "Advanced Magic Trick." With his mind, hand gestures, and magic rhythm, he recited in a strange tone like a poem. His hands pointed at the bald priest who was about to fly. "Strengthened: Seven Layers: Freeze: Magic Crystal Prison!"With his spell and hand gestures, magic gathered around the demonized priest, and the rune structure appeared one after another.Crack! Crack!A thick layer of irregular magic crystal with a cold aura froze the bald priest.Then the magic crystal grew and finally formed a huge ice ball!It directly trapped the demonized priest who was about to fly. The bald priest's eyes flashed with despair. His body swelled up, and he was about to self-destruct!

At this moment, the power of the cold wail invaded his body, quickly destroying his soul and weakening his soul and vitality.He became incomparably weak, struggling at death's door. He didn't even have the strength to self-destruct.Aise used "Mechanized Mind" and "Charm Monster" on the dying bald priest. Looking at the charm rune structure on the bald priest's back, Aise's lips curled up, and his eyes emitted a cold light."Another excellent experimental subject has been successfully captured!"The doppelganger drained the bald priest's blood and successfully transformed into his appearance. He returned to the ritual node first. Ace, on the other hand, brought the test subject back to the third floor of the underground magic laboratory. He imprisoned it and interrogated it.A few days later, the main body Aise buried the bald priest who was burned to ashes. He already knew everything the bald priest knew.The reason why the Gray Believers could sneak into the fortress and not be discovered by the strange objects was because of the witch's help half a year ago. It was rumored that the witch and the great leader had an affair. No one knew why they fell out, but they often cooperated.The so-called witch was a woman who sold her soul to the devil in exchange for power. They usually had terrifying power and unpredictable conspiracies, or the devil had always been weaving conspiracies.No one knew what the witch and the great leader talked about that night. They only knew that the witch's graceful figure was graceful, and the great leader's face was waxen and uncertain.A few days later, the great leader of the Gray Believers hurriedly distributed the strange powder to all the priests. He ordered all the Gray Believers who caused trouble in the north of Medemus City-state to gather, apply the powder, and sneak into the city.They successfully deceived the strange objects that identified evil in the fortress, sneaked into the Northern Fortress, and set up a strange ritual.This ritual was very complicated. The Gray Believers sabotaged the outside, but it was actually a grand ritual. Now they had come to the center of the ritual to complete the last step.According to the bald priest's estimation, the arrangements in the fortress were almost complete, and only a few key nodes were left.