Report
                            
                            Aise replied respectfully,"Great being, I have two requests.I've become a level-one life form, and I want to walk the path of the soul, but I'm afraid that I'll take the wrong path. I want to ask you, what are the traces of rules contained in the prototype of my Mental World when I was a level-one life form?I call the patterns with unique effects that can only be observed by level-one life forms as level-one runes, and those that can be observed by level-zero life forms as level-zero runes. This is my specific classification, and I want to ask you about it. "As he spoke, Aise recorded his classification of runes, examples, and the level of spells on a piece of magic paper and put it on the sacrificial magic circle."Second, I've discovered two extraordinary languages, the language of the abyss and the language of hell. This is my shallow understanding of the two languages. I want to ask you for other types of extraordinary languages."Aise put another piece of magic paper on the sacrificial magic circle and then activated it.With the fluctuation of space and the movement of the crystal-like creature, ten bowls of different types of magic food and two pieces of magic paper were summoned to the Sea of Unreality.The crystal-like creature was drooling while tasting the food, while Aise was trying his best to maintain the magic circle. After about two hours, the crystal-like creature touched its stomach, as if it hadn't had enough."The food made by this little guy is indeed worthy of the name of delicacies. When I enter the Main Material Plane, if I have the chance to meet him again, I'll eat as much as I want!"After exclaiming, the creature wiped its drool and summoned the two pieces of magic paper in front of it. It instantly understood.As the crystal-like creature's mouth opened and closed, its majestic voice went straight to Aise's heart."What a naive and interesting classification. Your so-called runes are the traces or projections of rules, and your spell models are the degradation of some complete fragments of rules.As for your request, I can satisfy you.As for the first one, it's actually very simple.Your so-called level-one spell model can't affect the choice of path. Although level-one spells are similar to level-two spells in all aspects, they are based on level-zero runes, which means that level-one spells can't affect the Secret Chamber of the Soul of a level-one life form.This kind of level zero rune couldn't be considered a path of laws. It was just a shadow. As for the secondary runes, they couldn't even be considered a shadow. These things couldn't affect the choice of a level 1 life form.

Only level 2 spell models can influence your choice of path. This is a gradual process. Once a level 2 spell model appears in your soul space, it will fix the trajectory of some rules. When you reach the peak of a level 1 life form, these rules or the trajectory of your domain will shape the embryonic form of your Spiritual World.With these, you might be able to reach level 3 even faster, but if you make the wrong choice, your path might end here. "Aise carefully listened to the dignified voice's description, and felt relieved.He could choose to combine first-circle spell models to increase his strength. As for second-circle spell models and even higher-level spell models, he could combine them when he was more prepared.At this time, the crystalline creature spat out a Dream Bubble and threw it and a large chunk of spatial solute into the summoning circle. As the circle activated, the Dream Bubble and a large chunk of spatial solute appeared in front of Aise.At the same time, the dignified voice sounded in Aise's mind."I grant you my race's extraordinary language. Consider it as an exchange for the two extraordinary languages of this world that you offered.I won't take advantage of an insect. I grant you a piece of spatial solute. This item can create an alternate dimension and nourish the embryonic form of your Spiritual World. It can make your Spiritual World bigger and contain more traces of laws.I will be going on a long journey. There is no need to call for me in the future. "Aise looked at the large chunk of spatial solute and the Dream Bubble. He touched the Dream Bubble lightly, and the extraordinary language of the crystalline creature was deeply imprinted in his mind.At this time, Aise had mastered three extraordinary languages.He sealed the large chunk of spatial solute and then sighed. "As expected of a great existence. Not only is it powerful, but it's also dignified. I really want to meet this existence. If I'm lucky enough to meet it again, I'll have to prepare a hundred dishes for it."Just as Aise was sighing, the crystalline creature was rolling around in the void of the Sea of Emptiness."I finally became a demigod. Do I really have to give up the Divine Fire and descend? I'm so sad. Boohoo …I really envy that native insect. It's just a native, but it actually walked the Spiritual Path that even the great me didn't walk. I can't hesitate anymore. If I return to the X Realm like this, I'll be laughed at by them! "The crystalline creature seemed to have made up its mind. The Eternal Divine Fire in its body flickered and finally left its body. It turned into a pure golden protective membrane, protecting the crystalline creature as it fell into the World Inner.

"So that existence is a dragon. This extraordinary language is the Dragon Language."Aise studied the Dragon Language imprint in his mind and murmured."It's not just one world. How vast is this starry sky? I'll first construct a Level One spell model to verify the dragon's words. If it works, I can increase my own strength first. "Half a year later, the highest journal of the Wizard Tower territory, Magic, published a paper that caused widespread discussion.This paper was Carloso's "Monster Cloak and Extraordinary Transfiguration." With the widespread use of transfiguration, the limitations of this spell were also discovered by the wizard apprentices.The biggest limitation was that there was a limit to the transfiguration. There was no problem in transforming into powerful monsters or beings below the level of heroes. However, once the transfiguration reached this level, the transfiguration spell would have a form but no substance.Unexpectedly, the discovery of the strange monster solved this problem."This monster was born to solve the transfiguration problem!""But it occupies the precious Tamed Monster slot. Not every wizard would choose this direction."All kinds of voices and all kinds of papers were discussed around the strange monster. In the end, the wizard apprentices unanimously agreed that this monster should be called a transfiguration monster.The Monster Cloak and transfiguration schools that revolved around transfiguration monsters began to quietly become popular in the Wizard Tower territory.This transfiguration required the devouring of a complete extraordinary creature to gain the ability to transform into it. For a time, many wizard apprentices formed teams to hunt various powerful low-level monsters in the Lar Mountains.On the other hand, Aise had also completed the systematic learning of the Dragon Language and combined several Level One spell models made of Level 0 runes.The Infernal Language was good at controlling emotions, feelings, and strict contracts. The Abyssal Language was good at destruction. The Dragon Language was very comprehensive and had many powerful magic effects.The first Level One spell Aise combined was Word of Truth. The core of this spell was a Level 0 rune simulation rune group supplemented with some rune structures extracted from three different extraordinary languages.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login