Report
                            
                            Three months later, Aise successfully appeared in the Reflection World through the Shadow Raven in his shadow. The reverse summoning circle was a success.He opened the Book of Coordinates and recorded the corresponding coordinates. These coordinates were exactly the opposite of Aise's coordinates in the World Inner. From these coordinates, Aise could tell that the Reflection World was a complete reflection of the Main Material Plane.Aise did not stay in the Reflection World for long. He kept the Magic Crystal Shield on and collected some air and soil from the Reflection World with the Hand of Spells. Then he activated the reverse summoning circle, exchanged places with the Shadow Raven, and returned to the West Tower.A few days later, Aise confirmed that the air and soil in the Reflection World contained a huge amount of deadly poison."Thank goodness I was cautious. If I was directly exposed to the Reflection World, I would have been poisoned even if I didn't die."Aise said in a low voice. He temporarily put his research on the Reflection World on hold and began to delve deeper into summoning and reverse summoning.After many attempts with the Shadow Raven, as long as the Shadow Raven with the coordinates marked by Aise was placed somewhere, Aise would be able to reach that location through reverse summoning."The summoning circle is complicated and requires a long channeling time. It has no practical value. I need to optimize it into a level 1 spell."Aise's eyes shone brightly. He could almost see himself waving his hand to disperse the Ravens, turning them into shadows and hiding in different places. Then he could appear and disappear at will through reverse summoning and reverse summoning."If I want to use the Ravens to appear and disappear at my will, I need to solve two problems. The first is telepathy with the Ravens. The second is to optimize the summoning and reverse summoning into a level 1 spell.Taming contract can achieve this effect, but an advanced apprentice can only contract one tamed demon. Once I become an official wizard, I'll see if I can contract more tamed demons. "After that, Aise devoted himself to improving the taming contract. About two months later, Aise came up with a conclusion."So the taming contract is also a way to use the truesoul! It looks like a taming contract, but it's actually a truesoul contract. Under the effect of the contract, the truesoul's one-dimensional projection forms a double helix structure. That's why telepathy can be achieved.Not only that, but the life created by the Activation Spell also had the phenomenon of entanglement with the one-dimensional projection of the creator's true spirit. This was the source of telepathy, which was also the source of the whispers.The demons in the Lar Mountain Range were extremely powerful. They could create one-dimensional projections of at least 100,000 or even a million. Therefore, they could affect the creatures in the entire Lar Mountain Range.

As for the fact that the Tamed Demon Contract can only contract one Tamed Demon, it's actually because the power of the contract can only forcibly extract a one-dimensional projection of the True Spirit. The biggest difference is whether the True Spirit can be seen or not! "Aise recorded the conclusion in his spellbook.He had invited many intermediate apprentices and advanced apprentices to conduct many comparative experiments. It had been verified that advanced apprentices and intermediate apprentices without a truesoul vision were unable to project a one-dimensional truesoul projection on their own.To Aise, finding a truesoul was very simple, but to the other advanced apprentices, they couldn't understand it at all. Even if they followed the contract, they still couldn't find their truesoul.As for the intermediate apprentices, others could find their truesoul, but they couldn't find it themselves at all.As for the Activation Spell experiment, although they could create some telepathy life under the effect of the spell, this kind of creation and one-dimensional projection of the truesoul was involuntary. They couldn't be aware of it at all, let alone control it on their own."There must be something I don't know, which makes me different from the other apprentices. What is it?"Aise thought for a long time, but he still couldn't figure it out. In the end, he temporarily gave up on this question and turned to study the specific application.Creating a one-dimensional truesoul projection was actually very simple. The shadow of the truesoul could be projected again. Aise's three truesoul shadows could independently project 21 one-dimensional truesoul projections, which meant he could contract up to 21 shadow crows at most.Aise left one behind to form a more intimate Tamed Demon Contract with the Book Spirit, and the remaining 20 one-dimensional truesoul projections were ready to contract 20 shadow crows.Aise hadn't explored the Reflection World in depth. In the reflection area of the valley, shadow crows were the most common shadow creatures. They had many groups, and their strength varied.After some observation, Aise found that the crows in the valley's reflection had different strengths and weaknesses. The level-1 shadow crows were the natural leaders of the crows. They had blood-red eyes, and Aise called them the leading shadow crows.Although Aise really wanted to capture the level-1 shadow crows, unfortunately he had just become a one-circle wizard, and he couldn't even survive in the Reflection World for a long time. It was almost impossible for him to deal with the leading shadow crows in the Reflection World.Aise's method was very practical. He contracted 20 shadow crows, which were powerful low-level magic creatures, and carried out the corresponding spell research.

About half a year later, in the 10th year of the Magic Calendar, January.It was a warm winter this year, and the whole territory of the Wizard Tower was not cold. Along the Run Guang River, a shadow crossed the majestic dam, accompanied by the faint cawing of crows.Near the forest upstream of the Run Guang River, a dark shadow suddenly stood up, then wriggled and turned into a man wearing a black robe. A six-pointed star badge was pinned on his chest, shining in the dark night.This man was the only one-circle wizard in the Wizard Tower's territory, Aise.In half a year, with the help of the Book Spirit and the rational doppelgänger, Aise had successfully developed a new one-circle spell, Shadowform.This spell used the shadow runes found in the shadowform body of the powerful low-level magic creature, the shadow crows, as the core. It also absorbed the characteristics of other shadow creatures, as well as Alex's shadowform runes to construct a one-circle spell.After casting this spell, the caster would turn into a shadow, and have the ability to quickly jump shadows, attack shadows (attacking both the soul and the body), shape shadows, and be immune to shadows.After casting this spell, the caster would turn into a shadow creature for a short time, and enter the shadow plane attached to the world, unable to be attacked by non-shadow enemies, and also unable to attack others.Once the shadow creature attacked others, it would exit the shadow plane and appear in the real world, where it could be attacked by others.After turning into a shadow creature, the caster would also have the ability to survive in the reflection world for a long time.In addition to Shadowform, Aise also integrated summoning and reverse summoning into a one-circle spell, Shadow Crow Flash.This spell was composed of two parts, the inner and outer.The inner part was the one-circle spell model from Aise's Secret Soul Space, with the runes of random coordinates, location, summoning, teleportation, and contract marks as the core.The inner part of the spell model could be used to locate the shadow crows that were connected to Aise's Soul Entanglement and telepathy according to the contract marks. On the outer part, Aise had copied the one-circle spell Summon and Teleport on every shadow crow.This internal and external combination spell could achieve rapid summoning and reverse summoning. In short, Aise could use this spell to switch positions with any shadow crow the moment the spell model was activated.Unlike a summoning magic array, as long as the array was set up and there were enough sacrifices, even interplanar teleportation was not impossible. This one-circle spell required the two parties to be no more than 500 meters apart from each other.

This was a very practical spell. With this spell, Shadowform, and Time-Limited Mirror, Aise would become very difficult to kill."It's about time. After a few more practical exercises, I should leave the territory to look for new opportunities."Under Aise's command, the shadow crows moved quickly in the darkness of the night, while Aise activated the spell model of Shadow Crow Flash from his Secret Soul Space.With the activation of the spell model, an invisible contract chain was located, and the space barrier was instantly broken. Aise felt slightly nauseous. This was the inevitable effect of Space Conversion, Aise thought.At this moment, the stomach at his waist was disturbed irregularly, as if it could not tolerate something. Like glass breaking, the expanded space in the stomach was shattered along with the Space Conversion.The positioning was interrupted, the coordinates were lost, and the effect of Space Conversion had been activated. Aise's vision turned black and he lost consciousness.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login