Report
                            
                            After seeing the true soul, Aise felt a great difference. In addition to the great improvement of his perception, his affinity with magic had also greatly improved.In other words, even the Level 0 spell advanced apprentice meditation could slowly increase his power of the will. Although it was very, very slow, it was a qualitative change from 0 to 1.In addition, he could cast spells more freely, and the power of his spells had also increased slightly."Seeing the true soul should not be a necessary feature for a Level 1 life form. Even a Level 2 life form might not necessarily have it. The extraordinary knowledge I obtained did not mention it at all. This may be widely used by Level 3 life forms and above, which is the existence of Legendary Heroes and above."After completing a Level 0 spell meditation, Aise analyzed seriously."In the World of Kaya, the Divine Heroes walk the path of the flesh. I remember King Aleas became a Golden Hero before his death. At that time, Alason mentioned that King Aleas did not have time to solidify his Heart Image into a Noble Phantasm.If the Heart Image he mentioned is the Heart World, then it is exactly the same as the extraordinary knowledge I obtained. The peak of Level 2 life form will give birth to the Heart World.The true soul will passively open up the Heart World and then hide in it. I'm afraid that under normal circumstances, only Level 3 life forms and above can see their own true soul. "This inference made Aise very excited. He felt that he might have achieved a certain feature in advance, and this feature had brought him great benefits now.First, the effect of meditation had been greatly improved. The 0-ring meditation technique was already useless in the advanced apprentice stage, but now it was effective again. If he invented a 1-ring or 2-ring meditation technique, how much more effective would the effect be?The second was the complete control of the Secret Space of the Soul. This control not only allowed him to cast spells more freely and more powerfully, but most importantly, he could absorb space solutes through the "interlayer" and greatly expand his Secret Space of the Soul.In other words, he could obtain the prototype of the Heart World when he was a Level 1 wizard, which was far broader than other life forms on the Path of the Soul. To put it more simply, he could master more Level 1 or Level 2 spells!The third was the improvement of his perception and affinity with magic. This improvement was nothing compared to the first two, but it was still a great benefit.Magic affinity could be described as a wizard talent, which meant that Aise's wizard talent had reached an extremely rare state.

This series of gains was all thanks to the Believers of Pain who invaded the territory and the Blessed Light Ball of the Son of the Sea.While Aise was grateful to them, he was also certain that demigods and above would have a deep understanding of True Spirits and would be able to use them skillfully."The discovery and insight of the True Spirit makes me a little puzzled about the Projection Ritual. Is there a True Spirit in the projection? Or is it a substitute for the true spirit? "Aise did not wait. He had a new idea about the Projection Ritual and immediately put it into practice.In the ritual room, Aise drew a composite projection magic circle. He was not in a hurry to experiment with it himself. Instead, he used the Thunder Monkey, a powerful low-level monster, to project the magic circle.After setting up the sacrificial items, Aise activated the composite magic array.This was a backward projection ritual. Aise's newest method of projection was to continuously collect thoughts to form a body of thoughts, and then use the ritual to form a projection. He had been collecting thoughts for more than a year, and the body of thoughts was about to be formed.The soul of the Thunder Monkey was pulled out and cut by the sharp blade formed by the Contract Balance. Some soul matter flowed out and finally formed a projection.Aise used a magic microscope to carefully compare the original and the projection. In the end, he found that the projection formed by the Projection Ritual did not have the same True Spirit. Instead, it was replaced by the Shadow of the True Spirit."The so-called Shadow of the True Spirit is literally what it means. The True Spirit is a three-dimensional existence in the spiritual vision. It has three dimensions: length, width, and height. The Shadow of the True Spirit only has two dimensions: length and width. It is a true two-dimensional existence.This explains why the projection cannot survive after the death of the original. The projected True Spirit is only the Shadow of the True Spirit. If the True Spirit returns to the Wall of Sighs or disappears, the Shadow of the True Spirit will not exist. "After understanding the nature of the Projection Ritual, Aise had a new inference."During the Level-0 life, the existence of the True Spirit is not obvious enough, so it can only form one Shadow of the True Spirit. But after being promoted to Level-1 life, the presence of the True Spirit will be greatly enhanced. Theoretically, I may form more than one Shadow of the True Spirit. "Some things were like this. Before they were exposed, they would be very mysterious. Once exposed, they would be very simple.Before seeing the True Spirit, although Aise could use the Projection Ritual to form the projection, he only knew how and did not know why. But after seeing the True Spirit, everything was as clear as the lines in his palm.

Aise locked up the Thunder Monkey's projection and the Thunder Monkey. Then, he closed his eyes and meditated in the Projection Lab. His spirit entered the Secret Chamber of Soul and slowly led the True Spirit hidden in the "mezzanine" of chaos into the Secret Chamber of Soul.The entire Secret Chamber of Soul was joyous. Aise's spirit merged with the Giant of the True Spirit. The Giant of the True Spirit opened its eyes.Along with the rhythm of the magic power, the "mezzanine" of chaos slowly glowed. It became brighter and brighter, and finally became a dazzling light red.The light shone on the True Spirit. Two two-dimensional Shadows of the True Spirit gradually appeared. As time passed, one shadow solidified, while the other remained illusory.Aise communicated with the solidified Shadow of the True Spirit. He almost instantly grasped everything about the Shadow of the True Spirit. There was no need for any contract. A low-dimensional existence like the Shadow of the True Spirit could not go against a high-level existence like the True Spirit.When he truly understood the secrets of the True Spirit, just the natural difference in dimensions was enough to perfectly control the Shadow of the True Spirit.Aise cast the Shadow of the True Spirit into his incomplete consciousness. In an instant, a doppelganger was formed. With the injection of magic power, this doppelganger formed a perfect doppelganger according to the will of Aise's True Spirit."There's no need for complicated rituals. There's not even a need for sacrifices. There's also no connection with the Abyss. After understanding the true form of the projection, it's actually so simple. "Aise said as he inspected the doppelganger. There was no need to open the Secret Chamber of Soul again. This doppelganger naturally duplicated everything about Aise. It was just that its spirit was only one-tenth of Aise's."If my spirit scale is above 100, I guess I can directly project a doppelganger that has reached level one."He sighed as he studied the other illusory figure of the True Spirit.In the Secret Chamber of Soul, the True Spirit Aise opened its eyes. It looked at the two Shadows of the True Spirit under its feet in surprise. It subconsciously contacted one of them.* Buzz! *The frequency of the True Spirit vibrated. It almost instantly crossed several space barriers from the Inner World to the Sea of Emptiness outside the world. Aise instantly discovered the Wizard hidden in the sea of consciousness.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login