Report
                            
                            The night of early winter was especially cold. There was no wind tonight, and only a few snowflakes fell from the sky, covering the dark Luminous City with a layer of white gauze.Outside the city, dark shadows were howling. More and more of them were gathering in the dark. The entire Lar Mountain Range seemed to be filled with a layer of light black fog. The dark shadows seemed to have smelled the scent of humans in Luminous City. They revealed their fierce red eyes and roared as they rushed towards Luminous City.On the city wall of Luminous City, all the residents of Luminous City were mobilized. More than 7,000 rifled flintlocks and nearly 300 rifled cannons armed the residents of Luminous City, giving them the courage and confidence to fight.The bloody black fog spread into the city, but it could not harm the residents. Every one of them was blocked by the secondary spirit seal spell. Even if there was a flash of red light in their eyes, it would be caressed by the heart force of the runes behind their heads. With a flash of golden or silver light, they would regain their consciousness.Aise carefully collected some of the black fog and stored it in a magic lead sealing tool."These are all rare experimental materials. I can use them to compare with the land and air projected by the abyss to verify my judgment."Aise thought to himself as he collected the black fog.Carlo stroked his beard and stared at the countless pairs of red eyes in the dark shadows. He spat out a mouthful of saliva and yelled at his own militia."Don't rush. Close the distance and then shoot. Keep your eyes on the flashing lines outside the city. Those are the distance lines set by the wizards. One yellow line is 50 meters. Two yellow lines are 100 meters. Three yellow lines are 150 meters. Four yellow lines are 200 meters. Shoot when you're 150 meters away. Don't miss! "Not far away, three artillerymen were operating the rifled cannons and making the final preparations. These powerful cannons had an effective aiming range of nearly 1,000 meters. Even powerful low-level demons could be killed in one shot.They were not in a hurry. It seemed like they were waiting for something.At this time, 40 apprentice wizards raised their hands in the air. Spell models appeared in their hands, and a strong light began to appear in their hands.Along with the activation of the spell model and the rhythm of magic power, the bright balls of light in their hands instantly shot out.Above the flickering shadows, a bright light blossomed. The people on the city wall instantly saw it clearly. Thousands of different kinds of demons were roaring and rushing towards the Luminous City. Most of the demons were coming from the west. It should be the demon riot in the Lar Mountain Range.

"Test fire!"With a loud bang, a rifled cannon roared and fired a shell. The shell spiraled out of the cannon and rushed into the crowd of monsters in a straight line.The cannonballs were like plows, plowing a trail of blood through the crowd of monsters. Dozens of low-level monsters were instantly killed.The demonic creatures were not frightened. Instead, they became even more ferocious as they roared and charged towards the Luminous City.A series of cannons whistled as the demons were bombarded by 300 cannons. For a time, the demons suffered heavy casualties. The remaining demons ran to the edge of the Luminous City and were easily defeated by the flintlock soldiers.Cheers began to erupt from the city. Everyone jumped up and hugged each other. They couldn't believe that they had won so easily."The so-called demon wave is nothing more than this!" Carloso said to Lou Xilu, who was beside him, as he relaxed."Legend has it that the night of the waning moon is very dangerous. Is it because Master Aise is too well-prepared?" Lou Xilu asked doubtfully.Just when the people on the city wall relaxed their vigilance, Aise activated his ultrasonic search perception and scanned the situation within five kilometers. His face was extremely ugly.One after another, the wizard apprentices felt that their magic books were boiling hot. When they saw the information on the last page, their faces changed greatly."Everyone, be alert! Flintlock soldiers and cannoneers, load the ammunition immediately! ""Third, fifth, and seventh militia groups, all of you, aim at the sky!""Wizard apprentices, prepare for battle. Focus on the enemies in the sky."As Bayern, Dana, and Betty were giving instructions, more flickering shadows appeared from the horizon and the sky.Aise and his mirror image looked at each other and nodded slowly.The roar of flintlocks, cannons, and choking smoke burned the entire Luminous City. Tens of thousands of Lar bats, blood crows, and all kinds of flying demons rushed towards the city wall from the sky."Aim at the demons on the ground. Leave the demons in the sky to our comrades and Master Wizards!" Carloso yelled at his own militia group and pulled the trigger fiercely.The wizard apprentices all cast the spells they were good at and attacked the sky.Betty shouted and stretched out her hands. She stretched out her five fingers and pointed at the demons in the sky.Clang!One, two, three … Nearly a hundred secondary spell models appeared. Beads of sweat rolled down Betty's cheeks, hands, and shoulders. A trace of exhaustion flashed across her pretty little face. She unconsciously bit her thin lips hard, and a trace of blood flowed out.

The nearly a hundred lesser spell models in front of her gathered together under her extreme control, forming a compound, super-large spell model!"Multiple — Continuous Fire Missile!"Along with Betty's roar, the composite super-planar spell model was like a turret, pouring hundreds of secondary incendiary missiles into the sky. After the missiles reached a certain position in the sky, they scattered and shot in all directions, constantly killing and injuring flying daemons.The other sorcerer-apprentices also cast their own spells. Lou Xilu threw several head-sized bags of black gunpowder into the sky. Both of his hands extended upwards, and a secondary spell model was quickly assembled and activated. It was his improved fire spell, "Smelting Torrent".Together with the black gunpowder as the casting material, it formed a large fan-shaped explosion of flames. The fan-shaped attack covered a cone shape with a maximum length of 30 meters. In an instant, a large number of blood crows were burned into charcoal.Even though the wizard apprentices fought with all their strength, there were still some flying demons that escaped the net and pounced on the city wall, causing some casualties.Seeing this, Aise did not wait any longer. He activated "Instant Flash" and flew into the air. Then, he activated "Advanced Magic Trick" and "Magic Crystal Protective Membrane" and chanted in a strange tone, "Lithe — Floating — Magic Crystal Wings!"Magic crystal wings quickly formed behind Aise's back and he floated in the air. He looked at the large number of flying demons without any fear in his eyes. Instead, he was eager to try.Aise observed the position and used insight to observe the internal structure of the demons' bodies, especially the slight vibration of their internal organs.He calculated the direction and distance, then flew up for a while. Standing in the air above the flying demons, he activated a new spell formed by the sound runes in his soul space. "Biological Infrasound Resonance!"Along with the spell, he opened his mouth wide. Layers of spell model structures appeared in the middle of his mouth. The infrasound that could not be heard by the human ear quickly spread. The flying demons that were affected by it spasmed all over, and their internal organs were violently displaced and deformed.Bang!In an instant, the flesh of a red-eyed eagle exploded from the inside out and directly fell from the sky in the midst of the resonance.This was like the first domino that was pushed down. More and more flying demons suffered serious internal injuries and even exploded. They lost their ability to fight and fell from the sky with a whoosh."Lord Firebringer!""Lord Firebringer!"As the flying monsters fell like rain, Ace, who was in the sky, heard the cheers on the city wall, and a smile appeared on his face.

At this moment, heavy footsteps came from the direction of the Lar Mountains in the west!
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login