Report
                            
                            Dana looked at Aise who was deep in thought and smiled with admiration. Her fluffy flaxen hair was tied up, and her bright black eyes looked at Aise with infatuation. The unique fragrance of a young girl was faintly floating in the air.It was already very happy to be able to stay by Teacher Aise's side like this. Dana looked at Aise who was chewing the barbecue dumbly and showed a big smile.This group of new wizard apprentices, under the leadership of Firebringer Aise, had finally reached the end of the difficult migration road. A new future was not far away.The border between the Northern Region and the Royal City was now the boundary between the Abyss Projection and the normal world. Princess Athena, the great hero Arnaud, and Dickens who had a servant type Noble Phantasm led 15,000 people and arrived there.These 15,000 people were the last military force of the City State of Medemus. The giant lion manifested by the hypostasis also followed them and protected them. This was a battle that would determine the fate of the City State.If they failed, if the Goddess of Elegance and Pontos failed, the Abyss Demons would go all the way south under the leadership of the Abyss Lord Drucker Bach and transform the whole of South Sallia into the Abyss Projection!Not far away, the leader of the Gray Believers, Alex Rona, had already brought a large number of demons and waited there. He was bestowed by the Abyss Lord Drucker Bach, the Lord of Gray, and transformed into a real Great Demon.A Great Demon was equivalent to the level of a Great Hero. Above it was the High Demon, which was the same as the Legendary Hero. Above it was the Demon Lord, whose strength was comparable to a Demigod.The so-called Abyss Lord, such as the Lord of Gray, was a powerful Demon Lord who had an Abyss Virtual Divinity and clergy. His strength was between an ordinary God and an ordinary Main God.Although Alex had transformed into a Great Demon, he retained the basic human form, but there was an extra Great Demon horn on his head and a pair of huge bat-like wings on his back. A dark shadow followed him, and his whole body was emitting shadows and ominous.His strength was already at the peak of a Great Demon. As long as the Abyss Projection was stable, he could automatically evolve into a High Demon.Even an expert like him didn't dare to stay in an abyss lair for too long, much less get too close to an abyss monarch.The Abyss Lord had a natural, formless whisper, and the corrosive power of chaos. If one stayed for too long, they would become a minion of the Abyss Lord and lose their sense of self."Master's power is too great. Even if it's just a projection, limited by the agreement between the gods and the Originator, it's difficult for it to cross the barrier completely. We have to delay the army of the City-state of Medemus and buy enough time for the Grand Lord!

As long as the nest is completed, Master's projection will be able to break through the wall and come here. We will then take over Salia! "Alex's eyes were burning. That was his desire and pursuit for power, status, and strength. Behind him, several Great Demons, hundreds of ordinary Demons, and almost ten thousand Little Demons were gathering.At the base of the City-state Abyss Crusade Legion, Athena, Arnaud, and Dickens were discussing strategy in the military commander's tent."We can't delay, we have to march immediately! The complete descent of the Abyss Lord needs time. Before it fully descends, it will be immobile and will be the target of the goddess! "Arnaud de Byrne understood the rules of the abyss projection very well. The inner side of the world itself hated the abyss. If the creatures of the abyss wanted to cross the inner wall, they would have to pay an extra price. This gave them an opportunity."You're right. But teacher, that evil and ominous thing is approaching. If we don't defeat it, the power of the abyss will directly invade the Royal City!"Dickens bowed to Arnaud de Byrne and said."Then why don't we split up! To deal with the Abyss Lord, we still have to rely on the power of the ancestral gods and His Holiness Pontos. You two stay and organize the army to stop the invasion of the Demons.I'll go straight to the Abyss Lair in the Northern Fortress alone! "Athena's ruby red eyes were shining. She was wearing a skirt armor condensed by divine power. Her sky-blue hair was tied up and she wore a shiny divine power helmet."I'm not worried about Your Highness' strength, but you lack experience after all. You need some people to follow you."Arnaud de Byrne was bare-chested and wore red underpants. He pulled off his black cloak and said."Your Highness, let me follow you. I came back from the Northern Fortress and am familiar with the terrain and route. Also, I have the Tribute of Frost. I won't be a burden to you. "Dickens held the ice crystal dagger and said."No need. The more people there are, the easier it is to be exposed. You two stay here. I have the goddess' guidance and will be the fastest to arrive. Dickens, lend me the Tribute of Frost. "Athena's eyes began to flicker with a pale gold color as she said to the two.

"It's my honor, Your Highness."After hearing this, Dickens didn't hesitate. He respectfully raised the Tribute of Frost with both hands and knelt on one knee to offer it to Athena.The ice crystal dagger shone brightly. Golden-eyed Athena held the dagger in her hand. Her eyes shone brightly. A ray of divine power shot out from her eyes and shone on the ice crystal dagger.She held the dagger and elegantly drew an arc. Shing!Accompanied by the sound of metal and stone, the dagger shrouded in divine power threw out the divine power and the ice crystal together. In just a few seconds, an ice crystal sculpture identical to Athena appeared.Golden-eyed Athena returned the ice crystal dagger to Dickens and gently stroked the ice crystal sculpture with her white hand. Accompanied by divine power, the entire sculpture became identical to Athena and "came to life".The ice crystal Athena moved her wrists and ankles. Her expression was slightly stiff."Dickens," Golden-eyed Athena said with an elegant and majestic voice, "You use the ice crystal dagger to control the divine puppet and confuse the enemy. It has a divine imprint, so the devil on the opposite side can't tell the real one from the fake. You don't have to eliminate the enemy, just contain them! "Arnaud de Byrne and Dickens looked at Golden-eyed Athena and felt the divine power. They solemnly bowed and said, "We obey your will!"At night, Athena turned into an elegant wind and quietly left the base of the Abyss Crusade Legion under the cover of the night.Dickens controlled the ice crystal Athena to patrol the base. A few beholder demons were peeping from a distance. After Dickens and Arnaud de Byrne discovered it, they controlled the ice crystal Athena and deliberately walked to the place where the beholder demons could see.In the devil gathering place, Alex was hugging a few shadow succubi and sitting on a high white bone throne.He was actually very worried. Although the projection of the goddess couldn't appear all the time, there were some restrictions like the Abyss Monarch.But as long as it appeared once, he might lose his life. Even if he was reborn in the shadow of the Abyss Monarch, what was the difference between him and the dark figure behind him at that time?