Report
                            
                            Late at night, Aise's residence, the largest mud hut in the Spire's territory.Under the cold light of the controllable light orb, Ace stood under it, the ahoge on top of his head swaying violently. Arnold was not far away from him, exhausting all of his mental and physical strength.Aise used the soul spell 'Insight Perception', and with the book spirit's ability to understand the unknown and deduce, he had roughly recorded the complex runes flickering around Arnaud's heart."Huff!"Arnold, who was almost out of strength, lay on the ground, panting heavily.Aise tried to use his mental power to draw the strange and complex runes in the air, but every time he was about to complete, the runes would mysteriously collapse, as if something crucial was missing."What is it?"Aise muttered to himself as he walked around the room.Thud. As if stepping on something soft, Aise subconsciously stepped on it again.Arnaud let out a muffled groan. It turned out that his hand had been stepped on by Aise.Aise raised his foot and squatted down to look at Arnaud, who was lying on the ground, and asked in a emotionless voice, "What do you think is the most important element that makes up the runes in your heart?"Arnaud took advantage of the moment when Aise raised his foot and pulled his hand back. He panted heavily and said intermittently, "My … courage … is the most important …"Aise stood up after hearing that and muttered, "Courage? In other words, the so-called creed. Can it be understood as a type of willpower? "He then looked down at Arnaud and pulled Arnaud up. "You've worked hard. I'll have my assistant send you back to rest."As he spoke, he lifted the powerless Arnaud up and handed him to his mirror image.After sending off Arnaud, Aise continued to ponder. "Heartforce is formed from the will of creeds and inherent mana," he muttered. "Perhaps I could try to hypnotize myself and form a spiritual will similar to the Creed of Courage, and then combine it with my own inherent mana."Thinking of this, Aise immediately relaxed his body and mind. He closed his eyes and used the soul spell "Suggestion" to hypnotize himself.After a long time, he opened his eyes. They were filled with fiery emotions, similar to the courage he felt from Arnaud's heartforce.Aise sensed his own power of the Will and found that it had a little golden luster. He opened the fifth page of his magic book and recorded in his magic diary."Every kind of virtue emotion, if it can penetrate deep into the mind and achieve resonance, will produce strange changes. The most typical phenomenon is the coloring of the mind."

He controlled this spiritual power and slowly separated a small piece. This ball of spiritual power emitted a soft golden luster, fluctuating like breathing, giving people a very strong sense of warmth.Aise separated a piece of inherent mana and slowly approached this ball of spiritual power. Under his control, the two began to merge. Hum!As if some kind of mechanism had been opened, some strange supernatural power similar to heartforce was about to be born. Bang!The power turned into bubbles and disappeared without a trace. He failed!Days passed. Aise continued his experiments. Through constant trial and error and simulating knight cultivation, he finally created a unique spiritual power similar to the Creed of Knights. Aise called it the Pseudo Courage Will.Emitting a golden luster, the Pseudo Courage Will rolled in the air like waves. As soon as Aise injected his inherent mana, it immediately reacted violently!The golden light flourished, and the supernatural power similar to heartforce appeared. This power was similar to heartforce in all aspects, but its root was still mana. It could only be called a pseudo heartforce, not a real heartforce.The ahoge on top of Aise's head began to sway. The strange rune shadow copied from Arnaud appeared in front of him.He controlled the Pseudo Courage Will and outlined this strange rune bit by bit. As the rune was completed, he seemed to hear a shout. He felt his heart surge, as if he had endless courage!Aise looked at this rune and tried to copy it into the Secret Chamber of Souls. He found that it could not enter the Secret Chamber of Souls. No matter what Aise did, this strange rune refused to enter the Secret Chamber of Souls.Aise tried to combine the basic soul runes with this rune, but it still failed. This rune seemed to be self-contained. It did not need the help of other runes and had its own set of rules.Aise looked at this rune floating in the air, sometimes disappearing and sometimes appearing. It seemed to be on the border between what was visible and what was invisible. This made Aise think of the Sea of Illusory and Corporeal. Is this a common characteristic? Aise thought to himself.Aise did not dare to put this rune directly close to his heart. He did not know what would happen if his heart was modified into something similar to a knight's heart.Knights could not directly affect magic power, and the spells they could use were very limited.Recently, the apprentices had captured many monsters and locked them up near the magic school. Aise decided to experiment with them first. He went straight to the construction site and used a magic crystal to shape a rope and dragged away a monkey-shaped monster.

In his residence, Aise pushed the dim rune towards the monster's heart. The dim rune was like a shark that smelled blood. It suddenly drilled into the monster's heart and merged with it.Under Aise's observation, the monster's heart was changing rapidly. In just a few seconds, it turned into a golden heart.This golden heart repelled the monster's magic power and drove it away. The monster struggled in pain and finally turned into a pool of blood with a bang. Other than the beating golden heart, nothing was left.Aise looked at the pool of blood with some fear. If he had not been careful and directly stuffed this rune into his heart, he would have ended up like this.In the next few days, Aise experimented with a few more monsters. They all had similar results. After beating for a few days, the golden heart gradually shrank. In the end, the golden color disappeared and it turned into a dry yellow heart.After many experiments with monsters, Aise took the experiment one step further. He murmured, "It's necessary to test it on humans. The slaves in the territory are just the right test subjects."He randomly selected six strong men from the slaves and used Secondary Permanent Spirit Blessings on three of them. Two of them had their spiritual power overclocked, while the other one did not.Aise then used Secondary Permanent Spirit Blessings on the other three people. Still, no one had overclocked their spiritual power. He then selected a few more slaves and finally gathered three overclockers.Through Spiritual Resonance, he forcibly raised their spiritual power to 1 unit and let them meditate for a week. Then, he selected three ordinary mortal slaves and began a comparison experiment.