Chapter 281 A Place Full Of Treasure
After arriving in the Demonic Faction, Raze had headed straight for the city of Reptum. He got a few stares here and there due to the black robe that he was wearing. However, it wasn't just him, as there were quite a few others in the city wearing them as well.
Raze remembered that the Dark Faction founder apparently was seen in such clothing, which was why one would spot the general public wearing them once in a while. On top of that, there were always just those who generally liked to hide themselves.
However, judging by the number of people he went past that were wearing the same type of robe as him, he could see it had significantly increased.
'Has the fashion changed in this world now?' Raze thought to himself. 'It was quite obvious telling the difference between mages and Pagna warriors due to their clothing. That was how I noticed those guys from before were completely different, but if people start wearing the same clothing, it's going to get a bit harder.'
There was one saving grace, and that was Safa's god eyes, that could tell if a person had a magic core or not, and he would need to use her wisely when he could.
In the city of Reptum, Raze wanted to get to work. He needed to gather more power stones and the general appliances to create a new batch of crystals he could then deliver to Fixteen.
Technically, they thought that the Dark Magus would make them while he was away and deliver them once in a while to the group.
However, things were complicated on Raze's end, and thankfully due to observing Reno from the Crimson Crane, Raze was able to come up with a mass-producing technique which allowed him to create them on the go, with one spell.
As for the meeting place, it was the familiar red-roofed restaurant. Entering, Raze went and sat down on the bottom floor that was filled with square tables, and the area was busy as it usually would be.
Raze ordered nothing and just sat there in the corner for a while, that was until a somewhat scrawny man walked over and sat on the opposite side.
"I don't know if you're trying to be completely invisible or you're trying to stand out," Fixteen commented. "I mean, the fact that you order absolutely nothing and came to a place like this on your own. If you had been here a while, I'm sure the owner would have asked to kick you out of the place."
"Well, it all worked out in the end, right?" Raze replied. He was hoping that the other would be able to spot him, and his plan worked, there was no need to get worked up on the if's that could have happened when it didn't.
"I thought Dame might be with you; is everything okay?" Fixteen asked. It was expected for a friend who cared a lot about Dame.
"He is doing well and is continuing to help me," Raze replied. "Today, we were meant to meet due to a delivery, but we were unable to get the items on our end."
Fixteen raised his hand, gesturing Raze to stop speaking. "Say no more. I will have level 1 and 2 power stones ready for you, as well as the raw materials. I will let you do your thing. There is no rush; things are going well, really well, in fact."
A small bag was slid over the table. Raze looked to open it, and thought it was fewer coins than he expected, judging by the weight.
'Did they just manage to make a few silvers? I guess they have been selling them cheap to try and get the name out there.'
Opening the bag though, there weren't silver coins; instead, there were gold coins, and from the looks of things, there were at least 20 of them. Before Raze had managed to sell one of the Qi pills to Alter for 10 silvers.
1 gold coin was the equivalent of 25 silvers. Raze expected the price to drop once there were more of them on the market, but that didn't seem to be the case at all.
"We actually still have more to sell," Fixteen winked. "We're kind of keeping the supply limited at the moment to keep the price high, which is why we're in no rush for this type of thing. Also, that's your cut, by the way, after everything is deducted, including our fees for keeping this under wraps."
Raze understood, and he could never imagine these people trying to backstab Dame. However, he would have still liked to keep a closer eye on the whole operation because right now, he was just trusting them blindly, but there wasn't much choice in the matter.
"If you stay at the same inn as you did last time, we'll have the materials delivered to you then. When the sun sets, I will come to this red-roofed restaurant for 2 hours. If you aren't present, then I will leave," Fixteen explained.
"Don't worry too much," Raze replied. "After you deliver the items, I should be able to get you your Qi pills back the same day. However, is there something else you can do with this money?" The bag of gold coins was held up.
"I want you to look into getting better items for me. I know you said there is the auction house, but I was wondering if you could search for an auction house that has even better items than that, and in particular, I'm looking for a robe."
Raze didn't have the time to go to each auction house in every city in search of items that had great magic affinity. However, based on his results at the last auction house, if he bought up what Pagna deemed special robes, then maybe he would find one that would work well, and once he reached the fourth star in his magic core, he could enchant it with an even better enchantment.
His fight with the mages from before had somewhat reminded him of that. He did think of taking one of their robes for himself for a moment, but the idea of wearing something that was created by Idore sent a shiver down his spine.
"Your request might be more difficult than you think," Fixteen answered. "You see, clans already have a number of means to make income, other than just selling items at the auction house.
"So in a way, the things that end up at the auction house are leftovers that next to no one really wants. Or something the clan already has an oversupply of in the first place."
"So you're saying the best items are kept by the clans themselves," Raze answered.
"Correct. Although I can still do as you request, 1 gold coin would be enough to buy some robes nobody was looking for at the auction house. Items that you are looking for would be with the clans already."
The Demonic Faction was still the best place to look for these items that he needed, since he had no doubt Alter would be keeping track of all the auction houses outside of the Demonic Faction.
Unless he stumbled across a Pagna warrior who happened to keep a special robe. Maybe in treasury of sorts but not carrying one around with them.
'Wait, there is a place where I can get enchanted items, and strong ones as well!' Raze's eyes lit up, wondering why he didn't think of this before. 'My robe was able to transmit items. I know this because I was able to hand Qi pills to them, so I should be able to also take things back to Pagna.
'If I head to Alterian, I can go back to my secret storage where all my old items were kept!'



Chapter 282 The Perfect Enchantment
The Dark Magus hadn't said a word for a while, and although Fixteen was unable to see his eyes or nose clearly due to the strange effect of the robe he was wearing, he could see quite a deep smile on his face.
The news he had given him, he thought it was bad news, so he wondered why he would be so pleased. Instead, he decided to just shrug his shoulders and move on.
"There is something else I need to tell you," Fixteen added. "The Crimson Crane, they are looking for you. They said that a member of theirs is waiting for you at the pill refining facility here in Repton. So you might take longer than you think on those pills."
With that said, Fixteen was finished with his business with the Dark Magus for the time being, but just as he was about to leave the table, he turned around.
"Look after Dame. The Demonic Faction was a dangerous place for him to be in, but forgive me for saying this, but I fear him being with you might end up even more dangerous."
Raze didn't give a reply and instead watched as Fixteen walked off. As for the reason he didn't answer, it was because he thought it very well could be true.
Leaving the restaurant, Raze thought he would drop by the pill refining facility to see what exactly the Crimson Crane wanted with him before he did anything else. After all, for his plan, he still needed them. So he had to stay on good terms.
When he arrived, he soon headed inside the large metal shack, where hammering away, furnaces boiling, as well as a number of other things could all be heard going on inside the place.
Waiting on the inside was a person Raze had become quite familiar with. His dark eyes, that gave him the appearance of a stood out to him.
"Ah, it's nice to meet you again," Reno said as he gave a small bow, but he wasn't standing alone. By his side was a man with wild hair and a scar on his face, and a large long sword on his back.
If Raze remembered correctly when he was introduced to the members, this person was known as Kizer.
Reno had invited Raze into his rented room, and just like before, it was filled with all types of different plants. There was next to no room for the three of them to stand in, and even while talking, it appeared as if Reno was working on something.
"Alba informed the two of us to stay here just in case you returned. Since there isn't really a good way for us to stay in contact," Reno explained. "One of us had to volunteer, and since I am not as energetic as the others in getting achievements, I didn't mind staying."
Although Raze could see that being the case for Reno, from image alone, he didn't imagine it was the same for Kizer, who was by his side.
"I guess you're wondering why Kizer is by my side," Reno said, continuing his work. He started to work away with a special type of round grinder tool. It was something made out of stone with a fat blunt end at the end.
He would mainly use it to grind down the plants into a paste as well as other ingredients. This was known as a mortar, and the tool being used was a pestle.
There was a reason why Raze liked Reno because he didn't need to speak as much, since he already had an idea of what he was thinking.
"I think you remember, for us to fulfill your requests, we had made a deal. That you would create an item for each member of the group, as long as they brought the raw materials. Well, Alba wished for the first member to be Kizer.
"He is one of the brute attackers of our group and is mostly on the front lines in fights. He is not quite a tank, but is a part where the group is lacking in power, which is why she wishes for you to create a weapon for him first."
Raze looked at Kizer and back at Reno for a while and eventually answered. "No."
"What!" Kizer shouted back, nearly drawing his sword immediately. "This was an order from the clan head. Why would you outright refuse it? Are you trying to go back on our deal?"
Reno quickly stretched out his hand, stopping Kizer from getting closer.
"I'm sure you can elaborate, right?" Reno asked with a nervous smile, hoping it wasn't something petty.
"I am happy to stick to the deal and create items for the Crimson Crane, but in particular, I wish for the first item that I create to be for you."
At that moment, Reno stopped using the pestle to grind his ingredients.
"Me?" He pointed at himself. "But I am more of a member that supports the group."
"You have helped me in more ways than you can count. The deal was to create items for the group, not to do so in a particular order, and I wish to return the favor to you first. This is something that I will be stubborn about. Once I am done with your item, I will be happy to create an item for Kizer."
Hearing this, Kizer did calm down a little, he was still frustrated; anyone could see this by the red on his face, but he also knew how valuable Alba thought the Dark Magus was.
"Alright, but I'm not really sure about an item. I don't even use items in fights that much. Do you have an idea of what I could use?" Reno asked.
Raze looked at Reno and remembered how he thought, and started to look at the room and remembered something. Items weren't just tools that could be used for fighting; there were other ways as well.
"That thing in your hand, how many of them do you have?" Raze asked.
"These, I have plenty of them, and they're not expensive to come by," Reno answered.
"Great, then get me as many of them as you can, and as many tier 3 crystals as you want. I will create you an item that you won't regret!" Raze smiled.
Raze had a plan; he truly did want to help Reno, and in this situation, the Crimson Crane growing was his own strength as well. So he had a plan.
Level 3 power stones and him being a 3-star mage meant he could only perform enchantments that would come out around the Rare ranking. At least this was the case 90 percent of the time.
 For the ten percent, an item could come out to be a lower ranking or an even higher ranking, bringing it to the Elite or Unique Grade.
However, these chances were incredibly low. Still, Raze could use his dark magic to guarantee an enchantment that would reach the Elite Grade, but if he continued and hoped for that 10 percent, then he could create an item at the Unique Grade without having to be a 5-star Mage.
It was a cheat that only he could do, but it needed a bit of luck. Of course, there was also one more outcome that could occur, the item becoming sealed, giving it a random chance to become an even higher grade than that.
However, it would have to be several trials and errors for it to work out.
"As long as you have a lot of crystals, I can make this work," Raze smiled.
As for all the failed items he would create that didn't reach the level he was hoping for, perhaps he could sell them to other alchemists, allowing his fortune to grow even bigger.
'This is a good way to get grade three crystal items without having to purchase or earn them myself,' Raze thought.
Level 3 power stones were a rarity at the auction, so clans needed to head to other dimensions and defeat beasts to obtain them. Now he had a way of getting their worth from the Crimson Crane through making these items.
Seeking them at the auction, he would build a bigger fortune, all with the guise of helping out the Crimson Crane.
At the same time, currently in Repton city, the members of the biggest Clan in the Demonic Faction had been given an order. It was to find all members of the Crimson Crane and get the whereabouts of the Dark Magus through any means necessary.



Chapter 283 Creating The Perfect Enchantment
Upon further observation, Raze assumed that Reno was an alchemist, but after seeing his powers and having come to his place of work a second time, he realized that it wasn't the case. An alchemist was either a single individual or a group of people that large clans would have.
They would supply the clan with the best type of Qi pills as well as medical herbs and more, all for the sake of improving the clan's condition. In some cases, they also worked with the physicians, helping them create the right combination of things to progress healing.
They were an important and essential part of large clans. Some of them knew how important their position was, and rather than work for an individual clan, worked on a for-hire basis or with merchants, creating a market of sorts.
These individuals were seen as part of Pagna, and at the same time not quite part of Pagna warriors since their cultivation in terms of strength wasn't usually so high, although there were exceptions.
Since they worked mostly with Pagna warriors and within clans, some would also pursue the world of martial arts. But this was more of a safety measure.
However, what Reno was, he was a poison arts user. One of the arts that very few people delved into, since those that practiced the art had their fair share of deaths. It was easy to make mistakes when it came to tools as powerful as poison.
Not only that, but it was a difficult path for many to take due to the requirements that were needed as well. For instance, for one to constantly improve their art, they would have to go on the search for deadly poisons across the continent, making their own special herbs and Qi pills in order to increase their cultivation power.
Consuming these poisons allowed the body to create antibodies as well as producing the same powerful type of poison back was part of the art. Learning all of this, Raze was just gaining more respect for Reno, for not having taken an easy path, and based on how hard he worked each time he saw him, as well as his dark black eyes, one could tell he was fully involved in his path.
Helping him out they had hired a room for the Dark Magus to work in. It was in the large metal warehouse-like building that was full of multiple rooms where alchemists and those similar worked.
It was all covered by Reno, of course, and the room appeared larger than the one that the Crimson Crane member would work in. It was the same size, but with it being barren of plants and equipment, he could see everything clearly in the room.
There was a large furnace, boiling pots, as well as shelf space and a large center table in the middle as well. The entire area was cleared. What was most important for Raze was the open space between the center piece and the furnace; it was large enough for him to draw several circle formations on the ground, which is what he would be needing to do.
After inspecting the room, it wasn't long before Reno knocked on the metallic door and pushed it open. Both him and Kizen entered the room pushing two large wooden wagons that had containers on them.
They took them to the side, parking them up, and then slid the top of the lid off. "This right here should be everything that you need," Reno commented.
Taking a peek, Raze could see it; the crate was full of level 3 power stones. From the bottom to the top, there had to be at least fifty power stones in there.
'This is all of just his collection of power stones? Is this all that he gathered over the years of being a warrior? I can't imagine how many large and high numbers of power stones the Crimson Crane have as a whole,' Raze started to think.
'I would be able to consume these, or attempt to combine them and make higher-level power stones to try and increase my magic. This is a gold mine!'
Raze was getting excited, but he quickly threw away the thought. He was already going to get a lot out of this exchange, and a promise was a promise. He would take this seriously.
As for the other crate, it was filled with pestle grinders that could be used to enchant the object, and they were the best one could buy on the market, made with well-balanced materials.
"We will leave you be, since I'm sure you will be busy," Reno replied. "I will be in the other room waiting, or if I am not there, I will be resting, but you will eventually find me at this place either way."
Reno knew that alchemists tend to keep their secrets with them. They knew how special such things were, but in this case, knowing the Dark Magus had some strange powers, they thought it was more so.
When the others left the room, Raze didn't waste any time as he got to work. After drawing the magic circles on the ground, he had placed the pestle grinder along with the power stone on the ground.
He sat down, and the Dark magic started to flow out of him. 'The enchantment I have made is a basic enhancing one, but still, as long as the grade of the item is high, it will be an item that is highly sought after and worth putting the marking of DM on!'
This time when the magic circle lit up, Raze continued to pour his magic power into the circle and started to go over the lines with his magic again and again, pouring more power into the item.
'There was a theory that one of the professors came up with, the more magic spent condensed into the item, the more likely it was to become a high-graded item. Of course, it was something that was nearly impossible to prove.
'Because at times, the results still seemed random since there were many duds, but I looked into the research papers, and although it seemed that there was no correlation, that was only when one took a broad range of mages.
'If one was to look at the results from the talented mages or those with great magic control, there did seem to be a slight increase chance of something better! So let's do this and make this item!'
Raze stretched out his hands, and the dark magic drifted from either side with the power stone, and as it swirled, the item was done. The glow faded, and it fell to the floor clanging.
Elite Grade cursed Pestle has been created
Raze didn't even bother to read the rest of the information about the item as he placed it off to the side. It was in his eyes a failure. He knew using Dark Magic with the items he had he would create an Elite Grade item; he needed that 10 percent to work in his favor and create an even higher-grade item.
'I guess I still have fifty more tries; this is taking me back to my research days,' Raze said as he started the process again.
Inside the Demonic Faction, in another city that was built inside a mountain landscape, Alba was currently present with two other members of the Crimson Crane. She was with Forma, the small red-cheeked bow user, and Talon, a blonde man dressed in all black with a mask on his face.
The three of them were currently walking across a large wooden bridge. There were many of these in the cities as it would take
one person from one area to the next. As large building structures were built up and down the side of the mountains.
This was the way that they would pass through. At times, the bridges could hardly be seen due to thick fog, but today it was bright, and they were walking across the bridges as many others were passing them as well.
"So are we waiting on the Dark Magus to do the next raid on the dimension?" Cornier asked. Raid was a term that one would use when a clan entered a dimension. They would either go on hunting for beasts to gain crystals, or if asked, it was a raid, a large group of several clans, or a singular clan with the goal of destroying the dimensional boss.
 "It is assumed that the Dimension is at the high Initial stage level or low Divine level, which might be too much for us," Alba replied. "I want to try and gather more information about it, and build up supplies. Honestly, having the Dark Magus by our side might give us more confidence. 
"But we're still not sure what he's capable of just yet. Let's see what type of items he can create for us. If they help us quite a bit, then maybe we can just head into this Dimension.
"For the meantime, I want to gather a few more things."
Alba had only recently received news that the Dark Magus had returned to Reptum and was working on items. She thought that it would take a while, and it would be wrong of her to request he make an item for every single one of the members straight away.
So she thought it was best to leave him be for now. The group was midway across the bridge, and immediately Alba had drawn one of her dual blades on her back, swinging it to the side.
It clashed against another sword, and a man with black spiked hair stood on the other side with a smile on his face.
"Alba!" Cornier shouted, as he charged in, ready to attack, but immediately three men jumped from what appeared to be the side of the bridge and got in the way of him helping his clan head.
"The side of the bridge, but that's a deep drop; they must have come from underneath." Crocker thought. "That means these guys were targeting us."
The man with the sword gathered his Qi and swung it, pushing Alba back; she looked unfazed, but for a strike to actually push her back meant the other person had to be at the middle stage as well.
"The legendary Alba, huh?" The man smiled. "Do you remember us?"
Alba looked at the man's face for a while, and it did ring a bell, and that's when it hit her.
"The Behemoth Guild... you're one of their captains, Wild Fang! What are you doing attacking us?" Alba asked. "We have no problems with you."
Soon the bridge was filled with multiple members; the three Crimson Cranes were surrounded by what looked like fifty Pagna warriors, all of them either at the high initial stage rank or at the middle stages.
"Oh, but we have business with you; tell us, where is the Dark Magus?" Wild Fang asked. "Otherwise, the Crimson Crane will no longer cease to exist. And don't worry the fact that we have appeared in front of you know means we have been able to locate every single one of you Crimson Crane members, wherever they are."



Chapter 284 Unlucky or Lucky
Picking up the pestle off the ground, Raze then chucked it to the side. It made a clanging sound as it hit the floor and rolled across until it touched the large pile of many other pestles.
"I haven't been counting how many times I've done this now, but the crate is looking pretty empty."
Raze was a little frustrated, he had to admit. So far, all he had created were Elite grade items. There wasn't a single one that was at the unique or mythical level. A ten percent chance of it not coming out as an Elite grade item, and it seemed his luck wasn't working with him.
Originally, he thought maybe if he created two items at least at the unique grade, then he would be able to keep one for himself. Yet even that wasn't happening.
"Ten percent, shouldn't that mean at least 1 in every 10 would be a higher grade than Elite, and I've been pouring my Dark Magic into the item creation process, and yet still no luck. Maybe those research papers were right, and it really doesn't make a difference after all."
As Raze continued with the next item, he continued to condense and pour his Dark Magic into the creation, though. Because if it did increase his chances, and he had been this unlucky, then what if he did the same thing without it? Then he would never get a unique grade item at all.
The process continued once more, and the pestle fell to the ground. Immediately, from the way it shined, Raze could almost immediately tell that it was another Elite Grade item.
"I'm sure there are some mages that would be happy to even accomplish enchanting one Elite grade item, but I'm not one of them," he sighed.
Raze had been so focused on the item process that he didn't even know how much time had passed. With him condensing and flowing his Dark Magic into the item, it was taking a lot longer than the original enchantments, at least fifteen minutes per try.
"Not even a single one is a sealed item either. Was all my luck used on Simyon's earring and that statue? I guess that might be the case after all," Raze thought.
Alas, he continued the process, making Elite grade item after Elite grade item, and now it felt like he was down to the last few that were in the crate.
"Will they be satisfied with an Elite Grade item? Probably not," Raze continued the process.
He closed his eyes, trying to focus even more as he poured his Dark Magic. Rather than just condensing it, he thought of other ways in trying to improve the enchantment. The magic circle determined how the power stone and the item would be used together.
The magic circle used the power from the power stone to enforce the magic circle's instructions, giving it a certain type of effect. Yet, mages knew the type of magic used would influence the enchantment, giving them different effects.
At times, some magic circles were specific attribute enchantments as well. In this case, Raze would also be able to use two types of magic to create an even better effect.
This was how he had created the special enchantment on the sword because it was one that used and needed the user to have ice magic, a specific ice enchantment effect, then using his dark magic the item was cursed, making it more powerful than it would have been.
However, right now, he was just using a basic enchantment, along with Dark magic.
"Maybe because it's a basic enchantment, I need to use even more magic. If I dilute the output and condense it down even more, that will help increase the chances."
At this point, Raze was willing to try anything.
It had been a few hours since both Kizer and Reno had left the Dark Magus to his own devices.
"So you aren't a bit curious about how he makes those things?" Kizer asked.
"Curious, yes, but to the point where I wish to sour our relationship, not quite," Reno replied. "That man, he reminds me very much of the poisons that I deal with on a day-to-day basis. For me, they are a great tool that allows me to live on, giving me strength. For others, it can be deadly."
"But even I have to treat the poisons I deal with, with respect; if I don't, they can harm me as well. And that is how I feel about the Dark Magus; we need to know how to deal and handle him; otherwise, we could all suffer from his poison."
"Right?" Kizer replied. "From that, I just got that you think there's a chance he might do more harm to us than good, and for that I agree. You know having him in the group is getting pretty dangerous as well."
"I've been hearing a number of clans have been looking for him. Sure, quite a few are put off when they hear our name, but you know that won't be the end of it. There will be those clans that will be willing to still try anyway."
"And I believe that is a risk that Alba has calculated," Reno replied. "I think Alba believes that we, as a clan, have stagnated, and there are only two options for us to grow in power. Either operate more like a normal clan, taking in more talent and raising students trying to get stronger for the future generations."
"Or to take a risk and become something even greater."
A knock was heard at the door, and they could only assume it was one person since they didn't tend to get visitors.
"Come in!" Reno called.
To that, Raze had entered the room. He looked exhausted to the two of them; his hands were down by his side, and his body was almost slumped over as well.
"Your item, it's…done," Raze informed them.
The two Crimson Crane members looked at each other, just waiting to see what the Dark Magus had cooked up.
They followed Raze, entering his private room, to which they could see a pile of pestles laid out on the ground. The first thing Kizer did was take a peek inside the crate.
"Wait, you used all of them!" Kizer said, lifting up the crate with one hand. He could feel how light it was and could tell that he wasn't imagining things.
 "I know there were at least fifty in there, and you used them all up. Do you know how much we could have sold those crystals for!" Kizer shouted.
The pile of pestles didn't give him much hope as to what they were used for, but Reno did notice something, a singular pestle that was laid out on the table. He picked it up, and as he did, he could immediately feel a strange power drawing to him.
Something that he had never felt before, Raze then, with a slight movement of his finger, allowed magic to move in order to display the information to him.
A Unique Grade Cursed Pestle
Using this item in the creation process will allow for the item to have a 10 percent stronger effect.
Reno's eyes nearly popped out of his head when he read this. Could it be possible? Could just using a single item increase the effects of everything he worked on by ten percent just like that, with the flick of one's fingers, just like it was some type of… magic?
It seemed impossible; how could such an item exist? Alchemists worked years and years just trying to increase the effectiveness of their creations by a single percent, never mind by 10!
All of the poison recipes he had created before, now by just doing the same thing again, but using the item he held in his hand, he would grow in strength. He had essentially become ten percent more powerful.
Not only that, Reno was already implanting finding recipe's created by other poison art's users. Even if he followed all of their instruction and used the same items down to the last mark, he would always create something superior then they could by using this item.
"That item is not for you," Raze said.
"What!" Kizer shouted. He didn't know the effects of the item, but seeing how speechless Reno was, he thought it was something great, and now he knew it was a catch.
"Did you create something so great that now you don't want to give it to us?" Kizer said.
"No, that's not it," Raze replied as he pulled out another pestle. "This is for you."
The item was practically glowing as Raze pulled it out, nearly lighting up the whole area.
A Mythical Cursed Grade Pestle



Chapter 285.1 Behemoth Vs The Crimson Crane (Part 1)
Due to the unique nature of the Crimson Crane Clan, and how individually each one of them was strong in their own space as middle-stage warriors, often the group split up and only gathered when the request was made by Alba.
In the group, Alba was the only one able to make this request; it was part of the rules of the clan in a way. Even a clan like theirs had to have some type of structure for them to work together. Of course, a member could always pass on information to Alba and request the grouping of other members if they were to have a problem, and with their low number of members, it wasn't as if there was a large chain of people that one needed to go through before it reached Alba's ears in the first place.
Which was why the group was split up like so currently. However, there was a certain goal that all of the members had on their mind, and that goal was that they were soon to head into the dimension space that was graded at the high middle-stage level or low Divine rank.
It would be the first time for the group their size, and would allow them an even higher position if they were able to accomplish this, putting them close to the realm above, a realm of masters that didn't really bother with clans, continents, and territories.
Preparing for such a thing, currently, Tilon, a member of the Crimson Crane who wore heavy armor and had a large black shield on his back, Lilly, a relatively small woman with a large spear, and Elvlin, another user who used a glaive that was almost bigger than their entire body, were traveling together.
It was correct to say that they were fighting together. Elvlin, holding the large glaive, jumped up and swung down, slicing through the top skull of the gorilla-like beast in front of him.
The gorilla beast looked just like a gorilla, only it was around four times as big, and its eyes glowed slightly yellow, piercing through the light.
One of the gorilla beasts came from the side and threw out a wide punch. To which Tilon pulled out his shield, blocking the hit. The shield vibrated with power and made a clanging noise like that of a gong.
While the attack was blocked, Lilly had seemingly appeared from behind, and with the spear held in her hand, she had condensed the entire item in Qi. It was glowing faintly. She then threw it through the air, and it pierced through the beast's head.
Right after, she followed up by running forward and pulled the spear out of the gorilla. Another beast had appeared with both their hands held together, ready to swing it down on top of her head, but she looked unfazed, almost uncaring about the hand above.
That was because a shield had appeared in the air, and Tilon held it above like an umbrella, blocking the attack for her. Lastly, Elvlin had come forward again, swinging the giant glaive, slicing at the beast's neck.
When it fell to the floor, for a moment there was silence and a pile of dead beast bodies.
"I guess it's time for us to do the dirty work of gathering the crystals now," Tilon said.
The group got to work as they extracted the level 3 power stones from the gorillas. For them, this was a warm-up. They had entered a dimension, wishing to keep their senses high, their fighting instincts sharp. If they couldn't get through, going against level 3 beasts without a scratch, then they weren't ready for the next level dimension.
"You know, I'm kind of excited to see what the Dark Magus might make for us," Lilly commented as she wiped some of the blood from the crystal and proceeded to place it in her pouch.
"Ah, I know what you mean," Elvlin replied. "We all saw that sword he made that helped us defeat the elder. Could you imagine if our weapons had that kind of effect? I'm really hoping that Alba selects me next."
"Ha!" Tilon laughed. "You know the next choice is me. She chose Kizer wishing to boost our striking power since he is the one that deals the most single-handed damage. However, after increasing one's striking power, the next obvious choice would be to increase our defenses, right?"
Although the Dark Magus hadn't made any items for them yet, unlike some in the group that were skeptical about how much his influence could help them, there were others that were happy that he was on board.
This was mainly due to them experiencing the power of the Qi pills firsthand and having witnessed the effect of one of the weapons already. It was safe to say that they were quite jealous that Kizer was the first one to have received a new item.
"Alright, we should get out of here," Lilly said. "Any more, and the dimension boss will appear, and we don't want to clear this portal; otherwise, the clan will give us a big headache."
With this, all three of them held onto what was known as a return stone. When breaking it, they would return right to the entrance of the dimension where they had entered from.
Each of them broke the return stones, having gathered the power stones, and they soon appeared back on Pagna, landing on the hard orange continent, with little to no green around them.
However, what they were surprised to see was that there were several people waiting for them on the other side, and not just several, it was more like a small army as fifty of them had appeared.
"Erghh, do any of you guys have an idea of what is going on?" Lilly asked.
The others shook their heads as they were unsure, to which Tilon walked ahead with his shield out. The Pagna warriors in front of them had their weapons drawn, so he already assumed that they were being hostile toward them.
"We received permission from the Red Square Clan!" Tilon stated. "We entered this portal after paying a fee. Also, we are members of the Crimson Crane."
Tilon was hoping that stating their clan name in this situation would diffuse them from fighting. Even if they were confident they were going to win, going up against fifty Pagna warriors would be a pain.
However, he wasn't sure if they could win this bout, as those in front looked to be quite experienced Pagna warriors and not just your run-of-the-mill warriors. Which gave him more reason to use the Clan's name, which was something that they usually wouldn't do.
"Haha, we know exactly who you are!" A long blonde-haired man said. "If you didn't state you were from the Crimson Crane, we would have believed we had the wrong people. Either way, let me state something for you.
"We, the Behemoth Clan, have bought the rights to this portal. This is now under us, and you have illegally entered our portal, and for that, we will punish you. Or there is something else you can do, tell us everything about the Dark Magus."



Chapter 286.2 Behemoth Vs The Crimson Crane (Part 2)
The group from the Behemoth Clan had made it clear why they were here. It seemed that news of the Dark Magus being under the Crimson Crane had spread, and although it deterred most clans from attempting to do anything, it hadn't deterred one of the clans.
"We don't know where the Dark Magus is," Tilon answered, and in his head, it was the truth. He really didn't know where the Dark Magus was. He hadn't got an update on the situation back in Repton like Alba had done.
"That doesn't matter," the Behemoth Clan member said. "As I said, we just want to know everything about the Dark Magus, as much as possible. So are you willing to speak up."
Tilon didn't answer, and neither did the other two members behind him. Instead, they gripped onto their weapons, holding them a little tighter.
"I thought that would be your answer, and you know what, I'm somewhat glad!" the long-haired man started.
Immediately, the fifty members or so charged forward, and seeing this, Tilon made the first move. He reacted by digging his shield into the ground and placed both hands on top of it. Powering it with his Qi, a wave of energy let out, pushing the people back. It had stopped them for a moment, and in that moment, both Elvlin and Lilly went for the attack.
Lilly stabbed right through the stomach of one of the warriors and spun her blade, throwing his body off her weapon. His body went flying into the direction of the others, who had decided to avoid and ignore him.
Elvlin was swinging his glaive, revealing large chunks of energy. The members were a little cautious to get close, but some of them had appeared right from above, as they came crashing down. Elvlin lifted the glaive using the handle part to block the hit and then swung the weapon, trying to throw them off.
From the hit alone, he could tell that most of them were high initial stage warriors, close to the peak and close to reaching the middle stage. They were incredibly strong.
"Be careful!" Tilon shouted as he rushed forward, blocking a sword strike with his shield from hitting Lilly. He then pushed the shield forward, and a blast of Qi energy hit the warrior, making him fall to his feet.
"These guys, they are from the Behemoth Clan!" Tilon shouted. "They are the largest clan in the Demonic Faction, and their warriors are no joke either. Due to this, some would say they might even be the strongest clan in the entirety of the Demonic Faction."
This was the level of opponents that they were going against, and they had just been battling against beasts. Although they weren't worn out, they were a bit tired from the fighting.
With how many members were here, and possibly more to come, Tilon was worried, but not just for himself. He was also worried, wondering what was happening with the other Crimson Crane members at the moment.
Alba, along with Cronker and Froma, were engaged in battle against members of the Behemoth Clan as well. They were fighting on the bridge, which was proving difficult in many ways.
Alba dodged a Qi-filled punch, and as she moved, the fist had crashed into the wooden panel underneath her, where she was standing moments before. The panel had completely broken where she was, but quickly she swung her dual swords in an X shape right at the neck, slicing the head off of her opponent.
Meanwhile, Froma was using her bow and arrow and was firing off at those that were coming at them in the distance. She was hitting weapons at the right time, deflecting some of the attacks that were aimed at Alba.
When a couple of those attackers came close and looked to be ready to strike at her with their sword, Cronker seemingly appeared out of nowhere, as if coming from the shadows behind the enemy, slashing their neck and killing them on the spot.
"You guys are annoying," Wild Fang commented, grinding the back of his teeth.
Alba was faring well as she used both of her swords to slash through her multiple opponents rather quickly. She wasn't hesitating with her strikes either. She didn't have much more Qi compared to some of her opponents who were attacking her, but her dual swordsmanship was something people needed to admire. When she started to use some of her skills, she wasn't able to stop until the full formation was complete, and in a way, the situation she was in, where there were multiple people to strike down, was perfect for her. Like a storm, she continued to attack those left and right before they could even react, eventually stopping the crowded warriors who were a little hesitant to go in so brazenly like they had done before.
"Did you think this was going to be a walk in the park?" Alba asked. "Even if you are the Behemoth Clan, you have to remember that we made our name for ourselves as well for a reason.
"And you might be forgetting something!" Alba looked straight ahead, right into Wild Fang's eyes. "I am a clan head as well!"
She sprinted forward, leaving a blazing red line behind her path. The swords were held by her side. The Behemoth Clan attackers tried to go in, but they could feel their bodies being pushed away by the Qi just from her foot technique. She then jumped up in the air, and held both of the blades in her hand and swung them down right on top of Wild Fang.
Immediately, five other members near Wild Fang came to his side, and including himself, all drew out their blades, striking against Alba's. A battle of Qi was starting between the two, waves of power and energy were spreading out, shaking the entire bridge. It was unstable, and the others were unable to strike or attack properly.
In the end, Alba jumped back, and landed on the ground. It looked like they were even, Wild Fang with the help of his five allies.
"Did you forget that I'm not just anyone from the Behemoth Clan?" Wild Fang stated. "I am also a middle-stage warrior."
"Yes, and I see one that needed help from the others as well," Alba commented.
She soon witnessed something that was concerning for her though, and that was what was occurring from behind and on either end of the bridge. More warriors were starting to run toward them.
"Reinforcements," Alba's eyebrows furrowed.
"Haha," Wild Fang laughed. "Ah yes, reinforcements, you will soon realize the reason why we are known as the Behemoth Clan!"
The number of reinforcements was large in size, almost just as large as the number of attackers that were coming towards them. Wild Fang was unaware, but this was set up by Sha Mo, who wouldn't underestimate Alba and the Crimson Crane. He knew what they would need to bring them in.
"Fine, you want to play it like that, then we will just have to do the same!" Alba claimed, as she reached into the pouch around her belt and pulled out three different colored Qi pills.
Seeing her do this, the other two did the same as well.
"Why don't you witness the strength of our newest member, helping us out even when we aren't here!" Alba smiled as she swallowed the green pill marked with DM.



Chapter 287 The Power Of The Curse
Inside one of the many Alchemist rooms that were available for rent, Reno was mesmerized as he held what would have been a simple pestle in his hand. Yet when he touched it, his whole body was surging with energy.
Never before had Reno touched such an item in his lifetime. He had felt great power from ancient herbs and even certain items that came from other dimensions. At times, when visiting other clans, he did stumble across treasures that were on display that would emit somewhat the same type of energy, but he never got close enough to directly feel it coursing through his body like this.
And he imagined that those treasures that other clans kept under wraps would still not amount to much compared to what he had in his hands right now.
"This... it feels like I'm holding onto a legendary item!" Reno mumbled.
Hearing this, Raze couldn't help but chuckle. "Not quite at that level," Raze commented, referring to the rankings that Alterian mages had come up with to determine items' rankings.
What Reno had in his hands was a Mythical type Item, which was underneath that of legendary and finally god-level items.
"Alright, let's not get too carried away," Kizer commented. "After all, it's just a pestle. It's not like you can directly use it in battle. Even a piece of crap, if it was dressed in diamond clothing, would still be a piece of crap."
Waving his hand, a small amount of Dark Magic spread from Raze's hand and entered into the item. It vibrated slightly before the mist started to turn into text. Doing this, only one that cast the magic could see the information that was being displayed, just like he had done when they looked at the unique-grade item.
Raze had decided to read the facets of the item out loud for both of them to hear.
A Mythical Cursed Pestle
Using this item in the creation process will allow for the item to have a 25 to 30 percent stronger effect.
Immediately, Reno's heart started to race. He could feel sweat running down his body and adrenaline coursing through his body. He was feeling the same sensation he would if he was in a fight, yet he was standing perfectly still.
"This item... it can really do that?" Reno repeated, to which Raze nodded.
Even Kizer was taken aback by this. He didn't say anything and wasn't involved in the world of creation, but a 25 percent increase minimum just for using an item, that really was something that would be worthy to be called legendary.
The only thing that was on Kizer's mind now was what type of item he would get. Just what type of effect or trait would his weapon have for him. With these items their clan could use, it was a Great Leap Forward for them all.
"I hope you don't mind," Raze picked up the unique-grade pestle from the table, and it soon vanished. "I wanted to keep this pestle as well as the others for myself. I know we didn't really discuss the details, but it can really help me out."
"Of course!" Reno blurted out, still shocked by everything that was happening.
Raze was pleased with this. Now he could see the remaining Cursed Pestles on the market at some point for some extra coin. On top of that, he wondered if he could, in some way, use the pestle to create his own items. Rather than using magic, if he could make pills in a more natural process, then using the pestle, maybe he could increase the effectiveness of his own pills by around that of ten percent.
This did mean he would have to learn the full process of creating the pills, but there was someone that would be willing to show him, and Reno seemed to be quite good at it.
"I would still need to add the magic formation at some point. It will be a large trial-and-error process. I could try to create the pills first, with the pestle, and then use a power stone and magic circle to infuse the magic into the pill, but would that work?
"I doubt it since the pestle wasn't in the process of the added effect, only in the base of the Qi pill."
It was certainly a head-scratcher for Raze, but it was a part of him that he enjoyed. There was one point in his life that was most enjoyable for him, and it was when he was a professor at the academy, doing research on subjects like these.
It brought him back to those days.
"I don't exactly have a place to store this, so if you could keep these somewhere safe for when I need them, that would be helpful to me as well," Raze asked, referring to the rest of the pestles.
As if a new man, Kizer immediately went ahead and started to place the pestles into the empty crate. Getting on the Dark Magus' good side was a must. The more work he did for him, perhaps the harder the Dark Magus would work on his item. Already, Kizer was imagining all the stupid things he had said in front of him and wondered if he was already in the Dark Magus' bad books. After all, they did state they would just create an item for him.
How strong or weak that item would be, it wasn't really mentioned as part of the deal.
"I have to... do whatever I can to make up for this."
When Kizer was done placing all of the pestles in the crate, he was ready to ask about his item. He had already prepared what was needed at the same time as Reno had done. In fact, he had what was needed even before that, since Alba had suggested that he be the first out of the Crimson Crane to receive a trademark Dark Magus item.
Opening his mouth, he was quickly interrupted.
"I... I need to try this, I need to try this right now!" Reno said like an obsessed man, and he was ready to shoot off. He had to get rid of the adrenaline in his body one way or another.
But before he did, Raze needed to stop him.
"Wait!" Raze shouted out. "You forgot an important part. Do you remember the name of the item? In order to make it that strong, there is an effect."
"Ah, right," Reno held the pestle in his hand a little tighter, and he had sensed it at first but had somewhat ignored it. When holding onto the item, there was a strong overflowing energy that surrounded him, but underneath it all, there was a chill that crept in.
"It's a Cursed Item, right? What exactly does that mean?"
"This is something that all of my powerful items will hold," Raze explained. "It is important that all of your group know of this, for each of your items, the Curse will be different.
 "Some simple, some complicated, some worse than others, and it's up to you if you wish to continue to use these items or not, as almost all the Cursed items I create, when used for the first time, are bound to the user."
Reno thought that this had to be the case, for something this amazing, there had to be a drawback, and he was ready to hear it.



Chapter 288 The Poison Arts Strength
Judging by Reno's reaction after obtaining the item, he didn't mind what the Curse was; he had already decided to accept it.
"There is no reward without risk, huh?" Raze said to himself with a smile. He remembered that he would often repeat this phrase to himself over and over again. It was all before he delved into the world of Dark Magic, the forbidden magic.
"You're in luck, well, considering what you deem lucky," Raze explained as he waved his hand, activating the magic from within the item once again, just making sure he got the phrasing right.
Once this item has been used, it is bound to the user and can only be used by the user.
After the first use of the item, in the creation of an object, the Curse will activate. The item must be used at least once a day to create something. If the item is not used in a 24-hour period after its last use, the Curse will activate.
The effects of all the items created will rebound and be placed on the user, and the item will be destroyed.
When reading it, there were raised eyebrows from Kizer. Was this really a curse? In some cases, the rebound effect sounded more like a final large boost. If pills were created that increased one's strength, life expectancy, and so on, then wouldn't all of those boosts then go to the creator in that moment?
However, Reno had a nervous smile as he looked to the ground.
"These curses are quite interesting, right?" Raze was glad to know that Reno got it because this curse almost felt like it was aimed at him. In terms of him being a poison user and creator, nearly all of the creations that Reno came up with were related to poisons.
Sure, his body could handle poisons that he created; he needed to consume them to get stronger after all. But there was a limit. The body needed to be slowly introduced to poisons bit by bit, allowing for his body to get stronger and his own powers to become deadlier. If all of that was to rebound on him in one go, then for him, it certainly meant death. Twenty-four hours was quite a short period of time in the grand scheme of things.
When heading into other dimensions, there were times where they would be in a place for days. Usually during this time, Reno wouldn't be creating such things, but now he would have to. And what if he was captured by some type of group with no way to make anything with the item? Then the rebound effect would hit him hard. Although the item was creating his strength, it was also creating a large weakness for him as well.
"Thank you for giving me this, Dark Magus," Reno said, holding the pestle tightly. "In the first place, when I dived into the arts of a poison user, I took a lot of risk, and I am still alive today. This is just another one of those things."
With that, Reno exited the room and quickly headed to his own room. He grabbed his newest recipe, his strongest poison concoction to date. He still had leftover ingredients and had been consuming the strange liquid daily to increase his resistance as well as power. However, the effects were lessening, and at the moment, it hardly had any effect. Reno would have to go on another journey to search for deadlier poisons, or even to other dimensions with stronger beasts. In a way, the way Reno's poison art worked in terms of cultivation sounded quite similar to that of magic.
Either way, he mixed the ingredients away in a large mortar and, grabbing his pestle, he worked away. The scratches against the rock were soothing to the ear, and even the plants being used in the process were glowing with energy as they were being ground away.
Both Raze and Kizer were watching in the room by the sidelines, yet to Reno, it was as if they weren't even there. He just continued until all of the plants he had used were formed into a type of liquid. He poured it into a wooden container, a glass, and it was green in color, almost bubbling even though there was no heat to the liquid.
"Man, I can't believe he can even drink that stuff. Even the fumes from it are making me feel slightly weak," Kizer said, covering his mouth.
Raze had to do the same, as he too could tell the fumes were affecting his body slightly, even though he was standing quite a few meters away. It just went to show just how strong the poison really was.
At the same time, Raze could see the pestle, glowing with power. After the creation had been made, it pulsated slightly once, and a type of connection was made between the two.
Reno could feel it in his body as well. Not that he ever doubted that Raze's words were untrue, but it just confirmed what he said even more.
Lifting the cup up, he drank it away, gulping it down, one after the other until he had finished every last drop of the green liquid.
Placing the cup down, Reno kneeled over, and it looked as if he was about to throw up. That was until his skin started to change color slightly. His pale complexion, if one couldn't believe it, was turning even paler. It was going from a ghastly grey to an almost white. While small black bubbles on his body were starting to form.
The bubbles then popped one after the other, letting out a small black mist. The bubbles continued to pop one after the other, and Reno's hair started to raise up from its side, covered in a green glow.
The outside of his irises started to glow green with energy as well.
"This is... this is..."
"I can't believe it!" Kizer said, rushing over and slamming both his hands on the table. "So the item really worked, it created a poison strong enough for you to break through to the next stage!"
That was exactly what it was; Reno had managed to break through to one of the middle stage ranks he had been stubbornly stuck on for so long. In terms of cultivation, Reno was actually one of the lowest middle stage warriors due to the arts he practiced and how hard it was to raise it, and now he had finally broken through to the next stage.
Immediately at that point, Kizer couldn't hold it in anymore as he turned around and looked at the Dark Magus.
"Please, can we start on my item?" Kizer asked.
Seeing the excited faces of those in the Crimson Crane, like they had just tasted a new type of chocolate in a candy store for the first time, there was a slight warm feeling in Raze's heart.
This warm feeling, it had been a while since he had felt it. He wondered if he was slightly sick, and the words he said next made him wonder even more if he was sick.
"Sure, bring what you have, and I'll see what I can do," Raze answered.



Chapter 289 Growing The Crimson Crane
After the Dark Magus had agreed to create another item for Kizer, he had already rushed out to grab what was needed for Raze to get to work. In the meantime, Raze himself was in his own Alchemist room recovering his mana.
He had used up quite a bit of it working on the pestle for Reno. During this time, he had also consumed non-cursed blue Qi pills.
'I've dragged myself into more work than I needed to,' Raze thought to himself as he sat down in a meditative state. 'There is so much for me to still do. I need to create the other Qi pills, and also head to Alterian soon for myself.
'On top of that, I need to gather food supplies to take back to the others. Still, helping them out will also give me a better chance to go against the academy when the time comes for it,' Raze thought to himself.
A short while later, a really short while, Kizer had come sprinting back into the room, with something long tied to his back. He placed it on the ground and unraveled the piece of string around it. Raze could see a number of large long swords. All of them were flashy in design, with strange markings on the hilt and on the blade itself. All of them looked better than the swords that Raze himself had obtained or that he saw at the auction. It was clear that they were all of a great level. With the fifteen swords, there were also fifteen level 3 power stones as well, and that's when Raze realized something.
"I want to tell you something before you get your hopes up," Raze suggested. "The item I will create for you might not be at the same level as the one for Reno."
Immediately, Kizer wanted to blurt out why, and he thought that it would be favoritism. But calming his mind, he realized that couldn't be the case. Otherwise, why would the Dark Magus even bother to tell him such things in the first place?
"You remember the pile of pestles from before; well, that's because of how many unsuccessful attempts there were. Each of those pestles is still enchanted, but in the end, out of the fifty, only two were worthy of being something great. However, here you have given me great swords. Swords that are much rarer compared to the regular pestles that already have their own level of power. We simply don't have as many attempts with them as we would do with the others," Raze explained. "It will still have a great benefit, and it will still help you, but I just wanted to inform you beforehand."
Kizer had to admit he was a little saddened when hearing this, but he also knew it didn't mean that he wouldn't get such a great item. There was still a chance, and in the first place, his expectations were low before he had seen Reno's item.
"Whatever you make for me, I am sure it will aid me in my battles. Please try your best. I will leave you to get to work so you won't get distracted." Kizer bowed down as he left the room.
Raze looked at the weapons on the ground along with the crystals. This was going to be more work than previously. With the weapons, rather than a basic enchantment, he thought it would be best to give them elemental enchantments. To make them stronger, he would have to use Dark Magic as well. This meant he would have to focus with two types of magic. Last time, he had a feeling the condensing of his magic worked, but now he would have to try to do that with two types of magic while trying to get a balance.
"This could take a while, and I will need to rest in between attempts. Oh well, rather than thinking about it, I might as well get on with it."
Upon returning to Reno, Kizer could see that he was already making more creations with his new item and tool. He was sure that Reno would be pulling all-nighters using the tool to see what he could create. After all, his body was filled with complex poisons with more than just one type, so he would have to create a number of different recipes to increase his power from all over as well.
"I was just thinking that Dark Magus, he's a nicer person than I originally thought," Kizer commented.
"Oh, really, I thought you had a bad feeling about him," Reno replied, not looking up while continuing his work.
"I mean I did, and I still kinda feel that way. I can't help it, maybe it's to do with him feeling like poison like you said, but the thing is, he gave you such a powerful item just like that. Do you think most alchemists, if they had created such a great thing, that they would be willing to hand over something like that? If anything, they would hide the fact. What you have is an item that would be sought after by alchemists all over the world, and yet he gave it away."
"You're right, he might be a nice person," Reno replied. "But don't you think it could be something else as well? Maybe it's just that, something like this means nothing to him. At the end of the day, we really don't know much about him or his past."
While the day continued, and Kizer patiently waited for his item to be made, they were all unaware that just outside the large metal Alchemist building, the entire area had been surrounded by Pagna warriors.
"Do those guys live in there or something?" Clipper commented with a large yawn. Clipper was one of the squad leaders of the Behemoth clan. "Alright, I'm tired of waiting around. Let's just head in there and drag the two of them out of there."
"Actually, there's a good chance that they could be meeting with the Dark Magus; he's an alchemist, right? Alright, change of plans, drag every person out of there."



Chapter 290 Not A Good Idea
Kizer had been cooped up in the alchemist room for a while now, and he could feel his head starting to pound. He was unsure if it was due to the fumes from Reno's plants or the concoctions he was making, but either way, he wanted to get out of there.
When he exited the room and was in the main hallway that branched off into several other rooms, he could still smell several different scents wafting into his nose.
'How can they deal with these smells all day, every day? Alchemists really do have a certain knack for these things,' Kizer thought, pinching his nose as he looked towards the exit. 'Now that I think about it, I don't think I've ever met or come across an alchemist that's normal.'
Kizer had come across quite a few, even when the Clan had to make special requests, and all of them were hard to talk to and reserved to themselves. Somewhat like the Dark Magus, but none of them gave him a sense of fear like the Dark Magus did.
Reaching outside, Kizer was ready to give his limbs quite the stretching, and as he pulled his arms out to the very top and slowly opened his eyes, he froze for a moment.
"What is going on here?" Kizer mumbled to himself.
There was a group of around fifty warriors with their weapons drawn. Some of them had dubious facial expressions on their faces, others waiting in anticipation for something. Kizer had seen this look before; it was the faces of warriors just before they were to go into battle.
"Oh, will you look at this," Clipper said. "It seems one of them has come out already to greet us. Let's play with him a little."
The orders from Sha Mo were clear. If the Crimson Crane resisted giving information about the Dark Magus, then they were free to act as they pleased, getting the information they needed no matter what.
However, not everyone would follow those orders right down to the last letter. In Clipper's ears, he had heard just the last few lines, 'They could act as they please.'
Pagna warriors who trained day in and day out, many of them were itching for a fight. Some joined for that sole reason, a chance to show their hard training and efforts off, and now this was that opportunity.
Immediately, they dived right in toward Kizer, one of them thrusting a spear toward his face. He quickly pulled back, and the energy of the spear attack continued forward, hitting part of the metal building, creating a large dent in it.
At the same time from his right side, a fist came out hitting him right across his face; it was a solid hit filled with Qi, from a high-stage initial-ranking warrior. A shockwave of Qi blasted next to him, but Kizer's feet didn't move.
"You call that a punch." Kizer wiped his mouth and drew his own fist, throwing it right back out to his attacker. It looked like the very wind behind, the space itself was being dragged along with his fist.
"THIS IS A PUNCH!" Kizer slammed it right into the man's face, his teeth flying off in different directions, and his body being lifted into the air. The force of the punch ripped the ground as the body was sent flying backward into the others.
The charge from the Behemoth Clan didn't stop there though, as they swung their swords and sliced right into Kizer's shoulder. It ripped through his clothing, tearing his flesh but stopped within a few inches.
The Qi inside Kizer's body was running rampant, and he was using it to protect his body from having deeper attacks. Immediately he kicked his foot at the attacker, sending him flying in the air.
Then taking a step forward, he threw out a fist, hitting another one in the stomach again. Men were being thrown left and right, but at the same time, Kizer's wounds were building up from the attacks that were hitting him again and again.
"Kizer from the Crimson Crane," Clipper commented, watching from the back of his attacking men. "He is the powerhouse of the Crimson Crane group, one with the strongest attack power, and the easiest of the lot to deal with."
Kizer delivered a large uppercut punch to another member, as he felt something sharp pierce his back. He quickly turned around and grabbed onto the sword, cutting his hands slightly.
Pulling the sword forward, he kicked the attacker in the face, and now with a sword in his hand, Kizer had a large smile on his face.
'I gave every single one of my weapons I had to the Dark Magus, so I don't really have anything on me right now, so this will just have to do!'
Kizer swung the sword once with all his might and added Qi. Immediately, a large line of aura could be seen in the air. It had hit six of the Behemoth clan members, creating a large cut across their chests and sending them ten meters away from where he was.
However, looking at the sword in his hand, it had snapped in half and was completely broken.
"This is always the problem I have with these things; why are they such trash? Why is it so hard to find something that can handle my Qi!"
Straight from behind, several more martial artists using a formation had surrounded him, and all of them had thrust their swords toward different spots on his body at once.
Aiming for the stomach, aiming for his side, his ribs, his thighs, going for his neck. All of them had pierced his skin relatively deep, but not deep enough to penetrate his vitals.
"Arghh!" Kizer spun, trying to hit the rest of the swordsmen, but they soon jumped back, and two large men from the Behemoth Clan jumped, using fist techniques, they slammed both of them right into Kizer's stomach, which caused him to kneel over and fall to the ground as the wind was knocked out of him.
"And this is why, Kizer, the one known as the Beast of the Crimson Crane, is the easiest to deal with," Clipper commented with a smile.
"Although he has an absurdly destructive and powerful Qi compared to others that are at the same stage as him, everything else in terms of skills is subpar. A lack of foot techniques, a lack of swordsmanship."
"Some say if he hadn't found the Crimson Crane, he would have long ago perished in battle. It was only because of his fellow clan members defending him that he managed to last this long, and it seems to be true."
On his knees, several of the attackers now had dived in. The sword users that had attacked with their formation from before were ready to strike from above. They were swinging their swords, aiming to slice off his head.
As they swung the swords, though, they noticed their vision was getting slightly blurry, and soon some of them collapsed to the floor, while the sword strikes had missed completely, falling to the floor.
"I was wondering what was taking you so long."
Two steps were taken to Kizer's side, and with a strange lingering mist following him, Reno could be seen.
 "Haha, you came to help me? And here I thought you would be stuck in that room for yours, even if I screamed, begging for my life," Kizer chuckled.
Reno didn't want to say the truth. The fact was, he had run out of plants and herbs to use in his creations, so he was heading out to the auction house to get some more when he saw the commotion.
His words were more of a line he thought was appropriate to be said at the moment.
"Ah, the poison user, I see," Clipper said as he placed some spiked gloves onto his hands and started to walk forward. "The weakest member of the Crimson Crane has come to help. I guess since there are two of you, I should get involved."
"As for the rest of you, what are you doing!" Clipper shouted. "I told you to head inside and drag out every single Alchemist that's in there!"
Both Reno and Kizer looked at each other at that moment. Now they had an idea of who they were after.
"Erghh, I'm not sure that's a good idea," Reno stated.



Chapter 291 Just An Alchemist
Immediately upon joining the fight, Reno released his Qi, and it constantly flowed out of his body. As it struck the warriors around him, all of their senses were slightly disoriented, allowing him enough time to avoid their blows and grasp their faces.
"You know, my poison is most deadly when I can make skin-on-skin contact," Reno said, releasing one of the warriors and dropping him to the floor.
Foam began to appear in the warrior's mouth, and it didn't take long before his heart stopped beating.
Seeing one of the warriors approach, Kizer gritted his teeth and stood up, swinging his leg to kick one of the warriors from underneath them. They fell to the ground, and with both his hands, he smashed right through the warrior's stomach, resulting in a loud cracking sound.
"I'm not out of the fight myself yet. I heard what that bastard said—he called me weak... and you the weakest!" Kizer declared, his fists pumping with blood.
"That's because you are weak!" Clipper jumped in and unleashed a flurry of punches on Reno. Reno deflected the hits, pushing them away with the palm of his hand.
Every time Reno made contact with Clipper, he used his poison Qi, but it seemed to have little effect on him. Then, charging both his hands, Clipper thrust them into the center.
Seeing this, Reno lifted his hands like a wave and pushed both fists down, causing the attack to fall into the ground, breaking part of the flooring beneath it.
"You deflected my attack!" Clipper said, surprised.
However, shortly after, more warriors joined in, trying to attack Reno, and he had to defend himself from the attacks as he moved further and further back.
Clipper hadn't moved in for a second attack; he was covering his hands with Qi to protect himself from the poison. He thought about what had happened.
"I am at the middle stage myself. I thought I would have at least been able to go against the weakest of the Crimson Crane... Were the rumors wrong about him?" Clipper believed that if it were a one-on-one fight, he would have been a match for Reno, at least based on the information he had gathered. So, why were their powers almost equal? If it weren't for them outnumbering them right now, this fight might be more difficult than they visualized.
Reno had been pushed back, but he had also noticed that some were trying to rush into the large metal building behind them. He ran forward, avoiding all the strikes that came his way, then grabbed one of the warriors by the shoulder before they could enter. He dragged them down and flung them back to the ground, then ducked to avoid a sword blow.
Immediately, Kizer threw another two fists, sending two more warriors flying.
"Hey, is it just me, or does there seem to be more of these guys?" Kizer observed.
"You're right. I think I have an idea of which Clan is attacking us right now," Reno commented. "It has to be the Behemoth Clan, which isn't good news for us. We're in the city of Repton, and this is their turf. I'm sure there will be more and more of them."
In the middle of their discussion, both of them were attacked from all sides, but both Reno and Kizer managed to block them. Right behind them, Clipper had charged his two fists and bashed right into the center of their stances, sending them flying and breaking through the walls of the Alchemist rental building, landing in the main hall.
Immediately, members of the Behemoth Clan rushed in, some surrounding the two members of the Crimson Crane, while others headed down the hallways, breaking into several rooms. Reno turned his head and saw them breaking the locks with their fists. After that, a punch and a kick, and they were dragging the working alchemists out of the rooms across the floor like sacks of potatoes, bringing them out of the place.
"This isn't good," Reno thought.
The leader of the Crimson Crane, along with her fellow members, was dealing with their own situation, and they were faring slightly better. Having consumed the pills, they had boosted their strength beyond their normal limits.
Consuming the green pill gave them a speed boost, the red pill restored their strength and wounds somewhat, while the blue pill, the cursed one, was kept in reserve for now.
Alba was doing most of the work, slashing down members one by one and sending them off the bridge to fall into the abyss.
Wild Fang was getting annoyed at everything that was happening and everything he could see.
"Do you think you're the only ones we are attacking?" Wild Fang shouted, hoping to create a distraction to find an opening.
"I said this before, but we found every single one of your members across the continent. Wherever they are, all members of the Crimson Crane are going through the same thing as you guys are right now. We will, no matter what, find information about the Dark Magus."
Alba slashed another person down and locked eyes with Wild Fang.
"Do you think you could force the Dark Magus to work for you?"
"Do you think an alchemist can defy us? We will get what we want from him no matter what!" Wild Fang shouted.
A sinister grin appeared on Alba's face.
"If you think he's just another regular simple alchemist, then you're in for a surprise."
Reno and Kizer continued to fight, now more desperately than before. With Clipper joining in and being skillful, it was proving to be more difficult than ever. What was extremely distracting for both of them, though, was seeing Behemoth Clan members enter room after room and drag out the alchemists. The alchemists seemed helpless, and some had tried to resist, resulting in severe injuries.
"Reno, we need to do something!" Kizer shouted.
"I'm trying! But these guys aren't just nobodies!" Reno shouted back. "They're skilled fighters, and some are at the middle stage like us. We need help!"
 Then, both Kizer and Reno saw it. A group of two men from the Behemoth group were outside the Dark Magus' door. They threw their fists at the door, breaking it off its hinges. After that, they rushed in.
Desperately, Reno fought his way through to get to the door. If anything happened to the Dark Magus, Alba would never forgive them, they were as good as dead.
Reno knocked one person down grabbing onto their face, and when he dropped to the floor, he saw something. The wall beside them cracked, and pushing right through were two large bodies flying in the air. They landed on the ground, both with large, clean holes in their chests.
"What the?" Clipper turned his head and saw a man standing there, his hands down by his side, wearing a black robe.
"Who the heck are you?" Clipper shouted, looking at his two Pagna warriors, hurt and dead.
The hooded man looked to his right, his magic circle ruined and destroyed.
"I spent... so long on that... I was so close..." The hooded man's fists were shaking. "Who am I? Who the f*ck are you? No... I don't care about that. There's no point in asking questions to the dead."



Chapter 292 The Alchemists Legend
The people in the city of Repton, both Pagna warriors and the general public, were starting to become aware of a certain situation. The rental warehouse that the alchemists used to make their concoctions was located a little away from the center.
It was more on the outskirts of the city. This was due to the fumes and loud noises that would be heard coming from the place. On top of that, it was something that would occur all night.
Because of this, it took a while for those who lived in the city to catch wind of what was going on. A few bystanders who were walking past or had arrived to do business with the alchemists witnessed what was happening.
Since it was the city of Repton, where the Behemoth Clan was based, many recognized who they were. Since they were on the move in the city, and with such a large number, it had caused great alarm.
People started to gather and were slowly inching their way toward the alchemist area. They weren't too scared since there was the general rule of the Pagna world not getting involved with those from the general world.
In one section of the city, there was a large building that stood tall. It looked like a pagoda in a way, only the floors were wider and got smaller as they went up, giving it more of a cone shape. It still had the slanted roof tiles.
This building, in particular, was owned by a unique business operated by a young man who sat at the very top of the pagoda.
He was sitting in his luxurious chair made of materials obtained from other dimensions, while wearing gold silk that was soft to the touch on his skin, which shined brightly, along with his long silky white hair.
This man was known as Bubble. No one knew his real name, but in this world, this was who he was known as, and he was pretty well-known throughout the Pagna world as well as the general world as well.
This was all because of the trade Bubble was in; he was one of the few that ran a large network through all of the cities, even those outside of the Demonic Faction. A network of news reporting.
There were many clans that specialized in information gathering, but these were aimed at selling information to the other clans.
Whereas Bubble, he focused on gathering information that was to be sold to the masses. Headline-grabbing articles that would be taken by the people and those interested in the Pagna world.
Secrets not too deep that it would get him targeted either. It was a gap in the market that he saw, and he was the first to print out headline news that would be spread through each city, selling articles on paper that would inform others in even more detail.
This was how he had amassed his fortune.
Crashing into the room, one of his fellow workers burst into the room through the doors. He stumbled on the ground but quickly picked himself up off the floor.
"Bubble, you have to hurry. I think you're going to want to see this. Something is happening in Repton; the Behemoth Clan is moving in large numbers around the Alchemist warehouse building!"
Immediately, Bubble could feel something tingling inside his head until he heard a popping sound. This was it; this was one of the reasons he had given himself a nickname because when he heard this sound in his head, it meant that there was an article to be written.
Immediately, he got out of his seat.
"Let's go!"
In the large open hallway of the alchemist building, everyone had turned their attention to the mysterious man who had just blasted two men through the wall. They looked at the bodies; they had large holes that went right through their chests.
They didn't look like wounds from a weapon, and they could see nothing in the hooded man's hands at the moment.
"You're making threats to us in this situation!" Clipper shouted back; both his eyebrows were raised because he was truly shocked. How could such a person say something like that when they were faced with now around sixty or so strong Pagna warriors? Even members of the Crimson Crane wouldn't be so brazen.
"Wait a minute, black robes, and in this alchemist building, I mean, that's what a lot of alchemists wear, but the fact that these two idiots were fighting so desperately right up till now, it's you, isn't it? You're the Dark Magus!" Clipper claimed.
Walking forward through his group of people, he gestured, putting his hands down, telling those around him to somewhat be at ease. Seeing this, the Crimson Crane duo had decided to take it as an opportunity to gather some of their strength.
"We have been looking everywhere for you," Clipper said. "As I said before, we are the Behemoth Clan. I'm sure I don't need to tell you much about us since you would have to be living under a rock not to know us.
"But we are the largest and strongest clan in the Demonic Faction."
The strongest clan was subjective, but there was no doubt to anyone that they were the largest clan.
"We have many alchemists that are already in our clan, but despite that, your name has piqued our leader's interest, and he wishes to speak to you."
It was an open invitation, just like Reno had expected. They were after the Dark Magus this entire time.
Although Raze was listening, he was also observing the situation. There were a few fallen Pagna warriors; he imagined that the Crimson Crane had gotten in a scuffle with them already.
Not only that, but he could see some of the other alchemists who had been dragged out of their rooms, beaten, and clearly forced.
"A group of people who offer an invitation like so?" Raze said. "You gather a group of this many people to ask for a request and drag those whom you thought might be me. Do you really think that this is the type of people that I would work for?"
Down on the ground, Raze looked at one of the swords. This one, in particular, was a curved sword that looked like a jagged tooth with a large orange hilt. In total, Raze had completed 13 enchantments, leaving him with only two left.
He was working on this one, the 13th one, and when the people had barged into the door, he had lost his concentration. In doing so, the enchantment was completed before he could pour more of his condensed magic into the item.
This was one of the many reasons for his anger, because the weapon had been enchanted and wasn't how he would have liked it. After all of his hard work.
 Bending down, Raze picked up the sword from the ground. He looked at it for a moment, and a flicker of black magic activated behind the sword guard that covered his hand, which the others were unable to see.
"You're picking up a sword!" Clipper said as he continued to walk forward. "You really plan to go against all of us. You're just an alchemist, even if you have the Crimson Crane backing you; look at what we did to them already. Are you one of those alchemists who has something a bit wrong with them?"
As Clipper made fun of the Dark Magus, he turned around to laugh, looking at the other clan members behind him.
In that moment, when he turned away, that was when Raze placed both hands on the hilt of the weapon and raised it high above his head.
"The second Dark Edge Magic Sword arts!" Raze mumbled under his breath. "The Eclipse Magic Strike!"
The dark magic poured out of Raze's hands, and the silver blade was surrounded by a corona of black and purple energy that swirled around it. At the same time, the hilt of the sword started to glow with power itself.
When the sword was completely surrounded, a large afterimage of the sword almost appeared, almost giving off a ghostly afterimage of a giant wielding the sword.
"This... it has so much power behind it!" Kizer said as he could feel the surge of energy reach him.
"Is what we're seeing right now visual Qi?" Reno asked.
Clipper felt the large surge of energy. Immediately he could sense it; the power within the strike didn't feel like something that would come from an alchemist. Not just that, it did not feel like an attack that was on the level of someone at the initial stage.
When he turned, he could see the giant visual Qi of the ellipse sword swinging down right at him. He raised his hand in defense, but it was a little too late. Clipper didn't have time to move out of the way, nor gather his own Qi.
The large strike ripped right through his body, breaking through his Qi and smashing into the ground. The tiles on the floor broke for several meters across the floor, not just where the sword had hit.
A few of those who were standing behind Clipper had been hit by the attack as well, but the one who had directly taken the attack was Clipper himself.
The sword had touched the ground, and Clipper placed his hand across his chest. "What... type of alchemist are you?" Clipper said in a hushed voice, the life in his eyes disappearing, and a spurt of blood gushing out from his wound as he fell to the floor, falling into two pieces.



Chapter 293 The Cursed Sword
Reno's eyes were rapidly blinking along with his heart beat. He was wondering if one of the plants he had used was perhaps a type of hallucinogen. He had been working with many different fumes after all.
Because, he just couldn't believe his eyes, they had to be playing a trick on him! It was the only thing that would have made sense to what he had just witnessed and he wasn't the only one that felt this way.
Clipper had fallen; one of the squad leaders of the Behemoth Clan had been taken out, and not just that, but it was with a single strike.
Reno had just been fighting the person himself after having broken through to the next stage so he was aware of the others strength.
Before Reno was at the lowest of the middle stages, stage 7, after consuming the poisons using his new item, he had gained strength and had become a stage 8 Warrior. Most of the Crimson Crane were mid-level stage 8 users, with some closer to stage 9.
However, as stages increased, there were larger differences in strength compared to that of the lower stages. For example, a high Stage 8 close to breaking through to stage 9 could deal with 2 stage 8's on the low end on their own.
It was assumed that the Elder from the Light faction was a high-ranking stage 8, and with his magical abilities, he was a tough person to beat. Which was why it took the whole of The Crimson Crane and more.
Yet despite all of this, none of it would explain how Raze, who was a stage four, managed to beat a stage 8 Middle stage warrior, even if he was on the lower end.
'Maybe we could put some of it to the fact that Clipper was caught off guard. The higher stages can sense the Qi energy, so no doubt he thought the Dark Magus was a nobody and was an alchemist at that, but what was with that attack?"
"It wasn't just his power," Kizen said, grinning from ear to ear. He had been keeping his eye on something else as well, and it was the fact that the Dark Magus seemed to be somewhat surprised by the power output as well.
Raze looked at the destruction behind Clipper; a few of the other warriors had been hurt from the strike that seemed to have extended itself.
'The Eclipse strike is a move that focuses on raw power, and equally, the magic used to cover the sword is condensed as well. On top of that, more than anything, Dark Magic is known for its destructive powers, making an attacker stronger than ever.'
For Raze, he had an idea of when putting his magic combined with Qi together in his strikes; he would add the two numbers together to give him an idea of his power. So he similarly had the attack of someone at stage 7, like that of a middle-stage warrior himself.
However, The Eclipse strike, the techniques were also specifically a technique meant to combine magic and Qi together, giving it a slight edge. Finally, there was one more thing.
The sword that Raze had picked up from the ground, it was one of the best creations from the bunch of those he had considered failures and the latest in his creation.
Unique Grade Cursed Raptor Sword
The weapon's power output area is increased based on the number of those that are around. The strike's range is extended as well as its power.
This was the enchantment that Raze had placed on the sword; he had used his wind enchantment. He didn't know many enchantments for weapons in general, since he wasn't a magic sword user.
Regardless due to its ranking, it had a better effect, that the power and size of the strike increased based on the number of people that were attacking him, and right now there were quite a few.
The fact that it was a unique grade ranking was what had made Raze so mad in the first place.
"I knew it; I was doing so well condensing the two types of magic. It was a difficult thing to do, but I had a feeling that I was getting it with that last one. The flow of magic in enchanting, it is a hard thing to grasp.
"If they hadn't interrupted me at the time, if they didn't burst down the doors right when I was in the middle of this creation. This might have been a mythical item just like the pestle."
Thinking about it more and more, Raze was getting angrier; he was unsure if he would be able to have that same feeling and connection that he had done before. He only had two more tries, and it was unlikely he would create anything higher than the weapon that was in his hand.
Still, there was the added effect, the curse, which was something he needed to watch out for.
The techniques used while holding this weapon cannot be used again for a 24-hour period, regardless of whether or not the weapon is still held after.
"This person, are they really an Alchemist?" One of the Behemoth members said.
No one had moved forward since they had seen their squad captain cut down like that. They were hoping that he would have recovered, got up from the ground, but instead, he was still lying there, clearly no longer in the land of the living.
"He has to be a member of the Crimson Crane; this must have been a trap or something set up by them."
"Then we have to get revenge; there's still a lot of us!"
While the others were talking, it appeared as if Raze tested something; he held the sword in his hand, and he proceeded to use the two-step shift, moving to the side. It was odd to everyone watching, including the members of the Crimson Crane.
Because Raze just moved to the side, not closer or further away from the others. The Dark Magus then looked down at his feet.
"It's true; it's not just sword techniques, but it's also foot techniques as well. Although the power of this sword is great, it's something one would have to be conscious of while using it.
"I thought it might have just been limited to sword techniques, but if even a simple thing like the two-step shift can't be used, it will cause quite a difficulty in one's fighting."
There was another thought in Raze's head, and it was whether or not magic was limited while using the sword as well. Thinking about it, he tried to use the Eclipse Magic sword formation again, but the magic wasn't mustering and covering the sword in a dark purple oblivion color like before.
"I guess this sword is not one for me to use. If its effects were truly great, then I would have kept it for myself, but I can't have something that will hamper my magic, so I will give this to Kizen, but before that, there is one more thing I want to test."
 Raze looked to the group of people again, and they could feel a strange fierce energy that was shoring him. It was in the air, swirling rather than coming from his own body himself.
"We are the Behemoth group; we won't be afraid of just a single Alchemist!" The Behemoth member shouted.
Hearing this, it looked like the Behemoth group had managed to gather the courage to fight again, and at the same time, Reno and Kizen were good to go.
"It's a shame," Raze said. "I didn't expect him to die in one hit; he would have been good to progress my powers. But at least there is the rest of you. This attack is a bit weaker, so I hope you will survive this."
Once again, Raze placed both hands on the handle
of the sword and lifted it in the air. Although it wasn't shrouded in the purple and black energy like before, the handle started to glow orange, and the Qi from within was activating with the sword.
The afterimage could be seen just like last time, the visual Qi, only looking slightly different.
'As expected, the Magic Eclipse sword formation, and the Eclipse sword formation count as two different skills. So here it goes again!'
The sword was lifted up in the air, and the mass energy was released as it was swung down. "Dark Edge Sword arts, Second formation. Eclipse strike!"



Chapter 294 The Birth Of A Real Demon
The commotion outside of the Alchemist building had grown larger, and a big crowd had gathered, staying several metres away from any of the warriors.
Although they weren't able to see much other than a bunch of Behemoth Clan members standing by the doorway.
Finally, breaking through the crowd, wearing his golden silk and accompanied by his huffing and panting worker, Bubble had arrived at the area. His presence as he waved his hands through the crowds, while looking at the scene made it so none of the others wished to stand next to him.
He had an air of importance that told people to move away, while also an air of arrogance around him that caused people to scorn him as they moved out of the way.
"The Behemoth Clan, they have really gathered here, and judging by the door, we seem to have missed some of what has been happening," Bubble's tone was a little downhearted.
He wanted to be there when the magic had occurred, where the headline-grabber of the event would occur, but it looked like he might have missed it.
Just as he was thinking about whether to stay or turn away, that's when he saw a Behemoth Clan member flying through the air. He was lifted up high in the sky and then came falling down and smashed into the ground, in the open area just in front of the Alchemist building.
The Behemoth Clan was moving back. Not only that, but Bubble was seeing something he thought he would never see, and that was the group of Behemoth Clan, some of them appeared to be running.
Just at that moment, as one of the Behemoth Clan members had turned around, he had seen a man in dark robes burst right through behind him. In his hand was a large curved sword with an orange hilt.
"The first Devil's formation!" The hooded man called out as he swung his sword down.
A large strike occurred, and a giant afterimage of a sword even larger appeared. It appeared to be a type of visual Qi. Immediately as the strike hit, the area around had slightly exploded, causing several of the members to be thrown out from the side.
'This man... he's attacking the Behemoth Clan without a second thought. How could anyone be so crazy to do such a thing, and who is he with the hood?' Bubble thought.
He could feel several pops going off in his head. He could feel it; this might be the article he was looking for.
Once again, the hooded man jumped to the side, bursting past the others, and then with his sword, he swung it to the side again, crashing into a large number of them.
Some of the Behemoth Clan seemed to be standing their ground as they charged in to attack, but jumping from above, there was a man with wild hair and a scar on his face who landed, smashing two of the attackers' heads into the ground.
A few more started to come from the other side, trying to take down the hooded man, yet a green mist had entered the site, causing them to instantly itch and claw at their skin, almost ripping it out.
While distracted, several hits to their bodies and eyes had been dealt to them as well. Soon after, the two stood by the side of the hooded man, and it was then, through their attacks, that it popped into Bubble's head.
'These two, they're members of the Crimson Crane. So is this what was happening? Was it a fight between those in the Crimson Crane and those in the Behemoth Clan? What reason could they have to attack?' Bubble thought.
It was certainly turning into a far bigger event than he thought. The largest clan in the Demonic Faction against the most well-known Wanderer Clan through the continent.
Although this was just some of the members and not an outright war, it would certainly catch the attention of the general people, especially if it was building into an anticipation of a full-fledged fight.
'But then who is that hooded man? Is he a new member?'
Listening in, the panic was starting to be heard in the Behemoth Clan members' voices.
"What is this? Who knew that the Dark Magus would be so strong!"
"You think this is the Dark Magus? The Dark Magus is an alchemist! This has to be the new member of the Crimson Crane or something, a trump card that they've been hiding since they knew we would come after the Dark Magus!"
"Who cares who it is; it could be a man in a jolly suit full of presents for all I care. Right now, we're being slaughtered by him, and even if he is Santa Claus, he's killing us left and right."
The Behemoth Clan was in a panic, and the people who were from Repton were more shocked than ever. Since they were the clan that was in charge of the city, they had seen their members bully their way through situations at times.
Also, they dealt with some situations just from their name alone, and yet here they were, outnumbering others, and they were the ones that were frightened.
Raze had been using skill after skill while using the new Raptor sword in his hand. Its power was great in this situation, giving him a spike. The members didn't stand a chance with his added skills.
He had done what he needed to do; he could see it. Most of those fighting had already lost the will to fight, and now it was the perfect chance for him to act.
He lifted the sword up in his hand and then threw it over to Kizer. It was such a surprise that he nearly tumbled, dropping the sword but managed to catch it.
"Hey, don't you need this?" Kizer asked.
"That is your gift," Raze answered. "You've seen its power. So I think that you will come to like it. Don't use it too much, though; there is a bit of a problem with it, although if you use it enough, I'm sure you'll figure it out.
"As for me, if I still carried that sword, then I wouldn't be able to do this."
Raze moved in on one of the injured men that was getting off from the ground, and before he had completely recovered, Raze grabbed him right by the face. As a stage four Pagna warrior, he had strength beyond that of a regular human, as did everyone else.
So just with his grip strength alone, he was able to lift the man in the air, but that was when they all could see what was happening. Right in front of their very eyes, the man's muscles were shrinking, his skin was drying up, and it looked like he was starting to age.
 Eventually, Raze dropped him to the ground, and that truly had nearly stopped all of the commotion that was happening so far.
"The Dark Magus," Reno said slowly, moving his lips. "knows how to use the extraction technique, the technique that belongs to the demons. This is the same; it's the same as I saw that day, that time! I thought as much!"
He said this in a low voice, so no one could hear. Right now, the Behemoth Clan was conflicted on whether or not this really was the Dark Magus in front of them or not.
However, it wasn't the fact that this hooded figure knew the extraction technique. What had shocked all of the Pagna warriors there was the speed of the extraction technique.
"What's going on? Why are all the warriors frozen?" Bubble's coworker had asked.
"I guess those that aren't familiar with the Demonic Arts wouldn't know," Bubble started to explain. "What that guy just used was the extraction technique. It's a trademark of the Demonic Faction, allowing a person to draw the life energy out of a being into their own."
"I see, so they're surprised that someone from the Crimson Crane can use this technique?" The worker asked.
Bubble shook his head. "No, there are many that come and go that have tried to learn the techniques, but without Demonic Qi, it seems to not work so well. However, even among those in the Demonic Faction, it is a technique that can almost never be used in battle.
"The technique varies from person to person in how well it works, and I've heard there are some that have trained to try and perfect the technique, but the speed of extraction has still been too slow to be used in a fight.
"This is the fastest I have ever witnessed someone use the extraction technique before. He drained him, and we could see it right with our own eyes. What we might have all just witnessed right here in front of us is the birth of a Demon."
It was the final nail in the coffin for the Behemoth Clan; after seeing this, they felt like they were dealing with a monster, someone that was beyond what they could deal with. But Raze, he wouldn't forgive them.
He chased after one of the men that was running away, pulled him by the back of his clothes, and slammed him on the ground, holding onto him, he started to drain the energy from his body into his once again.
"I thought you wanted to invite me into your clan. You were very keen to show those Alchemists what would happen to them if they didn't accept. Were you planning to do that to me as well?" Raze asked.
Although some watching might have thought that the sight in front of them was cruel, it was the state of the Pagna world. If Raze didn't intervene, maybe Reno and Kizer would have been killed as well as the alchemists.
Watching the hooded man chase down the Behemoth Clan, striking them down and then using the extraction technique to absorb them, Bubble knew he had his article name that he wished to spread to the whole world.
"The Birth Of A Real Demon! This is it!"



Chapter 295 A Demon Rising
The battle between the giant Behemoth Clan and the Crimson Crane members was not over. One group, consisting of Tilon, Elivin, and Lilly, had just exited from a dimension.
The moment they had done so, they were ambushed, surrounded by attackers on the pretense that they had entered a dimension belonging to the Behemoth Clan.
Thankfully, there was one member with them, Tilon. He was the tank of the group and a significant part of their defense. With his shield techniques, he managed to fend off attacks, preventing his two allies from getting hurt, and they were able to last for quite a while.
After all, the Crimson Crane members were small in size, but what they didn't lack was skill. They were better than most at the same stage as them, and although the attackers were initially high-ranked, they weren't a match for the Crimson Crane.
Due to this, the Crimson Crane members were able to defend themselves from getting hurt and continued fighting, taking down members time after time.
"Keep going!" The Behemoth member shouted, pointing his sword toward them.
The terrain had completely changed from what it was before, with the grounds ruined, destroyed, and craters filling the area.
Rather than attacking individually, the two attackers, Elivin and Lilly, had decided to stay close to Tilon, and they didn't appear to be in the best condition.
"I hate to say it, but I think they're onto us," Lilly commented, gripping her hand tightly around her spear. She was trying to gauge how much strength she had left, and judging by just her holding her spear, it wasn't much.
"Then we just have to bluff our way out of this thing. We still have the blue pills made by the Dark Magus, right? Let's take them," Tilon ordered.
He was feeling weak in his legs himself; he didn't know how many more hits he could take.
All three of them agreed and took the blue Qi pills, and in an instant, they could feel the energy surging through their bodies. It was a quick boost, but they knew it would only last for a minute.
Knowing this, at the same time as the Behemoth Clan charged in, all of them gathered their Qi and unleashed large attacks. Tilon slammed his shield into the ground, pushing them away.
Lilly thrust her spear several times, pushing them all back, and with Elivin's large glaive, he was able to slice several limbs off.
"These guys, they're not weak at all; do they ever tire?" The Behemoth Clan member cried out.
Everyone had witnessed them taking the pills and had heard rumors about their effects.
"Damn it, if they have the Dark Magus on their side, we don't know how many of those pills they have. This fight could end up being endless!" The leader complained.
He had information on the pills; word had gotten out about their great effects. However, what they didn't know was that the Dark Magus wasn't in regular contact with the Crimson Crane, and the blue pills that each of the members had were the only ones.
On top of that, the effect of the Cursed blue pill could only be used once within a period.
"Can we leave now, though? We haven't been able to get any information. I thought this was going to be easy since we got them right after a Dimension run!"
While contemplating what to do, looking up at the sky, a bird could be seen circling above them. It made a loud caw sound three times, then stopped for a few seconds before doing so again.
Seeing this, the leader knew what it was; it was the signal for them to retreat. "The others must have done their job; everyone retreat!" The leader shouted.
The Behemoth Clan didn't hesitate, as they didn't want to fight with the Crimson Crane for much longer, and they started to back away. The Crimson members didn't give chase; instead, they stood their ground, watching them all scurry away.
A short while after, the effect of the pill had worn off. Nearly all three of them wanted to instantly collapse on the floor right there and then, but instead, they just let out a big puff of air.
"It looked like your plan worked in the end," Elivin commented. "You know what, for getting us out of the situation, if the Dark Magus wants to make you a weapon next, then I welcome the offer."
Tilon didn't say anything because he wasn't so sure his plan did work. He was just thankful the fight didn't go on; otherwise, they would have all been killed. The message was quite clear: the Behemoth Clan really wanted the Dark Magus.
At the same time, while Alba and her teammates were fighting on the bridge, the same thing had occurred. A bird was seen above, and Wildfire Fang had no choice but to call for their entire group to retreat.
Unlike the others, they still hadn't used the blue Qi pill. It was their trump card if things got really desperate. Alba ordered the others not to chase, as they waited for all the Behemoth clan members to clear the bridge.
"They retreated just like that, without getting any information?" Cornker asked, putting his two daggers away in his back.
"Exactly, I don't like it. If they attacked us, they most likely attacked the others as well. Let's hurry to a communication center," Alba ordered.
In most cities or even small towns, there would be communication devices. One would input a code, and then talk into it; the voice was then recorded.
If another person went to another communication center in another town or city and played the code, then they would hear the message.
There were no mobile communication devices, so if they needed to get a message on the go, they would have to use other means, but in the world of Pagna, this was the best they had in terms of contacting each other.
"I've told the others to let me know if they're all okay and that the Crimson Crane will be meeting back up in Reptum," Alba explained. "I hope the others are fine for now, but for us, even we should get some rest.
 "If we set off now and get attacked, there is a chance that I could lose one of you, and I'm not going to let that happen."
The others agreed, and they had decided to stay in an inn for the night. One of them stayed awake, keeping watch while the other two could get some good shut-eye. Then they would rotate this.
It was normal for them to do this being wanderers, so they were used to it, but of course, Alba was more uptight than she usually would be. They had dealt with clans in the past, but now, in short succession, they had dealt with an Algre Light Faction Clan and now a large Demonic Faction Clan.
"It was going to be this way eventually; things have just sped up a bit because we met him," Alba thought to herself.
When the sun rose with enough rest for the three of them, they took a quick visit to the message center to see if they had heard anything from the others. They had heard news from Tilon that everything was okay, and they had received the message.
However, the ones she hadn't heard from were those in Reptum themselves.
"We'll gather some
food, supplies, and water, and then we'll head off," Alba said.
As they were walking across the lion's bridges, they had entered the main market hub. It was several large buildings that were built around the side of a mountain in a large semicircle.
There was a large platform for people to walk on. While walking, they kept an eye out to see if they spotted any Behemoth members here or there, but they were unable to see anything.
Entering a shop, though, a voice caught their attention, and not just theirs but quite a few people as well.
On the large platform, there was a single person who stood on a self-made stand. By his side, he had a stack of papers, and with a loud booming voice, he was shouting out to the others.
"Read about the big occurrence in the city of Reptum! A once-in-a-lifetime event involving the Behemoth Clan!"
Immediately, it caught Alba's and the others' attention, and they quickly moved over. She pulled out a coin and flicked it over to the man, who then handed a paper out from the stack on the side.
Right at the very top, the main headline read: The Birth Of A Real Demon! A Demon Appears in Reptum!
"Hey, this is to do with the Behemoth Clan; it can't be true, can it? Is it to do with the others?" Cronker asked, sweat running down the side of his head as he started to panic.
He could see Alba reading the paper, but she hadn't said a word, and eventually, when reading it all, she could only mumble out a few things.
"Are the Behemoth Clan and Crimson Crane at war? Is the mysterious person the Dark Magus? Can an Alchemist really be this strong?" Alba mumbled to herself, reading everything that was written.
"What...on Pagna happened?" Alba said, star-struck.
The news report, due to Bubble's information network, was quickly being spread. First, it would be the Demonic Faction, and soon it would reach even further than that. The world was learning that the Demonic Faction had a real Demon rising.



Chapter 296 The Dark Guilds Most Loyal
In the world of Alterian, at the police station, Captain Harvey was in the large office space. Here, several stalls housed the other officers, and Harvey, as the captain, had his own office in the area.
A special booth, that mostly had the area blacked out by a special enchanted glass.
"Captain Harvey sure does love staying in the dark all the time, huh? Maybe he's up to some creepy stuff," one of the officers said, his head turned towards the private cubicle. Even now, the blinds were down, though it was still midday.
"Although this is quite normal for him, he seems to be in the books a lot more than usual," another officer from the stall next commented. He dragged himself out of his chair, and then, using his wind magic, whirled up a chocolate bar from the side of the table.
"Care to chill my drink as well?" another officer said, holding out a glass bottle and handing it over. The officer quickly took the bottle, and soon an icy exterior appeared on the outside as he handed it back.
"You're talking about the recent work he's handed us, right? We're looking over so much and digging up cases from so far back, up to recently, and I don't even know what case we're working on that would need all this information."
"We should just do what we're told before he blasts us to pieces."
"Wait, he does that!" One of the newbie officers said, wheeling out from his booth a little worried. He had been careful around the captain due to being a rank higher, as newbies tend to do. So far, he hadn't seen much of the captain, but the few instances he had were all good.
"Ah, you haven't seen the captain snap yet, right? I think it tends to happen around once a month."
"If you put it that way, some might think he isn't a man."
"Hey, watch it," another chimed in, slapping their member on the back of the head.
"Regardless," the officer continued as he looked around to make sure the captain was still in his booth. "Captain Harvey has at times snapped at other officers, and it seems to be the smallest things.
"We've even seen it with some criminals or other departments that we've had to work with once in a while. When it happens, he has quite the temper because he isn't shy to use his magic.
"Due to his talent, as a Five Star mage, some say he would be in an even higher position if it wasn't for his temper." The officer looked around the room again as he waved his hands for the others to lean in.
"I've heard some rumors state that the captain might have even killed a few people. On cases, there have been rumors that they have seen him go a little too far when there wasn't a need to that ended up killing them."
"Wait, that isn't so bad then, is it?" Another added. "That means that all of the cases were with criminals. He might just be really crazy about justice."
"Or just crazy," another added. "Just be happy that he is one that is catching criminals, otherwise, who knows."
As they were in the middle of their discussion, the double door into the room slid open, and several men could be seen entering. They were being escorted by a female officer that the whole team knew, but as for the people behind them, they hadn't seen them before.
Their clothing stood out to them all, and it told the others exactly where they were from. They wore thick robes that were primarily white, with flashes of gold on what looked like their shoulder pads. This was an enchanted robe, and one of those that were given to one group of people.
Those that came down from headquarters. The ones behind the scenes that gave the larger orders to those that were down at the practical level doing the job like them. There were five men in total, all of them dressed in the same clothing, their hoods covering most of what they looked like.
Immediately, the officers stood up from their seats as they saw them and greeted them with a slight bow.
"Is this what our unit has been doing, mere gossiping!" One of the headquarters officers stated. His voice was a little rough around the edges, making them assume that he was quite a bit older compared to the others.
The officers didn't say anything back while they continued to walk past and eventually reached the private cubicle. The young female officer gave it a knock before clearing her throat.
"Captain Harvey, it appears that there are those from Headquarters that are here to see you."
Immediately the black-covered room disappeared, and one could see through the office, with Harvey standing up from his seat, and opening the door, exiting his room. Unlike the other officers, Harvey didn't seem to bow down, and instead just stood tall while looking at them.
"Arrogant as always," the same older voice from before said.
"Yes, but I am too helpful in catching troublesome criminals for you guys to disregard me, so what is it that you want this time?" Harvey asked.
"There has been a direct order not just here but in multiple areas for the officers to focus on research about the Dark Magus," the man stated.
Almost immediately, Harvey could feel a tingling sensation run through his body. He started to rub his index finger and thumb together, soothing himself slightly.
The officers behind were a little confused, for one, cases involving the Dark Magus, wasn't something usually the officers at this level would look at, and second, the Dark Magus cases were closed.
"Is there a reason for this?" Harvey asked.
Harvey was after all, a member of what had now been deemed the Dark Guild, and he needed to put a stop to anything that was getting in their way, so it was important for him to fish out for information.
"There isn't anything solid for the time being," the man replied. "However, the task is for you to do further ground research on the sites nearby that had involved the Dark Magus in the past. We are trying to see if there was anything overlooked.
"As you should know, he was a powerful mage that dabbled in Dark Magic. There is a chance, that there are sites that have been, left behind by the Dark Magus. Anything, to a magic circle, to a print of something you don't recognize we need detailed reports.
"Any free time will be dedicated to this."
 A large smile appeared on Harvey's face, as he answered, "Of course." But the back of his teeth were grinding. Why were they looking into the Dark Magus, what were they planning to do?
'Have they found out about the Dark guild already? From the internal files, I see reports of those taken out that were learning Dark Magic, but they haven't caught on that there is a group of people gathering. They seem to be using a lot of resources on just this. The meeting is soon, and maybe this is something to note to that puppet.'
Harvey somewhat saw himself as the bringing of the Dark Guild. He would never call himself the leader, that position was for one and only one person, but using his internal files at the station, he could research into those that were suspected users of Dark Magic, or follow certain reports.
Meeting them beforehand, he could then use this information to invite them to join. At the same time, he had been busy looking into the matters of
the Grand Magus, just like he had been asked to, and he felt like this derailing was now avoiding him from doing his task.
"Couldn't you guys just have sent a message, was there really a reason for you all to come down here?" Harvey asked.
"If we had just sent a message then you wouldn't have known how important of a matter this is, and we wanted to speak in front of your fellow officers here so they could keep you in line," the man stated, and with that, the message was delivered.
They didn't say anything else, and instead just turned around as they went to head back out of the door back the way they had come in. As soon as the door shut, Harvey couldn't help but shout out loud.
"Those old f*cks," Harvey commented. "This is my station, and I will do as I like."
"Does that mean that we won't be looking into cases involving the Dark Magus, sir?" The female who had escorted them in asked.
"No, we will, but anything we do find, I want all of you to report to me first," Harvey ordered. "Don't upload information onto the central system, and let me vet it first."
"Is this an order from headquarters, sir?" One of the officers sheepishly asked, cowering behind another. Halfway through his sentence, he had somewhat realized how stupid it was for him to ask.
"No, it's an order from me, and if you disobey my order, I will incite my personal punishments."
It was the first time for the newbie officer to see Harvey like this. Normally he was calm, and was relaxed about everything. To the point where the workers were free to talk and eat where they wished, among other things.
A completely different atmosphere compared to other posts. They enjoyed their time here under Harvey and so they were less likely to ruin it as well.
"I guess we better start pulling up the Dark Magus case files then," the officer said as he sat at his desk and got to work.
Everyone started to do the same and the talking continued among the staff members.
"Man, the Dark Magus, I can't believe there was such a high-case criminal that existed. It wasn't too long ago that he died as well."
Harvey himself was ready to head back into his room.
"It's a good thing the Dark Magus is dead now," the young officer commented.
Immediately, Harvey's footsteps stopped just shy of entering his office.



Chapter 297 Back to the Start
Harvey had stopped moving forward, frozen like a statue, not entering his room and not turning back around. The others hadn't noticed; they were still talking amongst themselves, getting to work.
Eventually, he started to rub his index finger across his thumb, doing it a few times until he turned around with a smile on his face.
"Newbie, is it?" Harvey called out. "I can't remember your name. Was it something silly like Cookie or something?"
"Calner, sir, but you can call me Cookie if you wish."
"Alright, Cookie, since you are new here, you can go on your first trip with me," Harvey explained. "After the group digs up some information, we will be heading out to the sites to investigate in pairs, and you can have the honor of going with me."
"Thank you, sir. I won't let you down!" Cookie said, his face flushed slightly red.
"Alright, you guys, get to work, and get as much information as you can on the Dark Magus," Harvey ordered as he went back to his office and clicked his fingers. The enchanted glass covered the room again.
"Whoa, I don't know if going with the captain is going to be good or bad for you," one of the officers said, and soon, all of them got to work.
They continued to research the Dark Magus files, in particular, they were looking at details of events that had occurred near the area they were in. For many of the officers, looking into the details of the Dark Magus was quite shocking.
"Hey, did you hear about this event?" one of the officers said, pulling up the file. "The Dark Magus, they say he took out one of the police bases that were here before. It started because an officer seemed to have seized a storage unit that belonged to the Dark Mage."
"Wait, so because the police were doing their job, he attacked one of the units, like this?" Another officer asked.
"Well, not just attacked, he got rid of the whole unit. There are quite a few cases like this as well."
"I've found some other reports stating that he attacked quite a few facilities as well. All of them had links to illegal drug production, though."
"Yeah, but did you see, they were small-scale places, none of the large ones. It doesn't seem like he was doing it out of the good of his heart. He attacked multiple of the large facilities that were producing a number of drugs that were illegal and used to save lives with diseases as well.
"So it seems the Dark Magus was just being the Dark Magus, taking out medical facilities and causing disruption."
"Doesn't it make you wonder, though? We are looking through all of these files, and the Dark Magus had done a lot of bad things, we all know that. Yet what about his origin? With his death, shouldn't there be an official file?
"Shouldn't he be in a system of some kind? We should know his real identity and find out why the Dark Magus did these things or why the Dark Magus became the Dark Magus."
"Are we teachers now? Are we his parents? He is a criminal at the end of the day, and our job is to catch them, end of story. We can't go looking into preventing these things, and I'm sure you have seen drastic cases like the Dark Magus.
"There are those raised in the perfect environment, loving family, and a number of things, yet they still do the inevitable."
After compiling a list of reports, it was time for the officers to take action. Thankfully, the world of Alterian, at least to the general public, was a safe place. At least in the post that they were at, there weren't multiple calls during the day, giving them a lot of free time to look at other things. With no calls being brought in, it meant they could act quite quickly on the task that had been handed to them from above.
"Officers, we will travel in pairs!" Harvey announced as he had put them all together, and by his side, there was Officer Cookie. "Remember what I said before, that anything you find, do not upload it to the central database, and that it should go through me first."
With that said, the group split up to all of the different sites across the city, in particular districts. As for Harvey, the site that he had chosen was a personal one and the one that interested him the most.
The night sky was out, and the neon lights shined across the entire city. It was almost impossible to see a building without lights on the outside. But in the city full of night lights and large skyscraper buildings, there was almost a gap. An area that stood out because it was shrouded in darkness.
"So we are finally here," Harvey said with a smile.
In front of him, there was a thick blue barrier that covered the area. It was to block access for the general public and other mages. Of course, a mage with some strength could break down the barrier, but if that were to happen, then an alert would be sent, and in an instant, several forces would be there to stop the attacker.
As for what was behind the barrier, it was a site, or what was left of a site. What was once a large building, along with the other skyscrapers, was now just a large mound that looked to be black in color. There was still some of the steel frame that could be seen, but large parts of it had melted down. There were also a few of the building structures that were left here and there, but it was nothing like it once was.
Walking up to the barrier, Harvey pulled out a round metallic object, in the center of which was a large orb that had a crystal inside it. When he placed the object, it somewhat stuck to the barrier, and shortly after, a part of the barrier changed in color.
Immediately, Harvey walked through the barrier, and following after him was Cookie. After that, Harvey took the device back off, and the barrier returned to normal.
"So what is this place, boss? You didn't really give me any information," Cookie said as he quickened his pace to catch up with the captain, who had already dived right into the scene.
"This place, you mean you don't know? I thought the information was released to the general public. Didn't you look at the files?" Harvey replied.
While looking around, it felt like there wasn't much to look at or find. Nearly everything had been burnt to the ground by a powerful fire spell. It had burnt most of the scene that they could have had from around them, but there was one thing that Harvey was wondering.
"There's almost no other damage other than that which is from the fire. Sure, the fire could have cleared it up, but shouldn't there be lingering magic, or at least some sign of other spells?" Harvey commented. "And to answer your question, this is the site, the area where the Dark Magus was said to have lost his fight. His body burnt to a crisp, leaving nothing behind it."
It was a story that Harvey had been following well, to the point he realized that the site of the Dark Magus' death was never revealed to the public. As they thought it would become a tourist destination for others and they didn't want the site to be ruined. Yet it was also the reason, or part of the reason why Harvey thought that it might just be the case that the Dark Magus was still alive.
"Until I see the body myself, I won't believe that he has passed," Harvey commented.
"Well, if the Dark Magus was alive, then it would certainly bring terror to everyone. We would need the help of the Grand Magus again to stop him if that happened," Cookie commented.
 After looking around for a while, it was quite clear that they weren't going to find anything, or anything that the officers would be interested in.
"I guess there is nothing for us to report?" Cookie asked.
"I have found out one thing," Harvey said as he turned around.
The two of them were standing in the center, what looked like a dark pit surrounded by the destroyed buildings on all sides that covered them from the outside buildings and areas.
"There is a group that worships the Dark Magus. Have you heard of them?" Harvey asked.
"A group, that really exists? I thought the Dark Magus was a solo person," Cookie replied.
"Oh, he is," Harvey replied. "But there is a group that is trying to follow in his footsteps, to help his goal. They call themselves the Dark Guild, and it seems that they are operating right here at the moment."
"Right here? How did you find that out, captain?" Cookie asked.
"Ah," Harvey stopped rubbing his index finger and thumb at that moment, and magic started to swirl around his body. It was Dark Magic, which reached grabbing onto Cookie's legs and arms. A large shadow figure held Cookie right in the air.
"It's because I'm a member of this guild, and as a member, you need to be punished for the words you said," Harvey held out his hand, facing out.
"Dark Pulse." An attack left his hand, striking right in the center of Cookie's heart, and his head fell down, looking at the floor.



Chapter 298 Another Growing Legend
The piece written by Bubble and his group had managed to become one of his bestsellers overnight. Copies were selling out within hours, and he was unable to print enough in time.
In the end, news was starting to spread by word of mouth rather than the articles themselves, as so many people had already heard of what had occurred, which started to slow down sales, but the initial surge of wanting information from those who had actually seen what happened still allowed for a steady influx of sales.
"This is fantastic!" Bubble said to himself with a large grin on his face. "The news has already spread outside of the continent, and even clans have been requesting information from us, asking how much we know about this new demon that is a part of the Demonic Faction."
Lying back in his chair, Bubble had his finger on his chin and a large grin on his face because he himself was wondering if there was any way he could maximize the current situation to make it better for him.
"I guess I might have to start gathering information about the Crimson Crane myself. Maybe they will allow for exclusive interviews. For now, we aren't even sure if the attacker and the Dark Magus are the same person, and from what I saw, it's unlikely to be the case."
Most had come to this conclusion themselves. They just could never imagine a person who was so great at creating Qi pills, someone who was a genius in alchemy, could also be a genius in combat as well.
Little did Bubble or the others know that the Dark Magus was a lot more than that, and they had yet to learn about the great items that he could create.
"Still, of course, this demon has become a legend. His name has been spread because it's not every day that a person can take on multiple members of the Behemoth Clan. Talking about them, it might be good to get an idea of what they are thinking right now, as it doesn't seem like they have been active since that day either. I would love to talk to them, but I treasure my own life.'
"Oren!" Bubble shouted. "Head to the Behemoth Clan and do an interview with them for our next article. We need to stay on top of all of this. We need to keep the story going and build up the new Demon."
In the city of Repton, many didn't know the location of the Behemoth Clan, and that was because it was located underneath the city itself. There were multiple entrances all over, some placed inside shops, others part of stall stands. Once showing the specially made emblem, the entrance would open up to them and only them. Most of them then needed to proceed down some stairs before entering a large area that almost looked like a city of its own.
The underground area was full of flat buildings and was covered in red lights that filled the sky. The walkways were made out of wood, and oddly, it seemed to be built on top of a lake of water. The area would be paved with wooden floorboards and houses, but towards the sides and away from the walkways, there would be water that could be seen everywhere. With the reflection of the red light, it was quite the sight to see, unique, and there wasn't a place quite like it.
At the very end of the path built up was a large, wide housing structure, and this was the main base of the Behemoth Clan. Standing just outside the large building were two statues of lions, one holding onto a ball underneath its foot, with the other a baby.
Inside the building itself, sitting down on a large red mat, there was a giant man in the room, with his head almost touching the ceiling. In front of him, several men were on one knee with their heads facing the floor and one fist on the floor as well.
"The Behemoth Clan has been embarrassed," Sha Mo stated. "And to think, after I went all the way to the Neverfall Clan making sure they wouldn't get involved. It seems we had underestimated the Crimson Crane."
"I apologize for this; everything is my fault!" Wild Fang claimed. He stayed in his position with his head facing toward the ground, not even looking up. "Anything you wish for me to do, even if I have no limbs left, I will drag the Dark Magus here myself!"
Sha Mo didn't respond, and immediately all of the men on the ground looked nervous. They all had failed in a way, especially the group that had the Dark Magus in their sights, or at least what was thought to be the Dark Magus.
"For now, we should let the heat die down a bit," Sha Mo said. "We need to gather more information on this new Demon that the Crimson Crane has managed to get. Whether it is the Dark Magus or not. If they can use the Extraction Technique like what was claimed, then this might become a bigger thing than people realize, and we won't be the only group that will be intent on getting him for themselves."
There was also another thought that came to Sha Mo's mind, but he didn't speak it out loud. But there was a chance that if this person was truly this talented, a person that came along only once in a million, then they would be able to create a group of their own that would be able to topple what had been stable in the world of Pagna for a while now.
A day and a half had passed since the events of the Crimson Crane and the Behemoth Clan, and Raze had treated it as if it was just another matter that had occurred on his path.
Because he didn't let it slow him down in terms of the things that he needed to do. In fact, once his mana had returned to what it was, he had gotten straight to work on the request that was needed.
The creation of more Qi pills that would be handed to Fixteen to go on to sell to the others.
Raze had wanted to do work in the Alchemist building, since it was a larger and wider space, but due to the event, there would be those that gathered outside, all with the hope that they would be able to see the new Demon appear again.
The description of a hooded figure matched many, so at least it would be hard for him to be singled out as he walked through the streets. So instead, Raze did the work in the Inn.
Crates had been brought to him, and with the mass-producing method, he was able to create multiples of the pills and fill them up. Quite a large supply had been made this time. And on top of those for Fixteen, he had created his own supply of pills.
He had brought a full sack of multicolored pills for him to use and placed it into his robe.
"And finally, I am done with the first request that I needed to do since getting here," Raze said as he sat on the edge of the bed, thinking about what he needed to do next.
"I informed the Crimson Crane that I would continue to make items for the rest of their members, but for now, I have my own personal matters to attend to."
It was the reason why Raze had grabbed many of the Qi pills for him to use himself. It was because the next step for him was to head to Alterian to have the meeting with the Dark Guild.
From the last time, he realized that he was able to use magic, and he could even use items such as his magic robe, allowing him to bring things to Alterian.
Similarly, he hoped that it would work the same way, and when he went to his vault of items, he could bring some things back with him to Pagna. However, there was a problem, depending on where he was, how long would it take him to reach the vault.
If he asked his followers, how long would they take to gather the items, and who knew once they knew how powerful these things were whether they would keep it to themselves or not.
Because of this, Raze had figured something else out: in his astral projection, what if he was to consume the Qi pills? He could still use magic, so even if he couldn't eat the pills, then he could at least break the energy down and use it to restore the mana within himself.
If that didn't work, he had come up with another plan. The mana being supplied to the astral projection technique was coming from his real body. So what if he created magic circles with pills placed around him?
He could make it so the energy broke down from the pills within a certain time, and in doing so, give his body more energy. If he did this, he was sure he would be able to spend more time in Alterian.
"I guess it's time for me to go," Raze thought as he exited out of the door.
 He had already informed Fixteen that the pills were ready and where to collect them, on top of that, he had made a request: a list of food that needed to be brought over. If he didn't get his new robe from his vault, he could only bring so much food to the other side.
So in a way, this was something that needed to be done. Exiting out of the City of Repton, Raze headed back to the cave.
"I guess it's time to head back to Alterian again."



Chapter 299 The Second Dark Guild Meeting
Inside the Mage Academy, classes were in session. Mages were learning about history, delving into spells and the basics of magic. Years of research on all things related to mages were concentrated in one place—the academy.
The mage academies served as stepping stones for any mage wishing to achieve something significant in the world. There were numerous magical jobs in Alterian, but those who managed to reach star 5 level were considered extremely special.
And there was one thing that 90 percent of mages who reached the 5-star level and above had in common: they had attended an academy. Because all the knowledge of the mages was in one place, it was where one could advance the quickest.
In one class, a student named Kelly was diligently taking notes in her book as her teacher drew diagrams on the board. The lesson for today was teaching about counter magic.
It formed the basis of battles between mages who were at the same level and had a wide variety of spells. Although certain attributes were known to be stronger and better than others, spells themselves also acted in specific ways.
Through trial and error, the academy had determined certain spells that were best used in specific situations. The teacher would write an example of a spell on the board, such as the Fire Magic spell "Ember."
Students then had to come up with a counter spell. The obvious answer was to use water magic, but what type of spell would work best to stop the attack? They had to devise the reason why and identify the best spell; that was the point of the lesson.
This lesson was interesting, but for Kelly, it didn't prove too useful because she had a secret that she kept from everyone: she specialized in Dark Magic.
Since Dark Magic was considered taboo, it was challenging for people to know what was the best counter against it. At the same time, there were no lessons on what the best Dark Magic spell to counter other types of magic would be.
For example, since Dark Magic was her most powerful attribute, if the opponent used Ember and she had no water magic spells, then what would be the most effective Dark Magic spell to stop the attack?
In her head, because of this, she was a little behind the others when it came to these lessons and tests. In fact, "a little" was an understatement; she was at the bottom of the class. Having next to no real-life experience with other magics made it difficult to come up with an answer.
"I believe the best answer would be the 'Water Spout' spell," one of the girls at the front of the class answered.
Her name was Aurora, a talented redhead who was considered a fiery beauty. In many ways, she was the polar opposite when it came to classes since Aurora was at the top of her class and popular with both male and female students.
Although Kelly was popular with the boys, it wasn't on friendly terms; it was more one-way affection. This had caused dissatisfaction among the girls, and with no friends of her own to support her, she had become somewhat of a target for the others to relieve their stress.
It didn't help that she was at the bottom of her class as well. Because of all these things, she felt at times she didn't blame them, as she would have targeted herself for being so useless, but it didn't matter because she had one goal and one purpose: to increase and pursue her Dark Magic, a gift given to her by the Dark Magus who had managed to save her.
"And what is your reasoning for picking this spell?" the teacher asked.
"'Water Spout' has a far range, and it fits since an ember flame has the tendency to spread and not just attack one area. There are many spells that can block ember, but I think this is the best bet to stay safe while also using a small amount of mana," Aurora answered.
The teacher nodded as he rubbed his bearded chin before giving an answer.
"It's a great answer; I will give you 8 out of 10," the teacher replied.
Aurora seemed shocked by this and clenched her fists slightly.
"But sir, that is the answer that the textbook gives, stating that it is the best option. How can you give me 8 out of 10?"
"That's because you gave a textbook answer," the teacher replied. "In the world of mages and spells, it is about using your head and combinations of things to think outside of the box. You need to think further as if you are in a real battle yourself.
"Are you really sure that the answer in the textbook itself is the best answer? If you are to battle against other mages using everything in the textbooks, then won't your opponent always know what you're going to do?"
Aurora appeared dissatisfied with the teacher's explanation. The textbooks were based on years and generations of research by other mages, and other teachers would have complimented her fully. She wanted to argue back, but before she could, the bell rang, signaling the end of class.
"That was a good lesson, everybody!" the teacher clapped his hands. "I do have to remind you all before you go that tomorrow is the school's anniversary event. Students and teachers will be gathering in the main hall in the evening.
"You are free to bring your family members tomorrow before the evening event. Here, they will observe your live lessons in class to see what you are learning, and we might ask a few of you to demonstrate a few things, so you need to be at the top of your class.
"After that, we will all enjoy the evening party in the main hall!"
The students were excited as they heard this news. They turned to their classmates by their side and started to chat away. It was a chance for them to show off to their parents and family members all the hard work they had put in.
For some, though, it would be stressful as well. With their parents watching, they would become a nervous wreck, as they had to prove that they had been doing well.
For Kelly, though, she didn't care about any of it and instead looked at the time.
'Today is the meeting day; I have to hurry and catch the train,' she thought.
Rushing down the steps, carrying her bag and other items, she was ready to head out the exit. But before she did, someone called out to her.
"And who will be coming to see you tomorrow, Kelly?" Aurora asked.
She was at the front with a couple of her friends standing by her side, openly giggling as they heard this comment.
"Oh right, sorry, I forgot you can't bring anyone, can you? Aren't your entire family dead? Well, it's okay, don't worry, you can still shine. If they ask me to do a demonstration against a student, I'll choose you, and you can show off your skills. Who knows, maybe someone will offer to adopt you if you do well."
 Kelly's past was known to nearly all of the students. Kelly didn't know how but Aurora was able to get this information, and soon it had spread, giving them more ammunition to use in their targeted teasing.
Ignoring Aurora's words, Kelly just walked past. She had experienced this quite frequently, and she knew why. A lot of kids resented Kelly for a number of things, and it seemed to be a good way to get their frustrations out.
Aurora was one of the main offenders, bullies, whatever you wanted to call them. It was all because a boy that she had liked had asked Kelly out. Kelly had no interest in boys; she didn't want to be close to people in the first place since she could never reveal her dark secret to them. It was better that way.
Yet ever since then, Aurora's targeting and teasing had become much worse compared to others.
"Maybe you could pay someone to be your family members for the day. It would be quite embarrassing if every single student had someone here for them and you didn't."
Continuing to ignore the words, Kelly left the room.
'I need to hurry; the Dark Guild is waiting for me.'



Chapter 300 Going Back, to the meeting
When using the astral projection technique, Raze needed to make sure that his original body was protected. Since he couldn't really trust anyone to do such a thing, the best option for him was to head back to the secret cave from before, the one that had been created by the original Dark Faction Founder.
Entering the inside, Raze got to work relatively quickly. He didn't start by using the astral projection spell but instead was trying to figure out what runes to use so his body could continue to consume the pills that he needed.
This was the difference between good mages and great mages. Good mages could perform spells of any caliber, but great mages truly understood the fundamentals of things, to the point where they were able to use the runes, symbols, and magic circles to create their own spells.
After thinking about it for a while, he did what needed to be done. The magic circle formation was created, and he had placed twenty blue Qi Pills in the circle.
"At the moment, the magic circle is set up so it breaks down and absorbs the crystal every thirty minutes. These are just regular Qi Pills and not the cursed variation. As long as I don't use magic, then I should be able to last at least 10 hours in my body based on what had occurred last time."
His hand was rubbing his chin, wondering if that would be enough time. After all, he didn't even know where in Alterian the Dark Guild was holding their meetings, and how far it would be from the place he needed.
"I guess for now, I could always use this more as a test."
Raze then proceeded to draw the same magic circle again, but this time he placed the light blue Qi Pills. These pills had the effect of blocking out any stasis effects or effects from magic itself, and he wondered if this would help prevent the magic from his body from spilling even more.
Lastly, he had created a final magic circle copying the same formation as the other two. In this one, he had placed the same blue-colored pill, only this one was the cursed variant, that allowed one to restore all of their mana for a total of a minute.
However, he added an extra condition in the magic circle; if his mana was to go below ten percent of its total, then and only then would the Qi pill be consumed by his body. He needed to be ready for anything that would happen after all.
"Alright, with that, I think the setup is complete," Raze thought to himself.
In terms of his physical body, a lot had changed with Raze. After consuming those from the Behemoth Clan and adding their Qi to his own, he had now reached and become a stage 5 Pagna warrior.
Kizer and Reno had helped protect him while he was going through the process, since it seemed to happen right after the fight, and he was in quite the vulnerable state as all of the impurities from his body had tried to escape.
At that time, he could tell that the Crimson Crane members wanted to ask what was going on. Since they were so close, they could feel that Raze must have just broken through to the Fifth stage, so how was he even able to defeat so many members of the Behemoth Clan they would never know.
They wanted to ask but they bit their tongue in case the Dark Magus found such things offensive for them to say.
"For the astral projection, I need more mana, and I'm still only at the third stage... I do have a level 5 power stone that I can absorb, but I've been a bit cautious about it as well. If I'm able to become a 4-star mage, it won't just be safer for me, but I'll be able to last longer on the other side as well."
Of course, there was always the worry of a portal break. So far, Raze seemed to have been lucky. With the item creations, no portals had appeared. However, increasing one to the next star level did release a large amount of magic, which was why it worried Raze.
"Let's just see for now first. The astral projection technique can be used as long as I have mana, so it's not as if I can't use it more than once in a day," Raze thought to himself.
Sitting down with his legs crossed, Raze took a deep breath and started to move the mana around him. He continued in and out, until he felt a part of him escaping from his body.
The technique was being performed, and before he knew it, when he opened his eyes in front of him, he found himself back in the same place as before. The destroyed and dark scenery around him.
The rooftop was mostly black with a few holes here and there, yet no light shining through. He was sure of it, that he was in the right place. However, when looking around, he couldn't see either of the two from before.
Instead, though, he noticed something else, as he looked at his own body. "What is this... my mana, I can feel it. It's not leaking out of my body like it did the last time? It's staying in! With this, I can stay in Alterian for a lot longer, even without the use of the pills."
What Raze was trying to figure out was the reason why, though. What was different this time compared to the time before? What had changed? The technique used was the same, he was at the same star level, so it couldn't be that.
Then there was only one answer, there was only one variable that had changed, and that was the fact that he was now a stage-five Pagna warrior.
"Is it my body itself? Is it causing the mana to leak out even less? If that is the case, then I wonder if I was a middle-stage warrior, would my body be even more solidified in this state."
The glowing mana that would surround Raze had been lessened as well. Before, where he would have looked like a spirit, his body was more like that of an actual human. One couldn't tell from just looking, but maybe if they were to touch him, they would still notice.
"I wonder... what would occur if someone at the Divine level used this technique as well. Would their body be completely solidified to the point where it would just be like if they were in the world of Alterian.
"I guess this gives me more reason to continue focusing on increasing my Pagna stage as well."
It was quite the big discovery, to the point where Raze continued to clench his fist, opening it and closing it. Now he realized that all of the math and figures he had done beforehand with the pills were to be thrown out of the window.
But it didn't matter too much; he could always just adjust it anyway.
"Oh, Dark Spirit!" A voice said.
Turning around, Raze could see two hooded figures standing there, and the one who had spoken was the same male-sounding voice as before.
"It seems you are quite keen to start this meeting of the new Dark Guild!" the man stated.



Chapter 301 Where is the Vault Located
The appearance of the two Dark Guild members was the same as before. The two of them were wearing the dark robes that covered their faces, but their general body structure could be seen.
Raze could tell that these were the same people as before, but as for the two of them, they could tell the same.
They knew that this was the Dark Spirit, but then why did the energy that was overflowing out of him from before no longer feel the same? Now, it felt like they were dealing with another human of all things.
In fact, if they had seen the Dark Spirit like this before, they wouldn't have thought he was a Dark Spirit in the first place.
"You seem a bit different, Dark Spirit," Harvey commented.
"I am getting used to appearing in this world," Raze replied. "As time goes on, I'm sure my power will continue to grow as well, which will be a benefit to us both."
There was no need to give many more details other than that, but if Raze wanted to use these two to help him now and in the future, he had to keep up this somewhat facade of being a Dark Spirit that belonged to the Dark Magus.
He didn't feel too bad about this; after all, the person they were worshiping in the first place was him, but that would be hard for them to believe with a change in appearance and a change of power.
If people knew how weak the Dark Magus was now compared to before, then the dynamics between them might very well change. After all, Raze had no clue as to why these people even worshiped the Dark Magus in the first place.
"From our talk from before, I was wondering how the task has been going," Raze asked.
The two hooded figures looked at each other, wondering which one of them should go first, and in the end, Harvey stepped forward slightly, giving a small bow before answering.
"I have been looking into what the Grand Magus has been doing. I have been gathering information, but right now, it's hard to know what is considered suspicious of their movements, or if there is any dirt on them that we can use."
"The Grand Magus will be good at covering their tracks, so to get information that I believe will be useful to you, I believe we will need more of those on the inside. I think it might be best if we look for more Dark Magic users, those that follow our cause."
"With more eyes in places, I'm sure they will be able to find if they they mess up."
A larger network would come in handy, but there was an issue when groups became large. For one, it was harder to keep an eye on everyone's movements and what they were doing.
The larger the group, the harder they were to control as well. However, was this something he needed to worry about when he wouldn't be here?
"A large group is harder to control. If they are to join the Dark Guild, we need ways to know that they are truly loyal to the cause. Make sure to look into those things before asking them to join," Raze answered.
"Of course," Harvey replied with a smile. He was already doing this, so he was glad to hear that the Dark Spirit felt the same way about these things.
"There is one more thing I wish to inform you," Harvey started to explain. "It seems that the central government is looking into matters involving the Dark Magus. I do not know the reason why, but it does seem strange that they would do so at a time like this."
"For now, they do not know about the Dark Guild, especially since it just includes the two of us, so I doubt it has anything to do with this. I thought it might be best to inform you, since I'm sure you're aware that the Grand Magus have a lot of influence in this world."
When Harvey explained everything he found, he wanted to hide his real identity. The fact that he was in the police force but still gave the information needed to find these things out.
'They are looking into the Dark Magus here on Alterian again. They must have already confirmed my death. No, they knew I died right in front of their eyes,' Raze thought. 'What is more likely is that they are starting to hear of news in Pagna. The likelihood that the two worlds are connected in more ways than I knew is quite high.'
'If reports are coming through, they are looking into whether or not I really died, or had someone take my place. I can already imagine the panic that is going through them. It's making me a little excited,' Raze thought to himself.
Now that Harvey was done with his report, it was Kelly's turn to answer. When she walked forward, she seemed to be playing with her hands, twirling them around before speaking.
"I apologize," Kelly replied. "I have not yet had time to look into your request about mages of the past that might have gone missing. I have been quite distracted, keeping up my appearance in real life, but with more time, I can definitely get you the answers that you need."
This was disappointing to hear, but Raze wasn't so much in a rush for this in the first place. If he found out who the Dark Founder was, he then needed to look into more information and decide what to do from there.
Likely, he needed to find a real way to get to Alterian or a way to increase the time he could spend in Alterian before diving into anything to do with that because now he had his own problems that he needed to deal with on Pagna as well.
"Not to worry, when you have the time, look into that as soon as possible. Instead, I have another request," Raze suggested.
The main reason for his visit was to get the items that he needed from his vault, but it would be quite difficult even if the location was quite close.
"If it's possible, I need a way to head to the Central Mage Academy," Raze requested.
His hiding place, his vault, was in plain sight, at the Main Central Academy.



Chapter 302 The Central Mage Academy
Kelly felt her knees weaken a little; she almost fell straight to the floor when she heard the request from the Dark Spirit. From what she knew, the Dark Spirit was a creation of the Dark Magus that continued to do his bidding after he left.
So why, of all places, did he want to go to the Central Mage Academy, the academy which she was currently attending? She wondered for a moment if the spirit maybe knew her identity, but as she calmed down, taking in a deep breath, she realized, based on the way the question was asked, that it wasn't possible that was the case.
"The Central Academy?" Harvey repeated. "That is a difficult place to enter. Not even I think I could get you in there without reason. On top of that, although you might have strong Dark Magic skills, if you were to venture into a place like that and someone found your identity, you would be killed on the spot. There are far too many high-ranked mages there."
Raze already knew this, and it was a risk that he was just going to have to take. In the end, if his spirit form was killed, it wouldn't affect him, but the reward of the items he had left behind was something he needed now, if he wanted a chance of taking on the academy and the main families of the Dark Faction.
"I'm not sure where we currently are," Raze replied. "I understand that it will be difficult to get into the academy, but there are important things at the academy that are needed in order for the Dark Guild to thrive."
Harvey was thinking hard; he wanted to help the Dark Spirit, but at the moment, he couldn't think of anything. "The Central Academy is not far. One can take the Blink Train there, and you could get there in about an hour. The main issue is entering the academy itself, where I can't help."
"I think I might be able to help in that department," Kelly finally spoke up.
She had been silent for a while because she wasn't sure if it was the best thing to do. With her just being a student, she wouldn't have been able to get the Dark Spirit in, at least not the way he was before.
However, with his body in the form it was in now, he looked just like any other person, and there was an event that the school was happening where guests could arrive. This was perhaps the only chance the Dark Spirit would have, and it was a way she could help.
"This matter might involve revealing my real identity," Kelly said as she turned to Harvey and gave a small bow.
Harvey knew what she meant by this. One of the rules of the Dark Guild was to not reveal one's real identity to each other. Although Harvey knew the identity of most who had joined the meetings before since he had invited them, he didn't know the real identity of Kelly since she was invited by another member who was now dead.
Because of this, the two didn't know each other's real identities outside of the Dark Guild.
It was important for them to use the tools of the real world to help them in their pursuit in the Dark Guild and their goals, and to do that, they needed to do everything they could to keep their identity a secret.
With this, it was less likely that they would be caught, especially for using things like Dark Magic.
"I understand. I will continue with the task I have been doing before. We will have a meeting again at the same time and place. Hopefully, there will be more of us that are able to aid you, Dark Spirit," Harvey said, as he bowed down and had decided to leave the area.
The two of them waited a while, and Kelly made sure that the area was clear before she went back to talk to the Dark Spirit. She seemed to be cautious even about the other Dark Guild member.
Raze felt like it was actually a sensible thing for the woman to do. To not trust anyone, and that would include him who was using her.
"I do have a way I can help you," Kelly said. "But, it's important that we don't get found out in any way. The use of Dark Magic will be forbidden; otherwise, both of our lives will be taken."
After saying this, she was wondering if that was even possible anyway. Wasn't this just a spirit? Could it even die? Really, the only one that was risking her position was herself.
"Doing this means that I will have to reveal my identity to you, and I wish for you to keep it a secret from the others. At the same time, the only way this would work is if people are able to see a face of yours as well. Is that possible?"
Since Kelly was unable to directly see what the Dark Spirit looked like, she didn't even know if it would just be flows of magic. So before telling him everything about the plan she had come up with, she needed an answer first.
"That is certainly possible," Raze answered. If it was the same situation as before, he wouldn't have tried. Too much magic was leaking out of his body, and the teachers would have noticed something was strange in a heartbeat. Although the leaking of magic still existed, it was in small amounts.
With the help of the light blue Qi pill, Raze was sure it would be impossible for other mages to trace it, unless they directly touched his body. After all, mana was all over the world, so it wouldn't be so strange.
"Alright," Kelly took a deep breath again. "I am currently a student at the Academy. So I have no problem coming in. Usually, guests aren't allowed to visit either without getting pre-proven permission either."
"However, tomorrow, there is an open day at the academy. Students are allowed to bring family members to the event. If you want to get into the Magic Academy, your best bet will be to come with me as a fellow family member to tomorrow's event."



Chapter 303 You can come
After saying everything she needed to say, Kelly was waiting for the Dark spirit to reply. She was hoping that he would understand the risks she was taking, and for her, she was only doing this because he was a creation of the Dark Magus, the same person that had brought justice to her situation and gave her some light at the end of the dark tunnel.
The reason why Raze hadn't replied straight away himself was because he was in the middle of thinking about the whole situation.
'I would have to disguise myself as this person's family member. It would certainly get me into the academy, but I would have to stick around her for a while. I would have to try to find the right opportunity to break free.
'If she is helping me out this much, I don't wish to get her into trouble. What's more, if she is saying all of these things, it means that she is a student of the academy. It makes me wonder what happened to her, to make someone so young dive into the world of Dark Magic.'
"You are risking a lot, and for that, I am thankful," Raze answered as he proceeded to take off his hood, showing his sincerity to her. When he did, his white hair was shown along with the rest of his features.
Now, seeing the full view of the person in front of her, she was a bit taken aback again. That was because the Dark Spirit didn't look like anything she envisioned at all. His face was relatively young.
He had the appearance of somewhat of a normal young adult male, apart from the color of his hair. She had expected the spirit to look a bit disfigured, or even like that of an old man, maybe a replica image of what she imagined the Dark Magus to look like, but it was none of those things.
"I guess if we are to enter the academy, the only way would be as my brother," Kelly answered. "This can work out. I should keep you updated on a few things just in case they ask a few questions.
"Just so you know, all my family are dead. I currently have no one, but I can state that you are someone who looked after me before. You are an adoptive older brother of mine and my guardian.
"This way, it wouldn't be so strange if there are some things that they ask that you don't know about. This leaves little room for error. As for my name, you can call me Kelly. Is there anything that you would like to be named as?"
Raze thought about it. He couldn't just be called Raze or Dark Spirit, so he would need an alias for the time being. That was when a certain person came to mind. He remembered the book that Charlotte had handed him, who was from Alter, the name on the book of Wind Magic spells.
"You can call me Jake," Raze answered.
"Alright, Jake," Kelly replied back. "The event lasts the entire day, so we can meet here tomorrow in the morning. When we reach the surface, we will change clothes, and I will provide you with something to wear. After that, we will go from there, and you can do what you need to do, and I can do what I need to do."
Raze agreed, and with that, his body soon started to disappear. As the Dark spirit left, so did Kelly, but she had a deep thought at the back of her mind, a worry.
"I hope it's okay, bringing him. The other students, they might try and interact with him. If that happens, I don't know how the Dark Spirit will react. I just hope they're all too busy with their own parents that they don't try to interact with me the same way they usually would."
Heading back, Raze found himself in the cave once more, and immediately he tried to sense the amount of mana that he had in his body. He was comparing this with the amount of time he had spent in Alterian. Because now, he would need to make the adjustments to his Qi pills that would keep his body going as he was in the other world.
'Things are looking up. Since I can spend a lot longer in Alterian, it also means I can use magic without it affecting my body as much as well. I guess just in case, I can set up some of the pills to activate when my mana drops below a certain amount as well.
'I need to prepare for anything.'
Before that, though, Raze wanted to test something else out. He changed the magic circle of the light blue pill to activate almost immediately, and in doing so, he used the astral projection technique again.
When he arrived in Alterian, he could tell that the effects of the light blue pill were working. He couldn't sense himself, the magic that was leaking from his body. So with the light blue pill's effects, he was confident that no one would figure out that he wasn't just like any other mage.
Immediately he canceled the technique and found himself right back where he was in the cave.
'Thankfully, there was still the lingering of Dark Magic in that place. Since I can only use the astral projection while linking it to something and that link is Dark Magic. Maybe it's because they have had their meetings in that place several times, I can appear there without having to link to the two of them.
'Still, I need to be careful with these Dark Magic links; otherwise, I could end up at a completely different place altogether, especially if there are other users of Dark Magic.'
With everything said and done, now all he needed to do with all the preparations complete was wait until tomorrow.
'Tomorrow, I will be heading back to the Central Mage Academy after so much time has passed. Thinking about that, it reminds me about the Pagna academy. I have probably been here longer than they thought. I wonder if everything is okay with them.' Raze thought.



Chapter 304 Stronger than the rest
At the Pagna Academy, the same assessment was still ongoing for the students, and now there was no doubt in their minds as every single one of them was aware of what the real assessment was.
It had come as quite a shock to several of the Red Headband students, and a change was slowly starting to occur. Those that had teamed up before were slowly starting to break away and split apart, feeling as if they could trust no one, and this was also true for the main disciples as well.
No longer did the main disciples stay together bunched up in a group toward the back; instead, they were still observing the ongoings, away from each other.
Mada was leaning up against the wall, away from the others, and he still couldn't get out of his head what he had seen that day.
'That Blue Headband student, he managed to defeat Ossep,' Mada thought. 'A student that was put in the lowest group possible was able to outmatch us main disciples. It had only been one week down here, right? Maybe a few more days at most, yet a student was able to improve that much?'
Mada was wondering what had just gone down in the other assessment areas for that to happen. From what he had seen so far in the current space, their strength wasn't improving but deteriorating, so it made him think, wonder if he could improve like that.
'I have to find a way to get stronger. It's no longer just for the sake of this assessment but for my life as well. If that's how strong a Blue Headband first-year student can get, then those from the second years might become unstoppable monsters.'
It wasn't just Mada that thought this, but many of the Red Headbands and main disciples were trying to figure out if there was some type of secret to growing stronger, or if it only happened when things got desperate.
Although there were some holding out, Tinson, Violet, and a student named Joe had stuck together for a while now. Originally, Tinson had attacked and accused Raze, hoping to beat him and join one of the other groups, but the situation had turned.
Now, for Tinson, he was relying on Raze. 'He will give us food, right?' Tinson thought. 'If he doesn't, then what will happen to me, what will happen to my friends?'
No one had seen Raze since the teachers had descended from above, but no one dared to ask. They all assumed that he was in the dark space somewhere alone. If they were to enter it or try to disturb the others, they would lose their lives.
Not a single person felt like they could best him anymore, and instead, they were thinking about themselves. As their hunger was starting to grow, their resentment was growing toward the teachers, the academy, and their clans that had placed them here.
In one of the seclusion rooms, heavy deep grunts were heard, and a loud smack that would echo through the hall filled the area. It was consistent, with the smack coming off every once in a while.
"Again!" Dame stated.
The wooden sword was chucked in the air, and immediately grabbing onto the handle of the sword was Liam. He then gathered his Qi as he swung it down, smashing it right against the back of Simyon.
He gritted his teeth, wanting to scream in pain, but instead, a deep grunt was heard. Not being able to take it anymore, Simyon fell to his knees, and blood spilled from his mouth.
"Simyon!" Safa said, as she rushed to his side and started to place both her hands on his back. A faint glow of white light shined, and he could feel his sore body recovering.
"Once you healed up, we need to go through this again," Dame ordered.
"Again," Liam said, sitting on the floor, his eyelids heavy. He was glad that Simyon had fallen because it was the only time he could get some rest as well.
"Do you not remember what happened? One of the main disciples was defeated," Dame explained. "That means if you want to survive, you need to get even stronger than the main disciples. So you have to act like every moment your life is on the line."
"You are quite lucky, Simyon, that you have the perfect situation that will allow you to refine your body to the next strength. With Safa's powers, she can heal your body, allowing it to recover quicker, and each time you recover, it will come back stronger."
"At the same time, Liam, you can focus on increasing your strength. As Simyon's body gets stronger, you need to focus on refining your Qi so you can continue to hurt or punish him in some way. The both of you need to get as strong as you can."
While the two would rest, Dame would also then do some personal training with Safa one on one. They tended to go into the dark space to do that, where there was more room.
Just as Dame promised, he was doing his best to get the three of them up to scratch, up to a strength where they could be useful for Raze and somewhat useful in taking down the main Clans.
'I don't expect them to individually be able to take on a clan master. That is something that not even I would be able to do, even with the item that Raze has given me. However, if they combine all their strength, they should at least be able to put up a good fight.'
Dame started to look at his own hands as he saw Simyon standing up from the ground, ready to go again. One thing Simyon never did was complain about the training, and he showed strong will in all of this.
'Me as well, I've been stuck at the 6th stage for a while now. If I want to get in all of this, I need to break through to the middle stage as well. Raze, we will all be strong enough to help you when you get back.'



Chapter 305 A New Fashion For Mages
After some shut-eye, Raze looked at the preparations that were made. He had changed a few things with the magic circles. For one, they would now be consumed every hour instead of every half an hour.
On top of that, if his mana dropped below fifty percent, then the Qi pill would be consumed anyway, giving him a chance to fight somewhat if there was a need to. His physical body was still more of an imitation, so using Pagna skills was pretty much a no-go, but he could still use magic.
Then, there were also a lot more light blue Qi pills that were to be consumed once in a while, allowing the effect of the mana leak from his body to be almost invisible to the naked eye.
So much preparation had been done, and finally, it was time for the meeting.
Closing his eyes, he started the Astral Projection technique as he had done before. The important part of the technique was making a connection with something from the Alterian world, and his connection was Dark Magic.
The Dark Magic that was lingering in the hideout he could move to, or the Dark Magic that was attached to the bodies of the other mages. The more Raze did this, the better he was at finding the connections.
Which was why, this time when he was focusing, he could almost feel multiple connections, different areas of Alterian that he could move to if he wished.
'I wonder if these are other Dark Magic users as well. I wonder what their situation is or has been that made them become this way. I am curious, but I need to focus on my own goal.'
Thinking about this, Raze went back to the weak connection he could feel. In the large building, there was still lingering Dark Magic, and he could feel another connection there already waiting. He assumed that this was Kelly, having already arrived.
After making the connection, he used the technique to its fullest and could feel a part of his body being dragged out from him. When his vision was coming to right in front of him, there was a single dark-robed figure.
"It looks like you made it in time. Come on, we don't want to be late and draw attention to ourselves," Kelly said, a little nervous because she thought that was somewhat impossible.
She was sure all the other students, even the teachers, would be expecting her to turn up with no one, and when she turned up with someone that was presumably her brother, they might try to start some trouble with her.
Both Raze and Kelly made their way through the slums of the underground city. They walked past many of the other people that were running about, and none of them seemed to pay them any attention.
Finally, they had reached the ladder upward and had exited out from the city. After which, Kelly had gone to a wall and pulled out a part of it, revealing two sets of clothes. One of them was the Central Mage Academy uniform.
While the other was a set of clothes for Raze. It was fancier than he expected. He himself was used to wearing robes, as did most of the professors or active mages.
But this, it didn't look like the regular clothing of Alterian. Instead, it fitted more like a fine suit over the top of him. Like a blazer jacket, only it hung further down past his waist and halfway up to his legs.
The clothing was primarily black in color, but there were white designs on the shoulder with swirling patterns on the jacket itself.
Then there was a regular pair of trousers and black shoes for him to wear, along with a rather thick belt. The centerpiece of the belt was white in color as well with a circular design.
"What is this?" Raze asked as he twisted and turned trying to look at his entire body.
"It's the latest trend in fashion for mages," Kelly explained. "We can't have you stand out wearing something strange. You are meant to have already graduated from the academy as well. Besides, it looks kind of nice on you."
Kelly wasn't lying either. The new clothing had brought out his broad shoulders and showed off his well-toned body. She had never noticed it before, but he had the proportions of an athlete rather than that of a mage.
This was because Raze had the body of a strong Pagna warrior, compared to mages who did next to no physical activity.
"If you say so, then I will accept this. Thank you for the gift. I will repay you for this, greatly."
Raze imagined that a student with no family couldn't have a lot of disposable income. Using his position, he felt like he was somewhat forcing her to do this, which made him feel a bit bad.
"Turn away, please," Kelly said, as it was now her turn to change into her uniform as well.
They were down a dark alley, and they could use magic to cover up themselves a bit, but they were in a rush, so she was just to get changed there and then.
'Why am I getting shy and nervous over a spirit? It's not even a real living thing, right? Just a creation of the Dark Magus,' Kelly thought, as she placed the last of her uniform pieces on.
She did realize, though, it really didn't feel like she was communicating with a spirit. She had heard of creations of mages having intelligence and a way to talk, but they sounded like systems.
They had next to no feelings in their voice. Would a spirit really state that they wished to pay them back? Which just made Kelly wonder more, if this wasn't a spirit, then who was this person that knew so much about the Dark Magus.
Their body certainly wasn't normal either.
With the new clothing, the two of them were out of the alleyway, and Raze could see the tall buildings along with the barriers and magic power that was in the air.
"This is Alterian... I'm back... It's time to head to the Academy."



Chapter 306 Counter Magic
Walking among the people during the day, no one took notice of Raze. There were naturally mages of all kinds out and about, so it was a good test to see if anyone could tell he was different compared to the others.
After the first test was complete, it was time for them to head to the Blink Rail, a special tube that floated through the city on set routes to reach several destinations in the city the quickest.
The last stop of the rail was the Central Mage Academy. Although it was claimed to be a part of the city, in truth, due to the sheer size of the academy itself and the things that went on in it, it was placed more on the outskirts of the city.
No one wanted a stray magic battle or spell to leak out and harm the public, so everyone was fine with this.
When entering the blink station, Kelly had tapped her ring, and the magic barrier descended. She did this twice, allowing for Raze to get through as well, and they eventually made it onto the station that seemed to be quite busy.
It was quite tricky for them, as Raze wished to get in a separate section of the train away from others because he still wasn't so confident that if someone touched him, they wouldn't know what exactly he was.
When finding a more relaxed place, Raze remained standing, while Kelly sat down.
"That ring, it's made by Idore. I know it is the payment system for the Alterian, but you should keep it off when you have other matters."
Kelly nodded and was thankful for the tip, even though she knew that already. She felt like it was nice, since the spirit was just looking out for her, but the more and more she learned about this spirit, the more she thought he wasn't one as well.
Looking up as the train went past, she noticed that 'Jake,' the name that she had been given by the Dark Spirit, was looking out at all of the buildings in the entire city. He was almost mesmerized by everything he was seeing.
She wanted to know just what he was thinking. While not looking away, the Dark Spirit seemed to have asked her a question.
"The current principal of the Central Mage Academy, who is it at the moment?" Raze asked.
"The principal, the principal of the Central Academy is principal of all of the Mage Academies in Alterian, so he isn't often in the academy itself, but it is Ibarin," Kelly answered.
Almost immediately, she noticed Jake's eyes sinking deep. They were focused, not staring at anything in particular but just thinking back to a deep memory. She knew that look, because it was a look that she would often have on her face as well, one when she thought of the time when she lost her entire family.
"We will need to be careful of Ibarin; he is one of the Grand Magus. Although I can fool many mages in here, with him, it might be a different deal altogether. If I am in a situation where I am forced to use magic, he might notice the strange reaction my body makes," Raze explained.
Kelly didn't quite understand because she didn't know what Raze was talking about, but it was the way his spirit body would work. Mana would be taken from the real body to keep its form, and when using spells, it almost took the energy from the spirit body and then the real body.
After using spells, the body would have a drastic drop in mana for a short while, and Ibarin might very well notice this.
'On top of that, if the two of us were to battle, even with my real body, I don't have the strength to beat him. An old snake of a friend, I just hope I can hold myself back if I see him again,' Raze thought to himself.
As the two continued on the train, Kelly wanted to fill the silence, and she had just the thing, as she was thinking about a particular question that was asked the other day.
"You seem quite knowledgeable in magic; there is a study that we have recently been learning. I was wondering if you would be able to help me."
Raze didn't reply back but looked down and gave a nod. As an ex-professor at the Mage Academy, he was sure he could give her a reply that would satisfy her.
"We were talking about counter magic, the teacher used Ember, a fire spell as an example, and was asking what the best example was. A student had answered with water spout, it was the textbook answer yet the teacher still stated that it was wrong or at least not the best answer, and I wanted to ask what answer would you give for this situation."
Hearing this, Raze smiled as it brought back some memories for him.
"You seem to have a good teacher if he stated that wasn't the best answer. Well, technically it's not incorrect, but I can help you with his line of thinking."
"There are almost two ways to phrase this question: What is the best spell to use to stop the fire spell Ember? If this was the question, then water spout would be the correct answer."
"But you were learning about counter magic, and the whole point of counter magic is countering a mage in a fight. Out of all of the spells, water magic is the slowest type of magic to conjure. Water spout doesn't allow the mage enough time to follow up with an attack of his own.
"A better option might be to use a wind spell such as gust and then follow up with a swipe. Since one is already using wind magic, the swipe spell will be able to activate even quicker. Sure, you might be hurt by a few flames here and there, but you would be able to deal a fatal blow."
"Whereas with water spout, even if you tried to use swipe, the gathering of wind magic would take slightly longer, and there are no other water spells that act as fast as they do with the wind."
Kelly's eyes lit up. The explanation that was given, she understood it perfectly, and the Dark Spirit had even used real examples for her to visualize in her head. She was starting to understand the real opportunity of counter magic.
"You seem to be very knowledgeable. Thank you for the answer," Kelly replied.
She wanted to ask more questions; if the Dark Spirit was this knowledgeable about magic in general, then what about the Dark Magic he knew? Surely he would know a number of spells that could improve her strength in this department as well, but she was just too shy to ask.
It was then that Kelly remembered something else as well; at one point, the Dark Magus had led an attack on the Academy, resulting in a high number of deaths. It was the event that truly showed how dangerous the Dark Magus was.
'The Dark Spirit, I wonder if he was there at that time, and how much he knows about it.'
The next stop is Central Mage Academy.
There was no time to ask.



Chapter 307 A second home
Getting off from the train, many other students started to descend as they had arrived at the academy. They walked through where the IDs of the others were shown and checked, and right at the gate of the school itself, Kelly needed to register her visitor.
It was a special day when students could register the visitors on the day itself due to how many people would be arriving. Finally getting through the security gate, the large academy could be seen in sight.
There was a large open area field that led up to the academy itself, around a mile walk. There were paved ways, grass, as well as pockets of flowers and more. There was even a large fountain spurting just in front of the academy itself.
As for the academy building, it was large in size but had an old feeling to it compared to the modern-day skyscrapers and other buildings in Alterian. It seemed to be in the style of a bygone era for the mages, but that was just how mages were.
The fashions seemed to hardly change, with materials and stylings staying the same. Which was why Raze was so surprised by the new snazzy blazer clothing he had, rather than the standard robes others would wear.
When looking around at the other students and the guests they had brought, they were wearing similar clothing, so it didn't seem to be something that was made up by her.
"Alright, we're finally here, we're both in the academy, and you are my older brother, remember that, right?" Kelly said. The question was asked in a way that it felt more like she was trying to reassure herself.
"I won't cause any problems for you," Raze answered. "We will go as planned; I will attend your classes and the afternoon event. If there is an opportunity to break off, I will do so. Or once the event ends, the two of us shall part ways."
Kelly was a little nervous about the second part of the plan. What did the Dark Spirit need from the academy in the first place? She never asked and didn't know. The one thing that the Dark Spirit reassured her about was that once he had obtained what he needed, he could escape out of the academy with no problem. There was no need for her to worry about that.
The two of them walked ahead with Raze somewhat quickening his pace; he was a little ahead of her. She noticed that it seemed more like a shred of excitement while she was feeling a shred of dread.
"Where is your first class for the day?" Raze asked.
"It's in section F, room 7," Kelly answered.
Once entering through the main gates, Raze had taken a right turn and was walking through the hallway and continued on. Kelly was taken aback as she saw this.
'He knows where the room is? I got lost for at least two weeks in this giant place looking for all the rooms. Even if he has visited this place once before, he shouldn't know where specific classrooms are.'
And yet, the Dark Spirit was leading the way, as if he was walking through his own home. More and more, the actions of the Dark Spirit were building up suspicion.
When Raze walked through the halls, he was mostly retracing fond memories, but once in a while, the old torn memories of the past would enter his mind, especially when he walked past the other students.
There was excitement in the air; the students were rowdier than usual as they talked with their parents and siblings who had come to visit them. They were showing off the academy, and equally, the parents were looking around, noticing the changes that had occurred since they were last there.
'The central academy, as usual, attracts some of the most prominent figures in Alterian.'
Raze didn't recognize any of the students, but he recognized some of their parents. Many of them were high officials in the government or wealthy individuals with old and new money.
This academy event had a hidden agenda behind it. It wasn't just for the students to show off their skills and their talent in front of others, but it was also a way for the adults to conduct business with each other.
'There is a lot of pressure on the kids in this event as well. They need to shine to be able to show that the future of these companies and families continues to stay strong. At a glance, some will say that this world is more developed compared to Pagna.'
'But all I see is the same evil spreading across, just hidden behind more layers.'
Eventually, they reached section F. The sign was glowing right above the large archway door and then on each side were the numbered classrooms.
The hallway to the class itself was already filled with children talking to each other and making introductions to other families. There were no displays of magic yet, but just parents trying to one-up another by talking about how well their businesses had been doing as well as their children in the Mage Academy.
Raze was ready to step in, but before he did, Kelly went to grab his shoulder, turning him around. When she did, she felt a strange energy bursting into her slightly. It felt almost the same as when she would hold onto a power stone.
She quickly let go and looked at her hand for a few moments.
"I see that even if you touch me, we can't fool anyone," Raze commented, seeing her reaction.
"I just wanted to say, it will be best if we just stay quiet for this whole thing and not stand out, okay?" Kelly asked, to which Raze nodded.
He had heard those words a few times though, to not stand out. Whenever this phrase was said though, something almost always seemed to happen.
Kelly lingered around in the F section; she was waiting for all of the parents and students to enter as she didn't want to be seen. Then when it quieted down a bit, she finally made her way inside through the doorway, and immediately, a student had spotted her.
"Oh, Kelly, you are here!" Aurora said with a smile. Standing by her side was a tall red-haired man who had the appearance of a prince. He was tall, elegant, and even his eyes were smooth as they gazed on those who entered.
"I see your eyes have caught the attention of my brother Alen. He is my guest for today, and I'm sure you know of him. He is in the Central Military and works under Enaxx. One of the youngest five-star mages in existence and is soon to break through as a six-star."
Kelly did know of him, and so did many others. Because he was working under Enaxx, another Grand Magus, and was presumed to be the next 9-star mage that Alterian had come to discover in a while.
Which was why he was under Enaxx rather than directly part of a country's military force of mages.
"I guess you didn't bring anyone here after all; I mean it's not like you can bring those back from the dead," Aurora smiled, and at that moment, walking right behind her, a white-haired figure had appeared and stayed standing behind Kelly.
 "Where do you usually sit, little sister?" Raze commented.



Chapter 308 The Handsome Stranger
The soft voice of Raze's had caught the attention of many who were in the front row. They had turned their heads to look at the one who had claimed Kelly to be his sister of all things.
Immediately, as judgmental people they were, they had decided to look the stranger's body up and down. They could see that he was well-clothed. They fit well onto his body, and his body was in spectacular shape.
Next, when looking at his skin, it was practically glowing with next to no impurities; there didn't seem to be a mark on his skin, and even though his hair was colored white, it looked incredibly healthy and vibrant.
They had never seen such a glowing person enter the room, and his appearance stood out nearly as much as Aurora's brother, Alen. All of this was because Raze had the body of a Pagna warrior.
Although Raze didn't realize this himself, but Pagna warriors were quite handsome and beautiful compared to their Alterian counterparts. This was because of the way the Pagna bodies worked as one would advance through the stages.
Each time impurities would exit from their body, making them have less of a human body, and in doing so, as Raze went up the stages, his body was becoming closer and closer to that of a Divine being.
Seeing this glowing person, the students at the front row couldn't help but whisper:
"Hey, did you see Kelly brought a hunk with her?"
"Wait, doesn't that mean she brought a family member? But I thought she was an orphan."
"Aurora told us, remember, that the town she was in, they were attacked by the Dark Magus. So many people were killed, and her mother, I think she killed herself or something."
"Wait, how did someone like that get in a place like this in the first place then?"
They were quite shocked to see Kelly bring someone. Many of them expected her to bring no one, and the person she had brought stood out quite a bit. Naturally, they were curious as to who he was.
Aurora's eyes were darting across the room; she could hear all of the others talking. The attention was on Kelly and the stranger, and it wasn't good at all.
"Well, are you not going to introduce him to your classmates then? It would be good for us to get to know each other, right?" Aurora asked.
Kelly was hoping that when they entered the classroom, no one would pay them any bother. That the two of them could just walk and head to their seats at the back. What she didn't count on was that Raze's appearance would attract so much attention.
Maybe it was because she knew he was a Dark Spirit, and not a real person, she didn't feel the same way as the others. Or maybe it was because she didn't have the time to care about one's appearance like the others did. She didn't quite foresee this happening.
"I had given him good clothing because I didn't want anyone to look down on him. If he wore some shabby clothes, I could already foresee Aurora saying all types of crap," Kelly thought, shaking her head. She then gestured her hand out toward Raze as she introduced him.
"As I'm sure many of you know, I have no family, but the person to my side I treat very well, like family of mine. Jake was in the same situation as me; he is from the same town as me and lost everything. The two of us have gotten close to each other, and ever since, we have treated each other like brother and sister. He is my older brother, of course," Kelly explained.
Hearing this brought a smile to Aurora's face again. Because she had learned that the person who had been brought was of no significance, just like Kelly herself.
"I see, well, it's a shame; I thought that maybe our families could connect with the others. Share information of what we know, and maybe talk about the new magical theories that are being implemented in the military and their uses. But I guess all of that would go over your heads. Why don't you just take a seat at the back and relax?" Aurora said with a smile.
Once again, the students who were standing close by to Aurora couldn't help but giggle away. The parents and family members that were with them didn't seem to even care about what their students were doing.
"Magical theories within the military?" Raze replied a little confused on this note.
Seeing this, Aurora nudged her brother, who was in the conversation with another, to get his attention.
"Brother, you were talking about these new magical tactics that are taking place in the military?" Aurora asked.
Alen looked at Raze, and looked at the people around; they didn't seem to be the type to be interested, but since his sister was asking, he thought he would just blabber on anyway.
"Well, the situation is quite complicated. In the past, a country's might was dependent on the powerful mages they held. In turn, there was then the creation of the mage academies as well as the Mage's Guild, and finally the creation of the Grand Magus.
"The Grand Magus now somewhat keeps a leash on the Guilds that try to support individual countries. Although nearly everyone in Alterian can use magic, just because one can use magic doesn't mean one is a mage.
"Because the Grand Magus is somewhat forbidding Mage Guilds to take part in battles, militaries around the world are getting mages to help in other ways that won't break the code set up by the Grand Magus.
"Magical theories are a term the military has started to use as a way of thinking up ideas of ways magic can be used in the military."
"Such as enchanted items?" Raze commented.
"Correct," Alen replied. "Mage advisors are being brought on to think of ways of helping the military to its best without breaking the rules. Now, the better advisor one has, the better the strength can be."
"Bullets could be enchanted with freezing spells," Raze commented. "Magic circles could be placed on bandages allowing Light Magic to be used as well to heal the wounded. It certainly would change the wars between countries compared to before."
A slight smile had appeared on Alen's face this time. He had never spoken to someone who was so interested in this topic, and had even come up with an idea that he hadn't thought of himself, such as the Light Magic circles.
"Ah, it looks like the class is about to begin," Alen stated. "I would love to pick your brain a bit more; hopefully, we have more chances to talk in the evening."
With that, Kelly walked past, along with Raze as they went to their seats, leaving Aurora a bit dumbstruck. That wasn't what she thought would happen at all. Many times, her brother would just sigh and wave the other person off once they had no clue what he was talking about.
 "Aurora, that person, he seems to have a lot of knowledge about magic," Alen commented. "It would be good if you became friends with her."
Hearing these words, Aurora had to bite her lip; she was shaking with anger. 'Friends with her, I would never, with that wench.' Her fist was shaking.
Alen turned around to have a look; because the man named Jake looked quite young, at most he had to be in his twenties, yet he knew so many formations and different uses of spells.
As Alen was one of the youngest five-star mages, he was quite competitive, and he kept track of all those that were of a similar age that were close to making the same achievements. So why did he know nothing about this person in question?
From his upper pocket, Alen pulled out a device, and he started to text away to his agent.
Look up what you can about a Mage named Jake. They would have to be a 4-star mage at least, around the same age as me, and get back to me... oh, and he has white hair, that should be a dead giveaway.
It was a few more minutes before the lesson would start and things were starting to settle in. That was when he received a text back.
Need more information. Because at the moment, based on what you asked, no such person exists.



Chapter 309 10/10
The students were seated in their seats, while the family members were currently standing. The room had around two hundred people with no wall inside, as there wasn't a limit to the number of guests one was allowed to bring in, and all of this was just in one classroom.
The teacher had walked in wearing the traditional style of clothing, a dark green-colored robe that slightly split at the bottom. It would drag across the floor, only his robe wasn't touching the floor. Instead, it was slightly hovering above it to not touch the dirt on the ground—an enchanted robe.
"No, this won't do," the teacher said, shaking his head as he looked up at all the parents. "Students, huddle up and come closer to the front. Stay in the same position that you are usually in, and family members, you are to stay in the back. Now please remember that today is still very much about the students, so please refrain from interrupting as much as possible."
The family members and students did as asked, shuffling about, moving to the back. However, one person in particular didn't move right away. Instead, the young white-haired man stood looking at the teacher in question.
'That's Professor Quartz, so he's still teaching here after all. At least I'm glad that the corruption of the academy didn't get to you as well,' Raze thought to himself as he hid his smile and began to move.
Being a professor, Raze was bound to run into more people that he knew and disliked, but he was happy to know that at least the class he was in now would be with one of the professors he got along with while he was here.
When Raze sat down, he had chosen a seat right up by the wall. This way, no one could sit on the other side, and he would just be next to one person. As for that one person, Alen had insisted that he be that person, pushing past the other family members who seemed to have no problem at all listening to his requests.
"I hope you don't mind," Alen said.
When Alen sat down, Raze scooched as close to the wall as he could, afraid he might touch him by accident. "I don't, but remember we need to stay quiet during the lesson."
Raze folded his arms, wishing to give the impression he wanted to stay distant, at least for the time being.
"Alright, that looks a lot better," Professor Quartz said, pushing his glasses up with his index finger. "Now, I want to continue with the lesson that we left off with tomorrow and talk about Counter Magic…"
The professor went on to explain a few basic counters and why it was important for a mage to know so many different types of magic. After a brief explanation, he handed out a quiz to each of the students.
On the quiz itself, there was a list of spells, and the students had to write down the counter spell that they would use if they were in that particular situation.
"Alright, time's up!" Quartz said, clapping his hands, and all of the test papers started to flow from their desks and were landing right where he was. He then lifted all of the test papers in the air. They were all showing up in front of him like a pack of cards. With his eyes, he scanned through each of the answers until he pulled out one in particular and placed it on the table.
"Whose answer sheet does this belong to?" the professor asked.
Immediately and proudly, Aurora stood up. "This sheet is mine, sir."
She recognized her own writing and was proud that she would be called. It was to be expected. There were over twenty spells on the sheet, and she remembered the counter to each of the spells perfectly. Seeing the answers, even some of the parents were nodding their heads, as they were quite surprised the last two could be answered so well.
"Do you remember my lesson to you yesterday?" the professor asked.
"Ah, yes, sir," Aurora replied, taken aback a bit.
"Then, do you mind telling me why you decided to put the counter spell for 'Ember' as 'Water Spout' again?" Quartz asked.
Aurora actually somewhat expected the teacher to maybe point this out, but she felt that before, there was nothing wrong with her answer, which was why she had placed it again. With the family members watching, wouldn't they surely call out the teacher for his wrongful assessment? That's why Aurora proceeded to answer.
"I still think that 'Water Spout' is the best counter for the skill 'Ember.' The flames from 'Ember' tend to spread out further than the targeted attack due to the properties of the fire. However, it is not a strong fire spell in itself. In order to counter it fully, the use of 'Water Spout' will be able to block out all of the attack."
Aurora was confident as she gave her answer, and many of those watching had agreed with what she said; they could see nothing wrong.
"She needs to think outside of the box a bit," Raze mumbled, and this didn't go unheard by her brother.
The professor shook his head; if he said the same stuff as he did yesterday, he knew she wouldn't understand. But when looking at the wall of answers, he could see one that stood out to him. He then placed Aurora's answer sheet to the side and placed another one down, projecting it so the others could see.
"And as for this answer sheet, the one that wrote the answer 'Gust,' could they please stand?"
Moments later, rubbing the side of her arm, Kelly stood up for the others to see.
"Of course she would put 'Gust,'" Aurora commented. "The wind spell would cause 'Ember' to go all over the place; it wouldn't even be able to completely stop the attack."
This was common reasoning; it was why nearly none of the students put a wind spell when it came to fire spells as a counter.
"Kelly, do you mind explaining your reasoning for using the spell 'Gust'?" the professor asked.
Nervous, she looked around the room; she wasn't used to being in this position, but she had given her answer anyway because the reason for her answer was all because of her new 'brother.'
"'Gust' is a wind spell, and wind magic is one of the fastest magics to conjure. Although the spell 'Gust' might not completely get rid of the flames, it will be enough to stop the main attack, only getting hit with a few marks here and there. If one were to be in a fight, then using wind magic, they could follow up with another wind spell after. I chose this spell because I was thinking of how useful it would be in battle and what would happen after."
After giving her answer, almost immediately, the professor started to clap. His loud claps were filling the sound of the whole room.
"Now, that is exactly how I wanted you all to think when thinking about Counter Magic, that is a 1010 answer."
Quickly, Kelly went to sit back down. She didn't want any more attention, and Aurora, she couldn't help but turn back around and look at her.
 'That damn girl, what is she trying to do? Is she trying to say all of that just to embarrass me? She could have just moved on or something. What the heck? Does she think she's better than me just because she got one answer right?'
'You want to talk about counter magic, well, in a real fight, let's see how you guys will do then. I could beat you with just a few spells. You are not important in this world; you are nothing, so why the heck are you trying to stand out?'
The blood was pumping furiously around her body. This was her day, her day of glory, her day to show her family and others that she was also special. She was just as good as everyone else, and it was now being completely ruined.
The bell rang, marking the end of the lesson, and it was time for their next class, Practical Magic.



Chapter 310.1 Practical Lesson (Part 1)
The first lesson of the day had come to an end, and thankfully, Kelly didn't think the whole thing had gone so badly. She was even able to get praise from the professor, which had never happened before.
In fact, there was a rumor going around that Professor Quartz never gave perfect scores to students. Some thought he was just being stubborn as a mage, stating that they were a race that always needed to continually learn, because of that, there couldn't be a perfect answer.
It turned out that wasn't true at all.
As Kelly went to grab her things from her desk, closing them up and placing a special ring device on her finger, she turned her head to look back at 'Jake.'
'Honestly, it wasn't because of me that I got that perfect answer; I just repeated what you said,' Kelly thought as she let out a small smile toward him. 'I don't know if you're really the Dark Magus' puppet, or you're just someone who knew him really well, but it's quite clear that you're a knowledgeable person.'
'I don't think that's something a spirit would be capable of. I can't shake this feeling, but it seems impossible, and even if that was the case, then doesn't that mean most of what the world knew was completely wrong?'
Keeping these thoughts to herself, it was time for them to head off to the next lesson. Kelly had gone down, exiting out of the doorway into the hallway, and stayed there for a moment.
The adults walked past, a few of them saying a few words as they did.
"An excellent answer; it's hard to get praise from Professor Quartz. You seem to be quite the talented individual; here, take this." One of the parents handed over a card, and it was a guild card. It was an invitation for Kelly to work in their guild.
"Thank you so much for this," Kelly said with a small bow, and when she lifted her head, there were quite a few others who were handing out different cards to her. Not just guild cards, but business cards and more.
It was only one question, so she was quite stunned by the number of offers she had gotten and how much the opinion of others had changed. But this was all because each person was trying to get ahead of the other. There was a good chance that Kelly might just become a nobody, no one of significance, but getting Quartz's approval there, was in their minds, a slightly higher chance that she could be someone special, and no one wanted to give that up.
In a few years, they would have kicked themselves in the foot if they had learned Kelly had become someone significant, and they hadn't even tried to make an offer. After all, not all of the parents in the central academy were the owners or leaders of these establishments; they just worked for them.
Not wanting to seem rude, Kelly had accepted nearly all of the cards, but she did have a thought on her mind.
'I won't be joining any of the guilds or other businesses because I'm already part of the Dark Guild, and that is where my loyalty lies.'
Just as she thought that, the person who she had been waiting for outside the door had appeared.
"Let's go," Kelly said with a smile, walking side by side with Jake. Tilting her head, she went to have a glance behind her.
"What's wrong?" Raze asked.
"Nothing, it just felt like something was touching me," Kelly answered.
It wasn't just in her imagination though, because Raze could feel it too. The magic that was swirling in the air, there was a strong amount of bloodlust out there.
Raze was starting to think about his own situation; so far, two of the Qi pills had been consumed. He still had plenty to go through throughout the day. If all things worked out well, then after the evening event, Raze could quickly go to his secret vault and grab the items that he needed.
'If I can, the best chance might be at the event itself. My old classroom, it was in section A, at the top floor of the academy. People will wonder why I'm hanging around there if they see me. So let's see what this evening event has in store.'
The practical lesson took place in an arena that was built into the academy itself. There was a circular dueling platform, and then further around it in a larger circle was a pit of sand.
After that, there was also seating for spectators to watch. Once in a while, great events would be put in the arena, and the general public was also allowed to enter and watch, but for now, all of the family members would be taking place watching.
Raze went ahead and took his seat in the stands along with the others, and just like the time before, Alen had also tried to take a seat next to Raze, but he raised his hand before he sat down.
"I don't mind you being close to me," Raze said. "But I have a small issue with personal space. I promise this has nothing to do with you, and I respect you, but do you mind being one seat over?"
Rather than acting strange or weird, Raze thought it was best to just give a plausible explanation that would kill Alen's curiosity, who seemed to respect the decision and decided to take a seat one over.
The person to Raze's right, who had overheard the conversation, had done the same. Looking in front of him, Raze noticed that there was a special device attached to the stand wall.
"It's a magical barrier," Alen explained. "It uses beast crystals and with a magical circle built into the device. These fights sometimes can get a little spicy. It's to stop attacks from coming out here and to stop attacks from the outside from getting in. Not that you were planning to intervene, right?"



Chapter 311.2 Practical Lesson (Part 2)
The students were spread out in the arena. They had been on the platform multiple times before, most of the time practical lessons took place outside, as certain spells were being shown to the students, the basics of the basics.
However, practical lessons like the one they were currently taking were a little different compared to normal. Every mage was a bit different, specializing in different attributes, and there were set professors that would specialize in one or two attributes.
Students at the start of the school year would then need to sign up for the classes they wished to attend and would be on rotation with those teachers that they had selected. So many of the students that were currently together now hardly saw each other as they would be off with their own individual tutors.
Once a month, though, the regular class would gather together for a lesson, and when this happened, they would do so in the arena room because there was only one reason as to why they would gather.
"Alright, everyone!" The teacher clapped his hands, and a magnified clapping sound was heard that blew wind out, fluttering the hair strands of the others.
The professor stood there with his short, light green-colored hair. Another professor that Raze knew well, a man that went by the name Professor Trin. He had to be in his sixties by now, yet he had the appearance of someone in his thirties.
There was no doubt in Raze's mind that he had to be using some off-market products, which would be considered illegal. It was one of those things that were accepted by the world of Pagna as many did it, but it was still the abuse of illegal substances, since there would be some side effects from using such items.
'Well, I guess this would make sense,' Raze thought. 'I saw one professor that I used to get along with, and now one that I completely dislike; it's only natural, especially since there are more that I don't like than like.'
Raze couldn't put his finger as to why he didn't like Professor Trin too much; the only thing he could think of was the fact that they were both mainly Wind Magic users originally, so they saw each other as rivals. What was noticeable about Trin was the large scar that went up across his face.
'Ah right… and I was the one that did that to him as well when I attacked the academy,' Raze shook his head inwardly. 'It's best I don't stick out in this class as well.'
"Today's lesson is, as you might have guessed, a sparring session!" Trin proclaimed with a happy smile on his face. "What better way to show your strength as a mage than through sparring with each other. Show what you've learned and the future potential that you have within each other.
"For now, I will set the ground rules for you all. I don't believe there is a student under the second star level here. So the rules will be as follows: you are allowed to use any magical attributes as you wish. No one is permitted to use above 2-star level magic when fighting."
"This should be fine, as all your uniforms are enchanted anyway. So they will be able to protect you even if you are hit by a few direct spells. If things look dangerous or one-sided, I will stop the fight."
"We also have a Light mage on standby in case one of you gets wounded a little too much, but you're all friends here, so I doubt that will happen."
The rules were set, and the family members were just as nervous as the students were. This spar put a lot of pressure on them for a number of reasons. For one, their parents were watching, and a loss would mean that the future generation of one family was weaker compared to another.
The family members felt this way as well, so they were nervous watching and hoping for the best. There were those that just knew the place and strength of their students and didn't care though, but judging by the look on the faces of the family members, that was a very few.
"Alright, let's see, Amy!" Trin asked. "Why don't you go ahead and pick an opponent for yourself."
Amy was a little nervous as she rubbed her arm up and down, but as she looked around the room, she had eventually chosen her opponent. "I choose Gary."
She had picked someone who she believed would be at a similar strength to her. For one, she didn't want it to seem like she was weak, selecting an opponent that was far worse than herself.
At the same time, she wanted to win her match, so she had chosen someone who she thought she could do well against.
The two of them stood in the center of the platform, while the rest of the students stood out on the sand part. They had picked an area where they weren't blocking the few adults' view.
Inside the platform itself was Trin acting as a ref like that in a boxing match. With his wind magic, he was quite confident in himself that he could act before anything serious happened.
"Begin!" Trin called.
Immediately, the two students pulled out their hands, and both of them at the same time had cast out a wind spell swipe. A sharp energy of wind collided with each other, breaking and hitting one another.
The two of them continued to use spells, and it was a spectacular show. What came to the realization for both of them was due to their strength being equal and them being limited to 2-star spells, they needed to get creative in their thinking.
In the end, Amy had set a trap on the ground, and had forced Gary back with wind attacks. When Gary was in a certain position, she used an ice spell to freeze his foot, and threw out another wind attack.
Before the wind attack had hit, Trin had stepped in, swinging his hand, breaking the attack before it hit.
"Looks like we have our winner; what a great performance." Trin clapped, and so did the adults watching.
They were happy with what they had seen from both ends. They realized that the rules had been set up in a way that didn't prove that one was stronger than the other in the real world due to limitations and more so showed how good their quick thinking was.
"Alright, shall we move on? Don't worry; we will give a chance for every student to show what they have today," Trin commented.
Hearing these words didn't instill confidence in them all. Especially for Kelly; ever since she had started to learn Dark Magic, magic in her other attributes was more so lacking. She had been fascinated with learning and improving her strength in this department, especially after learning its destructive power. There was a time she knew she would have to use it, which was why it was her focus.
"Alright, let's see how one of our talented students fares; Aurora, would you like to pick your opponent?" Trin asked.
Hearing her name, Kelly's heart gave a loud thump as words from the other day rang in her head.
"Of course, and I have the perfect student in mind; I select Kelly," Aurora answered.



Chapter 312.3 Practical Lesson (Part 3)
Kelly should have seen this coming from a mile away, and in some cases, she did. The only thing she was hoping for was that the teacher would ask her to pick an opponent, but Aurora was the favorite in nearly every class.
Maybe it was because of her family, or maybe because she was a suck-up, which most teachers enjoyed, apart from someone like Professor Quartz. Either way, what was done was done, and reluctantly Kelly had to make her way up to the platform.
"Well, this is a bit awkward, isn't it?" Alen commented from the stands. "It looks like it will be my sister against yours. I have you know that when it comes to practical magic rather than theoretical, I have no doubt that she is one of the best; she is already a 3-star mage close to becoming a 4-star mage, and she also knows how to breakthrough."
Hearing this, Raze had to admit that was impressive for a student, especially the part about knowing how to breakthrough. Using the magic core to overload the user with an attribute of mana, giving them an immense burst of power. It was something that even with all the knowledge that Raze knew from his past, he couldn't currently do, but that was because he had a Dark Core, and no one knew how to breakthrough with a Dark Core, at least not one that was recorded in the history books.
"Do you care to make a wager?" Alen asked. "Let's say that your sister won the battle of knowledge in the last class. In this class, I want to bet that my sister will best yours, and in turn, if my sister wins, I want to learn more about who you are?"
The tone of voice used and the way the question was asked, Raze could tell it was almost as if the other already knew something about him, but Alen wasn't someone he needed to worry about too much, at least not in that regard.
"A wager, doesn't that mean if Kelly wins, I should get something in return?" Raze asked.
"Ah yes, you are right; I guess let's say I will owe you a favor. A one-time favor for you. A favor of someone in my position as a high Military Advisor and a future Grand Magus can be a powerful thing."
Looking at the situation in front of him, Raze didn't really know if Kelly could win or not, and he couldn't intervene, so it would be a gamble for him. As for the types of questions the other would ask, who knew what they were.
'He just wants to build a stronger connection with me; for him, it's a win-win, but it's not like I will tell him much, I have nothing to lose out of this as well,' Raze thought.
"All right, you have a deal," Raze replied.
The two students were standing on the platform, while the rest of them were on the outer sand, watching and waiting patiently for their turn. Both Aurora and Kelly faced each other.
"Kelly, I will let you shine a little in this assessment; don't worry," Aurora said. "This is a time for both of us to use our skills, and besides, the two of us are limited to just 2-star spells anyway."
"Begin!" Trin said, not wishing for the two of them to talk any longer.
"Let's see how well you deal with this, Ember!" Aurora shouted out.
Flames spurted out from her hands, and they started to spread out slightly as they got closer to Kelly. Seeing this, she decided to jump out of the way, and when she did, she swung her hand out.
"Gust!" She called out.
A large sweeping wind blew the flames out to the side, and as they went off the area, they started to disperse with a few small flames touching Kelly's cheek. Just as Kelly went to look up, she could see a flame ball coming right at her.
"Water ball!" Kelly conjured the water magic, but it was a bit too slow; the ball had formed and shot out, but when it hit the flame ball, it was already right on her. The fire had exploded, pushing Kelly to the ground.
But quickly she had rolled and stood up on her two feet. Looking at her opponent, all she could see was the large smile on Aurora's face.
"You see, your theory and practical are two different things. In the fighting department, it looks like you fail," Aurora said as she threw out two small Ember strikes, streams of fire from her hand going toward Kelly.
Seeing this, Kelly was wondering what to do, and that's when she started to remember the conversation she had with 'Jake' on the train.
"I just need to do it properly and not get scared of getting hurt!" Kelly said to herself as she charged forward. In doing so, she swung her arm, and used Gust, hitting one of the Ember flames; most of the attack spread out, but part of the attack had grazed her.
She then used the skill again, on the next Ember, and the same had proceeded. Breaking through the flames, Kelly had appeared her cheeks a little blackened, but she was mostly unhurt.
"Wind Swipe!" Kelly shouted, and a line of wind attack appeared, cutting straight across Aurora's chest.
It had hit her, and she stumbled slightly, but as she did, she gathered both hands and pointed them to the floor.
"Fireball!" The attack exploded on the ground and covered the area slightly in smoke.
When the smoke disappeared, the two students could be seen, both of them only looking slightly hurt.
'That's a bit odd,' Raze thought. 'The last match was stopped the moment a Wind Swipe was going to hit the other student. Although Aurora has received no damage, it's because of the enchanted uniform. Is the teacher being a bit biased, allowing her to show more of her skills?' Raze thought to himself.
"My sister is quite talented in the fire magic department like all of our family. It seems she has taken her opponent too lightly though," Alen commented.
"You are right about that; did you not know something about Kelly?" Raze asked.
Alen raised an eyebrow, unsure of what he meant by this.
"I guess you don't; not many would bother to pay attention to an orphan like her, but there is a reason why, with no family backing to help her, she is in this academy," Raze stated.
He thought back to the question he had asked her on the train because it was something that had been bugging him for a while. There were more than one mage academy in each country. So with Kelly being who she was, why was she in Central Academy, the hardest academy to get into?
 "Because even though she is a first-year student like that of Aurora, she is also a 3-star mage as well," Raze answered; his voice sounded a little as if he was bragging, as if he was actually talking about his sister.
Being back on Aurora, almost for a moment, he had forgotten everything.
"I see." Alen smiled. "Well, I still think my sister's going to win, so get ready to tell everything about yourself to me."



Chapter 313.4 Practical Lesson (Part 4)
Regardless of what had happened so far, the match was continuing on between the two. Both of them had suffered from minor magical attacks, although one could argue that if it wasn't for the enchanted uniform Aurora was wearing, she would have been far worse off between the two.
'What 'Jake' taught me worked. The Embers, although they still hit me, it didn't hurt as much. I don't have much experience using my spells when it comes to real fighting, so I guess now is the best time!'
Rather than waiting, Kelly decided it was best for her to be on the attack. She knew that Aurora specialized in Fire magic, and although it was powerful, the major problem with Fire magic was that if used in too close proximity, it could end up hurting the other person, so if she was close, then she wouldn't have to suffer from fire spells being used on her.
When Kelly got in close, a sharp swipe of wind had come right at her. She had stopped in her tracks, and the attack narrowly managed to miss her.
"Did you think I couldn't use something as simple as Wind magic as well?" Aurora asked as she continued to swing her hand, casting the spell Wind Swipe.
In order to counter this, Kelly could only do the same, as she swung her hand back, casting the spells, but all it was doing was equaling out to each other. While trying to block the attacks, it wasn't giving her enough time to think about what to do next, what the best bet would be.
"A Whirl of Wind!" Aurora cast, and a small spiral of wind that was visible came out toward Kelly, but when she saw its path, she noticed that it wasn't going toward her. To which Kelly decided to ignore and continue dealing with the Wind Swipes.
"A Whirl of Wind!" Aurora cast again, and another trail of wind had gone straight past. When the attack missed though something strange was happening.
Those that were watching from the outside could see. The spell that had been used, when the attack missed, the wind was continuously spinning in place on the ground. It didn't look to be harmful, but had the appearance of a small tornado. Wind was being blown, but even when Kelly was next to it, it didn't seem to do anything. Only her hair would slightly feel as if it was being pulled toward the small tornado.
As the fight continued, Aurora had done this a third time, and now on the battlefield, in three different areas, the three small tornadoes were on the edge of the platform.
Watching from his seat, Raze had lifted himself and stood up. "Don't tell me that idiot is really thinking of doing that!" Raze said as he noticed something.
"Hey, have you noticed that your sister is going to lose this fight? You know you can't just go in and get involved, right?" Alen commented, and he was looking at Raze's fingers; they were twitching, which had gotten him so concerned.
Aurora then stood away, stopping her relentless attack of Wind Swipes, and stood in between two of the small tornadoes.
"I just want to note that everything I have done has been within the rules, so protect yourself." Aurora smiled.
"Wind Combine!" Bringing her hands together, the three small tornadoes went to combine. One had come from behind where Kelly currently was, but she managed to push herself out of the way. Then all three of the tornadoes had met in the middle, and when they did, they had combined into a large one.
The wind was a lot more powerful now, but it still was a normal wind spell. It still wasn't even the size of a regular tornado, more like that of a mini one that filled the platform; its destructive power wasn't enough to cause a mess.
That was until Aurora placed both of her hands toward the tornado. "Ember!"
Two forms of Ember went and were drawn in, and fire started to spiral in the tornado. "Water Spout!"
Water left her hands and joined the giant tornado that was growing; it started to grow dark, and to finish it off, she had one more spell.
"Fireball!"
The fire left her hands, and in that instant, Trin knew exactly what was about to happen.
'That whole thing, it's going to explode and set off fire in all directions! And with the combination of spells, it will be too much for the enchanted uniform to protect, I... I have to protect the students.'
The tornado exploded, and immediately Trin pushed himself off the platform in front of the students. He then raised both of his hands.
"Wall of the Mightiest Winds!" Trine cast.
The mass tornado in the middle had done exactly as Trin expected, and it had exploded. It expanded out covering the sight of everything in smoke and flames. The heat was intense as it went to hit everything in sight. The attack extended out to the point where it had even hit the barrier which had been activated to block the attack.
The entire area was filled with smoke, and eventually the flames started to die down along with everything else.
"Is everyone okay?" Trin asked his students.
All of them had been protected from the attack. From the combination magic that was used.
When looking at the stage, they could see that Aurora was standing; she knew what was coming and had cast a 3-star spell to protect herself, using a barrier of water magic.
In the stands, none of the adults were hurt, and Alen had his hands out. "The attack, it managed to get through the barrier; I had to use a spell to block it as well, but how is that possible?"
When looking at the barrier, Alen could see that a part of it was broken. It looked almost as if it was melted. Then, straight ahead, Kelly was on the floor, shocked by the attack, but was unharmed because there was a single mage standing in front of her with white hair.
"Did you know what you just tried to do?" Raze asked, his hand pointed out toward Aurora.



Chapter 314 A punishment is needed
The spell that had been used by Aurora was a combination spell. It was something that not many mages knew about until later in life due to how dangerous they could be. Use the wrong amount of magic or wrong spells, and the effects could be disastrous.
With Raze being who he was, he had noticed it straight away. The way she was acting, the way the other student wanted to win, and what tipped him off the most was the look in her eye. He had seen that look before on others.
The bloodlust that they were able to feel in the hallway, it had to be from her, and she was going to act on it, by using a spell that would kill the others. In the situation they were in, she could claim it was an accident.
How was she meant to know that the combination of those spells would cause things to act like that? Which was why Raze was quick to act. He moved from his seat, and the barrier was the first problem.
However, there was one type of magic that would allow him to break through it, a magic that was known for its pure destruction: Dark Magic. Using it, he broke through the barrier and rushed to the other side.
The smoke had covered everyone, so they were unaware of what was happening. In all of it, though, what worried Raze the most at that time was the fact that he could only use his wind magic to speed himself up to reach Kelly.
By the time he had reached her, he didn't have time to cast a spell; he had no choice but to grab onto her, to shield her with his own body from the spell. He could feel the magic being drawn out from his body at that moment and time.
His body was special; he knew he wouldn't die, and any attacks that would harm the body would just end up drawing more mana. In that moment, the Cursed Qi pill had activated due to his Qi reaching lower than 10 percent, and with his body protecting her, he had time to cast a wind spell to block most of what was happening.
Standing on his feet, the smoke had cleared, and now Raze had his hand pointed toward Aurora.
'Because of the stupid actions of this girl, my backup was taken away from me.' Raze thought to himself. He still had plenty of regular Qi pills he could use to restore his mana, but with the Cursed Qi pill being used up, after a minute, several of them would have to be used to restore his body back to a certain amount, and then how many would he have left, how much time would he have left?
'I don't think anyone managed to catch what I did... but now my chances of getting to my vault might have been ruined. I still have a minute left; should I just?'
Holding out his hand, Raze was tempted to use Dark Pulse right there and then. The attack would go through her heart, killing her in one go. She had tried to kill one of his Dark Guild members; she had tried to attack those close to him, just like the others did before.
If he didn't get rid of her now, then she would just do it again?
"Stop!" Trin shouted. "Family members are not allowed to get involved in academy affairs."
The adults were shocked about what to do as well, and even Alen was standing up from his seat.
'Damn it, what did my stupid sister do! She just attacked everyone, and she could have killed everyone. Right now, that guy has every right to be angry, but this is my sister; I can't let her get hurt!'
There was still time within the remaining minute; Raze could use his magic, and if he did, he wouldn't die, but then what about Kelly?
"You protected me," Kelly said from behind. "Why... did you do that?"
Although she was doing him a favor, based on his actions, short responses, and more, Kelly was unsure anyone would risk their own to protect her. There was no one left in her life; the idea of someone protecting her, it was foreign.
"You promised to help me with my cause," Raze answered. "So I at least have to do this much, besides you weren't the one at fault."
Raze then decided to place his hand down by his side; no longer pointing it at Aurora. He could feel the minute had gone past, and now the regular Qi pills were activating to the point his body would return to at least above fifty percent of its regular Mana.
There was still a chance; there was still time to get what he needed.
"Why didn't you help her?" Raze asked. "Why didn't you try and save her life as well?"
When asking this question, the 'her' he was referring to was Kelly.
"The attack, I realized it too late. I had to make a choice, whether to save all of the students or one of them. I understand that you're frustrated since your sister could have gotten hurt, but you should understand from my point of view," Trin replied.
The professor was still in shock himself; he had realized what was going on, but he was surprised to see someone else had done so as well, and for someone to have gone from the stands to the platform, they had to have noticed it a while ago.
"As I thought," Raze replied as he went to walk away from the platform back to his seat. "That's just an excuse; you're simply just stating that you're not strong enough. If it was me, then I would have been able to protect them both."
It was a clear insult to Trin, and he had to grit and bear his teeth. He wanted to shout back, argue, saying who was he to criticize him. What does he mean he could have saved both?
However, he was in a situation where he was somewhat in debt to the family member. Because if a student had died, then he surely would be punished.
'Ah, what does it matter?' Trin thought. 'She's just an orphan; the rest of these students have powerful families. If I had let any of them die, then I would have lost my job, of course I chose them.'
Now, though, the question was, what exactly was going to happen to Aurora.
"...his eyes... he was... I could feel it; he really was going to kill me." she mumbled to herself.



Chapter 315 A bet is a bet
A little too much was going on, to the point where no one knew who was watching, where to focus, what was going to happen next, and so on. Everyone somewhat just looked at Raze as he was walking back to his seat.
He passed by others and sat down with his arms folded, the look on his face even more displeased compared to before. If he looked unapproachable before, it was the case even more so now.
However, his actions did spark interest from them all, as they started to wonder just who was Kelly's brother. How was someone able to act so fast and so quickly in time? Even more so, how did he get through the barrier?
The teacher of the lesson, Trin, was trying to get things moving forward again, and in an attempt to do this, he started to walk over to the one person who was the cause of all of this, Aurora.
Making his steps onto the platform, before he had even reached her, sobs were being heard.
"I'm so sorry!" Aurora cried as she covered her mouth and face into her arms, trying to wipe them away, her voice muffled. "I never knew that was going to happen. I just wanted to win the fight so bad."
"I just wanted to show what I could do."
Originally, Trin thought he should punish Aurora, but was there a need to? According to his rules, she had stayed within what he had set. Maybe it was his own overconfidence that led to this accident happening, believing he could save everyone no matter what had occurred.
And in the end, no one had gotten hurt.
"Apologize to everyone directly. A full-hearted apology," Trine ordered. "We were lucky that no one got hurt."
Aurora wiped away her tears one more time as she agreed, nodding her head, and immediately went to each of the students that were in the sand on the side. She bowed her head, apologizing to each of them one after the other.
After that, she went to where the adults were sitting as well, and gave them one bow, apologizing to them all. Finally, there was one more person to apologize to, and that was Kelly, who was still on the platform and still on the ground.
"I'm sorry for what happened. I hope you can find it within me to forgive me."
Kelly wasn't sure, but when she bowed down, she thought she could see a slight smirk, but it quite easily could have been her imagination as well.
With the apology done, Trin wanted to get things moving on and for everyone to try and forget about what had happened as soon as possible. He explained a set of new rules.
Combination magic was not allowed, and in this assessment, one spell would have to be used at a time, not two in conjunction so that a real accident couldn't occur.
Most mages did this anyway for fear of what would happen when combining spells, but with these new rules, he hoped nothing would occur.
With that, the spars continued to take place as students went on to face each other one after the other. The adults continued to watch, and eventually, in the crowd, Alen decided to speak up.
"The young ones can do foolish things sometimes, right?" Alen commented. "They think too much with their emotions rather than their heads. Which is why I thank you for not harming my sister."
Raze didn't want his thanks. If he was still at the nine-star level and was confident enough that he could deal with everyone that was in the room while bringing Kelly out of it, he would have acted on his attack.
"Anyway, I guess we can say that my sister is the clear winner, so you need to tell me about yourself, right?" Alen asked with a smile.
"What?" Raze replied, turning his head. "The fight was aborted due to your sister's actions."
"Yes, but you have to admit, she followed the rules. She had only used 2-star spells just as stated. If it was a real fight, then Kelly would have lost. You must be able to see that, right?" Alen asked.
"Did you see everything?" Raze asked. "If we are going by your rules, then wouldn't your sister have lost the actual fight?"
"What do you mean?" Alen was watching everything carefully. If Raze hadn't intervened, then he, for sure, knew that Kelly would have lost.
"Your sister, in order to protect herself, she used a 3-star spell. If she hadn't done that, then her own combination attack would have hurt her just as much as it did Kelly," Raze answered.
Alen was ready to say something, but he knew Raze was right. He didn't see her use the spell, but it was the only explanation as to how she managed to get out unscathed.
Kelly was a 3-star mage as well but had used no 3-star spells. In reality, if they were both 2-star mages, they both would have gone up in flames.
"It seems my sister has ruined a good opportunity for the two of us to get closer together," Alen tapped the bottom of his chin as he started to think.
"Wouldn't you say this is a draw? You intervened in the fight as well; let's just say that both students got disqualified," Alen smiled.
"Because it is determined as a draw, I will be kind and give you one favor from me. As promised. But in return, do you mind answering one question of mine, and you have to answer it honestly."
Alen reached in, and he pulled out a device that looked like a pocket watch. From where Raze was, he couldn't see it clearly, but if he were to take a guess, it was an enchanted item.
"Depends on what the question is?" Raze replied.
"I thought as much. It's a simple question, really. What Star Mage are you?" Alen asked.
The question was a simple one, so Raze gave a simple answer. "I'm a 3-Star Mage."



Chapter 316 Running out of time
When Raze gave his answer, Alen looked down at the pocket device in his hand. It wasn't the answer that had made him react, but instead, the device that made his eyes nearly pop out from his head.
"You're telling the truth," he mumbled to himself. "But how?"
As Raze thought, the device in his hand was a rare enchanted item that could detect if a person was lying or telling the truth. Due to the question asked, Raze knew he had nothing to lie about.
"Telling the truth in this situation should also get his interest off my back," Raze thought to himself.
It was obvious as day that Alen was interested in who he was. Perhaps the conversation the two had had made Alen think highly of Raze or believe that the two of them could be some type of rival.
Raze knew that feeling well; the top was more of a lonely place than one would think. Usually, one would gain joy in beating others and being better than them, but when you were at the top, that was when you started to welcome competition more.
The competition of someone being able to match you gave you excitement, and now Raze needed to extinguish this excitement.
"Now I know," Alen thought. "I know why we weren't able to find any information on him because he's not special at all. He's just a normal mid-level mage."
A 3-star mage was a good achievement for those who were still young, but at a certain age, there would be those who would stop developing their skills. It would happen to some, and they would remain at the same star level for the rest of their life.
Three stars were the middle line for most mages: nothing special, not horrible, but not in the same realm that Alen wanted to participate in.
"I am a man of my word," Alen smiled. "I owe you one favor whenever you wish, and although you may not be the strongest, you seem to be quite knowledgeable."
When saying these words, Alen was looking at the barrier. Part of it had been destroyed, and he still wasn't quite sure how. He thought about it himself, and an incredibly powerful condensed type of magic would need to be used.
If not that, an item or a high-tier spell, this was the last of his curiosity, but Alen would have to nip it in the bud because it wasn't worth his time to chase after a 3-star mage; he was above that.
The rest of the assessments continued one after the other, and finally, the spar was over. The group continued as they went to the next lesson, and Raze continued to watch.
There seemed to be some words spoken by Alen and his sister, because she didn't speak up after that. There was no gloating or showing off, even when the teachers asked her to display some answers.
She just did as she was told and didn't even seem to stare toward Kelly. On one of the walks on the way to the next lesson, Kelly was by the side of Raze, and she had decided to open up again.
"Thank you again," Kelly said. "I really mean it. I know I said thank you from before, but I know you must have taken some type of big risk to help me."
"I was the one that said you shouldn't stand out, and well, we did stand out, but it was because you wanted to protect me."
"I wanted to do a lot more than that," Raze mumbled under his breath, thinking back to his thoughts. As these lessons were going from one to another, more pills were being used up, and he was trying to calculate how much time he had left.
"Anyway, I promise that I will stick to the cause and will find out any information you wish. I would have still done this before, but I just wanted you to know that I won't go back on my word," Kelly stated.
There was something else she wanted to ask, she wanted to bring up, but she wasn't sure it was the right time. The thoughts in her head: was he really a spirit, a puppet, a creation, or an actual life? Was it quite possible that this was a person? And if that was the case, could it be... was 'Jake' actually the Dark Magus? Was he still alive?
It was a crazy thought for her to have. The age didn't match up, the level of magical abilities didn't make sense, and in a way, she thought that maybe she just wanted it to be the truth.
The one she considered her savior from the past, who had taken her out of her situation, and had gotten revenge on her behalf, had just saved her again; she wanted it to be true.
"Jake... I wanted to ask... are you..."
"I can't," Raze replied, breaking her off mid-sentence. "I just calculated how much time I have left. I can't go to what I need after the event."
Based on how much time Raze had, he needed to go to the vault, at least during the event. He had to find a way to slip out and get what he needed.
"You mean, you don't have much time?" Kelly asked.
She knew his body was a bit strange since touching it, and how he had appeared out of nowhere; this part of him really was like a spirit, and she somewhat understood that because he had saved her and used his magical powers that it might have been her fault in all of this.
"I will need to go during the event; I will be back for the end, but after that, we will have to part ways immediately," Raze explained.
"I understand," Kelly nodded. "I don't think we have to worry, though; that lesson was the last lesson. We're heading to the main hall now... the evening event is about to begin."



Chapter 317 The Evening Event Begins
The evening event was taking place in the large hall that would be used for functions like this. It was a spacious ballroom-like area filled with buffet tables loaded with food and drinks. There were round tables for guests to sit down and talk as they wished, and at the very far end, there was a raised stage where a speech would take place in the evening.
When Raze had entered with the rest of the class, his fears of being spotted or pointed out had lessened quite a bit because the room was already packed fully to the brim with people of all types socializing.
There were a thousand first-year students, so a thousand students were currently present in the large room. Most of them were socializing with each other. On top of that, each student had brought at least one guest with them, or two, making the room filled with around 3000 or more people.
The students and their guests weren't the only ones present, though, as many of the teachers were also attending the event. They had started by grabbing some food and began to talk to each other.
"Man, did I have a day," Trin sighed as he picked up a champagne glass and almost gulped it in one go.
"Calm down," Quartz said. "You may have a body that looks young, but we all know your real age here."
The other professors chuckled as they heard the comment.
"Ah, are you talking about the situation that occurred today in the spar? The Light mages were speaking about it," another professor commented.
"Wait, something actually happened, and here I thought you were just doing your usual moaning," Quartz stated.
"Yes, something did happen," Trin grabbed another glass and started to swirl his drink around. "The kids, two of them got into a scuffle, and almost all of the students got hurt. Of course, I protected most of them."
"Don't us two share the same class? Which two kids was it?" Quartz asked.
"Kelly and Aurora."
Hearing the answer, Quartz didn't seem so surprised, especially based on what he had seen today.
"Hey, you're not telling the whole thing," another professor added. "I heard that one of the guests had to step in to protect the student or stop the fight."
"Ah, don't remind me," Trin replied, taking a big gulp. "It was Kelly's brother or something. He made some mocking comment about how if he was in my position he could have saved them both. Who does he think he is, one of the Grand Magus or something?"
"Oh, Kelly's brother. Actually, he stood out in my class as well. When there was a history lesson, I saw him staring at it, and the two of us talked about a few things for a while," another professor commented.
It wasn't just him, but a couple of the professors all seemed to have noticed Kelly's brother and had a story to say about him in one way or another.
"Oh, he sounds pretty interesting. Maybe I should go and speak to him myself; I feel a little left out," Quartz commented.
After hearing Kelly's answer for the first time today, Quartz was quite interested in Kelly's family members. She had never given that type of answer before, and hearing what the other teachers had said made him wonder if maybe it was his influence.
Inside the event, Kelly and Raze were keeping distant from the others. They had a drink in their hands, trying to blend in, but even holding onto objects felt weird for Raze to the point where he had to put it down. It seemed holding onto things used up more mana as well due to the way his body currently was.
"So when are you going to go away from here?" Kelly asked.
"I leave when most of the guests are down here," Raze answered.
The more people at the event, the easier it was for Raze to move around the rest of the academy, so the day was working out close to perfect for him if it wasn't for the previous incident.
"I did want to ask you something," Raze said as he looked at her. "I wondered, how could someone so young decide to learn Dark Magic? A mage like you, as talented as you surely are, has a bright future," Raze asked.
Kelly was a bit embarrassed by this, and she turned to see if anyone was listening. After she noticed it was clear, she decided to explain everything to him. She informed him of her past, in the town that he had attacked a certain guild that had ruined her and her mother's life. Now Raze also understood how she had known the truth of the matter when asking the questions back then as well.
"After everything that happened, I decided to learn Dark Magic so I could feel a bit closer to the Dark Magus."
'Little did you know how much that worked out for you,' Raze thought.
"So you want to get closer to DM, let's call him for now since his name is taboo," Raze said, "But is that your goal in all of this? What if he was to tell you to quit, to leave the Dark Guild, would you listen to the person you admire?"
Kelly was thinking about the question. Was the Dark Magus someone who would ask that in the first place? Was it a hypothetical question, or was it a real one from the Dark Magus himself?
"I... I..."
"Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for being patient. I hope the food and lessons today have been up to all of your standards!" A voice said from the very back of the room, standing on the stage.
Hearing this, it meant the event was about to kick off, and all of those who were meant to be here were already here.
'This is my cue to leave,' Raze thought as he turned around and started to walk away.
"To set off the evening, we have a special guest, which is none other than the principal of the Central Mage Academy!" The presenter shouted.
Immediately, Raze stopped and turned his head to look back.
 "Please welcome, the Grand Magus Ibarin!!!"



Chapter 318.1 The Start Of Razes life (Part 1)
Hearing the announcement, Raze knew who was going to come on stage; it was one of the five Grand Magus. One of the group that chased him down to the ends of Alterian. They never let him rest for a moment.
He was unable to take a day's rest or sleep peacefully because he knew that these people were always on his back, always after him. Even when he lost everything, when they had torn him down, they continued to chase him.
How many times had he sworn, sworn that he would get revenge on each of the Grand Magus, to allow them to experience a fraction of the fear and hatred that he had suffered that day?
"Now is not the time," Raze told himself with a tensed fist. "If he spots me now, then he might very well know that something is up. He might be able to tell that my body is not a real body. I've been able to get away with it so far, but if it's him..."
Raze was tempted to just get one look, to see how much the Grand Magus had changed. It hadn't been so long since the two had met; he hadn't been in Pagna for a long amount of time, so there couldn't be that much difference.
Maybe seeing him would ignite his anger again, unable to hold himself back, it was a risky move.
"I'm sorry," Raze said. "But I have to go now."
With that, Raze had left the event hall; he had slipped through the crowd moving side to side, and if anyone asked where he was going, he would simply state that he was off on a toilet break.
While walking around the place, Raze was getting ready to head to the section he needed to go to, but just before he did, he took a step into the actual bathroom. He gave a quick glance to see if anyone was inside but found nobody before heading to the mirror looking at his appearance.
His hand raised to graze the side of his own cheek, but he could feel next to nothing as the magic within his body was activating.
"I don't look the same as I was before, I'm not the same as I was before," Raze said to himself. "This is a new body, a new life, yet I'm still obsessing over the past. Over what happened back then? Maybe, I should have taken this chance to live my life to the fullest rather than it being obsessed over revenge."
Thinking this, Raze started to reach out to the mirror. When he did, and his finger touched the glass, for a moment, he could see his old face in the reflection, and flashes entered his head.
In the far distance, he could hear Ibrain's voice. "Thank you all for joining me today; I am happy to still currently be the principal of the Central Academy! This is special to me because when I became principal, I also was introduced into the group, and became one of the Grand Magus."
Both of Raze's fists were clenching hard as he heard every word coming out of Ibarin's mouth.
He had a personal grudge against every single one of the Grand Magus. They had all ruined his life in one way or another, but Ibrain, in a lot of ways, when he looked back at it, he was somewhat the start of it all.
Everything was flashing in Raze's mind. "I remember, I remember it all, I can't forget, I can't just let them all walk free, rewarded by the Alterian world. No one is punishing them for what they have done, no one is capable of doing so, I'm the only one that can, so I have to."
Raze left the washroom, heading to his vault, with deep memories of the past.
From a child, Raze had a deep fascination with magic. There was a deep reason for it all, a dark secret that he hadn't told anyone, but it was magic that was able to set him free from it all.
For the longest time in Alterian, the world had somewhat been divided. There were those that lived above ground, and those that lived below it, in underground cities where the poor lived.
Those that lived off the scraps that would be dropped down from above. It was almost impossible for one to get out of the situation they were in living underground. Because there was no way for them to learn the powers from above, the powers of magic.
Those underground were uneducated, most couldn't write or read, so even if they got their hands on something like a magic book that explained the basics, they wouldn't even know where to start.
For Raze though, he had a curious and advanced mind, and there wasn't much for them to do in the first place, so he persisted. With the books that would be thrown away, he had gathered the simpler ones, the basic ones for children.
He started from there, teaching himself the language of Alterian, the writings and how to read; just knowing this had already simply put him above the others. However, those living underground didn't see it that way.
Because knowing how to read and write, how was that meant to help? They needed to be good at using tools so they could fix the items they used on an everyday basis. Learn how to build and craft things with their very own hands.
If they didn't have people like that, then their world down below the city would collapse itself as well.
So Raze wasn't considered special by the others for knowing this; if anything, he was considered slightly strange for having an interest in this. What was the point of learning to read and write?
He would never be as good as those above anyway, so even if he escaped, his life was still destined to be one full of failure in the first place.
Going through the streets littered with rubbish and people dressed in drips and drabs, Raze held his books. He soon could see his own house up ahead.
The houses were square buildings made of brick, small in size built on top of each other. At most there were four of these single-floor houses built on top of each other, and they were placed close to one another.
For Raze, they lived in the bottom house; when he entered inside, he quickly looked to the corner where he placed most of his books and added another one to the collection. He soon covered it with a dirty cloth as he heard footsteps hurrying.
"Boy why are you late! You haven't even wiped the dirt off from your face!" A man with ragged clothes shouted; his speech was slightly slurred, and his top was half on him.
He quickly rushed over to the boy and grabbed onto Raze's hand.
"We don't have time to clean you up; they'll be here any second; come on!"
This was Raze's father, a man whose name he didn't even wish to remember. As for his mother, he didn't even have a picture to remember; either she died, or ran off, who knew. A tale his father didn't even bother to tell him.
Raze was soon dragged out of his house, and his father held onto his shoulders. He wasn't the only one out, but the rest of the parents were out of their houses, with their kids being held similarly.
 Their children dressed in their best clothing, cleaned and washed, compared to their parents.
Then, walking through into their town, there was a single man, adorned with clothing from above. Wearing thick robes and an iron mask covering his face. Raze's eyes locked onto a small pendant that he noticed by his side; it had a marking on it, the marking of an I. The marking of Idore, one of the Grand Magus.



**Warning: the following chapter may contain content that some readers find disturbing. I do not go into detail about what happens and only imply for readers to interpret what is happening, as I do not wish to glorify or hurt those that have been through these situations.**
Raze had no trouble reaching the section of the Academy he needed to get to. He remembered everything; the pathways in the academy hadn't changed, and neither did the rooms.
Everything was well maintained just like it was before. Unlike his time since he had been to Alterian for real, his time since he had been at the academy was a lot longer than that.
'I can't believe he became principal in the end, and it was his way up into the Grand Magus,' Raze thought.
'When I was a child, the Grand Magus system didn't even exist. The world hadn't agreed on the one system of higher powers. It was the same for Idore. His items had yet to become world renowned, but even then he continued to mark all of the items that he enchanted. There is one of two possibilities.'
'That the mage that used to visit the slums back then was Idore himself, or a mage that he had given one of his items to.'
Thinking about all of it still brought him back memories to when he was a child. Each time the mage in the mask would visit, it would give a shiver down his entire body, and a deep sickness in his stomach that no matter what he did felt like it was impossible to remove.
The mage with the iron mask looked around at the parents with the children in hand. For a moment, his eyes laid on Raze, as he stared him up and down.
"I promise that he is just as good as usual, he's just been playing outside a bit, keeping himself fit!" His father said.
The mage then turned to look away, and as he did, he went over to another household. It was too far away for Raze to hear, but there were a few nods here and there, and then the mage handed something over from his pouch to the parents.
Their eyes lit up with delight, and shortly after, the mage with the iron mask had entered the household with the child.
The rest of the parents that were out with their children looked upset and soon returned inside. When Raze and his father did, immediately the smile on his face disappeared and Raze's shoulder was hurting.
He could feel his father's fingertips digging into his shoulder.
"Dad… that hurts… it hurts!" Raze said.
"You know what else hurts!" His father threw him into the wall. "Not being able to get any food for the next week! You're his favorite, but you know why he didn't pick you, because you're no good, you're useless!"
His father ran over, and started to hit Raze over and over, and it wasn't the first time this had occurred.
On one of his days out, Raze as usual was searching through the areas at certain spots. From above there were drainage spots, or just spots in general where things would fall. This was where he would find most of the books that he had found.
Today, while searching through everything, he had stumbled upon a magic book. It wasn't the first time; he had stumbled upon a magic book explaining wind spells before.
However, it was useless; no matter what he did, and how hard he tried to learn the spells, he could do nothing. He had memorized the magic circles, the patterns, and stated the words to go with it.
At that point and time, Raze believed that it was true, that those that lived underground just weren't meant to learn magic. Which was why when he had grabbed the book, he wasn't too excited at first.
When reading through some of its contents, though, he noticed that this was the basics of magic book, and Raze, for the first time, was learning of something known as a Magic Core.
The excitement filled his eyes, and there was hope for his life for a moment. For days, Raze read the book and did as what was told. There were plenty of secret spots and nooks hidden away from the others that were far away.
If anyone caught what he was doing, they would just laugh at him more, but he didn't let that bother him until one day he had finally done it; he had finally created his Magic Core.
"I did it!" Raze said, his eyes glowing. "I can feel it running through me; I can feel it through the air, and the Core that I made, it's a Wind Core! I wonder why I got this; was it because I was trying to learn the wind spells from before? Wait, now that I have a magic core, shouldn't I be able to cast some spells?"
Raze looked around, as anything he could see, and then looked at some of the piles of trash where there were plastic bags on the top.
"Push of the Wind!" Raze cast, picturing the magic circle in his head, and just like that, a breeze of wind moved the bags, ruffling them down the pile of trash. This was Raze's first taste of magic.
Raze had continued to practice the spells, trying them all out, but he realized something. He was unable to produce anything above a 1-star spell, and from the books he had read, it seemed it was something that would be impossible, at least while he was down there.
When returning home one day, his father seemed to be in a bad mood. It was usual, but a little worse.
"You brat, I'm in so much pain, and it's all because of you! And if you can't make any money, then you might as well be gone!" His father shouted as he dived in.
He proceeded to beat Raze just like he had done before, again and again. Raze's eyesight was blurring, his body hurt, and as he looked at his father on top of him with his fists for a moment, he pictured the mage with the iron mask.
'I don't know what's worse… but what I do know is, I don't want this. I don't F*cking like this! I don't want any of this; I just want to… I just want to be on my own!' Raze thought.
The beating continued, one after the other, again and again, until.
 "Get off me!" Raze shouted. "Stop it! Don't.... Don't…. Don't… Touch me!" Raze screamed, and swung his hand out.
"Silent Strike!" Raze said; his hand was covered in sharp wind magic, and as it went across his father's neck, it had sliced it open. Blood had started to pour on top of him, falling onto him.
Quickly, Raze had moved out of the way, and saw his father's body slowly fall to the ground.
Raze stood there for a moment, having no clue what to do until he had decided there was only one thing he could do, run. He ran and ran, ran out of the slums, ran from anyone that knew him, from everyone that he remembered from all of that past.
And that's when he decided that he would leave the underground world. He had something now; he had something that those above had as well, he had Magic.
"These memories," Raze said, holding his head as he was inching closer to his vault, finally arriving at his old classroom. "These aren't fun… but I remember, back then I thought it was my chance to start a new life, and for a moment, I thought the same thing back then, but Ibrain, you ruined my chance, the one who I used to call friend."



Chapter 320.1 The Fight For Principal (Part 1)
Taking a turn from the hallway, Raze had entered one of the large teaching rooms. There was the ascending stand of seats to his left, and on the right, a large empty canvas screen along with a desk in the corner.
It was nothing special; it looked the same as the other classrooms that Raze had been in today, but the feeling when he stepped in, the slight difference in smell, the slight orientation of the seats above, it was his classroom.
This was the classroom, and the academy, to which he had practically given his life to, having spent over 20 years teaching here.
"Learning magic back then set me free from my old life. It was thanks to magic that I was able to change my fate and get out of the slums that were said to be so impossible to escape," Raze reflected.
Back then, when he left, he never tried to look back at what had happened with his father. He never went back to that place again, leaving it all behind, and tried to live a life above.
Thinking back to that time, life above was more difficult than he had imagined. It seemed that those who lived under were right about one thing: Raze had quickly realized that although he might have been considered special down below for knowing magic, it was the opposite above. The world was filled with magic, and it was a part of their everyday lives. Even magical tools were used to store their currency, to get to places, and to perform the simplest of jobs. However, there was one thing that Raze had that was better than those his age, and that was determination.
Being thankful for magic, he studied harder than anyone else whenever he could. He did whatever jobs he had to support himself and study magic further than any others. While others his age would be distracted with friends, family, and games, he only had one thing, and that was magic. As he progressed in magic, it allowed him to get better jobs, and this relentless studying of magic, of putting all his devotion into the field from a young age, allowed him to step above the others.
Raze stood in front of the large blackboard, and then in his hand, he summoned a chalk piece from his hidden robe. He could hold it steady, but making contact with the object was using more of his mana.
On the large screen in front of him, he started to draw what looked like a magic circle. Here it was, his magic vault, hidden in his old classroom.
"And then, I finally got a job as a professor at the Central Academy, after making my achievements, and that was when I met you, Ibarin, another professor at the academy, who shared the same love for magic as me."
Raze tightened his grip on the chalk piece slightly when he mentioned Ibarin's name, and to think that he was currently in the same building as well.
"Come to think of it, when we first met, the Grand Magus had just been established. The academies were also part of the same project, so we both joined as teachers. Back then, the Grand Magus were only three."
"Idore, who had crafted legendary items that were able to change the magical world. Gizin, who owned pharmaceutical companies, and was able to create medicines that changed the lives of mages and those outside it."
"And as for the third, it was Trubin, a mage that was completely focused on strengthening magic as a weapon. It was rumored that he was the strongest of the Grand Magus because of this, even though everyone treated Idore more like its leader."
In Raze's opinion, one had never seen the true strength of Idore, since the magical items he crafted were more for general use, but what if he crafted items that were used for combat? Surely that would increase his strength above the others.
"Ibarin joined the ranks of the Grand Magus after he had become principal. The old one was a government figurehead for a while, and the Grand Magus didn't like that."
"Instead, they wanted to recruit a new one into their ranks. I still remember that day."
Raze had been a professor at the academy for a while now, and he was well known for his classes. Even while teaching students, he had continued to study in the field of magic and had brought out a couple of studies related to certain magics himself.
If he wasn't teaching, he would be researching or reading others' studies, and he was almost better than the internet itself. When the other teachers would have a problem, they would often head to Raze to ask about it.
After classes were done for the day, Raze was called to the tower. It was the highest point in the academy, a room where the current principal sat.
Arriving into the room, Raze peeked in, seeing the large desk at the back as well as the glass-paned window that looked out toward the front of the school. An older man dressed in a black suit gave them a smile as he gestured for Raze to come in.
He did as he was told and sat in one of the open seats. When looking to his right, he could see his fellow colleague sitting down as well. An older man with curly light brown hair, almost a dirty blonde that went down his sides. This was his fellow colleague, Ibarin.
"I don't think it's too much of a surprise as to why I have called both of you to this room," the man in the suit claimed. "My position was always a temporary one, yet I had kept this position for many years.
"I have to say I quite enjoyed staying at this academy, but it's not right for me to be at the helm of all of the Mage Academies when I am nowhere near as talented as you two.
"Which is why I am here to congratulate you two on a promotion because you have been selected to be Principals of the Central Mage Academy."
Both Raze and Ibarin looked at each other. They couldn't believe it. The Central Mage Academy was Alterian famous. The principal was as well, being on news reports, meeting with the Grand Magus, and more. It was one of the highest positions a mage could ever dream of having.
Even Raze, who had a love for magic, it would have been an honor for him to receive this position. But that's when they noticed there were two of them, but only one principal position.
"Yes, I can tell what you are thinking," the man in the suit said. "There are two of you but only one position. Well, one of you will be vice-principal, while the other will be principal.
"Now, I, myself, don't think I'm in a position to decide. So I have a proposal."
Ibarin's leg started to move up and down as he heard this because he was worried. Worried that it might go to a vote, and if that was the case, then the more popular Raze would have certainly been selected.
But what the former principal had suggested turned out to be a far worse situation for Ibarin.
"Now that I think about it," Raze smiled to himself, doing the finishing touches on the magic circle in the classroom. "Maybe that whole thing was rigged from the start."



Chapter 321.2 The Fight For Principal (Part 2)
Both of the professors were eagerly waiting. A chance for both of them to become principal, but what would the judging criteria be?
Both of them understood their strengths; they knew each other well and had worked with each other for a long time since they had joined around the same time. Both of them had a love for magic and studied it in their own way, but not many were as dedicated to books and research as Raze was.
Ibarin's strong points were actually his connections outside of the Mage Academy. Due to his friends in various fields and companies, as well as getting on with the students' parents, he was able to get the academy deals on a number of things, such as cheaper supplies, building materials, and even setting up certain contracts for the students' futures. He was more of a connection man.
Seeing these two at the helm of the academy, they could imagine it being a great landmark case in the advancement for the future of mages. It was just too difficult to decide who should be the principal, which was why the former principal had decided to make an interesting suggestion.
"There is an ongoing problem at our academy, that has only been growing larger, and I have heard it's starting to spread to the other academies as well."
Nearly both of Raze's and Ibarin's heads sank down because they knew what the professor was talking about.
He then went to his drawer and pulled out a small device that almost looked like a pen. It was flatter with a circle at the top and a tip that was shaped like a whistle.
"Do you care to tell me what this is?" the professor asked.
"It's a device used to inhale Recimal air," Raze answered immediately. "It gives a boost in a mage's mana while making him more sensitive to the mana around him. It allows a heightened state for a short time, around 5 to ten minutes depending on the individual. However, after the effects wear off, there is a slight depressive state that one gets in. Recimal air is a highly addictive substance, and with each use, its effects lessen, leading to those needing a bigger dose for the same effect, but the bigger the dose, the bigger the side effect, which is why it, as well as the devices, are banned."
All areas of research were open to Raze, and that included banned substances.
"You're right, and this device here was confiscated by one of our students. There is a major problem as someone in the academy is selling it to the students. The worst case seems to be here at Central Academy itself. Of course, I don't want you to punish the students that are found with these; they are simply victims. But I want you to find out who is selling these to the students, whether it's outside or inside the school. Both of you are talented mages, both of you are at the 8-star level, close to reaching the 9-star level. I doubt anyone that you find you will have trouble with. So it's not so dangerous of a task. The one who finds the one responsible will become principal. I think this will be a nice start, killing two birds with one spell, and will make a good impression."
The task was given, and both of them understood. When exiting from the room, Ibarin turned to Raze.
"I wish you luck on this, my friend," he stated. "I hope that there are no hard feelings on which of us will win."
"Of course not," Raze replied. "Besides, regardless of the result, the two of us will still be working closely together. There are no hard feelings at all."
The two of them continued to walk down the hallway, and Ibarin seemed to be fishing for clues. He was trying to see what techniques Raze would use to try and catch this criminal.
"Well, it wouldn't be very fair if I told you this, but I will tell you something. If I do catch this person, I won't be able to forgive them," Raze replied. "To go so low, to sell such things to the kids. They probably didn't know any better and are already under the pressure of performing well. I can imagine many students giving in and using such devices just before their tests to get a better score. I have to put a stop to this."
Raze continued to walk forward while Ibarin stopped since he was right outside his classroom.
"Be careful," Ibarin shouted out. "Remember, you have a beautiful wife to look after."
Back inside the classroom, Raze only had one more thing to open the vault, to activate it with magic, but not just any magic, Dark magic would need to be used to reveal what was hidden behind the large board for the class.
A secret key that only he possessed.
"I'm remembering too much about the past," Raze said to himself. "At the time, I never did find the criminal, but instead, they found in this very class several Recimal Air devices. I was set up. Someone was trying to pin the blame on me. At the time, I was so naive; I thought it could have been anyone, I didn't have a clue who it was."
"Why didn't I think it was him? Why did I trust Ibarin so much? Was it because of our history together, because he had never done something like this before?"
"I should have known he had an obsession with climbing to the top and wanting to become one of the Grand Magus."
More memories had flooded into Raze, a recurring dream that he would have often. After finding out that the devices were in his room, he had been taken to trial.
Here, there were several of those who were asked to take the stand. Students had come to Raze's defense, stating that he was a good teacher and they could never believe he would do such a thing.
However, his fellow colleagues were a mixed bag. That day he had seen some of the fellow teachers turn on him, saying things that they had only said behind his back, making it out as if he was capable of doing such things. Then finally, it was Ibarin's turn to take the stand.
"Now that I think about it, I think that Raze Cromwell might be capable of such things," Ibarin claimed. "When the principal asked us about the devices, he knew so much about them already. Which is a bit strange for a teacher, and I don't want to share details, but do you know where he's originally from? He's from the Underus, one of the Under cities."
The look on everyone's faces had almost changed at that moment when they had found out where Raze was from, and almost in an instant, it was like they had forgotten everything Raze had done for them.
At the time, Raze didn't understand why Ibarin would do all of those things, why he had done so much.
"But I did learn the reason, after it was too late," Raze placed both his hands together, and the Dark magic started to seep out to the circle.
"After that, my whole life changed, my own family, my friends that I knew, and that was when I started to have the run-in with the Grand Magus and suffered from their cruel hands again and again. But those memories are for another time!"
"I remembered my reasons for revenge, and this will help me!"
The magic circle lit up, and the board started to shift, sliding apart. The Dark Magus' secret vault was open.



Chapter 322 Secret Vault
Being on the run all the time, there weren't many places where Raze was able to store some of the items he had no use for. The extremely precious items he had used at the time of obtaining them. He needed them after all, in order for him to progress into becoming a 9-star mage.
Not only that, but when learning Dark Magic, it was the lowest of all his attributes, and he needed to experiment with ways to increase his Dark Magic power. It was the best type of magic he had for going up against the Grand Magus as they had no clue how to deal with it. The only sad part was that his Dark Magic could never outgrow the power of his wind magic due to the magic core he had.
Now, in his second life, things were different; he had a Dark Magic core and a head start with all his previous knowledge. However, there was one thing Raze had done. Knowing the spell he used would end his life and have him reborn, he had stored enchanted items in his vault that he could use.
If he was to die with these items on hand, he was sure that the Grand Magus would take them from him, using their power for himself, so he placed them in a special vault.
Items that would help him with his new life; he just never expected that his new life would be in a completely different world.
'And what better way than to hide a place right underneath their nose!'
The large board had slid open, and Raze took a step right through. When he did, the doors closed behind him, and the ground started to light up.
Lights were entering the room one after the other, revealing an empty Dark room.
"Wait... it's Empty!" Raze said, looking around. "My power stones, my spell books, they're gone? How can this be? Someone actually managed to discover this place in those few months that I was gone!"
Thinking about the matter, it was a bit more serious than he thought. If someone had discovered his vault, they already knew about this room, and his first suspect would be, of course, the Grand Magus.
Maybe they had set up another spell to determine if this room was open, so he didn't have much time.
'Wait, let's not be rash,' Raze thought to himself. 'To open the vault, one needed to use Dark Magic in the first place. I had set it up, so a spell would activate, destroying everything in the room if that didn't happen.
'Since that didn't happen, what is more likely is someone who knew Dark Magic had entered this place. It might even be a follower that has all these items now.'
Raze was disappointed but not largely, at least not yet, because there was something else.
On the ground, Raze proceeded to activate his Dark Magic once again, and as he did, a change started to occur.
In the dark empty room, large glass cabinets started to appear all over the place. There were ten of them that had popped up in total.
And lastly, a large bookshelf had appeared right in front of him. Seeing everything around him, his dissatisfied look from before had disappeared because now he was over the moon.
'It was a good idea to install a fake room just in case it was discovered,' Raze thought to himself.
It still pained him somewhat because that fake room was really a real room full of treasures.
The power stones he had no use for anymore, the enchanted items that were too weak compared to the real treasures he stored for himself. He had placed them in the vault as well because he knew that to most, they would consider them high-quality enough to be considered treasures.
At the pinnacle of Raze's life, that wasn't the case, though. However, he thought that it was the perfect time for him to use the low-enchanted items because there was another problem.
Raze walked up to one of the cabinets, where a large staff could be seen. It was oddly blood-red in color, with a gem at the end of it that was black. On the staff itself, it had a strange set of what looked like veins that ran up and down its side.
"The problem with this room, all the items are of Mythical and Legendary Status. I never managed to get my hands on a god-level item, but still, these items combined together certainly gave me great strength.
"However, because of that, afraid that someone else might get them, I put a seal and a lock on these items, one that could only be broken by a 9-star mage."
It was Raze's carefulness that was now preventing him from getting his locked and sealed items. Ones that would certainly help him in his fight in Pagna.
Who cared if he would open up rifts by using these items, with them, he would be able to blast away anything that came his way.
Walking around, Raze looked at more of the items. Two of them were legendary-ranked robes. One was white in color, the other, a more grey-colored. The two robes had different types of enchantments, and with their effects, Raze was able to switch between them in fighting. It gave him the advantage when fighting multiple opponents that specialized in different types of magic.
Behind another sealed display cabinet was a crown; in another there was a ring. Each time Raze imagined their power, he was kicking himself in the foot.
If someone from Alter had discovered this, they would have claimed to have discovered world treasures and surely would have taken them all under their protection.
'I came here to try and find items that would help me take down the Dark faction and the Academy, and these items certainly would help, but I can't even use them.'
'Still, there is some hope,' Raze thought as he went to the bookshelf that had appeared in front of him. On the bookshelf itself, there were a number of different books.
These books were magic books, ones that were written by Raze himself when storing information. They were magic books about every single type of attribute that exists. It had a list of spells as well as drawings of magic circles and more. It had everything one would need if they wanted to learn how to fight or use one type of magic.
There and then, Raze pulled all of them down, the ones that he needed, and in particular, he held the Light Magic book in his hand.
When he opened it up, there was writing in it, ones that weren't his own.
"This book... it was written by Abbey," Raze said to himself in a soft voice. "I guess it's only right that this book goes to Safa. I'm sure she will take good care of it as she learns how to use Light Magic."
 There were too many books for Raze to store in his robe, but there was one more thing that he needed. He carefully had taken them off the shelf and placed them to the side.
Just then, he moved his hands, activating wind magic, and the shelves moved open like a door, revealing one more room.
And there was the one thing he was looking for, the one thing that wasn't sealed, that he could use in his fight against the Pagna Academy.



Chapter 323 A parting gift
Breaking through the shelves that were stacked with books at the very end, Raze could see it hung up on a model doll. It wasn't a robe like he would often wear, but it was a uniform, a black blazer with light white trim that had a number of different symbols and designs that went over the shoulders. It was similar to what Raze was wearing now, similar to what Kelly had asked him to wear.
'Who would have thought, I always said that you had the worst taste when it came to fashion, but it looks like everyone has started to follow your trend now as well,' Raze thought as he inched closer to the uniform.
He looked up at it for a few moments, wondering what the best thing to do was. This wasn't just any blazer; this was a specially enchanted blazer. It wasn't strong in the same way as the other two robes that he had in the cabinets. This blazer was still strongly enchanted; it was at the mythical level. It was an item that wasn't sealed, meaning he could wear it, and with its strength, it would allow Raze to have some extra power to fight against his enemies. But it was special to him in more ways than one.
'This was made by you; it wasn't made with my tainted Dark Magic, with the idea of killing, but instead, it was made with Light Magic, with the idea of protection.'
It wasn't sealed away because at the time, Raze felt like he had no right to, but it was important to him, and he didn't want anyone to take it, so he tried to hide it even further than anything else.
Now, it was the only thing, other than the books, that he could use to help him in his cause.
"I guess it is something that needs to be done," Raze thought to himself as he went ahead and grabbed onto the uniform.
Right there and then, he thought it was best if he changed into it. He removed the clothing that he had received from Kelly and placed it back onto the model. Then he replaced the blazer jacket that was in a similar style but a different color and design and hung it above his shoulders. It didn't fit very well at first, but the enchanted magic started to do its thing. It expanded in size slightly before gently laying on top of his clothes, then it shrank down until it was a perfect fit on his body.
As soon as it touched Raze's skin, he could feel the power of the enchanted blazer flowing through his entire body.
'I don't have Light Magic to allow it to show me its effects, but I remember what it does,' Raze thought as he continued to walk out of the room.
Upon doing so, he picked up the books he had placed to the side and stored them away inside the special storage in the blazer. The blazer had a similar effect to the robe that Raze had enchanted. It allowed him to store items away in it; however, the amount of items that could be stored wasn't limited like that of the robe. Raze could store as many items as he wished as long as they were non-living items. There was an exception to this as well; if they were magically enchanted items, he could place them inside the blazer as well. So items like a large shield that was bigger than the robe itself or a spear, if they were enchanted, he could place them inside.
So it was a more powerful version of his robe, and since it wasn't made with Dark Magic, it didn't have the downside effect of needing to be fed crystals.
'I guess with the robe, I could always hand that over to one of the others; I'm sure they can find some use for it as well,' Raze thought.
The other effect of the blazer was also granting him an energy shield. Just like the robes of the mages Raze had fought against that were able to block a number of spells, Raze's enchanted blazer had the same effect but was at a much higher level.
'The blazer could also protect not just mana-based attacks but physical attacks as well. So even a swipe of the sword from a Pagna warrior can be stopped.'
Lastly, there was one more effect, an added trait for one using Light Magic, and that was that the blazer was able to heal the user considerably while they were wearing it. If attacks and wounds could get through the magical barrier created by the blazer, then it would just heal him, and it was at a considerable speed as well. To the point where one might think he was immortal due to how fast wounds would heal. It truly had earned its status as a mythical item, just for that effect alone.
'The blazer that you created for me, as a gift for our wedding day, is now helping me out now more than ever,' Raze thought to himself.
Walking out of the room, Raze had now returned to the room that was filled with all the other items. Unfortunately, with the seal, even with the blazer, Raze was unable to store the items away.
"It looks like I will have to come back for you all another time. Perhaps, when my real body returns to Alterian, you can be used, and the first place I will use it is to topple down Ibarin's empire that he has built right here and now."
Raze went ahead and started to draw the magic circle on the ground again. When he was done, he placed both of his hands together, using his Dark Magic; the cabinets started to disappear, all ten items that he would use in a future time. Eventually, all of them disappeared, and he was left again in a dark, pitch black room.
'I still have mana left; I still have time. I should try and make a final appearance with Kelly if I can. It will avoid her from getting into any trouble.'
'The event should be over soon, so I won't run into Ibarin,' Raze thought.
Magic was cast on the exit door again, and the doors slid open. When Raze stepped forward, they slid again, closing behind him.
Now the classroom looked the same as it did before, as it always did; it was just another classroom to everyone in the outside world.
"Who would have thought that there was a secret room in one of these classrooms? You know when I went to Central Academy, they always talked about secret rooms being in this giant place, but of course, they were all rumors, so who would have thought they were true after all."
The voice came from Raze's left side, and immediately he turned his head. He saw him exit from the place; someone was following him. If that was the case, this was bad news not just for him but for all the items and Kelly.
"I decided to follow you; it seemed you left the event in a hurry. I was just going to ignore you, but something kept hitting me in the side of the neck, telling me that there was something about you," Alen said.



Chapter 324 Getting Out Of A Fiery Situation
Alen had been following Raze ever since the two of them had traded a few words with each other. The interest from one to the other seemed to be strong, and Raze knew that, but he thought he had managed to dull that sincerity when he had told the other the truth while a particular device was being used.
When looking at that device from Alen's hands, it had also brought back a bad memory for Raze since those same devices had been used during Raze's own trial. It was what they had deemed as undeniable evidence due to their enchantment, but obviously something had gone wrong at the time.
'I was careful, I looked and searched around the area to make sure if anyone was following me, and still I was unable to detect him.'
"I guess you're quite surprised, have you never been followed by a high-star mage before?" Alen commented.
It was true; while Raze was only at the three-star level, there were a number of spells that could be used that would allow a person to travel undetected, at least to him. Since he had been in Pagna for so long, having the advantage over those that knew nothing about magic, he had somewhat been mistaken. Even fooling most mages, Raze would have been fine, but Alen was a talented individual.
"Now, you snooping around the academy and using a secret room, that's not exactly a good look. I doubt someone who is doing these in good faith would act like this, so I guess you don't mind if I capture you, do you?" Alen proceeded to put on two pairs of white gloves, which had red magic circles written on them. Once they covered his hands, he flicked his fingers, and a quick fireball shot out right toward Raze. It was fast but small in size, too fast for Raze to react in his current body; if he was in his Pagna body, it would be fine. When the fireball touched the corner of his shoulder, though, a whole barrier had lit up, and the attack had disappeared. The effect of the new enchanted blazer he had received managed to work.
"Oh, nice blazer you have there," Alen commented.
Raze needed to act fast, and as he did, he moved both of his hands. "The Push of the Wind!"
The desks from the side were lifted off the ground and went flying right toward Alen. His response to this was just to punch the desks, and as he did, both of them erupted into flames on the spot. After getting rid of the desk, Alen proceeded to swing his hands again and again, several small flames were shooting out, and they had hit Raze perfectly despite him attempting to move out of the way. Each time they hit him, his enchanted blazer was activating, stopping the attack, but he knew the build-up of attacks would soon take away the energy shield; he needed to do something and fast.
'I can't use a lot of mana; if I do, my whole body will disappear. I have what I need from this place right now, but since Alen saw everything, he could very well inform the others to run an investigation into this room. If that happens, I could lose access to all of the items that I had stored. On top of that, they will run an investigation into Kelly; I have to find a way to win this fight.'
The best thing Raze had in his arsenal was Dark Magic, as a three-star mage, could he overcome someone like Alen who was a five-star.
"Those gloves," Raze said. "You fight like Enaxx. They allow you to use fire spells without the need for saying enchantments. Even your style is just like him."
"Of course, my style is like him," Alen held his hand out, and a larger fireball compared to the others that he had made appeared in the palm of his hand. "He is my mentor, but what makes this really interesting is how you would even know that."
Alen was getting ready to throw the fireball, but before giving it his all in a fight one more time, Raze had one idea that might work. Judging by the way Alen had talked a few times, he didn't seem like an unreasonable person; in fact, it was quite the opposite.
"I call in on my favor that you owe me right now!" Raze shouted.
Immediately, that had stopped Alen in his tracks; the fireball disappeared from his hand, and he stood there in place. He was a bit dumbfounded, unsure of what to do.
"You call in… the favor?" Alen repeated.
"You said, one time due to the bet that occurred, and for me giving you information about myself that I could have one favor from you. You equally told me that you were a man of your word."
"I promise you, what I am doing right now is nothing that is intended to harm the academy in any way. I was just here to get my own belongings. You can use your device again if you don't believe me."
"However, as for the favor, I want you to ignore this, pretend as if you saw nothing here, and let me go, to not tell anyone about what happened."
Immediately, Alen started to scratch his head, as he was clearly conflicted by the current situation.
'I gave him that favor; I expected him to use it to help him punish someone or something like that, or maybe help him with some business, but I guess he really is using it in the perfect situation right now.'
'I really can't think of a better time he could use it to force my hand.'
In his mind, Alen was weighing up a number of things. How well would he be rewarded for bringing in this mage, or maybe it was nothing. However, his family, his father had told him one thing, that they always kept their promises.
"Favors, promises, these are words that people need to keep meaning into. The rules of these words must be followed to give them power; otherwise, they will mean nothing. Our bloodline will mean nothing."
"And pledges of loyalty, pledges to change the world filled with rules will mean nothing. I will honor my favor to you and allow you to step away from this. So you better head back to the event quickly."
Alen felt a slight distaste in his mouth for doing this, but if anything, he was more curious as to who this person was, and without a doubt, this event should also bring the two of them closer together in the future.
Seeing the actions, Raze was quite surprised that it worked, and in a way, he wasn't. He knew that some mages were like this. They followed a set of rules dictated by their history. Even the academy itself was something that lasted longer than that of the Grand Magus and was full of rules set by different families who ran them. It was just that a lot of that history was forgotten and was replaced with the new world power and order.
As Raze walked past, Alen did nothing, but Raze himself stopped just a few meters short.
"Your teacher Enaxx, I have one word of warning for you, you should look out for him; the Grand Magus aren't as great of people as you think they are."



Chapter 325 Grab On To The Light
Due to a series of strange events, one way or another, Raze was able to get out of his old classroom and had managed to come out of it with the special Enchanted Blazer that had been made for him long ago. He also had managed to grab the magic books continuing the different attributes of magic as well, giving him great detail on the use of spells and more. He didn't manage to get hold of his special items that were sealed away, but for now, they would be kept in the same place.
'It does make me worry a bit though,' Raze thought as he continued to walk down the hallway. Back to the event he had left. He was half expecting Alen to come past him, since he had to be heading to the same event as well, but he hadn't done so far.
'There is a chance that Alen could choose to go back on his word. Judging by his character and the fact that he had let me go, I doubt he will, but if he knew who I was, he might be conflicted between his duty and his morals.
'It was a good thing I didn't use Dark Magic in that short scuffle we had.'
Thinking back to the scuffle itself, it was also good that Raze had the Blazer. If it hadn't protected him from those attacks, then when it went through his body, the amount of mana that would have been needed to restore his body back to the way it was, he doubted he would be able to stay in the world of Alterian any longer. He could tell his mana was already on its last legs; the last of the pills had been used as well. But in order to cause no trouble for Kelly, he wanted to leave the academy the same way they had entered together.
When Raze got close to the event, he could hear the talking between people. He slowed his pace down, as he was worried that maybe Ibarin would be mingling with the guests. Although he doubted it based on his past character. He didn't seem to like talking to strangers very much, not unless they were able to benefit him in one way or another.
He waited a few more moments, and he imagined the event had to be coming to an end, and took a peek through the door. He scanned the room, and as expected, there was no sign of Ibarin.
When entering the room, Kelly's hawk eyes had spotted Raze, and she had quickened her pace toward him. When she reached him, she gave a slight respectful bow.
"Did you manage to get what you needed?" Kelly asked.
"More or less, everything has somewhat worked out in the end."
The event had only lasted a few moments more, and the other teachers in the room stated that they would escort the guests as well as the students out of the academy. The teachers led the way, and as they left the place, a mage was standing guard and looked to be doing some type of register, looking at the guests as they left, which reassured Raze that he had done the right thing in making sure that he had left with Kelly.
Some of the students were getting in their flying vehicles, or were using other modes of transportation, while some were using the same train that they had used to get in.
For a brief moment, Raze's eyes had made contact with Alen, who was with his sister Aurora, who had quite the smile on his face.
"Hey, can you not embarrass me," Aurora said, hitting her brother with her shoulder. "I wanted you to do something cool today, and all you've been is pretty lame. Ahh! I'm not in the best of moods!"
At the station, Kelly was getting ready to leave, and she turned back to look at Jake; she was about to purchase two tickets for them like they had done before, but she noticed that he hadn't been following right behind her, like they had done so far.
Taking a few steps back, she soon went back to him. "What's wrong?" She asked.
"This is where the two of us part ways again," Raze replied.
With everything that had happened today and spending the full day with someone for the first time, Kelly had almost completely forgotten that the Dark Spirit needed to go. That this day, where she would have someone right by her side, wouldn't last, that it was always meant to be a temporary thing.
"We will meet again at the regular meetings, and don't forget the task that I have given you. It will be quite important," Raze said.
Kelly nodded, but she wanted to say something else as well, something that she was a little too afraid to say but had decided to anyway.
"Thank you for today," Kelly said. "I know you came because you needed to do something, but today, you did things that you didn't need to, and had to pretend to be my brother, so I have to say thank you."
Raze was happy to hear those words; it reminded him a lot of the times his students would thank him when he helped them with their issues as well. In a way, it was what he had enjoyed; it was problem-solving. Whether it was to do with the world of magic or not, he enjoyed the challenge.
"I have something to say to you myself," Raze added. "The path that you wish to take, I have been down that path myself before, and I don't think it is a good one for you to choose. Because, there is a big difference between me and you, who had both lost everything back then. You are still young; you still have time to make relations with people that will continue to be by your side. People that will be willing to bring you out of the Darkness. I want you to do me a favor. If you ever find a light, someone that is willing to bring you out of the Darkness, then take it, take that hand, and forget about this world. Forget about the Dark Guild and leave it, because the longer you are in it, the harder it will be for you to leave before you can never escape."
Raze could feel his body weakening, and before he could even hear a response, he needed to go. He had to rush off, as he ran away from the train station, heading to somewhere private, away from the eyes of others for his body to disappear.
While looking at him, the words, Kelly truly was listening to them.
'Well, maybe you are my light,' Kelly thought.
A short while after the appearance at the Central Mage Academy, Ibarin had quickly left because there had been a call.
He was currently in a pitch-black room; there was no light and no way to see who else was in the room, but Ibarin knew that there were only five in the room.
"I have called the Grand Magus here for no small reason. It seems that there is word of a name being spread around in the world of Pagna.
"I'm not sure if it's anything we need to worry about or some type of coincidence, but there is someone there known as the Dark Magus."



Chapter 326 Back On Track
Returning back, Raze opened his eyes and could see he was back in the cave. Everything was left untouched the way it was before he had used the astral projection skill, and the pills that had been left out had completely been used, all of them.
The energy from his body had almost completely disappeared. His chest was slightly in pain, and he could hardly feel the flow of mana or that of Qi that was in his body.
Even his palms were covered in sweat as he instantly laid down back on the floor, just taking in deep breaths.
'This state I'm in, it's affecting the Qi in my dantian as well. This didn't happen the last time I used the technique.
'The higher stage of the body, the less the mana leaked from the body. It seems that this body is more related to using the technique than I thought.
'I'm completely drained in more ways than one.'
Raze always thought he had a blessing with him, having both a magic core and a Qi dantian. Having both meant if he ran out of one, he could always use the power of the other in extreme situations.
Right now, though, that didn't seem to be the case. All of his energy had depleted from him. He had to admit, there had to be some cost since he was using a technique that would make his body appear in another world, and he had spent a lot of time there this last time.
'Taking in so many Qi pills to boost my mana isn't the best solution either. If I can increase the stage of my body more and more, things should get better for me.
'It also makes me wonder, if I reach the middle stages, if there is a way for me to use some of my Pagna techniques as well. Although it might be impossible.'
The spirit body that was created on the other side was completely made of mana, which was why he was unable to draw out his Qi.
If he did, then maybe he would have been able to put up more of a fight against Alen back there as well.
'My head is pounding as well; I guess that's the effects of the pills. I thought I had overprepared for any situation to come out of this little visit, but it seems I prepared just enough.'
'I guess it's a good thing that I won't be going back there for a while.'
After waiting for his headache to fade away and for his Qi to restore, Raze was thinking of a number of things that had happened so far, and he had come to the normal conclusion he usually did after running into a tough enemy.
'I'm too weak at the moment. I received this blazer that certainly has improved my strength, but it's not enough. For me to be strong in Alterian, I need to increase my star level.'
'And without improving my stage, I still won't be strong enough to go up against the academy either.'
Once Raze had recovered most of his Qi, he had decided it was best to leave the cave. Originally, he was going to head back to the academy, but more still needed to be done.
When leaving the cave, Raze had decided to keep his blazer on rather than change to the hooded robe he had.
The robe gathered too much attention and heat at the moment, and although the blazer would stand out in terms of most of those from Pagna, it wouldn't for all.
Since some of the merchants and those rich snobs from the general world seemed to wear clothing similar to it.
Besides, the Blazer was something that Raze needed to wear with pride.
'People will know what I look like, but it's time for the Dark Magus to hide in plain sight, while they think the real Dark Magus will have gone into complete hiding.'
When entering the city of Repton, Raze's appearance had turned a few heads here and there. With his white hair and blazer that fitted him perfectly, he stood out in more ways than one.
The general public as well as other warriors, especially the female ones, seemed to have their eyes linger on his body a bit longer.
They were noticing his well-toned body and how dignified such clothing could look.
Those that usually wore the same type of clothing as Raze didn't quite have the right body shape to go with it, and it was the first time they saw someone so fitting wear such a thing.
The word of such a well-dressed and sharp-looking person had managed to catch the eyes of someone who Raze was looking for before he could find him.
"You're a well-dressed snazzy person!" Fixteen asked in the middle of the street.
He had only seen Raze's real appearance a couple of times, in the rooms here and there, but the hood's special enchanted effect would usually cover up what he actually looked like.
"Oh, I actually returned to look for you because I have a request."
Seeing how it wasn't the best place for the two of them to talk, Fixteen had decided for both of them to head to a local drinking spot down one of the street's alleyways.
It was a prompt meeting so they hadn't gone to the usual large restaurant they would do.
The place was quite small, with only a few tables, and the two of them sat at the back ordering a couple of round-bottomed drinks. The bottles formed out of some type of clay with a cork at the top that needed to be pulled out first.
"I get a bit nervous when you seek me out," Fixteen commented. "I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing, and I'm wondering why you look so different."
 Fixteen himself was at the fifth stage, just a rank under Dame. When they had first met the Dark Magus that day, Fixteen would have said that he still could have taken the Dark Magus on.
Now, he had heard the rumors of the Dark Magus being a demon that could even fight against those that were in the Behemoth Clan.
And right now, there was this resounding energy flowing off him, making him feel like Dame. Fixteen wouldn't dare try to fight him on his own now, not without the help of a few others.
"I wanted to ask about a dimension gate," Raze asked. "There should be some that the Neverfall Clan owns, right? I was wondering if you would be able to help get me in one."
Returning the way Raze had come from, he was a little worried that there would be more mages present due to the mess that he had made.
So he needed a new place to absorb the crystal that had been gifted to him from Crimson Crane. It would allow him to become a 4-star mage.
And while he was in there, there was also a chance he could increase his stage to the 6th stage, making him hit the peak of the initial stage.
Raze truly wished that he could reach the middle stage before possibly going up against the academy, but it was looking less likely.
"I can get you into one. There are some that access is allowed into, as long as a payment is made, but you would have to join another group.
"And there's another thing, this dimension gate is owned by the Behemoth Clan, so it's best if you keep it on the down low."
Raze nodded; he was happy that there was a chance for him to go into another gate. He didn't need too much time in there, just enough time for him to absorb the crystal.
Then he would see what went on from there, but he did have another question to ask.
"The Behemoth Clan, they were the ones that attacked me, right? So I was just wondering, do you think it's okay if I take on the Dimension Boss as well?" Raze asked.
Fixteen started to shake his head violently and then thought about what he had heard about the Dark Magus so far.
"I mean, you've already made an enemy of them, so I guess you can do what you like, as long as you don't get caught."
It was just a little longer now, just a little longer for Raze before he returned to the academy. The assessment still had two more weeks, so he still had time before the other teachers got involved, to get as strong as he possibly could.
He just hoped the others would be alright during that time.



Chapter 327 Adding Mayhem
The main clans, as well as Principal Murkel Dockthorn, were keeping an eye out on what was happening at the current assessment.
Although they weren't fully aware of what was happening underground, what they had been keeping note of was how many people were still alive in each underground area.
Once in a while, one of the teachers would proceed to head through their own network of tunnels and speak to those that were on the other side.
The situation would be explained, and in exchange for them knowing what had occurred, they would be rewarded with partial food.
Which was why they were quite aware that next to nothing had taken place in the first-year Red Headband group.
Even after the little visit, they found it strange that still no one was acting out.
"All the other areas have been progressing quite nicely," Murkel commented, sitting in his grand chair at the main building of the academy.
"The stage increases we have seen with the final students have been remarkable. This sort of progress can only be done this way, and while the students are at the initial stage.
"But what we need is the main disciples to increase more than anything. If they aren't able to reach the peak of the initial stage, then this whole thing will be pointless at the grand martial arts tournament."
Standing by the principal's side was the vice-principal, Amir, who had just reported the gathered information.
"I think we should be careful; the students could have a bad taste in their mouth if we continue to push them further, and if they reach the 6th stage, while this distaste is in their mouth, it could make them an even bigger enemy for us to go against," Amir commented.
Murkel was tapping his finger on the side before he answered.
"You have a strange view; these students belong to the clans. They joined, and when they joined, they knew the roles of the clans.
"They are ours. If they can't get through this, then they are just the ones that are unable to proceed. Don't tell me you have the perception that every life is worth the same."
"There are those that have the power to create great change, and in creating great change, we change the lives of many beneath us."
"Our clan is strong and able to gather resources and food, and protecting our land due to our strength. Those that aren't able to even help in the fight are worthless."
"Just like the animals that are slaughtered for food, at least they have their worth in growing out strength. So someone that can't even be worth food, we should happily get rid of them."
"We need to proceed. Proceed in making those that will be worth something."
Amir had given his warning, and since he wasn't principal, there wasn't much he could do but bow down and go ahead with the next phase.
In the underground facilities, the groups and people were more split up than ever, and that included the main disciples that were no longer standing next to each other after the death of one of their own.
That was when a click was heard. Dame and the others were in their seclusion rooms doing their normal training, but the sound of something heavy could be heard opening up.
And they had no doubt in their mind where it was coming from; it was the Dark Space.
"Did they open the doors from above again?" Safa asked. "That means, have the teachers entered once more?"
Dame decided that it was best for them to check it out and had entered into the hallway that would lead to the main room.
When entering the hallway, to his surprise, there were two others that were there as well.
Simyon nearly jumped right back into his seclusion room.
"It's a surprise to see that the two of you are brave enough to come down here after what happened last time," Dame commented.
"Do you think you own the area of the Dark Space or something?" Mada commented back.
To which Ricktor couldn't help but just smile at who was next to him.
Two of the main disciples had decided to check out just what was going on. None of the other Red Headband users, including the other main disciples, wanted to dare to venture further in after what had occurred last time.
Either way, the group felt like they didn't need to worry about each other. Once enemies in a way, now all of them were walking side by side as they went down the hallway into the Dark Space.
"Stop," Dame said as soon as they took a few steps in. "Can you hear that?"
All of them were silent, not making a single sound, and they could hear it; it was the sound of breathing.
"There's someone in here, but isn't Raze in here anyway?" Mada said.
Of course, the others knew that it wasn't Raze; he had already escaped from this place.
 "No, can't you hear it," Safa said, closing her eyes. Leading a life with no voice, she had used her other senses to the fullest more so compared to others.
She could feel it. "There are several people in here, their breaths, there were at least twenty more people in here."
They could hear it, but for what reason would there be twenty more people inside, and why were all of them breathing so heavily?
Once more, even though the group were talking, none of them were speaking back.
"Where did you guys come from?" Liam eventually asked. "Come on, speak up, if you have the balls then answer us!"
There still wasn't a word, but all of them had an idea. Of where these people were from, and before they knew it, footsteps could be heard shuffling.
The first one to act to this was Dame, as he lifted his hand and threw out a Qi-filled fist. It had landed solidly on the person, sending them flying back.
They couldn't hear what had happened, only a thud and a shout of pain right after.
"ARHHH!"
Now held in Dame's hand, he looked down closely, focusing the Qi on his eyes to see a bit better. "This is another Red Headband," Dame commented.
"These guys, do you think all of them are from the other assessments that were going on? Do you think they've finally put us all in a room together?" Simyon commented and he was right.
There were only a few left in all of the second-year assessment rooms that were being done. In order to progress and make it so the Main Disciples could evolve even more.
They had decided it was best to place them all in the same underground facility as each other.
"We should get out of here, where there is some light!" Ricktor said, as he had moved back feeling a cut on his chest.
He had already been attacked while down here and was bleeding.
"We're at a disadvantage in the dark!" Ricktor claimed.
"I have a feeling that we might be surrounded right now," Liam commented, even though they could hardly see in front of them.
Liam had already tried to head back down the hallway, and similarly, he felt a strong, almost swipe, scratch against him. He had blocked the attack with his arm, but that was cut up badly as well.
"How about we call a little truce," Ricktor commented. "It seems the only way out right now is to fight ourselves out, and rather than trying to get at each other's throats.
"It will be more beneficial if we take these guys out."



Chapter 328 The drive for power
In the darkness, the sound of the others fighting was heard, and the group of people had come up with their own tactic to fend off those fighting them.
In the first place, it was almost impossible for all of them to see, and covering their backs from the attacks was a hard thing for them to do as well.
Which was why Ricktor had made a suggestion of a truce. After the others had agreed, all of them had gone back to back with each other.
Now they at least knew that they just had to worry about what was in front of them; still, their movements were limited, and nearly all of them had been struck a few times.
"Are you not going to help?" Ricktor said as he lifted up his sword and swung it down. When he did, a large line of Qi struck out in a straight line, attacking ahead and hitting the wall on the other side.
However, it had hit no one; he could tell that they had avoided his strike.
"In this situation, it would be unfair if I were to help; this is something that you must all overcome," Dame commented from the sideline away from the group, and after saying those words, he had moved position.
He had been observing things so far and was able to tell a few things. For one, most of those that were attacking were now Stage 4 warriors.
They had jumped from stage 1, stage 2, all the way to stage 4. In such a short amount of time, it would have been an impossibility, unless they were put in a situation like this.
Where they were going up against everyone else, and everyone was desperately fighting for their lives. The body had no choice but to bring forward whatever potential one had and help them survive.
If the others were able to get so much stronger due to these trials, then maybe this is what they needed. They too needed to face the reality of the trials and try to grow.
"These guys, they are a lot better at fighting in the darkness than us. We have no choice; we have to try to get out of here," Mada suggested.
"I think they are able to track where we are from noise. The moment we try to move out of here, all of them will attack us at once," Ricktor replied.
The way they were talking about them, it wasn't as if fellow students were down here with them. It sounded as if they were talking about a pack of wild beasts, and it certainly felt that way when they were facing them.
"Hey, so you're saying if we had something like a human meat shield, then things would be fine, right?" Liam suggested. "Then I have just the friend. This is what you've been training for."
"What!" Simyon shouted, knowing full well that they were talking about him.
"Come on, isn't this what you imagined: a situation where none of us can do anything, and you're the only one that can help us! You're the hero, the hero at taking hits!"
Simyon had been mostly blocking so far, since he didn't really use a weapon, he had less range than those attacking him, and there was one person he was worried about, which was Safa.
"Alright fine, I'll run forward, and when I do, I'll scream as loud as possible, you guys, stay right behind me!" Simyon said.
He took a deep breath in, and right after, he had sprinted forward.
"ARGHHHH!" Simyon yelled at the top of his lungs.
While running forward, immediately he felt something swing at his ribs, hitting him with Qi, but like a bulldozer, he continued to run forward.
Then he felt someone climb onto his back, trying to use their hands to rip at his neck, but the Qi covering his body, and his special metallic body, was making it hard for them to dig into his skin.
Eventually, Simyon had entered into the hallway, and as he went past the seclusion rooms, small rays of light were seen on him.
Those from behind could see that the attackers were clinging onto him doing whatever they could.
Seeing this, Safa shifted forward as fast as she could and lunged her wooden spear forward, stabbing one right in the back.
The student had fallen onto the floor, and everyone jumped at the same time, avoiding the body.
It was only a short distance now, a short distance until they were in the lit-up room.
Simyon burst through into the lit-up arena, and all of the Red Headband students were standing, looking at who had just entered.
They could hear the sound of fighting and a commotion going on, including the yelling of Simyon. They were ready for anything that was going to come through that door, but they weren't ready for this.
Simyon had three people piled on top of him, hanging on every part of his body. With his hand, he held onto one of the students, and the glove, it started to spark slightly.
"I'm telling you to get off me!" Simyon shouted.
The person's body shook uncontrollably, and with the strength of one arm, Simyon threw one of them onto the floor.
There was another that was held onto his leg, and as Simyon was ready to get that person off from his body, he saw a red furious sword coming off from the side.
The person had let go, trying to block the attack, but was hit by the sword and flung in the air until they had crashed into the side of the wall.
 "I won't let anyone else harm my sweet toy," Ricktor claimed with a smile and licked his lips.
Being thankful to Ricktor, it just didn't appear like it could be the case for him.
Soon, Safa, Dame, Mada, and Liam had all entered the room after, but as they ran in, chasing behind them like a horde of zombies were several of the other headband students.
The look in their eyes, they didn't appear sane; their bodies were quite thin, and their movements around the place, it was exactly like that of beasts.
Immediately, the other Red Headband users that were in the room had no choice as they picked up their weapons.
One of them lifted their sword up, but as they were hit by a wild swing from the attackers, they felt their whole bodies shifting across the ground.
Lisa, one of the main disciples, noticed this as well; she went and hit one right in the stomach, but he didn't go back far and had managed to recover, throwing out a kick that had hit her hard on the side of her head.
"All of these guys, they're higher-stage warriors than us; how are we meant to win this?" Lisa thought.
Dame, who was observing everything, what he had found which was even more interesting was why these twenty students who had all been through the same thing were not attacking each other.
Instead, they had decided to attack those that had been in the assessment area from the beginning. He could only come up with one conclusion.
'They survived by attacking those that were weak. Those that they thought were an easy target. They did whatever they could to obtain power.'
"And now, the rest of you need to do the same. The world of Pagna is a fight to the death; survive, and when you survive, never forget this feeling, and use it to go against the ones that put you in this situation in the first place!" Dame clenched his fist, wishing them all good luck.



Chapter 329 Joining A Party
Raze had arrived at the location that had been given to him by Fixteen. The area seemed like barren land as the orange ground was beneath their feet, and as far as the eyes could see, there looked to be next to nothing in the area.
There was no forest, no beautiful landscape of hills or mountains; instead, just a few large rocks that would stick out here and there.
It was the same place as where he was at right now. There was a single large rock that covered the sun, allowing him to get some shade.
The thing was, it was quite clear that he was in the right place, and that was due to all the people that were around.
There had to be at least fifty other warriors, each of them with weapons in their hands, and their bodies or on their backs.
Most of the people had gathered in groups, ready to enter the dimension gate that could be seen up ahead.
Set up next to the dimension gate was a makeshift building. It wasn't a tent or anything, but a building that looked like those in Repton City.
It was wide with a slanted roof but had these large sliding doors that were currently slid open.
Inside, there was a man sitting at the desk, and there were a few others behind him as well next to the gate.
Looking at his wrist, right now Raze had a bracelet that he had already received from the table.
'Fixteen had already paid for everything and set it up for me. So all I had to do was head over and give them the fake name of 'Jake.' I thought they might have recognized me or asked what was up with what I was wearing, but I guess I'm fine,' Raze thought to himself.
Those that were protecting the gate and were set up in the building were the Behemoth Clan. Raze had recognized their symbol and clothing and now knew who to avoid in certain situations.
He felt somewhat happy that he didn't wear his robe because he saw them immediately reject some who were wearing robes, telling them to change.
They must have quite the large hatred for the Dark Magus at the moment.
Right now though, Raze was wearing his special blazer that had been made for him, and he had bought an iron grey mask to place on his face.
Dame currently still had the transformation mask, and since Raze was a student of the Dark Faction Academy, there was a chance that someone would recognize him in the future if he did just show his face around the place.
Which was why he had decided to wear the mask in the first place. Some others were wearing masks anyway, so Raze didn't feel like he was a complete idiot.
'I wonder how much the payment is from each of these. It's clear that they're not from the Behemoth Clan and are wanderers as well as other clans. It must be quite profitable for them.'
"We're looking for a fifth member!" A man shouted with his hands cupped by his mouth. "We need a fifth member to join the expedition."
"Come join us; we give fair distribution among all!" Another person shouted.
It was as Fixteen said. There were groups that didn't have the five required to enter the portal standing outside looking to recruit others.
Entering dimensions wasn't always the order of their clans, and it seemed like some people had decided to enter just to gather crystals or train up.
However, there were also always wanderers that wished to enter the dimensions, and most wanderers worked alone. So they would need to team up with clans or other groups of people to enter the dimension.
'He said I wouldn't have a problem, but that means I need to go forward and try and join one of these groups,' Raze thought.
There were so many to choose from, and Raze could see some of the groups already talking to individual wanderers. He just didn't know who to approach.
In the end, he decided to just go and head toward the group of people that were closest to him.
The group itself looked like a clan. All of them were wearing the long martial arts cloth on their bodies, dark in color with a dark blue trim around.
There was a female archer and a male archer in the group, a spear user, and a sword user. The male with long hair wrapped up in a ponytail was the one that shouted and was asking for recruits, so Raze assumed he was the leader of the group.
"Would it be okay if I joined you guys? I'm a wanderer, so I don't belong to any clan," Raze asked, giving them the line that Fixteen had prepared for him.
Raze could see that the young man and other members were looking him up and down, trying to assess him.
"What weapon do you use? And what position do you usually fight in?" The man asked.
Raze was a little confused by this question, but he pointed to the sword that was on his side and on his back. The real swords that he had enchanted with various effects so they could help him out in a number of situations, including the ghost blade.
"Ah, a swordsman I see. Well, the issue is we already have a swordsman; in our party, we were really looking for someone who is more of a brute or knows some defense techniques to protect the group."
"That wouldn't be a problem," Raze said. "I can play any role you want me to; I can even support from far away if you want.
"I just request that there is some time where I can kinda do my own thing."
 The request from Raze was a real head-scratcher for the group, and judging by the way Raze was answering, they could only think one thing.
"It's your first time, right?" The guy said. "I'm sorry, but we don't want to waste our time looking after someone in all of this; we're hoping to get a lot out of this raid, so it's best you look for another group."
Raze didn't argue; he also didn't want to waste his time, so instead he walked off to another lot.
"Thank the heavens you turned him down," the archer said. "That guy, we would've had to have held his hand the entire way. I mean, did you hear his voice? He didn't understand a thing. He'll be lucky if he comes out of this entire thing alive."
Raze continued to head to other groups, and many of them were turning him down due to the odd requests he would make.
For one of them, Raze thought the distribution of crystals was unfair. What if he killed twice or three times as much as them? Why should the crystals be evenly split between them all?
To which, Raze continued, until he found one group, a young man with a friendly smile on his face, along with three other girls in his group, as if he was running a type of harem party.
"Hey, you're free to join us; we need one more. The name's Plon," the friendly man said with a large shield on his back.
The other girls had swords, while one of them had a spear, but there was no archer in the group like most of the others had.
"I overheard you speaking; you said you could play any position, right? Do you think you can help support us from the back in a way?"
Raze looked at his swords; without using his magic, it would be a little more difficult, but he could still help out.
"I have a couple of requests; I need to go off on my own for a little while at the beginning. Are you free to wait around until I'm ready, and the distribution of power stones. What I kill, I get to keep."
The woman standing in the back didn't particularly like Raze's tone of voice or the way they were talking to the young one.
"Hmm, that will be hard to do; why don't we do it like this? If we fight beasts together as a party, those will be split, if we're going against one beast, but whatever you kill on your own, you're free to keep."
It seemed like the best deal Raze was going to get, so he nodded in agreement.
The other groups which had denied Raze all were looking at him, and had overheard their conversations.
"How does he expect to support with a sword? It's not like he has sword Qi or anything like that," one of the groups said.
The original group that Raze had approached was being led by a clan member named Fin. "We all know what it's like to desperately want to go on one of these raids. I don't blame him for saying he's happy to fill any position."
"But the way he was talking about the power stone distribution. It's almost like he's looking down on the other groups. I guess to be big-headed is the trait of the young."
With all the parties set up, the Behemoth Clan had made an announcement. They were ready for each of the groups to enter, group by group, and begin their hunt.
"Please remember to continually communicate with each other about how many beasts you have killed. If the Dimension boss is summoned, all groups must exit immediately!" The man shouted.
To which everyone nodded, heading inside.
Back at the city of Repton, the Crimson Crane had just arrived. After the scuffle they had, they were now hiding themselves a bit more, for fear they would cause another chaotic mess with the Behemoth Clan.
They had to arrive though because they were meeting up with Fixteen, to buy more of the Dark Magus' product.
In a hooded shape, Alba was sitting across a table in an inn with Fixteen.
"He did what!" Alba shouted, nearly jumping from her seat. "He went in there all on his own… we… we have to help him."



Chapter 330 A big Leach, 4 Star Mage
The group dressed in dark-colored robes had eventually found their fifth member. It was another well-known wanderer who had a reputation for visiting these dimensions already.
Graft was what he went by, and he had been a great help in supporting others with handy items as well as knowing information about the dimensions they were entering.
"Thank you for letting me into your group," the wanderer said. "I heard a few things about your clan. The Necroshade Clan has been earning great achievements."
"Thank you," Fin replied. The others behind him had overheard the compliments, but they turned away as if they weren't really listening. "We are still but a small clan in terms of the larger ones in the Demonic Faction."
"In times of need, no one cares where one comes from," Graft replied. "Which is why I have to ask, I saw another wanderer approach before me, is there a reason why you rejected him."
Graft was quite curious, especially about other wanderers. In some ways, the life of a wanderer was tougher than those from a clan. Since both were considered Pagna warriors, just that one didn't have the backing of a clan. Because of this, they had a lack of resources and were more easily attacked.
In a sense, wanderers felt some type of duty to try and help each other out, in order to make it easier on others.
"He was just a leech!" one of the female clan members said, walking forward. "From the questions he was asking, it seemed like he had never even been in a dimension before. Who knows how he obtained the money to even get in here."
"I see, entering a dimension with a newcomer is dangerous indeed," Graft replied.
"Exactly, we are already all risking our lives heading in there, and they want us to look after them. He's probably here expecting to be dragged along and getting crystals for making no effort at all," the female continued.
"Even the wanderers here have strength. It's a give-and-take world, but I've seen more and more that are like him recently."
"People like you have merit, but it seems like ever since the Crimson Crane has made a name for themselves, becoming this large wanderer group, that they believe they have more say, right?"
It was clear that she was looking for support from her leader, but Fin just stared ahead in the direction of the man.
'He seemed a bit too confident to be new at this, but his confidence and words don't match up. I just hope we made the right decision.'
Every group soon entered the portal one by one, and as they did, they appeared on the other side, having arrived in a whole new world.
Immediately, the warriors could feel the tall grass reaching their knees. All around them, they could see large fields of greenery.
It was only grass, though. There were hardly any signs of trees or any other plants, just some hills of grass here and there.
It was almost like a desert of grass all around them. Right next to their side, similar to the other side, a large warehouse-like building stood there.
The floor was partially concrete underneath it, but the building itself looked to have seen better days. Part of the roof had already been destroyed, and there were giant crates left in places covered in moss.
"Did the Behemoth Clan build that?" one of the others asked.
"No, that's a relic. It was part of the dimension when they entered," Graft replied, having done his research on the place. "This area truly is like a large desert of tall grass.
"The enemy are creatures that are similar to dogs. You have to be careful as the tall grass hides their appearance. Spread throughout the area are places like this warehouse here, though.
"Large buildings with concrete underneath them. Places that seemed to be abandoned. In there, you will be able to find more beasts and fight them a lot easier than in the grass."
The groups were already on their way, heading off in different directions. There was a single Behemoth Clan member that was with them.
Every half an hour, each group was to return with a member and report just how many beasts they had killed. This way they could roughly gauge when the Dimension Boss would show up.
Before that happened, he would order the others to return.
However, it wouldn't always be accurate; there was a chance the Dimension Boss would turn up anyway, and if that did happen, they all needed to exit out of the place immediately and not attempt to fight it, unless they wanted to anger the Behemoth Clan.
"So where should we go, Plon?" one of the females asked.
"The whole area kind of looks the same, I don't think it matters where we go. Let's just wander around and find some beasts to deal with, is that okay?" Plon turned to look at Raze, the newcomer that was with them.
However, Raze didn't seem to be paying attention and instead was just looking around the area. With so much open field, there wasn't really a good place for him to do things discreetly, apart from the large warehouse that was already by their side.
Everyone was leaving the place anyway, and the Behemoth Clan member was standing by the entrance, so if he was to head in there, it wouldn't be too much of a problem.
"Do you need me to be with you?" Raze asked.
"Ah, right, you said you would need to do something on your own. I mean, as a group, it would be safer together. I know you might be strong, but still, I think we should stick together," Plon replied.
"Very well," Raze replied. "Then, if you can just wait a few moments. I promise that I will be back; you can stay here, and I will return.
"If you do this favor for me, then I will help you out greatly in gathering crystals."
 "Oh, come on!" one of the girls complained. "Everyone is going to get a head start, and we're really going to wait for this guy.
"What if all of the beasts are killed by the time he comes out."
Nearly all three of the other girls felt the same way as well, but they listened to Plon.
"If that happens, we'll just go to another dimension. It's fine, we will wait; you better hurry then," Plon said.
Raze bowed down slightly, thanking the person, as he rushed off into the warehouse.
Fin and his group had overheard everything.
"See, I told you, a leech, he's even slowing the other group down. It's a good thing that we didn't let him join our group, Fin."
Fin still watched, wondering what the man was doing, but he soon focused on the task ahead. They needed to gather crystals.
When Raze entered the warehouse, it was empty inside. Scraps of metal were here and there, and the place was entirely rusted.
The good thing was, there was no sign of human or beast life in here. Which meant he could do what he had been meaning to do for a long time.
Dark magic looked to escape from under his sleeve, and appearing in his hand was the level 5 power stone.
'Let's become a 4-star mage.'



Chapter 331 Ranged Attacker, that works
Plon and the group of three women that were along with him for the current assessment were patiently waiting. They didn't stay out of sight of the warehouse but were still just walking through the grassy areas here and there.
"Oh come on, I thought he just needed to go to the toilet or something," one of the women complained. "But this is taking a lot longer than a toilet break."
"I know what you mean," the other sighed and knelt down to the point where the long grass was almost touching her nose. "The longer we are out here, the more I can imagine them just getting everything for themselves."
"Hey, hey, just save your breath, alright," Plon replied. "We are all wanderers just like him, and we were probably in the same situation at one point.
"Look, we want to become just as great as the Crimson Crane someday, and I want to do it our way. Who knows, maybe they will hear about how kind we are to other wanderers, and we will get invited to be part of their group."
"What, stage 3 warriors like us. All of the members of the Crimson Crane are at least at the middle stage," the other woman commented.
"That's not true," Plon said, as he took out his shield and dug it into the ground in front of him. He started to lean on it and placed his face on top of the shield, looking at the other three.
"Didn't you hear that the Dark Magus joined them, and I heard he's just an alchemist."
"Wait, isn't that the alchemist that took out like fifty of their members, the one they're calling the new demon?" one of the others replied. "I don't think that's a normal alchemist."
While ready to make a counter-argument, there and then, Plon could see something moving through the tall grass. It was rapidly changing directions but was heading straight for them.
"Look out!" Plon shouted.
Immediately from the tall grass, a four-legged creature, dark green in color but with glowing yellow eyes, leaped up from the grass and into the air.
On its back, there was a bud that looked like a type of plant. The bud opened up, and small seed objects shot out from it.
It had hit two of the girls that were close by; they were too slow to block the attack and took the hit. It felt like a large rock had hit them, and they cried out in pain.
"Ah!"
However, it wasn't a fatal blow because the real attack was headed toward another.
Thankfully, due to Plon's warning, the woman had managed to pull out her sword in time, and she swung it out, clashing it against the beast's teeth.
The attack was powerful, even with her Qi and timing, she was sent skidding across the ground.
"This thing is tough!" She called out, and when looking up had lost sight of the beast in the tall grass.
This was one of the reasons why they were told to enter with groups. It was an initial stage dimension, but an area where the beasts were at the third level.
Each beast would drop a level 3 power stone at least, and due to the terrain, it was harder for them to face than they initially thought.
"Crap, we need more help!" One of them called out as they moved, heading closer to where Plon was aiming to stay behind his shield.
Inside the large warehouse building, Raze had set up all the preparations that were needed. He had drawn the magic circle on the ground and was sitting cross-legged.
Now the level 5 power stone, given as a gift from the Crimson Crane leader Alba, was ready to be absorbed.
'If it was a level 4 power stone, then I'm not too sure it would do the trick, but since it's a level 5 power stone, it should be able to push me to the 4th star!'
The magic circle lit up, and the stone's energy was starting to disintegrate into small particles. As it did, the particles were being absorbed into Raze's skin. Then it began to move to his magic core.
The swirling magic ball that surrounded his heart was growing with power and getting bigger.
'When a magic core is complete, a large surge of magic fills the area. The higher the stage, the more magic. If I was to do this in the world of Pagna, then no doubt would it cause a portal break, which is why I have no choice but to do it here.'
The crystal lifted up more so to the point where it was around chest height. Slowly, as if magnetized, it started to move right toward Raze's chest.
His eyes lit up with a glowing light, and the mana was swirling all around him, moving the pieces of metal objects.
The three women were able to head over to where Plon was, but it felt like they were no closer to hurting the beast.
Once in a while it would jump from a certain direction trying to attack them. Plon would lift his shield to defend, but when the others went to attack, from the flower bud on its back, several seeds would either hit the item or them before they got the chance to defeat the beast.
"I thought you said you wanted to see a beast, well now that we have a beast why aren't you dealing with it?" Plon asked, he charged forward blocking the jumping strike from the beast again.
 It quickly went back into the bush where they were unable to see.
"Maybe if you got someone that could have supported us better, then with the five of us, we wouldn't be in this mess. Or we could have gone to one of those concrete areas where we could see the thing."
Out of anger, lifting up her sword, filled with Qi, a flowing downward strike was made. It hit the ground, and dirt flung up, the area around the grass had disappeared.
The attack did nothing to harm the beast as it leaped out from the side. Dashing forward with his footwork, Plon was able to block the attack in the air once more, saving her from getting dealt a blow.
"I'm doing my part, protecting you guys from getting hit, so it's time that you guys do your part now!" Plon stated.
In the middle of their mess while regrouping, that's when one of the females in the group could see someone walking into the long grass.
They were walking slowly, wearing a blazer uniform and had an iron mask on his face.
"Finally, the guy decides to show up."
"Wait, if he just enters like this, he'll be in danger, the beast will attack him!"
However, the beast was still busy going through the long grass dealing with them.
As Raze walked closer to the group, he reached toward his back, holding onto the sword. Seeing the situation, he made a quick change with one of the other enchanted swords.
At that moment, the beast leaped up in the air. Its mouth was wide open. Plon got into position ready to stop the attack.
"Crimson Slash!"
Out from the side, a long line of aura had come out, and sliced right through the beast. Its body fell apart mid-air, falling to the ground.
The entire group was frozen in place for a moment as they slowly turned their heads to look at Raze, still standing a few meters away.
"Let's go hunt," Raze said.