CHAPTER-1
1 Chapter 1, Energy Points

Morigin era, year 832.
Rumble! Rumble!
Patter! Patter!
Lightning flashed and thunder roared, rainwater dripped continuously from the eaves.
The water droplets smashed onto the stone floor, shattering and splashing like pearls falling onto a jade plate, resounding with crisp and pleasant sounds.
Inside the room under the eaves, a young boy, not yet ten years old, lay on a simple wooden bed, his face pale and wrapped in a washed-out white quilt.
In a corner of the room, by the stove, a frail young girl stood up.
As lightning sparked, the faint light from the broken window spilled onto her. She stood not more than five feet tall, with fair skin and a naive, slightly delicate, facial appearance and wore a set of gray linen clothes.
Not bothering to wipe the sweat from her forehead, she carefully poured the medicinal soup from the stove into a prepared clay bowl before hurriedly approaching the bedside.
“Xiaoyun, the medicine is ready. Once you drink it, you’ll get better quickly.”
The girl gently blew on the spoonful of soup and, trembling, brought it to the boy’s lips as she whispered softly.
At that moment, a streak of light pierced the sky, shining brilliantly and dazzlingly, and for an instant, outshining the flickering lightning and illuminating the gloomy, dark sky like daylight.
“Drink the medicine, Ayun, drink the medicine!”
Anxiously trying to get her brother to swallow the medicine, the girl didn’t notice a wisp of divine light flying into the room and merging into the boy’s brow.
“Gulp…”
“Gulp…”
The boy’s throat moved slightly as he swallowed the medicine, followed by the sound of the girl’s surprise and excitement:
“Little brother…”
Lu Yun only felt a sharp, tingling, numb sensation throughout his body as if every bone and muscle had separated. Accompanied by this indescribable pain, he gradually sensed a torrent of chaotic information merging into his consciousness.
Spirit Creek Village.
Cloud Dream Mountain.
Lu Yun woke up slowly in a worn-out room.
In that instant, a series of sporadic memories flooded his mind, both strange and familiar.
For a long time, as the memories digested, Lu Yun’s heart was filled with mixed emotions.
Excitement, joy, worry, fear…
“Transmigration has always been a legend. I never thought it would happen to me today.”
Since he had come, Lu Yun quickly accepted the reality that his soul had crossed over.
By coincidence, the person his soul had transmigrated into was also called Lu Yun.
According to the memories in his mind, this was a world of martial arts, where sects contended, aristocratic families vied for power, regional governors battled, and bandits roamed unchecked.
Furthermore, demon beasts occasionally launched beast tides, wreaking havoc on the mortal world.
The original owner of this body was an ordinary farmer’s boy with a weak constitution. After a severe illness, his consciousness faded and was replaced by Lu Yun!
“It truly is a wondrous world…”
As Lu Yun slowly sat up and prepared to get out of bed, the door suddenly creaked open, and a frail figure appeared in his vision.
“Xiaoyun…” Overwhelmed with emotion, the girl immediately rushed over and tightly embraced Lu Yun, her eyes moist.
“Xiaoyun, you finally woke up. If you didn’t, your sister wouldn’t know what to do.”
“Sister…” Lu Yun whispered softly, feeling the girl’s excited tremble and the heartfelt, most genuine emotions deep within her.
He knew that from now on, he would have to bear all the consequences of this body.
“Sister, be careful, I can barely breathe.” Lu Yun soon realized something was off; Xiaoyun’s sister, Lu Yu, became increasingly overexcited to the point where she ended up squeezing the breath out of him.
This body was already weak and exhausted from just recovering from a serious illness, making it difficult for Lu Yun to concentrate on his thoughts.
“Ah, it’s all my fault. I got too excited. Are you alright, Ayun?”
After letting go of Lu Yun and seeing his pale face and slightly gasping breaths, Lu Yu asked him, worried.
“It’s okay, just needs some rest. Don’t worry about me, sister.” Lu Yun reassured her.
“It’s our fault, both mine and your eldest brother’s. We didn’t take good care of you.”
Lu Yu stood up, opened the window, and sunlight poured in, illuminating the entire room instantly.
Bathing in the gentle sun, Lu Yun’s body also became warm and cozy.
“My body has always been like this. Over the years, it’s only thanks to my elder brother and your hard work and care that I’ve made it this far. I’m already quite content with how things are now,” Lu Yun said with a smile, comforting Lu Yu.
A small-scale beast tide occurred ten years ago, affecting Cloud Water County and surrounding counties, and causing significant damage to Spirit Creek Village.
Lu Yun’s father, a member of the village’s beast hunting team, died tragically under the hooves of the demon beasts.
Lu Yun’s mother, pregnant for ten months at the time, was affected by the chaos, harmed her foundation and gave birth to Lu Yun prematurely, ultimately passing away.
Due to prenatal distress, Lu Yun was born with insufficient constitution and weak, sickly health.
At that time, his sister Lu Yu was only four or five years old,
And his brother Lu He, not yet eight years old, had to become the breadwinner of the family.
Although both his brother and sister loved Lu Yun tremendously, always saving the best for him, they could do nothing about his congenital deficiencies.
It could be said that Lu Yun was lucky to live to be ten years old.
“Sister, where’s my older brother? Why haven’t I seen him?” Lu Yun’s face changed slightly.
“He went to take the Hunting Team trials. As long as he passes the trial, he’ll become a member of the Hunting Team, and our family’s living conditions will improve.” As she said this, Lu Yu’s face visibly relaxed, and she looked forward to a brighter future.
Her brother waking up and her elder brother joining the Hunting Team seemed like everything was starting to take a positive turn.
“The Hunting Team?” Lu Yun’s face showed a hint of expectation.
The Hunting Team was the protective force of Spirit Creek Village, and every member a powerful martial artist.
They possessed great strength and enjoyed the best treatment.
Unfortunately, all this had nothing to do with Lu Yun.
His innate deficiencies and weak constitution made it exceedingly difficult for him to become a martial artist—ten times more so than ordinary people.
“Even after crossing into such a world of martial arts, am I, Lu Yun, still destined to be an ordinary and mediocre person?”
A feeling of desolation rose in Lu Yun’s heart.
“Xiaoyun, this is a soup made from blood ginseng. It will help your body recover.”
Lu Yu poured the medicinal stew made from blood ginseng on the stove into a bowl and handed it over.
After hesitating for a moment, Lu Yun eventually took the bowl with both hands.
He had frequently drunk this blood ginseng soup in the past, but its effects were limited—it barely maintained his life, not fundamentally treating his ailments.
To lessen the burden on his family, he had refused to take the soup for the past year.
Now, this new Lu Yun had a different soul and naturally wouldn’t refuse it.
Given a second chance at life, he didn’t want to give up on any shred of hope.
As the blood ginseng soup entered his stomach, a flash of light appeared before Lu Yun’s eyes, and a screen of light emerged in his field of vision.
Energy Points: +1.1


CHAPTER-2
2 Chapter 2: I Want to Learn Martial Arts

“What on earth… how did this happen?!”
The line of text just now flashed by, but Lu Yun saw it clearly.
“Could this be my cheat? It can transform Blood Ginseng soup into energy points, helping me improve my Cultivation Technique or martial arts?” What just happened completely exceeded his knowledge, leaving him no choice but to attribute everything to the cheats bestowed upon transmigrators.
Regaining his senses, he subconsciously looked at the bowl in his hand, only to see that it was nearly empty, so he quickly licked it clean with his tongue.
Unfortunately for him, nothing similar to what had happened before occured again.
“Is it because there’s not enough?” Lu Yun secretly regretted.
“Xiaoyu, great news, I passed the test and officially became a member of the monster hunting team!” At the moment when Lu Yun was still studying the sudden appearance of text, an excited voice entered his ear.
“Huh?” Hearing this voice, both Lu Yun and Lu Yu were startled, before immediately looking towards the door.
At this moment, a burly man was walking in from the outside.
The man was wearing a black coat, a large saber was hanging from his waist, and he had a sun hat on his head, covering half of his face, leaving a pair of sharp and mature eyes exposed. He carried a bag in his right hand.
He hung the bag on the wall before stepping through the entrance, untying the hat and taking it off, revealing a sunny and handsome face.
This was Lu He, Lu Yun’s eldest brother!
As Lu He entered the room, he saw Lu Yun awake. First, he was stunned and then overjoyed, exclaiming, “Little… Xiaoyun is awake, when did this happen?”
“He just woke up not long ago. You’re back just in time, eldest brother,” Lu Yu replied from the side.
“Thank goodness he’s awake, thank goodness!” Lu He’s eyes were moist; “Today’s a double celebration! I’ve got a piece of beast meat to help Xiaoyun recover.”
“There’s beast meat?” Lu Yu’s face showed surprise.
“Yes, it’s a reward for passing the assessment and joining the hunting team today. The bag outside contains about ten pounds.”
“Great, I’ll cook it right away!”
After Lu Yu left the house, only Lu Yun and Lu He remained in the room.
“Eldest brother, I want to learn martial arts!”
Lu Yun took the initiative to break the silence.
“Ha ha, you want to learn martial arts? That’s great!” Lu He laughed and said, “Once you’ve recovered, you’ll join your peers in the village to practice your skills.”
“No, I want to start learning martial arts right now. I have a feeling that I can only heal myself by becoming a martial artist,” Lu Yun declared firmly.
Upon hearing this, Lu He’s smile froze.
He was about to refuse, but upon seeing the eyes of his younger brother filled with hope, determination, and pleading, he couldn’t say no.
He loved his family, loved his sister, and loved his unfortunate younger brother even more—he couldn’t refuse.
“Do you know how difficult it is for someone in your condition to become a martial artist?” Lu He looked at Lu Yun, his face full of seriousness.
“That’s all right, eldest brother. Just teach me,” said Lu Yun, brimming with confidence after discovering that he might possess cheats.
After hesitating for a while, Lu He finally agreed.
“All right, it’s been hard on you these past years. Even if you can’t become a martial artist in a short time, I’ll gradually help you replenish your energy and blood to make up for your innate deficiencies and improve your health.
However, Xiaoyun, there’s something I need to make clear to you.”
“Please go ahead, eldest brother,” Lu Yun said seriously.
Lu He touched his beardless chin and said in a deep voice.
“I don’t know what inspired you to learn martial arts; I guess it’s because of your recent illness. However, learning martial arts isn’t something that can be achieved overnight—it’s a continuous process. In your case, this process will be even longer and more persistent. I hope you won’t give up until you become an official martial artist at the very least.”
“Hmm… I understand!” Lu Yun nodded solemnly.
“As long as you understand.” Lu He thought for a bit and pulled out a small booklet from his chest, wrapped in a thick layer of gray cloth.
He carefully opened it up to reveal the inside layer.
Several large characters were written on the cover.
Breaking Wind Saber Technique!
Although Lu Yun had been physically weak since childhood, he had still attended the village school, so he had no trouble reading and understanding the text.
“Although this is just a basic saber technique, it can still be considered a third-rate secret skill, and it not only has detailed descriptions but also illustrations of the correct positions.”
“You should practice by following the instructions, and if you don’t understand or have any doubts, don’t hesitate to ask me.”
Lu He carefully handed the booklet to Lu Yun.
“Thank you, Eldest brother!”
As soon as he received the booklet, he couldn’t wait to open it and start flipping through it.
Breaking Wind Saber Technique had only three moves.
All three moves were offensive.
There was no defense, no evasion, just attack!
Attack is the best defense, that was the core of the Breaking Wind Saber Technique.
The first move: Sweeping Thousands of Armies.
The second move: Breaking Thousands of Mountains.
The third move: Sweeping the Universe.
Although there were only three moves, each move contained various basic saber forms, such as chopping, slashing, lifting, chopping, piercing, intercepting, pushing, stabbing, sliding, stirring, collapsing, tapping, and pulling.
The three moves of Breaking Wind Saber Technique, with different sequences and different trajectories of the saber, would display different powers.
After quickly looking through it, Lu Yun had a rough idea.
However, this does not mean that the Breaking Wind Saber Technique is simple and it is immediately mastered.
To execute each move, a certain level of proficiency, sufficient strength, and speed are required.
Proficiency can be gradually improved by practicing according to the positions in the booklet.
As for strength and speed, they depend on physical fitness.
Therefore, the Breaking Wind Saber Technique also has a complementary Refinement Cultivation Method.
The so-called Refinement Cultivation Method aims to refine the body, improve physical fitness, and thus provide enough strength and speed to perform the saber technique.
This Refinement Cultivation Method has no official name and is quite common. It has three levels, corresponding to the three moves of the Breaking Wind Saber Technique.
According to the booklet, only when the saber technique and refinement method are practiced together, can the Breaking Wind Saber Technique achieve small achievement.
To reach great accomplishment, a certain level of proficiency is required.
Once perfected, one can become a Martial Artist!
Lu Yun suppressed his excitement and read every word on the booklet repeatedly, trying to memorize all the moves of the Breaking Wind Saber Technique as quickly as possible.
About an hour later, he had finally memorized all of it and continued to analyze the difficulty of cultivation.
Then, he focused his mind, and suddenly, a transparent and illusory panel appeared before his eyes.
Transparent borders, illusory screens, with two lines of black characters floating on it.
Breaking Wind Saber Technique: Pre-Entry (0%)
Energy Points: 1.1
With a thought from Lu Yun, the transparent illusory panel disappeared and, with another thought, reappeared.
“I knew I was right!” Lu Yun was overjoyed, finally seeing hope after dispelling the clouds and mist.
Immediately, he no longer hesitated, focusing his attention on the Breaking Wind Saber Technique, and imagining lightly tapping it.
“Thunk.”
In his mind, a new set of memories appeared, where he practiced the Breaking Wind Saber Technique day in and day out, continuously improving.
At the same time, a warm current gushed from the center of his chest, flowing continuously throughout his body.
Lu Yun felt incredibly comfortable as if bathing in a hot spring, feeling refreshed and at ease.
Simultaneously, he could feel his originally weak body undergo subtle changes in an instant.
He immediately summoned the panel with a thought.
Breaking Wind Saber Technique: Entry Level (10%)
Energy Points: 0.1


CHAPTER-3
3 Chapter 3, Blood Ginseng

After raising the Breaking Wind Saber Technique to the entry level, Lu Yun felt a significant improvement in his physical fitness and no longer felt as weak and powerless as before.
So, taking advantage of the time while dinner was not yet ready, he practiced the saber technique in the small courtyard.
He still followed the positions depicted in the secret manual in his mind while wielding the large saber.
This saber was somewhat worn out, and a notch could still be faintly seen on its blade. It had been discarded by Lu He.
One swing closely followed by another.
His body had somewhat improved after adding points, but it still seemed somewhat insufficient, with clearly inadequate speed and strength.
Moreover, he had barely entry-level knowledge of the saber techniques, so he struggled to execute the first move of the Breaking Wind Saber Technique accordingly.
There was still a long way to go before he could use it for combat and defeating enemies.
Nevertheless, Lu Yun was excited for quite some time.
An hour later, his physical strength fell short, and he sheepishly stopped practicing the saber technique.
Breaking Wind Saber Technique: Entry Level (11%)
“Huh… the Breaking Wind Saber Technique increased by 1%. This is somewhat unexpected.” Lu Yun squinted his eyes, looking at the interface in front of him, slightly lost in thought.
At this moment, his stomach let out a rumbling sound, and a strong sense of hunger came over him.
Lu Yun was taken aback, “I didn’t feel hungry at all after raising the technique so much earlier. Why am I so hungry now? Is it because practicing and improving my martial arts consumes my energy?”
Just then, Lu Yu called him for dinner from inside the house, and Lu Yun hurriedly rushed in, wolfing down the food in his bowl.
Then, under the astonished gazes of Lu He and Lu Yu, he cleared all the dishes on the table, including the two large bowls of meat, before finally filling up his stomach.
After eating and drinking to his heart’s content, Lu Yun couldn’t help but squint his eyes, his belly full and his satisfaction evident.
Lu Yu, feeling helpless, could only put down her chopsticks and cook another meal.
It didn’t really matter to her; she could settle for anything. But Lu He was a martial artist who needed to practice, and the amount of energy he consumed required more food.
“Eldest brother, what’s going on with Xiaoyun today? Is there any problem?” After Lu Yun left, Lu Yu asked, slightly worried. Lu Yun’s greedy eating had shocked her, and after she snapped out of her surprise, she felt more concern.
“He practiced his saber technique for a whole afternoon, and it consumed a lot of energy. It should be fine.” Lu He casually replied.
In fact, he too was somewhat uncertain.
In the quiet night, the stars shone brilliantly in the sky.
Lying on his bed, Lu Yun gazed at the illusory panel in front of him, deep in thought.
Breaking Wind Saber Technique: Entry Level (11%)
Energy Points: 0.3
Although the meat of the demon beasts could increase energy points, the energy it contained was relatively small, only adding 0.2 energy points to his total.
Other foods might also contain energy, but perhaps only in minuscule amounts. It might not even accumulate half an energy point over a year and a half.
On the other hand, the Blood Ginseng soup contributed more than one energy point, indicating that the Blood Ginseng contained the most energy.
However, given his family’s financial situation, they could only afford one Blood Ginseng a month. This had significantly hindered Lu He’s martial arts progression, otherwise, he would have already joined a hunting team.
“It seems the best way to obtain energy points is to eat the demon beasts’ meat. As a member of the hunting team, my eldest brother has a share of meat every day.” Lu Yun nodded secretly before falling into a deep sleep.
In the following days, Lu Yun practiced his saber techniques in the morning and mental cultivation in the afternoon. Although he didn’t add any points, he could clearly feel his progress in the saber technique.
His body was slowly recovering, with muscles growing on his arms, legs, and back, gradually supporting his originally weak body.
With the improvement of his physical fitness, his appetite also increased. He ate more during every single meal than both Lu He and Lu Yu combined.
Seven days later, Lu Yun gradually became stronger, on par with his peers in comparison.
He had already memorized the Breaking Wind Saber Technique manual thoroughly, so he completely returned it to Lu He.
Lu He didn’t show any reaction, and after casually asking about Lu Yun’s cultivation progress, he hurriedly left.
The members of the hunting team had heavy tasks, as they had to hunt and patrol the village to ensure the safety of the villagers.
Since his family didn’t have any farmland to work on, after finishing their meal, Lu Yu picked up Lu He and Lu Yun’s clothes and went out together with a few neighboring girls.
A small river flowed past the east side of the village. Since the establishment of Spirit Creek Village, the river had never dried up, and the village’s name mostly came from it.
Today, the sunshine was perfect, and more than a dozen young girls and women washed clothes by the river, occasionally making playful noises.
Inside Cloud Dream Mountain, a slender young man with delicate facial features cautiously moved forward.
It was Lu Yun.
During this time, after daily hard training, he had improved his Breaking Wind Saber Technique to 20%, and his energy points had accumulated to 2.3.
However, he always felt that his progress was too slow, and at this rate, it would take years to cultivate the Breaking Wind Saber Technique to perfection.
To significantly reduce the time, he could only take risks and enter the mountains to search for spirit herbs.
In fact, this was his first time entering Cloud Dream Mountain; the continuous mountains and endless forests significantly exceeded his expectations.
However, he had come here, and there was no place for retreat, nor did he plan to retreat, as he was no longer the weak child he used to be.
Besides, he had something to rely on.
He tightened the grip on his broken saber, giving him a slight sense of security.
“Although my strength has improved, I still need to be careful. There’s a rumor of powerful demon beasts deep in the mountains. I can’t enter too deep, and I should just wander around the periphery. My main goal for this trip is to find some low-level spirit herbs.”
After re-establishing his goal, Lu Yun’s steps became more relaxed.
“What’s that?”
After walking in the forest for half an hour, Lu Yun’s eyes were suddenly attracted by a red ginseng.
In a pile of tender green grass, the blood-red ginseng stood out conspicuously, especially with the swaying of the grass in the breeze, highlighting it even more from the rest.
“It’s Blood Ginseng. Judging by its size, it’s much older than any I’ve consumed before. I’m lucky it hasn’t been ruined by other wild animals.”
At this moment, Lu Yun suppressed his excitement and didn’t immediately pick it.
He remembered that this was the periphery of Cloud Dream Mountain. Although there were no powerful demon beasts, ferocious beasts were still many, as well as venomous insects and poisonous plants. One had to be slightly careful or risk dying on the spot.
Lu Yun was very cautious and cherished his life, so he picked up a stone from the ground and threw it towards the Blood Ginseng.
“Bang!”
The breeze blew, and the leaves swayed, but there was no movement.
“Pick it up quickly and then leave immediately!”
Lu Yun quickly made a decision and ran over.
He gently moved aside the weeds and carefully uprooted the entire Blood Ginseng, roots and all.
“This Blood Ginseng is two or three times larger than the ones I’ve had before. Consuming it would give me at least two or three energy points. Even if I don’t achieve anything else on this journey, it’s worth it.” Lu Yun calculated silently in his heart.
He put away the Blood Ginseng and was about to turn and leave.
Suddenly, a rustling sound came from behind.
“Not good…”
Lu Yun trembled all over, instantly drew the broken saber from his waist, and violently turned around to look.
Not far away, a pitch-black wolf was constantly approaching, its eyes full of cruel and cunning as it silently stared at him.


CHAPTER-4
4 Chapter 4: Small Achievement in Breaking Wind Saber Technique

Without any hesitation, Lu Yun quickly turned around and ran.
If it was an ordinary wild animal, he was confident he could fight it, but this black wolf gave him a strong sense of oppression, and he had no confidence in winning.
Moreover, wolves are pack animals. If he were held back by it, allowing the rest of the pack to catch up, the only thing awaiting him would be death.
“Indeed, venturing into the mountains recklessly was a bit risky after all.”
Lu Yun was running, glancing back in hope that the wolf hadn’t followed him.
But to his disappointment, the black wolf had marked Lu Yun as its prey and had no intention of giving up. It was in hot pursuit.
Luckily, the number of wolves didn’t increase from the start. There was only one wolf, probably because it saw the young Lu Yun and didn’t take him seriously.
The black wolf, which frequently hunted in the mountains and had strong limbs, ran effortlessly through the forest. With each leap it covered tens of feet, quickly closing the distance between itself and Lu Yun.
“At this rate, it won’t be long before it catches up. I need to find a solution.”
Hearing the footsteps and heavy panting drawing nearer, Lu Yun’s face grew more solemn. At the same time, his mind was working quickly, trying to find a solution to the crisis.
“If my Saber Technique were to reach a small achievement, perhaps I would stand a chance to fight…” Lu Yun was deep in thought.
As the wolf drew increasingly closer, the crisis became more imminent, and Lu Yun finally stopped hesitating.
“Add some points to the Breaking Wind Saber Technique!” Lu Yun murmured quietly to himself.
As soon as his words fell, a ghost-like panel immediately appeared in his field of vision.
Breaking Wind Saber Technique: Entry Level (50%)
Energy Points: 1.3
The progress of Breaking Wind Saber Technique’s cultivation suddenly increased to 50%. This represented an increase of 30% in progress with one point, the speed was not slow, but it was still far from reaching small achievement.
“Keep adding points!”
As soon as he finished speaking, the two lines on the panel shimmered then restored to their original state.
Breaking Wind Saber Technique: Entry Level (80%)
Energy Points: 0.3
“It’s not enough, still some distance from reaching a small achievement.” Lu Yun bit his lip, then put the Blood Ginseng he just obtained into his mouth and gulped it down.
Very soon, he saw the energy points skyrocketing.
Energy Points +0.5, Energy Points +0.3… Energy Points +0.2, Energy Points +0.1
About half a moment later, the Blood Ginseng was completely consumed.
At this point, the Energy Points broke through an unprecedented barrier, reaching 5.1.
The moment he felt a chill creeping up behind him, his hair stood on end in shock. He immediately made a roll to the left and hid in the tall grass.
The black wolf missed its attack and showed no frustration. It stood back up and closely chased after Lu Yun, showing extreme patience.
In its eyes, Lu Yun had become a lamb ready for slaughter, unable to escape its claws.
The moment Lu Yun’s energy was wasted and his combat strength decreased, was the moment it would launch another vicious attack.
Time passed second by second.
“Add points…”
Just then, Lu Yun felt a tingling sensation wash over his body, like ants crawling all over him, which was both ticklish and unbearable.
Following that, he felt a warm current surging from his heart, it clashed with the previous tingling sensation, quickly gained the upper hand and a feeling of comfort surged throughout his body.
Lu Yun also found that his fatigue from running for a long time had instantly eased, and his speed had also taken a step up.
Breaking Wind Saber Technique: Small Achievement (2%)
Energy Points: 4.1
His eyes landed on the transparent virtual panel that appeared again. Seeing the Breaking Wind Saber Technique that had finally reached the small achievement stage, he allowed a hint of a smile to come across his face.
“The brave man wins when met on a narrow path, it’s my turn to make a move!”
Lu Yun abruptly stopped and turned around, surprising the pursuing black wolf, causing it to stumble and stop.
But soon, a trace of brightness flashed in its narrow eyes.
Though it wasn’t spiritually awakened, its wisdom was comparable to that of adult men. Long-term hunting had led it to a conclusion:
The prey no longer intended to escape but was getting ready to fight desperately. However, it didn’t let that bother it.
The human had been running for so long and was undoubtedly exhausted.
Giving the black wolf deep and thoughtful look, sensing the being’s intelligent gaze reaching him, Lu Yun took a deep breath and gripped the handle of his blade tightly.
By this point, the black wolf had finished its final assessment. Its limbs and belly muscles started to contract.
Then, an eruption of power transformed it into a black shadow that threw itself forward.
Lu Yun, solemn in standing, loosened his grip on the handle, dramatically pulling out the long blade from his waist. The moves and keys of the Breaking Wind Saber Technique echoed in his mind.
The Breaking Wind Saber Technique’s first move: Sweeping Thousands of Armies!
Thud!
Blood splattered.
The black wolf let out a yell as it fell, trying to struggle to its feet. However, its left limb has been cut off, and blood gushed out from its abdomen. It could only squirm where it fell, its eyes held a rather human-like look, like it was begging for mercy.
Lu Yun’s face showed a cruel look as he exerted force again. A head rolled high into the air.
“It’s dead…”
Lu Yun’s tense nerves finally relaxed.
Glancing at the corpse at his feet, he suddenly felt that wolves weren’t so terrifying. It only took a stroke or two to deal with them.
However, he promptly shook his head.
“Compared to the brutal rule of nature in the forest, the rule of nature in the human world is even more terrifying. Maybe one moment you’re the bottom of the food chain, but who knows when you might turn into a fearsome tiger. You can’t be careless.
Besides, now I’m just a powerless youth, I can’t even be considered a martial artist.”
Lu Yun brought his blade down again, splitting the wolf carcass into two.
“This is technically my first prey. I can’t waste it.”
Immediately, Lu Yun sheathed his blade, hoisted half the carcass onto his shoulder, and quickly left.
Although he successfully killed the black wolf, Lu Yun did not forget that he was currently in the Cloud Dream Mountain, surrounded by potentially many more beasts, including large predators like wolves and leopards.
Moreover, the area he was in was drenched in the smell of blood, which could potentially attract terrifying beasts.
Without any further delay, Lu Yun quickly disappeared from the spot.
Sure enough, he had just left when sounds began to rustle from the direction he had come from, followed by reverberating howls.
The howls of wolves. Judging by the sound, there were at least ten wolves.
Lu Yun was grateful that he ran fast. Otherwise, if he were to fall into a wolf pack, he will not be able to break free, even if his Saber Technique reaches great accomplishment.
Lu Yun, whose strength had once again surged, was carrying half of a wolf carcass, but his speed wasn’t much slower than when he first entered the mountain.
By the creek, the women and young girls who were washing clothes suddenly saw a figure emerging from the dense jungle and gradually coming into their line of sight.
“Hey, Lu girl, isn’t that your brother, Lu Yun?”
“It really is, but how come he’s come out of the Cloud Dream Mountain, and he’s even carrying the carcass of a wild animal.”
“My Xiao Yun’s health isn’t good, he couldn’t possibly be…” Lu Yu paused her action and looked up. Her voice abruptly halted when she saw.


CHAPTER-5
5 Chapter 5, Participating in the Training Camp

“Xiaoyun, have you mastered the basics of the saber technique?”
During dinner, the long-silent Lu He asked seriously, now, he has finally accepted the fact that Lu Yun had entered the Cloud Dream Mountain and brought back half a wolf carcass.
At first, when Lu Yu told him, he couldn’t believe it.
In his view, Lu Yun had only been training in the saber technique for less than half a month, and he was inherently deficient, it was impossible for him to achieve anything in martial arts.
However, seeing that wolf carcass, he could hardly doubt it anymore.
“I may be talented, I trained and reached the entry level, and even my body has recovered.” Lu Yun replied unhurriedly.
“If we had known earlier, we should have let you study martial arts, and you wouldn’t have suffered so long.”
After hearing that Lu Yun’s body had recovered, Lu Yu was visibly happier and hurriedly added two pieces of meat to Lu Yun’s bowl, softly saying, “But even if your body is recovered, you still shouldn’t run into the Cloud Dream Mountain, it’s very dangerous, what if something happens to you, what would your eldest brother and I do?”
“Understood, sister.”
Lu Yun agreed.
He didn’t want his elder brother and sister to know that he was going into the mountains to find spirit herbs, else he would receive another lecture.
Lu He suddenly put down his chopsticks and said to Lu Yun “Xiaoyun, since you’ve mastered the Breaking Wind Saber Technique in less than half a month, it proves that your martial arts talent is much stronger than mine. From now on, you just train well, and leave the household matters to me and Xiaoyu.”
“Alright, I’ll listen to my elder brother.” Lu Yun readily agreed, but in his heart, he was thinking that he could always go in secret, and not let others see.
It was impossible for him to train at home.
Even if he himself agreed, his cheats wouldn’t agree.
“I’ve finished eating, I’m going back to my room.”
After a brief exchange, Lu Yun returned to his room.
“Xiaoyun has matured a lot.”
After Lu Yun left, a smile gradually appeared on Lu Yu’s face
Over the years, she had never stopped worrying about Lu Yun. Now that Lu Yun’s body has recovered and he has shown a considerable talent for martial arts, she felt an unparalleled satisfaction.
“Yes…” Lu He responded, looking at the empty seat in front of him, a contemplative expression on his face.
“Elder brother, what are you thinking?” Noticing Lu He deep in thought, Lu Yu asked softly.
“Xiaoyun’s outstanding talent in martial arts should not be wasted.” Lu He said, “After a while, I will discuss with the village, and let him apply to the Martial Academy.”
Upon hearing this, Lu Yu nodded. She also hoped that Lu Yun could go further and have a better future.
“That’s it, you first check how many taels of silver we have at home, see if you can bring out ten taels for me, I will give them to Uncle Meng later, let him bring Xiaoyun for joint training.”
“Alright.”
After finishing her meal, Lu Yu quickly took out ten taels of silver and handed them to Lu He.
Regarding the conversation between his elder brother and sister, Lu Yun was completely unaware. After returning to his room, he crashed onto the bed and soon fell asleep.
The next day, at breakfast, Lu He stopped Lu Yun and said, “Starting from today, you will join the other children in the village for joint martial arts training under Uncle Meng.”
Training together?
Lu Yun was taken aback.
The so-called joint training is when the appropriately aged children in Spirit Creek Village gathered together, guided by one of the strongest martial artists in the village, Uncle Meng.
The children in the village, starting from eight years old, would join the village’s joint training.
Due to his physical condition, Lu Yun, who even had problems walking, naturally couldn’t join the training in the village.
Now, his body had recovered, it was normal to participate in the joint training, and he could also take advantage and see if he could learn other martial arts.
Just the Breaking Wind Saber Technique alone, was adequate for defense, but not enough for advancement.
The training ground was located in the east of Spirit Creek Village. At this time, the sun had just risen, and more than forty youths had already gathered. They were practicing boxing, their punch-winds howled through the air, creating a rather imposing scene.
In the midst of the group, a handsome-looking youth, appearing to be around twelve or thirteen years old, was practicing boxing incessantly. His skill level was clearly much higher than the others.
Even the normally strict instructor, Lu Meng, couldn’t help but display a rare smile.
“Like father, like son, Tianhu is worthy of being the team leader’s son, look at his Fierce Tiger Fist, it is clear that he is already making small achievements.” A few hunting team members commented as they made their rounds.
“Exactly, Tianhu is surely going to get into the Martial Academy in the future, then our Spirit Creek Village will become well-known.” Another hunting team member suddenly added.
As soon as this was said, it piqued the interest of others.
The Martial Academy, to the people of small places like Spirit Creek Village, was an unreachable existence.
Anyone coming out from inside, their strength is stronger than the strongest martial artist in Spirit Creek Village.
“Hey, isn’t that Xiaohe?”
“Lu He, it’s your day off today, why are you here?”
When they saw Lu He and Lu Yun walking over, a few members of the hunting team laughed and greeted them.
“I brought my brother to join the training.” Lu He casually replied.
“Wasn’t your brother always in poor health, I’m afraid it’s not good for him to learn martial arts!” Lu Dahai, who had a good relationship with Lu He, spoke.
“His health has recovered now, there is no problem with training in martial arts, he will surpass us all soon.” Lu He smiled and, leading Lu Yun, bypassed the members of the hunting team and walked towards the training ground.
“Uncle Meng, I’ve brought my brother.”
Uncle Meng, also known as Lu Meng, was a formidable man with a robust body, and likewise, one of the strongest martial artists in Spirit Creek Village.
When he saw Lu He and Lu Yun coming over, he raised his hand slightly, and the youths stopped their training.
“Not bad, compared to before, you are indeed much stronger.” Lu Meng casually scanned Lu Yun and, seeing some signs, he nodded lightly.
“Starting from today, you will be training with them. No early departures or tardiness allowed, understood?” Lu Meng’s heavy voice sounded, rattling Lu Yun’s eardrums.
“Understood.” Lu Yun responded loudly.
“Very good, fall in!”
Lu Yun looked around and found that there were no vacant spots among the orderly youths, so he ran to the last row.
Shortly after, a few more youths arrived at the training ground led by their parents, after Lu Meng instructed them a couple of things, they also joined the ranks of the youths.
When the sun had fully risen, Lu Meng counted the number of people, then nodded satisfactorily, “If the youths are strong, then the village is strong, the future of Spirit Creek Village depends on you little ones, so, starting now, I will train you rigorously.”
Lu Meng grinned, revealing his big white teeth. With a wave of his hand, two burly men carried several boxes over.
“Take the sabers in order.”
When the two men put down the boxes, several sabers were revealed.
Each saber was the same, there was no difference in quality. They were ordinary iron sabers, just barely usable for chopping wood. The youths made no selection, and in the quickest manner, after selecting a saber, each returned to his spot.
“Good, your spirits are high.”
Lu Meng gave the crowd a satisfied look.
“Talent is made up of ninety-nine percent perspiration and one percent talent, today you will practice the first move of the Breaking Wind Saber Technique a hundred times!”
“Begin!”
At Lu Meng’s command, dozens of youths simultaneously started practicing the first move of the Breaking Wind Saber Technique, Sweeping Thousands of Armies.
For a while, the sound of sabers filled the air.


CHAPTER-6
6 Chapter 6: First Hearing about Martial Arts Realm

“Put some effort into it!”
Lu Meng did not stand still but walked slowly, carefully observing the actions of the teenagers.
“Lu Xiaolin, did you not eat today? There’s no sign of strength.”
“Lu Dayong, I think you should change your name. Your power doesn’t match the ‘brave and fierce’ at all.”
“Lu Feiniu, I’m talking about you. Focus your attention, use your strength throughout your body. If you want to make progress in the Breaking Wind Blade Technique, you have to practice it thousands of times.”
Lu Meng would scold those who were not serious or not using their strength, and correct them.
Whether they were good or not good at practicing, everyone was afraid of being stared at by Lu Meng. They all became more careful and cautious.
“Lu Tianhu, your movements are very standard, your saber swings have strength, good job, keep going.”
The young man named Lu Tianhu didn’t seem particularly excited from Lu Meng’s praise. On the contrary, his face was extremely calm, as if he deserved the praise.
Indeed, ever since he was a child, all he got was praise and affirmation.
“If it weren’t for his dad giving him private lessons, he wouldn’t be much better than us!” one of the teenagers muttered darkly.
This teenager Lu Yun knew; he was one of the village youngsters who was second only to Lu Tianhu in terms of talent and strength, named Lu Liangpeng.
Compared to Lu Tianhu, whose father was the captain of a hunting team, Lu Liangpeng’s family background was much more humble.
“Lu Liangpeng, there is some progress compared to last time.” At this time, Lu Meng’s attention finally fell on Lu Liangpeng and praised him generously.
Children are like this: when they should be praised, praise them, scold them when they should be scolded. Lu Meng thought that he understood this very well.
As expected, after hearing Lu Meng’s praise, Lu Liangpeng stood a little straighter, and his saber swings became even more forceful.
Seeing the positive effect, Lu Meng nodded slightly, quickly swept over Lu Liangpeng, and began ‘instruction’ for the next person.
As a teacher, what he should do is share his teaching equally with everyone.
In this way, his gaze finally fell on Lu Yun.
When it came to Lu Yun, he knew about him. Due to innate reasons, his body had always been weak, and it was only by relying on Lu He that he could survive until now.
Yesterday, Lu He suddenly found him and asked to add Lu Yun’s name to the training list, which surprised him.
Today, upon seeing that Lu Yun’s body had indeed recovered and even become more robust, he looked much like a boy of about twelve or thirteen years old.
Feeling Lu Meng approaching, Lu Yun’s heart did not waver, and he continued to practice the Breaking Wind Saber Technique without distraction.
Lu Meng walked closer and stood next to Lu Yun, trying to find some shortcomings or faults in him. However, he stood there for a while without noticing any flaws in him, which surprised him somewhat.
“Yesterday, Lu He told me that this kid had reached the entry level in less than a month of practicing the Breaking Wind Saber Technique; it seems like it’s true.” Lu Meng examined Lu Yun, secretly admiring him.
At this time, Lu Yun’s saber technique flowed smoothly with both speed and power. Compared to the others, his progress was apparent, and Lu Meng nodded repeatedly.
Gradually, the power of some teenagers’ saber swings weakened, and they began to look weak and powerless. Lu Meng did not scold them anymore.
None of the young people could truly complete practicing the first move of the Breaking Wind Saber Technique, Sweeping Thousands of Armies.
Even the currently best-performing Lu Tianhu was no exception.
As expected, it didn’t take long before one teenager after another reached their limit.
Lu Liangpeng couldn’t go on after practicing for the 45th time, completely exhausted.
Lu Tianhu was slightly better, barely persisting until the 59th time.
“Although it’s quite far from practicing one hundred times, everyone’s progress is pretty good. Today’s training ends here.” Lu Meng declared loudly.
Hearing these words, the youngsters from Spirit Creek Village cheered and laid down their long sabers, collapsing to the ground.
“For the next hour, if you have any questions or doubts, you can ask me.”
“Uncle Meng, I’ve been at the small achievement level in saber technique for three months, but I can’t reach the great accomplishment level, is there any trick or method?” Lu Mingpeng asked first, seizing the opportunity.
“Your understanding of the Breaking Wind Saber Technique is fundamentally correct, and you practice diligently. However, there is a vast gap between small achievement and great accomplishment. To reach the great accomplishment level of the technique, your speed and power are still lacking.
The reason I ask you to practice the Breaking Wind Saber Technique one hundred times every day is not to torture you but to help you reach a level where you can easily complete the task, making great accomplishment naturally within reach.”
Lu Meng’s answer not only darkened Lu Mingpeng’s face but also induced a sigh from the other teenagers.
According to their current progress, they might need more than half a year of hard training to achieve great accomplishment.
“Uncle Meng, with less than three months left for the Martial Academy’s entrance examination, is there any way for me to quickly reach the great accomplishment level?” Lu Tianhu asked with eager eyes.
“Your speed in saber technique is barely enough, but your physical strength is not there yet. You can ask your father to prepare more beast meat for you to build up your strength quickly.”
“Thank you for your guidance, Uncle Meng!” Lu Tianhu gratefully thanked Lu Meng.
“Does anyone else have any doubts?” Lu Meng’s gaze fell back on Lu Yun, scrutinizing him.
“Uncle Meng…”
Lu Yun forced himself to stand up.
Lu Meng squinted his eyes: “I see that your Breaking Wind Saber Technique is not just at the entry level; have you already reached a small achievement?”
“I just broke through, and Uncle Meng already found out.” Lu Yun gave an embarrassed smile, which matched his childish face perfectly and didn’t feel out of place at all.
After getting confirmation from Lu Yun, Lu Meng didn’t show any particular reaction, but the other teenagers were shocked.
Although they had already accepted that Lu Yun, once a sickly weakling, had recovered and joined the training team, they were greatly surprised that he had already reached the small achievement level in the saber technique.
Among all the teenagers, fewer than ten people could practice the Breaking Wind Saber Technique to a small achievement.
Moreover, those people had been practicing for at least several years.
“Less than half a month, and you’ve achieved a small accomplishment in Breaking Wind Blade Technique. It looks like a great figure will emerge from Spirit Creek Village in the future.” The more Lu Meng looked at Lu Yun, the more satisfied he felt.
“Lu Yun, do you have any questions for me? It can be about martial arts or any other area. Feel free to ask.” Lu Meng smiled.
He really wanted to open the door of convenience for a true genius like Lu Yun.
Lu Yun could see Lu Meng’s appreciation for him, and since he had questions in his mind, he asked, “Uncle Meng, I would like to know about the divisions of Martial Arts Realm.”
“You’re actually asking this question.” Lu Meng glanced at Lu Yun and nodded, “It’s normal for you to ask this question since this is your first time participating in the group training.”
“The first realm of martial arts is called Entering Martial Realm, which is further divided into four stages: early stage, middle stage, late stage, and perfection, corresponding to strength, burst, resistance, and speed.
Once your strength, explosive power, resistance to impact, and speed reach a certain level, you can enter the next realm – Meridian Passage Realm.
As for realms beyond the Meridian Passage Realm, you will know them once you become a martial artist. It is not beneficial for you to know them now.”
“It’s probably because they’re afraid it will hurt some people’s confidence!” Lu Yun speculated quietly, continuing to ask, “Uncle Meng, how can we advance to the Entering Martial Realm and become martial artists?”
Lu Meng grinned, “It’s simple. As long as you practice any third-rate martial art to perfection, you can become a martial artist.”


CHAPTER-7
7 Chapter 7: Promotion of Martial Artist, Panel Update

“To become a martial artist, one must at least cultivate a third-rate martial art to the state of perfection. I am only in the stage of small achievements, and there is still a long way to go!”
In the bathtub, Lu Yun soaked in it, washing away the sweat and fatigue from his body.
Today’s training was really tiring, and it made him aware of the martial arts situation among the younger generation of Spirit Creek Village. At the same time, it also made him realize the differences between himself and his peers.
Others took years to practice a third-rate martial art to small achievements, while he was able to achieve this in just a dozen days, which proved the difference between a genius and an average person.
Breaking Wind Saber Technique: Small Achievement (4%)
Energy Points: 4.1
After taking a bath, Lu Yun opened the attribute panel and saw that his saber technique had improved by one point, making him feel even more refreshed.
“Even without energy points, I can still feel my progress every day. Considering this, my innate talent is not bad, and can even be said to be excellent.”
For the next few days, Lu Yun’s life was peaceful and fulfilling. He practiced the Breaking Wind Saber Technique in the morning and evening, making progress of 1% to 2% every day, and his body’s speed and strength were also slowly increasing.
In addition, he ate a lot of meat to help his body grow, making him look more refined and strong compared to the other teenagers who practiced martial arts alongside him, giving off a sense of competence and sturdiness.
What surprised Lu Yun even more was that as his physical fitness and Breaking Wind Saber Technique improved, he felt a warm force emanating from his heart, which extended to various parts of his body. It didn’t greatly increase his strength but significantly improved his endurance.
After just two months, he could practice the saber technique more than eighty times before feeling tired.
It was spring again, and the vast Cloud Dream Mountain Range was filled with endless greenery, buzzing with life.
At the foot of Cloud Dream Mountain, a small village, Spirit Creek Village, was full of rising smoke and harmonious atmosphere.
In a small grove outside the village, Lu Yun was practicing the Breaking Wind Saber Technique.
Whiff! Whiff! Whiff!
Lu Yun held a long saber in his hand, with the blade cutting through the air, slashing down, sideways, and upwards. Each slash was accompanied by the sound of the wind.
After practicing the Breaking Wind Saber Technique for several months, he had mastered the saber technique to perfection. The only thing limiting his mastery was his physical strength.
But after today, this limitation would no longer exist.
Suddenly, the saber technique in Lu Yun’s hand seemed to have entered another level, as a violent wind surged around him, and sharper swordlights began to appear like waves rising and falling.
Next, a warm current flowed from his heart to his whole body, and a powerful aura emanated from him. Lu Yun, holding the saber, looked as if he had ascended and became even more intimidating.
“I’ve finally made a breakthrough in my Breaking Wind Saber Technique!”
Feeling his own strength, Lu Yun couldn’t help but reveal a slight smile.
From small achievement to great accomplishment, it took him nearly three months of hard work to progress without the help of any extra points.
Breaking Wind Saber Technique: Great Accomplishment (1%)
Energy Points: 10.9
Upon opening the attribute panel, Lu Yun saw his great accomplishment in the Breaking Wind Saber Technique and the impressive energy value of 10.9, which filled him with excitement.
“It’s time for these energy points that I’ve accumulated to come into play. Today, let’s boost the Breaking Wind Saber Technique to the state of perfection in one go!”
As he thought about it, he improved his saber technique.
With the experience of upgrading a few times, Lu Yun had become adept at the changes in his body and other reactions that came along when upgrading his martial arts.
Soon, one energy point was consumed, and the great accomplishment of the Breaking Wind Saber Technique improved by 10%.
This was within his expectations. The higher the level of the Breaking Wind Saber Technique, the more energy points required for consumption.
Without hesitation, he continued to upgrade.
After nearly half an incense stick’s worth of time, Lu Yun’s body shook violently, and a strong vitality arose, then quickly vanished from his body.
Breaking Wind Saber Technique: Great Accomplishment (91%)
Energy Points: 1.9
“It’s almost perfect!”
Looking at the information on the panel, Lu Yun showed a smile, and his heart was filled with excitement.
He was getting closer and closer to becoming a martial artist.
“Success or failure depends on this moment. I shall keep upgrading!”
Although Lu Yun was already very close to being a martial artist, he did not stop there but continued to upgrade.
He converged his mind and continued to upgrade.
Boom!
As soon as the thought fell, an energy point disappeared in an instant. Following that, an overwhelmingly strong force rose from his body and surged throughout his body.
His blood was boiling!
His bones trembled!
His strength was surging!
At this moment, Lu Yun felt as if his entire body had undergone a metamorphosis, and he seemed to have inexhaustible strength and endless power. His spirit was also extremely excited.
This upgrade was different from the previous times, as it was a leap of improvement and a complete transformation.
The changes continued, and vitality surged throughout his body, giving birth to a warm breath at his Dantian. Like strands of hair, it flowed throughout his body, tempering his bones and refining his flesh.
During this process, his vitality gradually strengthened, and his strength slowly increased, but it was an insignificant increase that ordinary people could hardly notice.
I have become a martial artist!?
Lu Yun, waking up from the breakthrough state, opened his attribute panel right away.
Name: Lu Yun
Influence: Spirit Creek Village
Martial Arts: Breaking Wind Saber Technique (Perfect, non-upgradable)
Innate Talent: Level 4
Martial Arts: Enter Martial Realm Early Stage
Energy Points: 0.9
“Huh?”
Lu Yun looked at the updated panel and felt a shock in his heart.
In the beginning, the panel was simple and crude, showing only martial arts and energy points.
Now, not only were there name and influence, but also innate talent and martial realm added.
What surprised Lu Yun was the innate talent.
“A Level 4 innate talent, I don’t know if it’s considered genius or not. I’ll have to ask Uncle Meng some time.”
Soon, Lu Yun’s gaze fell on the martial arts section. Compared to innate talent, the words “Enter Martial Realm Early Stage” made him even more excited.
Even though everything had been expected.
There were over a thousand people in Spirit Creek Village, but less than fifty of them could become martial artists.
In other words, Lu Yun was now among the strongest few in Spirit Creek Village.
Three months ago, he was a defectively weak person, but now he had become a powerful martial artist, which was a huge leap.
It would be a lie to say that he wasn’t happy about such a transformation.
But he also understood that becoming a martial artist was just the beginning.
“Uncle Meng said that the first realm of martial arts is the Enter Martial Realm, which is divided into four stages: early, middle, late, and perfect, corresponding to the phases of strength, burst, counter-impact, and speed. My strength is still growing, far from reaching the limit, so I should be at the early stage of the Enter Martial Realm.”
“Moreover, without further martial arts to study, it’s impossible to upgrade. It seems that I need to plan for entering the Martial Academy.”
Lu Yun’s smile faded, and he fell into deep thought.


CHAPTER-8
8 Chapter 8: Medicinal bath, improving Innate Talent

“Is Lu Yun at home?”
One day, after Lu Yun finished a day of cultivation and had bathed and changed clothes, a rough voice came from outside the door.
“Who could it be?” Lu Yun frowned and walked out of the room, only to find a muscular middle-aged man waiting outside.
“Uncle Youxiong?”
This man was the deputy village chief of Spirit Creek Village, Lu Youxiong, whose strength was even greater than that of Lu Meng and the hunting team leader, only second to the village head.
“Uncle Youxiong, what do you want to see me for?” asked Lu Yun curiously.
“Hehe, you lucky boy, follow me quickly.” Lu Youxiong said, grabbing Lu Yun’s arm and dragging him away like picking up a little chicken.
Bonfires were flickering, and Spirit Creek Village seemed lively. Adults, children, men, and women all had smiles on their faces, and the village was full of laughter.
“Little guys, don’t run around. After the medicinal bath, your martial arts will soon achieve great accomplishment,” an old man said with a smile.
“No, I don’t want to be boiled!” A group of children heard that they were going to be put into a bronze cauldron, and their faces turned pale as they cried and tried to escape. However, they couldn’t outrun the adults’ clutches and were easily caught and brought back.
“You ungrateful brats, this medicinal bath is a rare opportunity that the village has paid a great price for, and ordinary people don’t even have a chance,” the adults said, laughing and scolding, after catching the children.
“I’m scared. I don’t want a medicinal bath. Can I give my chance to someone else?”
“No way, only those who have achieved small accomplishment in Breaking Wind Saber Technique or Fierce Tiger Fist can enjoy the medicinal bath, others don’t have this treatment,” one of the old men scolded.
Lu Yun obediently followed Lu Youxiong without resistance and watched the scene with curiosity.
At this moment, he saw another scenario.
On the other side of the open space, nine bronze cauldrons had been set up, with raging flames burning beneath them. The water in the cauldrons was boiling and bubbling, with medicinal herbs floating on the surface.
There was a middle-aged man standing beside each cauldron, each holding a bucket of beast blood, their gazes all focused on the old figure in the middle.
Because this old figure was none other than the village head of Spirit Creek Village and the town’s top martial artist, Lu Cangsheng.
“Get ready, pour the beast blood into the cauldrons!”
At Lu Cangsheng’s command, the nine strong men simultaneously poured the beast blood from the wooden barrels into the cauldrons.
The moment the dark red blood was added to the cauldron, the originally clear medicinal liquid instantly became murky, slowing down the boiling process.
“Increase the heat!” Lu Cangsheng shouted again, and the strong men hurriedly put prearranged firewood, making the flames blaze and the medicinal liquid in the cauldrons started boiling again.
Looking at the bubbling medicinal liquid in the cauldrons, a group of teenagers turned pale and struggled to escape, but they were tightly held down by a pair of big hands.
“You cowards, look at Lu Yun and Lu Tianhu. Learn from them!”
Lu Meng scolded the teenagers as the valuable medicinal herbs in the cauldrons had been found by the hunting team members deep in Cloud Dream Mountain. They could enhance a martial artist’s physique, and when children used them, they could strengthen their foundations, greatly benefiting their future martial arts path.
Later, the added beast blood was obtained by the old village head, who went deep into Cloud Dream Mountain and made a great effort to kill a Meridian Passage Realm Flood Snake to get such much.
Spirit Creek Village had pulled all their resources to hold this medicinal bath not only to lay a solid foundation for the young generation but also to prepare for the upcoming Martial Academy recruitment.
If Spirit Creek Village had one or two young people who entered the Martial Academy, it would be an unparalleled honor.
However, entering the Martial Academy wasn’t that simple. In addition to having excellent comprehension, one needed to pass the academy’s assessment.
Until now, none of the young people in Spirit Creek Village had mastered a third-rate martial art, which made village head Lu Cangsheng and other village officials headache, leading to this medicinal bath.
Because many things were required for the medicinal bath, even with Spirit Creek Village’s resources, it took several years to hold a small-scale medicinal bath.
The targets of the medicinal bath were, of course, potential-filled youngsters.
Those who had cultivated their martial arts to a small accomplishment realm were considered to have great potential.
Once the fire was extinguished and the water in the cauldron had cooled down from boiling, wailing and splashing sounds rang out one after another.
“Ah, I’m going to die!”
“I’m cooked through, I’m all cooked, save me!”
In the bronze cauldrons, several young boys gritted their teeth and grimaced in pain, constantly crying out. However, the adults watch them coldly, showing no sympathy.
Of course, not all children were disappointing. Lu Tianhu and Lu Liangpeng, though showing pain on their faces, gritted their teeth and persevered, sweating profusely but never making a sound from beginning to end.
As for Lu Yun, he was cooperating even better because he had already advanced to a martial artist. With the transformation of his physical quality, his endurance had increased significantly, so he did not feel the heart-wrenching pain that others experienced.
Furthermore, Lu Yun noticed that with the passage of time, the viscosity of the medicinal liquid in his cauldron became thinner and clearer from its initial turbidity.
The old Village Head, who was constantly monitoring the changes in the bronze cauldrons, saw this development and instructed another member of staff to add fire before taking out two more jars to pour into the cauldron containing Lu Yun.
Seeing the big fire rising again under Lu Yun’s cauldron, the other youngsters showed sympathetic expressions, suddenly feeling grateful that they only had to endure the pain and torture once.
As for some adults, they couldn’t help but cast admiring glances at Lu Yun’s performance.
A youngster who could complete a medicinal bath was considered to have an impressive innate talent and would definitely become a martial artist in the future.
Lu Yun, however, not only bore the pain of the medicinal bath but also absorbed the liquid inside his cauldron in a very short time, prompting the Village Head to hold a second medicinal bath. This was truly extraordinary talent.
At the same time, they couldn’t help but worry about this.
The second medicinal bath, coupled with the two different types of beast blood added by the old Village Head, was not something that ordinary people could withstand, let alone a boy like Lu Yun who was not even eleven years old yet.
“You don’t have to worry. Little Lu Yun has an extremely strong constitution and can bear it. Moreover, this medicinal bath will be of great help to him,” Old Village Head Lu Cangsheng said, stroking his beard.
“In less than half a month, the young lad has cultivated the Breaking Wind Saber Technique to a small achievement realm. After this medicinal bath, he will definitely step into the great accomplishment realm, and by then, he will have a great chance of entering the Martial Academy,” Lu Meng said with admiration as he watched Lu Yun’s persistence inside the bronze cauldron.
“Ah… finally, our Spirit Creek Village has produced a genius,” a burly man also sighed.
The medicinal bath lasted for a long time, and the youngsters were soaked until they looked like red monkeys. Unable to bear it any longer, they were eventually pulled out by the adults.
After coming out, they all looked miserable, and with tearful eyes, it was as if they had been tormented by unbearable pain.
As for Lu Tianhu and Lu Liangpeng, they wore joyful expressions on their faces, secretly feeling the surge of power within them.
“The effects are very good. After thoroughly absorbing the medicinal properties, both of them will be able to step into a great accomplishment realm in martial arts,” Lu Cangsheng whispered to several other elders, nodding in satisfaction.
On the side, Lu Yun quietly summoned his attribute panel.
Name:Lu Yun
Force:Spirit Creek Village
Martial Arts:Breaking Wind Saber Technique (Perfection, cannot be promoted)
Innate Talent:Level 5
Martial Arts:Enter Martial Realm Early Stage
Energy Points:0.9


CHAPTER-9
9 Chapter 9, The New Martial Art, Mix Origin Technique

Spirit Creek Village, at the home of the old village head.
“Xiaoyun, Tianhu, Liangpeng!” Old Village Head Lu Cangsheng had a beaming expression, Lu Yun, Lu Tianhu, and Lu Liangpeng had shown exemplary performance during this medicinal bath.
Especially Lu Yun, who had undergone two whole medicinal baths, showed extraordinary talent that filled Lu Cangsheng’s heart with joy.
Spirit Creek Village finally had a real prodigy.
“Xiaoyun, I want to ask you, have you become a formal martial artist?” Lu Cangsheng curiously asked.
Lu Yun blinked his eyes, he didn’t expect the old village head to ask this question, “how could he tell that he had advanced to become a martial artist?”
“Village head grandpa, I don’t really know what happened, but I feel that I have a knack for martial arts. I practiced wholeheartedly and then I achieved the Great accomplishment of Breaking Wind Saber Technique.”
Although unexpected, Lu Yun had prepared his response beforehand, and was ready to attribute all his successes to his innate talent if anyone asked.
Such an answer yielded safety, and now that his innate talent had risen, becoming a Level 5 talent, he was, technically, not lying.
“Seems like Xiaoyun’s innate talent is truly amazing. It’s a pity that we don’t have the means to examine innate talents here, otherwise we would have known what level of innate talent you possess.” Lu Cangsheng expressed slight regret, but it faded soon. Whenever he thought about the fact that Lu Yun had become a martial artist with just three months of training, his expectations for Lu Yun’s future would magnify.
Lu Liangpeng and Lu Tianhu, standing not far from them, looked at Lu Yun with complex emotions in their eyes.
In the past, they were the most outstanding individuals among the younger generation of Spirit Creek Village and never looked down on anyone else.
But now, they were still one step away from achieving the Great accomplishment in their third-class martial arts, and Lu Yun, on the other hand, had become a martial artist. This was, beyond doubt, a massive irony.
“Innate talent?” Lu Yun rejoiced in his heart. He originally intended to find an opportunity to inquire about innate talents. Now that the old village head had brought it up, he naturally wouldn’t miss the opportunity to ask.
“Village head grandpa, how can one detect their innate talent, and how can one determine whether their innate talent is good or bad?”
Old Village Head Lu Cangsheng paused for a while before slowly saying, “To test innate talents, you’d either need a specialized tool or an extremely high martial arts cultivation realm. You’ll find out once you participate in the Martial Academy assessments.”
“Innate talents range from one-star to nine-star. One-star denotes the poorest innate talent, those individuals can barely achieve to become a martial artist in their lifetime, while those with nine-star innate talent are the best. Once found, these individuals will be highly sought after by numerous top-ranked sects and formidable forces.”
“However, I have never seen a nine-star innate talent, and I have no idea what kind of character they could be.”
Old Village Head Lu Cangsheng subconsciously showed a look of yearning.
“Village head grandpa, how many stars do you have?”
At this moment, Lu Tianhu suddenly asked.
“Haha, let’s not talk about it, let’s not talk about it!” Lu Cangsheng obviously didn’t want to dwell on this topic.
“Tianhu, Liangpeng, you both should return and fully absorb the gains from today’s medicinal bath to achieve the Great accomplishment. As for Xiaoyun, since you’ve already become a martial artist and wish to further increase your strength, you’ll need to learn a new martial art. I’ll accompany you to the village’s Talent Building for you to choose an appropriate martial art.” Lu Cangsheng rose and headed outside.
Lu Yun was immediately delighted as he currently lacked a subsequent martial art, and he had only practiced the Breaking Wind Saber Technique so far, thus his defensive capabilities were deficient.
In addition, he lacked a proper sword, which resulted in compromises on his strength. Now that he had an opportunity to select a new martial art, he was naturally ecstatic.
Talent Building is actually an isolated two-story pagoda located in Lu Cangsheng’s backyard, it wasn’t guarded by anyone.
With Lu Cangsheng, the first martial artist of Spirit Creek Village, there was no need for anyone to keep watch.
“The first floor is full of some third-class and unsuccessful martial arts mainly used for laying the foundation, such as the Breaking Wind Saber Technique, Fierce Tiger Fist, and so on. Since you are already an Enter Martial Realm practitioner, you don’t need to look at these martial arts. I will take you directly to the second floor.” Lu Cangsheng took Lu Yun and walked up the staircase.
The second floor of the Talent Building only had a large room, where two rows of bookshelves were arranged. One of the bookshelves was empty while the other bookshelf held a dozen or so booklets scattered sparsely.
Lu Cangsheng walked forward and skillfully pulled out three booklets from the shelves, laying them on the table, “These three are all second-class martial arts. Any one of them can help you pass through the Enter Martial Realm stage and advance to the next Martial Arts Realm, the Meridian Passage Realm.”
Lu Yun picked up the booklets and immediately began flipping them open.
The Bullish Strength, can refine bones and flesh, achieving perfection gives you strength worth a thousand pounds, and provides strong explosive power when facing enemies.
Body Enhancement Training, refining your body, laying down the basic martial arts. Upon perfection, your physical body will automatically open the first meridian, giving birth to True Qi.
Mix Origin Technique, primarily develops physical potential, providing a comprehensive enhancement of physical strength, speed, stamina. It is a steady type of martial art, but its disadvantage is that it is high-difficulty and relatively slow to improve.
After having glanced over all three martial arts books, Lu Cangsheng laughed, “Of all the martial arts in the Talent Building, these are the three most advanced, how about it, which one are you favoring?”
“Village head grandpa, can I choose all three?” Lu Yun scratched his head in embarrassment.
“You rascal.” Lu Cangsheng chided jokingly, “Even though your talent is quite good, you must understand that a person’s energy is limited, being able to achieve perfection in any one of them would be quite an achievement.”
“Moreover, these three martial arts have different ways to reach the same result, even if you could ensure that all three are practiced to perfection in a short time, it will not contribute greatly to your strength growth, it will only be a waste of time.”
“Ah, I see!” After hearing this, Lu Yun understood and further asked, “Village head grandpa, if I practice the Body Enhancement Training to perfection, not only will my physical strength increase greatly, but my meridians will also open and True Qi will spontaneously form. Does it mean that among these three martial arts, Body Enhancement Training is the strongest?”
Lu Cangsheng first shook his head, then nodded, leaving Lu Yun in confusion.
After a long pause, Lu Cangsheng explained, “The Enter Martial Realm can be considered as a foundational stage where the body is continuously refined and the flesh tempered to increase physique, enhance Qi and Blood, laying the foundation for the subsequent opening of meridians, and the condensation of True Qi.”
“Body Enhancement Training indeed can help you to open the meridians in advance and give birth to True Qi, but the methods of enhancing Qi and Blood as well as promoting bodily potential are quite overbearing, and relatively speaking, it’s not as good as Bullish Strength.”
“If you had mediocre innate talent, Body Enhancement Training would be a good choice as it would help you advance into Meridian Passage Realm more easily.”
“But since you have extraordinary martial arts talent and a high chance of entering the Martial Academy, I would recommend you to choose the Mix Origin Technique. It is comparatively balanced and can enhance all aspects without any glaring weaknesses compared with other martial arts.”
“Is that so…”
Having heard this, Lu Yun made up his mind.
“Village head grandpa, then I’ll choose the Mix Origin Technique!”
“You’ve got potential!” Seeing Lu Yun made the right choice, a smile appeared on Lu Cangsheng’s old face. His wrinkled face was like a blooming chrysanthemum.
“The second-class martial arts like this one are few and far between in the village. Memorize the contents inside as soon as possible, and then return it.” As he handed the Mix Origin Technique to Lu Yun, Lu Cangsheng wore an extremely serious expression.
Lu Yun nodded. Holding the obtained booklet tightly, he didn’t need Lu Cangsheng to explain the importance of the martial art enclosed within.
After all, the entire Talent Building only housed a dozen or so second-class martial arts. These were the most precious resources of Spirit Creek Village.


CHAPTER-10
10 Chapter 10: Setting Off (Seeking Collections and Recommendations)

Returning home, Lu He and Lu Yu eagerly approached to inquire about Lu Yun’s strength.
Lu Yun rehashed the explanation he gave to the Old Village Head, then returned to his room and closed the door.
“He broke through while practicing, and even became a Martial Artist?” Lu He was dumbfounded, stunned by Lu Yun’s words.
“I remember that he said last time that he broke through while practicing, and it’s the same this time.” Lu Yu awkwardly said.
Lu He shook his head, feeling obviously defeated.
“Ah, Xiaoyun has excellent martial arts talent which is great for our family and the village. We should be happy.” Lu Yu comforted him.
“Yes, we should be happy!” Lu He tried hard to squeeze out a smile.
In his room, Lu Yun flipped through the Mix Origin Technique manual, which detailed how to use the Heaven and Earth’s energy to temper oneself, stimulate physical potential, strengthen vitality, and enhance physical strength and burst power.
It took Lu Yun an hour to memorize the content, and then he called out his panel with a thought.
Name: Lu Yun
Force: Spirit Creek Village
Martial Arts: Breaking Wind Saber Technique (Perfection, Not Upgradable),Mix Origin Technique (Pre-Entry, Not Upgradable)
Innate Talent: Level 5
Martial Arts: Enter Martial Realm Early Stage
Energy Points: 0.9
If one does not record their martial arts techniques, they won’t appear on the panel.
Now, the Mix Origin Technique appeared on the panel, proving that Lu Yun had fully memorized it.
Since all energy points were used to enhance the Breaking Wind Saber Technique, Lu Yun couldn’t take shortcuts.
However.
Not being able to use energy points to improve martial arts does not mean one should waste their days away.
Lu Yun’s innate talent was now Level 5, which was considered good, and he believed that even with his own hard work, he could improve his martial arts.
Time always flies when one is practicing diligently.
In the blink of an eye, a month had passed.
During this time, Lu Yun practiced and accumulated energy points without neglecting either.
Meanwhile, as he practiced, his reputation as a genius gradually spread throughout Spirit Creek Village.
Lu Yun, of course, didn’t pay much attention to this.
In Lu Yun’s view, only improving his own strength was the truly important task at hand.
Ding dong!
One day, the entrance gate was knocked on.
Lu Yun opened the door and saw Lu Youxiong standing outside.
“Uncle Youxiong!” Lu Yun’s face broke into a sunny smile.
“Hmm.” Lu Youxiong kindly nodded, his eyes full of anticipation as he said, “I heard that you chose the Mix Origin Technique from the Talent Building last time. Have you reached the Entry Level yet?”
“I just reached Entry Level.” Lu Yun’s eyes flickered, revealing a brilliant smile.
Over the past month, he had achieved rapid progress through day and night hard work, so it wasn’t as simple as just reaching Entry Level. However, to avoid causing a commotion, he didn’t tell the truth.
“Haha, I knew you could do it.” Lu Youxiong waved his strong right hand and slapped Lu Yun’s shoulder, laughing, “You’re the first in Spirit Creek Village to reach Entry Level with the Mix Origin Technique, and you did it in just one month. The future is boundless!”
Lu Yun awkwardly touched his nose and silently checked the progress of his Mix Origin Technique.
Mix Origin Technique: Small Achievement (3%), Not Upgradable
Energy Points: 0.1
Having reached Small Achievement in the Mix Origin Technique in just one month was something no one else could have anticipated.
Although he used some energy points, he didn’t gain too many during this month, and the improvement of the Mix Origin Technique mostly relied on Lu Yun’s day-by-day hard work.
After exchanging a few casual words with Lu Yun, Lu Youxiong said, “There’s less than half a month until the Martial Academy’s assessment, so you must leave now to participate. Lu Liangpeng and Lu Tianhu are already prepared, so hurry up and get ready.”
“I’m all packed and won’t delay anyone’s time.” Just then, Lu Yu came out of the house with a bundle in her hand.
“Xiaoyun is going away, and all I can do is make a new outfit for you in my spare time.” As Lu Yu handed the bundle to Lu Yun, her face showed reluctance.
Ever since Lu Yun showed extraordinary martial arts talent, she knew that her younger brother didn’t belong to this place or even to Cloud Water County, so she had been prepared.
However, when faced with separation, she realized how reluctant she was in her heart.
“Sister, don’t worry. When I achieve success in the martial arts, I will definitely bring you and elder brother to the city!” Lu Yun solemnly declared.
“I believe in you, Xiaoyun!” Lu Yu smiled and nodded, holding back her tears and pretending to be strong.
“Xiaoyun, we’ll be waiting for your name to spread throughout Cloud Water County, and even in Ling Province!” Lu He laughed loudly, his eyes filled with pride as he looked at Lu Yun.
Compared to Lu Yu’s reluctance, Lu He was more proud.
This was his younger brother, with extraordinary martial arts talent and immeasurable future achievements. A small Spirit Creek Village could not constrain him, and Cloud Water County or even the larger Ling Province was his true stage.
Lu Yu looked at Lu Yun with reluctance, rubbing her dress corners with her small hands and her eyes reddened.
“Eldest brother, sister, I’m leaving!” Lu Yun’s eyes glistened with tears. Although he was reluctant at heart, he eventually had to leave.
Having said that, he picked up his bundle and, carrying his saber, turned and left with Lu Youxiong.
First, they went to the Village Head’s house, and as soon as they entered the courtyard, they saw Lu Liangpeng, Lu Tianhu, and two middle-aged men already waiting there.
Lu Yun recognized one of the middle-aged men as the captain of the Spirit Creek Village hunting team and Lu Tianhu’s father, Lu Bingsheng.
As for the other strong man, Lu Yun guessed that he should be Lu Liangpeng’s father.
“Is everyone here?”
Quickly, the Old Village Head, Lu Cangsheng, walked out of the house.
He looked extremely old, but his eyes were sharp and piercing, giving people a powerful sense of oppression.
“Village Head!”
Lu Yun and the others greeted him one by one.
“Bingsheng, during my absence, you must work with Youxiong to take good care of the village.” Lu Cangsheng instructed.
“Don’t worry, Village Head. I will order the hunting team to strengthen security during the day, ensuring that there is no mishap.” Lu Bingsheng said, patting his chest.
Lu Cangsheng nodded, looked at Lu Yun, Lu Liangpeng, and Lu Tianhu, and kindly said, “Alright, let’s get ready to set off!”
No sooner had he finished speaking than a carriage appeared outside the door, driven by a young man who was also one of the martial artists in the village. Lu Yun remembered that he was called Lu Cang, and he had a good relationship with his eldest brother Lu He.
“Village Head, get in the carriage!” Lu Cang loudly said.
Quickly, they boarded the carriage, which slowly set off and drove away from Spirit Creek Village.
“It really is desolate.”
Out of Spirit Creek Village, the area became sparsely populated. The carriage traveled dozens of miles without encountering a single person.
The world was chaotic, with sects hostile towards one another and conflicts between provinces. Travelers were few and far between, except those with some strength of their own.
Even then, they traveled in groups, like Lu Yun and his group.
Due to the Old Village Head’s presence, the atmosphere inside the carriage remained silent and oppressive.
After traveling for several hours, Lu Liangpeng couldn’t stand the silence and started to chat idly with Lu Yun.
Of course, their conversation was limited to their daily lives in the village and they rarely talked about each other’s cultivation progress.


CHAPTER-11
11 Chapter 11: Chance Encounter

In late spring, the sun gradually became fiery hot.
On the dried grass covered mountain trail, a carriage leisurely moved forward. Lu Cang, who was driving, occasionally let out unpleasant singing.
Lu Tianhu gradually let go of his restraint and joined in the conversation with Lu Yun.
“Lu Yun, how did you recover from your illness? My father said before that with your former condition, even normal life was difficult. How did you become a martial artist so quickly?”
“You have to ask such a simple question?” Lu Liangpeng spoke disdainfully, “Lu Yun became a martial artist so quickly, of course, because his talent far surpasses yours. As for the congenital deficiency, as long as the cultivation technique could make a slight breakthrough, it would improve the body.”
Being ridiculed by Lu Liangpeng, Lu Tianhu had no good expression, he said coldly, “It’s enough that you target me in the village. In the future, if we happen to pass the assessment and enter the Martial Academy, we will be fellow villagers who need to help each other. I suggest you change your previous temperament!”
“Hmph, even so, I still won’t be your companion. My companions should be people I find pleasing to look at, like Lu Yun.” Lu Liangpeng completely disregarded Lu Tianhu.
Seeing the two were not getting along, Lu Yun did not want to intervene. He sat in a corner and slowly opened his package to see what was inside.
From the start of their journey, he had always felt that there was something heavy inside, unlike just a piece of clothing.
Upon opening the package, the outermost layer was indeed a dress, dark black in color, with smooth fabric and a soft texture.
Lu Yun lifted the corner of the dress and saw a bundle wrapped in linen, which felt very hard.
“Is this what made the package so heavy?” Filled with curiosity, Lu Yun opened the linen, and a few shiny things appeared.
“Wow, so much silver.” Lu Liangpeng happened to see the silver in Lu Yun’s package.
“It looks like at least fifty taels. It seems your eldest brother and sister take good care of you.” Lu Tianhu also commented, his face showing a hint of envy. This time, his father, the hunting team leader, had only given him twenty taels of silver.
“Yes! My brother and sister do take good care of me.” Lu Yun nodded, wrapped the silver back in linen, and placed it in the package, holding it tightly. His heart felt warm.
He knew very well that fifty taels of silver might be all the family’s belongings.
And now, all of it was given to him.
This love weighed heavily on him.
“Everyone, be careful and stay alert.” At this time, Lu Cang, who was driving, shouted, “There are often bandits on this mountain road.”
“Bandits?”
Hearing this, both Lu Liangpeng and Lu Tianhu became alert. As it was their first time traveling far from home, they were curious about the outside world and also fearful.
Lu Yun also tensed his nerves, looking at the slopes on both sides of the road.
He was unsure of the strength of the bandits in this world. If they were ordinary people, there would be no threat to them.
If they were martial artists, that might be troublesome.
As the carriage moved forward, the trees on both sides of the road gradually became more densely packed. If someone suddenly attacked from within them, it would be hard to react and respond.
“Be careful, there are people!”
At this moment, Lu Cang pulled the reins, and the horse neighed as the carriage suddenly stopped.
It turned out that, in front of the mountain road, under a big tree, there were more than a dozen figures dressed as bandits.
Among them, the leader was a bald man.
He wore a tattered coat, his arm muscles bulged, and his face had horizontal lines. At first glance, he looked like a practitioner with an explosive power.
Behind the bald man, there were twelve or thirteen men, each looking like no simple character, carrying broadswords with cold eyes staring at the carriage in front of them.
One of the bandits with a folding fan spoke with a smile and in a literary manner, “This mountain belongs to me, this tree is…”
Before he finished speaking, he was kicked in the butt by a man beside him, stumbled and almost fell.
“Robbery is robbery! Aren’t you trying to show off your capabilities by adopting a literary manner!” The sneaky-looking bandit cursed while threatening to kick the earlier bandit again.
“I think it’s quite good; this makes us look more imposing!” The leading bald man stopped him and instructed the bandit with the folding fan, “Continue with your previous words, louder, and show more spirit! There is a reward!”
“Alright, boss!” The bandit slapped the mark on his butt, reorganized his clothes, opened the folding fan, struck a pose, and looked at Lu Yun and the others, waving the fan and said:
“This mountain is mine, this tree is sown by me, if you want to pass here, leave the toll!”
His voice was deep and majestic, with an unspeakable confidence, seemingly in the guise of a scholar. However, paired with his rough appearance and disorderly clothing, it seemed mismatched.
“This scene… seems familiar!”
Seeing this situation, Lu Yun couldn’t help but remember a scene from a TV show in his previous life. It looked exactly the same.
In fact, when he saw these bandits, Lu Yun’s uneasiness quickly disappeared.
The most powerful among these bandits was the bald leader who looked strong and imposing but was actually just a martial artist in the middle stage of entering the Martial Realm.
As for the other bandits, only one or two of them were martial artists, while the rest were ordinary people. They posed no threat to Lu Yun and his companions.
Of course, that was only if Old Village Head Lu Cangsheng made a move.
“These are just some ordinary bandits without any strength; they’re good practice for you.”
At this time, the always meditative Lu Cangsheng finally spoke.
Lu Cang looked worried, “Village head, these are desperate men. Will it be too risky for these youngsters to face them alone?”
“No problem, I’ll be watching from the side. There won’t be any issues.” Lu Cangsheng waved his hand.
Seeing that the village head had made up his mind, Lu Yun, Lu Liangpeng, and Lu Tianhu exchanged glances, leaped off the carriage, and walked in front of the bandits.
Lu Liangpeng spoke up first, threatening, “We are people of Spirit Creek Village, heading to the county town to participate in the Martial Academy’s assessment. If you know what’s good for you, get out of our way, or I’ll cut off your heads.”
Seeing Lu Liangpeng exposing his identity like that, Lu Yun frowned but said nothing. After all, these bandits were destined to die today.
“Haha, whose child is this? At such a young age, you dare to speak such wild words!”
The bald man rubbed his head and said to the people behind him, “Brothers, who wants to teach this brat a lesson and let him know the cruelty in people’s hearts in this chaotic world?”
Upon hearing this, a sneaky-looking bandit sneered and charged forward, “Boss, let me, Ma Laosan, take care of these little ones.”
After speaking, Ma Laosan swept his cold, sinister gaze over the three young men and menacingly stared at Lu Liangpeng. His figure moved, and his long knife came out of its sheath as he ferociously chopped it down.


CHAPTER-12
12 Chapter 12, Taking Action

“Well done!” The saying ‘young calves are not afraid of tigers,’ aptly describes Lu Liangpeng. Faced with the bandits charging on horseback, he didn’t retreat but instead, attacked proactively.
He directly leapt forward while simultaneously drawing his blade, accomplishing both moves almost in an instant. This showed off his mastery of the Breaking Wind Saber Technique to the fullest.
“This little brat really does have some skills!” Ma Laosan narrowly dodged an attack, looking at Lu Liangpeng with lingering fear in his heart.
“I thought the horse bandits were supposed to be strong, but they’re just like you… pathetic.” Seeing that his opponent was nearly slain by his blade, Lu Liangpeng’s confidence grew, and any remaining fear in his heart vanished.
With that, he unleashed astonishing strength and speed, striking with the first move of the Breaking Wind Saber Technique, Sweeping Thousands of Armies. The howling blade wind gave Ma Laosan no chance to respond, and he was struck down from his horse.
“Not good, this kid really is a practitioner, quite ferocious.” Watching his men being killed by a child in just a few moves, the bald man pointed his blade menacingly and ordered: “All of you attack together and finish off these three kids.”
“Yes, Boss.”
The remaining horse bandits followed orders, urging their horses to leap and brandishing their huge cleavers as they assaulted Lu Yun and the others.
“Lu Yun.”
Lu Tianhu turned his head abruptly, saying, “Among the three of us, you are the strongest, so you have to take on more responsibility. Deal with the main forces.”
Lu Yun nodded solemnly, grasping the handle of the saber at his waist, ready to strike.
“I’ll handle the three in front.” Lu Liangpeng had already killed one horse bandit and was brimming with confidence, displaying the demeanor of an expert, completely composed.
“All right, but don’t get careless. These people are desperate!” Lu Tianhu warned as the battle was about to commence.
“Kill!”
It was unclear if Lu Liangpeng had taken in the warning as he rushed forward to fight.
Within the dense forest, the setting sun scattered through the leaves and onto the path. The three young men charged at the horse bandits.
The first to engage in close combat with the horse bandits was Lu Liangpeng. Although he hadn’t yet become a martial artist, his mastery of the Breaking Wind Saber Technique gave him speed and strength far beyond ordinary adults. With a leap, he kicked one horse bandit off their mount while simultaneously sweeping his saber at the bandit’s right arm.
However, the opponent seemed to be well-prepared and experienced, easily dodging the fatal blow and counterattacking with a swift chop. The powerful force generated from the counterattack was not inferior to that of Lu Liangpeng, a soon-to-be martial artist.
At this moment, another bandit attacked Lu Liangpeng from the side, his sharp saber about to strike. However, at the critical moment, an unknown attack blocked the blow, giving Lu Liangpeng a chance to catch his breath.
Lu Yun noticed this scene, and after a brief moment of thought, understood what had happened. “The Old Village Head must be at least a Meridian Passage Realm expert, otherwise he wouldn’t be able to block the bandit’s attack from such a distance.”
Knowing that a powerful expert like the Old Village Head was secretly watching over them, Lu Yun hesitated no more and engaged the oncoming horse bandits.
Clang!
The saber left its sheath, its cold light flashing, and in an instant, one horse bandit was dismounted, followed by his head being separated from his body.
This was the ultimate speed and explosive power of a martial artist in the mid-stage of Enter Martial Realm.
“So this is what it feels like to kill someone, it’s not a big deal. It seems I was born to be an executioner.” Lu Yun felt a touch of emotion during his first kill, but no discomfort.
“Die!”
At that moment, another horse bandit, gripping a large cleaver with a murderous look in his eyes, struck down at Lu Yun.
Just as the blade was about to hit Lu Yun’s forehead, he suddenly leaned back, easily dodging the fatal blow. Then, he delivered a sidekick to the horse’s stomach, his powerful strength knocking the horse down.
The horse bandit fell to the ground and, before he could get up, felt an intense chill approaching.
“Not good!” Realizing the danger, the horse bandit ignored the pain and drew his blade, attempting to block.
“Bang!”
With an overwhelming force, the long saber was sent flying, and a cold light burst out, slashing across the horse bandit’s left shoulder.
Blood poured out, and the pain made the horse bandit’s vision blur, causing him to soon lose consciousness.
Lu Yun quickly finished off the bandit with a final strike, then, as fast as he could, strove to kill another one.
Another sudden attack, and another bandit fell to his death.
In just a couple of moves, half of the dozen bandits had fallen, including the bald-headed bandit leader, leaving only seven left.
“Damn, we’ve met a tough opponent.” Seeing his comrades falling one after another, the muscles on the bald bandit’s face trembled involuntarily. He pointed his blade at two of his men, ordering, “You two, get over there and cut off the heads of those three kids!”
“Pathetic. Just a few brats, and we have to deal with them ourselves. Such useless men don’t deserve to run with us.” One of the bandits mumbled under his breath, but still obeyed the bald man’s instructions and attacked with his fellow bandit.
Having dealt with another bandit, Lu Yun saw the two shadowy figures quickly approach.
“Such speed!”
Lu Yun was shocked.
The speed and momentum of these two bandits were much stronger than the previous ones, even surpassing Lu Liangpeng and Lu Tianhu, who were at the Practitioner level of martial artists.
Lu Yun immediately realized that these two bandits were Martial Artists.
“Little brat, obediently accept death at my hands!” In just two breaths’ time, the bandit attacked, his slashing blade creating sharp, breakable sounds.
“Such powerful explosive force, indeed, he’s a Martial Artist!”
As a master of the Breaking Wind Saber Technique, Lu Yun instantly knew that this bandit was also a Martial Artist who had achieved greatness in saber techniques.
However, he had reached small accomplishment in the Mix Origin Technique, giving him enhanced strength and speed. He was unafraid and dodged the bandit’s charge, engaging him in close combat.
“Little guy, you’ve got some skill. But your two companions aren’t Martial Artists and won’t hold out for long. When the two of us Martial Artists attack together, let’s see what you can do.” The bandit constantly attacked Lu Yun verbally and physically, showing off his ruthless blade skills and rich combat experience, refusing to give Lu Yun an opening.
Clang!
Lu Yun forced his opponent back in a single strike, unleashing a barrage of concentrated wind blades that enveloped the bandit, giving him no chance to breathe.
Breaking Wind Saber Technique, after all, was a top-tier Third-Rate Martial Art. Its three defensive moves gave it a fighting advantage, and for a time, left the bandit with no ability to counterattack.
At this moment, inside the carriage, Lu Cangsheng commented with a faint smile: “Xiao Cang, what do you think of these three kids?”
“Village head, although Lu Yun is suppressing his opponent with speed and strength, he lacks practical experience.
Lu Tianhu and Lu Liangpeng can handle ordinary bandits, but one of the bandits is a genuine Martial Artist with rich battle experience. I’m afraid they won’t hold out for long.”
“Yes, it’s just a few horse bandits, yet they’re having trouble. When they face more powerful and experienced Martial Artists, what will they do?” Lu Cangsheng’s aged face showed a trace of worry.
“Sigh, I don’t know whether sending them out of Spirit Creek Village was the right thing.”
Lu Cang replied: “Village head, I am not as wise as you, but I know only one principle: eagles must eventually soar. They are still young and have not experienced life outside, but with their talent, as long as they gain experience, they will grow gradually. Especially Lu Yun, at such a young age, he can suppress a ferocious horse bandit Martial Artist. His future achievements are boundless.”
“Yes, you’re right. So now, while we can still provide help, let’s help them grow as much as possible.” The eyes of Lu Cangsheng gazed at Lu Yun and the others, brimming with the light of wisdom.


CHAPTER-13
13 Chapter 13, Progress and Growth

The setting sun cast a slanting glow, a gentle breeze blew, and the leaves on the trees swayed.
The battle in the forest was still going on.
At this moment, there were already over a dozen corpses lying on the ground.
These corpses were, of course, all horse bandits.
However, at this moment, the condition of Lu Tianhu and Lu Liangpeng was not very good. Both of them had several wounds on their bodies.
“I didn’t expect to have a chance to fight side by side with you one day,” Lu Liangpeng said coldly.
“Haha, I believe there will be plenty of such opportunities in the future. But there’s one condition. You have to pass the test and enter the Martial Academy with me,” Lu Tianhu laughed, not caring at all about his injuries.
“I’m a bit impressed by your courage, being able to joke around even at death’s door.”
At this moment, the horse bandit had already dismounted. Each swing of his ring saber produced a crisp metallic collision sound.
He pressed closer step by step, his offense highly rhythmic and oppressive, gradually expanding his advantage. Lu Liangpeng and Lu Tianhu could only be broken through defensively.
“Could it be that the village head and the others are really going to stand by and let us die here?” Although Lu Liangpeng still seemed relaxed on the surface, a sense of fear was brewing in his heart.
No wonder, after all, they were not yet martial artists, and they were just under thirteen years old. It was normal to be intimidated when facing such an experienced martial artist.
However, once fear sets in, the moves they make are bound to reveal flaws, which were easily captured by the horse bandit. Another cut was made on Lu Liangpeng’s body.
“There’s less than half a month left before the Martial Academy examination. If their injuries are too severe, I’m afraid it will affect their chances of entering the Martial Academy,” Lu Cang said worriedly.
Lu Cangsheng nodded, “It’s okay. The training effect is almost there. You can go and stretch your muscles a bit.”
“Yes, Village Head!”
Just as Lu Tianhu and Lu Liangpeng were in danger, they suddenly saw Lu Cang appear out of nowhere.
He held the saber with both hands and strode forward.
“Not good, this guy is also a martial artist!?”
As a martial artist in the early stage of entering the martial realm, the horse bandit felt a sense of crisis from Lu Cang, who suddenly appeared.
But his movement was still a bit slow. As soon as he turned around, he felt a gust of wind coming from a saber, followed by an intense pain in his waist.
“His speed is so fast. He’s at least at the same level as the boss. I’m no match for him. I have to escape quickly!”
The horse bandit was in a panic. He endured the severe pain coming from his waist and fled toward the direction of the bald man.
Knowing he was no match for his opponent, the horse bandit ran away as fast as he could. In the blink of an eye, he had already escaped several tens of meters away.
But how could Lu Cang let him succeed? With a sudden leap, his right foot stepped on the trunk of a tree. He used the tree to propel himself forward, catching up to the horse bandit and slashing at him with a fierce swipe of his saber.
Splash.
A long wound was ripped open on the back of the horse bandit, blood gushing out, the injury bone-deep.
At this moment, the horse bandit finally lost his fighting power and fell into a pool of blood.
“Fuck, the kid has got some moves!” The bald man saw Lu Cang suddenly make his move, revealing at least the strength of a late-entry martial artist. He didn’t dare to stay any longer, pulling on the reins and galloping away.
“Today I’ll teach you another lesson. When dealing with enemies, cut off the roots to prevent future troubles!”
At this moment, Lu Cangsheng suddenly left the carriage and appeared in front of the bald man, blocking his way.
“You are very unlucky. Not only did you become a negative example, you will also lose your life!”
Lu Cangsheng’s eyes were cold, his thick true Qi suddenly circulating. He took a step forward, and his palms struck out together.
The powerful true Qi emanated from his seemingly frail body, and a surging force roared and surged.
At this moment, the sturdy bald man seemed like a tiny boat in the face of this terrifying storm. Before he could even feel terror, he was blasted away by the overwhelming force.
“You’re a master of Meridian Passage Realm…” The bald man spat out a mouthful of blood. Before dying, his eyes were filled with disbelief.
“If you don’t completely eliminate the roots when cutting the grass, it will grow back when the spring breeze blows. For the sake of Spirit Creek Village, I hope you learn your lesson in your next life!” Lu Cangsheng returned to his gentle old man’s demeanor, letting out a long sigh.
Immediately after, he glanced back at Lu Yun’s direction and urged, “Kid, the sun is about to set. Finish the battle quickly, otherwise, we’ll have to spend the night outdoors!”
“Boss!”
The bandit who was fighting Lu Yun had just seen his comrades fall in a pool of blood, and now witnessed their boss be killed by an old man in a single move, which caused his soul to be greatly frightened. He lost his footing in advancing and retreating, gradually becoming disoriented.
“Good opportunity.” Lu Yun seized the opportunity to catch the enemy off-guard, concentrating speed and strength, working hard to perform the move “Sweeping Away a Thousand Mountains.”
Dada dada.
The bandit’s head rolled off, dying with his eyes wide open.
“How does it feel to kill someone?” Lu Cang came over at this time, watching the three teenagers with great interest and smiling.
“Nothing much, no special feeling.” Lu Liangpeng blurted out bluntly.
Lu Tianhu shook his head slightly, his face somewhat pale, “If I don’t kill them, they’ll kill me. Under the choice of either me dying or they dying, even if I feel uncomfortable, I can only make the right choice.”
Lu Cang nodded slightly, then turned his questioning gaze to Lu Yun.
“Who knows how many souls have been lost in the hands of these bandits? In my eyes, they’re not much different from wild beasts. Slaughtering wild beasts doesn’t carry much psychological burden for me.”
Lu Yun wiped the blood off his blade, then casually cleaned up the battlefield.
“You all did very well, especially this kid, Lu Yun. He’s very suited to be a martial artist!” Lu Cang’s face was full of smiles, unspeakably satisfied.
“I remember when you were their age, even killing a chicken made you shake. In that respect, you were far worse than them.” Lu Cangsheng walked over and teased.
Seeing the growth of the three teenagers, he was genuinely happy.
“Haha, Old Village Head, don’t remind me of my past embarrassments!” Lu Cang said with his mouth, but his heart held no grudges.
“Alright, let’s get ready to go.” Then, Lu Cangsheng paused and ordered, “We shouldn’t stay here for long. Clean up the battlefield quickly and continue on our way.”
Lu Liangpeng and Lu Tianhu both suffered minor injuries and went back to the carriage to apply medicine. Only Lu Yun and Lu Cang were left to clean up the battlefield.
After a simple cleanup, Lu Yun obtained scattered silver from the bodies of the bandits, totaling seventy-five taels.
Then, he found a yellowed book on the bald-headed big man’s body. It was a third-rate martial arts secret manual called the Gale Saber Technique.
Having already cultivated the Breaking Wind Saber Technique, Lu Yun was naturally uninterested in this and handed it over to Lu Cangsheng.
As for the horses of the bandits, they were frightened and had already run away without a trace.
In this way, Lu Yun and the others set out again.
Name:Lu Yun
Force:Spirit Creek Village
Martial Arts:Breaking Wind Saber Technique Perfection, (Third-rate martial arts, cannot be promoted), Mix Origin Technique Small Achievement (3%)
Innate Talent:Level 5
Martial Arts:Entry Level Enter Martial Realm
Energy Points:0.1
“Sure enough, killing people won’t yield energy points.” Lu Yun secretly thought as he put away the attribute panel.
Ever since discovering the attribute panel, after a long period of summarization, he found that there were only two ways to acquire energy points.
One was to automatically obtain them. If he received enough nutrients from the outside world every day, one energy point would be accumulated every ten days.
The other way was by swallowing spiritual objects, like Blood Ginseng. By swallowing it, the medicinal power contained within could be transformed into energy points.
Moreover, with the promotion of martial arts level or tier, the effect of energy points would decrease.
For example, when the third-rate martial arts Breaking Wind Saber Technique was just learned, one energy point could increase progress by 30%.
After reaching a small accomplishment, one energy point could only increase progress by 20%.
After great accomplishment, one energy point could only increase progress by about 10%.
The energy points needed to upgrade higher-ranked martial arts and the promotion of Mix Origin Technique would be even greater.


CHAPTER-14
14 Chapter 14, Cloud Water County Town

“We’ve arrived at Cloud Water County.”
As the sun sets, a giant city imbued with the aura of time appeared, looking like a ferocious beast roaring and staring fiercely at Lu Yun and his companions.
“No wonder it’s a county capital. It really is grand and magnificent!” Lu Liangpeng stared at the city in the distance, his eyes full of admiration, his blood boiling with excitement like an energetic chick.
As the only city within hundreds of miles of Cloud Water County, its scale is naturally incomparable to that of a small village. The towering and majestic city walls, bearing the marks of time and vicissitudes, provided a great visual impact to these youngsters from the village.
Even Lu Yun, who had seen skyscrapers in his previous life, couldn’t help but be amazed by the grandeur and magnificence of the city walls in front of him.
“Hehe, this is just a small county capital. Once you pass the Martial Academy examination, you’ll have a chance to witness the even grander and more magnificent Spirit Martial Prefecture city!” Lu Cang, who was sitting in front driving the carriage, explained.
“Eldest brother Lu Cang, I heard that Cloud Water County has powerful martial artists at the True Qi Realm or above. Wouldn’t there be even more powerful martial artists in the larger Spirit Martial Prefecture city?” Lu Tianhu’s face rarely showed a hint of longing.
Lu Cang slowly said, “Spirit Martial Prefecture has more than a dozen counties, with a population of tens of millions. There are countless martial artists. Being the most prosperous county capital, it naturally has legendary powerful martial artists. As for what realm they are in, that’s beyond our knowledge as mere mortals.”
“But one day, you may find out how high and wide the sky and land of Spirit Martial Prefecture are and how strong the most powerful martial artists are.”
“That day won’t be far away!” Lu Yun stared at the city walls in the distance, clenched his fists, and secretly swore in his heart.
Although he was currently just a small martial artist at the Enter Martial Realm, he had achieved such progress in less than half a year since he stepped into Martial Arts. He was very confident in advancing to the Meridian Passage Realm and beyond.
Moreover, the most important thing was that he had the panel. As long as he accumulated enough energy points, he could climb the peak of Martial Arts.
“Let’s enter the city. Once it gets dark, we won’t be able to enter anymore.” Lu Cang said, driving the carriage forward.
Soon, the carriage followed the flow of people, passed through the city gate, and entered the city.
“As expected from a county capital, even the guards at the city gate give people an invincible feeling.” As soon as they entered the city, Lu Liangpeng couldn’t help but sigh.
“These guards have cultivated at least one third-rate martial art to great accomplishment, and they wear armor, so their oppression and impact are naturally very strong.” Lu Cang explained with a smile, then slowly drove the carriage forward.
Upon entering the county capital, their first priority was to find an inn to settle down in.
There was still some time before the Martial Academy examination, and Lu Liangpeng and Lu Tianhu needed to find a place to recuperate from their injuries.
Due to the upcoming examination, many young men and women from other villages had come to participate, and there were many martial Artists passing through the area, so the inns in the county capital were all fully booked.
After searching for more than ten inns, Lu Yun and the others finally found one, but by this time, the sky had completely turned dark.
“During this time, this will be my temporary residence until the examination begins.” After returning to his room, Lu Yun sat on the bed, closed his eyes, and began to cultivate the Mix Origin Technique.
Mix Origin Technique: Small Achievement (4%), not upgradable
Energy Points: 0.1
The next morning, after discovering that the Mix Origin Technique had progressed by 1%, Lu Yun showed a satisfied smile on his face.
Compared to using energy points to upgrade martial arts, Lu Yun preferred this way of relying on his own efforts and then becoming stronger.
Of course, this was when there were no energy points because, with the use of energy points, he would become stronger, faster, and easier.
“Knock, knock!”
Just then, there was a knock on the door outside, and Lu Yun heard someone calling his name.
“Lu Yun, are you up yet?”
It was Lu Liangpeng. Lu Yun recognized the voice immediately and then got up to open the door.
“The Cloud Water County capital is very lively now, and there are many gathered talents. Do you want to go out and stroll around together?” As soon as the door opened, Lu Liangpeng stood at the doorway, inviting Lu Yun.
Lu Yun didn’t give a reply right away. Instead, he folded his arms and looked at Lu Liangpeng. Suddenly, his eyes focused on Lu Tianhu, standing behind Lu Liangpeng.
At this moment, Lu Tianhu’s gaze also turned towards Lu Yun. After their gazes met, he curling his lips and said, “There is still some time before the assessment anyway, and I’m free right now, so it might be good to go out and get a feel for the other geniuses to prepare for the upcoming assessment.”
Upon hearing this, Lu Yun nodded. However, he was thinking of going out to find some items and accumulate some energy points for himself, so he said, “That’s a good idea, let’s go out and have a stroll together.”
“Great, the Three Experts of Spirit Creek set off!” Lu Liangpeng said with a face full of smiles.
Seeing this, Lu Yun shook his head. The so-called “Three Experts of Spirit Creek” were not worth much. However, he was somewhat curious, as Lu Liangpeng was not friendly to Lu Tianhu before, so why did he suddenly change his attitude?
Curiosity aside, he didn’t ask.
“Huh?” Just as the trio walked out of the inn, Lu Yun’s gaze suddenly fell on a group of buildings across the street.
It was a restaurant, built with unparalleled majesty, like a king standing proudly and overlooking the surrounding buildings.
Lu Tianhu followed Lu Yun’s gaze and said with a shrug, “That’s the Soaring Dragon Restaurant. It is incredibly luxurious and caters exclusively to the true geniuses of the world.
Over the years, anyone able to reside in the Soaring Dragon Restaurant has inevitably become a disciple of the Martial Academy.”
Lu Yun nodded upon hearing this, it seemed that their strongest competitors this time would be amongst those geniuses in the Soaring Dragon Restaurant.
At this point, Lu Liangpeng suddenly suggested, “Hehe, with your strength and talent, you are actually qualified for lodging at this restaurant too. Why don’t we go and take a look? If you really do stay there, it would bring glory to us as well!”
“The inn is quite nice, there’s no need to make a show of staying at that restaurant.” Lu Yun shook his head and retracted his gaze.
In Lu Yun’s view, it would be foolish to expose one’s strength and risk getting into trouble just for a place to stay.
However, there were times when trouble would actively seek one even if they don’t go looking for it.
“Hmph, it’s a laughable joke for country folks like you to even think of residing in the Soaring Dragon Restaurant.” A cold snort came from afar.
Just as Lu Yun and his two friends were about to leave, a figure approached from the direction of the Soaring Dragon Restaurant, causing a commotion around them.
When someone suddenly started hurling insults seemingly directed at him and his friends, Lu Yun couldn’t help but turn his head curiously to see who this person was.
It was a long-haired youth around thirteen or fourteen years old, with an air of arrogance on his face as he carried his hands behind his back. He snorted in disdain when he saw the envious and awed gazes from the crowd.
“This is Mu Qingyun, the young master of Breeze Mountain Villa. He already reached the late stage of the Enter Martial Realm and is said to have preemptively secured a spot in the Martial Academy.”
As people around saw this young man, they immediately began to discuss him. Hearing that he had already entered the late stage of the Enter Martial Realm, some people even gasped in admiration.
Normally, a person wouldn’t become a martial artist until adulthood, but the young master of Breeze Mountain Villa had not only become a martial artist at merely thirteen or fourteen, but had also reached the late stage of the Enter Martial Realm. Such talent was definitely among the best of the best in Cloud Water County.
“Good dogs don’t block the way. Which backcountry bumpkin doesn’t know this?”
Mu Qingyun walked forward arrogantly with his hands behind his back. Upon seeing Lu Yun and his two friends standing in the middle of the street, he scoffed coldly.
“You’re the dog! Your whole family are dogs!” Hearing this, Lu Liangpeng was immediately furious and retorted with harsh words.
“Hehe…” Mu Qingyun glanced at him with a disdainful look in his eyes.
“You guys aren’t even martial artists, and yet you want to join the Martial Academy? I don’t know where you got the courage from, but I advise you to just go back to your poor mountain village so as not to embarrass yourselves here.”
“You…” Lu Liangpeng’s body trembled with anger. He wanted to lash out, but Lu Yun stopped him.
“If a dog bites you, would you bite back?” Lu Yun said indifferently and then turned to leave.
Lu Tianhu tugged at Lu Liangpeng’s clothes and hurriedly followed. Although the young master of Breeze Mountain Villa was indeed arrogant, he had the strength to back it up. Defying him would only make things worse for themselves.
Although Lu Liangpeng was impulsive, he wasn’t ignorant and fully understood this fact. Even though his eyes were still filled with anger, he reluctantly followed the others.
Watching the backs of Lu Yun and his friends as they left, Mu Qingyun snorted disdainfully, “Hehe, frogs at the bottom of the well!”


CHAPTER-15
15 Chapter 15, Harvest, Seclusion

“Ah, you need to change your temper, it’s not like when we were in Spirit Creek Village, with the village head and other elders taking care of everything, nothing would go wrong.
But now we’re outside, we have to be cautious in words and deeds, or else if we accidentally provoke someone we can’t afford to offend, it would be a minor matter if we only got ourselves killed, but if it implicates the village, that would be a serious crime.”
On the way, Lu Tianhu couldn’t help but admonish.
“That guy was too arrogant, insulting us for no reason, even called us dogs, didn’t you hear that?” Lu Liangpeng argued.
“People like him are obviously spoiled rich young masters, used to giving orders and bossing others around. We should just bear with it. Anyway, with his temper, he’s bound to hit a wall someday, and it would be too late for regrets.”
“Fine, you’re right, I can’t argue with you.” Lu Liangpeng knew he was in the wrong and didn’t want to continue arguing with the other party.
Lu Yun was always taciturn, not wanting to participate in or comment on the quarrels of the two half-grown kids, his mind focused on observing the shops on both sides of the street.
Cloud Water County was very large, and it took them an hour of strolling to finish just half of the street.
Just then, Lu Yun suddenly stopped in his tracks, his eyes falling on a shop called Precious Woods Hall.
The Precious Woods Hall had luxurious decorations, its facade rich and magnificent, standing proudly on the street. There was a constant stream of people coming in and out of the store, all apparently wealthy or powerful.
What caught Lu Yun’s attention was the variety of bottles displayed in the shop: porcelain, jade, you name it.
Besides, he smelled a strong, refreshing aroma of pills that made his heart race.
“Let’s go in and have a look.” After a brief glance, Lu Yun decided to go in.
To his surprise, both Lu Liangpeng and Lu Tianhu stopped at the entrance, touching their skinny pockets but not following him in.
“Can I help you, sir?” As soon as Lu Yun entered Precious Woods Hall, a clerk came up to him and gave a serious introduction, “We have all kinds of pills, including but not limited to Healing Pills, Qi Blood Pills, Power Pills, Meridian Pills, etc. …”
“Hello, I’d like to know the prices. If they are reasonable and satisfy me, you will know!” Lu Yun said, unabashedly.
The clerk glanced at Lu Yun’s attire and smiled, not bothering to expose him, and said, “Hehe, our Precious Woods Hall’s prices are absolutely fair, and our customers can rest assured.”
After that, he took out a booklet and handed it respectfully to Lu Yun, “Since we have many customers and can’t attend to them all, you can check this list. If you need anything, just call.”
“Okay.” Lu Yun took the booklet and started to browse.
Qi Blood Pill, with the main effect of enhancing Qi and blood, sold for one thousand taels of silver per bottle, with twelve pills per bottle.
Power Pill, with the main effect of tempering the body and enhancing strength, sold for one thousand five hundred taels of silver per bottle, with ten pills per bottle.
Reviving Pill, with the main effect of recovering from internal and external injuries, sold for two thousand taels of silver per bottle, with nine pills per bottle.
When he saw the price of the Meridian Pill, Lu Yun couldn’t look any further and immediately closed the booklet, silently leaving the Precious Woods Hall.
Seeing the gloomy-faced Lu Yun coming out, Lu Liangpeng and Lu Tianhu exchanged glances, both showing expressions that said they knew it would be so.
“I’ll be back later.” Lu Yun muttered before continuing down the street.
Half a quarter of an hour later, the three of them arrived in front of a pharmacy.
The pharmacy wasn’t large, but it wasn’t small either. A black plaque hung on its gray wooden door, with the words ‘Lin Fei’s Pharmacy’ written on it.
There were a few ordinary-looking customers inside the pharmacy, and Lu Yun entered like a regular customer.
After a quick glance around, he saw many familiar medicinal herbs.
Perilla, Bupleurum, Cyperus, Angelica, Astragalus, Inula, Brightpot, and more.
Without a doubt, this was an ordinary pharmacy that made Lu Yun feel more confident about his own wallet.
When the other customers left, the owner of the pharmacy came over.
He stood with his hands behind his back, wearing a gray robe. He had a tuft of gray-white goatee, and though he was past sixty, he was still strong and robust, with rosy cheeks and light steps.
After approaching Lu Yun, the shopkeeper chuckled and said, “Young friend, you seem to have a strong body and vigor, you don’t look like you need any of the ordinary medicinal herbs.”
“Shopkeeper, we’re here to do business; there’s no need for so many questions.” Lu Liangpeng, who had caught up, said irritably.
“Haha, you’re right, I was being nosy,” the shopkeeper said with a light laugh and then asked Lu Yun, “So, what kind of medicinal herbs are you looking for? Let’s see if my humble pharmacy has what you need.”
Lu Yun cradled his right arm with his left hand and stroked his smooth chin, pondering, “I don’t really need any ordinary herbs, but I could use some Blood Ginseng or Ganoderma.”
“Hehe, Blood Ginseng and Ganoderma are some of the main herbs in my pharmacy, of course, we have them. Just wait a moment, young friend, and I’ll go fetch them.” The shopkeeper said before heading into the back room.
When he reappeared, he was holding two boxes.
He placed them on the table and opened one to reveal a Blood Ginseng inside.
“This Blood Ginseng is over fifty years old. It has an excellent effect of nourishing yang and enriching the blood. If you want it, I’m willing to part with it for a hundred taels,” he said.
Then, he opened the other box and introduced, “This Ganoderma nourishes the qi and calms the mind, serving as a supplement for the lungs and kidneys. It’s also aged over fifty years. As for the price…”
“I’ll take them both, but I’m only paying a hundred and fifty taels.” Lu Yun closed the box quickly to avoid the escaping medicinal properties.
“Young friend, your price… you’re cutting it a bit too deep, aren’t you!” the shopkeeper hesitated, his eyes lit up as he stroked his goatee.
“One hundred and forty taels!”
“Young friend…”
“One hundred and thirty taels!”
“Young…”
“One hundred and twenty taels!”
“Fine, one hundred and twenty taels!” The shopkeeper blew his beard, glaring at Lu Yun and said coldly, “I’ve never seen anyone haggle like you before.”
“Thank you for your generosity, shopkeeper.” Lu Yun hurriedly took out the silver, then collected the two boxes on the table, fearing the shopkeeper might change his mind.
Initially, Lu Yun had prepared to borrow money from Lu Tianhu and Lu Liangpeng, but he had unexpectedly bargained the price down to an amount that he could afford on his own.
“Take the right turn to leave!” After receiving the silver, the shopkeeper said indifferently.
“Haha, no need to see me out.”
Lu Yun turned and left nonchalantly.
After leaving the pharmacy, Lu Liangpeng whispered in amazement, “Is this the Lu Yun I know?”
The youngster who had just come from the mountains was truly astonished by Lu Yun’s performance.
Lu Tianhu shook his head, smiling helplessly, “Maybe we never really understood him.”
Upon returning to the inn, Lu Cangsheng said, “Cloud Water County has been a bit unstable lately, so don’t wander around outside. Use the remaining time to train well.”
“The city guards patrol the county town; nobody would dare cause trouble!” Lu Tianhu said with a frown.
“Things are getting chaotic nowadays, it’s not as simple as you think. Just stay in your own rooms and practice diligently.”
Lu Cangsheng did not seem eager to reveal more, and Lu Tianhu, intimidated by his authority, did not dare to ask further.
As for Lu Yun, who had been planning to seclude himself for rigorous training, he nodded in agreement.
After Lu Cangsheng finished talking, Lu Yun rushed back to his room, closed the door, and couldn’t wait to take his newly purchased Blood Ginseng and Ganoderma.


CHAPTER-16
16 Chapter 16: Assessment Begins (Seeking to Follow, Save, and Recommend)

Soon, Lu Yun finished taking the Blood Ginseng and Ganoderma, and summoned the attribute panel.
Name: Lu Yun
Power: Spirit Creek Village
Martial Arts: Breaking Wind Saber Technique Perfection (Third-rate martial arts, cannot be upgraded), Mix Origin Technique Small Achievement (4%)
Innate Talent: Level 5
Martial Arts: Enter Martial Realm Mid Stage
Energy Points: 3.3
“A full increase of 3.2 energy points, not a bad harvest.”
Spending only one hundred and twenty taels of silver to get 3.2 energy points was a great deal for Lu Yun.
“It seems that I need to collect more silver in the future.” Lu Yun, who had tasted the sweetness for the first time, thought to himself.
For other martial artists, ordinary medicinal materials like Blood Ginseng don’t have much effect, so they won’t spend money to buy them.
But Lu Yun is different. With his panel hack, he can spend less silver to buy these medicinal materials to get energy points and improve his martial arts.
“I wonder what level my Mix Origin Technique can be upgraded to with these accumulated energy points?”
Lu Yun focused his attention and started to move his thoughts gently behind the Mix Origin Technique.
“Upgrade!”
An hour later, when he looked at the panel again, it had already changed from before.
Name: Lu Yun
Power: Spirit Creek Village
Martial Arts: Breaking Wind Saber Technique Perfection (Third-rate martial arts, cannot be upgraded), Mix Origin Technique Small Achievement (31%)
Innate Talent: Level 5
Martial Arts: Enter Martial Realm Mid Stage
Energy Points: 0.3
As expected, 3 energy points could only increase Mix Origin Technique’s cultivation progress by 27%, averaging at about 9% per energy point.
But with such progress, Lu Yun was quite satisfied.
If he had to rely on his own hard work, it would take at least a month’s time.
And this was with him having a Level 5 Innate Talent.
Innate Talent’s level constantly determined a martial artist’s upper limit and also restricted their cultivation speed.
As for people like Lu Tianhu, whose innate talent isn’t very good, it might take even longer.
Now that his Mix Origin Technique has reached a small accomplishment, Lu Yun estimated that he should be slightly more powerful than an average martial artist at the mid-stage of the Enter Martial Realm.
Of course.
Without actual combat, he couldn’t be 100% sure.
After all, since he started cultivating, he had only fought against one martial artist, and that person was only at the initial stage of the Enter Martial Realm.
“There are still more than ten days before the assessment. Although I can’t cultivate my Mix Origin Technique to a great accomplishment, I can’t be idle either.”
Lu Yun put away his panel and thought to himself.
Resolved, he began his closed-door cultivation.
Besides having three meals a day, he rarely went out.
Lu Cangsheng became more and more satisfied with Lu Yun, who possessed innate talent and was diligent in cultivation, and provided him with beast meat every day for nutritional supplements.
Lu Tianhu and Langping were not idle either. After their medicinal bath, their bodies still retained a significant amount of power that needed to be absorbed.
During the time when Lu Yun and others were diligently cultivating, the atmosphere in Cloud Water County became increasingly lively, with youngsters and martial artists coming from all directions every day.
Ten days later.
The residence of Cloud Water County Magistrate, Jiang Hongji, welcomed two distinguished guests.
“Thank you both for your hard work. Our county has prepared a rich banquet to host the two of you.” Jiang Hongji was over forty years old, but he looked very young, like a vigorous young man, exuding a faint aura of prestige.
As the lord of a county, he had a strong martial arts cultivation, but facing the two distinguished guests from the Martial Academy, he did not dare to be complacent about his status.
Next to Jiang Hongji, there was also a scholarly middle-aged man, who revealed a heroic air between his brows and seemed to have a status not much lower than that of Jiang Hongji.
“This is our Cloud Water County Warden, Han Zhuang, who is responsible for countywide security, public order, and leading the yamen officials.”
“Lord Jiang is too polite. My senior brother and I have been entrusted by the Martial Academy to host the Cloud Water County examination, so we will need the help of both Lord Jiang and Warden Han.” Lin Fei, a silver-robed disciple of the Martial Academy, lazily greeted with a smile.
Another disciple from the Martial Academy who came with him seemed very young, about sixteen years old, looking extraordinarily handsome and cool. He did not say a word during the courtesies exchanged between Lin Chen, Jiang Hongji, and the others.
“I presume this is the talented young man, Meng Hongfei, who become a member of the Star Palace after just three years of entry!” At the banquet, Jiang Hongji flattered.
Meng Hongfei nodded faintly but did not respond, making Jiang Hongji somewhat embarrassed.
Seeing the situation, Lin Chen shook his head and smiled bitterly, “Lord Jiang guessed right, my junior brother Meng had just entered the Star Palace, and just in time, he was assigned to assist me in overseeing the examination of Cloud Water County.”
Jiang Hongji was a man of tact and would not dwell on any issue.
After all, the Martial Academy disciples who could enter the Star Palace were all experts of the True Qi Realm, one-in-ten-thousand talents. Even if they could not befriend them, they could not be offended.
“Both of you are the heavenly prides of our Spirit Martial Prefecture and have extraordinary elegance. I’m afraid it won’t be long before you reach the Transforming Origin realm.” Warden Han Zhuang subtly changed the topic.
“Warden Han, you joke. To step into the Transforming Origin realm, one must transform True Qi into True Origin. Who knows how many people are trapped in this step and cannot breakthrough?” Lin Fei shook his head and smiled bitterly.
County Magistrate Jiang Hongji nonchalantly said, “That’s true for others, but the two of you are both talented members of the Martial Academy’s Star Palace; surely, you won’t be trapped at this step.”
After the banquet, Lin Chen and Meng Hongfei, as distinguished guests, were arranged in the guest rooms.
At night, the starlight was scattered, and the bright moonlight sprinkled all over the earth.
“Junior Brother, what do you think of this County Magistrate Jiang?” At this moment, Lin Chen’s entire demeanor had changed a great deal, becoming incredibly sharp.
“From the looks of it, he should have no connection with the Evil Cult, but we need to investigate further. If confirmed, this mission will be a bit troublesome.” Meng Hongfei gently pushed open the window, looking at the silvery moon hanging in the sky.
Their arrival in Cloud Water County was not solely about overseeing the recruitment examinations.
If it were just an ordinary examination, sending an old-generation disciple of the Martial Academy would suffice. There would be no need for the genius Star Palace disciples to come in person.
“In my opinion, there must be a problem with either Jiang Hongji or Han Zhuang. We will find out who it is tomorrow.” A cold light flashed in Lin Chen’s eyes, and he began to sneer.
Time flew by. As the sky just showed a bit of fish-belly white, the entire Cloud Water County boiled up. Many young talents gathered together, like a torrent, rushing towards the same direction.
“Today, I, Zhang Fada, will make a name for myself in Cloud Water County!”
“After so many years of bitter cultivation, my Sorrowful Palm has finally reached perfection, all for this day.”
One after another, young heroes and ambitious geniuses emerged from different inns and restaurants.
“All trash, you guys want to make a name for yourselves!”
At this moment, from the Soaring Dragon Hotel, several strong figures emerged, each with the appearance of a young prodigy.
“It’s them, the prodigies that the Soaring Dragon Restaurant welcomed with swept floors.” As they looked at the dozen or so figures walking out together, the entire street fell into deathly silence, and the people’s eyes were filled with enthusiasm.
Because these people would definitely pass the examination, become disciples of the Martial Academy, and make their names in Cloud Water County.
“You will all be my stepping stones!” Among the youthful figures, the imposing Mu Qingyun held his head high, full of arrogance, and the powerful aura deterred everyone.
“Ignorance is not terrible; it’s blind arrogance that’s pathetic!” Another young figure walked out of the Soaring Dragon Restaurant.
He had sword-like brows and a refined appearance, an air of coldness and an unstoppable aura enveloped him.
Among the many youngsters, he was like a round of blazing sun, with all the other geniuses becoming mere foils.
“It’s Xiao Chen, it’s rumored that he has already reached the Meridian Passage Realm, and his talent for swordsmanship is extremely terrifying. Even when he was at the Enter Martial Realm, he could kill Meridian Passage Realm martial artists by fighting across realms.” Voices of discussion emerged from the crowd.


CHAPTER-17
17 Chapter 17: Three Tests (Request for Recommendation Votes, Request for Monthly Votes)

Martial Arts: Breaking Wind Saber Technique Perfection, (Third-rate martial art, cannot be improved), Mix Origin Technique Small Achievement (54%)
In the inn room, Lu Yun, who was sitting cross-legged on the bed, suddenly opened his eyes. His pupils shone with a deep and incomparable light, completely unlike a young boy who was not even eleven years old.
“Today is the day of the examination.” Lu Yun was slightly excited in his heart.
He had been in this world for almost half a year, always staying in the mountain village and mostly coming into contact with ordinary people and low-level martial artists.
Now, as long as he passes the examination, he will be able to fully enter the world of martial artists and have the opportunity to advance to higher martial arts realms.
In order to achieve this goal, he will give it his all, and no one will be able to stop him.
“With the help of half a month of hard training and accumulated energy points, I’ve improved my Mix Origin Technique training progress to small achievement (54%), which is one step closer to great accomplishment.” Lu Yun’s mind slightly moved, and his powerful blood and Qi surged, giving him incredible strength in every move he made.
If he were to encounter the horse bandits from last time again, Lu Yun was confident that he could defeat them with just two strikes.
His confidence mainly came from the Mix Origin Technique, a top-notch second-rate cultivation technique.
With just a small achievement, Lu Yun felt that he was in the middle stages of the Enter Martial Realm and feared no one.
After washing up and putting on the new clothes prepared for him by his sister, Lu Yun pushed the door and went out.
A fine saddle matched with a fine horse, and black clothes matched with a young man. Dressed in black, Lu Yun had just stepped out of the door when Lu Liangpeng, who had been waiting outside for a long time, greeted him.
“Lu Yun, you finally came out. The village head and the others have been waiting impatiently. We must hurry up and set off.”
Lu Yun apologized with a smile, “Sorry for making you wait so long!”
Upon arriving at the first floor of the inn, Lu Yun saw Lu Cangsheng, Lu Cang and Lu Tianhu. They didn’t seem as impatient as Lu Liangpeng had described.
“We still have some time, let’s eat something to fill our stomachs first.” Lu Cang beckoned Lu Yun to sit down, and on the table were three bowls of Sturdy Body Soup.
There were five people, but only three bowls of Sturdy Body Soup, which were obviously prepared exclusively for Lu Yun, Lu Liangpeng, and Lu Tianhu.
The three young men didn’t hesitate or act politely, and under Lu Cangsheng’s gaze, they quickly finished the soup.
“Today, I wish you all victories and have your wishes fulfilled!” After Lu Cangsheng’s inspiring words, the group left the inn together.
On the street, there were many young people and martial artists, making it very lively. They all went towards the central square of the county town, where the Martial Academy examination would take place.
During their journey, Lu Yun learned some news from Lu Cangsheng.
First, during their secluded hard training, Cloud Water County had been disturbed by the activities of an evil cult. The arresting officers of the county were repeatedly dispatched, and even the city guards were involved, but they had not achieved any results.
Lu Yun was slightly surprised, as he had heard some information about the evil cults, but he knew little about them.
From what he knew, there were many evil cults in the Morign Empire, with the most powerful one being the Red Moon Demon Sect. However, its influence had not reached the Spirit Martial Prefecture.
After getting more information from Lu Cangsheng, Lu Yun found out that the rampant evil cult in Ling Province was the White Lotus Sect, one of the powerful evil cults in the Morign Empire.
Spirit Martial Prefecture was one of the subordinate prefectures of Ling Province, and for years, the White Lotus Sect had been quite active, infiltrating various factions, and causing a lot of trouble for the provincial and county officials.
Secondly, there were many talented individuals participating in the Martial Academy examination, including a large number of official martial artists and even Heavenly Prides in the Meridian Passage Realm, making the competition unprecedentedly fierce.
“Meridian Passage Realm?” Lu Yun’s eyes flickered.
There were restrictions to participate in the Martial Academy examination. The first restriction was that the age should not exceed fifteen years old.
In other words, the martial artist in the Meridian Passage Realm couldn’t be much older than Lu Yun and wouldn’t be more than fifteen years old.
Even if they were exactly fifteen years old, the thought of a fifteen-year-old Meridian Passage Realm martial artist was terrifying.
In Spirit Creek Village, besides Lu Cangsheng, there was no other Meridian Passage Realm martial artist.
From this, one could see that the Meridian Passage Realm was a threshold. In some small places, it represented the most powerful existence.
“I’ve also heard about that Heavenly Pride in the Meridian Passage Realm. His name seems to be Xiao Chen, a swordsmanship genius with a terrifying talent for defeating higher-level opponents. When he was in the Enter Martial Realm, he had killed more than a handful of Meridian Passage Realm experts.” Lu Cang said in a deep voice.
“Defeating higher-level Meridian Passage Realm experts?” Lu Liangpeng gasped, “It’s unbelievable that such a Heavenly Pride has appeared in our Cloud Water County.”
Lu Tianhu remained silent, but Lu Cang noticed and comforted him, “Don’t be discouraged. You are now very close to becoming an official martial artist, and there is a great chance of passing the examination.”
“Thank you for your kind words, elder brother Lu Cang!” Lu Tianhu managed to squeeze out an ugly smile.
“Do I really have a chance?” Lu Tianhu sighed secretly in his heart, glancing at the black-clothed youth walking in front of him.
“He’s so much younger than I am, yet he’s already a martial artist. Is this the difference in talent?”
He shook his head slightly, carrying a belly full of thoughts as he continued to move forward.
Lu Yun didn’t know what Lu Tianhu was thinking, nor did he want to know. All he wanted now was to see what kind of incredible person the only Meridian Passage Realm martial artist with the extraordinary genius of fighting against higher-level swordsmanship was.
“Although I am only in the middle stage of Enter Martial Realm now, as long as I have time, reaching the Meridian Passage Realm is definitely not a problem.
But can I, at the time of entering the Martial Realm, challenge and defeat a Meridian Passage Realm martial artist by fighting above my level?”
Lu Yun thought to himself, but soon shook his head.
He still had enough self-awareness about his own strength; the possibility of challenging and killing a Meridian Passage Realm martial artist as soon as he entered the Martial Realm was slim.
Unless after entering the Martial Academy, he gains other opportunities, such as cultivating more powerful martial arts.
Today, in the county town, the streets were deserted as large numbers of people were heading to the central square to watch the Martial Academy’s recruitment test, making the streets quickly become quiet.
Soon, Lu Yun and his group arrived at the central square.
Lu Yun cast his gaze across the square, noticing the grand and spacious atmosphere, covering an area almost the size of ten football fields, enough to accommodate tens of thousands of people.
The young men and women on the square stood tall and proud, full of youthful vigor.
Outside the square, there were numerous black-armored city guards and arresting officers, armed with weapons and heavy crossbows, keeping the other martial artists and spectators outside.
In order to maintain order, the city guards and arresting officers were also arranged around the central square to maintain the order of the assessment.
“Those participating in the assessment, line up in order and enter the square. Others unrelated to the assessment, wait outside.” As Lu Yun and his group approached, a city guard shouted.
Lu Cangsheng stopped in his tracks, speaking earnestly, “Xiao Cang and I will see you off here, the rest is up to you.”
At parting, Lu Cang also clenched his fist and encouraged, “Fight hard, and bring glory to our Spirit Creek Village!”
“We will definitely try our best to perform, and not disappoint Village Chief and Eldest Brother Lu Cang!” Lu Liangpeng laughed, also encouraging himself.
With thousands of people participating in the assessment, it was impossible for him to say there was no pressure.
Among the three of them, Lu Yun was the only one with absolute confidence.
“Those who are participating in the assessment, come over and stand properly. No waiting for latecomers!” A loud voice rang out, drowning out all the surrounding noise and clearly entering everyone’s ears.
The young men and women hurriedly gathered together, and Lu Yun, Lu Tianhu, and Lu Liangpeng joined them, standing in the back of the line.
As time passed, the line grew larger and larger, quickly surpassing a thousand people.
“The several people at the front should be the geniuses who are staying at the Soaring Dragon Restaurant. Even the gathering is led by them. It seems that these people are well-known and highly regarded by the county.” Lu Yun narrowed his eyes.
In the entire line, sixteen figures stood proudly, maintaining a certain distance from the others, including Mu Qingyun, who had fought with Lu Yun and the others before.
At this moment, the gazes of a large number of martial artists and spectators outside the field were focused on these sixteen young people with extraordinary features.
Lu Yun was not surprised, looking at these sixteen Heavenly Prides, trying to find the extraordinary genius in swordsmanship who could fight above his level.
After watching for a while, he found nothing and helplessly withdrew his gaze.
This was normal, as any of the sixteen young people had higher cultivation than Lu Yun and outstanding temperament. Without deliberately releasing their aura, it was impossible to tell who was the strongest among them.
At that moment, the square suddenly became noisy, and Lu Yun followed the crowd’s gaze to see four figures walking in together from the entrance.
“These people must be far superior to the Meridian Passage Realm!” Lu Yun thought to himself.
He had experienced the explosion of Lu Cangsheng’s Meridian Passage Realm at close range, but from these four people, he felt an overwhelming aura that far surpassed the one he had experienced with Lu Cangsheng.
And this was only a hint of the aura they casually released without making a move.
“It’s the County Magistrate, the County Warden, and the two genius disciples of the Martial Academy!” the onlooking martial artists exclaimed.
The County Magistrate and the County Warden were the most powerful and influential figures in Cloud Water County, and their strength was also at the peak of the True Qi Realm.
And the two geniuses from the Martial Academy would certainly not be weaker than the True Qi Realm.
With four True Qi Realm powerhouses gathered, such a scene was rare in a place like Cloud Water County.
Under the excited gazes of the crowd, the four True Qi Realm powerhouses came to the stage in the square and sat down, looking down at the people in the square.
At the head of the group was Lin Chen, a genius disciple of the Martial Academy. With one sweep of his gaze, the lively atmosphere at the scene instantly froze.
“This assessment is divided into three items. The first item is bone age and identity verification.” Lin Chen’s voice, mixed with genuine Qi, spread out and resounded through the entire square.


CHAPTER-18
18 Chapter 18: Reach Profound Crystal (Seeking votes and monthly tickets)

As Lin Chen finished speaking, Meng Hongfei, who was by his side, walked down from the stage and stepped in front of the candidates.
“My name is Meng Hongfei, a disciple of the Martial Academy. I am in charge of the Cloud Water County exam together with Senior Brother Lin.”
“The first part of the exam is very simple. As long as you don’t encounter any issues, you should be able to pass.” Meng Hongfei’s gaze swept over everyone, and a cold and sharp smile appeared on his face.
“However, if you don’t pass the test, the consequences might be a bit serious.”
Sensing Meng Hongfei’s cold smile, a chilling feeling rose deep within the hearts of the young boys and girls.
“Why do I have a bad feeling?”
“Senior Brother is just joking with us.
“Exactly, if we don’t pass the test, at most we won’t be able to join the Martial Academy.”
The young boys and girls started to discuss, dissipating their fear unknowingly.
“Alright, let’s begin the test.” Meng Hongfei stopped the chatter among the people and with a slight wave of his hands, two black-armored soldiers brought up a table. He then took out a black crystal ball that emitted a mysterious, profound light, giving it an indescribable charm.
“This is the Reach Profound Crystal, developed by the Court Observatory using a significant amount of resources. This is the first time it’s being used. As for its specific effects, I won’t tell you about them. Just line up accordingly, register in order, and walk past the Reach Profound Crystal.”
“The crystal’s appearance will change depending on the person, eventually showing three different colors. When that happens, you will need to stand in three separate lines based on the respective colors.”
“Additionally, inaccuracies in the registration of your identity will result in consequences that you will have to bear.”
Meng Hongfei stood with his hands clasped behind his back, speaking sternly.
“Yes!”
The young boys and girls nodded in agreement.
Since there was only one Reach Profound Crystal, more than a thousand candidates had to undergo the test one by one.
The information required for registration included name, age, and affiliation – a simple process that wouldn’t take up much time.
The first candidate to come forward for registration was a young man with sword-like eyebrows and shining eyes. Seeing him, Lu Yun’s brows furrowed slightly. “This person is Xiao Chen, that swordsman of Heavenly Pride who fought against higher-ranked opponents?”
Lu Yun had learned about the young man’s identity when he heard the whispers around him and saw many people casting glances at Xiao Chen.
Upon closer inspection, this person indeed seemed extraordinary. He appeared young but had a refined aura and an aura like an unsheathed, peerless sword.
He stepped forward, quickly finished the registration, and walked past the Reach Profound Crystal, which enveloped him in its profound light.
Then, thirteen star-shaped patterns emerged on the crystal, and the entire sphere emitted dazzling yellow light.
During the process, the black-armored soldiers and the four True Qi Realm masters remained silent. Xiao Chen walked over leisurely, found an empty spot, and stood there with his hands behind his back.
Next were the equally talented young martial artists who had also stayed at the Soaring Dragon Restaurant. They registered one after another.
When they walked past the crystal, the number of star-shaped patterns that appeared did not exceed fifteen. The smallest number was twelve.
The entire sphere also emitted dazzling yellow light. As instructed earlier by Meng Hongfei, the powerful True Qi Realm individual, they all took their places behind Xiao Chen in the yellow light team.
Seeing how easily these people passed the test, the others lowered their guard and proceeded to register for the test confidently and boldly.
Most of the people had no more than fifteen yellow stars emerging on the crystal when they passed it, with the lowest being ten.
As for the remaining few, two different situations arose when they passed the Reach Profound Crystal.
First, the Reach Profound Crystal emitted dazzling red light, with ten to fifteen star-shaped patterns of varying numbers.
Second, the Reach Profound Crystal suddenly emitted intense white light but no star-shaped patterns emerged in the end.
Candidates that caused the crystal to exhibit these two different responses were separated into two queues.
Both queues had very few people.
An hour later, it was Lu Yun’s turn.
“Lu Yun, ten years old, Spirit Creek Village.”
After swiftly registering his information, Lu Yun walked past the crystal ball.
Enveloped by the mysterious light emitted from the Reach Profound Crystal, Lu Yun felt a warm sensation, as if he was being gently caressed by a warm, large hand.
Before Lu Yun could react, ten star patterns appeared on the Reach Profound Crystal, immediately followed by a dazzling yellow light.
Upon seeing this, Lu Yun inexplicably breathed a sigh of relief for some reason.
Walking slowly toward the queue with the most people, Lu Yun suddenly recalled the words of the young Martial Academy disciple from the beginning, about how failing the test may have severe consequences.
“The number of star patterns must represent age, but what do the red, yellow, and white colors flashed by the crystal ball represent?”
Filled with doubt, Lu Yun cast a glance toward the directions of the other two queues.
“Hehe, I passed the first test too.”
Suddenly, Lu Liangpeng patted Lu Yun on the shoulder, snapping him back to reality.
“We both passed the first test, so we should be happy. Why do you look so preoccupied?” Lu Liangpeng, noticing the oddness in Lu Yun, asked.
Lu Yun, of course, would not reveal his inner guesswork and simply replied indifferently, “Most people can pass the first test, which means that the competition for the second or third tests will be incredibly intense. There’s not much to be happy about.”
“Oh, is that so?” Lu Liangpeng found it difficult to comprehend and responded sheepishly, “Anyway, we’ve passed the first test, and even if we’re eventually eliminated, at least we wouldn’t have lost face.”
Before long, the first test was completed.
Three queues formed on the entire square, the one Lu Yun was in being the largest with over a thousand people.
The other two queues consisted of test takers whose Reach Profound Crystal balls had emitted either red or white lights.
There were a total of ten in the former queue and twenty-three in the latter.
Lu Yun perceived something off about the faces of the youths in these two queues.
Anxiety, nervousness, and fear were all present as they couldn’t put their finger on it. However, it was certain that under the watchful eyes of the black-armored city guards, they dared not make any sudden moves.
“Lord Jiang and Commander Han, tell me, how should we deal with those who ignore warnings and falsify their ages to attend the test, wasting our time?”
At this moment, Lin Chen on the platform spoke aloud.
“Very simple, just kill them!” County Magistrate Jiang Hongji said coldly.
Commander Han Zhuang, dressed in a green robe exuding scholarly elegance, smiled and said, “That’s not right. These youths merely long for the Martial Academy and, thus, dare to risk everything. However, they cannot be allowed to waste our time by refusing to heed advice. Let’s administer twenty military baton strikes each as a punishment!”
“Since Commander Han shows compassion, I cannot go against your wishes. It will be done as you say!”
Jiang Hongji then turned to Lin Chen and asked, “What do you think, my friend?”
“Haha, perfectly acceptable.” Lin Chen responded with an amused smile, “But guess which queued examinees are the ones who lied about their age?”
“That?” Jiang Hongji’s brow furrowed slightly, “This is my first encounter with the Reach Profound Crystal, so I don’t understand its specific use.”
Han Zhuang remained silent, a subtle glint flickering in his eyes.
Many of the young people waiting for the test results on the square were unaware that, in a short span of time, the fate of some of them had been decided by several True Qi Realm martial artists during their casual conversation.
Glancing at the True Qi Realm martial artists on the platform and then at Meng Hongfei, who appeared cold and aloof at the front, Lu Yun felt that his premonition was growing stronger.
“Bring forward those twenty-three, administer twenty military baton strikes each, and expel them from the test site!” At that moment, Lin Chen’s voice, mixed with True Qi, echoed throughout the central square, clearly reaching everyone’s ears and stirring unrest.
Lu Yun looked up to see a group of black-armored soldiers walking in, taking the twenty-three youths into custody and leading them away.
Immediately after, the sound of baton strikes and miserable cries filled the air.
Everything happened in the blink of an eye, but most of those present were smart enough to have a vague idea of what was going on.
“Wow, that’s so cruel!” Lu Liangpeng couldn’t help touching his buttocks, imagining them being beaten and bruised, and shaking his head.
“I’m afraid this is just the beginning!” Lu Yun’s gaze shifted to the other queue.
That queue only had ten people, and during the test, the Reach Profound Crystal had emitted a dazzling red light.


CHAPTER-19
19 Chapter 19: Sky Patrol Guard

After being beaten with twenty army rods, the twenty-three young men all looked half-dead, and were dragged out of the square by the black-armored soldiers. It was truly tragic.
Their families and elders were heartbroken, but they did not dare to say more. After all, it was wrong to lie about their age to participate in the Martial Academy’s assessment.
“Alright, let’s move on to the second assessment!” Han Zhuang said.
Jiang Hongji looked at the high sun and agreed: “Yes, time is running short, we must hurry up!”
“No need to rush, it’s not over yet.” Lin Chen shook his head.
“What does friend Lin mean by that?” Jiang Hongji frowned.
Lin Chen smiled and said, “Isn’t there still one team left unprocessed?”
“Hmm?” Jiang Hongji asked doubtfully, “Did they also lie about their ages?”
“No, their offense is ten to a hundred times more serious than lying about their ages!” Lin Chen’s smile gradually faded, his voice becoming cold and icy, filled with murderous intent.
“I forgot to tell you both, the Reach Profound Crystal is a product of the Sky Patrol Office’s extensive research and investment, and its abilities go far beyond simply testing bone age.
Its main purpose is to detect the aura of an Evil Cult. As long as one has been tainted by the Evil Cult’s influence, the Reach Profound Crystal will emit dazzling red light.
When these ten people were tested, the Reach Profound Crystal emitted a dazzling red light, proving beyond a doubt that they are spies arranged by the Evil Cult!”
“What, these people are all Evil Cult spies – could it be a mistake?!” Jiang Hongji exclaimed incredulously.
Eight hundred years ago, the founding emperor of Morigin unified the world and established the Morigin Dynasty. The army swept across the land, wiped out all sects, and established Martial Academies in each province to cultivate talent.
From then on, the world was unified, and talent was gathered in the court. Within the territory of Morigin, the remnants of religious sects were regarded as Evil Cults, and the Sky Patrol Office was established to patrol the world and eliminate the Evil Cults’ influence.
However, as time passed, internal conflicts within the Morigin Dynasty grew more severe, and the power of the Evil Cult gradually revived, with their spies infiltrating the court.
The Martial Academy, as a base for cultivating talent, naturally attracted the attention of both the court and the Sky Patrol Office.
But could a single crystal really detect that someone was a spy of the Evil Cult?
“Haha, let me tell you, not too long ago, a major investigation of the Martial Academy found that there were hundreds of Evil Cult spies. However, the news was temporarily kept secret, so you were simply unaware of it.
From now on, the Reach Profound Crystal will not only be officially included in the assessment for recruiting Martial Academy disciples, but it will also be widely used among the Sky Patrol Guards.”
Lin Chen’s tone was gloomy and his gaze uncannily swept over Han Zhuang and Jiang Hongji, giving people the feeling that he was selecting his next prey.
Lu Yun’s eyes narrowed in the square, sensing that Meng Hongfei’s aura seemed to have undergone a subtle change.
Whoosh!
Sure enough, a fleeting saber shadow appeared and vanished in an instant in Lu Yun’s vision, without a clear glimpse.
He only vaguely saw that with a single stroke, the saber was like a startled swan piercing the sun!
The whip-like saber wind left a long trail on the ground in the square.
Bright red blood splattered everywhere.
Soon after, the ten young men fell to the ground, devoid of any life.
“What a terrifying Saber Technique!”
Lu Yun murmured to himself.
Meng Hongfei’s speed and saber technique were so powerful that they exceeded Lu Yun’s imagination, making him feel almost suffocated.
As still as a virgin, yet as ferocious as a flood dragon!
The seemingly simple stroke was incredibly powerful, like a flood dragon emerging from the sea, swift and unpredictable.
Standing at the head of the line, Xiao Chen could not help but clench his fists, subconsciously reaching for the three-foot-long Green Peak at his waist.
However, he quickly ceased such a pointless action.
Although he was confident, it did not mean he was arrogant.
“These people are all Evil Cult spies. I have executed them on the spot. Based on the information you have just registered, trace their connections and capture the Evil Cult forces in one fell swoop.” Meng Hongfei ordered the arrest officer beside him.
“Yes.” Cloud Water County arresting officer Wang Qi did not resist Meng Hongfei’s order, appearing to accept it as a matter of course.
“Brothers, it’s time for us to make our mark. Follow me and set off immediately.” Wang Qi copied a list of the names and led a group of arresting officers to depart swiftly.
Watching this series of events unfold, the many young people in the square looked at each other, feeling that everything had happened too suddenly and they were completely in the dark.
Just as they thought everything was about to end, a familiar voice echoed once again in the square.
“In addition to overseeing the Martial Academy’s student assessments during our visit to Cloud Water County, we have another task: to investigate the infiltration of the county government by evil cult forces.”
Lin Chen leaped down from the high platform, and as he landed, the immense impact caused the bluestone on the ground to crack.
He walked slowly to the Reach Profound Crystal, holding it in his hand. Meng Hongfei stepped forward, standing shoulder to shoulder with him, coldly.
“What do you mean by this?” Jiang Hongji’s tone was somewhat unpleasant, as he vaguely sensed that Lin Chen and Meng Hongfei seemed to be targeting him.
“Of course, it means asking the both of you to prove your innocence and refute any connections with the evil cult.” Meng Hongfei held his saber horizontally, its cold edge shimmering. Under the reflection of sunlight, it was quite dazzling.
“You think I and Commander Han are spies from the evil cult?” Jiang Hongji’s tone grew colder as he slowly stood up, eyes fixed on the pair.
Lin Chen was not afraid and spoke calmly, “This is only a suspicion, so we hope the two of you can prove your innocence. As for the method, you must know it.”
“Hmph, how ridiculous. What kind of status do County Magistrate Jiang and I have? We are not to be slandered and defamed by immature youngsters like you.” Han Zhuang slammed the table, abruptly standing up from his seat. His whole demeanor changed suddenly, his sharp edge emerging, no longer showing any trace of the previous gentleness.
Jiang Hongji’s expression slightly eased, but he still didn’t look too good and coldly snorted, “Our county respects the Martial Academy students and regards them as the talents of Spirit Martial Prefecture, so we cooperate and treat them as esteemed guests. However, this does not mean you can act wilfully in front of us.”
“Hehe, so County Magistrate Jiang thinks being a Martial Academy student is not enough?” Lin Chen smiled faintly, then took out a token from his waist.
The token was golden in color, only palm-sized, with a fierce python engraved on the back side and the words ‘Sky Patrol Guard’ engraved in seal script on the front side.
“A first-grade Sky Patrol Guard? You are from the Sky Patrol Office?” Upon seeing the golden token, Jiang Hongji’s expression changed instantly, and Han Zhuang’s body trembled slightly, his gaze accidentally sweeping the surroundings.
The Sky Patrol Office was not only responsible for eliminating evil cult forces but also had the authority to supervise hundreds of officials.
The Sky Patrol Office was divided into three levels from top to bottom: Sky Patrol Guards, Sky Patrol Envoys, and the Chief of the Office.
The lowest-ranked first-level Sky Patrol Guards were equivalent to seventh-grade officials in the court, and when dealing with evil cult forces, they could mobilize all officials of the same rank and below.
Although Jiang Hongji was a County Magistrate and a seventh-grade official, Han Zhuang had an even lower rank, being only just a seventh-grade official.
“The Sky Patrol Office suspects that Cloud Water County government officials have been infiltrated by evil cult forces and has specifically sent the two of us to investigate. Now, we ask the both of you to cooperate.” Lin Chen put away his identification token and spoke in a stern tone, in a business-like manner.
Meng Hongfei stared intensely at Jiang Hongji and Han Zhuang, ready to strike at the first sign of any irregularities.
“As a subordinate, I shall cooperate with the Sky Patrol Office!”
Not to mention that a first-grade Sky Patrol Guard’s rank was not lower than his own, but the fact that the Sky Patrol Office had the authority over life and death for officials below the third grade was enough to make him cooperate obediently.
If he didn’t cooperate, the consequences would be serious.
At best, he would lose his job; at worst, his entire family would be executed!
There had been cases like this in the past, and in the most severe instances, even nine generations of a family were affected.
That was why the reputation of the Sky Patrol Office was deeply rooted in people’s hearts, and even those with great power didn’t want to confront it easily.
Thus, under the supervision and threats of Lin Chen and Meng Hongfei, Jiang Hongji obediently came forward.
Only after close contact with the subject, could the Reach Profound Crystal function to identify whether the person had any connection with evil cult forces.
Jiang Hongji took a deep breath and walked in front of the Reach Profound Crystal.
He hadn’t lied earlier; he genuinely had no knowledge of the Reach Profound Crystal and didn’t know if it was reliable.
If an accident occurred, the consequences would be serious.
After a few breaths, the Reach Profound Crystal finally changed, emitting dazzling white light.
Although he didn’t know the specific principles of how the Reach Profound Crystal worked, after the previous incidents, he knew that if red light appeared, he would be in danger.
Fortunately, it was not the case. Jiang Hongji breathed a sigh of relief and laughed softly, “As a loyal servant of the court, I stand firmly against the evil cult forces, and if the two of you have any instructions, I will cooperate.”
“Hahaha, thank you County Magistrate Jiang.” Lin Chen’s attitude changed upon seeing Jiang Hongji was not a spy from the evil cult.
Before this, he and Meng Hongfei had the deepest suspicion towards Jiang Hongji.
As the highest commanding officer of Cloud Water County, Jiang Hongji’s influences were deeply rooted. If he was a member of an evil cult, the impact that would be caused and the scope involved would be wide, which would be troublesome for them to handle.
Now that Jiang Hongji had cleared his suspicion, the difficulty of their mission had been reduced considerably.
“Commander Han, what are you waiting for? Hurry up and clear your suspicion, then continue with the rest of the assessment.”
Seeing that a lot of time had already passed, and only the first part of the Martial Academy assessment had been conducted, Jiang Hongji couldn’t help but urge him.


CHAPTER-20
20 Chapter 20, Assessment Continues

In the central square.
The sun was shining brightly.
A group of young boys and girls looked at each other, bewildered.
Everything changed too quickly and caught them off guard.
First, those who lied about their age to participate in the test were each beaten with twenty military sticks and driven out of the square.
Then, ten test-takers were accused of being Evil Cult spies and forcefully killed.
Now, the two Martial Academy disciples in charge of the assessment had turned into Sky Patrol Guards, forcing the two highest-ranking officials of Cloud Water County to prove their innocence.
All these events undoubtedly shattered their previous understanding.
“Do we really have to go through with this?”
Han Zhuang sighed softly and remained still.
If the opponents were not Sky Patrol Guards, he could find various reasons to avoid being tested by the Reach Profound Crystal.
However, once the Sky Patrol Token had appeared, his way of retreat was completely blocked.
Until now, Han Zhuang still did not know why the Reach Profound Crystal appeared suddenly, and moreover, how it could detect whether someone was from the Evil Cult.
The unusual atmosphere around Han Zhuang immediately made the whole scene tense.
The heavily-armed guards with heavy crossbows looked serious, but no one dared to move.
They were well aware that although the County Warden was their highest-ranking officer, with the order of the Sky Patrol Guard, they would have no choice but to execute their own supervisor if necessary.
This was the deterrence of the Sky Patrol Office and the power of the Sky Patrol Guard.
Moreover, according to the current situation, their County Warden might indeed be a member of the Evil Cult.
“Commander Han, you?” Jiang Hongji looked at Han Zhuang, seemingly trying to confirm something.
He took a step forward.
Han Zhuang looked at Jiang Hongji, who was full of disbelief, and spoke indifferently, “Someone like you, who feeds on your position without any effort, can always stay above me. This just shows the court’s injustice. Since the court is unfair, how can I not seek another way out?”
With his words, Han Zhuang erupted with an intense aura-straining air, his clothes dancing, his hair fluttering, and the blue stone under his feet trembling and shattering in layers.
Confronted with such a powerful aura, the boys and girls participating in the assessment retreated one after another, making the scene chaotic.
Lu Yun quietly retreated, moving closer to the heavily armored city guards.
In his view, a fierce battle might break out soon, and the closer he was to Lin Chen and the others, the more dangerous it would be.
True Qi Realm martial artists were too unpredictable for him, let alone this Han Zhuang, who seemed to be even more powerful than True Qi Realm ones.
“What? Transforming Origin Realm!” Seeing the red gas surrounding Han Zhuang, Jiang Hongji’s heart sank. That was True Origin, the unique symbol of a Transforming Origin Realm martial artist.
Although shocked, he remained calm on the surface, and bowed to Lin Chen, saying, “Two sirs, Han Zhuang has reached the Transforming Origin Realm. I’m afraid we need to work together to resist him.”
Hearing this,
Lin Chen’s mouth curled into a subtle smile, “There is no need for the three of us to join forces. Lord Jiang and Junior Brother Meng will guard me, preventing any escape or harm to others.”
After saying this,
The smile on his face disappeared, and cold frost covered it. His white True Origin swirled around him as he shouted with a thundering voice, “Han Zhuang, you colluded with the Evil Cult and betrayed the court! Do you plead guilty?!”
The loud voice echoed not only among the youngsters and guards but also reached the ears of martial artists watching from outside the square.
Among them, some martial artists quietly retreated into the crowd, unnoticed by others.
“You are also a Transforming Origin Realm martial artist?!”
Han Zhuang’s face turned ugly. “As expected of the Heavenly Pride from the Star Palace of the Martial Academy! With your strength, you are indeed qualified to be a Second-level Sky Patrol Guard in the Sky Patrol Office!”
“As long as I kill you and eradicate the Evil Cult forces in Cloud Water County, I will be a Second-level Sky Patrol Guard.”
As his words fell, the blade emerged!
The cold aura seemed to form ice flowers in the air, and the square, under the scorching sun, became cold.
Seeing this vicious blade, Han Zhuang was horrified.
After joining the White Lotus Sect, he had received many resources, converted his True Qi into True Origin, and advanced to the Transforming Origin Realm. He was almost invincible in Cloud Water County.
As for the two genius disciples from the Martial Academy’s Star Palace, he had not taken them seriously.
After his identity had been exposed, he had still been at ease.
Only after Lin Chen revealed his Transforming Origin Realm cultivation did he take it seriously.
But unexpectedly, after Lin Chen’s complete eruption, his strength turned out to be so strong, strong enough to make him tremble with fear, so strong that he lost his composure and couldn’t even avoid it in time.
Bang –
A scream, accompanied by splattering blood, a severed arm fell heavily onto the bluestone ground.
Han Zhuang retreated abruptly.
At this moment, Lin Chen’s sudden explosive strike had severed one of his arms, and the remaining cold True Origin was invading the wound, causing him so much pain that his face turned pale.
“Why is your strength so great while we’re both in the Transforming Origin Realm?”
As Han Zhuang spoke, he gritted his teeth.
Both were in the Transforming Origin Realm, but the gap between the two was not ordinary, so large that he could not resist!
Lin Chen shook the Blade gently. Blood clotted on the Blade, turning into clumps and falling to the ground along with the trembling Blade.
“Relying on external force to break through, how can you know how strong the True Origin is transformed after the True Qi is refined to the extreme? However, it doesn’t matter, you can experience its power and horror in detail!”
The moment the words fell, the long Blade slashed out again.
Compared with the previous slash, this one also had a chilling aura, almost freezing the surrounding hot air, the long Blade falling with a brilliant white light and a sound of breaking through the air.
Han Zhuang’s face showed a strange smile.
“Although you’re very strong, if I want to leave, you can’t stop me!”
As soon as he finished speaking, his figure suddenly disappeared from the spot, as the long Blade fell down, slicing through empty space and lifting the bluestone on the ground.
At the same time.
A figure appeared like a rainbow shooting through the sky, like a green dragon emerging from the sea, causing a stormy wind.
Puff!
The sound of the Blade piercing through flesh rang out, followed by a scream, and Han Zhuang’s body crashed to the ground.
“I’ve been waiting for you for a long time!”
As the True Qi swayed, the blood on the Blade spilled on the ground, and Meng Hongfei looked down at the corpse on the ground with a hint of indifference.
At this point, Jiang Hongji’s face was filled with disbelief.
“How is it possible to kill a Transforming Origin Realm opponent by crossing realms with True Qi Realm?”
Although Han Zhuang had broken through with external force and had an arm severed, he was still a Transforming Origin Realm expert, but he was killed by Meng Hongfei, who was only in the True Qi Realm.
Meng Hongfei’s strength was beyond Jiang Hongji’s expectation.
Even though he could hardly believe it, the scene just now had clearly told him that Meng Hongfei had killed Han Zhuang, who was at the Transforming Origin Realm, with his True Qi Realm strength.
This Meng Hongfei was indeed a Martial Academy Heavenly Pride who advanced to the Star Palace within three years of entry!
Realizing this, the previous displeasure in Jiang Hongji’s heart instantly dissipated.
“Well, I was going to interrogate him about whether he still has accomplices, but it didn’t work out…” Lin Chen walked over and looked helplessly at Meng Hongfei, who was expressionless.
If he wanted to kill Han Zhuang with his strength, the first Blade strike would not have just severed an arm.
His plan was to use the second Blade to render Han Zhuang completely incapacitated and then interrogate him about his accomplices and the evil cult power he belonged to.
Unexpectedly, Han Zhuang still had the power to evade and was finally killed by Meng Hongfei in one fell swoop.
Things turned out differently than expected, but that did not matter.
Their mission this time was to verify whether Cloud Water County’s government had been infiltrated by the evil cult.
Now, having verified and executed the mastermind, they could follow the trail and find any other lurking evil cult spies.
At this point, their mission from the Sky Patrol Office is almost done, and the finishing touch will be left for the County Government Office of Cloud Water County to deal with.
Next, they need to continue completing the tasks of the Martial Academy.
With this in mind, Lin Chen said to Lord Jiang, “Lord Jiang, let’s sit down and talk.”
“Okay.”
So, Lin Chen and Jiang Hongji sat down to discuss the matter, one after another.
Meng Hongfei, on the other hand, sheathed his Blade, and looked at the shocked young boys and girls, coldly saying, “The little interlude just now is over, we will continue with the next assessment.”
“Yes!”
Lu Yun and the others quickly recovered from their shock and reassembled in the shortest possible time.
At this moment, their eyes were filled with admiration and envy as they looked at Meng Hongfei.
His elder brother, who was not much older than them, left a deep impression in their minds as he killed a Transforming Origin Realm opponent by crossing realms with his True Qi Realm.


CHAPTER-21
21 Chapter 21: Innate Talent and Rewards

“The second assessment is the Innate Talent Test.” When Lu Yun and the others stood in line again, Meng Hongfei’s loud voice, mixed with True Qi, echoed throughout the whole square.
“Innate Talent Test?” Lu Yun was immediately interested, as he was curious about the things that could test innate talent.
On the way to Cloud Water County, when Lu Cangsheng talked about innate talent, he mentioned that a person’s innate talent could only be known by someone with a special treasure or a high enough Martial Arts Realm.
Now, he was finally able to witness the treasure that could test innate talent.
At the same time, he also wanted to know where his five-star innate talent stood among the more than a thousand boys and girls participating in the Martial Academy’s assessment.
“Since my Martial Arts Realm is not high enough to detect your innate talents, this assessment will be carried out by the Innate Talent Stone,” said Meng Hongfei.
As he finished speaking, Meng Hongfei waved his sleeve, and a round stone suddenly appeared on the table with a flash of light.
Calling it a stone was rather inaccurate; it was more like a special kind of jade, about the size of a human head, semi-transparent, and white in color.
“Innate talent determines a martial artist’s potential and cultivation speed. Therefore, the higher the innate talent, the greater the probability of becoming a disciple of the Martial Academy. Conversely, the lower the innate talent, the lower the martial arts potential.”
“If the Innate Talent Stone shows that you have less than two stars or no innate talent, you will be eliminated directly!”
“If you test as having an innate talent of five stars or higher, not only can you directly become a disciple of the Martial Academy, but you will also receive extraordinary rewards after joining the sect.” Meng Hongfei faintly smiled, without any traces of the coldness from before when he executed a Transforming Origin Realm martial artist with a single stroke.
“Let me reveal some rewards: the higher the innate talent, the more generous rewards will be.”
“Five-star innate talent will be awarded three Body Tempering Pills and one Meridian Pill!”
Upon hearing this, many of the young martial artists on the square immediately became excited, their eyes filled with longing.
Body Tempering Pills are the main resources used by martial artists during the Enter Martial Realm, which can temper the body and greatly unlock the potential of martial artists.
Only by tempering the body to its limit during the Enter Martial Realm can a martial artist open more meridians after reaching the Meridian Passage Realm.
Meridian pills are the main resources used by martial artists during the Meridian Passage Realm, which can speed up the process of opening meridians and increase the efficiency, making them extremely precious.
Most of them were like Lu Yun, hailing from various villages and towns in Cloud Water County, and their daily practice relied solely on their own sweat without the ability to purchase pills or heavenly treasures for cultivation.
Now, as long as they tested having a five-star innate talent, they could obtain the cultivation resources they had been dreaming of. It was no wonder they were shocked and yearning.
“Three Body Tempering Pills and one Meridian Pill?” Lu Yun’s eyes sparkled and he couldn’t help but clench his fists.
Unlike the others, Lu Yun had the attribute panel and already knew that he had a five-star innate talent.
Thus, the rewards for a five-star innate talent were already within his grasp.
Just as the young men were rubbing their fists in excitement, imagining themselves making a name for themselves and testing a five-star innate talent, Meng Hongfei’s voice mixed with True Qi sounded once more, suppressing all their murmurs and heartbeats.
“Six-star innate talent can receive five Body Tempering Pills and three Meridian Pills!”
“Seven-star innate talent?” At this point, Meng Hongfei shook his head slightly: “I don’t think there will be seven-star or higher innate talents among you.”
“Alright, line up and come forward one by one to test!”
Xiao Chen was at the very front of the line, so he was the first to go forward for the test.
When his palm touched the stone, it immediately emitted a green light, which gradually changed over time until it turned deep green.
“Xiao Chen, top of five-star innate talent.”
“Gasp!” Many people sucked in a breath of cold air.
Most of them didn’t know what it meant to have the top of a five-star innate talent, but the rewards that Meng Hongfei had mentioned earlier were enough to explain everything.
Xiao Chen’s face remained unchanged as his innate talent was revealed as the top of five-star.
“Top of five-star innate talent, not bad, not bad.” Meng Hongfei was in a good mood, knowing that having a five-star talent in the area under his supervision would earn him some considerable Contribution Points after returning to the sect.
“If Xiao Chen is top of five-star innate talent, then my innate talent must not be weak.”
“I must have a five-star innate talent!”
The sixteen young men who had come out of the Soaring Dragon Restaurant were all full of confidence as they stepped forward one by one.
As they were also from Soaring Dragon Restaurant, known as the most powerful group of Heavenly Pride in Cloud Water County, they were the focus of everyone’s expectation.
“He Zhijie, top of three-star innate talent.”
“How… is this possible? Why am I just top of three-star innate talent? I am one of the most outstanding geniuses in Cloud Water County…” He Zhijie seemed to be speaking incoherently, his eyes losing their luster.
“Mu Qingyun, ordinary three-star innate talent.”
A young man in blue clothes stared disbelievingly at the red light emitted from the Innate Talent Stone.
This scene was also seen by Lu Yun and the others.
Lu Yun recognized him; he was Mu Qingyun, the one who had a verbal conflict with them in front of the inn.
“It turns out to be him. But his talent isn’t anything special!” Lu Liangpeng sneered disdainfully.
As for Lu Liangpeng’s disdain, Lu Tianhu was somewhat skeptical, secretly thinking: “Even Mu Qingyun is just a three-star innate talent, wouldn’t our talents be even lower?”
“Chen Tianqi, top of four-star innate talent.”
“Xin Pengyun, Level 4 Ordinary Innate Talent.”
“Lin ZeYuan, Level 3 Top-notch Innate Talent.”
It didn’t take long for the teenagers who came out of the Soaring Dragon Restaurant to complete their Innate Talent Tests. They were all Cloud Water County’s geniuses, and their innate talents were not lower than Level 3.
However, there was no Level 5 Innate Talent among them.
With this contrast in mind, everyone finally realized how extraordinary Xiao Chen’s Level 5 Top-notch Innate Talent was.
At the same time, it also made most people re-evaluate themselves.
Aside from praising Xiao Chen when his Level 5 Innate Talent was revealed, Meng Hongfei remained expressionless, seemingly already expecting the results of everyone’s Innate Talent Tests.
These young people didn’t know how rare Level 5 Innate Talents were, but Meng Hongfei, as a Martial Academy disciple, was well aware.
Level 4 Innate Talents were considered good in the Martial Academy, while top-notch ones were barely excellent. Level 5 Innate Talents could be called geniuses.
And the Level 5 Top-notch Innate Talent was among the most top-notch level of all Martial Academy recruits.
Even rarer were Level 6 Innate Talents, of which the entire Martial Academy had only a few.
“Next!”
After the 10-plus genius teenagers finished their tests, other teenagers began to come forward for testing.
“Yang Kai, Level 2 Ordinary innate talent.”
“Zhang Fada, One-star Innate Talent, eliminated.”
“Wang Liang, Level 2 Top-notch Innate Talent.”
“Xu Wenfei, Level 2 Ordinary Innate Talent.”
“Li Feng, no Innate Talent, eliminated.”
“Zhou Xingxing, One-star Top-notch Innate Talent, eliminated.”
As expected, these young people did not have very good innate talents. In addition to a small number of people with Level 3 Innate Talents, most people had Level 1 and Level 2 Innate Talents.
Even worse, some people had no Innate Talent at all. These people, even if they tried their hardest throughout their lives, would only reach a certain degree of physical refinement to barely become an Enter Martial Realm Martial Artist.
Their lifetime limits being confined to the Enter Martial Realm was practically no different from cutting off their path in martial arts.
Having come with great expectations, they were not only unable to enter the Martial Academy but also had their dreams of martial arts completely shattered. This was undoubtedly a huge blow.
After the people in front had finished their tests, Lu Liangpeng walked forward, both hopeful and nervous.
As expected, the Innate Talent Stone changed color, emitting a faint yellow glow.
“Lu Liangpeng, Level 2 Ordinary Innate Talent.”
Although Level 2 Ordinary Innate Talent was considered very poor compared to the geniuses, for most people, it was something they could only hope for but not achieve.
Lu Liangpeng knew that he was part of the ordinary group of people, and when he learned that he had Level 2 Innate Talent, his face was filled with a happy smile.
“One step closer to the Martial Academy!” he clenched his fist, then turned to Lu Tianhu and Lu Yun behind him and said, “Keep it up, I’m waiting for you two!”
“I can do it too.” Lu Tianhu encouraged himself in his heart and walked forward.
Like Lu Liangpeng, the Innate Talent Stone emitted a faint yellow glow when he placed his hand on it. The intensity was slightly deeper than Lu Liangpeng’s, proving that he was still within the range of Level 2 Ordinary Innate Talent.
“Hehe!”
Lu Tianhu looked like a happy child, making a fist in Lu Yun’s direction to encourage him.
Seeing this, Lu Yun was also happy for them.
With Level 2 Innate Talent, even if they ultimately couldn’t enter the Martial Academy, their future achievements would definitely surpass the Old Village Head’s, thus raising Spirit Creek Village’s overall strength.
Having been born and raised in Spirit Creek Village, Lu Yun naturally hoped for the village to become better and better.
Under the watchful eyes of everyone, Lu Yun calmly walked to the Innate Talent Stone, gently placed his right hand on it, and a faint green light emerged.
The green light wasn’t as brilliant as Xiao Chen’s, but compared to the others, it was extremely eye-catching.
“Lu Yun, Level 5 Ordinary Innate Talent.”
Meng Hongfei’s face beamed with another smile as he looked deeply at Lu Yun and nodded secretly.
“This person actually has Level 5 Innate Talent!”
After Lu Yun stepped away from the Innate Talent Stone, the others finally recovered from their shock, their faces filled with disbelief.
No matter how hard they tried, they would never have imagined that the second Level 5 Innate Talent would be a young man from a small mountain village.
It was almost incredible to think that a young man from a mountain village almost crushed all the young geniuses who had entered the Soaring Dragon Restaurant, claiming to be the most outstanding in Cloud Water County, underfoot.


CHAPTER-22
Chapter 22: Chapter 22, The End, Separate Paths

“Wow, Lu Yun, you’re amazing.”
Lu Liangpeng and Lu Tianhu gathered around him at the same time, their faces excited. “If the Old Village Head knew you had a Level 5 Innate Talent, they would be extremely satisfied.”
The children of the mountain village were the most simple and honest. They did not harbor an ounce of jealousy towards Lu Yun, but instead, genuinely felt happy for his natural talent.
“You guys aren’t bad either, both having Level 2 Innate Talent; there’s a chance you both could become disciples of the Martial Academy.”
“Yeah, the three of us will enter the Martial Academy together and bring glory to Spirit Creek Village!”
With a faint smile, Lu Yun walked away nonchalantly, but his mind was filled with thoughts.
Before the medicine bath, his innate talent was Level 4.
After the two medicine baths, his innate talent had changed to Level 5.
So, did Lu Tianhu and Lu Liangpeng have a One-star Innate Talent before the medicine bath?
Or was the increase in innate talent due to the panel he had?
Looking at the receding figures of Lu Yun’s group from a distance, Mu Qingyun’s face was extremely ugly.
First, the matter with innate talent left him feeling upset, then he found out that the poor country boy he looked down upon actually had a Level 5 Innate Talent, far surpassing his Level 3 Innate Talent.
The huge contrast was difficult for him to accept as a self-proclaimed genius. Gradually, he felt a growing sense of jealousy and unwillingness in his heart.
For Lu Yun’s displayed talent, some were jealous and unwilling, some were envious, and some treated it calmly. It varied from person to person.
Lu Yun didn’t mind the gazes of those around him as he and Lu Tianhu went to a relatively quiet corner to await the next test.
Actually, with his Level 5 Innate Talent, he didn’t need to participate in the next test; he could directly become a disciple of the Martial Academy.
But he wanted to see what it was like. As for whether he would participate in the end, that depended on the situation.
Time passed quickly, and the sun gradually shifted from the center of the sky.
The innate talent test for over a thousand people had ended.
Without exception, there were only two Level 5 Innate Talents in the entire field: Peak Level 5 Innate Talent Xiao Chen and Ordinary Level 5 Innate Talent Lu Yun.
Additionally, there were thirteen Level 4 Innate Talents, fifty-two Level 3 Innate Talents, and three hundred twenty-seven Level 2 Innate Talents.
This meant that after the Innate Talent Test, fewer than four hundred people remained.
Moreover, this was only the second test.
How many people would be eliminated and how many lucky ones would remain after the unknown third test?
As the innate talent test concluded, the teenagers with only one-star Innate Talent or without any innate talent were expelled from the field, and the lively central square became much quieter.
“Very well, you guys have once again stayed and are one step closer to becoming my Junior Brothers.”
Meng Hongfei’s eyes swept over the people in front of him and said lightly, “The final examination is about to begin. Line up quickly and orderly.”
Soon, everyone quieted down and stood in neat square formations at the fastest speed.
“Bring up the Measuring Strength Pillar!” With Meng Hongfei’s words, sixteen heavily armored soldiers carried a huge stone pillar over. When they put it on the ground, the green stone on the ground crumbled instantly.
The entire pillar was black, about five meters tall, and with a diameter of about one meter. On the front at waist height, there were faint traces resembling fist imprints and marks from sword techniques.
There was a transparent line about the width of a middle finger on the right side of the pillar, extending from the base to the top, with a scale marked next to it.
The scale ranged from one to one hundred.
“This is the Measuring Strength Pillar, specifically designed to test one’s strength.”
Meng Hongfei pointed at the strange-looking black stone pillar and said, “Most of you are in the Enter Martial Realm, the stage specifically designed to temper your body, improve your blood and strength, and increase your explosive power. The final assessment will be based on the standard of your body’s explosive power.”
“There are one hundred scales on the Measuring Strength Pillar, each representing ten jin 1 Chinese pound of explosive power. You will be responsible for using your full strength to attack the Measuring Strength Pillar. Each person gets three tries. If you don’t reach fifty scales after three attempts, you’ll be eliminated!”
“The test begins!”
With Meng Hongfei’s words, the teenagers began to rub their hands in anticipation, especially those who had stayed at the Soaring Dragon Restaurant like Mu Qingyun.
These people were all at the late stage and peak of the Enter Martial Realm.
For them, this final strength examination was just a formality.
But they wouldn’t be satisfied with just going through the motions.
“Excuse me, Senior Brother, can we use sword techniques?” Mu Qingyun, who wanted to regain his dignity and unwillingness from before, asked tentatively.
“You can use any martial arts, including sword techniques and fist techniques.” Meng Hongfei responded.
After getting an accurate response, everyone revealed the weapons they carried on their person.
There were all sorts of weapons, such as knives, spears, halberds, hammers, and axes; every type imaginable.
Xiao Chen simply took a glance at the Measuring Strength Pillar and stepped out of the queue, not intending to participate in the test.
He possessed a five-star innate talent and was the only one at the Meridian Passage Realm, and it wouldn’t matter whether he participated or not.
Meng Hongfei just nodded slightly without saying anything.
Sword light flickered, Mu Qingyun suddenly drew his sword, using his full strength to strike the Measuring Strength Pillar. With a ‘pang’ sound, Lu Yun and the others clearly saw a red glow rising from the base of the pillar, extending along a transparent line the width of a finger, eventually stopping at the “eighty-one” mark.
“Eighty-one on the scale!”
“So strong, his explosive attack power has reached eighty-one on the scale!”
Someone exclaimed aloud.
Feeling the shocked gaze of the crowd, Mu Qingyun enjoyed it immensely. As if he suddenly thought of something, he glanced in Lu Yun’s direction.
Unfortunately, the result disappointed him. He couldn’t find any sign of shock or other unusual expressions on Lu Yun’s face.
“Hmph, pretending to be calm!” Mu Qingyun snorted in his heart.
As long as one reached fifty on the scale, it would be considered a pass. His explosive power reached eighty-one, a full thirty-one points higher than the passing line. Such results were unattainable for ordinary people.
In his view, Lu Yun was merely at the middle stage of the Enter Martial Realm and came from a backward, remote mountain village. He probably had the worst martial arts background. How could such a person ignore him?
The more he thought about it, the more intense his jealousy towards Lu Yun became, causing him to overlook one crucial point.
Lu Yun had less than a tenth of his cultivation time and possessed one of the only two five-star innate talents.
Lu Yun was originally watching the tests of the others. Suddenly, he felt something unusual, as if being stared at by a venomous snake, making him somewhat uncomfortable.
After noticing this, he quickly glanced around. When his gaze fell on the figure to his right, he suddenly stopped, as he saw a very familiar figure.
Silver-white robe, a calm and collected expression, sharp eyes.
Xiao Chen!
He had the best innate talent and the highest cultivation. Among all the candidates, he was undoubtedly the most dazzling existence.
But at this moment, he nodded slightly towards Lu Yun.
Lu Yun was a little confused, nodded back to acknowledge the gesture, and then looked away.
“Huh?” Lu Yun furrowed his brow slightly, “That uncomfortable feeling is still there; could it not be Xiao Chen?”
Immediately after, he scanned the surroundings once more and met a pair of eyes.
“It’s him?” When Lu Yun saw Mu Qingyun’s cold gaze, he instantly knew where that uncomfortable feeling had come from.
This kid seemed a bit off.
Through Mu Qingyun’s eyes, Lu Yun could sense that there was considerable ill-will towards him.
“We only met once; surely he doesn’t bear ill-will towards me!” Lu Yun thought sarcastically, “Or maybe I have that legendary jinxed constitution.”
After ridiculing himself, he retracted his gaze, and also made a mental note of Mu Qingyun.
“Incredible! It’s eighty-three on the scale.”
“That one isn’t bad either, hitting eighty-nine on the scale.”
About half of the participants had completed the test by now.
Among them, Mu Qingyun had performed the best so far with eighty-one on the scale. As more candidates reached higher points, they immediately received attention.
“”Ninety-one on the scale?!”
As the test went on, someone finally broke the ninety-point barrier. Lu Yun glanced at the teenager and knew he was one of the earlier people who entered the Soaring Dragon Restaurant.
Next, Lu Tianhu and Lu Liangpeng tested one by one. They each used all three chances, but still couldn’t reach fifty on the scale. They returned disheartened.
Regarding this, Lu Yun didn’t know how to console them, so he chose to remain silent.
Sometimes, the best consolation for a disheartened person is to do nothing.
Emerging from disappointment is often more effective and quicker for growth than any consolation.
“I’ve decided, since 1 can’t become a Martial Academy disciple, I’ll join the army and start from the bottom as a soldier!”
In the square, Lu Langping raised his head, looking at the slowly setting sun with a renewed sense of vigor.
Seeing Lu Liangpeng’s face beaming with pride once again, Lu Tianhu smiled faintly, also firming up his resolve in his heart.
The three teenagers from Spirit Creek Village embraced the warm setting sun, each with their own thoughts.
Their shadows cast long, long lines on the plaza..


CHAPTER-23
Chapter 23: Chapter 23: Black Boat

As for his explosive power, he had a vague sense in his heart that it was around 800 catties.
At the mid-stage of Enter Martial Realm, having such explosive power could already be considered excellent.
However, this was compared to the young martial artists who participated in the examination in Cloud Water County.
Some time later, the test officially ended.
In the end, Lu Yun chose not to participate in the test. He had already gained enough experience previously and did not want to continue to stand out.
Of course, it was not without the reason that the final test had no rewards at all.
The end of the strength test signified the end of the examination.
At the beginning, there were more than 1,300 martial artists participating in the test. In the end, only 105 people persisted until the end.
Among these 105 people, there were two with Level 5 Innate Talent, thirteen with Level 4 Innate Talent, fifty with Level 3 Innate Talent, and forty with Level 2 Innate Talent.
Out of them, only twenty-six were not formal Martial Artists.
However, they were all just one step away from entering the Martial Realm, just lacking an opportunity to break through.
“Everyone, you are all very fortunate to have passed the final examination and become members of the Martial Academy.”
Meng Hongfei glanced at everyone. “In three days, gather here again and accompany me to the Martial Academy.”
Three days later?
Everyone was surprised.
“Every time new disciples are examined by the Martial Academy, they will send the Black Boat one by one to each county to pick up new disciples. Cloud Water County is the last stop, so we have to wait for three days.”
After Meng Hongfei explained, he added: “No matter what happens, do not be absent. Otherwise, it will be considered as giving up becoming a disciple of the Martial Academy.”
“Alright, everyone may leave now!”
Meng Hongfei waved his sleeves and walked towards Lin Chen and Jiang Hongji.
“How was it? Were there any good candidates?” Lin Chen seemed to get along well with Jiang Hongji, as he asked cheerfully after seeing Meng Hongfei.
“Not bad, there were two with Level 5 Innate Talent. They can obtain a good amount of Contribution Points after returning.”
“Oh, well that’s double happiness.”
After making some casual pleasantries, Lin Chen, Meng Hongfei, and Jiang Hongji left the central square.
“Old Village Head, we are sorry that we didn’t pass the examination. We have disappointed you.” Lu Tianhu and Lu Liangpeng hung their heads, not daring to look into Lu Cangsheng’s wise eyes.
Lu Cangsheng shook his head slightly, a loving smile appearing on his face: “Children, success or failure is not important, what’s important is whether you have worked hard and tried your best.”
For Spirit Creek Village to produce a Martial Academy disciple was already a great honor, let alone that Lu Yun was a Level 5 Innate Talent, which could be considered as a top-level genius even within the Martial Academy.
After some polite conversation, Lu Cang proposed: “Let’s go back and prepare a feast to celebrate Lu Yun’s success.”
Lu Cangsheng naturally agreed to the proposal.
“It is indeed worth celebrating.”
When the Old Village Head spoke up, everyone found a restaurant and ordered a table of delicacies.
During the feast, Lu Langping shared his desire to join the army, receiving everyone’s approval.
Young people need to dare to think and dare to venture. Only in this way can they not waste their youth.
When asked about Lu Tianhu, he said earnestly, “1 have always had a dream that the people of Spirit Creek Village will be free from disasters and difficulties. So, 1 want to go back and join the hunting team to contribute to the village’s defense.”
Upon hearing Lu Tianhu’s words, everyone fell silent.
Especially when Lu Langping thought about his previous prejudices against Lu Tianhu, he suddenly felt ashamed.
Time flew by quickly.
In the blink of an eye, three days had passed.
At the central square of Cloud Water County.
Many black-armored guards were present, preventing anyone from approaching the square.
“Lu Yun, even if you enter the Martial Academy, 1 will not give up chasing after your footsteps.”
Lu Liangpeng’s eyes sparkled as he said solemnly.
Lu Yun nodded with a smile: “Alright, 1 wish you great progress in Martial Arts!”
He then looked at Lu Tianhu and laughed: “I also wish you great progress in
Martial Arts.”
Lu Tianhu waved his hand and said slowly, “Take good care of yourself.”
“Lu Yun, after entering the Martial Academy, remember your initial identity. You are from Spirit Creek Village. No matter how much you grow in the future, don’t forget your roots are in Spirit Creek Village.”
At their farewell, Lu Cangsheng spoke with deep meaning.
“Village Head, rest assured.”
Lu Yun responded, resolutely turned around and walked towards the square.
At this moment, more than a hundred spirited young boys and girls gathered in the square.
“Hmph, just because you have a little talent, you made all of us wait for you together?” A cold and mocking voice came.
Whoosh!
Lu Yun’s eyes shot out two glimmers of light, looking towards the person who spoke, and found that it was the impressive Mu Qingyun.
Why impressive? Because compared to the other people’s faces, Mu Qingyun was one of the only two people that Lu Yun remembered by name and appearance.
As for the other one, it was the swordsmanship genius, Xiao Chen.
At this moment, Xiao Chen had an expressionless face and stood with his hands behind him. There were no people around him, and his eyes calmly looked at the distant sky, seemingly uninterested in anything else.
“A jumping clown!” Lu Yun snorted coldly, ignored the other party, and walked towards an empty corner.
“You…” Hearing Lu Yun’s mockery, Mu Qingyun’s eyes were filled with anger and fire.
“Lu Yun, don’t be arrogant. Innate talent doesn’t represent real strength. Now 1 could defeat you with just one move.” Mu Qingyun said angrily and loudly.
He hated Lu Yun’s behavior of not putting him in his eyes. For the always proud him, this was undoubtedly a trampling on his dignity and a grave insult.
Whoosh!
As Mu Qingyun’s words fell, everyone else looked on with a spectating expression.
Many people were extremely curious about Lu Yun, the ‘second genius’ of Cloud Water County.
After all, they were idle at the moment, and it would be great if they could witness his strength.
However, they were disappointed.
Lu Yun simply ignored them and, like Xiao Chen, stared into the distant horizon.
Rumbling!
At this moment, a shadow suddenly appeared in the far sky and quickly enlarged. Soon the whole sky suddenly darkened, and an enormous, spectacular ship broke through the clouds and hovered several meters above the ground, covering the sun.
“How magnificent!” Lu Yun’s heart trembled.
It was his first time seeing such a huge flying ship, and its scale and grandeur were not much different from the aircraft carriers of Blue Star in his previous life.
“I’ve heard that not only does this Black Boat have a large carrying capacity and incredibly fast speed, but it’s also a strategic resource. Ordinary people and families are not allowed to manufacture and use it.” One of the young men seemed quite knowledgeable about it and looked envious.
“If I could have a Black Boat like this, wouldn’t I be free to soar in the vast world?” Lu Yun thought to himself.
However, he only thought about it. If he really had such a Black Boat, what he would do first is exchange it for various heavenly treasures and spiritual pills, and then convert them into energy points.
“Brother Lin, sorry for keeping you waiting!”
Aboard the Black Boat, Gu Qingfeng in a green robe stood at the bow, looking down and speaking to Lin Chen and the others behind Lu Yun, with a thunderous voice echoing all around.
Around him stood a dozen young men, each with their unique demeanor and temperament.
Behind the Black Boat, there were over a thousand young boys and girls, who were now grouped into more than a dozen large groups, and each large group was further divided into smaller groups.
“Haha, Brother Gu, you look great. It seems that you have gained a lot from this trip.” A hearty voice sounded, followed by Lin Chen and Meng Hongfei’s figures sweeping through the air and landing on the Black Boat.
“Brother Lin, you’re joking. I just happened to encounter only two Level 5 ordinary innate talents, not comparable to Yun Bufan who found three Level 5 innate talents in Flowing Wind County, one of which was even a Level 5 top-notch innate talent!”
Although Gu Qingfeng spoke like this, the smile on his face did not diminish.
Recruiting one Level 5 innate talent was considered a great harvest for him, let alone recruiting two.
“Brother Yun has good luck, and we must treat everyone when we return to Martial Academy.” Lin Chen looked at a young man in a blue robe.
This person was Yun Bufan, a genius who, like Lin Chen, entered the Star Palace.
“Definitely, definitely.” Yun Bufan agreed generously.
After that, Lin Chen greeted others one by one.
On the other hand, Meng Hongfei always had a cold face, not fitting in with the friendly atmosphere.
“Everyone, come up!” After the formalities, Lin Chen looked at Lu Yun and the others below and shouted loudly.
Whoosh!
Whoosh!
The Black Boat was only a few meters above the ground, and the geniuses of Cloud Water County had no problem with that height. They jumped up one after another and landed on the Black Boat.
Seeing the many young people gathered in more than a dozen groups, the geniuses of Cloud Water County naturally formed their own group in a corner.
Lin Chen, Gu Qingfeng, and others smiled slightly, seeing this as nothing unusual.
They had also experienced this scene, but with time, the original groups based on geographical affiliations would gradually disappear.
In Martial Academy, strength is everything..


CHAPTER-24
Chapter 24: Chapter 24: Flying Spirit Martial Academy

“Let’s go!”
As everyone stabilized their footing, the black boat slowly ascended, piercing through the clouds and flying towards the distance.
“All, 1 wonder how many of these people can become powerful warriors. Cloud Water County hasn’t seen a strong cultivator in the True Qi Realm or above for a long time, and the only one who appeared became an evil cultist.”
On a high platform in the central square, Jiang Hongji stood with his hands behind his back, gazing at the gradually disappearing black boat.
“However, now that Cloud Water County doesn’t have a County Warden, my responsibilities are even greater…” Thinking of this, Jiang Hongji became worried: “If another beast tide breaks out in Cloud Dream Mountain, it’ll be troublesome. I’d better report to my superiors soon.”
Boom!
In midair, the black boat broke through the airwaves and sped forward, while the mountains and rivers below constantly receded.
On the boat, young boys and girls from various counties in Spirit Martial Prefecture kept to themselves, while also carefully sizing each other up.
Lu Yun noticed that there were always a few individuals who stood out in each group.
These people exuded an indescribable aura, and those around them seemed to play supporting roles to them.
“There are no fewer than ten people in the Meridian Passage Realm like Xiao Chen on this black boat. 1 just don’t know about their innate talents, whether any of them have a Level 6 talent,” Lu Yun whispered to himself, pondering.
Cloud Water County had so many people, yet the most outstanding ones had only a peak Level 5 innate talent, which showed how rare Level 6 talents were.
“Regardless, with the control panel, my cultivation speed and potential can’t be simply measured by innate talent, so 1 don’t need to care too much.”
After observing for a while, Lu Yun gave up and began to cultivate while sitting cross-legged.
After these days of cultivation, his Mix Origin Technique had advanced even further, and its progress had reached 57%.
At this rate, he figured it would take only two more months for the Mix Origin Technique to reach great accomplishment and advance to the late Enter Martial Realm.
Of course, that was the slowest progression speed.
If he used energy points, that time would be significantly reduced.
The black boat soon left Cloud Water County’s territory and flew rapidly towards the distance. As Lu Yun immersed himself in cultivation, time flew by.
Boom!
Suddenly, Lu Yun felt a jolt in his body and withdrew from his cultivation state.
“We have arrived at the Martial Academy, everyone prepare to disembark.” A loud and clear voice rang out, and everyone on the black boat got moving.
Lu Yun opened his eyes, stood up, and looked ahead.
A range of endless mountains appeared in his sight, like flood dragons coiling on the ground.
Among the mountains and forests, clusters of buildings were faintly visible, and wisps of clouds drifted about, giving it the appearance of a fairyland on earth.
“This is the Flying Spirit Martial Academy? It’s actually situated in a mountain range,” Lu Yun marveled inwardly. He had thought that the Flying Spirit Martial Academy would be built in the city of Spirit Martial Prefecture, but to his surprise, it was located in the mountains far away from the city.
Under the leadership of Lin Chen and the others, the new disciples of the Martial Academy, including Lu Yun, jumped off the black boat and landed on a square.
On the square, elders were already waiting to receive them.
“Gu Qingfeng, Yun Bufan, Lin Chen, why are you guys so late? This old man has been waiting for you for more than two hours!” The rugged-looking, loud-mouthed Song Gaojun bellowed.
“You better not blame me for making you wait if you haven’t brought any good seeds.”
As he spoke, he scrutinized the new academy disciples. When he saw that more than ten of them, including Xiao Chen, had already reached the Meridian Passage Realm, he nodded slightly before urging them on.
“Not bad. It seems there should be quite a few good seeds. Hurry up and show me the information so I can see just what kind of talent these new disciples have.”
Gu Qingfeng handed over the registry and pretended to be pitiful: “Elder Song, please don’t blame me. White Mountain County is so remote that there aren’t many good seeds. I only found two with Level 5 ordinary talent.”
Upon hearing this, Song Gaojun’s eyes brightened. He rudely snatched the registry from Gu Qingfeng and began flipping through it.
“Hehe, there are actually still two Level 5 talents in that hellhole of White Mountain County. You’re pretty lucky, kid. You deserve a reward!”
“Ahem, Elder Song, what do you want to reward me with?” Gu Qingfeng’s eyes darted around, and he spoke ingratiatingly.
“Go claim your reward at the Internal Affairs Hall yourself. This old man can’t afford to reward you!”
After saying that, Song Gaojun didn’t bother with Gu Qingfeng anymore, and snatched up the registry from Yun Bufan.
“Wow, Flowing Wind County is doing pretty well. Not only are there three Level 5 talents, but one of them is even a peak Level 5 talent!”
Song Gaojun closed the register, looked at the new disciples of the Martial Academy, and said loudly, “Who is Ma Yunfei?”
As the words fell, the gazes of the new martial academy disciples from Flowing Wind County converged on one place.
Lu Yun also followed the direction of their gazes and saw a young man standing proudly. He was handsome, with an extraordinary aura and bright, spirited eyes that seemed to hold a splendid galaxy.
He slightly bowed to Song Gaojun and said, “Greetings to Elder Song, 1 am Ma Yunfei from Flowing Wind County.”
Ma Yunfei’s voice was steady, his expression calm, and his demeanor impressive.
“Level 5 pinnacle innate talent, not bad!” Song Gaojun nodded slightly.
From this moment on, the name Ma Yunfei would be deeply engraved in everyone’s hearts.
Level 5 pinnacle innate talent was definitely an insurmountable mountain for the new Martial Academy disciples present.
“Ma Yunfei, perhaps he will be a worthy opponent!” Within the ranks of Cloud Water County’s martial arts new disciples, Xiao Chen muttered softly.
At the same time, in the ranks of other counties, a sense of fighting spirit rose.
Apparently, these talents with Level 5 innate talent were very interested in Ma Yunfei, who had a Level 5 pinnacle innate talent.
Feeling the strong fighting intent, Ma Yunfei just smiled faintly and didn’t take it seriously.
“It looks like a bunch of kids who can’t help themselves!” Lu Yun smiled slightly, completely forgetting that he seemed to be among the youngest in this group of people.
It seemed like the opening show was pretty good. Song Gaojun didn’t bother to check the registration books of each county’s test takers again. Instead, he directly asked, “Have any of you recruited those with Level 6 innate talent or higher?”
Lin Chen and the others were silent. It was already quite difficult to recruit people with Level 5 innate talent. Level 6 innate talent could only be found with exceptionally good luck.
After a brief silence, an indifferent-looking man approached.
“Reporting to Elder Song, 1 have recruited a Level 6 innate talent in Dashen County,” the indifferent man said.
What?
As soon as these words came out, everyone was astonished and looked at the indifferent man with envy.
A Level 6 innate talent was rare. They’d be fortunate to recruit one in several years. Even the current Flying Spirit Martial Academy had only eight Level 6 innate talents.
Lu Yun was also slightly surprised. Among the new martial academy disciples in their batch, there was actually someone with a Level 6 innate talent.
“Could it be him?” Song Gaojun pondered for a moment before slowly looking at a young man.
The young man stood in the crowd, surrounded by others as if they were stars around the moon. When he realized that Song Gaojun was looking at him, he raised his head and smiled faintly.
“This young man is Bai Haoxuan, a Level 6 innate talent, currently in the middle stage of the Meridian Passage Realm,” the indifferent man introduced.
Hisss…
All of the new martial academy disciples suddenly drew in a breath of cold air, staring intently at the smiling Bai Haoxuan.
Six-star innate talent?
Mid-stage Meridian Passage Realm?
Either one of these attributes would have been enough to make him famous among the new martial academy disciples.
Moreover, he possessed both of them.
“Bai Haoxuan?” Lu Yun glanced at the young man and found him somewhat special.
Heavenly Prides like Xiao Chen, with Level 5 innate talent, stood alone in a corner, with no one approaching them. However, it was different for Bai Haoxuan, who had many people around him, as if they were his followers.
Starting to form factions even before entering the Martial Academy was a sign of deep scheming, and it was worth paying attention to.
With the presence of Bai Haoxuan, a Level 6 innate talent genius, the overall quality of the new generation of martial academy disciples had improved. As the guiding elder, Song Gaojun was naturally pleased and no longer inquired about other Level 5 innate talents, so he began his speech.
“First of all, congratulations on passing the examination and becoming a member of the Flying Spirit Martial Academy. However, keep in mind that being a disciple of the Flying Spirit Martial Academy doesn’t mean you will suddenly transform into someone extraordinary. To achieve a true transformation, you must constantly improve and break through…”
The sound of Song Gaojun’s voice echoed across the square.
“Apart from the new disciples with Level 5 innate talent, everyone else will be treated as ordinary disciples of the academy starting from today,” he continued.
“Take them away!” With a wave of Song Gaojun’s hand, several martial academy teachers came over and took more than a thousand new disciples away.
Lu Yun scanned the area, and there were still twenty-three people left, including himself..


CHAPTER-25
Chapter 25: Chapter 25: First-class Martial Arts

Looking at the remaining twenty-three people, a smile appeared on Song Gaojun’s face. He continued, “All of you possess a Level 5 innate talent or higher, and according to the usual rules, after entering the academy, you will receive corresponding rewards and can directly become elite disciples, bypassing ordinary disciples.”
“However, don’t get too excited too soon. Being an elite disciple in the Flying Spirit Martial Academy is just that, and the privileges and cultivation levels are not high.
Furthermore, if you don’t make progress for a long time, your privileges and level will also decrease, and you will be demoted to ordinary disciples.”
Upon hearing this, Lu Yun’s heart skipped a beat. Even becoming a disciple of the Martial Academy still brought considerable pressure!
After the pep talk, Song Gaojun instructed Lu Yun and the others to leave the square and enter a valley.
The valley was vast with patches of courtyards, each separated by a certain distance.
“This is where you, elite disciples, will live. From Courtyard 3,051 to Courtyard 3,100, you can choose any one to live in. As for your rewards, someone will deliver them to you within two days.”
“You all strive hard, and 1 hope that among you, someone can quickly break free from the identity of an elite disciple and become a disciple of a higher level. At that time, you will find that Morigin is fascinating, and the martial arts world is even more exciting.”
After giving some encouragement, Song Gaojun left gracefully.
“The reward isn’t given right away?” Lu Yun didn’t care much about Song Gaojun’s words, but instead, he thought about his rewards.
With Song Gaojun’s departure, the twenty talented youngsters headed towards the courtyards.
Lu Yun randomly chose a courtyard, with the door number plate reading 3,081.
Upon entering the room, he found that the furnishings were very simple, with only a few chairs besides a bed.
There was a neat arrangement of some disciples’ items on the bed, including two sets of clothes and two booklets.
“Huh, there are booklets as well?”
Lu Yun immediately became interested and started reading the booklets.
The first one was the disciple manual of the Flying Spirit Martial Academy.
After quickly reading it, Lu Yun remembered the gist of it.
The manual contained the regulations of the Flying Spirit Martial Academy, as well as the benefits, responsibilities, and duties of the disciples.
The rules were simple, similar to the school rules of Blue Star in his previous life, such as respecting elders, refraining from killing each other, not having any connections with evil cults, etc.
Besides that, it also introduced the different levels of Flying Spirit Martial Academy’s disciples, with the lowest level being ordinary disciples, followed by elite disciples, Star Palace disciples, and finally, the highest level being Bright Moon Hall disciples.
Additionally, every disciple in the academy must pass through the Myriad Phenomena Tower at least once.
The Myriad Phenomena Tower has thirty floors. It is a mysterious spirit artifact and one of the foundations of the academy, priceless in value.
From what Lu Yun knew, there was a distinction between ordinary weapons and True Artifacts or Mysterious Instruments. The huge ship he rode on before was a Mysterious Instrument.
He guessed that above Mysterious Instruments, there was a very high probability that there were spirit artifacts.
“The saber 1 have here might be the worst ordinary weapon.” Looking at the saber beside him, Lu Yun couldn’t help but give a bitter smile, then turned his attention back to the disciple manual.
Starting from becoming a disciple of the Martial Academy, each disciple must pass through one level of the Myriad Phenomena Tower every year.
Before level ten, if a disciple hasn’t passed a level of the Myriad Phenomena Tower for two consecutive years, their level and cultivation level will automatically be reduced by one.
If a disciple hasn’t passed a level of the Myriad Phenomena Tower for three consecutive years, they will be expelled from the Martial Academy.
Of course, as long as they become a disciple of the Martial Academy, even if they are expelled, they will still be in great demand within the Morigin region.
“This incentive method is quite good.” Closing the disciple manual, Lu Yun couldn’t help but become curious about what kind of place the Myriad Phenomena Tower was.
However, he had just entered the academy and hadn’t received his rewards yet, so he had to put the matter of challenging the Myriad Phenomena Tower aside for now.
Soon, Lu Yun looked at the other booklet, neither thick nor thin.
Pure Yang Aura!
Lu Yun’s eyes widened immediately. Pure Yang Aura had an impressive name.
At least from the name, it seemed to be dozens or even hundreds of times more domineering than techniques like Breaking Wind Saber, Rushing Thunder Fist, or Eight Extremities Collapse.
In fact, Pure Yang Aura was indeed several levels higher than techniques like Breaking Wind Saber Technique because it was a first-class martial art, and even the most top-notch first-class martial art at that.
When martial artists advanced to the Meridian Passage Realm, they would begin to open up their body’s meridians, giving birth to True Qi.
The more meridians are unblocked, the stronger the True Qi, and the greater potential.
Generally, top-tier martial arts can open up five to six meridians.
Higher-ranked top-tier martial arts are slightly better, opening up seven to eight meridians.
And the pinnacle of top-tier martial arts can open up nine meridians.
By opening up nine meridians, a Meridian Passage Realm martial artist’s True Qi is already considered very formidable.
However, when practiced to the highest level, Pure Yang Aura can help a Meridian Passage Realm martial artist open up twelve meridians!
“It’s like receiving a pillow at the onset of drowsiness.” Lu Yun excitedly flipped through the Pure Yang Aura.
In his opinion, the fact that Flying Spirit Martial Academy casually placed such a precious top-tier martial art on the bed shows either their astonishing wealth or the great importance they place on their elite disciples.
Hiss!
As expected from the most pinnacle top-tier martial art, although its content wasn’t much, it took Lu Yun six hours before he could fully memorize it.
Name: Lu Yun
Force: Flying Spirit Martial Academy
Martial Art: Breaking Wind Saber Technique Perfection (Cannot be upgraded), Ata Origin Technique Small Achievement (58%), Pure Yang Aura (Pre-Entry Level)
Innate Talent: Level 5
Martial Arts: Enter Martial Realm Mid Phase
Energy Points: 0.3
Opening the panel again, there was indeed a change, with a new martial art added to the Martial Arts column – Pure Yang Aura.
The minimum requirement for practicing Pure Yang Aura is reaching the Meridian Passage Realm and the birth of True Qi within a martial artist’s body.
Currently, Lu Yun was only at the mid-phase of the Enter Martial Realm, unable to practice Pure Yang Aura, and had to put it aside for now.
“I need to practice swiftly and grow stronger in the shortest amount of time.”
Thinking about Meng Hongfei’s terrifying strike back in Cloud Water County and Lin Chen’s Extreme Cold True Essence that could freeze everything, Lu Yun suddenly felt a strong sense of urgency.
So, after tidying up his room, he sat cross-legged on the bed and began to practice.
With his five-star innate talent, he had a terrifying potential, and coupled with his panel that could sense his progress at any time, his motivation to cultivate was incredibly strong.
Time passed in the blink of an eye, and in an instant, two days had gone by.
Mix Origin Technique Small Achievement (60%)
Seeing the updated information on his panel, a smile of joy appeared on Lu Yun’s face.
Feeling his progress and growth at any time made him utterly addicted.
Thump thump!
At this moment, he suddenly heard a knocking sound, followed by a voice coming from outside the courtyard.
“Junior Brother Lu Yun, your reward has been delivered. Please come out and receive it.”
Lu Yun was slightly stunned at these words, but his excitement began to rise.
The long-awaited reward was finally within his grasp.
Three bottles of Body Tempering Pills and one bottle of Meridian Pills – just thinking about these generous rewards was heart-pounding.
Creak!
Lu Yun opened the courtyard door and saw a chubby teenager standing outside, dressed extravagantly, with his eyes nearly squinting shut.
“Junior Brother Lu Yun, 1 truly admire you. You’ve been in the Martial Academy for two days, and you’ve been buried in hard practice, not even taking a walk outside.”
This chubby teenager, almost like a rolling ball, walked into the courtyard naturally, casually observing all around and exclaiming: “Oh, you still haven’t even cleaned up the courtyard. I don’t know what to say to you.”
Lu Yun could only give an embarrassed smile and stared closely at him, trying to see where his reward was..


CHAPTER-26
Chapter 26: Chapter 26: The Surge of Energy

This chubby young man didn’t seem to notice, and just reached out with his chubby right hand to touch his smooth chin. After pondering for a while, he suddenly seemed to think of something and asked tentatively.
“Junior Brother Lu Yun, are you interested in the Pure Yang Aura martial arts distributed by the Martial Academy, so you’ve been trying to cultivate it these two days?”
Lu Yun shook his head: “The minimum requirement for cultivating Pure Yang Aura is to advance to the Meridian Passage Realm and generate True Qi in the body. I’m still a ways away from breaking through.”
“Oh, that’s right.” The chubby young man was slightly taken aback, and then kindly reminded him, “Although you have a Level 5 Innate Talent, 1 would still advise you not to cultivate this martial art. When you break through to the Meridian Passage Realm, you can choose another one at the Cultivation Technique Pavilion.”
“Why is that?” Lu Yun asked, puzzled.
Pure Yang Aura is indeed a top-notch martial art, and cultivating it to perfection can open up twelve meridians. Without a convincing reason, it would be impossible for Lu Yun to give up on cultivating it.
Next, the chubby young man explained the reasons one by one.
It turned out that Pure Yang Aura was indeed a top-notch martial art, and there was no better martial art in the Cultivation Technique Pavilion.
However, Pure Yang Aura is not easy to enter. Every generation, new disciples with a five-star innate talent or above would obtain Pure Yang Aura, but very few of them would ultimately enter it, and most would eventually give up.
Moreover, even if one’s talent was good enough to successfully enter the Pure Yang Aura, one could only cultivate it to great accomplishment and open up nine meridians.
Taking such a huge risk, one could only open up nine meridians in the end. Why not just choose a top-notch martial art from the start?
For others, Pure Yang Aura is like a chicken rib, tasteless when eaten, but a pity to discard.
But for Lu Yun, it was not a chicken rib.
On the contrary, it was a shortcut for him to increase his combat power by leaps and bounds.
“How about it, Senior Brother treats you well, right? 1 told you such confidential news.” The chubby young man stared at Lu Yun with a serious look on his face.
“Oh, thank you for telling me, Senior Brother.” Lu Yun’s eyes were shining, and then he asked, “But just now, Senior Brother said that you came to deliver the Entry Level assessment reward. I’m curious about your identity.”
The chubby young man’s eyes narrowed slightly, revealing a glint of shrewdness.
“Oh, look at my memory, I almost forgot the main business.” He slapped his forehead and introduced himself, “My name is Duan Qing, and you can call me Senior Brother Duan. 1 am currently on duty at the Internal Affairs Hall, responsible for distributing Entry Level assessment rewards.”
With that, he took out four special porcelain bottles and handed them to Lu Yun.
“This is a Third Grade Body Tempering Pill, a bottle of Meridian Pill, and the reward for Level 5 Ordinary Innate Talent…”
“All, I’m really bothering Senior Brother Duan, making you come all this way in person. Come on, sit down and have some tea.” With some polite words, Lu Yun grabbed the four bottles of pills with a look of concern as if he was afraid the other party would change his mind.
Seeing that Lu Yun only had eyes for the pills and completely ignored him, Duan Qing instantly had this thought in his mind.
This Junior Brother Lu Yun was a fellow of the same path!
“Junior Brother, as a senior and your Senior Brother, 1 need to give you a piece of advice.” Duan Qing retracted his smile and put on a serious look.
“You are currently only in the mid-phase of the Enter Martial Realm. Your top priority is to quickly temper your body, advance to the Meridian Passage Realm as soon as possible, and gain a foothold among the elite disciples.
If you haven’t advanced to the Meridian Passage Realm by the end of the Newcomer Protection Period, not only will you be demoted to an ordinary disciple, but your various benefits and treatment will also be reduced.”
“So that’s how it is!” Lu Yun frowned slightly, playing with the small porcelain bottle in his hand.
Don’t worry, Junior Brother, I think you are quite pleasing, and I might as well help you.”
“Oh, how does Senior Brother plan to help me?”
“Junior Brother, your five-star Innate Talent is not bad, but you just lack cultivation resources. But now it’s different, the Meridian Pill in your hand is quite valuable. If exchanged for Body Tempering Pills, it would be enough to help you cultivate to the Meridian Passage Realm.”
“How about this, you just arrived at the Martial Academy not long ago and are not familiar with the situation. I’ll help you deal with this Meridian Pill.”
“That doesn’t sound good!” Lu Yun hesitated.
“It’s okay, I like to help others, especially talented disciples like you.”
Duan Qing said confidently, “According to the normal market price, one Meridian Pill can be exchanged for five Body Tempering Pills. Senior Brother sees you as a kindred spirit, so I’ll give you six.”
“What do you think, Junior Brother?”
With that, he stared intently at Lu Yun.
No, it should be the Meridian Pill in Lu Yun’s hand.
“Alright.” Lu Yun agreed without hesitation.
Duan Qing didn’t lie. The value of one Meridian Pill is indeed about that of five Body Tempering Pills.
But generally, people would not exchange Meridian Pills for Body Tempering Pills.
The higher the grade of the pill, the rarer it is, and it is often in short supply.
However, Lu Yun is different. He has a panel, and both Body Tempering Pills and Meridian Pills will be converted into energy.
Although he has not tried it, the energy converted from six Body Tempering Pills should not be less than that of one Meridian Pill.
In this transaction, the chances of Lu Yun losing out are very small.
That was the reason he agreed so readily.
“Junior Brother agreed so easily?” Duan Qing looked at the bottle of Meridian Pills in front of him, his expression somewhat strange.
But he didn’t hesitate at all, immediately taking it and quickly extracting six porcelain bottles containing Body Tempering Pills, handing them to Lu Yun.
“Senior Brother Duan, if possible, 1 hope we can continue to collaborate in the future!”
“Definitely.” Duan Qing said with satisfaction, “1 still have to distribute assessment rewards, and I’ll visit you when I get the chance.”
After Duan Qing left, Lu Yun couldn’t wait to return to his room, opened the porcelain bottle, poured a Body Tempering Pill into his mouth and swallowed.
Energy Value: 1.8
Just after absorbing the first Body Tempering Pill, the energy value on the panel changed, rising from the original 0.3 to 1.8.
That is to say, one Body Tempering Pill could be converted into 1.5 energy points.
Knowing this, Lu Yun was immediately shocked.
One Body Tempering Pill was equivalent to 1.5 energy points.
There were ten Body Tempering Pills in each porcelain bottle, and with nine bottles, there were a total of ninety Body Tempering Pills.
That is to say, as long as he consumed ail the Body Tempering Pills, his energy points would skyrocket to an unprecedented total of 135.3.
Understanding this, without any hesitation, Lu Yun immediately swallowed one Body Tempering Pill after another.
Energy Value: 3.3
Energy Value: 4.8
Energy Value:6.2
Energy Value:?.7
Energy Value:i35
An hour later, the energy points on the panel increased to 135.
It was slightly different from what Lu Yun had anticipated, but the difference wasn’t significant.
The reason for this difference was probably because the quality of these Body Tempering Pills wasn’t uniform.
However, none of that mattered.
Having so many energy points for the first time, Lu Yun almost laughed out loud.
Name: Lu Yun
Faction: Flying Spirit Martial Academy
Martial Arts: Breaking Wind Saber Technique Perfection (cannot be upgraded), Mix Origin Technique Small Achievement (60%), Pure Yang Aura (Pre-Entry)
Innate Talent: Level 5
Martial Arts: Enter Martial Realm Mid-Stage
Energy Value: 135
“Indeed, to obtain more energy points, I need to leave the small places and join forces like the Martial Academy.”
Looking at the 135 energy points on the panel, a satisfied smile appeared on Lu Yun’s face.
Ever since he discovered the panel, the total amount of energy points he gained never exceeded twenty.
Now, after only a few days at the Martial Academy, his energy points have soared to 135.
It goes to show.
Shallow water truly cannot raise real dragons.’
“Perhaps, today I’ll be able to upgrade this top-tier first-class martial art, Pure Yang Aura, to the extreme!”
Lu Yun couldn’t be 100% sure.
After all, the higher the level of martial arts, the more energy points it consumes for promotion.
“However, upgrading the Mix Origin Technique to its limit should be more than enough!”
Lu Yun walked out of his room, found a spot in the courtyard, and prepared to start upgrading..


CHAPTER-27
Chapter 27: Chapter 27, Meridian Passage Realm

One energy point consumed!
Mix Origin Technique has advanced to Small Achievement (69%)!
One energy point consumed!
Mix Origin Technique has advanced to Small Achievement (78%)!
Consuming-
Soon, after consuming six energy points, the Mix Origin Technique has advanced to the level of Great Accomplishment (1%).
At this moment, Lu Yun felt an explosive surge of energy and blood throughout his body. Simultaneously, his bones and muscles seemed to undergo a qualitative improvement, as if every cell in his body was filled with powerful strength.
He couldn’t help but pick up the long sword placed on the chair next to him, fully exerting the Breaking Wind Saber Technique in the courtyard.
Whoosh! Whoosh!
First move, Sweeping Thousands of Armies.
The wind from the saber roared, like a gust of wind blowing across, making the fallen leaves on the ground fly into the sky.
Second move, Breaking Thousands of Mountains.
A cold light flashed across, and the floating leaves were directly penetrated by a strong force, causing numerous crushed pieces to fall.
The third move, Sweeping the Universe.
Lu Yun’s figure was so fast that it seemed like a phantom. With a wave of his saber, numerous shadows filled the sky like a dense net, instantly smashing the falling debris to pieces.
Attack speed, explosive power, and physical strength were comprehensively enhanced.
After seeing the remaining hundreds of energy values, Lu Yun didn’t hesitate and quickly chose to upgrade again.
Bang—
As soon as the thought fell, another energy point mysteriously disappeared, and the Mix Origin Technique progressed to Great Accomplishment (5%).
It felt too slow to consume only one energy point at a time; it wasn’t satisfying.
Lu Yun had a thought, and ten energy points were consumed in an instant, allowing the Mix Origin Technique to advance to Great Accomplishment (45%).
Immediately afterward, his body experienced intense pain, as if his bones were shattered by a strong force. Painful convulsions spread throughout Lu Yun’s body, causing him to break out into a cold sweat.
However, this pain didn’t last long. A warm current emerged from his heart, flowed through his body, gradually mended his bones, and relieved the previous pain.
“Just now, it should be that my physical fitness improved too much at once. My brain and memory weren’t able to keep up, so 1 felt such pain.”
After enduring the torment once, Lu Yun dared not recklessly upgrade again.
Two energy points consumed, Mix Origin Technique has advanced to Great Accomplishment (53%)!
Two energy points consumed, Mix Origin Technique has advanced to Great Accomplishment (61%)!
Consuming—
When another wave of energy points was consumed, Mix Origin Technique finally reached the limit of Great Accomplishment. Suppressing his excitement, Lu Yun carefully upgraded again.
Bang—
I’wo energy points were consumed, and immediately afterward, a powerful force surged from his body, which quickly passed through his muscles, bones, and every cell.
His energy and blood were boiling, his bones trembling, and his cells sublimating!
Lu Yun could vaguely feel the improvement in his physical quality and the sublimation of his strength.
This improvement was different from before. This time it was very comfortable, very smooth, and without any discomfort.
With the flow of time, changes gradually happened to his flesh. At the Dantian place within his body, a warm breath was born as thin as a hair. It began to flow rapidly, carefully moving throughout his body to perform tempering.
Plop!
About ten minutes later, Lu Yun heard a light sound from within his body. His body surpassed its limits once more, and the warm breath in his Dantian place became more robust.
Breaking the limit, True Qi was self-produced!
According to the Mix Origin Technique’s records, once it is practiced to the stage of Perfection, the body can achieve Perfection, and this opportunity can be used to generate True Qi inside the Dantian.
Once True Qi is produced, it signifies crossing the limit of the Enter Martial Realm, and advancing to the second realm of Martial Arts, the Meridian Passage Realm.
Soon, True Qi overflowed in the Dantian, filling it up like a small stream gradually filling a lake.
“Meridian Passage Realm, have I really broken through?!”
Lu Yun woke up from his breakthrough state.
Right away, he opened his status panel.
Name: Lu Yun
Force: Flying Spirit Martial Academy
Martial Arts: Breaking Wind Saber Technique (Perfection, non improvable), Mix Origin Technique (Perfection 1%, improvable), Pure Yang Aura (Pre-Entry, improvable).
Innate Talent: Level 5
Martial Arts: Beginner’s Stage of Meridian Passage Realm
Energy Point: 103
“Huh?”
As Lu Yun looked at the Martial Arts column on the panel, his heart couldn’t help but shake.
The Mix Origin Technique’s highest level was Perfection, and he never heard that there were levels beyond Perfection in martial arts.
Plus, the panel displayed the word “improvable.”
This was clearly telling him that there was a higher level beyond Perfection, which meant there was room for improvement in the Mix Origin Technique.
Once he realized this point, Lu Yun did not hesitate anymore and continued to improve his Mix Origin Technique.
After breaking through to the Meridian Passage Realm, his physical fitness and strength underwent a massive transformation, so he directly consumed five energy points.
Indeed, when he consumed five energy points at once, he didn’t feel any discomfort. On the contrary, because the limit was raised again, he felt a sense of comfort.
Over and over again, after upgrading seven times and consuming thirty-five energy points, the status on the panel for the Mix Origin Technique changed.
Simultaneously, the Dantian expanded again, roughly doubling in size, and produced more True Qi.
Feeling the transformation in his Dantian, the birth of more, more potent True Qi, Lu Yun couldn’t help but crow in his heart, venting his excitement.
His Dantian had practically doubled in size, meaning the limit of his True Qi was twice that of other martial artists at the same level.
This meant that just after stepping into the Meridian Passage Realm, his foundation and potential were already twice or more than that of others.
With this thought, Lu Yun couldn’t help but refocus his attention on the status panel.
Mix Origin Technique: Reach Profound (1%, improvable)
“Reach Profound…”
“No… Has the Mix Origin Technique not reached its limit? Can it still be improved?!”
As he looked at the Mix Origin Technique on the panel, which still had room for improvement, Lu Yun couldn’t help but blink, making sure he wasn’t seeing things.
“After Perfection, it’s Reach Profound, after Reach Profound, is there a higher level?”
With the thought of maximizing his foundation and potential, Lu Yun didn’t hesitate for too long and chose to improve once more.
The number of energy points gradually decreased, and his flesh was constantly trembling.
Looking at the Mix Origin Technique’s progress in cultivation, and the constantly decreasing energy points, Lu Yun was feeling both pain and joy.
When he felt his Dantian undergoing drastic changes once again, he only had thirty energy points left.
Then, he looked at the Martial Arts column on the panel again.
At this time, the Mix Origin Technique had advanced from Reach Profound to another level, Perceive Truth!
Simultaneously, the words “improvable” behind the cultivation progress had changed to “non improvable.”
So after achieving Martial Arts Perfection, it’s Reach Profound, and after Reach Profound, it’s Perceive Truth?
Could there be a higher level than Perceive Truth?
However, the Mix Origin Technique on the Perceive Truth level was abnormal, not only did it let his flesh surpass the limit again, it also expanded his Dantian by more than four times!
Lu Yun stood in the courtyard, closing his eyes to feel the powerful body, and the True Qi that overflowed in his Dantian.
If his body’s True Qi was previously a small stream, it was now a mighty river. It had multiplied several times.
“I wonder how much True Qi I have now, compared to other Meridian Passage Realm martial artists?”
Lu Yun snapped back to reality, with a rich smile on his face..


CHAPTER-28
Chapter 28: Chapter 28: Shortening Energy AccumulationTime

The Meridian Passage Realm stage mainly focuses on clearing the meridians within the body.
The higher the potential, the faster the speed of clearing the meridians, and the more numerous they will be.
Different martial arts chosen will result in different numbers of meridians being cleared.
The number of meridians determines the limit of True Qi for martial artists in the Meridian Passage Realm.
Lu Yun has just stepped into the Meridian Passage Realm, but without clearing a single meridian, his True Qi is already equivalent to that of other Meridian Passage Realm martial artists who have cleared two, three, or even four meridians.
In other words,
Now, Lu Yun’s quantity of True Qi is no weaker than that of Meridian Passage Realm martial artists who have cleared several meridians.
A few hours ago,
Lu Yun was just a mid-stage Entry Level martial artist, but now he has already reached the initial stage of the Meridian Passage Realm with his Mix Origin Technique entering the Perceive Truth Realm, and his True Qi is comparable to that of martial artists who have been in the Meridian Passage Realm for much longer.
Such a significant improvement is undoubtedly exciting.
However, he also understands that all this is because of the panel.
Without the panel, it would have taken him at least several months to achieve such an improvement with his Level 5 Innate Talent.
Moreover, this is the Martial Academy, where there are countless geniuses and strong martial artists, and the Meridian Passage Realm is nothing special.
“Although the Meridian Passage Realm is just the beginning, 1 have already surpassed many new disciples and have firmly established my footing among the elite disciples.”
“However, such a huge leap in cultivation within a single day will definitely raise suspicion. How do 1 solve this problem?”
“The excuse of taking a Body Tempering Pill obviously doesn’t work.”
Lu Yun’s smile gradually fades.
Improving from mid-stage Entry Level to the initial stage of the Meridian Passage Realm within a year is already considered good talent, barely qualifying as a small genius.
Doing so within half a year would require at least Level 4 Innate Talent or higher, and can be considered elite.
If it takes only one month, it requires at least Level 5 or even Level 6 Innate Talent, and is almost at the Martial Academy Heavenly Pride level.
For someone like Lu Yun, achieving this in less than a day’s time is something even Level 8 or Level 9 Innate Talent geniuses cannot achieve.
Lu Yun shakes his head slightly, his progress is indeed too abnormal.
“For the time being, I’ll go into seclusion for a month, and then find an excuse to show off my advancement to the Meridian Passage Realm.”
“Although 1 can’t be too abnormal, I can’t hide my talents too much either.”
Hiding one’s talents excessively may not only fail to attract the attention of the Martial Academy, but even people of little importance might not be able to recognize reality.
He suddenly recalls the displeasure Mu Qingyun showed towards him during the Martial Academy examination.
If his strength at that time was far higher than Mu Qingyun’s, the latter would definitely not dare to harbor any discontent or hostility towards him.
After all, as long as someone is not too foolish, they would not easily offend those who have far superior talent and strength.
Of course, this excludes those who are arrogant, have low intelligence, and can’t recognize reality.
Lu Yun believes that he shouldn’t encounter such people that easily.
If he really accidentally encounters them, then he could only apologize.
Collecting his thoughts, Lu Yun glances at the stone lock in the courtyard, and his heart moves as he reaches out to grab it.
The thousand-pound stone lock, although not as light as a feather, is like a toy in his hand, easily picked up.
“My current strength has completely broken through the thousand-pound limit, reaching a terrifying level.”
Lu Yun secretly estimates that his strength is probably around two to three thousand pounds, and that’s without using True Qi.
Once he uses True Qi, even he himself cannot estimate its limits.
Name: Lu Yun
Influence: Flying Spirit Martial Academy
Martial Arts: Breaking Wind Saber Technique (Perfection, non-promotable), Mix Origin Technique (Perceive Truth, non-promotable), Pure Yang Agressive Aura (Pre-Entry, promotable)
Innate Talent: Level 5
Martial Realm: Initial stage of Meridian Passage Realm
Energy Points: 30
“It’s a pity that this panel is still quite simple and can’t display more indicators. Otherwise, it would allow me to have a better grasp of my own strength.”
After putting down the stone lock, Lu Yun tidied up briefly before opening the courtyard gate and heading to the cafeteria.
Since entering the Martial Academy, he had been in seclusion for continuous cultivation, not eating for several days in a row.
Even if he had advanced to the Meridian Passage Realm, he still needed food.
Not to mention, after not eating for several days, his stomach had started to become agitated.
Both ordinary and elite disciples have their own cafeterias, which provide free meals. However, the level of the elite cafeteria is slightly higher.
By showing his identity token, Lu Yun easily entered the cafeteria.
At this time, it was dinner time and many people were already seated in the cafeteria.
He picked up some rice and dishes, and then casually chose a seat to sit down.
It had to be said that the treatment in the elite cafeteria was much better than what was described in the disciple’s handbook. Not only was it extremely rich, but it also used high-quality ingredients.
After eating everything, Lu Yun, who was hungry for several days, felt his spirits lift, and was full of energy.
“It seems that, even though my strength has improved a lot, I am still a foodie at heart!”
“Moreover, although these ingredients are not spiritual materials, they contain sufficient nutrients. I wonder if eating so much at once would help improve the accumulation of energy value.”
According to the previous rule, his energy value would automatically accumulate one every half a month.
Now, it has almost been five days since the last time his energy value increased automatically.
After having enough to eat and drink, Lu Yun returned to his residence.
Afterwards, Lu Yun mostly stayed in seclusion.
Aside from going to the cafeteria for his three meals a day, he stayed in his own courtyard, familiarizing himself with his rapidly increasing strength.
The increase in energy value was like enlightenment. Although it was all his own, he could easily use it.
However, there was a drawback – he was unable to fully adapt to so much at once and needed a process to gradually adjust.
Of course, this was because his progress had taken such a huge leap.
Lu Yun guessed that if the improvement was smaller, such a problem would not arise.
New martial arts disciples have the opportunity to go to lectures by martial arts teachers every week. People like Lu Yun, who enter the martial arts academy as elite disciples, can even consult martial arts teachers privately about cultivation bottlenecks and other martial arts knowledge.
However, Lu Yun didn’t take this seriously.
He only needed to add points for his cultivation practice. As long as he had enough energy value, there would be no bottlenecks.
At least so far, he had not encountered any bottlenecks.
And so, Lu Yun remained low-key like an invisible person, going back and forth between his residence and the elite cafeteria.
During this time, he didn’t have any contact or communication with others.
In Lu Yun’s opinion, engaging in meaningless socializing was not only useless, but it was also a waste of time.
Only by improving his own strength can he stand tall.
Otherwise, when facing powerful enemies, having the panel would still be useless in the end.
In the blink of an eye, half a month had passed.
“I didn’t expect it to take me so long to adapt and consolidate this upgrade,” sighed Lu Yun. When he upgraded his Breaking Wind Saber Technique, he didn’t bother to consolidate it. It was as if he was born to adapt to it.
However, it was different for the Mix Origin Technique. It took him a full half month to adapt, consolidate, and get used to it.
Lu Yun surmised that martial arts related to killing techniques had a smaller impact on physical improvement, so he adapted quickly, even being able to instantly adapt and function effectively.
But Mix Origin Technique, which is more of an internal martial arts, had a significant improvement on the physical body. It was almost like a metamorphosis, so it took a relatively long time to adapt.
During this half-month, in addition to adapting and consolidating his rapidly increasing strength, he also had other gains.
That is, he discovered that the time required to accumulate one energy value had been reduced by more than half.
Previously, it took half a month to accumulate one energy value.
Now, it only takes seven days..


CHAPTER-29
Chapter 29: Chapter 29, Pure Yang Aggressive Aura

Name: Lu Yun
Force: Flying Spirit Martial Academy
Martial Arts: Breaking Wind Saber Technique (Perfection, cannot be upgraded), Mix Origin Technique (Perceive Truth, cannot be upgraded), Pure Yang Aura (Pre-Entry, can be upgraded)
Innate Talent: Level 5
Martial Arts: Early-stage of Meridian Passage Realm
Energy Value: 33
Seeing the ordinary and simple panel on the screen, Lu Yun understood that this was the basis for his foothold in this world, and he needed to study and utilize it well.
Now, the time for energy accumulation is shortened.
Does this mean that as long as the cultivation base breaks through, the time for energy accumulation will be reduced?
If that’s the case, his efficiency in obtaining Energy Value in the future will be greatly improved.
“The current main task is to fully convert the Energy Value into strength, and then go out to obtain treasures that can be converted into Energy Value.”
Lu Yun murmured and then prepared to start upgrading his Pure Yang Aura.
If it were not for his strength skyrocketing so much before, and he hadn’t fully adapted yet, he would have wanted to upgrade his Pure Yang Aura and open up his body’s meridians long ago.
After half a month’s time, he had fully adapted to the surge in strength and gained full control of it.
It can be said that everything is ready, just waiting for the right moment.
Dong Dong!
Just then, the courtyard door was suddenly knocked.
Lu Yun furrowed his brows, as he had hardly had any contact with other people since coming to the Martial Academy, and no one should be looking for him.
Despite his doubts, he still went out and opened the door.
Creak!
Lu Yun opened the door and saw a middle-aged man with an average build and a frosty face standing in front of him.
“Greetings, Elder Zhang!”
The visitor was named Zhang Zicheng, who was an elder in the Martial Academy, responsible for the cultivation and daily life of their batch of new disciples.
Lu Yun didn’t know Zhang Zicheng very well, having only met him once before. The sudden visit was unexpected for him.
Seeing Lu Yun coming out, Zhang Zicheng’s frosty face gradually softened, and his eyes flickered.
In an instant, Lu Yun felt as if his entire body had been seen through by the other party.
“Lu Yun, isn’t it? Why haven’t 1 seen you in the lecture hall for such a long time?”
“Do you think that you can surpass the instruction of the Martial Academy teachers by practicing in seclusion, or do you think that you are powerful enough to no longer need to attend the lecture hall?”
Although Zhang Zicheng’s face was no longer as ugly as before, he still gave Lu Yun a fierce scolding.
“Junior had just received the assessment reward, and my cultivation base was at the crucial stage of breaking through, so I spent some time in solo cultivation.” Lu Yun spoke in a calm tone, while slightly releasing some of his aura.
He had fully adapted to and mastered his skyrocketing strength during this period, and he could control it at will. If he didn’t make a move, most people would not notice it.
He wasn’t sure if Zhang Zicheng knew about his cultivation base, so he made a slight display.
Being an elder in the Martial Academy, Zhang Zicheng naturally saw through Lu Yun’s little trick with a glance, and chuckled in his heart.
With his strength and realm, he naturally could see Lu Yun’s cultivation base at a glance.
However, Lu Yun’s rapid breakthrough did arouse his curiosity.
“1 remember you were only at the mid-stage of Enter Martial Realm when you started, and now, in just half a month, you have already broken through to the Meridian Passage Realm. Even if you fully consumed three Body Tempering Pills, it should not have allowed you to break through so quickly, right?”
“I exchanged one Meridian Pill with Senior Brother Duan Qing for six additional Body Tempering Pills. Plus, I practiced hard for several days, barely managing to break through.” Lu Yun explained.
He initially wanted to wait a while longer before showing his strength, but since the other party had already come to him, there was no need to wait that long.
Sure enough.
Zhang Zicheng nodded slightly upon hearing this.
“Even so, your breakthrough in such a short time must have come with tremendous hard work. Otherwise, it would not be possible for you with your Level 5 innate talent to break through in such a short time.
In the path of martial arts, one must strike a balance between tension and relaxation. Although studying behind closed doors can lead to decent progress in a short amount of time, it is insufficient for reaching the peak.
Next, you must make time to attend lectures and listen to the insights of the Martial Academy teachers. Absorbing their experience will be beneficial for your future cultivation and growth.”
After a brief expression of praise, Zhang Zicheng returned to the main topic.
In Zhang Zicheng’s view, Lu Yun’s rapid breakthrough to the Meridian Passage Realm likely indicated innate talent close to a 5-star pinnacle. After all, he had never heard of other five-star ordinary-talent disciples making such progress within half a month.
Even typical five-star pinnacle talents might not be able to achieve this.
Invisibly, his appreciation for Lu Yun increased once more.
“Besides the lecture hall, the Myriad Phenomena Tower is also a good place.” “Myriad Phenomena Tower?” A glint flashed in Lu Yun’s eyes.
It was stated in the disciple’s manual that the Myriad Phenomena Tower had thirty floors, and passing each floor would grant contribution points.
Within the Martial Academy, contribution points were the medium for all transactions, and taels of silver were of no use.
He needed contribution points to exchange for pills like Body Tempering Pill and Meridian Pill.
Originally, he planned to enter the Myriad Phenomena Tower right after increasing his Pure Yang Aura.
Unexpectedly, Zhang Zicheng had brought it up himself.
Seeing Lu Yun’s change in expression, Zhang Zicheng mistakenly thought the other was wary of the Myriad Phenomena Tower and couldn’t help but explain further.
“For Martial Academy disciples, the Myriad Phenomena Tower is not simply a place for annual assessment.
It is also a cultivation holy ground. By fighting to the death with the Demon Beasts manifested by the tower, you can hone your martial arts and enhance your strength to the utmost.
Since you just made a breakthrough, you can try entering the Myriad Phenomena Tower. This will be of great help in stabilizing your strength.”
In the past, he wouldn’t have bothered to elaborate further.
However, seeing Lu Yun’s significant improvement in just a half a month, it was clear he was a potential genius. He might grow to great heights in the future.
Helping him during his weak phase was like sending charcoal in the snow.
Perhaps in the future, once Lu Yun had grown stronger, he would remember the past favor and bring considerable returns and assistance.
With this thought, his gaze towards Lu Yun gradually softened.
“Thank you for your guidance, Elder Zhang.” Lu Yun expressed his gratitude with a bow.
“You continue working hard, strive to leave the elite disciples’ ranks and enter the Star Palace as soon as possible.” Encouraged by Zhang Zicheng, Lu Yun left to ponder.
Lu Yun fell into deep thought in the courtyard.
“It seems I’ve been too cautious.”
Zhang Zicheng, as an elder, was only slightly surprised and astonished by Lu Yun’s breakthrough to the Meridian Passage Realm within such a short time.
With that in mind, achieving such a breakthrough in half a month wasn’t as much of a monstrously talented feat as Lu Yun had imagined.
Or perhaps, there were disciples in the academy who had accomplished similar breakthroughs before.
Regardless, this experience provided new thoughts for Lu Yun.
“Perhaps in the future, 1 could afford to display even more monstrous talent.”
Lu Yun secretly planned in his heart.
With thirty-three energy points remaining, he planned to devote them all to the Pure Yang Aura. Once his strength improved, he would head to the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
Lu Yun began recalling the details of the Pure Yang Aura.
The reason why Pure Yang Aura was challenging to learn at the Entry Level was that it required transforming all the True Qi in the Dantian into aggressive aura – a difficult task for many talents.
However, this was relatively easy for Lu Yun.
“Upgrade!”
Ten energy points were consumed in an instant, and the Pure Yang aggressive aura upgraded to Entry Level (1%).
In that moment, the True Qi within his Dantian began to undergo a qualitative change, transforming towards the aggressive aura.
Pure Yang aggressive aura belonged to the scope of True Qi, but its intensity far exceeded that of regular True Qi.
The transformation process lasted for an hour before finally stopping. A vast aura erupted from Lu Yun’s body, filling the entire courtyard..


CHAPTER-30
Chapter 30: Chapter 30: Deterrence

With a thought from Lu Yun, the pure and unyielding Pure Yang Aura erupted like a sharp arrow shooting out.
Boom! A crack appeared in the 300 pounds stone lock on the ground.
“Is this Pure Yang Aura? It’s so powerful!”
Lu Yun couldn’t help but feel astonished.
Although the amount of Pure Yang Aura was about half of his previous True Qi, it greatly boosted his strength in a way that his previous True Qi could never compare with.
He didn’t waste time and continued to add points.
Since there were no adverse effects after consuming ten energy points at once, this meant that his physical body must have undergone a transformation, and its ability to withstand energy points has also improved.
This continuous consumption of energy points twice resulted in his Pure Yang Aura reaching Small Achievement (1%).
As his Dantian started filling up with Pure Yang Aura, it began to head towards the first meridian.
Puchi!
With a crisp sound, Lu Yun’s first meridian was opened, and the aggressive aura circulated within his body.
“It was opened so easily?” Feeling the surge of aggressive aura, Lu Yun was overjoyed.
For martial artists in the Meridian Passage Realm, their meridians are like rivers, True Qi is like flowing water, and the Dantian is a lake where the True Qi circulates.
As the number of meridians increases, the circulating True Qi also increases, resulting in a higher amount of True Qi in the Dantian.
Now that Lu Yun has opened the first meridian, his aggressive aura began to increase rapidly, flowing along the meridians into the Dantian, and repeating the cycle.
After the first meridian was opened, the aggressive aura in the Dantian went towards the second meridian.
Chi!
Before long, the second meridian was opened, and the amount of aggressive aura surged again.
Chi! The third meridian was opened, and the aggressive aura increased dramatically!
Chi! The fourth meridian was opened, and the aggressive aura increased dramatically!
Four meridians had been opened in one go, and the boost that Pure Yang Aura brought to Lu Yun when it reached Small Achievement finally stopped.
“What a mighty aggressive aura!”
Lu Yun felt stronger than ever before.
Four meridians were all filled with Pure Yang Aura, like a mighty river rushing forward.
“It’s truly a top-notch martial art, just at Small Achievement, it has opened four meridians, and the power is so fierce.”
Overjoyed, Lu Yun opened his panel.
Name: Lu Yun
Faction: Flying Spirit Martial Academy
Martial Arts: Breaking Wind Saber Technique (perfection, unimprovable), Mix Origin Technique (perceive the truth, unimprovable), Pure Yang Aura (Small Achievement 1%)
Innate Talent: Level 5
Martial Arts: Meridian Passage Realm Intermediate Stage (four meridians)
Energy Value: 3
“It’s time to go to the Myriad Phenomena Tower!”
An hour later.
Lu Yun appeared before a huge tower.
There was a bustling crowd around, and Lu Yun even spotted several familiar faces from Cloud Water County.
“Lu Yun, with your mere Enter Martial Realm middle stage cultivation, you think of challenging the Myriad Phenomena Tower?” Mu Qingyun walked up to Lu Yun with a mocking look on his face.
At the same time, a powerful aura erupted from his body, clearly at the peak of the Enter Martial Realm, only one step away from the Meridian Passage Realm.
Lu Yun couldn’t help but frown, thinking to himself, “Why did I encounter this guy? Is he trying to force me to slap him in the face?”
“Little Brother Mu, Lu Yun is an elite disciple, and he’s considered our senior brother. You should show some respect, or else be careful, he might make things difficult for you.”
Suddenly, a young man walked over, his face full of contempt, and a stronger aura emanating from his body.
Obviously, this person’s cultivation was even more advanced than Mu Qingyun’s, having already broken through to the Meridian Passage Realm.
“Chen Tianqi?”
Seeing this young man, Lu Yun began to recall his name in his mind, and he did succeed in remembering it.
Chen Tianqi performed extraordinarily well in the assessment, with a top Level 4 Innate Talent, his natural talent was only below Xiao Chen and Lu Yun.
As for his strength, he had reached the peak of the Enter Martial Realm, scoring 91 points on the Measuring Strength Pillar, making him the second strongest among the disciples from Cloud Water County.
“Oh? I didn’t expect that ‘Senior Brother Lu’ would remember a little brother like me; this is quite a surprise?”
Chen Tianqi put heavy emphasis on the words ‘Senior Brother Lu’, attracting the attention of the people around him.
“Elite disciples are not unchangeable, especially those newcomers who just entered the Entry Level. If they can’t break through to the Meridian Passage Realm within a year, they will be demoted to ordinary disciples.” Mu Qingyun pretended not to understand Chen Tianqi’s words and said sarcastically on the side.
“Brother Mu, don’t forget that our Lu Yun is a Level 5 Innate Talent genius. Isn’t breaking into the Meridian Passage Realm as simple as drinking water for him?”
“I know that, of course. But that’s true only under the condition that he has abundant cultivation resources. Otherwise, he wouldn’t be able to break through from the early stage of the Enter Martial Realm to the Meridian Passage Realm within a year, hehe…”
Watching the two of them arguing, Lu Yun felt speechless in his heart.
Other transmigrators always encounter such matters: they either have sharp tongues, or they like to pretend to be weak while being strong, or their natural talent is indeed not up to par.
But why had things changed when it came to him?
First, he hadn’t offended them; secondly, his natural talent wasn’t bad either. Yet, some people still wanted to provoke him for no reason, which was quite strange.
Could it be that all transmigrators had to experience being mocked and then proving themselves in order to show the uniqueness of being a transmigrator?
“Lu Yun, you should go back and practice well before coming to Myriad Phenomena Tower, otherwise you’ll lose face for Cloud Water County!” Mu Qingyun said coldly.
“Oh? Why would I lose face for Cloud Water County?” Lu Yun couldn’t help but ask.
“Think about it. A proud genius with the second highest talent in Cloud Water County, one of only two Level 5 Innate Talents, fails to pass even the first level of the Myriad Phenomena Tower. Wouldn’t that bring shame upon the entire Cloud Water County?”
“If anything, it would be me who loses face, not Cloud Water County. And what does it have to do with you?”
Lu Yun said calmly before walking past Mu Qingyun and Chen Tianqi towards the direction of the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
Whoosh!
Mu Qingyun suddenly appeared in front of Lu Yun to block his path, sneering, “If you can withstand one move from me, I’ll let you enter the Myriad Phenomena Tower. How about that?”
Ever since the assessment, Mu Qingyun had been harboring dissatisfaction with Lu Yun, but he hadn’t found the right opportunity. Now, having just made a breakthrough and encountering Lu Yun in such a place, he naturally wanted to make things difficult for him.
“Brother Mu, what are you doing? We’re all from Cloud Water County. Don’t hurt our harmony!”
Chen Tianqi stood to the side, watching the drama unfold, arms folded and smiling.
“Because we’re all from Cloud Water County, I must test his strength.” Mu Qingyun chimed in, then looked at Lu Yun, saying, “You can’t even handle one move from me, can you? If that’s the case, you’d better scram!”
Lu Yun glanced at Mu Qingyun in front of him, then looked at Chen Tianqi watching the drama from the sidelines, and shook his head slightly, calmly saying, “Do you know what a jumping clown is?”
Mu Qingyun was taken aback for a moment, apparently not expecting Lu Yun to remain so calm in the face of his provocations and taunts.
“You’re saying we’re jumping clowns?” Realizing what Lu Yun meant, Mu Qingyun flew into a rage.
“A jumping clown is someone who barely has some strength, yet acts arrogantly and doesn’t recognize the situation, foolishly courting death.”
Lu Yun’s words instantly turned Mu Qingyun’s face dark green.
“Humph, let’s see who the real jumping clown is!” Mu Qingyun snorted coldly, his powerful aura, belonging to the Enter Martial Realm, exploded out. He charged at Lu Yun with lightning speed.
“Hmph, just because you have some talent, you think you’re unrivaled!” Chen Tianqi’s face was gloomy as he coldly watched Lu Yun, waiting to see his humiliation after being defeated by Mu Qingyun.
The others also adopted a posture of watching a good show and gathered around too.
Mu Qingyun’s anger and jealousy erupted in his chest as he rushed in front of Lu Yun, throwing a heavy punch at him. The powerful momentum on his fist surged out, creating an astonishing noise.
Boom!
Suddenly, there was a muffled groan, and to everyone’s amazement, they felt a strong aggressive aura erupt followed by Mu Qingyun being sent flying, crashing heavily into the ground more than ten meters away. His abdomen was slightly caved in, and blood gushed from his mouth.
Lu Yun calmly withdrew his right hand, glanced at an astonished Chen Tianqi without saying a single word, and walked away without looking back.
Sometimes, a single look could be far more intimidating than any harsh words!


CHAPTER-31
Chapter 31: Chapter 31: Myriad Phenomena Tower

“How could he be so strong!” Mu Qingyun spat out a mouthful of blood, his eyes seeing stars. He shakily got up from the ground, looking deathly pale.
“He has already broken through to the Meridian Passage Realm, and it’s not just a simple breakthrough!”
Chen Tianqi spoke with lingering fear, recalling Lu Yun’s formidable explosive power and speed. He wondered if he could have withstood it.
The answer was obviously no.
“Impossible!” Mu Qingyun’s face turned ashen as he muttered in a daze, “He was only at the Entry Level of the Enter Martial Realm during the last assessment, and it hasn’t even been a month since then. How could he have progressed so quickly?”
“You doubt my judgment?” Chen Tianqi coldly glanced at him and said.
“No!” Mu Qingyun couldn’t help but shiver when stared at by Chen Tianqi.
“Hmph, this person isn’t someone you or I can afford to offend, so I advise you to give up your little schemes.”
“In addition, from now on, we should go our separate ways!”
With that, Chen Tianqi turned around and left.
In less than a month, Lu Yun had broken through several realms. He wasn’t just slightly more talented than Chen Tianqi.
Although he was arrogant, he didn’t overestimate himself. After realizing the situation, he immediately distanced himself from the short-sighted Mu Qingyun.
“I thought it would be an interesting show, but it turned out to be nothing but a farce.” Disappointed, the audience sneered at the bewildered Mu Qingyun and left.
From the crowd, the handsome Xiao Chen slowly walked out, gazing thoughtfully at Lu Yun’s retreating figure.
“He has successfully cultivated the Pure Yang Aura?”
“Haha, Junior Brother Lu, we meet again.”
Lu Yun hadn’t gone far when a voice came from a nearby location. Following the sound, he saw a round-faced young man approaching.
At one glance, he recognized the other party as Duan Qing, the one who had given him the assessment reward last time.
Not to mention Lu Yun’s memory, Duan Qing’s distinctive appearance had left a deep impression on him.
Looking at the direction Duan Qing had come from, it seemed he had just left the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
“Junior Brother Lu, it looks like there’s something different about you this time. Have you made a significant breakthrough in your cultivation?” Duan Qing’s pudgy face had squinted eyes, sizing up Lu Yun from head to toe.
Lu Yun smiled slightly. As he reached the entry-level of cultivating the Pure Yang Aura, he produced a faint yet resolute and positive aura.
Upon bringing it to a small achievement, the resolute and positive aura had been amplified, allowing Duan Qing to detect some clues.
Lu Yun wasn’t one to show off. He responded with vague answers for a few sentences before changing the subject.
“This is my first time at the Myriad Phenomena Tower, and my knowledge of it comes only from the disciples’ manual. I wonder if Senior Brother Duan can give me some pointers.” As he spoke, Lu Yun looked ahead.
The thirty-story Myriad Phenomena Tower stood about thirty meters tall in the spacious square. It looked grand and imposing, full of majesty.
Next to the Myriad Phenomena Tower stood a massive jade wall. Its surface was as smooth as a mirror, with numerous names shimmering on it.
Each name had a number in front of it, ranging from one to one hundred and eight.
Duan Qing squinted his eyes and nodded, looking at the Myriad Phenomena Tower as he chuckled:
“Hehe, this Myriad Phenomena Tower is a spirit artifact, one of the foundations of the Martial Academy. It’s a level above treasure artifacts and possesses mysterious and unpredictable abilities, such as the ability to create demon beasts of the sixth rank and below for disciples to battle within!” “Treasure Artifact? Spirit Artifact? Demon Beasts?”
Lu Yun was mildly surprised. He only knew about True Artifacts and Mysterious Instruments, whereas he was clueless about anything above the Mysterious Instruments.
From what Duan Qing had said, it seemed that treasure artifacts were above the mysterious instruments, and spirit artifacts were above the treasure artifacts.
In other words, the Myriad Phenomena Tower was several levels higher than the Black Boat.
Comparing spirit artifacts, Lu Yun was more curious about demon beasts.
The parents of his current body had died in a beast tide, and he held no goodwill towards demon beasts. If he encountered them, he definitely wouldn’t show any mercy.
However, he had never encountered a demon beast before, having only met a wolf that didn’t even qualify as a rank one demon beast.
During his time in the Martial Academy, he had learned some information about demon beasts.
The Nine Martial Realms were the Enter Martial Realm, Meridian Passage Realm, True Qi Realm, Transforming Origin Realm, Origin Fluid Realm, Golden Body Realm, Rune Seed Realm, Golden Core Realm, and Heavenly Human
Realm.
These nine martial realms corresponded to demon beasts of ranks one to nine.
In other words, even the weakest rank one demon beast was equivalent to a martial artist in the Enter Martial Realm.
The Myriad Phenomena Tower could spawn demon beasts equivalent to martial artists in the Golden Body Realm, making it exceptionally powerful. “Have you seen that jade wall? That’s the Myriad Phenomena Jade Wall. The people listed on it are the true Heavenly Prides of the Martial Academy, with their cultivation levels being at least the late stage of the Transforming Origin Realm.”
“The Myriad Phenomena Jade Wall only records the top one hundred and eight performers in the Myriad Phenomena Tower. Once you’re on that wall, you become a prominent figure in the Flying Spirit Martial Academy and even the entire Spirit Martial Prefecture.”
“Hehe, my current main goal is to make a name for myself on that wall, and I’m getting closer and closer to it.”
Lu Yun took a look at the chubby young man in front of him. Despite his rotund appearance, he seemed to possess an extraordinary temperament and even gave Lu Yun a faint feeling of danger.
For someone to make the current Lu Yun feel a sense of danger, it could only mean that their cultivation was above the Meridian Passage Realm.
Duan Qing continued, “Although the Myriad Phenomena Tower is thirty stories tall, it can actually be divided into four levels: The first to tenth floors correspond to ordinary disciples and elite disciples.
The eleventh to fifteenth floors correspond to the second level, suitable for Star Palace disciples.
The sixteenth to twentieth floors correspond to the third level, suitable for Bright Moon Hall disciples.
The twenty-first to thirtieth floors correspond to the fourth level. Those who can enter the twenty-first floor have a chance to compete for a ranking on the Myriad Phenomena Jade Wall!”
Lu Yun tentatively asked, “I heard that as long as you pass the tenth floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower, you not only don’t have to attend lectures in the classroom but also won’t have to worry about being expelled from the Martial Academy. Is that true or false?”
“Why go to the classroom after passing the tenth floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower and becoming a Star Palace disciple? It’s a waste of time!”
Duan Qing gave Lu Yun a blank look, seeming to disdain him for asking such an idiotic question.
After all, the strength of most Star Hall disciples was not worse than that of ordinary Martial Academy teachers.
Lu Yun’s expression shifted slightly. “Then, what level of proficiency is required to pass the tenth floor?”
“It’s hard to say. Some people can pass the tenth floor while in the True Qi Realm, while others need to reach the mid to late stages of the True Qi Realm.”
“Like the most talented person in our batch, Meng Hongfei, who passed the eleventh floor immediately after breaking through to the True Qi Realm, thus becoming a Star Palace disciple.”
When Duan Qing mentioned Meng Hongfei, his expression became somewhat unnatural. In Lu Yun’s opinion, it contained a mix of envy and complexity..


CHAPTER-32
Chapter 32: Chapter 32, The Sword is Drawn, Demon Slaying

Although Lu Yun vaguely guessed that there was some story between Duan Qing and Meng Hongfei, he didn’t bring it up and instead asked indirectly.
“1 noticed that Senior Brother’s aura is quite vigorous. You should have already advanced to the True Qi Realm. Could you pass the tenth floor?”
“Although I have already advanced to the True Qi Realm, when 1 entered the tenth floor, 1 only lasted for a dozen breaths before being blasted out.” Duan Qing said with a wry smile.
Lu Yun couldn’t help but glance at Duan Qing again. He had just tried to test him, but he didn’t expect to guess correctly – the plump young man before him was indeed at the True Qi Realm.
“Although the Demon Beasts within the Myriad Phenomena Tower are evolved, their strength isn’t much different from real ones, and there’s more than one.” “Oh?” Lu Yun asked in confusion, “Isn’t it one-on-one?”
“Hehe, if it were only one-on-one, 1 would definitely pass the tenth floor with my strength.”
“The number of Demon Beasts on each floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower is uncertain. There may be only one or even a hundred, but one thing is certain: the higher the floors, the more terrifying they are, and the difficulty of clearing them is much higher than the previous one.”
After explaining, Duan Qing continued, “Every year, new disciples enter the Martial Academy, which causes a storm. Many people of your generation have already entered the Myriad Phenomena Tower and caused quite a stir.
The most outstanding among them are Ma Yunfei, Xiao Chen, and Bai Haoxuan.”
Hearing these names, Lu Yun’s pupils slightly shrank.
Xiao Chen and Ma Yunfei both possess Level 5 top-grade Innate Talent, while Bai Haoxuan has the unique Level 6 Innate Talent, making them the most talented disciples of their generation.
Even with Lu Yun’s indifferent mindset, he couldn’t help but be curious about their Myriad Phenomena Tower achievements.
Seeing Lu Yun’s expression, Duan Qing smiled faintly and didn’t plan to hold him in suspense, saying, “Among the three, Bai Haoxuan is the most powerful. Ten days ago, he entered the Myriad Phenomena Tower for the first time and rushed straight to the seventh floor, defeating a Second Rank peak Demon Beast before being blasted out.
Xiao Chen and Ma Yunfei were slightly behind, but they also reached the sixth floor, defeating nine and seven mid-Second Rank Demon Beasts, respectively.
This record has surpassed many veteran elite disciples, causing a great sensation.”
Upon hearing this, Lu Yun’s eyes flickered.
Half a month ago, Xiao Chen was only at the early stages of the Meridian Passage Realm. After entering the Martial Academy and receiving the rewards, he could have trained up to the middle stages of the Meridian Passage Realm at most, yet he managed to reach the sixth floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
Now, Lu Yun himself was also in the middle stages of the Meridian Passage Realm, having cultivated his Pure Yang True Qi to a small achievement. How many floors could he reach?
“Eager to find out how you compare to the most outstanding Heavenly Prides?”
Duan Qing said with a playful smile, “I was like you back then, but they are already Star Hall disciples, while 1 still linger in the elite disciple rankings.”
“Senior Brother has already advanced to the True Qi Realm, so I’m sure the tenth floor won’t hold you back for long.”
Lu Yun complimented him before turning his gaze towards the Myriad Phenomena Tower. His entire disposition suddenly changed, becoming high-spirited.
“As for me, 1 am indeed a bit eager to see the strength of the Demon Beasts on the sixth and seventh floors and whether they can stop me.”
With that, Lu Yun quickly disappeared into the Myriad Phenomena Tower under Duan Qing’s astonished gaze.
Lu Yun’s voice had been loud, causing many people around to take notice.
“Hehe, this Junior Brother is quite arrogant, aiming to get through the sixth or even the seventh floor on his first entry to the Myriad Phenomena Tower. Who does he think he is?”
“It’s normal. Most people who enter the Martial Academy for the first time think they’re Heavenly Prides, able to clear ten floors in a year, twenty in three years, and fully pass the Myriad Phenomena Tower in ten. But once they really enter the tower and experience the Demon Beasts’ formidable strength themselves, they’ll come to terms with the cruel reality and gradually accept their mediocrity.”
Hearing these mocking words, Duan Qing said indifferently, “This Junior Brother Lu is a Level 5 Innate Talent. Even if he can’t pass the sixth floor this time, he’ll pass it easily next time!”
After hearing Duan Qing’s words, those who had mocked before were stunned and at a loss for words.
Nor did they dare to refute.
Duan Qing was an extraordinary figure, one of the outstanding individuals of the previous generation, now promoted to the True Qi Realm. In not too long, he would make even more progress, escaping the elite disciple status and becoming a disciple of the Star Hall.
Some people with thin skins felt overwhelmed by shame and lowered their heads.
Clearly, the Level 5 Innate Talent already belongs to the top-grade talents in the Martial Academy.
“Instead of mocking others, it’s better to watch how they quickly clear stages, use them as motivation to improve yourself, and try to avoid being expelled from the Martial Academy.”
While speaking, Duan Qing’s gaze fell upon the names on the Myriad Phenomena Jade Wall. His eyes almost narrowed into a single line, unable to block the sharpness that emanated from them.
The moment he entered the Myriad Phenomena Tower, Lu Yun felt disoriented. The surroundings suddenly changed, and he found himself in a different space.
This was a desolate wasteland, with a dark sky shrouded in black clouds, allowing him to see only a few dozen feet around him.
Lu Yun could clearly distinguish that this was within the Myriad Phenomena Tower, and it gave him a completely different feeling than the outside world.
“My body has completely entered the Myriad Phenomena Tower. If I’m not mistaken, a Demon Beast will appear soon. However, if I can’t defeat it, what will be the outcome?”
Thinking about this, Lu Yun furrowed his brows.
Although he knew that nothing would happen even if he failed, he couldn’t help but worry.
After all, in the Myriad Phenomena Tower, either the Demon Beast dies, or the challenger perishes!
“How does the Myriad Phenomena Tower ensure the safety of Martial Academy disciples? Or is the mystery of the spirit artifact far beyond my understanding?”
At that moment, Lu Yun suddenly emerged from his thoughts and looked straight ahead, where shimmering ripples appeared not far away.
Immediately, a huge, blurry figure appeared in the darkness. Judging from its outline, it was much larger than the wild wolf he had previously slain on Cloud Dream Mountain.
Lu Yun squinted his eyes, lightly holding the hilt of his blade with his right hand, focusing intently on the shadow.
Whoosh!
Like a gust of wind whistling by, the shadow’s figure rapidly enlarged, and its outline and appearance fully emerged before Lu Yun’s eyes.
Silver-white fur, scarlet-red eyes, strong limbs, and a massive frame – this was a Silver Moon Wolf Demon, pouncing towards Lu Yun at incredible speed.
A cold killing intent and powerful Demon energy made it seem like a real Demon Beast, not an evolution created by the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
For most people encountering a Demon Beast’s erupting aura for the first time, they’ll likely be scared and won’t be able to fully wield 80% of their strength.
But Lu Yun was different. He had ventured into Cloud Dream Mountain, killed wild wolves, and also eliminated horse bandits on the way to Cloud Water County.
Although he was not even eleven years old, his two experiences, coupled with his previous life’s twenty years of experience, made him fearless.
Remaining calm and adjusting his breath, Qi surged from his Dantian and rushed through his meridians at the fastest speed, gathering at his long blade. Blade drawn, Demon slain!


CHAPTER-33
Chapter 33: Chapter 33, Easily Crushing

An aggressive aura as sharp as an arrow, a saber light as bright as the silver moon,
Boom!!
Lu Yun’s powerful Pure Yang aggressive aura suppressed the silver moon demon wolf’s energy. His saber streaked across like a cold ray, pushing the demon beast back a dozen yards.
His body, tempered to the limits of its potential not once but twice, exploded with speed and strength. He barely moved, his feet flickered like lightning and he instantly caught up with the demon wolf. His aggressive aura enchanced his saber, easily piercing through the wolf.
The demon wolf let out a tragic howl, before dissipating into twinkling silver stars and disappearing before Lu Yun.
“I see!”
Watching the scene unfold before him, Lu Yun’s expression turned to comprehension.
The demon beasts conjured by the Myriad Phenomena Tower were essentially concentrations of energy. They only took the form of demon beasts without their corresponding strength.
For example, the previous demon wolf’s energy was extremely weak, easily shattered and not as ferocious as he imagined.
Thus it could be said that the power level of the monsters inside the Myriad Phenomena Tower was significantly weaker than real, existing monsters.
Especially for someone like Lu Yun who had greatly improved his power, handling these creatures was as easy as chopping vegetables. He could defeat foes with ease without taking the encounter seriously.
Of course, this was only easy for Lu Yun. For other new students, the first floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower proved a significant roadblock. It was extremely difficult!
Demon beasts were often much stronger than fellow martial artists at the same rank, and even the energy form demon beasts of the Myriad Phenomena Tower were not to be trifled with by an everyday martial artist.
If one did not possess exceptional talent or some other means to overcome these monsters, there was only one result: be crushed by demon beasts.
The only fortunate thing was that one could not die within the Myriad Phenomena Tower, which allowed many students earnestly trying to climb the Myriad Phenomena Tower’s ranks to battle without fear for their lives, drastically increasing their odds of success.
After the Silver Moon Demon Wolf dispersed into energy, an transparent wall suddenly appeared before him almost instantly.
Lu Yun found this wall familiar, its shape resembled the outer Myriad Phenomena Jade Wall.
The only difference was that instead of numerous names crowded onto it, there was a single instruction on this transparent wall.
“Having passed the first floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower, you are eligible to leave your name here.”
Lu Yun remained silent. He swung his sword, his aggressive aura erupted, colliding against the wall. He carved the Chinese characters for “Lu Yun” in a split second!
The characters were elegantly written. Lu Yun found it very pleasing to the eye and nodded unconsciously.
After that, the characters on the wall changed, they morphed into neat printing. Then, an image of Lu Yun also appeared on the wall.
It lasted for about one breath. The wall flickered with ripples, and the name and image of Lu Yun disappeared.
Lu Yun was taken aback, he hadn’t expected this level of technology.
No wonder they say it’s a legendary spirit artifact!
Although Lu Yun harbored some resistance towards the Myriad Phenomena Tower changing his beautifully crafted autograph, he was prodded to think otherwise.
But really, who has the right to object when they find themselves inside another’s body?
Just at this moment, a swirling vortex, much like a portal, appeared in front of him.
“Is this the entrance to the next floor?”
Murmuring to himself, Lu Yun flashed forward and entered the vortex.
In the outside world.
A large number of people were standing in the broad plaza.
Duan Qing was there too, his gaze still fixated on the top of the Myriad Phenomena Jade Wall.
This area was also part of the Myriad Phenomena Jade Wall, responsible for updating in real time the status of those within the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
Since there was currently no major movement within the Myriad Phenomena Tower, the current top ten on the Jade Wall were displayed, and all profiles remained static.
The reason Duan Qing was watching this particular area of the Jade Wall was because he knew that there would soon be a change here.
Whenever there was a significant disturbance within the Myriad Phenomena Tower, or when a newcomer manages to pass the first layer and leaves their name and image, the current top ten rankings would be replaced.
However, the displayed information would only last briefly, about the time it takes for one breath.
If one wishes to maintain their record on display here, they would have to quickly clear the subsequent floors, thereby getting the attention of the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
“It’s moving!” A disciple who was previously spectating exclaimed when his gaze unwittingly strayed towards the top. He was absolutely gobsmacked. “What’s moving? What’s moving?”
People around him looked at him questioningly, then followed his pointing finger to look in that direction. Their expressions changed immediately.
Because that inconspicuous area at the top of the Myriad Phenomena Jade Wall was displaying a new message.
“Congratulations to Lu Yun for passing the first floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower.”
Almost simultaneously, a second message appeared.
“Congratulations to Lu Yun for passing the second floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower.”
They had all been in the Myriad Phenomena Tower before and naturally knew the process of passing the first floor, leaving their name and image, and that it took some time.
The subsequent Myriad Phenomena Tower floors didn’t require any such procedures, it was all about fighting.
Lu Yun’s information had only just been recorded by the Myriad Phenomena Tower when a message displayed his passing of the second floor.
Meaning that Lu Yun virtually passed the second floor instantly.
“If I remember correctly, the second floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower had ten peak First Rank demon beasts.”
“That’s correct, ten peak First Rank demon beasts. They are much more terrifying than four peak martial artists in the Enter Martial Realm. Even beginning level martial artists in the Meridian Passage Realm might struggle against them.”
“When I first advanced to the Meridian Passage Realm, I was held back by the second floor. Later on, 1 drained a big chunk of my energy just to defeat those ten demon beasts and advance to the third floor.”
“Same here!” echoed several other voices.
The subsequent exclamations left them gasping for breath as their expressions turned to astonishment.
“Look, Lu Yun has passed the third floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower!” A youth pointed at the Myriad Phenomena Jade Wall in shock.
People looked up, and indeed, what awaited them was beyond shocking.
“Congratulations to Lu Yun for passing the third floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower.”
Those letters, so bright and eye-catching, stood still on the jade wall.
The plaza was engulfed in dead silence. All the Martial Academy disciples held their breaths as the surrounding air seemed to freeze.
“So junior brother Lu Yun is this powerful!” Duan Qing’s eyes narrowed, the glimmer in his eyes growing stronger.
Without any doubt, considering Lu Yun’s ability to pass through the third floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower in mere moments, he concluded that Lu Yun certainly had more up his sleeve than just breaking through to the Meridian Passage Realm.
“It will be intriguing to see if you can pass through the sixth or seventh floors. If you manage to pass them, that will be truly interesting.” Duan Qing was exceedingly excited and expectant.
Inside the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
Upon first entering the second floor, he was startled by the sudden appearance of ten demon beasts. However, upon closer inspection, he discovered that they were only peak First Rank Demon Beasts that were easily disposed of.
The demon beasts on the third floor were stronger, surpassing not just one level of difficulty. However, they still didn’t give Lu Yun much trouble. He hadn’t even utilized his Pure Yang aggressive aura, and managed to vanquish the two early stage Second Rank demon beasts solely with his mediocre Breaking Wind Sabre Technique.
“The first floor had a peak First Rank demon beast, the second floor had ten peak First Rank demon beasts, and the third floor had two early Second Rank demon beasts. The degree of difficulty has consistently increased.”
“1 just wonder, how strong will the demon beasts on the next floor be?”
Lu Yun shook his head slightly and stepped into the vortex that led to the next floor..


CHAPTER-34
Chapter 34: Chapter 34, The Power of Pure Yang
Aggressive Aura

The moment he entered the fourth layer, Lu Yun’s first reaction was to investigate the surrounding environment.
It was still a vast wasteland, shrouded in dark clouds and fog, with limited visibility.
So far, the environment within the space of the first to fourth floors of the Myriad Phenomena Tower was like this.
The empty and silent space was filled with black mist slowly drifting, as if the entire fourth floor was gradually moving.
Da da!
Lu Yun took a few slow steps forward, and the crisp sound of footsteps echoed in his ears.
Suddenly, at this moment, there appeared a dozen pairs of lantern-like red lights in the darkness in the distance, and as Lu Yun scanned them, he held the hilt of his saber tightly in his right hand.
Whoosh whoosh whoosh!
The red lanterns seemed to have spotted Lu Yun and almost simultaneously began to move toward him at high speed.
In a short while, the red lanterns gradually became clearer.
A pair of fiery red eyes and a massive body were followed by the release of a powerful demon energy.
Demon Beasts!
There were fifteen early-stage Second Rank Demon Beasts.
Each of them had a more powerful aura than the two beasts on the third floor, and there were more of them, more than seven times as many.
If an ordinary practitioner in the mid-stage of the Meridian Passage Realm encountered such a scene, they would probably be at a loss, daring to fight at most a few to the death.
But not Lu Yun, who had yet to reveal his true strength so far.
Even he himself didn’t have an accurate grasp of the extent that he could reach after a full eruption of his small achievement in Pure Yang Aura.
“I hope you can hold on a little longer!”
Looking at the powerful and magnificent momentum of the fifteen early-stage Second Rank Demon Beasts, Lu Yun breathed as if shooting arrows, his eyes shining with light, and his strong fighting spirit erupted.
“Sweeping Thousands of Armies!”
With a cold snort, Lu Yun’s saber was drawn instantly, and the cold light burst out. A crescent-shaped blade light emerged, somehow cutting through the drifting black mist, and the terrifying blade light slashed at the charging demonic beasts.
These fifteen Demon Beasts, not only were they huge in size, their limbs were also strong. When they all charged, they were like thousands of troops with an invincible and fierce momentum.
However, with the bright and almost extending blade light, they were instantly broken down.
Lu Yun flickered and delivered a fierce blow with his saber on one of the demonic beasts.
Bang!
Raising its sturdy front paw, the demonic beast collided with the descending saber.
Crack!
Blood splattered, staining the black mist red, followed by red sparks that dotted the dark night sky.
With a successful first strike, Lu Yun’s figure flickered, his blade flashing.
His explosive power, strength, and speed all erupted, greatly increasing his momentum. He was in no way inferior to the sky-reaching Demon Beasts.
His blade light tore through the darkness, extending dozens of feet before finally landing heavily on another demonic beast. Immediately, it was cut into fragments of energy, scattering in the dark night sky, further enhancing the eerie environment with red sparks.
Breaking Thousands of Mountains!
Sweeping the Universe!
The third-rate Saber Technique had reached a divine level of perfection in his hands, not at all weaker than any accomplished second-rate martial arts performed by others. One by one, the demonic beasts fell under his saber.
About ten minutes later, not a single Demon Beast was left on the fourth floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
With his saber in hand, Lu Yun stood there, his blood and qi slightly agitated, silently looking at the red scene before him.
“The Myriad Phenomena Tower really is extraordinary, with only the fourth floor’s difficulty already rising to such a level.”
Lu Yun had some slight admiration in his heart.
He knew clearly that the reason he could so easily kill more than ten early-stage second rank Demon Beasts was mainly due to the fact that he had raised his Mix Origin Technique to the Perceive Truth Realm, breaking the limits of his body nearly twice, forming an incomparably strong foundation, making things seem easier than they were.
But, at the same time, it also showed the strict demands of the Martial Academy on its disciples.
Without reaching the middle or late stage of the Meridian Passage Realm, it would be impossible to pass the fourth floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
Myriad Phenomena Tower’s fifth floor.
This floor had only five Demon Beasts, but…
Their demon energy and pressure surpassed those on the previous floor, by several times no less.
These are mid-stage Second Rank demonic beasts!
Among them, one Black Bear Demonic Beast had an even more terrifying aura and pressure, almost reaching the limit of the Second Rank’s middle stage.
With just one glance, Lu Yun knew that merely this Black Bear Demonic Beast could crush the fifteen Demon Beasts on the fourth floor.
And on the fifth floor, besides the Black Bear Demonic Beast, there were four other mid-stage Second Rank Demonic Beasts that were not much less formidable.
It is clear that the difficulty of passing this fifth floor is enormously high.
“It seems like relying solely on the Breaking Wind Saber Technique to pass this floor will be somewhat difficult!”
Mid-stage Second Rank demonic beasts have both more powerful strength and physical toughness than early-stage Second Rank demonic beasts. The sword in his hand is the most ordinary weapon, not much more powerful than a kitchen knife.
If it wasn’t for the fact that it was Lu Yun using it, skillfully employing force while fighting Demon Beasts and using the aggressive aura to protect it, the blade would have been completely ruined in the first or second floor.
He glanced at the blade in his hand, and sure enough, there was already a shallow crack.
“A weapon is also a part of one’s strength. It seems I have to find an opportunity to get a more suitable weapon!”
Lu Yun withdrew the aggressive aura wrapped around the blade, and with a click, the blade split into two pieces and fell to the ground with a clang.
He shook his head slightly, set aside the other half of the blade, and his mind stirred. In a flash, his whole body was enveloped in a dazzling white light curtain, like the rising sun illuminating the dark world.
This was the nature of the Pure Yang aggressive aura, extremely firm and yang, with a pure and powerful strength that gave a sense of brightness and reliability.
“Roar!” The Black Bear Demonic Beast roared, swiping its broad and sturdy bear paw with a powerful force, sweeping away the black fog and continuing its strength toward Lu Yun.
After breaking through the limits of his body twice, Lu Yun’s physique was far stronger than his peers, similar to fourteen or fifteen-year-old teenagers. But now, it wasn’t much bigger than the bear’s paw.
Confronting the wide, thick and powerful bear paw, Lu Yun didn’t retreat, responding with a palm strike!
Bang!
The two palms collided, like a sledgehammer hitting an egg.
But the sledgehammer was a real sledgehammer, unstoppable, while the egg was not a real egg.
Both the strong blood energy and the small achievement Pure Yang True Qi erupted simultaneously. The mighty force shook the massive body of the Black Bear, causing it to violently retreat, leaving a black mark on its sturdy bear paw.
It was a mark left by the scorching force of the Pure Yang True Qi.
“Roar -”
Feeling the intense pain on its bear paw, the Black Bear swung its strong arms forcefully, pounding on its chest.
As it pounded, the fur on its body stood on end, and the demon energy and pressure it emitted became even more powerful, increasingly closer to the Second Rank’s late stage.
“Die for me!”
Following that, Lu Yun roared, and the vast Pure Yang aggressive aura burst forth like a violent river.
With this punch, he not only unleashed the full power of his physique but also covered his fist with the entire Pure Yang aggressive aura, looking like a small sun.
The terrifying fist shattered everything in its path, unstoppable, and left nothing behind..


CHAPTER-35
Chapter 35: Chapter 35: Outburst

Shoot the rider before the horse, kill the demon king first!
Lu Yun naturally understood this, so he targeted the most powerful Black Bear Demon first.
With his powerful strength and explosive vitality, combined with the might of Pure Yang Aura, the Black Bear Demon didn’t have a chance to fully go berserk before it was killed by Lu Yun’s punch!
Then, his figure flashed, and he appeared beside another second-rank middle-stage demonic beast, unleashing his unrivaled and domineering fist.
In a one-on-one situation, Lu Yun utterly overwhelmed his opponents, using his powerful strength and aggressive Pure Yang Aura to forcefully crush the demonic beast to death!
After taking down the second middle-stage demonic beast, his vitality surged to its peak, his battle intent steadily reaching its zenith, and his sharp eyes locked onto the remaining three demonic beasts.
It’s too easy!
Compared to the Black Bear, which was very close to the second-rank late-stage, the remaining demonic beasts were far too easy for Lu Yun to handle.
As expected, in a situation where he held an absolute crushing advantage, Lu Yun only needed to unleash six or seven punches at full power to scatter the remaining three middle-stage demonic beasts.
After the battle ended, the only effects he was showing were his blood energy surging and his breathing being slightly more rapid.
It wasn’t that the middle-stage demonic beasts were weak; it was just that Lu Yun was too strong.
After steadying his breath, he looked at the vortex gate that appeared before him and entered without hesitation.
Upon his entry into the sixth floor, ten demonic beasts appeared before him.
Lu Yun’s eyes flickered, and an unprecedented solemn expression appeared on his face.
The oppressive aura emitted by these demonic beasts was much stronger than that of the Black Bear Demon on the fifth floor.
Without a doubt, these were second-rank late-stage demonic beasts.
The sixth floor of Myriad Phenomena Tower actually had ten second-rank late-stage demonic beasts.
Lu Yun took a deep breath, knowing that a fierce battle was about to ensue.
Although the rank of a second-rank late-stage demonic beast was said to be equivalent to the Meridian Passage Realm late-stage martial artist,
its actual strength was far beyond that of a Meridian Passage Realm late-stage martial artist.
He was only at the Meridian Passage Realm middle-stage, now facing demonic beasts whose strength far exceeded that of Meridian Passage Realm late-stage martial artists, and there were ten of them.
Even with the small achievement of his Pure Yang Aura as a trump card, he had little to no confidence in his heart.
Outside the Myriad Phenomena Tower!
Many people, including Duan Qing, were paying close attention to the Myriad Phenomena Jade Wall.
Especially after Lu Yun passed through the second and third floors in the shortest amount of time, it caused quite a stir in the area.
Those who had just exited the Tower or had just arrived, preparing to enter the Tower, stopped and prepared to witness the rise of a new disciple.
In fact, not only Lu Yun received such treatment; previously, Bai Haoxuan, Xiao Chen, and Ma Yunfei had also caused quite a sensation.
Especially when Lu Yun passed the third floor and then quickly passed the fourth, even more people were attracted.
Most of these disciples had been stuck in the sixth or seventh floor of Myriad Phenomena Tower for a long time, and if they couldn’t make a breakthrough anytime soon, they would soon be expelled from the Martial Academy.
Therefore, as long as their strength showed even a little improvement, they would head to the Tower, hoping to ascend to a higher level.
Because of this, they were quite familiar with the Myriad Phenomena Tower’s events and enjoyed joining in the excitement.
“It moved again!”
Everyone’s eyes lit up, looking at the updated information on the Myriad Phenomena Jade Wall, utterly astonished.
A few people were even more exaggerated, as if they were Lu Yun themselves.
Seeing the news that Lu Yun had passed the fifth floor, Duan Qing was also slightly surprised.
“If 1 recall correctly, the fifth floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower has five middle-stage demonic beasts, with one being extremely close to the second-rank late-stage.
From the moment Lu Yun entered the fifth floor until now, it has been only ten minutes.
That is to say, Lu Yun passed the fifth floor of Myriad Phenomena Tower with an absolutely crushing strength!”
If he could show an absolute crushing strength against second-rank middle-stage demonic beasts on the fifth floor, what level had Lu Yun’s realm reached and how powerful had he become?
The more Duan Qing thought about it, the more shocked he felt.
After all, Lu Yun was a new disciple!
“This Lu Yun is indeed terrifying. In a short time, he has passed the first five levels of the Myriad Phenomena Tower.”
“When I was on the fifth floor, 1 used every means at my disposal and paid an almost desperate price to finally kill those five demonic beasts and pass the fifth floor.” A late-stage Meridian Passage Realm Martial Academy disciple sighed.
Only those who had personally entered the Tower knew the difficulty of the Myriad Phenomena Tower’s fifth floor, which stopped many middle and late-stage Meridian Passage Realm disciples for a long time.
If it weren’t for the fact that one wouldn’t truly die within the Tower, there would be even fewer people who could pass it.
This was indeed the magic of the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
“What do you think, will this junior brother Lu Yun fall like Xiao Chen and Ma Yunfei on the sixth floor, or, like the six-star innate talent Bai Haoxuan, step into the seventh floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower?”
Just as everyone was shocked by Lu Yun’s quick completion of the fifth floor, a keen disciple suddenly spoke out loud.
As soon as this remark was made, it immediately attracted the interest of many people.
One of the peak Meridian Passage Realm Martial Academy’s disciples confidently said, “Junior Brother Lu Yun was able to pass the first five floors so quickly, which undoubtedly proves his potential and strength. However, as for whether he can pass the sixth floor, I’m not holding out much hope.”
“Indeed, the geniuses like Xiao Chen and Ma Yunfei, who possess terrifying abilities to fight beyond their levels, ultimately failed on the sixth floor. Not to mention Lu Yun, whose reputation was not that outstanding before.”
“I also think that Lu Yun’s chances of passing the sixth floor are slim unless he takes more time to grow.”
Everyone chimed in, unanimously expressing their disbelief that Lu Yun could pass through the sixth floor of Myriad Phenomena Tower.
Not to mention the others, even Duan Qing, who had high expectations of Lu Yun, did not hold much confidence in his heart.
Compared to the fifth floor, the difficulty of the sixth floor did not increase simply by several times, but by more than ten times or more.
On the sixth floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
Lu Yun did not have the leisure to join in the excitement like the people outside, he was currently struggling to deal with the ten second-rank late-stage demonic beasts.
“No wonder even Xiao Chen fell on the sixth floor, the difficulty of passing is indeed high.”
Lu Yun had heard of Xiao Chen’s achievements; he had once killed Meridian Passage Realm Martial Artists when he was at Enter Martial Realm, and his swordsmanship aptitude was outstanding, with the most powerful offensive moves.
Yet even a swordsmanship genius like him could not pass this floor, which was enough to attest to its difficulty.
There was too significant a gap between second-rank middle-stage and second-rank late-stage demonic beasts, furthermore, there were ten of them.
If it were merely one or two, Lu Yun estimated that he could cope with them with a bit of effort.
But with ten of them…
Lu Yun was frustrated. He had just intended to take advantage of the chaos and eliminate one of the demonic beasts first, but the other nine demonic beasts did not give him that opportunity, swarming him and forcing him to give up.
“Sigh, I’m ultimately lacking strong offensive techniques!”
This time, Lu Yun didn’t hold back at all. He started to go all out.
All four of his meridians simultaneously unleashed their aggressive auras, and the vast and surging Pure Yang Aura was released without any inhibition..


CHAPTER-36
Chapter 36: Chapter 36: The Final Results

Lu Yun was besieged by ten late-stage second-rank demon beasts at the same time, and although his Pure Yang Aura was powerful, it appeared to be insufficient.
However, he refused to admit defeat easily and was determined not to fall at the sixth level of the Myriad Phenomena Tower. Thus, he kept moving amidst the demon beasts’ attacks, releasing bursts of powerful agressive aura and striking back constantly.
By the end, he didn’t bother dodging or retreating, opting for a “wound for wound” strategy.
After killing the fifth demon beast, Lu Yun had already suffered severe injuries, and his aggressive aura had been significantly depleted, putting a strain on his body.
Nevertheless, he gritted his teeth and continued to release his aggressive aura recklessly.
After killing the sixth demon beast, his injuries got even worse.
After killing the seventh demon beast, Lu Yun could barely stand.
Upon killing the eighth demon beast, his energy was completely exhausted.
In the end, he could do nothing but watch the powerful claws of the demon beast attacking him.
At that moment, Lu Yun felt as if he was facing real death.
But at the very last moment, time seemed to stop, and a ray of light appeared around him, followed by a strong repulsive force.
“Huff!”
Lu Yun opened his eyes and realized he was no longer in the Myriad Phenomena Tower, with many eyes on him.
“Hehe, Junior Brother Lu, how did it feel to ‘die’?”
Duan Qing came over, curiously looking at Lu Yun.
Lu Yun remained silent, recalling the last scene in the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
It had to be said, the Myriad Phenomena Tower was truly amazing. At the last moment, he really believed that he was going to die under the sharp claws of the demon beast, even thinking that he would die for real.
At that moment, he was genuinely terrified.
Everyone was afraid of death, especially Lu Yun, who possessed cheats.
Fortunately, in the end, he was expelled from the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
However, one thing was certain: everything he had experienced in the Myriad Phenomena Tower was real and not an illusion.
What confused him was that his injuries had healed, but the aggressive aura in his dantian was still depleted.
Looking at Duan Qing, Lu Yun asked, “Senior Brother Duan, do you know why our injuries were instantly healed after we left the Myriad Phenomena Tower? What’s the situation?”
Duan Qing’s eyes lit up as he looked at the Myriad Phenomena Tower, and he sighed, “Spirit artifacts have spirits, and everything in the Myriad Phenomena Tower is controlled and manipulated by the Tower Spirit. The demon beasts there are created by the tower spirit using energy; they can seriously injure you but not kill you.
Furthermore, the tower spirit possesses mysterious and unfathomable healing abilities. Those seemingly gruesome injuries are nothing to the tower spirit.
Of course, these injuries are only applicable to those caused by the demon beasts formed by energy within the Myriad Phenomena Tower.”
Lu Yun nodded slightly. Possessing such a powerful ability was more than enough to demonstrate how incredible the Myriad Phenomena Tower was.
If it could heal other injuries as well, then the Myriad Phenomena Tower would be more than just a simple spirit artifact.
“Junior Brother Lu, how many demon beasts did you kill on the sixth level of the Myriad Phenomena Tower?” Duan Qing suddenly asked.
“I only managed to kill eight demon beasts using my full strength, I’m deeply ashamed!”
Recalling his arrogant words before entering the Myriad Phenomena Tower and the results now, Lu Yun couldn’t help but feel too arrogant.
Although a significant reason for this was his lack of suitable martial arts and weapons.
But failure is failure, and Lu Yun was aware of that.
Duan Qing smiled bitterly, “Entering the sixth level of the Myriad Phenomena Tower on your first attempt and killing eight late-stage second-rank demon beasts puts you among the top three of all newcomers.”
Lu Yun shook his head. He had the panel, could use energy points to increase cultivation speed, but only managed to barely rank in the top three among the newcomers. How could he be satisfied with this?
He looked up at the 108 people on the Myriad Phenomena Jade Wall, and there wasn’t the slightest sense of pride or satisfaction in his heart.
“Junior Brother Lu, now that you’ve passed the first five levels of the Myriad Phenomena Tower, you’ve earned quite a few contribution points. What do you plan to do with them?” Duan Qing clapped Lu Yun on the shoulders, his eyes narrowing into slits.
“Contribution points?” Lu Yun smiled bitterly, “If it weren’t for Senior Brother reminding me, 1 would have almost forgotten about them.”
After saying that, he took out his identity jade token from his bosom and checked it, frowning as he did so.
“Only 380 contribution points. Is the reward from the Myriad Phenomena Tower really that small?”
“That’s actually quite a lot. In the Martial Academy, contribution points are very valuable. More than 300 contribution points can almost be exchanged for a top-tier martial art.”
Duan Qing glared at Lu Yun and continued, “Among people like you who just entered the academy not long ago, there are only a few who possess such a large amount of contribution points.”
Lu Yun rolled his eyes, knowing that it was only enough to exchange for a martial art, and not even a top-tier one at that.
Duan Qing smiled nonchalantly, “Hehe, I see that Junior Brother Lu is not bad. I’ll tell you some news. In the Martial Academy, you can only accumulate more resources by turning all the resources you have into your own strength.”
Lu Yun grinned, fully agreeing with this statement.
“I currently only have one top-tier martial art, and it’s not even a
combat-oriented one. 1 plan to go to the Cultivation Technique Pavilion to take a look. Senior Brother Duan, would you like to come with me?”
“That’s exactly what 1 was thinking!” Duan Qing gladly agreed.
He had just broken through to the True Qi Realm recently and hadn’t had time to acquire new martial arts. Now that Lu Yun invited him, it was just what he wanted.
Under the watchful gazes of the crowd, the two happily left the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
It wasn’t until the two figures disappeared from sight that everyone else took a deep breath, exchanged glances, and began to discuss among themselves.
The content was mainly two things: First, they praised and admired Lu Yun for his achievements on the sixth level of the Myriad Phenomena Tower on his first attempt.
Second, they said that Lu Yun only spoke big words and that his actual strength was just average.
However, most people belonged to the former group, and those who ridiculed Lu Yun didn’t necessarily mean to do so. Most of them were just jealous and had to say something to put Lu Yun down.
In the valley where the elite disciples lived, in one of the courtyards, a handsome young man was sitting cross-legged, practicing with his eyes closed.
From his body emanated a vast and astonishing True Qi fluctuation, which was very imposing.
This young man was Bai Haoxuan, the only one among the new disciples with a level 6 innate talent.
His cultivation had already reached the late Meridian Passage Realm, surpassing many veteran elite disciples.
“Finally, the eighth meridian is unblocked.”
Bai Haoxuan opened his eyes, exhaling like an arrow, his breath astonishing.
“Last time, I failed on the seventh level of the Myriad Phenomena Tower because 1 had only unblocked seven meridians. Now that I’ve unblocked another meridian, my strength has increased significantly. After some time, I’ll try again and surely defeat those two demon beasts.”
Thinking of this, a satisfied smile appeared on Bai Haoxuan’s face.
He believed that as long as he passed the seventh level of the Myriad Phenomena Tower, he would be able to cement the gap between himself and other newcomers and be noticed by the higher-ups of the Martial Academy..


CHAPTER-37
Chapter 37: Chapter 37, Seven Kill Saber Technique

“Bang!”
At this moment, a young man hurriedly pushed open the gate and rushed in. “What’s the rush? It’s so undignified!” Bai Haoxuan said, displeased. Then he asked, “What happened?”
Catching his breath and organizing his thoughts, the young man calmly answered, “Senior Brother Bai, Lu Yun reached the sixth floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower and killed eight Demon Beasts, ranking just below Xiao Chen.”
“The sixth floor?” Bai Haoxuan couldn’t help but glance at the person skeptically, saying disdainfully, “It’s just the sixth floor, nothing more. It’s not bad, but isn’t that just it? Is it worth the fuss?”
In his opinion, even if Lu Yun had killed eight Demon Beasts on the sixth floor, it still wasn’t as good as Ma Yunfei’s achievement.
Although Ma Yunfei had only killed seven Demon Beasts, it should be noted that his record was set ten days ago.
With Ma Yunfei’s talent, if he entered the Myriad Phenomena Tower again today, even if he couldn’t clear the sixth floor, killing eight or nine Demon Beasts would be a piece of cake.
“Of course, Lu Yun can’t compare with Senior Brother Bai. However, among the many new junior brothers, he is definitely one of the top few, possessing great potential. It might be worthwhile to consider drawing him to our side,” the young man explained.
“There’s no need. People with such high pride and arrogance will not submit to others. There’s no need to waste time on them.”
Bai Haoxuan paused briefly and continued, “Your reminder is not bad. Lu Yun is indeed a person worth noting, but there is no need to waste time trying to win him over.
What you need to focus on are disciples with Level 3 top-grade Innate Talent or Level 4 ordinary Innate Talent. They are at an intermediate level in the Martial Academy and are relatively easier to win over.”
Hearing this, the young man’s eyes lit up, and he said admiringly, “Senior Brother Bai is truly wise; 1 am far behind.”
Ignoring the flattery, Bai Haoxuan waved his hand and said, “Alright, you may leave.”
Not long after, Lu Yun and Duan Qing arrived at the Cultivation Technique Pavilion.
The Cultivation Technique Pavilion was one of the Martial Academy’s important places, with elders guarding it year-round.
“A new disciple?”
In the Cultivation Technique Pavilion, a white-robed elder glanced at Lu Yun’s disciple’s uniform and said indifferently, “Identity token!”
Newcomers to the Cultivation Technique Pavilion need to register their information, which Duan Qing had already told Lu Yun about on their way there.
So, Lu Yun took out his identity token right away.
After receiving Lu Yun’s token, the elder quickly returned it without doing anything else.
The elder glanced at Lu Yun and said indifferently, “You are currently in the Middle Stage of the Meridian Passage Realm, so you can only enter the first floor of the Cultivation Technique Pavilion.”
Lu Yun nodded, “Junior understands.”
Disciples below the True Qi Realm can only enter the first floor of the Cultivation Technique Pavilion.
On the first floor, there are second-rate martial arts and first-rate martial arts, suitable for disciples in the Enter Martial Realm and Meridian Passage Realm to practice.
The second floor contains various superior martial arts.
As for the third floor, it no longer houses martial arts but instead holds cultivation techniques.
Cultivation techniques are a level above martial arts and can only be found in places like the Martial Academy. In smaller places like Cloud Water County, the appearance of a single cultivation technique would cause a huge sensation. “Alright, you may enter!”
With the old man’s permission, Lu Yun and Duan Qing entered the Cultivation Technique Pavilion.
“Junior Brother Lu Yun, you killed eight late-stage Level 2 Demon Beasts on the sixth floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower. I thought you were at least in the late stage of the Meridian Passage Realm, but I didn’t expect you to be only in the middle stage,” Duan Qing joked.
“It’s just a bit of luck!” Lu Yun gave a light smile.
Lu Yun’s realm was very stable, and he was able to conceal his aura quite well. It was normal for Duan Qing, along with other True Qi Realm martial artists not able to see his true cultivation level unless they were much more powerful.
Duan Qing inwardly sighed, considering it luck, then all the Martial Academy disciples should rely on luck to pass the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
Since Lu Yun’s target was the first floor of the Cultivation Technique Pavilion and Duan Qing intended to go to the second floor, the two chatted casually for a while before parting ways.
Entering the first floor of the Cultivation Technique Pavilion, there were not many people. Lu Yun only saw a few scattered Martial Academy disciples, which made him puzzled.
Logically, a place like the Cultivation Technique Pavilion with numerous cultivation techniques and martial arts should attract martial artists as much as the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
However, the fact was the opposite, the Myriad Phenomena Tower was bustling with people coming and going.
While the Cultivation Technique Pavilion had few visitors.
“Could it be that other Martial Academy disciples do not lack martial arts?”
Putting aside his doubts, Lu Yun took a deep breath and walked towards one of the bookshelves.
There were many martial art secret manuals on the first floor of the Cultivation Technique Pavilion, densely packed on large bookshelves.
To find a suitable one among such a vast collection of martial arts secret manuals would undoubtedly take a lot of time.
Lu Yun wasn’t in a hurry, so he began to select one by one.
Shocking Wave Fist, Terrifying Wave Palm, Wind God Leg, Wild Wind Saber, Shadowless Instant Step, Meteor Butterfly Sword…
All kinds of martial art secret manuals dazzled Lu Yun.
“Anyway, the Cultivation Technique Pavilion doesn’t have a time limit. I might as well memorize the martial arts and add them to the panel. Then I wouldn’t need to spend Contribution Points!”
Thinking of this, Lu Yun couldn’t help but feel excited.
If this idea could be realized, he would make a fortune.
Additionally, he would never lack martial arts or cultivation techniques in the future.
Swish!
Lu Yun casually picked up a martial arts manual.
Cloud Flipping Rain Sword: The sword is like a white cloud, ever-changing, and like a torrential rain, filled with unpredictability and complexity.
This was a first-rate martial art, and the cultivation difficulty was average. With a desire to give it a try, Lu Yun began to flip through the pages.
“Huh?” Lu Yun was stunned, as this martial art had a seal on it, preventing him from continuing to read it.
In disbelief, he picked up another martial art manual, skipping the description on the front and directly trying to read the content behind.
Undoubtedly, the result was the same – he couldn’t read further.
“What a pity!”
Now, Lu Yun finally understood why there was no time limit in the Cultivation Technique Pavilion.
The martial arts in the Cultivation Technique Pavilion could only have their basic descriptions read, and the contents were inaccessible.
Actually, it was normal. If the martial arts in the Cultivation Technique Pavilion could be viewed freely, then the exchange of Contribution Points would be meaningless.
After his unattainable desire had been thoroughly extinguished, Lu Yun finally calmed down and began to seriously choose martial arts.
Half an hour later.
“As expected of the Martial Academy’s Cultivation Technique Pavilion, not only are the martial arts vast and numerous, but they are also diverse, making it difficult to choose just one,” Lu Yun sighed inwardly after flipping through numerous martial arts.
However, he currently had only 380 Contribution Points and could only exchange them for one martial art. So, he needed to choose the most suitable one. Even though he had spotted several heart-stirring martial arts, he had resisted the temptation.
“If only I had more Contribution Points…”
Lu Yun felt a little unwilling in his heart, and at the same time, he longed for Contribution Points even more.
Suddenly, Lu Yun’s gaze landed on a martial art manual on the bookshelf.
What drew his attention to this martial art manual was that its texture and material were slightly different from the others and its pages were yellowed, making it appear even more ancient.
Lu Yun walked forward and picked up the yellowed martial art manual. The title on it read: “Seven Kills Saber Technique..”


CHAPTER-38
Chapter 38: Chapter 38, Killing Life, Killing Self

The Seven Kill Saber Technique is a saber art that utilizes killing to halt killing. The essence of this technique is the chop and it nurtures warfare with killing. The stronger the killing intent, the more powerful it becomes, with the ability to surpass ranks when in battle.
To cultivate it to perfection, one needs a monstrous understanding and a stroke of luck.
“Seven Kill Saber Technique!”
Lu Yun muttered softly, unable to hide the shock in his eyes.
If it weren’t for the seal’s restrictive power, he would have impatiently added it to his panel.
Others might not be able to cultivate it to perfection due to not having the aptitude or opportunity.
But Lu Yun was different. If he had enough energy points, he could even elevate it to another level.
The idea of comprehending the killing concept made Lu Yun’s eyes virulently excited.
As long as he comprehends the killing concept…
No, just by successfully cultivating the Seven Kill Saber Technique, it would be easy to kill the ten second-rank late-stage demon beasts on the sixth floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
After deciding on the Seven Kill Saber Technique, Lu Yun lost interest in other martial arts and resolutely turned to leave the Cultivation Technique Pavilion.
“Seven Kill Saber Technique?” The Elder in white robes responsible for overseeing the Cultivation Technique Pavilion furrowed his eyebrows at what Lu Yun had selected, although he didn’t say more.
His duty was only protecting the Cultivation Technique Pavilion, the selection and decisions of the Martial Academy students were none of his concern.
“Your identification token!”
Lu Yun handed over his identification token as well.
He then saw the elder glance at the token, give a slight nod, and then walk into a separated compartment behind him, taking the martial arts and identification token with him.
A few breaths later, he walked back out, handing Lu Yun back his martial arts and identification token, and said in a flat voice: “Within half a month, regardless of whether or not you successfully cultivate it, you must return it to the Cultivation Technique Pavilion.”
“Understood!”
Lu Yun responded, and then left directly after accepting both the martial arts and his identification token.
After leaving the pavilion, Lu Yun checked the martial arts and identification token one after another to see if they had any changes.
Firstly, the original 380 contribution points on the identification token had been reduced to only 30 points.
Secondly, he didn’t know what means the Elder in white robes had used to remove the seal on the Seven Kill Saber Technique manual, but he was now able to flip more pages of it.
“This technique is quite handy!” Lu Yun mumbled as he scanned through the Seven Kill Saber Technique.
As he was leaving the Cultivation Technique Pavilion, a chubby silhouette abruptly appeared. He clapped his hand on Lu Yun’s shoulder and complained: “Junior Brother Lu, you have finally come out.”
Lu Yun closed the Seven Kill Saber Technique manual in his hand and glared at it, complaining: “Can you not appear out of nowhere like that? You almost gave me a heart attack.”
Duan Qing laughed lightly, his gaze sneakily peeking at the secret manual in Lu Yun’s hands.
“I see that Junior Brother Lu is beaming. Did you manage to find the martial art you fancied?”
“I had some good luck today. 1 spent 350 contribution points, but I’m quite satisfied with this martial art.”
As he spoke, Lu Yun played with the martial arts manual, revealing the words Seven Kill Saber Technique to Duan Qing.
Duan Qing slapped Lu Yun on his back and began speaking earnestly: “Junior Brother Lu, 1 can’t tell if you were lucky or unlucky, but you actually chose this saber technique!”
“What’s wrong with the Seven Kill Saber Technique? I think it’s quite good.” Lu Yun replied nonchalantly.
“The Seven Kill Saber Technique is indeed good, it can even be said to be the best martial art in the first layer of the Cultivation Technique Pavilion.”
Having spoken this far, Duan Qing paused before continuing, “But, it’s also the most dangerous martial art. Many talented students from the Martial Academy, impressed by the power of the Seven Kill Saber Technique, have chosen this martial art in their early days.
At first, a good number of them managed to enter the entry level, and their respective strengths improved significantly due to it, even enabling them to fight beyond their level, and they achieved quite a reputation.
But because this saber technique depends on stopping killing with killing, and in turn nurturing warfare with killing, the later it gets, the harder it gets to cultivate. Most people have to abandon it midway and begin cultivating other martial arts.
A small portion of people with remarkable talents, among which were some Heavenly Pride students with Level 6 innate talent, could continue improving their Seven Kill Saber Technique and even cultivated it to perfection, on the verge of comprehending the legendary concept – the Killing Conception.”
Upon hearing this, Lu Yun showed an expression of anticipation and eagerly asked, “Has anyone successfully comprehended the Killing Conception?”
Duan Qing shook his head with a bitter smile.
“The Seven Kill Saber Technique, which uses killing to stop killing and nourishes combat with killing, relies on killing intent as its fundamental source. The more beings it kills, the stronger the killing intent, the more terrifying its combat power becomes. When the killing intent accumulates to its peak and transforms into a killing conception, then the conceptual understanding naturally appears.
Unfortunately, it’s the killing intent that brings about their success and also their downfall. Those who have cultivated the Seven Kill Saber Technique to the Great Accomplishment realm have all ultimately been backfired by the killing intent. If the consequences are light, they fall into a state of mania and their meridians become useless. If consequences are severe, they perish!
Seven in ‘Seven Kill’ actually imply the killing of beings and killing oneself!”
Sighing, Duan Qing somberly advised, “Junior Brother Lu, please be prudent, very prudent, and even more prudent regarding this martial art!”
Lu Yun didn’t focus on the dangers of cultivating Seven Kill Saber Technique, but asked with curiosity, “If this martial art is so dangerous and no one has ever successfully comprehended its concept, why would the Martial Academy place it in the Cultivation Technique Pavilion?”
Duan Qing explained, “If something exists, there’s a rationale behind it. The Martial Academy placed it in the Cultivation Technique Pavilion for its own considerations, which include testing the disciples’ mindset. The specifics are not something we can surmise.”
Hearing this, Lu Yun nodded.
Although Duan Qing’s guess was slightly partial, there was indeed some truth to it.
The Martial Academy trains their disciples not just to achieve a high realm, they also require powerful strength, firm determination, and the ability to take responsibility for their own choices, even if it’s a matter of life and death!
If one just seeks powerful strength and disregards the danger of the Seven Kill Saber Technique, such a disciple will perish due to other reasons in the future, no matter how high their talent is.
“Junior Brother Lu, I know you’re a headstrong person and have complete faith in your talent, but 1 must say one last thing, temporary strength is transient, and this transient strength is even fraught with immense danger!”
Having said his piece, this was Duan Qing’s final advice to Lu Yun.
“Thank you, Senior Brother, 1 will bear that in mind.”
Lu Yun cordially replied and then subtly shifted the topic.
“I saw Senior Brother have quite a few Body Tempering Pills last time, do you have any left now?”
Duan Qing was palatable taken back, and then shook his head: “Body Tempering Pills are only useful for martial artists in the Enter Martial Realm. Junior Brother is already in the middle phase of the Meridian Passage Realm, only Meridian pills would be of use now. If Junior Brother needs some, I still happen to have some left.”
Previously, Duan Qing had accumulated many Meridian Pills in order to break through the True Qi Realm. After breaking through, he still had some leftovers and was thinking about just the right opportunity to deal with them.
This time, he was waiting for Lu Yun not only to foster their relationship, but also with the intention of dealing with the leftover Meridian Pills.
“Meridian Pills are fine too, it’s just that 1 now only have thirty contribution…”
“No problem, no problem, I can give you the Meridian Pills first, and you can pay me back when you have more contribution points.”
“Is that okay?”
“It’s definitely not okay for others, but for the relationship between you and me, of course it is.”
With that, Duan Qing took out two porcelain bottles from his bosom, eyes narrowed in a smile, and said, “These two bottles of Meridian Pills, 1 will give Junior Brother Lu a friendly price, 200 contribution points!”
“Thank you, Senior Brother!”


CHAPTER-39
Chapter 39: Chapter 39: Saber Technique Accomplished, Killing Intent Emerges

Without any hesitation, Lu Yun accepted Duan Qing’s kindness and didn’t even have a trace of doubt in his heart.
Such a good opportunity, to hesitate would be even worse than a beast.
Lu Yun despised those worse than beasts in his heart, and naturally, he wouldn’t do something that would make him one of them.
After parting with Duan Qing, Lu Yun resumed studying the Seven Kill Saber Technique.
Although the Seven Kill Saber Technique was an incredibly powerful martial art, it didn’t have too much content and only took Lu Yun half an hour to deeply memorize it.
Of course, it was also recorded on his panel.
If he wasn’t afraid of being discovered, he could even return it to the Cultivation Technique Pavilion right away.
Afterward, he went to the Weaponry Hall at the Internal Affairs Hall to exchange for a weapon.
The weapon was still a long saber, not a True Artifact, but forged from fine iron, which was much more durable and sharper than the one he brought from the Spirit Creek Village.
Back at the small courtyard, Lu Yun took out the two porcelain bottles containing the Meridian Pills right away.
Each of the small porcelain bottles contained ten pills, totaling twenty in all.
“I wonder how many Energy Values a single Meridian Pill can provide?”
Lu Yun weighed the translucent pill in his hand, examining it carefully, and his face gradually broke into a smile.
A short while later, he refreshingly popped the pill into his mouth and swallowed it down.
Just as expected, the Meridian Pill was far more advanced than the Body Tempering Pill, silky and smooth like jade, with excellent taste.
Not long after swallowing it, the long-silent panel began to show changes.
 + 8 Energy Values
 + 8 Energy Values
Without any hesitation, Lu Yun swallowed all twenty Meridian Pills, and every time the panel refreshed with new Energy Values, he felt an indescribable sense of satisfaction.
Finally, the two porcelain bottles were empty and thrown carelessly into a corner by Lu Yun, and his attention was focused on the refreshed panel.
Name: Lu Yun
Influence: Flying Spirit Martial Academy
Martial Arts: Breaking Wind Saber Technique (Perfection, cannot be improved), Mix Origin Technique (Perceive Truth, cannot be improved), Pure Yang Aura (Small achievement 1%), Seven Kill Saber Technique (Pre-Entry)
Innate Talent: Level 5
Martial Arts: Meridian Passage Realm (Middle Stage, 4 Meridians)
Energy Value: 163
“Energy Value increased by 160, and also added the Seven Kill Saber Technique!”
Lu Yun was very satisfied with today’s harvest.
By passing the first five floors of the Myriad Phenomena Tower, he obtained a total of 380 Contribution Points.
Afterward, he exchanged these Contribution Points for martial arts and weapons, which were very beneficial for his own strength improvement, indirectly increasing his own power.
Therefore, Lu Yun came to a conclusion: challenging the Myriad Phenomena Tower was a means to improve his strength.
Of course, this strength improvement wasn’t instantaneous; it required conversion, with the panel being the key.
Now, on the panel, there were two martial arts that could be improved: Pure Yang Aura and Seven Kill Saber Technique.
Pure Yang Aura focused on internal cultivation, which was the foundation of martial arts.
The Seven Kill Saber Technique focuses on the external and is the primary guarantee of his strength.
The importance of the two is almost the same. Now that the Pure Yang Aura has achieved a small achievement, there is no need to improve it for the time being.
“Begin!”
Lu Yun took a deep breath and directly invested ten energy points into the Seven Kill Saber Technique.
Consume ten energy points, Seven Kill Saber Technique upgraded to Entry Level (1%)
Suddenly, a cold and chilling aura was born and released from within his body, wrapping around and permeating throughout his body.
Although the aura was relatively thin, Lu Yun could clearly feel the bone-chilling cold and frostiness.
This coldness was not due to a change in temperature but the Killing Intent which, though very weak, was the first trace of Killing Intent that formed when the Seven Kill Saber Technique was cultivated to the Entry Level. It was the purest Killing Intent.
This purest Killing Intent began to attack Lu Yun’s undefended body.
Cold, painful, trembling – with every attack of the Killing Intent, Lu Yun could deeply feel the bone-chilling pain.
As the Killing Intent invaded, his body slowly adapted, and the pain gradually eased.
At this moment, a strange memory appeared in his mind: A figure, completely black and with an unrecognizable face, wearing a bamboo hat and holding a saber, stood before him.
Blood-red sabers, bloody roads, corpses everywhere, and martial artists slowly approaching from all directions.
This scene disappeared in a flash and was replaced by another scenario.
In the silent rain-soaked night, in the gray-black forest, a man and his saber slowly appeared in view. His cold and solitary figure gradually deepened in Lu Yun’s mind, but he could never completely see it clearly.
As the figure gradually approached, a memory as cold as a chilling stream emerged in Lu Yun’s mind, as if it were an innate memory without any abruptness.
Consume ten Energy Points, Seven Kill Saber Technique upgraded to Entry Level (51%)
Consume ten Energy Points, Seven Kill Saber Technique upgraded to Small Achievement (1%)
At the moment when the Seven Kill Saber Technique achieved a small accomplishment, an even stronger cold and chilling force invaded him once more. It took a dozen breaths for his body to gradually adapt.
Following that, bits of information continually appeared in Lu Yun’s mind, absorbed and digested by him – how to efficiently mobilize Killing Intent, how to reduce the harm of Killing Intent to oneself, how to use Killing Intent to deter others, and even how to regulate True Qi and Killing Intent, and so on.
This information, like nutrients, was continuously absorbed and digested by Lu Yun, eventually becoming part of his flesh, blood, and bones.
Phew!
At some point, Lu Yun slowly opened his eyes, exhaling like an arrow.
With a thought, an icy-cold and chilling aura appeared, and compared to the previous one, the Killing Intent had now become far stronger. It could be seen to solidify, and the moment it appeared, it almost froze the surrounding air into ice.
Although it was not quite as strong as his Pure Yang Aura.
However, Pure Yang Aura belonged to the extreme yang and rigidity, whereas Killing Intent was cold.
The effect of Killing Intent was not only to be cold, but its primary function was to deter others’ will, mentally attacking them and causing them to lose their fighting spirit.
Moreover, after cultivating the Seven Kill Saber Technique, Killing Intent could accumulate continuously. Killing Intent would be nourished by killing and fighting, and the more lives one took, the more Killing Intent would accumulate, increasing one’s strength.
Lu Yun got up and picked up the newly-acquired saber. With a thought, a faint red Killing Intent protected the blade, making the icy-cold blade even colder. Even the blade’s color was transformed into a faint red hue due to the faint Killing Intent in the blink of an eye.
Good heavens! Lu Yun secretly praised in his heart. This Killing Intent could transform in such a way, and it was only a small accomplishment level’s Killing Intent – far more powerful than he had imagined.
“However, the pain just now was truly unbearable. If it weren’t for the upgraded memory, which also contained information on how to control and use the Killing Intent, I might not be standing here so comfortably.”
“With the energy value upgrade, I can accumulate Killing Intent without killing. This cultivation process really feels like cheating!”
“However, it’s better this way; I don’t have to work too hard.”
Upgrading the Seven Kill Saber Technique from Pre-Entry to Small Achievement consumed a similar amount of energy value as the Pure Yang Aura, which surprised Lu Yun.
Seeing the remaining 133 energy points, Lu Yun didn’t hesitate and started the second round of upgrades..


CHAPTER-40
Chapter 40: Chapter 40: Xiao Chen’s Invitation

Name:Lu Yun
Power:Flying Spirit Martial Academy
Martial Arts:Breaking Wind Saber Technique (Perfection, cannot be upgraded), Mix Origin Technique (Perceive Truth, cannot be upgraded), Pure Yang Aura (Great accomplishment 34%), Seven Kill Saber Technique (Great accomplishment 1%)
Innate Talent:Level 5
Martial Arts:Meridian Passage Realm Late Stage (8 Meridians)
Energy Value
“I didn’t expect it to be so hard just to barely upgrade the Seven Kill Saber Technique to the Great accomplishment realm with so much Energy Value!”
Looking at the refreshed panel, Lu Yun sighed slightly.
He originally thought he could at least promote both martial arts to the Perfection realm, but the result was that the progress of Pure Yang aggressive aura only increased to Great accomplishment (34%), and Seven Kill Saber Technique could only barely enter Great accomplishment.
Meanwhile, based on the consumed energy value, the consumption of both martial arts at each level is almost the same.
From this perspective, these two martial arts are on the same level for the panel.
Pure Yang aggressive aura consumed twenty energy values from entry level to small achievement, and fifty energy values from small achievement to Great accomplishment.
Latter, he spent an additional thirty-three contribution points to upgrade it from Great accomplishment (1%) to Great accomplishment (34%).
“That is to say, upgrading any of these martial arts from Great accomplishment to Perfection requires one hundred energy values!”
“What about cultivating to a higher level from Perfection? That must be a huge amount of energy value!”
Thinking of this, Lu Yun’s excitement from the rapid improvement of his strength couldn’t help but chill!
“It seems that 1 have to find ways to earn contribution points!”
In Lu Yun’s mind, the easiest way to earn Contribution Points was undoubtedly the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
With his strength, he could naturally easily pass through the sixth floor, and obtaining Contribution Points would be as simple as turning his hand.
However, since he had just come out of the Myriad Phenomena Tower not long ago, he naturally couldn’t go back again.
That would be too dazzling and high-profile, and would easily cause a strong sensation, which was not in line with Lu Yun’s personality.
“I need to think of other ways.”
Lu Yun rubbed his chin, considering whether there were any other avenues.
Bang bang bang!
At this moment, a knock on the door interrupted his thoughts.
Lu Yun, full of doubts, went to open the courtyard door, and was stunned when he saw the person outside.
Although he was just a young man, his face had a mature look, with sword-like eyebrows and starry eyes, a jade-like face, well-defined facial features, and a cold aura that repelled people thousands of miles away.
Looking at Lu Yun’s pair of eyes, they were like the brilliance of the full moon, with a touch of annoying coldness and a little warmth.
From the feeling, Lu Yun could neither say he disliked him nor liked him.
“Xiao… Brother Xiao Chen!”
Lu Yun gave a slight bow in greeting.
Xiao Chen just nodded, retracted his gaze from Lu Yun, and his face turned slightly cold.
“Your strength seems to have improved again, it seems that you have gained a lot from the Myriad Phenomena Tower.”
“Oh?” Lu Yun frowned slightly and said, “How did Brother Xiao know 1 went to the Myriad Phenomena Tower?”
“I just happened to run into you on the way, but you never saw me.”
Lu Yun nodded slightly.
Neither of them seemed to be talkative, so they just stood outside the door, looking at each other.
Xiao Chen’s eyes were sharp, sometimes like a sharp sword, parting the layers of mist enveloping Lu Yun.
Lu Yun’s gaze was very scrutinizing, feeling a bit bitter when he saw that face far more mature and handsome than his own.
“This guy, if his innate talent were a little better, he might become the legendary protagonist.”
Lu Yun sighed in his heart, and then invited, “Since Brother Xiao has come, why not come in and chat?”
“No need, I came to find you on a whim. Seeing your breakthrough in strength has further confirmed my previous decision.”
Having said that, a smile suddenly appeared on Xiao Chen’s face as he lightheartedly said, “Lu Yun, I have a task here that requires a partner with at least late-stage Meridian Passage Realm strength. Are you willing to join?”
Lu Yun looked strange when he heard the words, as he never expected the other party to come to him for this matter.
In the Martial Academy, all transactions are mainly based on contribution points.
To get Cultivation Martial Arts, weapons, and pills, a large amount of contribution points are required.
There are many channels to obtain Contribution Points, such as challenging the Myriad Phenomena Tower, and doing academy tasks.
There are thirty floors in the Myriad Phenomena Tower. The higher the floor you pass, the more Contribution Points you get.
But the higher the level, the harder it is to pass.
Some can only pass one floor after several months or even years.
It can be said that obtaining contribution points through Myriad Phenomena Tower is the easiest channel, as well as the most difficult one.
On the contrary, because there are many tasks in the academy and there are tasks of different levels for disciples at different levels, the task rewards are not low.
Therefore, the main channel for academy disciples to obtain contribution points is by doing tasks.
The tasks of the Martial Academy generally involve killing Demon Beasts, dealing with Evil Cult forces, and people who collude with the Evil Cult.
Of course, some Elders and disciples can also post tasks in the Task Hall to obtain the items they need, including pills, labor, and so on.
Most novice disciples receive such tasks to obtain Contribution Points.
After all, newbie disciples generally have low strength. Taking tasks to kill demon beasts and deal with Evil Cultists is dangerous.
Instead of taking risks, these low-level tasks with low contribution points are the best choice.
When Lu Yun heard Xiao Chen’s words, the first thing he thought of was these low-level tasks.
But the other party’s next words left him stunned again.
“This is a Yellow-rank task. If completed successfully, each person will get five hundred Contribution Points!”
Xiao Chen looked at Lu Yun indifferently, with a calm expression, as if he knew Lu Yun wouldn’t refuse.
Five hundred contribution points may not be much, but they are equivalent to the contribution points obtained by passing through the sixth floor of the Myriad Phenomena Tower.
Generally, novice disciples take on tasks that offer at most a few dozen or hundreds of contribution points, and these tasks usually take some time to complete.
However, the task taken by Xiao Chen was a Yellow-rank task, rewarding a total of one thousand contribution points.
“Why did you choose me?” Lu Yun asked solemnly.
Upon hearing these words,
The smile on Xiao Chen’s face became more obvious.
As Lu Yun asked this question, it must mean he was moved by the idea.
“Firstly, 1 need someone whose strength is not too different from mine. In this way, even if we encounter danger, we won’t fail the task due to being hindered, and our safety is also guaranteed!”
“Secondly, we’ve seen each other a few times and are somewhat familiar.
Besides you, there are no other people in the Martial Academy 1 know.”
“Lastly, and most importantly, 1 find you quite pleasing to the eye!”
After saying that, he held his sword, put his arms around his chest, and a calm smile appeared on his face.
Lu Yun gave a slight smile.
“Compared to other people, you also look a little more pleasing to the eye. Of course, you need to put away that coldness that repels people thousands of miles away.”
“Alright, 1’11 try!”
The two exchanged smiles..


CHAPTER-41
Chapter 41: Chapter 41, Green Cloud

“According to the information on the mission, our target this time is a base of the White Lotus Sect in Green Cloud County. Although the highest cultivation is only at the peak of the Meridian Passage Realm, I don’t have full confidence in facing their large numbers alone!”
After Lu Yun didn’t object, Xiao Chen directly stated the contents of the mission.
“Do we need to make any other preparations?” Lu Yun asked.
Xiao Chen touched the blue sword in his hand and said indifferently, “One person, one sword.”
“Alright, just wait a moment.”
After saying that, Lu Yun turned and entered the door. Within a few breaths, he came back out, but now had a saber on his body.
After leaving the elite disciple’s living quarters in the valley, the two reported to the Internal Affairs Hall of the Martial Academy.
Martial Academy disciples needed to report when leaving the academy. Since Lu Yun and Xiao Chen were leaving for a mission, the Elder in charge of disciple affairs didn’t ask any questions, and simply registered their departure.
Green Cloud County, one of the thirteen counties under the jurisdiction of Spirit Martial Prefecture, is located south of the county capital and north of Cloud Water County.
Although it’s not too far away, it still takes more than half a month to get there.
To save time, the two went to the county capital to buy two fine horses before setting off.
After about ten days, Lu Yun and Xiao Chen finally arrived in Green Cloud County.
Like Cloud Water County, the highest official here is the County Magistrate. As soon as they entered the county city, they went directly to the County Government Office.
After presenting their identity tokens, the door guard was immediately startled and awake, promptly inviting Lu Yun and Xiao Chen inside.
As soon as they entered the Government Hall, the County Magistrate of Green Cloud County came out to greet them without delay.
“I am Zhao Wuji, the Magistrate of Green Cloud County. May I have the honor of knowing the names of the two Heavenly Prides from the Martial Academy?”
“Flying Spirit Martial Academy’s Xiao Chen!”
“Flying Spirit Martial Academy’s Lu Yun!”
Lu Yun and Xiao Chen saluted simultaneously!
While speaking, Lu Yun also sized up the County Magistrate in front of him.
On the way, Xiao Chen had told Lu Yun everything related to the mission, including the magistrate, warden, and the family powers in Green Cloud County.
Zhao Wuji, a man from the Zhao family of Gusu County in Ling Province, had a cultivation at the late stage of the True Qi Realm.
Five years ago, he came to Green Cloud County as the Magistrate. Under his strong management, Green Cloud County underwent a drastic change; even the feuding families stopped fighting and lived in peace.
It must be said that Green Cloud County was able to maintain such a stable and peaceful situation thanks to Zhao Wuji’s hard work.
Regarding this, Lu Yun secretly admired his counterpart’s prowess.
His admiration was justified; even the big families from the county capital found it difficult to establish themselves in unfamiliar territories.
However, Zhao Wuji was able to suppress all the local forces, as steady as Mount Tai, and govern Green Cloud County with obedience, which was truly admirable.
As Lu Yun was sizing up Zhao Wuji, Zhao Wuji was also sizing up Xiao Chen and Lu Yun.
Both Xiao Chen and Lu Yun looked too young. Even though their appearances seemed to be older than their actual age for some reason, they still looked youthful.
Xiao Chen was better, as his cold temperament made him seem a bit more mature.
As for Lu Yun, despite his tall and strong build, it could not conceal the innocence on his face.
After a brief examination, Zhao Wuji withdrew his gaze, smiling and laughing, “It is an honor for my Green Cloud County and for me that Young Master Xiao and Young Master Lu from the Martial Academy have come here.”
“How about this, after their long journey, I will host a banquet at Bright Moon Building to entertain the two young masters.”
After saying that, he called out to the outside, “Come in!”
“Lord Zhao!”
The attendant outside responded and entered.
“Notify Bright Moon Building to prepare a banquet tonight, as I will entertain the two young Heavenly Prides from the Martial Academy!”
“No need, my Junior Brother Lu and 1 have urgent matters to attend to, and we cannot afford any delay. The reason for our visit is to gather some information and request help from Green Cloud County.”
Xiao Chen directly stopped the attendant who was about to leave and turned to Zhao Wuji.
If it were not a special matter with broad implications, he and Lu Yun would have gone directly to their destination.
Dealing with a slick official like Zhao Wuji was not something he desired.
Hearing this, Zhao Wuji frowned slightly, and the smile on his face faded a bit. He said sincerely, “Since the two of you have urgent matters, naturally they cannot be delayed. I just don’t know if there is anything I can help with. If there is, 1 will do my best to cooperate!”
Apparently quite satisfied with his attitude, Xiao Chen’s stern expression softened a bit and he said indifferently:
“According to the information from the academy, in recent days, the activities of the White Lotus Sect have been extremely unusual, especially within the boundaries of Green Cloud County. They have frequently colluded with bandit forces and may have even developed it into a base!”
“Huh?!” Zhao Wuji’s forehead almost twisted into a “J 11” shape.
“I never noticed such a thing.”
“It’s normal for Lord Zhao not to notice, as the White Lotus Sect operates secretly. However, since our Martial Academy has discovered their whereabouts, it is time to eliminate them in their infancy.”
By the end, a rare trace of killing intent appeared on Xiao Chen’s handsome face.
The killing intent was fleeting, but Lu Yun still detected it.
After cultivating the Seven Kill Saber Technique to great accomplishment, his control and grasp of killing intent improved, and he became sensitive to killing intent. Naturally, he easily detected Xiao Chen’s transient killing intent.
“This guy has a story!”
Lu Yun glanced inconspicuously at Xiao Chen with a strange expression, and a story of love, hatred, and intrigue spanning tens of thousands of words emerged in his mind.
Zhao Wuji’s smile disappeared completely, and his expression turned solemn.
“Since it is information from the Martial Academy, it must be true.”
Having said that, his face turned serious.
“Come!”
“What does Lord Zhao command?”
The attendant who had been stopped by Xiao Chen earlier promptly stepped forward.
“Convey my order to summon Captain Wang immediately!”
“Yes!”
The attendant took the order and left.
After the attendant left, Zhao Wuji revealed his smile again: “Young masters, please come with me to the inner hall for a seat. I will have Captain Wang come and share information about the bandit situation in Green Cloud County.”
“Alright.”
It didn’t take long.
In the Government Hall, a tall, stern-faced middle-aged man with a saber on his waist entered.
“Lord Zhao!”
“Captain Wang is here, please have a seat!”
Captain Wang nodded slightly to Xiao Chen and Lu Yun, then sat down with dignity.
Zhao Wuji introduced him, “This is Captain Wang of our Green Cloud County. He is experienced and reliable in his work.”
Continuing, he said, “These two are the Heavenly Prides from the Flying Spirit Martial Academy, Young Master Xiao and Young Master Lu. They have come to our Green Cloud County for the matter of the White Lotus Sect, and they may need your help.”
“Young Master Xiao, Young Master Lu, if there is anything you need to know, you can ask Captain Wang.”
With Zhao Wuji’s assurance, Xiao Chen and Lu Yun turned their gazes to Captain Wang.
When Captain Wang first entered, Lu Yun had felt a strong killing intent from him, indicating that Captain Wang had been involved in a lot of bloodshed..


CHAPTER-42
Chapter 42: Chapter 42, Inquiry

What surprised Lu Yun was that the Killing Intent from the other party was rather chaotic and gradually dissipated around Captain Wang.
If Captain Wang stopped killing, the Killing Intent on his body would completely disappear in three to five years.
Of course, this was just Lu Yun’s speculation.
Xiao Chen slightly bowed his hand: “Captain Wang!”
“Young Master Xiao is too polite!” Captain Wang hurriedly returned the courtesy.
“If Young Master Xiao has anything he wants to know, just say it, and I’ll tell everything I know.”
Although there was just a young boy in front of him, he didn’t have any disdain in his heart.
Not to mention standing in front of him, there was a faint sense of danger.
Most importantly, the other party was a disciple of the Martial Academy.
The identity of a Martial Academy disciple was enough to make many people cautious and respectful.
Thinking of this, Captain Wang didn’t dare to underestimate the other party in his heart.
Xiao Chen asked, “Our Martial Academy found that the White Lotus Sect has connections with the mountain bandits in Green Cloud County, and has established a stronghold. We hope that Captain Wang can introduce us to all the information about the mountain bandits.”
“White Lotus Sect?”
Caution appeared on Captain Wang’s face, and his complexion became serious. He then appeared to fall into memory, and after a long time, he slowly began to speak.
“Since Lord Zhao took office as the County Magistrate of Green Cloud County, he has been vigorously rectifying the situation. The gangs in the county have been wiped out one after another, and the mountain bandits have stopped their activities and fled into the deep mountains and forests.
Afterward, the city guards continued to hunt them down. With no other sources of income, most of the mountain bandit forces disbanded.
Now, there are still three mountain bandit forces on a large scale, namely Black Tiger Village, Black Wolf Gang, and White Cloud Villa.”
Xiao Chen and Lu Yun sat there, listening to Captain Wang’s words.
From the other party’s words, it can be seen that he highly respects Zhao Wuji, the County Magistrate, and also obtained some information.
When the other party finished speaking, Lu Yun asked, “White Cloud Villa doesn’t sound like a mountain bandit force, does it?”
“White Cloud Villa used to be White Cloud Mountain Village. After a new Second Master joined them, it didn’t take long for the name to change to White Cloud Villa, and the Second Master transformed into the Villa Master.”
Captain Wang had just finished speaking when Zhao Wuji took over the conversation.
“White Cloud Villa has not been involved in burglary and robbery in recent years, gradually getting rid of the identity of mountain bandits, starting to run their own industry and becoming a part of the county. It should not have much to do with the White Lotus Sect.
I lowever, we need to thoroughly investigate Black Tiger Village and Black Wolf Gang. If they are indeed connected to the White Lotus Sect, 1 will not spare them!”
“This White Cloud Villa is quite interesting?” Lu Yun stroked his chin and thought in secret.
In his opinion, White Cloud Villa must be extraordinary, especially the newly arrived Second Master.
However, Zhao Wuji was not wrong. White Cloud Villa had already gotten rid of their mountain bandit identity.
According to the information from the Martial Academy, Black Tiger Village and Black Wolf Gang were more likely to be the strongholds of the White Lotus Sect.
“Investigating and eliminating the White Lotus Sect stronghold in the Green Cloud County is the mission of my Junior Brother Lu and me on this trip, so Lord Zhao, please rest assured,” said Xiao Chen indifferently.
“Well, since it is a trial mission of the Martial Academy, 1 naturally dare not interfere too much. Moreover, with the strength of Young Master Xiao and Young Master Lu, there should be no problem handling it.”
By the end, Zhao Wuji subtly praised Lu Yun and Xiao Chen.
In fact, what he said was true. Not everyone in the Martial Academy could accept the task of dealing with the Evil Cult forces.
Without enough strength, they could only obediently stay in the Martial Academy and slowly take on those low-contribution tasks. Unless necessary, they were not even allowed to leave the Academy’s gate easily.
After all, those who could enter the Martial Academy had good talents. Once they grew up, they could hold a good position in the various institutions of the court or the army.
“Where are Black Tiger Village, Black Wolf Gang, and White Cloud Villa respectively?”
“Both Black Tiger Village and Black Wolf Gang are in the Green Cloud Mountain Range to the east, while White Cloud Villa is in the outside of the west gate of Green Cloud County, about thirty miles away.” Captain Wang answered this time.
“Located in two opposite directions, this is quite troublesome!” Xiao Chen furrowed his brow slightly.
At this moment, Zhao Wuji suddenly said, “Although this is a trial mission of the Martial Academy, since it happened within Green Cloud County’s territory, I naturally cannot stand idly by. I can provide some simple help.”
Having said that, he looked at Captain Wang and ordered, “Since Young Master Xiao and Young Master Lu are visiting Green Cloud County for the first time and are not very familiar with some places, let Captain Wang guide the two young masters!”
“Thank you, Lord Zhao!”
Xiao Chen did not refuse Zhao Wuji’s proposal. They did need someone familiar with the Green Cloud Mountain Range on this trip. Otherwise, who knows how long it would take for him and Lu Yun to find Black Tiger Village and Black Wolf Gang on their own?
“Today is getting late. If we set off now, it would already be dark before we reach the Green Cloud Mountain Range. Maybe you two should rest for the night and set off tomorrow!”
Xiao Chen and Lu Yun looked at each other, and after nodding their heads together, they said, “Okay, we’ll set off early tomorrow!”
Although it was their first mission, they were not completely inexperienced rookies.
Not only were they unfamiliar with the Green Cloud Mountain Range, but there was also the long journey, which consumed a lot of their True Qi.
If they were not at their peak state and encountered a White Lotus Sect stronghold, it might not be so easy to complete the mission.
With that, Zhao Wuji arranged accommodations for Xiao Chen and Lu Yun.
Originally, Zhao Wuji wanted to set up a banquet for the two in the Bright Moon Building, but it was refused by Lu Yun.
Their mission on this trip was to keep a low profile; otherwise, the White Lotus Sect would discover their clues, secretly move their stronghold, and their mission would end fruitlessly.
“The two young masters have a good rest, and see you tomorrow morning!”
After arranging accommodations for Xiao Chen and Lu Yun, Captain Wang retreated and left.
After Captain Wang left, only Xiao Chen and Lu Yun remained.
Gently closing the door, Lu Yun laughed and said, “Brother Xiao, what do you think of our trip tomorrow?”
“No matter what, tomorrow’s trip to Green Cloud Mountain Range will not be fruitless!”
“Do you think that Black Tiger Village or Black Wolf Gang is connected with the White Lotus Sect, or even one of their strongholds?”
“It’s not impossible, and even if they have nothing to do with the White Lotus Sect, what can be done?
As disciples of the Martial Academy, even if we cannot act on behalf of the heavens, it is our duty to eliminate some mountain bandits that harm the people of Morigin.”
Xiao Chen slowly walked to the window, looking at the slowly rising silver moon, lost in thought.
The bright silver light fell on that somewhat cold face, making the chill on his body even more obvious..


CHAPTER-43
Chapter 43: Chapter 43, Black Tiger Village

He rested lightly throughout the night.
At the crack of dawn, Lu Yun woke up early.
Despite having the panel, he still held the cultivation concept of winter training in the coldest spells, summer training in the hottest spells, thousands of hammers and hundreds of forging, and achieving proficiency through practice.
After ending his early morning cultivation, Lu Yun opened the panel.
Name: Lu Yun
Power: Flying Spirit Martial Academy
Martial Arts: Breaking Wind Saber Technique (Perfection, unimprovable), Mix Origin Technique (Perceive Truth, unimprovable), Pure Yang Aura (Great accomplishment 36%), Seven Kill Saber Technique (Great accomplishment 1%)
Innate Talent: Five Star
Martial Arts: Meridian Passage Realm (Eight meridians)
Energy Value :2
After leaving the Martial Academy, the cultivation progress of the Pure Yang Aura increased by two percent, and the Energy Value accumulated two points again.
It must be said, even though the progression of cultivation is slightly slower, a faint smile can be found on Lu Yun’s face.
This cultivation progression showed that even without relying on the panel, his talent for cultivation was not low.
Suddenly, he moved his ears slightly and looked at the door, where a shadow was moving.
He got up and opened the door, only to see Captain Wang who came with a knife in hand.
At the same time, Xiao Chen from the next room opened his door and came out.
“The two young masters are up early!” Seeing Lu Yun and Xiao Chen come out almost simultaneously, Captain Wang’s face gave a start, but quickly returned to normal.
“Captain Wang is up very early too!”
Lu Yun slightly smiled, his gaze landing on the bundle Captain Wang held in his right hand.
“I brought some breakfast from the market. It’s not much, but it should suffice for the two young masters. Let’s eat and then we can set off!”
As he spoke, Captain Wang opened the bundle to reveal some delicate pastries and fragrant fruits.
Xiao Chen spoke: “Captain Wang, your intentions are appreciated. However, it’s not early anymore, we should set off soon!”
“Oh— ” Captain Wang was stunned, not knowing where to put the food in his
hands.
“Captain Wang, as martial artists, we can withstand hunger for a day or two. The priority right now is to set off promptly, so we don’t fall behind schedule.” Lu Yun explained at this point.
“Master Lu Yang is right.” Captain Wang complied with a smile.
Under the guidance of Captain Wang, the three of them rode their horses out of the county city, heading towards the Green Cloud Mountain Range.
More than two hours later, the Green Cloud Mountain Range lay before their eyes.
“The Green Cloud Mountain Range and Cloud Dream Mountain Range are both offshoots of the Hundred-Thousand Mountains. They both contain many high-level Demon Beasts deep within.
Luckily, both Black Tiger Village and Black Wolf Gang are located along the outskirts of the Green Cloud Mountain Range. Otherwise, even if Lord Zhao ordered it, I wouldn’t dare to lead you here.”
Captain Wang, who led the way on his horse, spoke with lingering fear, indicating his evident trepidation towards the Green Cloud Mountain Range.
“I wonder how Spirit Creek Village is doing now.” Listening to Captain Wang mention the Cloud Dream Mountain Range, Lu Yun thought of Spirit Creek Village. That was the first place he came to when he arrived, and it became his first home where he had his ties.
“Junior Brother Lu, Demon Beasts are the second enemy of our Morign Dynasty. Now that we have entered the Green Cloud Mountain Range, we should be careful.” The normally reticent Xiao Chen suddenly spoke out.
Lu Yun nodded. During his days in the Martial Academy, he not only improved his strength but also broadened his knowledge and understanding of the Morign Dynasty.
If the evil cult powers of Red Moon Demon Sect and White Lotus Sect were the enemies of the Morign Dynasty, then these Demon Beasts were enemies of all mankind.
“Young masters, that mountain up ahead is the stronghold of Black Tiger Village. Let’s proceed with caution!” Captain Wang pointed to a rugged and barren hill and said.
Then, the three men made their way towards the barren hill. After an hour, they sighted a vast group of hill villages in the distance.
The area of Black Tiger Village was not vast, but surrounded by steep and unexplored cliffs. Only one road led to the hilltop. Its terrain was ideal, easy to defend and hard to attack, a single man could hold the pass against ten thousand.
But this is for ordinary people. Among the three of them, the weakest, Captain Wang, is already in the mid-stage of the Meridian Passage Realm, making it easy for him to climb the mountain.
Arriving halfway up the desolate mountain, where the path no longer accommodated horses, Captain Wang dismounted.
Looking towards a small black dot on the mountain top, Captain Wang said, “Black Tiger Village has a lookout tower, always manned. If we climb through this path, we will certainly be spotted. If the bandits attack us from above with crossbows, even our high cultivation wouldn’t shield us.”
“It’s simple, we sneak up from the side.”
“Hmm, that will work!”
After saying this, Xiao Chen and Lu Yun also dismounted, tying the reins of their horses to a large tree and headed towards the left side of the desolate mountain. Captain Wang quickly followed.
This cliff, difficult for most people to climb, could not stop the three of them. They soon reached the mountain top.
Perhaps they believed that due to the excellent position of Black Tiger Village, even if Green Cloud County sent an army, they wouldn’t be able to attack immediately, so the defense was very weak. Only four bandits were on guard.
Lu Yun and Xiao Chen flashed a movement, quickly dealing with the few bandits guarding the entrance of Black Tiger Village.
More than a village, Black Tiger Village was like a congregation of houses built with rocks and wood and stood on top of the desolate mountain.
After dealing with the guards and entering the gate, the three of them effortlessly moved through the village, as if in deserted lands.
It wasn’t that their movements were unusually agile, it’s just that the defense of the Black Tiger Village was too lax—so lax that it seemed unaffected by external threats.
On the journey, Lu Yun completely dismissed his doubts about Black Tiger Village being a base of the White Lotus Sect. If such a place was considered a base, it could only mean that the Morign court was too corrupt, incapable of thoroughly eliminating even the White Lotus Sect.
Soon, they arrived in front of a rather rudimentary hall.
The first thing that caught their eye was a grey-brown plaque. It was unknown how many years it had been hanging there—it looked quite old—but the three crookedly written characters on it were glaring.
Hall of Loyalty and Righteousness!
Upon seeing these three words, Lu Yun dazed momentarily.
Not for any other reason, but because these three words seemed familiar, reminding him of The Marshes of Mount Liang in his previous life.
However, compared to The Marshes of Mount Liang, this Black Tiger Village was far behind in every aspect.
Inside the Hall of Loyalty and Righteousness.
Currently, almost all of the Black Tiger Village’s bandits had gathered here, apparently holding a meeting.
At the top position of the Hall of Loyalty and Righteousness lay a wooden chair, covered with a black tiger skin. A muscular and sturdy man was sitting on it.
Unlike the tattered clothes of other bandits, this sturdy man was dressed perfectly in silk and satin. He was draped in a large tiger skin coat, and a long sword with a cold gleam was placed beside the wooden chair.
This man was the Village Chief of Black Tiger Village.
He sat in silence, emanating a strong aura that resulted in the bandits in the Hall of Loyalty and Righteousness holding their breath.
“Hmm, continue arguing!”
After the Village Chief of Black Tiger Village harrumphed, the atmosphere in the hall became even more oppressive and quiet. The bandits lowered their heads, not daring to meet the Village Chief’s gaze.
“Chief, it’s true that a few days ago a big demon suddenly came out from the depths of the Green Cloud Mountain Range. The Black Wolf Gang, from the gang members down to the ordinary members, all fell victim to it. It’s no wonder everyone is worried.”
The one speaking was a middle-aged man, also dressed in fine silk. He was the number two person in Black Tiger Village, and at this time, he was the only one who dared to meet the gaze of the Village Chief.
“The other gang members being short-sighted is one thing, but you, our advisor…”
Before the Village Chief could finish, the military advisor interrupted him, saying:
“Chief, you misunderstood. I fully agree with your plan to absorb the territory of the Black Wolf Gang. Only like that can we strengthen the power of our Black Tiger Village. However, in order to avoid what happened to the Black Wolf Gang from happening again, we must be prepared for the demon beasts that lurk deep within the mountain range!”
“Oh?” The gaze of the Village Chief of Black Tiger Village narrows. He smiles and says, “Advisor, do you have any suggestions? Let’s hear them.”
The advisor unfolds his folded fan, smiles mysteriously and says, “Instead of saying it’s prevention, it would be better to say…”
Bang!
At this moment, the sound of a door being broken interrupted the advisor’s words..