CHAPTER-5
Chapter 5
Tonight’s Nanxiang City was destined to be sleepless.
Lu Ming’s guess was basically right.
The moment the tower appeared, all the Internet communications were cut off. At the same time, a strange black mist circle appeared around Nanxiang City.
With the tower as the center, the black mist formed a neat circle that surrounded the entire Nanxiang City, including the three satellite cities that belonged to Nanxiang City and 14 small county cities.
From that moment on, Nanxiang City became an isolated island. No one outside could enter, and no one inside could get out.
Three minutes after the tower appeared, the elderly and the infirm began to go crazy.
They turned into zombies with exploding motor skills and bit anyone they saw. Those who were bitten would become ill on the spot in just ten seconds and join the ranks of zombies.
This was a terrifying disaster.
Just three hours later, the huge Nanxiang City announced that it had changed hands and fallen into the hands of the zombies.
The remaining survivors hid and trembled, not even daring to breathe loudly.
Run?
Can’t outrun a zombie.
Fight?
Don’t even mention it.
For those living in Nanxiang City, this disaster was sudden and violent. Countless people prayed that someone would save them from this disaster. Countless people stayed up all night.
The next day, Monday, 6 a.m.
Lu Ming opened his eyes on time, feeling refreshed.
He got out of bed and dressed. Lu Ming unlocked the door and opened it.
He went to the kitchen first and fetched a pot of water. Lu Ming was going to boil it and store it for washing clothes or washing his face.
From today onwards, drinking water will be stored in bottles. For washing face, washing clothes, and taking a shower, he could use boiled tap water.
Zombies were infectious, so Lu Ming felt that the tap water might be contaminated. It might not be safe even if it was boiled. It could only be used for washing up.
And water will be consumed faster than food. Fortunately, I prepared a lot of bucket baths on the second floor that can be used to collect rainwater.
For the time being, he did not have to worry about water.
He took out green shrimps from the fridge on the second floor and some spinach from the fridge on the first floor. He took some rice and placed it in the pot to cook porridge.
Turning on the gas stove, Lu Ming began to stir-fry spinach.
“I don’t know when the gas will run out, but I’ve prepared a few diesel furnaces. I don’t have to worry about not being able to eat hot food for the time being.”
However, Lu Ming did not prepare much diesel. He had to use it sparingly.
Soon, a steaming breakfast was ready.
White porridge, five cooked green shrimps, a small plate of stir-fried spinach, and a light but nutritious dish.
After cleaning up the dishes and eating three full bowls of porridge, Lu Ming heaved a sigh of relief.
“70% full. His appetite seems to be much bigger than before.”
He went to the reading area on the second floor and turned on his computer to check the information he had downloaded in advance.
—I just ate and couldn’t do strenuous exercise.
It was not until seven o’clock in the morning that Lu Ming stood up from his computer and went to the exercise area.
After briefly planning the upcoming training process, Lu Ming muttered softly, “Then let’s get started.”
Warm-up segment.
A thirty-minute jog.
Agility: 6 (6.1) ↑.
Then Lu Ming went to the barbell rack and chose a 25kg barbell.
He carried the barbell to the bench and placed it on the barbell rack on the stool. He lay back flat.
Gripping the barbell with both hands, he began to bench press.
12 sets, a total of three sets. There was a 60-second break between sets.
Since today was Lu Ming’s first time working out with fitness equipment, he did not pursue the limit and exhaustion. He was just familiarizing himself with the equipment and movements.
25kg of bench press weight was relatively easy for Lu Ming.
After three sets of bench presses, Lu Ming felt his chest muscles heat up, as if they had been activated.
He opened the attribute panel.
Name: Lu Ming.
Age: 25 years old.
Strength: 5.8 (6) ↑.
Physique: 6.2 (6.3) ↑.
Agility: 6 (6.1) ↑.
Fitness Lv. 1 (5/100): Maximum attribute points obtained every day increased by 0.1 point.
Strength increased by 0.2, physical strength by 0.1, and fitness proficiency increased by 5 points.
The effect was good. Lu Ming continued.
Warming up, anaerobic exercise, aerobic exercise, stretching…
About an hour and a half later, the Monday fitness plan was fully completed. Lu Ming sat on the bench to rest as he opened his attribute panel.
Name: Lu Ming.
Age: 25 years old.
Strength: 5.8 (6.4) ↑.
Physique: 6.2 (6.8) ↑.
Agility: 6 (6.6) ↑.
Fitness Lv. 1 (50/100): Maximum attribute points obtained every day increased by 0.1 point.
“Not bad!”
Today’s attributes were all maxed out, and his fitness skills had increased by 50 proficiency points, but they could not continue to increase.
His physical fatigue could not suppress his mental excitement.
Lu Ming couldn’t help but estimate in his heart, “The three-dimensional attribute increases by 0.6 points every day. That’s 6 points in 10 days, which means that I have an additional attribute stronger than an ordinary adult male!”
This speed was really exaggerated.
And what was even more exaggerated was another thing—human body restrictions!
There was no doubt that there were limits to the human body.
Judging from the speed at which Lu Ming’s attributes increased, he seriously suspected that this attribute system had already helped him break the limits of the human body.
“Can my three-dimensional attributes increase infinitely?”
“Can the speed of increase be maintained? Or even increased again?”
Lu Ming thought it would work, but he had no evidence.
But this was something that could be verified quickly.
Exhaustion quickly overwhelmed him. In order to save time, Lu Ming made himself a cup of protein powder as an additional meal in the morning.
After he finished the protein powder, he did not feel too sleepy. After some thought, Lu Ming went to the computer and opened the video he had downloaded.
The player came on and the video began to scroll.
“The slingshot seems simple, but you have to pay attention to the method when you fight…”
In the video, a middle-aged man holding a slingshot in front of the screen explained the correct use of the slingshot.
Unknowingly, Lu Ming was engrossed.
Lunch was boiled beef, stir-fried celery, and white rice.
The cooking method was simple and it was nutritious.
After eating a whole catty of beef, half a catty of vegetables, and two big bowls of rice, Lu Ming was satisfied.
“70% full. That’s enough.”
The drowsiness began to surge, but Lu Ming was not in a hurry to fall asleep.
He strolled slowly on the first floor and waited for 20 minutes before he walked into the bedroom, locked the door, climbed into bed, and began his afternoon nap.
From 12 noon to 1 p.m. was Lu Ming’s lunch break.
An hour later, Lu Ming got out of bed feeling refreshed and opened his attribute panel.
Name: Lu Ming.
Age: 25 years old.
Strength: 6.4
Physique: 6.8
Agility: 6.6
Fitness Lv. 1 (50/100): Maximum attribute points obtained every day increased by 0.1 point.
All attributes obtained in full!
Clenching his fists tightly, Lu Ming felt the surge in strength and became more and more confident about the future.
“I have the fortress, I have supplies, and I have the system.”
“What can the apocalypse do to me?”
After a rare moment of arrogance, Lu Ming immediately calmed down and patted his cheek.
“Steady and stay calm.”
“The zombies outside are already difficult enough. Who knows what dangers are there in the tower and the black mist?
He would not go out if he could.
He would not take risks if he could.
This was the first rule of survival in the apocalypse!
Going out?
I’ll wait until I’m done eating and drinking and my attributes are maxed out.


CHAPTER-6
Chapter 6
The lunch break was over, and at 1 o’clock in the afternoon, Lu Ming woke up and had a small amount of fresh fruit, which counted as a snack for the afternoon.
After that, Lu Ming found himself a bit idle with nothing to do.
With his attributes fully replenished in the morning, he was unable to gain any more attributes, Lu Ming did not want to put any additional strain on his body.
After a ten-minute slow walk on the treadmill, Lu Ming went to the reading area and turned on his computer to learn how to shoot a slingshot once again.
The video was not long, but it was a dry recording. After firmly grasping the knowledge from the video, Lu Ming picked up the slingshot and the small glass marbles used for practice.
The fitness area alone occupied 80 square meters on the 100-square-meter second floor.
At this moment, the fitness area was already filled with various equipment and weights, but there was still a long and narrow walkway on the side. One end of the walkway was connected to the reading area, while the other end had a foam archery target.
The walkway was about 10 meters long, which served as Lu Ming’s designated shooting practice area.
As a pessimist doomsayer maverick, Lu Ming had envisioned numerous types of global catastrophes, and a biohazard disaster was one of them.
Regardless of the type of doomsday scenario, weapons and a certain level of military force were indispensable.
Hunting and defending against external threats were all closely related to the use of force and weapons.
Long-range weapons played an important role in the use of force and combat.
Considering the strict gun control in China, Lu Ming chose three long-range weapons: bows, crossbows, and slingshots.
However, Lu Ming was not a shooting expert. As someone who preferred staying indoors, his proficiency with these weapons was only average.
With the arrival of the zombie apocalypse, even though Lu Ming had confidence in his safe house, he had to consider the inevitable possibility of engaging in combat.
“Moreover, I need to study the skill system in the attribute panel.”
Yesterday, he acquired the skill of fitness.
This made Lu Ming wonder if he could try to continue acquiring new skills himself.
On the second day after the apocalypse, in the afternoon.
With nothing better to do, Lu Ming picked up the slingshot.
It was extremely difficult to achieve precise shooting with a slingshot.
This was because the structure of a slingshot was simple and did not have any aiming mechanism.
Moreover, slingshots did not require ammunition, let alone standard projectiles for them. And different projectiles also had varying levels of wind resistance, which also determined the shooting trajectory and accuracy of the shot.
He stuffed the glass bead into the rubber band and pulled it open. He aimed at the target of the arrow, which was ten meters away.
There was a “Snap” sound.
The ammunition left the chamber and hit the barbell at the side. The glass bead exploded into glass dust.
“Heh, it’s challenging. Let’s give it another try.”
“Pa!”
“Pa!”
“Pa!”
As he fired, Lu Ming adjusted his hand position, hand gesture and shooting technique.
For a moment, the sound of glass beads shattering was incessant, but it was completely blocked by the excellent soundproofing of the safe house, and not a trace of it spread outside the door.
It was not until about the 20th shot that the glass bead finally hit the target.
Although it was a bit off target, hitting the second ring instead, it still gave Lu Ming a sense of accomplishment.
He opened the attribute panel.
Name: Lu Ming.
Age: 25 years old.
Strength: 6.4
Physique: 6.8
Agility: 6.7
Fitness lv1 (50/100).
Slingshot Lv1 (1/100): You have mastered the initial shooting technique of the slingshot. Agility increased by 0.1 points.
Lu Ming’s eyes lit up.
Skills could increase additional attributes—Lu Ming’s agility had increased by 0.1 points because of his slingshot!
This was a gain from farming attributes every day. It also meant that Lu Ming’s speed of farming attributes had increased again.
That went without saying.
“Just farm it!”
Every time the bullseye was hit, the slingshot shooting skill would increase by 1 proficiency point. Hitting a perfect ten earned a 2-point increase.
About half an hour later, the foam archery target was completely shattered, and Lu Ming’s slingshot shooting skill had leveled up to Level 2!
Slingshot Shooting Lv2 (5/200): You have acquired the basic shooting technique of the slingshot. Agility increased by 0.3 (+0.2) points.
Lv. 1 slingshot, increases agility by 0.1.
Upgrade another 0.2.
It only took a little more than half an hour.
“This speed is not slow…”
There was a “Snap” sound.
Another 10th ring.
Slingshot Lv2 (7/200).
“Moreover, there doesn’t seem to be any limitations on the proficiency points gained every day.”
There was no limit to proficiency, but there was a limit to Lu Ming’s wrist.
Even though Lu Ming’s physical fitness was already very strong, anyone who had played with a heavy-duty slingshot knew that pulling back the slingshot required significant strength. It was definitely a demanding task.
Feeling some soreness in his wrist, Lu Ming decisively stopped shooting.
Back in the reading area, Lu Ming gently massaged his wrist while deep in thought.
“I’ve obtained another skill.”
“And I can be sure that skills can also increase attributes.”
“Therefore, after basic fitness every day, I should put the matter of farming skills on the agenda…”
Anyway, the apocalypse was here. He had nothing to do. If he did not farm attributes or skills, Lu Ming would have to lie down or sit in front of the computer and watch small movies. That would be even more boring.
“And I kind of understand the logic behind skill acquisition.”
“Then can I get more skills to increase my three-dimensional attributes faster?”
Of course, the answer was yes!
He changed to a new target.
He picked up the crossbow beside him.
After some thought, Lu Ming removed the arrowhead from the crossbow, loaded it, and aimed at the archery target.
Using a crossbow was much simpler than a slingshot—because it had a sight scope, making aiming much easier.
There was a “Snap” sound.
The arrow flew from the crossbow and hit the bullseye, scoring a perfect ten.
He opened the attribute panel.
Agility: 7.
Crossbow Shooting Lv1 (1/100): You have mastered the initial shooting technique of the crossbow. Agility has increased by 0.1 points.
“But the proficiency obtained is different from a slingshot.”
Hitting a perfect ten with the slingshot earned 2 proficiency points, while the crossbow arrow only earned 1 point.
After a brief reflection, Lu Ming felt relieved and at ease with the results.
Because the difficulty was different.
The difference between having a sight scope and not having one was indeed significant…
Loading the crossbow again, Lu Ming took aim and fired.
This time, it hit the seven-ring.
There was no increase in proficiency.
“It could be a matter of the distance being too close. Crossbows inherently have a longer effective range compared to slingshots, making the shooting process easier. If I can shoot from a longer distance, the proficiency gained from hitting the target with a crossbow should be equivalent to that of a slingshot.”
Unfortunately, there was really not that much room in the house.
“Pa pa pa.”
Lu Ming shot thirty crossbow bolts in succession, damaging two of them. Finally, his crossbow shooting proficiency leveled up to level 2!
Crossbow Shooting Lv2 (0/200): You have mastered the initial shooting technique of the crossbow. Agility has increased by 0.3 points.
Agility had also increased to 7.2 points.
But there was bad news.
The proficiency in crossbow shooting could not be further improved—because the distance was too close and the difficulty was too low, thus it did not serve as an effective training exercise.
Lu Ming changed the target and took out his bow and arrows.
The fifth arrow hit the target.
Slingshot Lv1 (1/100): You have mastered the initial shooting technique of the slingshot. Agility increased by 0.1 points.
The difficulty of gaining proficiency in archery was the same as that of a slingshot shooting. Hitting a perfect ten earned 2 points, while hitting the target earned 1 point.
Instead of rushing to improve his archery proficiency, Lu Ming sat back in front of his computer. He opened the pre-downloaded material and found a tutorial on basic hand-to-hand combat.
“Since ranged weapons can trigger skills, there’s no reason why hand-to-hand combat can’t trigger skills.”
“If all the three shooting skills increase agility, then hand-to-hand combat should increase strength and stamina.”
Once again, I appreciate the internet for removing barriers to the dissemination of knowledge.
Lu Ming downloaded numerous combat tutorials, diligently watching and learning from each one. He then practiced the techniques himself, and soon enough, his skills were triggered.
Unarmed Combat lv1 (1/100): You have acquired the basic essentials of unarmed combat. Strength and stamina have increased by 0.1.


CHAPTER-7
Chapter 7
The apocalypse erupted last night. Today was the second day of the apocalypse.
Lu Ming did not know what was going on outside. The observation hole in the window could only see the situation on the street outside the house.
“But no matter what’s going on outside, it has nothing to do with me anymore.”
Lu Ming did not care what was going on outside.
He was more concerned about his condition.
Very, very tired…
Slingshot Lv2 (7/100).
Crossbow Shooting Lv2 (0/100).
Archery Lv1 (1/100)
Hand-to-hand combat Lv1 (53/100).
In the afternoon, Lu Ming triggered his skill and made dinner at around 5 o’clock. After taking a short break, he started to focus on improving his unarmed combat proficiency.
However, it was just punching the sandbag. His proficiency level was increasing at a rather slow pace—but there was no better alternative at the moment.
After more than an hour of punching bag, his proficiency level had only increased to 53 points, but at this point, Lu Ming already felt completely drained and exhausted.
Today was indeed a little tiring…
After drinking a cup of protein powder as an additional meal, Lu Ming washed up and counted the supplies. He couldn’t wait to go to bed.
Overwhelmed by intense fatigue, Lu Ming drifted into a deep slumber just half a minute later.
It was six in the morning on the third day of the apocalypse.
Lu Ming opened his eyes on time and stretched.
“A beautiful day has begun.”
He got out of bed, washed up, boiled water, and cooked.
While he was busy with these trivial matters, Lu Ming made plans for the day.
“In the morning, work out, read books, watch videos.”
“I’ll farm skill proficiency in the afternoon.”
After summarizing the day’s activities in two sentences, Lu Ming couldn’t help but sigh. “Another busy day.”
After breakfast, Lu Ming went up to the fitness area on the second floor and started farming the most important attributes every day.
Tuesday was a relatively relaxing day for back and shoulder exercises.
About an hour and a half later, the training ended. He opened his attributes panel and realized that his attributes had increased explosively again!
Name: Lu Ming.
Age: 25 years old.
Strength: 6.5 (7.2) ↑.
Physique: 6.9 (7.6) ↑.
Agility: 7.3 (8) ↑.
Fitness Lv. 2 (0/200): Maximum attribute points obtained every day increased by 0.2 points.
His three-dimensional attributes did not increase by 0.6, but by 0.7!
His fitness skill had been upgraded to Level 2. From now on, Lu Ming would obtain an additional 0.2 attributes every day!
Lu Ming was in high spirits and happy with his results.
Lu Ming even drank the bland protein powder happily.
Just as he was resting, he heard an explosion outside the window.
“Bang!”
“Da da da da da!”
“Boom!”
There were explosions, tremors, and the terrifying roars of zombies.
Lu Ming was stunned for a moment before he immediately went to the window and opened the observation hole to look at the street.
On the street, the zombies roared and ran towards the source of the sound, their bodies strong and full of energy.
The sound came from about three blocks away. From Lu Ming’s perspective, he could only see the rising smoke, but not much else.
Lu Ming muttered as he observed the scene through the observation hole.
“The military.”
“It has to be the military.”
“From the sound of it, it seemed like heavy firepower was being deployed. Only the military in China has access to such equipment.”
“So, the military is showing its might and preparing to recover the lost land?”
Lu Ming thought that the military would probably not be able to defeat such a terrifying zombie horde.
But he still hoped that the country and the military would take action.
Although he was an apocalyptic critic, Lu Ming did not like the apocalypse from the bottom of his heart. Even though he had made so many preparations, Lu Ming did not think that the apocalypse would do him any good.
There were many disadvantages.
There was no way to replenish the supplies.
There were only three years of supplies at home, and Lu Ming was panicking.
About twenty minutes later, the sounds from several streets away gradually subsided.
But Lu Ming didn’t know…
Anyway, the sound of the guns was gone, and there were no military vehicles driving into the city. The zombies had not returned.
After waiting for 10 minutes, there was no one on the empty street. Lu Ming simply closed the observation hole and ignored the matter.
“If the military wins, they will definitely appear and save the people.” Lu Ming was at ease with the moral character and responsibility of the soldiers. If they won, they would definitely inform a commoner like him.
“And if the military loses, it’s all the more reason not to go out.”
In summary, there was one point.
He would just wait.
Lu Ming was relatively calm.
The military incident in the morning did not affect Lu Ming much.
But for the other survivors, the gunfire this morning was undoubtedly a heavy blow!
“The military! The military is here to save us!!”
Twenty minutes ago, when the gunfire had just sounded,
in a three-story building in the city village, a woman’s surprised voice suddenly sounded.
The sudden sound startled the others.
A burly man in his thirties with a fierce expression lowered his voice and said fiercely, “Liu Aiyuan, keep your voice down!!”
The woman named Liu Aiyuan was stunned at first. Her face turned red and she looked angry, but she still pursed her lips.
There were a total of seven people here. The room the seven of them were in was the top floor of the three-storey small building.
Two days ago, the apocalypse had arrived. It was late afternoon, the time for getting off work. Therefore, many of the tenants in this group rental building were at home.
The moment the zombie calamity erupted, after the initial chaos, the seven tenants in the building successfully escaped and ran to the largest house in the building.
It was called a big house, but everyone knew about group rental buildings. The big house was only about 30 square meters.
Suddenly, seven people squeezed in at once. It was definitely crowded.
In addition, there were insufficient supplies in the house, and there was no separate bathroom. After two and a half days, everyone who lacked water, food, and a place to defecate was on the verge of collapse.
The appearance of the military meant a lot to them!
Food, water, a safe place, and no longer having to sleep with shit and piss.
The man who shouted at Liu Aiyuan was called Wang Sheng. After seeing Liu Aiyuan shut up resentfully, Wang Sheng took a deep breath and his expression improved.
Looking at the situation outside in detail through the window crack, Wang Sheng’s expression relaxed. He said softly, “Those zombies have very sensitive hearing. If not for the sound of gunfire, Liu Aiyuan’s voice just now would have sent us away collectively.”
“Brother Wang is right. Xiao Liu, you really have to pay attention to your voice. It’s fine if your voice is a little louder usually, but if you speak with this voice now, won’t you be harming others?”
A woman in her thirties with heavy makeup came to Wang Sheng and gently hugged his thick arm as she muttered to Liu Aiyuan.
Hearing Fan Huiling’s words, the anger in Liu Aiyuan’s eyes intensified.
Liu Aiyuan, who was 24 years old this year, did not have the fate of a princess but had the princess syndrome. Coupled with her beauty and many bootlickers, she developed an extremely domineering and selfish personality.
Fortunately, she was not really stupid.
After a few days of interaction, Wang Sheng had already used his fists to determine the status of the boss in this room. Liu Aiyuan knew that she would be beaten if she continued to argue. Although she did not say anything on the surface, she kept thinking about it.
At the side, 26-year-old Yao Zheng changed the topic.
“If the military comes, will we be saved?”


CHAPTER-8
Chapter 8
Yao Zheng’s words caused everyone in the room to discuss.
Feng Qin said, “Of course. Our country’s military is still awesome!”
Wang Gang: “I’ve seen many novels and movies about Resident Evil in the past. The content is pure nonsense! How can a body of flesh and blood withstand a torrent of steel? How can it withstand a missile or nuclear bomb? With the military’s help, this matter will definitely be resolved.”
Wei Kai: “So are we going to wait like this? Wait for the military to save us? Or should we run out and meet up with the military?”
Wei Kai’s words made everyone look up at Wang Sheng.
He was the boss here. He had the final say.
Wang Sheng fell silent.
He didn’t actually live in this building. He wasn’t a tenant. He’d been through hell and back, and he’d been deeply affected by the zombies.
They were extremely athletic! They ran fast and were strong! All of them were no different from Superman.
Moreover, Wang Sheng was a fake military fan. He knew very well that in the streets of the city, the military’s patriotism could not help at all.
With the strength and infectiousness of zombies, if the military engaged in street battles with them, it would be like carrying lanterns in the toilet—they were courting death!
To be fair, Wang Sheng felt that the military might not be able to resolve this situation.
But then again…
If the military couldn’t solve the problem, who could? Who could save them?
There was no food and the environment was harsh.
If he continued to wait, he would still die.
If he did not fight while he still had strength and the military could not deal with the zombies, he would really be dead.
He stared out the window.
The sound of artillery fire in the distance was extremely loud, attracting all the zombies around.
This scene caused Wang Sheng to make a decision.
“Let’s go and meet up with the military!”
As soon as he finished speaking, the other six people did not respond…
Everyone just looked at each other. They looked at each other, clearly not agreeing with Wang Sheng’s decision.
Fan Huiling said shakily as she pressed the big ball against Wang Sheng’s arm.
“Brother Wang, can’t we wait for the military to come and save us?”
Although Wang Sheng was burly, he was meticulous.
He could tell that Fan Huiling’s words also represented what the others thought.
Left with no choice, Wang Sheng explained, “Firstly, the military might just be passing by. If we don’t seize the opportunity to meet up with the military, the military might leave.”
This reason made everyone look at each other, but they admitted in their hearts that there was indeed such a possibility.
“Secondly, the military has already lured away most of the zombies. It’s not dangerous to go out now. Besides, if the military doesn’t come to save us, or they might not even be able to save us, it’s good for us to take this opportunity to go out and find some supplies.”
With that, Wang Sheng clapped his hands gently and encouraged, “I’ll lead the way later. If there’s any danger, I’ll go up first. You guys follow behind me. There shouldn’t be a problem, right?”
It was unavoidable to have misgivings, but Wang Sheng had already made himself clear. After everyone looked at each other, they reluctantly nodded.
Five men and two women, the seven young adults, opened the door uneasily or reluctantly and walked out of the safe house they had been staying within for two and a half days.
Everything was as Wang Sheng had expected.
The zombies had been lured away by the military.
He walked out of the room and stepped onto the stairs. There were bloodstains and broken limbs everywhere he looked, but there were no nightmarish zombies.
The seven of them went from nauseous retching at first to getting used to it.
From being cautious at the beginning, they slowly sped up.
Humans were very adaptable.
When they arrived at the street and saw the small shop, they swallowed their saliva but suppressed their hunger. They hurried towards the source of the roaring sound. Food and water were important, but as long as they caught a ride with the military, these were not problems.
They could still differentiate between priorities.
In the distance, the sound of gunfire gradually faded, just like the gradually sinking hearts of everyone.
Unknowingly, they quickened their pace and soon arrived at the edge of the battlefield.
Wang Sheng, who was in the lead, instantly stopped in his tracks.
The scene before them caused the pupils of Wang Sheng and the others to constrict.
Ahead, at a crossroads.
The four armored vehicles formed a circle, looking solid and immovable.
However, the faint screams and bites coming from inside the circle had already indicated the outcome.
The sound of gunfire had long since subsided.
The densely packed zombies were like vultures that had found food. They surrounded the armored vehicle in the center with three layers inside and three layers outside.
The zombies clung to each other and stepped on each other. The height had long passed the armored vehicle’s defense line. Through the gaps between the zombies, one could vaguely see the driver of the armored vehicle, who had already become a zombie, baring his fangs and brandishing his claws in the cockpit!
Wang Sheng suddenly waved at the people behind him.
It meant: “Don’t make a sound. Hurry up and retreat…”
However, how could a team that had only interacted for two and a half days have such tacit understanding?!
A deafening scream instantly resounded through the sky.
However, after seeing such a huge number of zombies and seeing with her own eyes that the military could not defeat the zombies, Liu Aiyuan’s psychological defense collapsed again…
“F*ck!”
Wang Sheng cursed angrily and turned to run without another word.
At the same time, the zombies were alarmed by the screams and turned to look at Wang Sheng and the others.
Countless pale eyes seemed to drag everyone into hell…
Other than Wang Sheng, the other six people seemed to have been immobilized and could not move their legs at all.
“Run! Run! Hurry!”
Wang Sheng was quite loyal. As soon as he turned around, he immediately shouted to wake everyone up… However, he did not know that his shout had sent him to hell.
A leg suddenly stretched out, and Wang Sheng tripped on the spot.
This threw Wang Sheng off balance.
When he looked up again, he saw that Liu Aiyuan, who had caused the tragedy, had already broken out of her trance. She glanced at him viciously and ran away like a rabbit.
“Liu Aiyuan, you’ve harmed me!”
Wang Sheng roared angrily. Just as he was about to get up, he suddenly felt a huge force surging behind him.
A zombie had already jumped three meters and was riding on Wang Sheng’s back.
“Rip.”
“Ah!!”
The blood gradually rose.
With just one bite, half of Wang Sheng’s neck was bitten off.
And the time it took for a corpse to transform was 10 seconds.
In these ten seconds, people were still human and a prey for the zombies.
The extremely fast zombies instantly pounced on Wang Sheng. The smell of blood made the zombies stack up on Wang Sheng’s body.
In addition, Liu Aiyuan and the other six had already run a certain distance away, so only a small number of zombies continued to chase after Liu Aiyuan and the others.
When Liu Aiyuan turned around and saw this scene, she felt relieved that she had taken revenge. “Who asked you to be fierce! How dare you be fierce to a woman when you have some strength! Are you still fierce now?!”
She made up her mind.
She secretly signaled to Yao Zheng, Feng Qin, Wang Gang, and Wei De. After a moment of hesitation, the four men revealed fierce expressions.
Yao Zheng grabbed Fan Huiling’s collar and pulled her to the ground.
Feng Qin, who was running behind Fan Huiling, stepped on her stomach, causing her to arch her back and lose the ability to get up quickly.
Tears welled up in her eyes involuntarily.
Looking at the other five people fleeing for their lives, Fan Huiling was filled with questions… However, before she could say anything else, the zombies that were still chasing behind her had already swarmed forward and enjoyed the feast.
From beginning to end, she did not utter a word.
With Wang Sheng and Fan Huiling as scapegoats, Liu Aiyuan and the others finally ran to an alley without zombies.
They stood rooted to the ground, panting heavily. The five of them looked at each other. Liu Aiyuan coughed lightly and smiled brightly.
“Thank you, brothers, for helping me.”
Yao Zheng placed his hands on his knees and panted as he reluctantly waved his hand. “I’ve also been unhappy with Wang Sheng for a long time. He wants to be the boss just because he has the strength. Who still competes in strength these days? He has to rely on his brain!”
As he spoke, he propped himself up and looked at the other three men.
“So Little Yuan, these three are…”
It was not difficult to tell from his words that Yao Zheng and Liu Aiyuan knew each other long ago.
This question made Liu Aiyuan smile shyly.
“Didn’t I tell you a few days ago? Come to my house and play some games that you haven’t played before… These are…”
“Oh~~”
The remaining four men looked enlightened at the same time and smiled wretchedly at each other. Everything was understood without words.
Liu Aiyuan continued, “Brothers, you will have plenty of time to get to know each other in the future. Let’s settle our food and drinks first before finding a safe place.”
“When everything is settled, let’s ~”
Her words were most seductive when she did not finish the sentence.
In addition, although she had not washed up for two days, Liu Aiyuan’s foundation was good to begin with. Coupled with her charming expression, the four men were instantly aroused. Even the apocalypse was not as scary.
Looking at the few of them who were energized and motivated instantly, Liu Aiyuan’s smile did not change, but a cold glint flashed across her eyes.
“Heh, man.”


CHAPTER-9
Chapter 9
The apocalypse was terrifying.
Women in the apocalypse were destined to suffer.
However, Liu Aiyuan felt that she could control everything!
This was because the skill she excelled in was her innate looks and figure!
This was an advantage that would not change with the environment.
She believed that with her own methods, it would be easy for her to deal with four hotheads.
Unfortunately, Wang Sheng was already dead.
That guy had a good brain and was strong, but he was a little chauvinistic. He did not understand her hints and instead made a fuss about her…
“Stupid man, how dare you shout at me! If you don’t die, who will?!”
“And in terms of brains, I, Liu Aiyuan, am not necessarily inferior.”
Killing Wang Sheng was part of Liu Aiyuan’s plan.
Or rather, she had a clear plan for the current situation—the appearance of the military was unexpected, but it didn’t matter in the current situation.
Liu Aiyuan brought her four friends to the street. After confirming that there were no zombies around, she quickly spoke.
“Food, water, and a safe place.”
The four men nodded, but unknowingly, they handed over the leadership to Liu Aiyuan.
Liu Aiyuan did not refuse.
She quickly said, “It’s not difficult to find food and drinks. There are several small shops nearby. There are enough supplies for us.”
Liu Aiyuan had just observed that although the military did not defeat the zombies, they managed to lure the horde of zombies away by a fortunate coincidence. The vicinity was relatively safe.
“The key is a safe house. The buildings in the city village are very old. The soundproofing is not strong.”
Yao Zheng and the other three nodded in unison. “The soundproofing ability is key.”
They knew how loud Liu Aiyuan’s voice was…
Liu Aiyuan smiled charmingly. “As it happens, I know a wonderful safe house. It’s on another street.”
“Let’s go over now.”
The safe house Liu Aiyuan was talking about was Lu Ming’s home.
The modified small building was already standing out from the crowd. In addition, there were many old people in the urban village, maintaining that sense of neighborhood and community found in the rural areas. If something happened in someone else’s home, it easily became widely known.
Lu Ming was clearly the number one oddball in the urban village.
A guy who liked to stockpile supplies.
A weirdo who had transformed his home into a fortress.
Liu Aiyuan had lived here for a year and had heard of Lu Ming’s name several times. Of course, in normal days, it was impossible for her to interact with such monsters, and it would never happen in her lifetime.
But the apocalypse had come. They were currently in need of a safe house, and it seemed like they had stumbled upon one.
Rolling her eyes, she came up with a plan.
Liu Aiyuan spoke quickly.
“Let’s go over there later and observe first. When we’re sure there’s no danger, I’ll knock on the door.”
“Once the door is opened, everyone swarms in and drives the owner out of the house.”
Yao Zheng and the others nodded vigorously. “Alright, let’s do that!”
Liu Aiyuan was confident regarding the matter of knocking on Lu Ming’s door.
The truth was that ever since she debuted at the age of 20, she had never encountered a situation where she could not enter a man’s house.
She tidied up her appearance in front of the nearby glass and made a cute gesture. Liu Aiyuan brought a large group of people and approached Lu Ming’s house.
They did not encounter any zombies along the way.
Not long after, she stood in front of Lu Ming’s house.
Upon waking up from the afternoon nap, all attributes were fully acquired.
Name: Lu Ming.
Age: 25 years old.
Strength: 7.2
Physique: 7.6
Agility: 8.
Fitness Lv2 (50/100).
Slingshot Lv2 (7/200).
Crossbow Shooting Lv2 (0/200).
Archery Lv1 (1/100)
Hand-to-hand combat Lv1 (53/100).
There was no soreness in his body from intense exercise. Instead, Lu Ming felt refreshed.
He got out of bed and did a stretch. Lu Ming was very satisfied with his condition.
Just as Lu Ming was planning his afternoon training, he suddenly heard the doorbell ring.
Frowning, he came to the door and looked out through the electronic screen.
Outside the door, a delicate woman stood pitifully in front of the door. Her big watery eyes seemed to have endless stories to tell.
“Is anyone there?”
“Is anyone there?”
“Mr. Lu, are you there?”
Liu Aiyuan kept calling the door with a delicate but muffled sob. Her voice that could evoke a man’s protective instincts kept calling at the door. At the same time, she glanced around and quickly saw the surveillance camera in front of the door.
She deliberately pulled down her collar, revealing her fair skin. Liu Aiyuan’s voice kept ringing as she used this method to open Lu Ming’s door.
She did not know that Lu Ming was standing on the other side of the door, calmly watching everything on the display.
Lu Ming said nothing.
He was destined not to make a sound.
About five minutes later, Liu Aiyuan sighed deeply.
“There’s no one home.”
“Then we would have to pry open the door…”
Liu Aiyuan bent down and picked up the crowbar by her feet. Just as she was about to tamper with Lu Ming’s door, she heard a voice coming from the loudspeaker.
“What do you think you are doing?”
The voice stunned Liu Aiyuan. She quickly stopped looking fierce and put on a pitiful expression again.
“Is it Brother Lu?”
“It’s not Brother Lu. My name is Lu Ming.”
“I’m not wrong… Brother Lu…”
“It’s Lu Ming.”
Liu Aiyuan: “…”
“Brother Lu Ming, did you hear the voices outside just now?”
Lu Ming did not respond.
Liu Aiyuan began to use the excuse she had prepared beforehand.
“The military is here. They lured the zombies out just now and killed them all. We’re already safe.”
Without giving Lu Ming a chance to ask about the details, Liu Aiyuan continued.
“The military is cleaning up the battlefield now. At the same time, they informed us volunteers to gather the survivors. They’ll take us to a safe place.”
Before Lu Ming could speak, Liu Aiyuan revealed a pitiful and tired expression.
“Brother, many people are dead. I… I’m so afraid. I really can’t do this mission anymore~~ Can you open the door and let me in to rest?”
As she spoke, Liu Aiyuan pulled her collar lower.
She gave herself 80 points for her speech.
It was a bad idea to seduce him directly. It would be a failed speech. If the other party was not an old pervert or had a woman in the house, everything would be in vain.
It was not good to be secretive. With the apocalypse, everyone was quite busy and flustered. Their minds were slow, and it was easy for them to not understand the hints in her words.
And the most brilliant way was to use the excuse of the military to give people a sense of security. After establishing a sense of security, one’s guard would be relaxed. Then, she herself would create a mountainous undulation, and 90% of normal men would not be able to resist this undulating charm.
She had already thought of what would happen next.
Lu Ming would open the door and she rushed forward to let him have a taste of her sweetness first. Once her “underlings” were in position, this safe house would belong to her, Liu Aiyuan.
She was thinking about the beautiful post-apocalyptic life in the future, but reality gave Liu Aiyuan a big slap in the face.
“Are you taking me for a fool? Or are you a fool yourself?”
“Five minutes of knocking on the door to search for survivors?”
“Do you need to carry a crowbar with you when you want to take a rest?”
“You look fake and your words are fake. You can’t be more fake from the inside out.”
“Now, please leave.”
When Liu Aiyuan heard this, she was so infuriated that her nose was almost bent out of shape.
In her life, she hated others for shouting at her and for saying that she had plastic surgery!
At this moment, Lu Ming had touched her sore spot and ruined Liu Aiyuan’s plan.
She might as well not act anymore.
Liu Aiyuan picked up the crowbar and was about to pry open the door when she shouted angrily, “Open the door! Open the door!”
Faintly, Liu Aiyuan heard hurried footsteps coming from the house.
Before she could think further, the window on the second floor suddenly opened. A stone with a huge force hit Liu Aiyuan’s forehead!
In an instant, Liu Aiyuan felt a huge bump on her forehead. She looked up and saw Lu Ming holding a slingshot and looking at her coldly.
Lu Ming spoke.
“Get lost!”
“I won’t say a second time!!”


CHAPTER-10
Chapter 10
As the saying goes, the strong fight the weak, and humiliate the foolish.
At this moment, Liu Aiyuan was in front of the door, and Lu Ming was on the second floor. Liu Aiyuan had a crowbar, but Lu Ming had a slingshot.
Faced with Lu Ming’s ultimatum, Liu Aiyuan opened her mouth, but she had no choice but to restrain her anger.
“Crazy!”
“Not a man!”
“I hope you won’t be able to stand up for the rest of your life!”
While cursing Lu Ming, Liu Aiyuan slowly retreated. Lu Ming closed the window, pulled down the iron gate, opened the observation hole, and watched closely every move of Liu Aiyuan.
The deal that she thought was in the bag had gone down the drain, and she had been beaten into a unicorn.
One could imagine Liu Aiyuan’s mood.
With a swollen forehead, Liu Aiyuan went to the gathering place with a stiff expression and saw her four lackeys.
“The plan failed.”
After saying that gloomily, Liu Aiyuan said resentfully,
“That house is a very ideal safe house. It’s been fortified as a whole. It’s stocked with food and water and even weapons.”
Liu Aiyuan was very tempted by Lu Ming’s house.
“But I was not able to get him to open the door. There’s nothing we can do about that…”
Liu Aiyuan spread her hands helplessly.
All four men spoke up.
“We found some food and water just now. Since we didn’t take down that house, let’s go back to the third floor.”
“The space on the third floor is too small. I’m afraid I won’t be able to use it. It just so happens that it’s not that dangerous here now. Let’s find a house nearby. It’s more spacious. At least there’s a bathroom.”
“By the way, look what I found. A small umbrella.”
“Brother, you’re so detailed…”
The four men’s conversation became more and more twisted and gradually became unrelated to Lu Ming’s house. This made Liu Aiyuan furious again!
“What are you talking about? Why are you talking about small umbrellas now? Is that about a small umbrella?”
However, this time, Liu Aiyuan did not receive the desired response.
Yao Zheng and the other three looked at each other helplessly.
“What can we do if he doesn’t open the door?”
“That’s right. You also said that the house has been reinforced. We don’t have any engineering equipment. What else do you want us to do if the owner doesn’t open the door?”
“If you ask me, the world is like this. That zombie is as strong as Superman. Why don’t we find a place to stay and live as long as we can?”
“Besides, we still have Aiyuan. Let’s enjoy each day as it comes. Instead of letting the zombie bite me to death, I might as well die in bed.”
“I agree, I agree.”
“No!!”
Liu Aiyuan’s sudden outburst interrupted the topic.
With a red and angry face, she said coldly, “Since I can’t have it, no one else can either!!”
As she spoke, she looked around and quickly saw the mourning hall by the roadside and the unlit firecrackers.
Liu Aiyuan walked over. As she walked, she gritted her teeth and cursed, “How dare you call me fake! I want to see you bitten to death by a zombie with my own eyes!!”
Behind him, Yao Zheng and the others looked at each other, as if they were helpless against Liu Aiyuan, who was throwing a tantrum.
After getting the firecrackers, Liu Aiyuan vented her anger.
“Set firecrackers outside his house! Lure the zombies back! How dare you not open the door for me! How dare you call me fake! How dare you hurt my face! I’ll kill him!”
This resentment was big enough.
However, she suddenly heard a voice behind her.
“The question is, who’s going to set off the firecrackers?”
That was a good question.
The fuse for the firecrackers was not long.
Coupled with the enhanced hearing and exceptional physical abilities of the zombies.
There was a high chance that the person who went to set off the firecrackers would be surrounded by zombies. It was extremely dangerous.
Yao Zheng and the other three men obviously would not take on this mission that would kill them. Liu Aiyuan rolled her eyes and flicked her hair, making a charming expression.
“Whoever takes the initiative to go will be my knight. Today, no, I will reward Brother in the future…”
The four men laughed out loud, but their expressions gradually became strange.
“Knight? We’re still your knights even if we don’t go~~”
“Aiyuan, listen to me. Hatred is not that important. In this world, even the military can’t defeat a zombie. Then there’s nothing more important than happiness.”
“By the way, Aiyuan, didn’t you say before that we have to play some shows that we haven’t played before? Hurry up and start. We’ve already prepared the place and a small umbrella.”
As they spoke, Yao Zheng and the other three approached Liu Aiyuan.
Even though Liu Aiyuan was not as smart as she thought, she realized that something was wrong.
A stiff fake smile appeared on her face. Liu Aiyuan said in a low voice, “Brothers, help me take revenge first. We have time to have fun after that…”
Yao Zheng: “Haha, that’s not up to you.”
Liu Aiyuan did not think about it. When Wang Sheng scolded her in the house, none of the four men were willing to stand up for her.
This friendship was clearly not very reliable.
Yao Zheng covered Liu Aiyuan’s mouth. The others raised her legs and they quickly disappeared into a small shop at the end of the street.
Yao Zheng and the others did not know that Lu Ming, who was on the second floor, had seen everything clearly.
Lu Ming did not know how to lip-read, so he naturally did not know what had happened between Liu Aiyuan and the others.
However, Lu Ming saw Liu Aiyuan pick up the firecrackers clearly!
At that moment, cold sweat broke out on Lu Ming’s forehead.
Lu Ming murmured.
“What’s she doing with firecrackers?”
“Blast the door!”
“Yes, she must be preparing to blow up my door!”
Even if the firecrackers can’t destroy the door, they will still lure the zombies back! Once my door is blocked by the zombies, the consequences will be unimaginable!
“This bitch! Cyborgs! They’re trying to harm me!”
“They want to harm me!!”
“I’m going to die…”
The more he thought about it, the faster Lu Ming’s heart beat.
However, when his vigilance reached a certain level, Lu Ming suddenly calmed down.
Looking at the empty street outside, Lu Ming slowly clenched his fists.
“Humans are harmless, but tigers are harmful!”
“I’m clearly just an ordinary person. I never had any intention of harming others. I just wanted to stay at home obediently. I’ve never provoked anyone!”
“But now, you all are trying to harm me!”
“Why?!”
“No, I can’t wait! Strike first to gain the advantage, the one who strikes later will be the one to suffer the consequences!”
“I have to kill you first!”
After muttering this, Lu Ming immediately went upstairs and took out crossbows, slingshots, machetes, and daggers.
Looking at the sharp blade, Lu Ming’s gaze was solemn.
“I have to kill them before they get me killed! As soon as possible!”
“It’s not illegal. It’s reasonable self-defense!”
He recalled the nearby streets, road conditions, secret doors, and hiding spots.
After confirming that even if a small number of zombies appeared, he had a high chance of survival, Lu Ming took a deep breath.
“I have to kill them first.”
“Or I’m dead!”
“Killing the danger in the cradle is worth my taking the risk to go out!”
He turned around and went downstairs.
A chilly atmosphere arose spontaneously.
“Click, click, click, click, click.
The five locks opened and Lu Ming quietly pushed open the door.
Looking at the bloody street outside, Lu Ming’s gaze seemed extremely deep.


CHAPTER-11
Chapter 11
With her mouth covered, Liu Aiyuan could not and did not dare to scream.
After entering the safe house chosen by the four men, Liu Aiyuan whimpered twice. After Yao Zheng confirmed Liu Aiyuan’s condition, he let go and Liu Aiyuan panted heavily.
Yao Zheng said softly, “Don’t scream. Once we attract a zombie, we’ll all die, understand?”
Liu Aiyuan nodded repeatedly.
But hatred flashed in her eyes.
That’s true…
With Liu Aiyuan’s personality, how could she not resent this matter? How could she not hate?
However, if she attracted the zombies, she would have to die with them. She did not want to die with four stinky men.
This was called fear of death. It easily overwhelmed etiquette and integrity—though she had no shame to speak of.
She rolled her eyes and thought of a plan.
Liu Aiyuan immediately decided to comfort her four lackeys first. She would think about taking revenge later.
As soon as her mentality changed, she became restless.
The clothes fell off one by one. Coupled with her charming posture, Yao Zheng and the other three were quickly attracted to Liu Aiyuan.
Swallowing hard, Yao Zheng said, “That door and window…”
“It’s closed. It’s all closed.”
“Then what are we waiting for!”
Yao Zheng was the first to pounce on her, causing Liu Aiyuan to laugh charmingly.
She could tell.
The mental states of Yao Zheng and the other three men were a little abnormal—perhaps because they were under too much pressure and panic.
Her methods were indeed useless in front of a person with mental illness.
But none of that mattered.
After comforting these beasts, Liu Aiyuan would have plenty of ways to deal with them.
As she cooperated, her imagination ran wild.
Soon, the scene in the house could not be described.
The street was very quiet.
Lu Ming’s footsteps also approached the silence.
Thank you again to the military.
Although Lu Ming did not know how the military was doing, their appearance had lured away almost all the zombies, which made it extremely convenient for Lu Ming to go out.
Lu Ming had to remember their kindness.
He did not encounter any zombies along the way.
Soon, Lu Ming arrived at Wanda Mart.
Wanda Mart was a small convenience store located in the urban village. It was not big, about 50 square meters. The ground floor was used for selling goods, while the second floor served as the bedroom for the store owner.
In normal times, Lu Ming had bought miscellaneous items like light bulbs from here before and was quite familiar with this place.
At this moment, the glass door of the shop was closed, but the rolling shutter was not completely shut. Lu Ming’s ears were sharp, and he could vaguely hear strange sounds coming from the second floor.
This made Lu Ming scratch his head.
Are these people really not afraid of zombies?
The sound is so loud, if I can hear it, the zombies most likely can hear too.
It’s fortunate that the military had lured the zombies away, otherwise, these people upstairs would definitely become the zombies’ next meal.
Lu Ming did not understand what these people were thinking.
He didn’t want to delve into it either.
Go up, eliminate the threat, and then go home!
It was that simple!
He gently pushed open the door.
The door was closed but not locked.
He took out the cocked crossbow and tiptoed down the stairs to the second floor.
A scene of chaos caught Lu Ming’s eye.
Looking at the entangled group of four men and one woman, Lu Ming frowned.
“They’re quite promiscuous…”
He inwardly commented, but his actions were swift.
Raising the crossbow, looking through the sight, Lu Ming focused all his attention.
Until a certain moment.
Just a loud thud.
The crossbow bolt shot out!
The power of the crossbow was comparable to that of a regular firearm at close range.
The five people, who were in a state of blissful ecstasy, could not react in time!
A streak of arrow light flashed, piercing through the neck of Yao Zheng, who was in a dominant position.
The crossbow bolt did not stop after piercing through Yao Zheng’s neck. It carried Yao Zheng’s body and was forcefully impaled on the face of Wei Kaifa.
Killing two birds with one stone!
In an instant, blood splattered, interrupting the terrible scene on the second floor.
However, the remaining three people were too stunned to react…
The sudden lethal move left the three of them completely bewildered, with only Lu Ming, who had coldly executed the attack, remaining sober.
Without another word, Lu Ming threw away the crossbow, picked up the slingshot, pulled the string, and fired.
The sharp-edged metal scrap shot out at an extremely high speed, hitting Feng Qin’s eye socket with precision.
Red and white splattered once again.
Just as Wang Gang and Liu Aiyuan were about to scream in shock, Lu Ming’s low voice thundered.
“Don’t scream. This is a robbery.”
The exclamation was immediately stifled, and Wang Gang, who was about to surrender, was struck squarely in the eye socket by a flying projectile.
Clearly, the robbery was a ruse, just a means to minimize the commotion.
Lu Ming had come with the intention to kill from the very beginning.
Liu Aiyuan also seemed to have realized Lu Ming’s intentions.
From Lu Ming’s perspective, he could only see Liu Aiyuan’s mouth wide open, and the next moment, a piercing soprano voice resounded, reaching the streets.
“What a pity.”
With a sigh in his heart, knowing that the horde of zombies was about to arrive at the battlefield, Lu Ming quickened his movements once again.
He reloaded and pulled the pin.
The metal scrap shot out once more, directly entering Liu Aiyuan’s body through her open mouth.
“Splurt!”
Liu Aiyuan spat out a mouthful of blood, mixed with teeth. Immediately after, her eyes rolled back, and she collapsed onto the bed.
This “bullet” entered through her mouth, directly breaking Liu Aiyuan’s cervical vertebra, and then burst out from her neck, shattering the window behind her into pieces.
Seeing this, Lu Ming decisively grabbed his crossbow and ran downstairs without a second thought.
He had no intention of finishing anyone off.
Because Lu Ming could already vaguely hear the rapid approach of the footsteps of the zombies.
The distance from this place to home was probably about a hundred meters.
As soon as Lu Ming stepped out of the shop, he immediately started running with all his might.
With all his strength, in just a dozen seconds, Lu Ming arrived at his doorstep.
He grabbed the door handle, forcefully pulled it open, and swiftly entered the house. He carefully closed the door and locked it. Lu Ming heard the sound of a tidal wave of zombies rushing on the street outside.
“Fortunately, fortunately! Just in time!”
After inwardly sighing with relief, Lu Ming quickly went up to the second floor. He opened the observation hole and looked out. He saw dozens of zombies rushing towards the Wanda Store, following Liu Aiyuan’s scream. However, there were also a few zombies that seemed to have heard the sound of Lu Ming closing the door, lingering in front of Lu Ming’s house, unwilling to leave.
“Four of them, the number is manageable.”
Being blocked by four zombies at the door was obviously a terrible experience.
But, after comprehensive judgment, Lu Ming still believed that his decisive action this time had more advantages than disadvantages.
“If someone wants to harm me, I’ll strike back first and eliminate the danger in its infancy.”
The guilt of taking someone’s life dissipated simply within his heart.
Lu Ming nodded firmly. “There’s nothing wrong with what I did!”
Then he looked in the direction of the Wanda Store.
The extremely athletic zombies had already shattered the glass door of the Wanda store and were swarming inside, beginning their feast.
In this situation, even if there were any survivors, it was unlikely that they would escape unscathed.
After eating a banana, Lu Ming closed the observation hole and prepared to start his afternoon exercise.


CHAPTER-12
Chapter 12
In the Wanda Shop.
Wang Gang woke up from his fainting spell, feeling a splitting headache and his right eye seemed blind, unable to see anything.
He had no idea how long he had been unconscious.
But soon, Wang Gang recalled the last scene he saw before passing out—the man with the slingshot.
Wang Gang shuddered, struggling to get up, and immediately saw his four companions.
Yao Zheng and Wei Kai were pinned together by a crossbow bolt, indistinguishable from each other, dead beyond death.
Feng Qin’s eye was exploded by the slingshot—he was not as lucky as Wang Gang getting hit in a vital spot by the heavy slingshot, and died a clean death.
Poor Liu Aiyuan had her mouth and cervical vertebrae shattered.
At this moment, she had not completely breathed her last breath.
But her spine was shattered, causing Liu Aiyuan to lose the ability to control her body. She lay naked on the bed, unable to turn her head or move, her eyes staring straight at the ceiling, while her mouth opened and closed like a fish out of water.
There was a saying that when calamity struck, everyone looked out for themselves.
Wang Gang had no intention of saving Liu Aiyuan’s life.
Enduring the pain in his head, Wang Gang was about to go downstairs, but as soon as he turned around, he suddenly froze.
Because he saw, just behind him at the stairwell, a head full of white hair and a pair of grayish-white eyes slowly rising.
A zombie.
It was a zombie!
Wang Gang was about to scream when the zombie in front of him suddenly pounced, crossing several meters in an instant and landing right in front of him.
A tremendous force rushed over, instantly knocking Wang Gang down.
However, the expected gnawing did not happen.
Wang Gang only felt a pair of large hands firmly gripping his forehead, accompanied by a “crack” sound, and then he lost consciousness…
After breaking Wang Gang’s neck, this zombie exhibited intelligence different from the ordinary zombies.
First, it let out a loud roar, causing the restless zombies downstairs to stop in their tracks, then with its grayish-white eyes, it scanned the scene in the house.
After its gaze stopped on Yao Zheng, Feng Qin, Wang Gang, Wei Kai, and Liu Aiyuan, the zombie locked onto Yao Zheng and Wei Kaifa.
It pulled the corpses over and began feasting.
Blood splattered, flesh devoured.
One could clearly see that the few already sparse hair on the head of this elderly zombie began to fall out, but its skin became tighter, and its grayish-white eyes gradually became brighter.
After a little over an hour, the zombie finished eating the two bodies and stood up.
It was evident that this once frail zombie had grown taller and stronger by a significant margin!
It did not rest and went on to Feng Qin’s corpse and began to feast again.
The sound of tearing and swallowing filled the air.
The zombies downstairs were drawn by the smell of blood and were restless, but they were restrained by the pressure from that strange zombie and did not dare to cross the line.
Meanwhile, Liu Aiyuan, paralyzed from the neck down, could only listen and scan the surroundings with the corner of her eye.
Tears slowly rolled down her cheeks.
Even with IQ and poor vision, she could sense the current situation.
That zombie was feasting and evolving!
And she, who was still alive and fresh, was the final main course of that eerie zombie!
Name: Lu Ming.
Age: 25 years old.
Strength: 7.2
Physique: 7.6
Agility: 8.
Fitness Lv2 (50/100).
Slingshot Lv2 (16/200).
Crossbow Shooting Lv2 (5/200).
Archery Lv1 (1/100)
Hand-to-hand combat Lv1 (53/100).
At the fitness area on the second floor, Lu Ming opened the attribute panel and studied it carefully.
The attributes had not changed, but the proficiency levels of the skills had.
Slingshot shooting Lv2 had increased from 7 proficiency points to 16, a gain of 9 points.
Crossbow design Lv2 went from 0 proficiency point to 5.
Thinking of the structure of his attack when he killed the person earlier, Lu Ming had a speculation in his mind.
Double kill with one bolt from the crossbow, increasing the proficiency by 5 points. It’s worth noting that the distance I shot from was within 10 meters.
From this, it can be inferred that the proficiency gained from hitting living targets is not the same as hitting stationary targets.
The increase in proficiency in slingshot shooting also follows this logic. Just now, I used the slingshot three times in a row. Every time I hit the target, I can increase my proficiency.
It seemed that training by hitting living targets was much more effective than hitting stationary ones.
But then again.
If not for the fact that his safety was severely threatened, Lu Ming would never have gone out. He did not have live targets to practice on at home. Therefore, although Lu Ming yearned for the proficiency gained from hitting living targets, he could only think about it and not put it into action.
He put on the gauntlets and stood in front of the sandbag.
Recalling the techniques of hand-to-hand combat, Lu Ming began to practice meticulously.
He practiced until four o’clock in the afternoon.
Wiping the sweat off his forehead, Lu Ming was about to prepare dinner.
The episode of the killing this afternoon would not change Lu Ming’s daily routine.
Exercise, eat, and sleep.
Lu Ming was enjoying his seemingly boring life.
If he could, he really wanted to continue enjoying this peaceful life forever.
After a brief muffled groan, Liu Aiyuan’s neck was snapped and she lost all signs of life.
Another half an hour later, there was no sign of Liu Aiyuan and the others on the second floor of the Wanda Store, other than bloodstains and shattered bones.
A strong zombie, standing about two meters tall, slowly stood up from the ground. It had a muscular body, arms as thick as a man’s thigh, a shiny bald head, and pale eyeballs.
There were sporadic bloodstains on its lips, and stray shreds of flesh between its sharp teeth.
This was a big fellow that looked different from a normal zombie.
What was even more terrifying was the occasional flash of light in its eyes, as if to prove that its intelligence was far superior to that of a normal zombie!
“Roar.”
A roar reverberated from the mouth of the giant zombie, causing the horde of zombies downstairs to take several steps back.
The giant zombie descended the stairs like a general, with thunderous footsteps, and quickly led a group of underlings to the entrance of the Wanda Store.
Looking up, it gazed in the direction of Lu Ming’s house.
With its powerful sense of smell, restored vision to human levels, and an increased intelligence of around 60, the giant zombie deduced that there was someone there.
One person.
Flaring its nostrils, the giant zombie turned its head towards another direction in the village.
There were people there, too.
And more!
Instinctively, the giant zombie realized that it needed to consume more fresh flesh and blood in order to grow stronger.
Hunting a single prey was far less valuable compared to hunting a group of prey.
With this in mind, the giant zombie let out another roar and, accompanied by its underlings, rushed towards the opposite direction of Lu Ming’s house.
The sound of footsteps and roars a hundred meters away disturbed Lu Ming, who was having his meal.
He opened the observation window and saw the horde of zombies already moving away.
He vaguely caught sight of an extremely conspicuous figure within the horde.
This made Lu Ming frown.
That zombie looks so muscular…
A sense of unease welled up within him, and Lu Ming frowned and closed the observation hole.
“Can zombies evolve?” he wondered.


CHAPTER-13
Chapter 13
The village where Lu Ming resided was called Good Hope. Good Hope Village was at least ranked among the top three in the entire Nanxiang.
Firstly, this place was closest to the city center.
Secondly, the area was moderate, but the population was very dense.
During the zombie apocalypse, a dense population was definitely not a good thing because it meant a faster rate of infection, a massive horde of zombies, and a difficult and dire survival situation.
However, in the morning, the appearance of the military diverted most of the zombies away from Good Hope village, providing a moment of respite for the survivors within.
With a large population, there would naturally be more survivors. Although the ratio of survivors in Good Hope Village was not high, the total number of survivors was relatively significant.
In the afternoon, as Lu Ming took matters into his own hands for self-defense, some courageous survivors ventured out of the safe house, either searching for supplies or preparing to join the military.
There was no hope of joining the military…
But, the survivors searching for supplies started to have fruitful results.
Food, water, medicine.
They gathered everything they needed.
However, their activities also attracted the attention of those zombies that had been diverted away.
After Lu Ming finished dinner, the entire Good Hope Village suddenly became lively.
“Hoo, Hoo…”
There was the sound of heavy, bellows-like breathing.
On a street, a young soldier was pulling a middle-aged woman in a white coat, both of them running for their lives.
Behind them, five zombies chased after them ferociously, baring their fangs and brandishing their claws!
The narrow, dirty, and chaotic streets of the village were the fundamental reason why the soldier and the woman were able to flee for so long—ordinary zombies, while agile and energetic, were not adept at moving around the village.
However, after this prolonged escape, the soldier was still holding on, but the woman in the white coat was completely exhausted and could not muster any more strength.
“Xiao… Xiao Zhang… Take these things and leave by yourself! Hurry!”
The woman shoved her leather bag into the hands of the soldier called Xiao Zhang, and instantly slowed down.
Zhang Lixin quickly turned to look at Meng Jie and realized that her face had turned pale. She was apparently exhausted.
In fact, not only Meng Jie, but Zhang Lixin himself could not run much farther either. In the morning, he had joined the team to fight against the horde of zombies and this had already drained his energy. After their defeat, he fled with Dr. Meng Jie, and he was well aware of the hardships they had endured.
Tears uncontrollably wet his eyes.
Pulling back the bolt of the gun, Zhang Lixin stopped and shielded Meng Jie behind him. He was ready to face the horde head-on, prepared for a fight to the death.
Meng Jie’s voice came from behind him.
“The data! Little Zhang, take the data and go…”
“No, Dr. Meng. My orders are to protect you, not this information!”
“Tap tap tap.”
As he fired, Zhang Lixin said, “Without Dr. Meng, this information is meaningless!”
The gunshots naturally attracted more zombies.
Hearing the footsteps of zombies coming from all directions, Meng Jie finally squatted down, covered her face and wept, completely devoid of any desire to survive.
“Crack, crack, crack.”
The last shuttle of bullets was emptied, as if to indicate that the two of them were at a dead end. Just as Zhang Lixin took out his bayonet, preparing for a final struggle, a strange human cry suddenly sounded from above.
Zhang Lixin looked up in a daze, and the first thing he saw was a pair of big feet in white sneakers and blue socks.
A huge foot descended from the sky and landed perfectly on the head of the first zombie, accompanied by a “crunch” sound, instantly crushing its head.
He stood in front of them.
He was a young man in black casual outfit. He was in his early twenties, had big round eyes, exuding a righteous aura.
“Ah! Fight!”
The strange cry came from the young man’s mouth again.
He twisted his body and delivered a whip kick, smashing the head of the second zombie, instantly bursting it!
The attacks were blocked, and the zombies were furious.
However, although this man was strange, he had rich combat experience. Coupled with his physical fitness far surpassing the zombies, he quickly wiped out the zombies in front of him with a few punches and kicks.
“Follow me!”
He beckoned Zhang Lixin and Meng Jie with his finger, and led them out of the alley. They ran and fought along the way, taking several turns, until they arrived at a residential house.
After closing the door, everything quieted down.
Zhang Lixin and Meng Jie, after surviving a life-and-death situation, took deep breaths for a while before finally looking at the mysterious man.escaped death.
Zhang Lixin stood up first and saluted the man.
“Thank you, sir, for your help! Otherwise, Dr. Meng and I would definitely die! I can accept it, but Dr. Meng’s life can’t be lost. It’s the key to ending all of this!”
With that, he stepped forward again, took the man’s rough hand, and shook it hard. “On behalf of the country and the people, I thank you!”
The man felt a little embarrassed by the solemnity.
“No need to thank me, no need to thank me. I was just helping out when I saw injustice, and it was just a small effort…”
“By the way, my name is Wang Xiong, and this is my house. It’s relatively safe. Would you like some water and food?”
Wang Xiong’s attitude instantly lightened the atmosphere.
Meng Jie looked at Wang Xiong curiously and suddenly said, “How long have you been awakened?”
Wang Xiong raised his eyebrows and asked, “Awakened? What’s that?”
Zhang Lixin glanced at Meng Jie and recalled Wang Xiong’s performance just now. He abruptly changed the subject.
“Let’s talk while we eat.”
The supplies in Wang Xiong’s house were actually not abundant.
But that didn’t matter.
With Wang Xiong’s skills and physical abilities, acquiring supplies was much easier for him than for ordinary survivors.
After cooking a few cups of instant noodles, the three of them ate hungrily. During the meal, the three of them exchanged their backgrounds.
Zhang Lixin was a soldier belonging to the eastern war zone. Their troops were usually stationed in Nanxiang City.
And Meng Jie was one of the top experts in the Third Biological Research Institute.
A few days ago, the tower appeared and the black mist descended. The military quickly fetched Meng Jie from the Third Biological Research Institute in the suburbs and prepared to send her to a safe shelter near the city center. Unexpectedly, she suffered a heavy blow at Good Hope Village.
The morning battle outside was the conflict between Zhang Lixin’s troops and the zombie horde, which ended in the defeat of Zhang Lixin’s troops.
“Doctor Meng is a leading figure in domestic biology. She has been researching these creatures since the appearance of the zombies. Now, we have a preliminary result. Unfortunately, the location of the Third Research Institute is indeed not good. There is a risk of being attacked by zombies. We wanted to bring Dr. Meng to the shelter, but…”
As he spoke, Zhang Lixin looked troubled.
But he did not make any direct requests; instead, he looked at Wang Xiong.
Wang Xiong was 23 years old this year and had just graduated from university. He used to be a mixed martial arts athlete. According to him, he was just a little short of making it into the national team. Unfortunately, he had an accident halfway through and was cut off from mixed martial arts.
After graduation, he rented a house and was preparing to find a job when the doomsday arrived…
As for my skills and techniques, they were all former mixed martial arts techniques. As for my body… Well, on the night the tower appeared, I had a high fever for the entire night. When I woke up the next day, I was like this. Even my old injuries had healed.
Speaking of this, Wang Xiong scratched his head in embarrassment, but Meng Jie interjected.
“Awakening, what you experienced is called awakening.”


CHAPTER-14
Chapter 14
“Awakening? What awakening?”
Hearing Meng Jie’s words, Wang Xiong was still confused.
He listened as Meng Jie explained, “The moment the tower appears, it will release a magical substance invisible to the naked eye. This substance will fuse into the air. Elderly and frail individuals who inhale this substance will turn into zombies.”
“However, if an ordinary person inhales this substance, there is an extremely small chance that a beneficial physical evolution would occur in their body—which is what we call awakening.”
Professionals were indeed different.
It was only the third day of the apocalypse, but Meng Jie had already grasped the origin of the zombies.
But obviously, compared to the origin of zombies, Wang Xiong was more curious about Awakening.
Facing Wang Xiong’s curious gaze, Meng Jie smiled and said, “We don’t have much research on Awakened ones either. In fact, Mr. Wang, you’re the third Awakened individual I know of. The first two are a military soldier and a shelter resident. They’re currently in the shelter in the city center, but I’ve never seen them.”
Hearing Meng Jie say that she had not done much research, Wang Xiong was a little disappointed. Unexpectedly, Meng Jie changed the topic.
“However, based on the blood samples of the two Awakened individuals, we discovered some interesting phenomena.”
“Firstly, it can be confirmed that awakening should be random, although the probability is extremely low, ridiculously low, similar to winning the lottery.”
“This is unrelated to physical fitness.”
“The awakened individual from the military does indeed have a strong physique, but the other awakened is a weak and powerless woman.”
However, as long as one is awakened, one will no longer be afraid of being infected by zombies.
“Furthermore, when the Mystery Factor is combined with the human cells, it will stimulate the activity and strength of the cells. According to research, the better the original physical fitness, the stronger the power after awakening.”
“Comparing the two awakened individuals from the shelter, the military awakened individual’s physical strength surpasses the other awakened individual by a large margin.”
Wang Xiong’s eyes lit up upon hearing this.
“How is that military awakened compared to me?”
In terms of physical fitness, Wang Xiong believed that he was not inferior to anyone.
Zhang Lixin hesitated for a moment and replied vaguely, “About the same. The two of you are quite formidable. I can’t discern who is stronger.”
Meng Jie added, “Lastly, according to the research at the shelter, it seems that there is further potential for the awakened ones. However, the current sample size is too small, and I’m not sure how the awakened ones will develop.”
Becoming stronger was an instinct of living beings.
In the apocalypse, actively seeking power becomes even more important.
Hearing that the shelter was doing research in this area, Wang Xiong’s eyes lit up.
He rubbed his hands together and said somewhat embarrassedly.
“Look, do I have the right to enter that shelter you both mentioned?”
Zhang Lixin was slightly stunned, giving a strange look to Meng Jie, and quickly laughed it off.
“Of course you can. As long as you’re a survivor and a Chinese national, you’re qualified to enter the shelter.”
With that, Zhang Lixin sighed again. “It’s quite far. It’s still more than 10 kilometers away.”
With a car, this distance was nothing.
But without a car, with zombies everywhere on the road, these dozen kilometers become a bit difficult to handle.
However, Wang Xiong patted his chest and said confidently.
“I’m here, don’t be afraid!”
“Alright, I’ll leave it to you, Brother Wang!”
“Great! Shall we set off now?”
“No hurry. It’s already dark outside. We can leave tomorrow morning.”
Having witnessed the giant zombie himself, Lu Ming was not in a good mood.
After dinner and a short rest, Lu Ming went to the second floor and relieved his stress by punching a sandbag.
Lu Ming only stopped when his unarmed combat level had increased to Lv2 (3/200) and his strength and stamina had increased by 0.2 points.
Wiping off his sweat, he went to the window of the reading area, and quietly looked outside through the observation hole.
During the day, the sounds of gunfire from the military lured most of the zombies away from Good Hope Village. However, as the battle subsided, the residents in the village came out in search of food, attracting some of the zombies back with the noises they made.
On the streets outside, illuminated by dim streetlights, many zombies could be seen loitering.
However, Lu Ming had not seen any of those burly giant zombies again.
He opened the Record Book of the Black Mist Tower Apocalypse Events..
While observing, Lu Ming began to write with his pen.
Something happened today, and I have blood on my hands, but this is only a necessary means of self-defense, and I don’t regret it.
And I discovered a terrifying situation today. I saw a two-meter-tall, muscular zombie among the horde. I will refer to it as a giant zombie.
The physique of a zombie was stronger than that of an ordinary person, and the physique of a giant zombie was clearly far beyond that of a normal person—this put some pressure on Lu Ming.
But if it’s a single giant zombie, it shouldn’t pose too much trouble for me. I’m worried about one thing… That is, zombies have the potential to evolve.
Lu Ming still felt relatively confident about the safety of his home.
However, all of this was based on the assumption that zombies would remain as zombies and nothing more.
If, as depicted in some novels and movies, zombies were to evolve into three-meter tall beings with immense strength, carrying strange things like Gatling guns, then even the strongest houses would have no security.
The pen paused. Lu Ming couldn’t help but scratch his head.
Always safe to think about the worst-case scenario.
If zombies can really evolve to that extent, what should I do then?
Lu Ming couldn’t help but shiver at the thought that his home was no longer safe.
On second thought, Lu Ming had a plan.
“Attribute system.”
“This is my other guarantee besides my home!”
“Giant zombies may be terrifying, but if I can increase my attributes to more than 10 times that of a giant zombie, then when it or they threaten my personal safety, I will definitely teach them a lesson!”
With this in mind, Lu Ming suddenly had a strong desire to become stronger.
Closing the notebook, Lu Ming turned around and took the fire ax, metal bat, and dagger from the table.
“I need to train with long-range weapons, not only for the attributes but also for accuracy in shooting.”
“As for unarmed combat. It seems that the priority of training has to be lowered a little.”
Engaging in hand-to-hand combat with zombies would be madness.
Cold weapon combat was good—at least much better than unarmed combat!
He earnestly swung the fire ax a few times, then switched to the baseball bat and dagger, swinging them for a while. Soon, there was feedback on his attributes panel.
Cold Weapon Combat Lv1 (1/100): You have mastered the basics of cold weapons combat. Strength and stamina have increased by 0.1.
Name: Lu Ming.
Age: 25 years old.
Strength: 7.5
Physique: 7.9
Agility: 8.
“Go on.”
For a while, the crackling sound of air in the room was incessant.


CHAPTER-15
Chapter 15
On Wednesday, the fourth day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Leg Training Day.
He got out of bed and washed up. After confirming that there was no water, electricity, or gas outage, he began to enjoy his breakfast.
A basin of noodles, three eggs, and a stack of small pickles.
His appetite was much bigger than before the apocalypse. Lu Ming estimated that it might have doubled.
“But we have enough supplies for the time being.”
After reading for a while, he went to the second floor and began his morning workout.
About two hours later, today’s leg workout was finally over.
Lying on the exercise mat, Lu Ming panted and gasped for breath heavily, his legs feeling sore and weak, as if he were on the brink of death. However, his mental state was surprisingly good!
“It’s essential to train legs in fitness; otherwise, it will catch up with you sooner or later.”
“The importance of leg training is self-evident.”
“When I was studying, I knew that leg training was a major undertaking, the most important and painful part of fitness… Now I kind of understand what’s going on.”
When going downstairs, Lu Ming used his upper body strength to support and drag himself down the stairs.
Bracing himself, he made a cup of protein powder and rested for a long time before opening his personal information panel.
Name: Lu Ming.
Age: 25 years old.
Strength: 7.5 (8.2) ↑.
Physique: 7.9 (8.6) ↑.
Agility: 8 (8.7) ↑.
Fitness Lv2 (50/200).
With the increase in attributes and skill proficiency, everything was perfect.
Seeing that it was only about 9:30, Lu Ming took out his slingshot again and began to practice his slingshot proficiency.
During the battle yesterday afternoon, Lu Ming realized the benefits of a slingshot. It was quiet, had small ammunition, was easy to reload, and was very lethal.
It was more agile than bows and crossbows and had a wider range of applications.
“Bang.”
Bullseye, proficiency +2.
“Bang.”
Sixth ring, proficiency +1.
“The logic behind the increase in proficiency of the Lv. 2 slingshot is the same as the increase in Lv. 1. Therefore, with my current training conditions, I can continue to improve this skill!”
The time before lunch was spent shooting slingshots.
This continued till his fingers went numb and his slingshot shooting proficiency successfully increased to Lv3!
Slingshot Shooting Lv3 (0/300): You have acquired the basic shooting technique of the slingshot. Agility increased by 0.6 (+0.3) points.
He hit another bullseye, and his proficiency increased by 2 points.
This meant that the logic of increasing the proficiency of the slingshot remained unchanged!
There was no need to shoot from long distances or hit moving targets. He could become stronger by maintaining his current training intensity.
Lu Ming was very satisfied with this.
He dragged his clumsy legs and made lunch.
Three bowls of rice, a steamed bun, two pounds of boiled chicken breast, a portion of stir-fried vegetables, and half a portion of protein powder.
His appetite was indeed much greater than before.
He thought that it was normal.
His physical fitness had increased crazily, so his consumption would naturally increase. Coupled with his high-intensity exercise every day, it would be strange if he did not eat much.
After watching the video for a while, Lu Ming went to bed to rest. His lunch break started at 12 noon and lasted until 1:30 p.m.
Opening his eyes, he checked his attribute panel and obtained all the attributes in the brackets.
“Another wonderful day!”
The joy of becoming stronger was the ultimate joy.
Lu Ming was very satisfied with his current life.
Just as he was feeling happy, Lu Ming suddenly thought of the giant zombie he had seen yesterday and his mood plummeted.
He dragged his still clumsy legs to the second-floor reading area and opened the observation hole to look at the street.
There was no sign of the giant zombie.
Moreover, the few living zombies that were blocking his door had all run away for some reason.
It had to be said that the existence of the giant corpse was like a stone pressing down on Lu Ming’s heart, making him feel unhappy.
But at the moment, Lu Ming really could not think of a good solution.
After sensing no danger (at least not with the naked eye), Lu Ming stopped paying attention to the outside world. After resting for a while, he prepared to continue farming slingshot shooting proficiency and cold weapons combat proficiency.
Lu Ming was in a bad mood.
Meng Jie’s mood was even worse!
She was even more unhappy than Lu Ming.
Her original plan was to go with Zhang Lixin and Wang Xiong to the shelter in the city center this morning.
Zhang Lixin was a soldier and was very strong and fierce.
And Wang Xiong was an Awakened individual, stronger and fiercer!
In Meng Jie’s estimation, there was a 50% chance that this combination could safely send her and her research materials to the shelter.
Unexpectedly, something went wrong early in the morning.
In Wang Xiong’s house, Wang Xiong and Zhang Lixin looked solemn as they looked at the zombies wandering outside the window.
Meng Jie stood behind the two of them and asked softly, “How’s the situation?”
Wang Xiong shook his head. “Not good…”
Zhang Lixin added, “Judging from the situation, we won’t be able to leave the house today.”
This situation was a little strange.
Everything was fine yesterday, but early this morning, Wang Xiong woke up to find about 10 zombies blocking the entrance of his house.
This situation alone was not strange.
Yesterday, there were few zombies in Good Hope Village because the zombies had been attracted by the military. However, as the survivors went out to find food and drink, there was a lot of commotion, and some of the zombies were lured back.
It was not surprising that there would be more zombies today than yesterday.
The strange thing was that these zombies seemed to have self-awareness. Even if there were noises not far away, they did not move. At most, there was a little commotion.
They seemed to have targeted Wang Xiong, Zhang Lixin, and Meng Jie and were unwilling to leave at all.
“I’ll take a look.”
Meng Jie squeezed past Wang Xiong and Zhang Lixin and leaned against the window to observe quietly.
A moment later, Meng Jie frowned and left the window, looking troubled.
Wang Xiong immediately asked, “So, Dr. Meng, have you figured out what went wrong?”
Meng Jie shook her head and then nodded. “The zombies outside seem normal. I didn’t notice anything unusual about them.”
Wang Xiong looked disappointed when Meng Jie continued, “But I have a hypothesis.”
“The strange actions of these zombies may be due to orders of higher-level zombies.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Wang Xiong and Zhang Lixin were stunned.
“Order from higher-level zombies?”
Meng Jie nodded and said, “Yes.”
“As I mentioned yesterday, theoretically speaking, Awakeners do have the potential for further advancement.”
“But don’t forget that the Awakened are actually similar to that of zombies—both originated from the mystery factor infection in the tower. However, one is malignant, and the other is benign.”
“This also means that if the Awakened have the potential for further advancement, then the zombies also have the possibility of evolving again. In fact, this possibility is very high.”
Meng Jie spoke solemnly, but Wang Xiong and Zhang Lixin broke out in cold sweat.
The most ordinary zombies had the physical level of professional athletes—in terms of attributes, their strength and agility were about 6 points.
And if the zombies could evolve again, how terrifying would that be?
At least, Zhang Lixin did not even dare to think about it.
Wang Xiong pinched his chin and muttered solemnly.
“In other words, there’s a high chance that we’re targeted by high-level zombies?”
Meng Jie nodded and contemplated.
“In fact, I’m still considering another possibility.”
“There’s something about the evolution of zombies and the Awakened, or their way to advance…”
Speaking of this, Wang Xiong immediately became interested.
“What is the way?”
Meng Jie said softly, “Let me make it clear first that everything I’m about to say is just speculation.”
“My guess is that since the zombies and the Awakened are both infected by the mystery factor infection, will the method of advancement also lie in the mystery factor?”
“For now, we’ll call the zombies ‘failed infections’, but research shows that even if the infection fails, the mystery factor will still be combined with the cells in the zombie’s body.”
“And through a blood sample test of the Awakened, it was discovered that the cells in the body of the Awakened had also combined with the mystery factor.
“If a zombie or an Awakened wants to advance, the greatest possibility is to increase the degree of integration of the mystery factor with the cells in the body. Or to put it another way, there’s a need to ingest more mystery factors…”
At this point, Meng Jie paused.
“Hunting and plundering.”
Then Meng Jie said nothing more.
There was no need for her to say anything else—the meaning was clear.
Wang Xiong looked at his hands in disbelief and couldn’t help but mutter, “So, I’ve become monk Tang Sanzang?”
Outside Wang Xiong’s house, directly opposite a street.
A pair of pale eyes looked down at the other party through the window gap.
This was the giant zombie that Lu Ming had seen with his own eyes.
Following its instincts, the giant zombie arrived and led its subordinates to surround Wang Xiong’s house.
Because it could feel it.
There was a feast in that house.
A feast that was far more delicious and nutritious than ordinary people.
But it was in no hurry.
This was because a sumptuous meal corresponded to a difficult hunt.
It had a feeling that it and its dozens of lackeys might not be a match for that feast in the restricted environment.
But it didn’t matter.
The last thing it lacked was patience.
In just one night, the giant zombie had already worked out a set of hunting techniques.
Besieged.
They waited for their prey to weaken or take the initiative to walk into the encirclement.
Then a sneak attack.
“Gulp. Gulp.” The sound came from his stomach.
This represented hunger.
However, the giant zombie’s eyes became deeper.
It was like the calm before a storm.


CHAPTER-16
Chapter 16
Lu Ming realized something else.
After obtaining the attribute system, his recovery ability had greatly increased.
According to the online information, within one to three days after leg exercises, there would be significant “side effects.” That was why almost all fitness plans schedule rest days after leg day.However, after his lunch break, Lu Ming felt quite full. Not only had his three-dimensional vision improved, but his fatigue and soreness were also almost gone.
However, after the lunch break, Lu Ming felt quite energetic. Not only did his three-dimensional enhancement increase, but his fatigue and soreness were also almost gone.
This was obviously not a normal physiological phenomenon. It could only be explained by the special attributes of the attribute panel.
After farming his attributes and fitness skill proficiency in the morning, Lu Ming was ready to focus on slingshot shooting and cold weapon combat in the afternoon.
Soon, the entire afternoon passed in cultivation.
Slingshot shooting went from Lv3 (2/300) to Lv4 (5/400), and agility increased by an additional 0.4 points.
The training difficulty temporarily remained unchanged, still at 10th rings 2 points and 1 point for the on-target shots.
There was room for further improvement.
Cold Weapon Combat Lv1 (86/100), upgraded to Lv3 (10/300), Strength and Stamina increased by 0.5 points.
The magnitude of improvement was considerable, demonstrating Luming’s hard work during the afternoon.
In the evening, as he started cooking, Luming decided to observe the state of the zombies on the street using the observation hole, instead of reading books or watching videos.
The appearance of the giant zombies basically proved the possibility of evolution for zombies.
The safe house, which was supposed to be foolproof, might no longer be safe in the future, causing unease in Lu Ming’s heart.
“Therefore, the surveillance of the outside world should also be on the agenda from now on. I have to observe the potential occurrence of danger at all times, preferably eliminating the danger at its source.”
But with his current physical fitness, Lu Ming felt that it was not secure enough.
He had to persevere!
The evening passed by punching the sandbag.
Hand-to-hand combat from Lv2 (3/200) to Lv2 (75/200)
At nine o’clock in the evening, after checking the supplies, Lu Ming went to bed to rest.
He closed his eyes and opened them again, and it was already morning.
“Today is Day 5 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Thursday, a rest day. Although it’s a rest day, my attributes have to be maxed out, and my fitness skill proficiency must also be increased to the maximum.
Although there was no conclusive evidence, I was very certain that the giant zombie I had seen the day before yesterday must be an evolved zombie!
Yes, I firmly believe that zombies could evolve.
Although I have confidence in the defense of my home, it was unknown if steel and concrete could withstand zombies or even more terrifying evolved zombies. I have to make a second preparation—that is, to maximize the use of my attribute panel and become stronger as soon as possible!
First, set a small goal: 100 points in three-dimensional attributes.
This way, I might have the confidence to go out and face the zombies or even the giant zombies, head-on.”
“Physical status on the fifth day of the Apocalypse calendar.”
Strength: 10.1
Physique: 10.6
Agility: 10.8
Fitness Lv2 (100/200).
Slingshot Shooting Lv5 (48/500).
Crossbow Shooting Lv2 (5/200).
Archery Lv2 (33/200)
Hand-to-hand Combat Lv3 (64/300).
Cold Weapon Combat Lv4 (85/400).
“Day 6 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Friday, Chest Workout Day.”
“Nothing happened today. At least the zombies on the street didn’t move, and we didn’t find the giant zombies we saw previously.”
“If there’s anything worth recording, it should be my appetite.”
After my afternoon nap yesterday, my three-dimensional vision was past ten—twice that of a normal adult male.
Correspondingly, my appetite has also increased by two times or even more than that of an ordinary male adult.
“There’s bad news. Almost all the fresh goods at home have been eaten. In the future, if I want to replenish my protein, I might need to rely on frozen goods… But the reserves of frozen goods won’t last long in the face of my explosive appetite. I still have protein powder, but overall, the first stage of the food crisis has arrived.”
“Note: Stage 1 Food Crisis: Insufficient fresh stock.”
“Stage 2 Food Crisis: Insufficient frozen goods.”
“Stage 3 Food Crisis: More than half of the canned food has been consumed.”
“Last Stage Food Crisis: There are only three days of rations left.”
“Physical Status on Day 6 of the Apocalypse Calendar.”
Strength: 10.8
Physique: 11.3
Agility: 12.1
Fitness Lv2 (150/200).
Slingshot Lv6 (32/600).
Crossbow Shooting Lv2 (5/200).
Archery Lv2 (33/200)
Hand-to-hand Combat Lv3 (85/300).
Cold Weapon Combat Lv4 (315/400).
“The good news is that slingshot shooting has been upgraded to Level 6, but the rate of proficiency gain has not changed. I’ve been feeling a sense of urgency in the past few days. I think I should try my best to elevate slingshot shooting to a higher level.”
“Day 7 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Saturday, Back-Workout Day.”
“Nothing happened today.”
“Physical status on Day 7 of the Apocalypse Calendar.”
“(Omitted…)”
“Day 8 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Sunday, Leg Workout Day.”
“Nothing happened today.”
“The record is written in the evening, marking a whole week since the arrival of the apocalypse.”
“This is worth commemorating.”
I’m feeling pretty good, well-fed, and my daily life is fulfilling and interesting.”
“Body status record for the Eighth day of the Apocalypse Calendar.”
“(Omitted…)”
Day 9 of the Apocalypse Calendar.
10 a.m.
After farming the attributes for today, Lu Ming opened the attribute panel.
Name: Lu Ming.
Age: 25 years old.
Strength: 13.1 (13.9) ↑.
Physique: 13.6 (14.4) ↑.
Agility: 13.9 (14.7) ↑.
Fitness Lv3 (50/300).
Slingshot Lv7 (152/700).
Crossbow Shooting Lv2 (5/200).
Archery Lv3 (108/200)
Hand-to-hand Combat Lv4 (12/400).
Cold Weapon Combat Lv6 (33/600).
While admiring his attributes, Lu Ming observed the outside world through the observation hole.
Unlike the calm days before, there were some peculiar behaviors among the zombies on the streets today.
From early in the morning, the zombies on the street in front of his house seemed to have been summoned by something.
Even though there was no sound, they spontaneously began moving slowly toward Good Hope Village.
Lu Ming was acutely aware that something seemed to have happened in the village, but it was too far away for him to observe.
All he could do was quietly watch through the observation hole at home and wait patiently.
The unusual behavior of the horde of zombies was related to the trio of giant zombies and Wang Xiong.
Five days ago, Wang Xiong and the other two were trapped in their home by the horde of zombies.
Lu Ming analyzed the situation but it was only an analysis without solid evidence. After discussion, the three of them decided to wait at home for the time being to see if the zombies would disperse on their own.
The results were obvious.
On the first day, the zombies did not move, and the three of them did not move.
On the second day, the zombies remained still, and the three of them did not move.
On the third day, the zombies did not move, and the three of them still did not move…
The situation has changed today.
The horde of zombies remained still, but the three of them had no choice but to take action.
Because they ran out of food.
The stronger their bodies, the more energy they would consume. This was the law!
Just like how Lu Ming’s appetite had increased, Wang Xiong’s appetite had also soared after becoming Awakened.
There was not much food reserve in his family to begin with.
After being trapped by the horde of zombies for several days and facing the prospect of starving, Wang Xiong decided not to wait any longer.


CHAPTER-17
Chapter 17
I have to kill my way out. It doesn’t matter if I’m looking for food or running out of Good Hope Village. In short, I can’t stay at home anymore.
After eating the last piece of candy in the house, Wang Xiong said.
These words made Meng Jie and Zhang Lixin nod.
Two days ago, there was already insufficient food at home. Therefore, Meng Jie and Zhang Lixin decided that the two of them should eat less and Wang Xiong should eat more to protect Wang Xiong’s combat strength.
Hoping that they would be in luck, they waited for another two days until the food was completely consumed. The three of them agreed that staying at home would only lead to a dead end. If they went out and fought, they might have a chance of breaking through.
This decision was not too late.
This was because Wang Xiong and Zhang Lixin were still quite energetic and were not affected by hunger.
But if he waited any longer, the situation would definitely get worse.
“So, what should we choose?” Wang Xiong looked at Meng Jie, who was the oldest, and prepared to hear the elder’s opinion. “Should we go find food, or should we leave Good Hope Village and run to the shelter in the city center?”
Meng Jie thought for a moment and expressed her opinion. “Run out of Good Hope Village. The current situation has become clear. We are likely targeted by high-level zombies. There’s no point in staying here and maintaining the status quo. Running out of Good Hope Village, and even finding an opportunity to kill that high-level zombie, is the best choice for us.”
Zhang Lixin added, “I’ve also planned the escape route.”
“Let’s set off from home and take Bright Street. Then we’ll go to the village entrance where the army and the zombies fought previously.”
Wang Xiong did not quite understand this route. “There should be more zombies over there, right?”
“It might be more, or there might not be. The battle has been going on for almost five days, and the zombies have most likely dispersed. Besides,there are weapons and vehicles left behind by us in that area. After finding the weapons and military vehicles, the route ahead will be much easier.”
Zhang Lixin paused for a moment and continued, “After consideration, I think going to the battlefield is the most reasonable choice.”
The journey of more than 10 kilometers filled with zombies would be extremely dangerous without a vehicle.
Due to the strength of the zombies, ordinary cars wouldn’t do; only military vehicles with strong resistance could provide the necessary protection for the three of them.
Wang Xiong clapped his hands. “Then let’s do that!”
Wang Xiong put on his protective gear.
Meng Jie hugged her briefcase tightly.
Zhang Lixin took out his army shank.
The three of them, Wang Xiong and Zhang Lixin, with Meng Jie sandwiched in between, stood in a line in front of the door.
He took a deep breath and braced himself.
With a bang, Wang Xiong suddenly opened the door!
Outside, more than a dozen zombies turned around at the same time when they heard the sound. Their grayish-white eyes were fixed on the source of the sound.
Before they could roar, Wang Xiong’s fists and feet had already smashed down like a storm.
If its physical fitness was fully digitized, the three-dimensional attributes of an ordinary zombie were about 6 points.
Then a powerful Awakened person like Wang Xiong could reach 10-12 in three-dimensional attributes!
It was almost twice the difference.
This was not a case of two zombies equal to one Wang Xiong.
The difference in combat strength brought about by two times the difference in physical attributes was shocking!
His punches and kicks caused the wind to howl.
Wang Xiong could crack the zombie’s head open with a whip kick and send it flying three meters away.
Even if he got close, Wang Xiong could smash the zombie’s head or snap its neck violently.
In addition, he was not afraid of the zombie virus, and his combat style was unrestrained.
In the confined street environment of the city village, Wang Xiong was like a bulldozer, sweeping away all the zombies in his way!
On the upper floor opposite Wang Xiong’s house.
The giant zombie, who had witnessed all this, remained calm.
As it had expected, it would not be easy to hunt this prey.
If it were a one-on-one battle, the giant zombie would probably not be Wang Xiong’s match.
But hunting was not a one-on-one battle.
The greatest advantage of a giant zombie was that its level was above ordinary zombies!
This allowed the giant zombie to mobilize ordinary zombies and direct their movements harshly,
albeit only 20 zombies each time.
However, it was indeed suitable to use these cannon fodder to exhaust the prey’s physical fitness.
Watching Wang Xiong killing rampantly below, the giant zombie let out a low cry that humans could not hear.
Therefore, as the number of zombies under him decreased, an equal number of zombies were “inspired” by the giant zombie and ran towards it.
Moreover, Wang Xiong had caused quite a commotion and attracted more zombies that were not controlled by the giant zombie.
The giant zombie growled.
It seemed to have seen the end of the hunt.
As the saying went, “There is no turning back.”
Wang Xiong and the other two naturally understood that once they went out, there was almost no possibility of returning home.
The zombies kept coming. Wang Xiong was under a lot of pressure, but his rich experience made him good at controlling his physical strength. He could still hold on for a short period of time.
What was even more worth mentioning was that Wang Xiong seemed to be born to fight. After seeing blood, not only did he not get carried away, but he also became even calmer. He used the terrain to drag down the zombies. In just 10 minutes, weighed down by two burdens, he killed his way out of two streets.
After entering a house through a hidden back door and resting for a moment, Wang Xiong led Zhang Lixin and Meng Jie out of the front door and continued his killing spree. Soon, the three of them were getting closer and closer to the previous battlefield.
However, just as the giant zombie had underestimated Wang Xiong’s combat strength, Wang Xiong had also underestimated the difficulty of this escape.
As they approached the village entrance, the terrain became simpler, with more open space.
The simple and open terrain not only meant that he would be subjected to more attacks at the same time, but it also meant that it would be more difficult to protect Zhang Lixin and Meng Jie.
The increase in the intensity of the battle also depleted his stamina greatly.
About 10 minutes later.
At the intersection just two streets away from his destination, Wang Xiong finally couldn’t hold on anymore…
His clothes had been torn to shreds, and there were seven or eight shallow bite marks on his strong body. Blood flowed down his body and mixed with his sweat.
Zhang Lixin was also panting as he shielded Meng Jie behind him.
The three of them took cover behind a wall and two large trash bins, their gaze fixed on the horde of zombies, tinged with a hint of despair.
Just as Wang Xiong mustered all his strength and kicked a zombie to death in the head, a thunderous roar suddenly came from a distance.
Hearing this sound, the zombies instantly became restless. Then they unexpectedly stopped attacking and slowly retreated.
“As expected!”
Meng Jie lowered her voice and said. Wang Xiong nodded slightly and looked in the direction of the roar.
A two-meter-tall zombie with a shiny head and bulging muscles walked over like a general. It pushed through the zombies in front of it and stopped five meters in front of Wang Xiong and the others.
It locked eyes with Wang Xiong.
The giant zombie’s pale eyes were full of violence, hunger, and joy.
There was only calmness in Wang Xiong’s eyes.
“The main character has appeared…”
As he muttered, a new power was ignited in his body!
That’s right, the weakness just now was just an illusion. Since Wang Xiong had already realized that there were higher-level zombies behind the horde, how could he waste all his strength on cannon fodder?
However, to the surprise of Wang Xiong and his two companions…
Upon seeing Wang Xiong’s expression, the giant zombie immediately took two steps back.
The giant zombie growled, and the roars of the horde of zombies instantly resounded. They swarmed towards Wang Xiong and launched a second assault!
Wang Xiong’s face stiffened. “What the f*ck…”
He really did not expect that, even after he had put on such a pathetic act, the giant zombie would still be able to stabilize the situation.
This stabilization directly crushed the survival hopes of Wang Xiong and his companions.


CHAPTER-18
Chapter 18
The zombie wave surged forward.
Wang Xiong and the other two relied on the terrain to resist, but there was no hope of breaking out.
The giant zombie stood at the back, like a general leading troops to war. It raised its head proudly, as if it was saying, “Do you think your little tricks can fool me?!”
Coincidentally, this battle between the zombies and the survivors was happening not far from Lu Ming’s home…
Lu Ming, who was “peeking” through the observation hole, witnessed everything from beginning to end.
It was impossible for him to have any thoughts of saving the people.
There were so many zombies outside. He was just an ordinary civilian. If he went out to save them, wouldn’t he be putting himself in danger?
You know that I don’t have that ability, right?
All Lu Ming could do was to take a good look, observe the zombies and that giant zombie, and learn from the deaths of Wang Xiong and the others.
The focus of his observation was on the giant zombie.
Ordinary undead could not pose any threat to his house; reinforced concrete was an impenetrable barrier for them.
However, Lu Ming did not know the power of the giant zombie, nor did he know if the reinforced concrete could stop it.
It stood two meters tall.
Solid muscles.
A shiny bald head.
Pale eyeballs…
“It looks incredibly strong! It’s an existence I can’t provoke!”
Making this deduction in his mind, Lu Ming took another look and suddenly noticed that the giant zombie’s pale eyes were staring at him from afar.
Lu Ming broke out in cold sweat.
As a superior evolutionary zombie, the giant zombie possessed several additional abilities.
First, a stronger body.
Second, the ability to command the horde of zombies.
And third, a sharper sense.
Ordinary zombies had powerful hearing, but weak sense of smell and vision. The giant zombies were slightly better, as it not only had enhanced hearing but also possessed the same sense of smell and vision as normal humans.
More importantly, the giant zombie seemed to have the ability to locate awakened individuals and even living people—it could easily determine where there was prey, and even the number of prey.
The moment Lu Ming peeked through the window, the giant zombie acutely sensed Lu Ming’s presence.
It looked ferociously in Lu Ming’s direction, catching a glimpse of his pale face.
With a loud snort, the giant zombie cracked a malicious smile and greeted Lu Ming from afar.
“Don’t be anxious. After I finish the feast, you’ll be my after-dinner dessert!”
That was what the giant zombie wanted to say.
The flesh and blood of an Awakened was definitely the most nourishing, but ordinary people also had some value.
The giant zombie sensed that the survivor in that house was an ordinary person. Although the house he lived in was a little bigger and looked a little sturdier, the giant zombie firmly believed that the house could not stop him.
“Roar!”
Roaring angrily at Lu Ming, the giant zombie bared its teeth at him, as if it was declaring its ownership over Lu Ming!
Oh no!
That was the first thought in Lu Ming’s mind.
It’s targeting me.
It wants to eat me.
Zombies feeding on humans was a normal phenomenon in the apocalypse. There was nothing strange about it. However, if he became the prey, he would definitely not feel good.
Lu Ming felt terrible now.
He felt so uncomfortable that his entire body itched and he was fidgety and restless!
“It saw me.”
“It must have seen me.”
“It wants to eat me. When it finishes eating the three survivors, the next step is to come for me…”
“I’m going to be eaten.”
His heartbeat gradually accelerated.
But soon, Lu Ming calmed down.
He was not sure if his house could withstand that formidable giant zombie.
But he was certain that he could not continue to sit and wait for death!
He took deep breaths,and his expression gradually turned fierce.
Picking up the slingshot and steel balls on the table, Lu Ming quickly opened the iron grilles and half of the window!
The air outside, mixed with the smell of blood and decay, surged into the house.
It made Lu Ming’s heart calm down a little.
Seeing that the giant zombie had already turned its gaze to Wang Xiong and the other two, Lu Ming gripped the slingshot tightly, loaded it and pulled it back.
He aimed at the giant zombie’s head.
“You want to eat me! I’ll kill you first!”
Lu Ming’s slingshot was made of titanium alloy, the rubber band was made of four rubber tubes, and the ammunition was 9mm steel balls.
This kind of configured slingshot was after a miracle through great strength!
Unlike crossbows, the lethality of a slingshot depended mostly on the user’s strength…
Was Lu Ming strong?
Clearly, he was!
Can the slingshot withstand the force?
Barely.
With the enhancement of slingshot shooting Lv. 7, Lu Ming’s accuracy was also guaranteed.
He instantly pulled the bowstring to its maximum. Lu Ming could even faintly hear the creaking sound coming from the slingshot.
With a focused gaze and steady breath, he aimed at the shiny forehead of the giant zombie.
In the next second, there was a loud “bang.
The 9mm steel ball was fired from the slingshot, even creating blurry ripples in the air.
Just a loud thud.
The skull of the giant zombie was instantly torn open, revealing grayish-white brain tissue.
The giant zombie was stunned.
In fact, its attention was not on Lu Ming at all.
A coward and an ordinary person, what kind of trouble could he cause?
Its attention was entirely focused on Wang Xiong.
Just as it decided to join the battle and deliver the final blow to Wang Xiong, a cold breeze suddenly surged into its mind—in the truest sense.
Looking around in confusion, the giant zombie felt as if something was missing from its head.
The giant zombie reached out to touch its scalp, but it only felt something soft and squishy.
Its brain gradually became heavy.
Its body gradually went limp.
At this moment, the giant zombie still had not realized what was wrong with itself.
Until there was a shrill sound of air being torn apart.
From the corner of its eye, it saw a cold glint in the house he had seen earlier.
Then there was a snap.
Two fingers broke off and flew far away.
Sticky grayish-white stuff splattered all over the giant zombie’s face.
A round, pale eyeball detached from its face and fell at its feet.
Summoning the last bit of strength, it looked towards that house.
And there, on the second floor of the house, the window was wide open. A young man with a fierce expression raised his slingshot and shot out a third steel ball.
“Pa!”
Headshot!
This attack completely smashed the giant zombie’s head.
Even until its dying moments, the giant zombie remained bewildered.
However, if it were given another chance to start over, the giant zombie would surely give himself a piece of advice.
“Don’t look at that house!”
“Why are you looking at him for no reason?”
Lu Ming, who ended the giant zombie with three shots, was panting heavily.
He looked at the street.
He realized that the death of the giant zombie did not cause much disturbance to the horde of zombies.
The lowest-ranked zombie had no intelligence or consciousness. Even when their leader died, they still followed their instincts, rushing forward in succession towards living beings, seeking only a fresh blood meal.
Taking a deep breath to ease the tension in his heart, Lu Ming looked at the horde of zombies on the street with a ruthless gaze!
“Zombies will evolve!”
“Since a giant zombie can appear, a second and third one can as well!”
“Zombies are too dangerous, truly too dangerous.”
He reloaded and pulled the pin.
He aimed at an ordinary zombie.
“Pa!”
He shot it in the head.
“I’m not killing zombies. I’m killing future giant zombies.”
“They threaten my life. So all of them must die!!”


CHAPTER-19
Chapter 19
Slingshot shooting proficiency +3.
Slingshot shooting proficiency +4.
Steel balls were shot out one after another, and the ammunition bag by the table was getting emptier. Correspondingly, his slingshot shooting proficiency was also improving rapidly.
With Wang Xiong as the frontal attraction, Lu Ming had a good time with his shooting.
Of course, it did not matter whether it was satisfying or not.
What mattered was that Lu Ming believed that eliminating one more zombie now would mean facing one less giant zombie or even more terrifying existence in the future.
It was all for survival.
Even if there was a risk of being bitten to death by a zombie climbing up to the second floor, Lu Ming believed it was worth it.
(Wang Xiong: Brother, you’re taking too much risk…)
Soon, dozens of zombies besieging Wang Xiong and the others were all killed, giving Wang Xiong a moment to catch his breath.
However, the commotion attracted other zombies. Just as Wang Xiong was contemplating whether to retreat, he saw that as soon as the zombies appeared, they were killed one by one, falling down one after another.
Although he had long realized that someone was helping him, it was only at this moment that Wang Xiong had the opportunity to look for the location of the helper.
Lu Ming’s house was very conspicuous, and Wang Xiong spotted it at a glance.
“Let’s go over there!”
When faced with danger, people instinctively gather together and seek a safe place. Therefore, Wang Xiong immediately ran towards Lu Ming’s house with Meng Jie and Zhang Lixin.
As they approached Lu Ming’s house, a steel ball struck the ground near Wang Xiong’s feet.
“Stay away from me. This is private territory. Approaching is strictly prohibited!”
Lu Ming’s voice reached the ears of Wang Xiong and his companions, causing them to exchange glances.
Considering that it was not the right time for a conversation, Wang Xiong could only bring Meng Jie and Zhang Lixin to hide in a small building across from Lu Ming’s house.
The sound produced by the slingshot was actually not loud.
Without Wang Xiong attracting the attention of the monsters, the noise gradually subsided, and fewer and fewer zombies were attracted.
Around lunchtime, there was nothing to see on the street apart from the corpses of the zombies.
After closing the window and pulling down the iron plate, Lu Ming observed for another five minutes. Once he was sure that the situation was resolved, he flexed his wrists and began to prepare lunch.
No sooner had lunch been prepared than the doorbell rang.
Coming to the front door and turning on the electronic screen, Lu Ming saw Wang Xiong and his companions.
“What’s the matter?”
The voice reached the ears of Wang Xiong and his companions, and Meng Jie, who was standing at the front, gave a friendly smile.
“Thank you sir, for your help just now.”
Meng Jie, with a friendly face, was the oldest and wisest among the three. He was best suited for dealing with such matters.
“You’re welcome.”
Lu Ming said with a buzzing voice, then added, “If there’s nothing else, I have to take my lunch. Goodbye.”
Meng Jie: “???”
“Wait a moment, sir.”
“Is there anything else?”
“Well, we don’t have much food—”
“I don’t have food!”
Meng Jie didn’t mind their failed attempt to ask for food. She continued, “And there’s another matter. We are affiliated with the military here, and we have a challenging mission. We wanted to ask if you could join us.”
Inside the room, Lu Ming rolled his eyes.
Why is there always someone trying to trick me into going out?
“My home is so safe, and yet you still want to fool me into going out with you to wander the world?
Dream on!
Lu Ming could not be bothered with them. He said goodbye and then ignored them completely.
After ringing the doorbell three more times, there was no reply. Meng Jie finally realized that the deal would not go through.
Disappointment was inevitable.
This was because Meng Jie reckoned that the owner of this house was probably also an Awakened and was worth roping in.
But if Lu Ming was unwilling, there was nothing they could do… After all, they were official personnel, not robbers. They could not force him.
She turned to look at her two teammates and shook her head. “Let’s go.”
Lu Ming’s lunch consisted of boiled chicken breast, rice, and canned pickles.
After eating and tidying up, he went to bed.
In another house, Wang Xiong and the other two found some packaged food. After eating, they were half-full. Then they began to discuss intensely.
“That guy must be an Awakened person! And he even had experience with slingshots before the apocalypse. He’s really accurate at slingshots and he’s really strong.”
Wang Xiong sighed with admiration, showing a sense of camaraderie with a fellow hero.
Zhang Lixin and Meng Jie were a bit puzzled by Lu Ming.
Why do I feel that he is a little strange…
“Sister Meng, actually, I also have the same feeling.”
Wang Xiong waved his hand dismissively, “There’s nothing strange about it. Perhaps Sister Meng, you’re older and don’t understand the way young people think. Most of us young people like to stay at home and mind our own business. When they are happily minding their own business at home, we come knocking on their door, expecting them to join us. It would be strange if they were accommodating.”
Meng Jie smiled and nodded. “But one thing is certain. That child should be a good child. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have helped us this morning.”
Wang Xiong: “He’s definitely a good guy, no doubt about it.”
They chatted as they ate. Soon, the conversation smoothly transitioned from Lu Ming to the upcoming action plan.
Meng Jie suggested, “Let’s take a nap here, and once we’re rested, we’ll find a car and weapons. Is that okay?”
Zhang Lixin and Wang Xiong nodded in unison, “No problem.”
After lunch break, he felt refreshed with all attributes fully restored.
Name: Lu Ming.
Age: 25 years old.
Strength: 13.9
Physique: 14.4
Agility: 14.7
What was worth mentioning was that because he had a good time shooting in the morning, Lu Ming’s proficiency in slingshot shooting skyrocketed, reaching level 7 (564/700).
Based on his past experience, it would not take long for his slingshot shooting to reach Level 8.
But that was not the top priority.
The top priority was to observe the situation outside.
Ever since the giant zombie appeared, Lu Ming’s survival strategy had changed.
His home, which he had thought would be foolproof, was at risk of high-level zombies breaking in. This forced Lu Ming to divert his energy to proactively investigate the external risks and play safe.
Up on the second floor, Lu Ming opened the observation hole and saw the man who had shown off his skills in the morning sneaking out quietly, heading toward the village entrance.
The other woman and the man in military uniform remained in the house.
Lu Ming had no view on this.
The house was Lu Ming’s fortress, but others’ were not Lu Ming’s fortress.
If others wanted to go to someone else’s house and treat it as a safe house, that was fine. Lu Ming could not even control what they did outside.
After all, it was illegal to forcefully restrict the movement of others. As a law-abiding young man, Lu Ming would definitely not engage in illegal activities even in the apocalypse.
He waited for about five more minutes.
Suddenly, from a distance, came the rumbling sound of footsteps.
Lu Ming focused his gaze and saw Wang Xiong leading the way, sprinting over, with nearly a hundred zombies following closely behind him, rumbling like a train.
Wang Xiong also had sharp eyes.
From afar, he saw Lu Ming peeping through the window.
He quickly waved at Lu Ming.
“Brother, lend me a hand! Help me out!”


CHAPTER-20
Chapter 20
After weighing whether to help or not, Lu Ming decided to open the window halfway.
Hundreds of zombies had already surrounded the city. This problem had to be resolved.
Of course, he also thought about the capable man who might be intentionally using him, but that thought quickly passed and Lu Ming dismissed it.
The fact that Wang Xiong could attract so many zombies in such a short time indicated that these zombies were nearby. And for Lu Ming, any nearby zombies posed a potential threat, so it was convenient to lure them and deal with them all at once!
Furthermore, Wang Xiong was a free individual, and Lu Ming had no means or demands to restrict his actions. He set up a safe house near Lu Ming’s house. For this, Lu Ming could not control. When he went out to do things, Lu Ming could not interfere either. Even if he provoked the zombies and ran back to his safe house, it was reasonable, and Lu Ming had no say in it.
What Lu Ming could and must do was to eliminate all the zombies in the vicinity of his home while ensuring his own safety.
“Now, for every zombie I kill, I will have one less giant zombie to face in the future!”
There was nothing wrong with that!
“Bang.”
The sound of the slingshot sounded rhythmically, and Wang Xiong cooperated with Lu Ming, luring the zombies towards the makeshift shelter made of a wall and trash cans from the morning.
Wang Xiong shouted from time to time, attracting the full attention of the zombies, greatly ensuring Lu Ming’s safety.
Seeing that Wang Xiong was so sensible, Lu Ming couldn’t help but nod.
This young man didn’t seem to have any ill intentions.
Then there was no need to activate the self-defense program.
Wang Xiong was Awakened. His physique was about twice that of an ordinary zombie, and he had ample combat experience.
There was no issue with Lu Ming’s attributes. What was terrifying was his slingshot shooting skill at Lv7 gave Lu Ming an extremely formidable long-range lethality.
The two cooperated with each other, with Wang Xiong acting as a shield and Lu Ming dealing damage. In less than an hour, the large wave of zombies was completely wiped out.
Wang Xiong panted heavily, showing signs of exhaustion, and Lu Ming felt his wrists sore and swollen.
However, the good news was that his slingshot shooting skill had increased to Lv8 (98/700). Not only did his handling feel much better, but his agility attribute had also increased by 0.8!
“Good job, brother!”
When Wang Xiong arrived at the ground floor of Lu Ming’s house, he gave a thumbs-up to Lu Ming on the second floor. However, Lu Ming closed the window, pulled down the iron gate, and completely ignored him.
A slight freeze appeared on Wang Xiong’s face, but soon he reassured himself, saying, “Looks like he’s a reclusive person.”
After muttering, he added, “But he’s a good person, a really good person.”
He turned around and returned to his own safe house.
“Here’s the situation. The zombies on the other side of the battlefield have dispersed, but not completely.”
“There’s a dense crowd of zombies left over there, and I can’t give you an exact number.”
Once the number exceeded a thousand, it became difficult to estimate the exact count. However, Meng Jie and Zhang Lixin understood what Wang Xiong meant.
It meant that they were still far away from the vehicle and weapons, and there was a significant and even insurmountable threshold.
The zombies they killed today were merely a drop in the bucket compared to the horde outside. They thought that dealing with the giant zombie meant an unobstructed path, but who knew that the giant zombie was just the beginning…
While eating, Wang Xiong said, “That’s how things are. Even with the help of Slingshot Brother, it’s difficult to deal with so many zombies in a short time. And if I go to attract the zombies, it’s indeed dangerous and we must consider the possibility of accidents.”
Regarding this matter, Meng Jie could not offer a good opinion, and Zhang Lixin, a military officer, furrowed his brow upon hearing it.
“After the Tower appeared, all communications were cut off, and the location system did not work anymore. Even the walkie-talkies and military radios were useless… The shelter must have known that our team is in trouble, but there’s no communication channel. I’m not so sure if they’ll send support.”
Even if they wanted to provide support, they had to know the place…
Wang Xiong took a big gulp of instant noodle soup, wiped his mouth, and said, “That’s why I have an idea. Let’s settle down here for now and take it slow. After we deal with the zombie horde and acquire the military vehicles and weapons, then we can discuss our plans in detail.”
“After all, there are two Awakened individuals here, the Slingshot brother and I. Although the Slingshot brother doesn’t like to communicate much, he’s a good person and very reliable.”
“The security here is still guaranteed.”
When they heard the words ‘a good person’ and ‘very reliable’, both Zhang Lixin and Meng Jie nodded in agreement.
Upon careful consideration, the two had to agree with Wang Xiong’s proposal.
Survival should be the top priority.
Even if we want to complete the mission, we must first ensure our own survival.
It was past three o’clock that afternoon.
Just as Lu Ming was finishing his practice of cold weapon combat proficiency, he heard the doorbell ring again.
He went to the door, opened the electronic screen, and saw a face full of righteousness.
“What’s the matter?”
Upon hearing Lu Ming’s voice from the intercom, Wang Xiong smiled and said, “Nothing special, just wanted to say hello to my buddy. We’ve decided to stay nearby for the time being. From now on, we’re neighbors, so let’s take care of each other.”
Lu Ming said, “Suit yourself.”
Neighbors or not, it was nothing important to Lu Ming.
But these people coming to his door two or three times a day was starting to annoy him.
“By the way, brother, what’s your name?”
“Lu Ming.”
“My name is Wang Xiong. and these are my two companions. The soldier is Zhang Lixin, and the female doctor is Meng Jie.”
“Oh~~”
After Lu Ming finished speaking, there was a beeping sound.
It was Lu Ming who intentionally hung up the doorbell…
This time, Wang Xiong was completely sure.
“Brother Lu Ming is indeed someone who enjoys his privacy…”
He pressed the doorbell again.
“What are you doing now?” This time, Lu Ming’s voice was filled with anger.
He didn’t care where Wang Xiong and his group lived, as long as they didn’t stay in his house. But what did they mean by coming several times a day?!
Wang Xiong grinned and said, “There’s something else.”
With that, he raised his right hand and Lu Ming noticed that Wang Xiong was holding a small bag in his right hand.
“Slingshot ammunition. When we were cleaning the streets earlier, we recovered a portion of the steel balls. I will leave them at your door, so you can pick them up later.”
“And I just found a simple lathe nearby. Brother Zhang said that he could use it to produce more ammunition for you. I’ll bring it to you when Brother Zhang is done.”
Lu Ming was silent for a long time before saying slowly, “Thank you.”
Ammunition was indeed important.
After all, this thing was a consumable item that would eventually run out.
While Wang Xiong’s ability to make ammunition did not completely solve Lu Ming’s urgent need, it did provide him with some convenience.
“Well, I won’t disturb you, bro.”
With that, Wang Xiong left.
Lu Ming quietly opened the door and grabbed the bag of ammunition once he was sure that Wang Xiong had gone far enough.
He then went up to the second floor and opened the observation window to look out onto the street.
He saw Wang Xiong and Zhang Lixin moving the bodies of the zombies one by one to a more distant location.
This made Lu Ming nod slightly.
He had always respected sanitation workers.
After all, who would not want a clean and bright street in front of their own home?


CHAPTER-21
Chapter 21
Even though Wang Xiong was an Awakened, it still took him and Zhang Lixin a few hours to clear the bodies of the zombies on the street.
After finishing the task, it was already late in the day. When he returned home, he found that Meng Jie had already brought the corpse of the giant zombie back to the house.
The foul rotten smell filled the entire house and made Wang Xiong frown. However, Meng Jie said to Wang Xiong excitedly, “This is excellent research material. Perhaps I can find the secret of the growth of an Awakened from this zombie.”
Hearing the words “growth of an Awakened,” Wang Xiong seemed to have been triggered and became interested.
Circling the giant zombie a few times, Wang Xiong disregarded the stench and just chuckled, saying, “Meng Jie, you’re amazing!”
Meng Jie waved her hand, saying, “It’s nothing impressive. This is what I do… It’s just that we have too few experimental equipment here. I can’t conduct many experiments.”
But there was nothing they could do about it.
After a brief chat, Wang Xiong pulled Zhang Lixin along to find food and water—this time, they did not knock on Lu Ming’s door.
The night passed uneventfully.
On Tuesday, the tenth day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Back-Training Day.
He got out of bed, washed up, cooked, ate, and peeped through the window.
Coincidentally, Lu Ming saw Wang Xiong and Zhang Lixin leaving the house.
Wang Xiong’s sharp eyes saw Lu Ming and he greeted him with a smile. Lu Ming nodded in response.
—For the sake of ammunition.
After watching Wang Xiong and the other walk far away, Lu Ming closed the observation window and began his training for the day.
An hour and a half of fitness training.
Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Strength: 13.9 (14.7) ↑.
Physique: 14.4 (15.2) ↑.
Agility: 15.5 (16.3) ↑.
Fitness Lv3 (100/300).
After a cup of protein shake and the feeling of sweat, Lu Ming nodded in satisfaction.
He suddenly thought of something and went to the observation window to look out.
Soon, Lu Ming closed the observation window in disappointment.
“It’s a pity that Wang Xiong didn’t lure the monsters today.”
There was a significant difference in the skill proficiency gained from fighting zombies versus shooting at targets. After yesterday’s battle, Lu Ming realized that it was not too dangerous to crouch on the second floor and fight zombies with the cooperation of someone.
Thinking that if Wang Xiong could still lure the monsters today, Lu Ming would reluctantly cooperate with him. However, he was a little disappointed.
Picking up the bow and arrow from the table, Lu Ming aimed and shot at the target—one shot after another. There was no other way; he had to keep practicing the skill, even if progress was slower.
“Brother Zhang, it’s over there.”
On a low building near the village entrance, Wang Xiong whispered to Zhang Lixin.
Zhang Lixin was definitely familiar with the environment ahead—his troops had suffered a crushing defeat here.
Returning to the old place, Zhang Lixin felt not only desolation but also a sense of helplessness.
Because the horde of zombies had not completely dispersed.
Without any sound to attract them, the zombies obediently gathered around the military vehicle, wandering around but not moving far. To obtain the military vehicle and weapons, the only way was to use Wang Xiong’s method – to lure the monsters.
However, with that number, even if there were no giant zombies in the horde, Wang Xiong, although an Awakened, would probably be severely injured if he was not careful.
“Aye.”
With a deep sigh, Zhang Lixin spoke up, “In that case, we can only proceed slowly… Never mind, let’s not worry about this for now. We need to go out and find food, water, and trace the survivors.”
“If possible, I think…”
As he spoke, Zhang Lixin hesitated.
He wanted to gather the survivors.
Firstly, there was strength in numbers, and sticking together in a disaster was certainly not wrong..
Secondly, protecting the people was the duty and responsibility of a soldier.
Thirdly, the neighborhood near Lu Ming’s house was relatively safe.
Having two awakened individuals responsible for security is much better than leaving the survivors to fend for themselves.
The reason why he hesitated was that Zhang Lixin was afraid that Wang Xiong did not agree with him.
After all, the apocalypse had arrived, and everyone should focus on their own survival.
Awakened ones might have stronger abilities, but Zhang Lixin had no reason to demand that those with stronger abilities must shoulder more responsibilities.
Unexpectedly, Wang Xiong suddenly reached out and patted Zhang Lixin’s shoulder.
“I also want to gather the survivors and protect the people.”
Turning to look at Wang Xiong, Zhang Lixin noticed that a sense of righteousness seemed to radiate from his face.
Wang Xiong spoke softly, “I used to like superhero movies the most. My favorite line was, ‘With great power comes great responsibility!'”
“The reason why I learned mixed martial arts is firstly because I have the talent for it, and secondly, I thought I could use it to promote justice in the future…”
Zhang Lixin smiled. “Before the apocalypse, we lived in a society governed by law. It was the responsibility of the police to punish evil and promote good.”
Wang Xiong scratched his head with a silly smile, “Well, I was still young back then and didn’t understand much…”
“In any case, I understand your thoughts, Brother Zhang. Besides, this is also my thought.”
“The shelter you mentioned to Sister Dong is too far away… And the shelter is not able to protect everyone. In fact, after I met the Slingshot brothers yesterday… no, it should be after meeting Lu Ming, I had this thought.”
“That is, to set up a reliable shelter centered around the street at Lu Ming’s house.”
“By doing so, I think it can help a lot of people.”
As he spoke, Wang Xiong’s eyes were filled with anticipation.
Zhang Lixin suddenly understood.
He had been deceived by Wang Xiong’s formidable combat power…
Because fundamentally, Wang Xiong was just a 23-year-old young man who was righteous and heroic.
With this realization, Zhang Lixin spoke softly, “You are a natural-born hero.”
Wang Xiong scratched his head shyly.
“Brother Zhang, you soldiers are the real heroes.”
Both of them were quite reliable in their execution capabilities.
That afternoon, they brought back three survivors.
It was a family of three.
The father and mother were about 30 years old. The child was only eight years old.
Wang Xiong temporarily settled this family of three in a house nearby that had been cleaned, and then he went to Lu Ming’s house.
He rang the doorbell, and soon, Lu Ming’s voice sounded.
“What’s the matter?”
“Brother Lu Ming, three more survivors have come to our block. I was thinking that we should have a meal together today and get to know each other…”
“I’m not going.”
Whether a newcomer came or not had nothing to do with Lu Ming.
Just don’t come into my house.
Lu Ming was even less interested in gathering for a meal or anything like that..
He was about to hang up the call when he heard Wang Xiong’s voice come through again.
“Okay, I understand your situation, brother. I just want to tell you more about what’s going on outside.”
“Let’s not talk about the city, but there are quite a few survivors in our Good Hope Village. However, there are even more zombies.”
“Tomorrow, I’ll prepare…”
It was undeniable that Wang Xiong was a good person.
But at the same time, he was a chatterbox.
He stood outside Lu Ming’s house and rambled on and on, unaware that Lu Ming had already left the electronic screen and gone to the kitchen to start cooking.
It wasn’t until Wang Xiong’s mouth was dry that he finally walked away in satisfaction.
He did not realize that Lu Ming had not heard a single word he said.


CHAPTER-22
Chapter 22
Day 11 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Wednesday, Leg Training Day.
Early in the morning, after getting everything ready, Lu Ming saw Wang Xiong and Zhang Lixin leaving the house.
Ignoring them, he started his leg workout.
After two hours of high-intensity exercise, Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Strength: 14.7 (15.5) ↑.
Physique: 15.2 (16) ↑.
Agility: 16.7 (17.5) ↑.
Fitness Lv3 (150/300).
The additional 0.4 points in agility were the result of yesterday’s increase in archery skill level, providing attribute gains.
As for skill proficiency:
Slingshot Shooting Lv8 (98/700).
Crossbow Shooting Lv2 (5/200).
Archery Lv4 (108/400)
Hand-to-hand Combat Lv4 (12/400).
Cold Weapon Combat Lv6 (215/600).
With sore legs, Lu Ming cooked and ate. Just as he was done, he heard the doorbell ring again.
Letting out a deep sigh, Lu Ming got up and went to the door. He opened the electronic screen and saw Wang Xiong’s sweaty smiling face.
“Brother Lu, we have two more people in our safe zone today. Look, two beautiful ladies.”
He turned to the side, revealing two stunning figures.
Lu Ming did not pay attention to the women.
He was just full of question marks, wondering:
Safe zone? What safe zone? Where is there a safe zone!?
Wang Xiong, who was standing outside the door, naturally could not see Lu Ming’s expression. He continued to introduce them self-absorbedly.
“This tall beauty’s name is Yu Fei. She was in the self-media before the apocalypse.”
“This short, cute lady’s name is Bai Lu. She’s a teacher at the nearby elementary school.”
The two beauties each had their own characteristics.
Yu Fei was in her early 20s, was tall and slender. At 1.7 meters tall, she was roughly estimated to be less than 100 pounds. Most importantly, she had the right curves in the right places, especially her long legs that were exceptionally eye-catching.
Bai Lu, on the other hand, was a little short, measuring less than 1.6 meters. Despite that, she had a youthful appearance and ample bosom, exuding a unique charm.
However, Lu Ming believed that women would only slow down his progress in becoming stronger!
He did not even look at Yu Fei and Bai Lu. He just stared at Wang Xiong on the display screen before finally speaking.
“So, what’s the matter?”
Hearing Lu Ming’s response, Wang Xiong grinned. “It’s fine, it’s fine. I’m just here to familiarize myself with my brother. We’ll be neighbors in the safe zone, so it’s good to know each other for mutual support.”
Lu Ming: “???”
“Please don’t bother me with such things in the future, alright?”
Lu Ming finally couldn’t bear it anymore.
“Coming every day… Those who understand will know that you’re enthusiastic, and those who don’t will think that this is your house!”
Wang Xiong was a little anxious when he heard that. “Brother Lu, this is not a trivial matter. With more people in our safe zone, we’ll have greater strength. It’s a crucial matter for our future.”
So what exactly is that safe zone you’re talking about?!
Lu Ming was about to complain when Wang Xiong changed the topic. “Besides, Brother Lu, you stay at home every day and don’t know the situation outside. I come to chat with you every day and tell you about the outside world.”
“What’s this equivalent to? This is equivalent to DY or WeChat Moments before the apocalypse, right? No matter how nerdy a person is, he has to have a channel to understand the world, right? At the very least, Lu Ming, don’t you want to know what the zombies outside have evolved into?”
Speaking of evolved zombies, Lu Ming’s expression became serious.
There was indeed a need to understand this.
“So, the zombies outside have evolved again?”
Wang Xiong laughed. “Not really, I walked two streets today and didn’t encounter those giant zombies from before.”
Lu Ming: “???”
However, I have a vague feeling that the zombies seem to be more active.”
“Brother Zhang and I went out this morning…”
Wang Xiong spoke without any intention of stopping.
However, this time Lu Ming did not feel impatient.
Just as Wang Xiong had said, Lu Ming was being a little narrow-minded by relying on observation holes to observe the outside world. With Wang Xiong’s big mouth introducing the outside world, although Lu Ming felt that it was troublesome, after deep thought, he considered it necessary.
About half an hour later, Lu Ming interrupted Wang Xiong’s nagging.
“I’m going to take a nap.”
“Sure, Brother Lu, rest up.”
Smacking his lips, he didn’t express satisfaction, but he had to stop.
Leaving Lu Ming’s house with Yu Fei and Bai Lu, they walked on the street until Yu Fei spoke, “Brother Wang…”
Wang Xiong quickly waved his hand, “Just call me Wang Xiong.”
Yu Fei said politely, “Alright, Wang Xiong. the person just now, is he the Brother Lu Ming you mentioned?”
Wang Xiong nodded and said with some emotion, “That’s Brother Lu. We’re in the safe area of Good Hope Village. I’m in charge of external affairs and Brother Lu is in charge of internal affairs. I’m responsible for working outdoors, and Brother Lu is responsible for protecting the safety here.”
“In our safe zone, we can’t do without Brother Lu.”
Hearing Wang Xiong’s words, Yu Fei and Bai Lu’s expressions immediately turned solemn.
They could not forget that just this morning, when the two of them were blocked by zombies, it was Wang Xiong who descended from the sky like a divine godsend and saved them from danger.
The two women were extremely impressed by Wang Xiong—because no one dared to fight a zombie, except Wang Xiong.
He could even handle ten of them at once!
They felt so safe to be by this man’s side.
On the way back, they heard Lu Ming’s name from Wang Xiong and became interested in him as well.
Bai Lu murmured, “But it seems that Brother Lu doesn’t like to chat with people.”
Yu Fei nodded in agreement.
She even felt that Bai Lu’s words were an understatement.
It was more than just not liking to chat with people.
Yu Fei felt that there was something off about Brother Lu—how could someone chat without even showing his face? In this day and age, you have to show your face in online chats…
In short, it was very strange.
Wang Xiong waved his hand.
“Aren’t people allowed to have quirks?”
Bai Lu smiled gently. “Brother Wang, you don’t have any.”
Wang Xiong: “That’s because you don’t know me well.”
“Anyway, today, I’ll introduce you to the place, and show your faces to Brother Lu. In the future, when I’m outside, if there’s any danger here, you won’t have trouble finding the place.”
Yu Fei and Bai Lu nodded repeatedly.
It was not until they reached the door of the safe house that Yu Fei suddenly spoke.
“By the way, Brother Wang, is Brother Lu also an Awakened?”
Wang Xiong nodded.
“Then how is his strength compared to yours?”
Wang Xiong was not sure about that…
However, when it came to strength, Wang Xiong considered himself not inferior to others, especially as a young person with a competitive spirit. After thinking for a moment, he said, “Brother Lu specializes in long-range attacks with a slingshot, and his accuracy is incredible. But when it comes to physical fitness and close combat, I believe I am stronger.”
Yu Fei and Bai Lu were enlightened. “So Brother Wang is stronger then?”
Wang Xiong smiled shyly, accepting the flattery of the two beauties.
“But we can’t compare it that way.”
“Just as I said earlier, I handle external affairs and Brother Lu takes care of internal matters. In our safe zone, Brother Lu’s abilities are also crucial.”
“Of course, Brother Zhang, Sister Meng, Li Gang’s family of three, and the other two are also very important.”
Just as the door to the safe house opened, Meng Jie waved at Wang Xiong.
“My research on the giant zombie has yielded results.”


CHAPTER-23
Chapter 23
Wang Xiong followed Meng Jie into the house and immediately saw the corpse of the giant zombie lying on the table.
At this moment, the giant zombie had already been violently dissected by Meng Jie. Due to the lack of experimental equipment, the dissection process was quite rough.
Yu Fei and Bai Lu, who were standing at the door, felt their stomachs churn just by glancing at it. Fortunately, they hadn’t eaten anything for several days…
Meng Jie and Wang Xiong did not mind it.
Meng Jie’s nonchalance was due to her professional qualities.
Wang Xiong’s nonchalance was purely a pursuit of strength. No matter how disgusting a scene was, it was not as important as the path of advancement for an Awakened.
They came to the corpse of a giant zombie.
Meng Jie pointed to the bloody mess and said, “Due to the lack of necessary equipment, I can’t observe the cellular tissue of the giant zombie at the microscopic level. So, my research focus is mainly on three aspects.”
First, the physical strength of the giant zombie.
“After testing its muscle strength, it can be concluded that the giant zombie’s physical strength is roughly twice that of an ordinary zombie.”
In terms of attributes, it was around 12 points, not much different from Wang Xiong.
Of course, Wang Xiong was shorter, so having the same strength meant he was more suitable for combat. He also had more combat experience, so in a one-on-one battle, the giant zombie was definitely not his match.
“The second aspect is the evolution of the giant zombie.”
Meng Jie picked up a bloody, bag-like object and held it up in front of Wang Xiong.
“Do you know what this is?”
Wang Xiong shook his head and Meng Jie gave the answer, “It’s the stomach of the giant zombie.”
“Compared to an ordinary zombie, the structure of the giant zombie’s body has undergone significant changes. But the most significant change is the stomach sac.”
“The digestive capabilities of a giant zombie is very strong, and its stomach can secrete enzymes that specialize in digesting flesh and blood. This can allow them to quickly digest the food swallowed into their stomachs.”
With that, Meng Jie put the stomach sac aside and continued, “Because of the lack of necessary equipment, I can’t observe more. But I speculate that the nature and function of these enzymes are probably to supplement the mysterious factors inside the giant zombie’s body by digesting the mysterious factors in the flesh and blood of living creatures, thereby inducing evolution in both zombie and even giant zombies.”
So, the logic of zombie evolution is easy to understand. Their original intention in hunting humans is for evolution!
Wang Xiong furrowed his brow and thought for a moment before saying, “So, Meng Jie, are you suggesting that ordinary people’s flesh and blood also contain mysterious factors?”
Meng Jie nodded and said, “Yes, indeed! After the emergence of the Tower, it continuously released mysterious factors. These factors have merged with the air. So, every time we breathe, we inhale a certain amount of mysterious factors. However, the quantity of mysterious factors in ordinary people’s bodies is small, and they are not integrated with their cells, so awakening phenomena do not occur.”
“To put it bluntly, awakening is like buying a lottery ticket. It might also be related to one’s innate physique. Everyone absorbs the mysterious factors, so why do some people become Awakened while others don’t? We still don’t have an answer to that yet.”
“But I have an idea now… Is it possible to develop a safe method to increase the concentration of the mysterious factors in ordinary people’s bodies and force them to awaken?
Wang Xiong could not provide any answers.
Meng Jie could not proceed with her experiment to this stage either—mainly due to the lack of equipment.
However, it was undeniable that Meng Jie felt that this was indeed an extremely valuable research topic.
“Oh, by the way, the above two points are irrelevant to you. I think what you’re most concerned about is the way the Awakened evolve, right?”
Meng Jie smiled kindly at Wang Xiong and saw him smiling and nodding sheepishly.
Meng Jie decided not to keep him in suspense.
With a flick of her hand, she took out a transparent, prism-shaped crystal from her pocket.
This made Wang Xiong raise his eyebrows.
“What’s this?”
“Corpse Crystal. I call it a Corpse Crystal.”
As she spoke, Meng Jie pointed at the giant zombie’s dissected brain.
“It was found in the giant zombie’s head…”
Wang Xiong felt that this scene was somewhat familiar.
Thinking about it carefully, it dawned on Wang Xiong.
“Isn’t this the setting in the novel?”
Wang Xiong was a fan of web text and had come across post-apocalyptic literature.
Zombies had crystals in their brains. Humans undergo awakening and evolution by consuming the crystals.
This plot is a little lousy…
“But that’s what happened.”
Meng Jie had never read a novel. She had merely described her research findings.
“When I was dissecting the giant zombie, I found this thing in its brain.”
However, due to the lack of experimental equipment, I can’t determine what this thing is. I can only be sure that firstly, this crystal is harmless. Secondly, it contains relatively pure mysterious factors.
Meng Jie had mentioned this before.
The source of both zombies and the Awakened ones was mystery factors.
Therefore, Meng Jie believed that the hope of an Awakened being evolving would also rest on the mystery factor.
And the corpse crystals found in the giant zombie’s brain were a pure polymer of mystery factors.
“Therefore, my hypothesis is that this thing can strengthen the concentration of the mystery factors in the bodies of the Awakened ones and make them stronger. It might even allow ordinary people to become Awakened ones… However, without professional experimentation, I can’t be sure of the effect of this zombie crystal on you.”
With that, Meng Jie put away the Corpse Crystal.
Wang Xiong panicked.
“Give it to me, Sister Meng! It’s useful to me!”
Meng Jie shook her head. “Nothing I said has been professionally tested. So I’m sorry, I won’t give you the corpse crystals for you to use casually.”
Wang Xiong scratched his head anxiously. “But…”
Before he could say anything else, Meng Jie’s hand had already touched Wang Xiong’s shoulder.
She said gently but solemnly, “Presently, you are our hope. So I’m sorry that I can’t let you take the risk of swallowing the Corpse Crystal.”
Wang Xiong opened his mouth, but he could not say anything else.
After waking up from his afternoon nap, he obtained all his attributes.
After eating some canned fruits, Lu Ming peeped through the window as he ate. He saw Wang Xiong setting off again—he was really busy…
Anyway, Lu Ming felt that Wang Xiong and he were two extremes.
He was definitely unwilling to go out, while Wang Xiong was definitely unwilling to stay at home.
Ignoring Wang Xiong, Lu Ming turned and saw Zhang Lixin and Li Gang (the father of the family of three rescued yesterday) cleaning up the street. Li Gang’s wife, Yu Fei, and Bai Lu also helped. It was a busy scene.
After eleven days, there were finally people on the streets again.
Lu Ming did not feel anything.
He didn’t go out. It really had nothing to do with him if there was anyone outside.
He closed the window and began his afternoon exercise.
The slingshot was fired!
He just didn’t know if he should pity it. There would be no shooting of zombies today.


CHAPTER-24
Chapter 24
“Day 12 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Thursday, Rest Day.”
“Nothing happened today.”
“Wang Xiong still came to harass me today. He brought back four more survivors. I don’t remember their names, and it doesn’t matter.”
“But there’s something worth paying attention to.”
“Wang Xiong went out today and was attacked by a huge zombie.”
“Compared to coincidence, I’m more inclined to believe that the number of giant zombies is increasing as time passes.”
“The apocalypse is getting more and more dangerous.”
“Physical status record on the twelfth day of the Apocalypse Calendar.”
“Pass…”
“Day 13 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Friday, Chest Practicing Day.”
“Nothing happened today.”
“In the afternoon, Wang Xiong came again. He told me something.”
“He said that there are other survivors in Good Hope Village, and there are many of them. Today, he went out and brought back a survivor, but he saw signs of living people in the village. From the traces, there were many of them. Wang Xiong is going to follow the traces tomorrow and investigate.”
“I actually don’t quite understand why Wang Xiong is so obsessed with saving people. But since that’s what he wants and he doesn’t need my help, he can do whatever he wants.”
“Physical status record on the 13th day of the Apocalypse Calendar.”
“Pass…”
Day 14 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Saturday, Back-Training Day.
“Nothing happened today.”
“Wang Xiong didn’t come today.”
“The good news is that I’ve leveled up my slingshot shooting to Level 10. The bad news is that with Level 10 slingshot shooting, I can no longer gain proficiency by shooting at targets.”
In a sense, I’ve already maxed out my slingshot shooting skills… Next, I will focus on improving my proficiency in archery.
But thinking about it, if I just shoot at target, my archery skill can only reach Level 10. If I want to raise my skill level, I need to find some live corpses as targets. Unfortunately, Wang Xiong hasn’t attracted any monsters recently, and it’s not safe to go out…”
“Physical status record on the 13th day of the Apocalypse Calendar.”
“Pass…”
“Day 15 of the Apocalypse Calendar…”
“Day 16 of the Doomsday Calendar…”
Day 17 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Tuesday, Back-Training Day.
11 noon.
While making lunch, Lu Ming opened the attribute panel.
Name: Lu Ming.
Age: 25 years old.
Strength: 26.7
Physique: 27.2
Agility: 26.4
Fitness Lv4 (150/400): Maximum attribute points obtained every day increased by 0.4 point.
Slingshot Lv10 (0/1000).
Crossbow Shooting Lv2 (5/200).
Archery Lv7 (55/700)
Hand-to-hand combat Lv8 (523/800).
Cold Weapon Combat Lv10 (0/1000).
After nearly a week, Lu Ming’s attributes and skills had changed drastically.
At the same time, his fitness skill had reached Level 4. The basic attributes that Lu Ming could obtain every day had reached 0.9 point.
His cold weapon combat skills had also increased to Level 10.
Holding a dagger, a fire ax, a bat and other cold weapons, Lu Ming felt like he was commanding with ease as he wished.
Unfortunately, like slingshot shooting, after reaching Level 10, Lu Ming could no longer obtain skill proficiency with empty swings.
This meant that if Lu Ming wanted to increase the level of his cold weapon combat skills, he had to either find a living person to spar with or carry a bat and ax to kill a zombie.
This was very annoying…
Soon, lunch was ready.
Rice, chicken breast, dried vegetables.
While eating, Lu Ming was watching videos when he suddenly thought of Wang Xiong.
Wang Xiong had not come to look for him for two days.
At this moment, Wang Xiong was at the other end of Good Hope Village.
Over the past few days, Wang Xiong had been carefully exploring Good Hope Village, wanting to find and gather more survivors.
A few days ago, he discovered traces of a large number of living people. Following the traces, Wang Xiong crossed the village and finally made a major discovery at noon today.
In front of Wang Xiong was a large courtyard.
The large courtyard was made up of three five-story low buildings. On the empty side was a large iron gate and a wall around it.
The wall was three meters high. Wang Xiong could still see a crudely-built observation deck inside the wall. Someone was on the lookout.
Nanxiang City was located in the south. In the past few decades, when the country was not developing well, there were many clans here.
As society progressed and the economy developed, the concept of clans has gradually been replaced by something new. However, it was undeniable that in many places, there still existed clan relationships based on blood ties.
Large extended families living together, providing warmth and mutual assistance, have strong cohesion.
And the house in front of Wang Xiong was the ancestral home of the Zhang family in the Good Hope Village.
The Zhang family was also quite well-known in Good Hope Village.
This large family consisted of nearly a hundred people. Although they did not have their own ancestral laws and rules like in ancient times, their cohesion was still quite good.
Every New Year, more than a hundred people gather together. It was a sight to behold in the village.
He observed for a long time.
In the end, Wang Xiong could not suppress his curiosity.
He walked over to the Zhang residence.
Before Wang Xiong could approach the door, he heard a voice from the observation deck behind the wall.
“Someone is approaching! It’s a living person!”
After Wang Xiong stopped, he saw the small window on the iron gate open and a pair of eyes peeping out.
These eyes were like searchlights as they scanned Wang Xiong.
When he saw the scar on Wang Xiong’s neck from the bite of a zombie, the person behind the door was silent for a moment.
A muffled voice sounded. “An Awakened?”
Wang Xiong was silent for a moment before nodding. “Yes.”
“Creak~~”
The big iron door opened.
A tall, burly middle-aged man waved at Wang Xiong.
“Come in quickly.”
After walking into the Zhang residence, Wang Xiong saw more.
A pile of supplies like a small mountain—this was piled in the courtyard. There was no telling how many resources had been hidden there.
There were women, children, and men carrying bows or machetes in the courtyard.
The atmosphere was a little tense, but considering that it was the apocalypse, there was nothing strange about it.
Before Wang Xiong could observe further, the middle-aged man beside him spoke.
“My name is Jang Ye. I’m the leader here.”
“What about you, little brother?”
“My name is Wang Xiong.”
“Yes. So are you here to take a look, or do you want to find a safe shelter?”
These words made Wang Xiong hesitate for a moment.
Before he could respond, Zhang Ye said, “If you just want to take a look, I’ll bring you around. If you want to join us, we’ll welcome you with open arms. After all, Awakened ones can be a lot of help here.”
“Brother Zhang, you also know about Awakened ones?”
“Yes, I am one. Besides me, we have two other Awakened ones here. Otherwise, we wouldn’t be able to guard this territory.”
Hearing this, Wang Xiong raised his eyebrows.
There were actually three Awakened here!
This was not a small number.
The door behind him opened again.
A group of people hurried in.
The person in the lead was a woman who was about 25 years old. She carried a bow and arrow valiantly. As soon as she saw Zhang Ye, she immediately walked over.
“Brother, we brought back seven more survivors.”
Zhang Ye nodded in acknowledgment and immediately said, “Take good care of them.”


CHAPTER-25
Chapter 25
Wang Xiong stayed at the Zhang residence until the afternoon.
He basically explored the whole Zhang residence.
Besides this place, Wang Xiong also had a preliminary understanding of Zhang Ye.
Before the apocalypse, Zhang Ye had his own company.
Originally, Zhang Ye had returned to Good Hope Village to worship his ancestors. However, he did not expect a disaster to suddenly erupt and he was trapped in the ancestral residence.
Fortunately, when the zombies appeared, there were not many old men in the Zhang residence, but there were many young and strong men.
Using the money from his parents, Zhang Ye made a prompt decision to set up a shelter here.
The core members were naturally the young men of the Zhang family, but at the same time, they would also go out to save people to increase the number of members.
It was already the 17th day of the apocalypse.
Originally, there were only about 30 people in the shelter. Now, there were more than 100 people.
At the same time, the three of them, including Zhang Ye, became Awakened. This increased the safety of the shelter, and it was not so difficult to go out to find supplies.
After leaving the Zhang residence, Wang Xiong pondered as he returned.
He could tell that although Zhang Ye was not that friendly, he was generally a good person.
Moreover, he was quite capable. The Zhang residence was well-managed by him, his defense was good, and he had sufficient supplies.
At the same time, Zhang Ye also invited Wang Xiong, wanting him to join him.
That was also why Wang Xiong was in a dilemma.
On his side was the shelter with more than 10 people.
On the other side, there was the Zhang Shelter with sufficient supplies and outstanding defense.
It was not until evening when Wang Xiong returned to the safe house that he made a decision.
“I think we should move.”
He said to Zhang Lixin, Meng Jie, and the others.
It was human instinct to stay together in the apocalypse.
Everyone understood the principle of strength in numbers.
There were very few people like Lu Ming. Most people were more inclined to stay with their own kind.
This had nothing to do with whether he was an Awakened or not.
“I’ve looked over there. What I can be sure of is that there’s nothing wrong with the shelter and Zhang Ye.”
Wang Xiong first ruled out the possibility of encountering a bad person before looking out of the window.
He could see that the corpses of the zombies had been cleared out of the street outside the window… but that was all.
There were really too many things to do to transform this shelter into an usable safe zone… and there were not enough people here at all.
In terms of physical conditions, this street could not compare to Zhang’s ancestral residence at all.
“Moreover, there are more of them and more Awakened ones. There are also walls and sufficient food.”
“All things considered, I think we’re better off moving there.”
As for his status and authority after moving over, Wang Xiong had never considered it at all.
He had saved people and established a safe area not because he wanted to be a leader. He just did it as saving people was the right thing to do.
No one had any objections to Wang Xiong’s decision.
In fact, Wong Xiong, as the protector, Wang Xiong had long become the de facto leader of the group..
Seeing everyone nodding, Wang Xiong continued.
“So, it’s settled. I’ll talk to Brother Lu Ming.”
Wang Xiong certainly wanted to bring Lu Ming along with him.
In his mind, Lu Ming would definitely follow them and go to the ancestral home of the Zhang family together.
However, the communication between Wang Xiong and Lu Ming did not go as smoothly as expected.
“Move? I’m not moving!”
Lu Ming’s voice on the other end of the line sounded exceptionally resolute.
This left Wang Xiong feeling puzzled…
“Brother, it’s obviously safer over there… Including you and me, there are five Awakened over there. There are also more ordinary people and there’s enough food.”
Lu Ming who was inside the house couldn’t help but sneer.
You want me to leave the house? Dream on!
Of course, he had become familiar with Wang Xiong during this period of time, so Lu Ming did not speak too harshly.
After some thought, Lu Ming spoke.
“My home was already safe before you guys came over.”
Wang Xiong: “…”
That hit hard, bro.
So, he meant that we were superfluous, huh?
But after thinking about it, Wang Xiong could not find anything to refute.
Indeed…
Before they came, Lu Ming had been staying at home just fine. During this period of time, they had not seen Lu Ming go out to look for supplies, which indicated that he was probably not short of supplies.
After a long silence, Wang Xiong sighed and said,
“We have to move. Even if you don’t move, we have to.”
“Have a safe trip.”
Wang Xiong: “…”
He had wanted to try persuading him again.
But Lu Ming’s stubborn temperament left Wang Xiong speechless.
In the end, he could only mutter with a complicated expression, “Brother, take care.”
“Yeah.”
Watching Wang Xiong walk away on the electronic screen, Lu Ming’s expression was as usual, but there were indeed some fluctuations in his eyes.
Although Wang Xiong was a little nagging and annoying, he was still a good person.
With Wang Xiong, Lu Ming had gained an additional understanding of the outside world.
But now, Wang Xiong is leaving…
Deep down, Lu Ming actually felt a bit reluctant.
Yes, just a little bit…
After smashing a sandbag in the evening, Lu Ming forgot about the matter.
After waking up from a sweet sleep, when he peeked out the window early in the morning, Lu Ming saw Wang Xiong leading around ten people walking away towards Good Hope Village. Only then did Lu Ming remember the conversation from yesterday.
Soon, the streets became empty, devoid of both zombies and live persons.
Lu Ming closed the observation hole and began his training for the day.
Wang Xiong had already cleared the route to the Zhang family’s ancestral residence yesterday.
They set off today and did not encounter any danger along the way.
Around noon, Wang Xiong brought 13 survivors, including Zhang Lixin and Meng Jie, to the Zhang family’s ancestral residence and was received warmly by Zhang Ye.
During lunch, Zhang Ye took out wine and sealed roast chicken. Wang Xiong and the others wolfed down the food. At the same time, they were certain that they had made the right choice to come this time!
A bigger, safer shelter with more abundant resources.
In the midst of the apocalypse, this was truly something to look forward to.
After a full meal, it was time for small talk.
The ordinary survivors were brought to the dormitory. Over this side, Zhang Ye served dried fruits. The three Awakened ones from the Zhang family shelter, along with Wang Xiong, Zhang Lixin, and Meng Jie, engaged in a conversation.
“Does the military have any rescue plans?”
Zhang Ye had already learned that Zhang Lixin was a soldier. This identity was born with a halo, and naturally carried some weight. The commoners had faith in the soldiers of the people.
Zhang Lixin shook his head gently. “The outbreak of the apocalypse caught us off guard, and the military was not prepared either. Moreover, communications are currently blocked, so I don’t know the current situation up there.”
After briefly discussing the topic, a young man next to Zhang Ye turned to Meng Jie and spoke.
“Sister Meng, I heard that you’re an expert in biology. Do you have any research or insights on zombies and Awakened individuals?”
The young man’s name was Li Zitong, one of the three Awakened ones from the Zhang family shelter.
Hearing Li Zitong’s question, Meng Jie pondered for a moment and began to share her research and speculations.


CHAPTER-26
Chapter 26
As Meng Jie spoke, Zhang Ye, Li Zitong, and Zhang Ye’s sister, Zhang Chengcheng, were all completely focused, hanging on every word.
When Meng Jie finished speaking, the three of them fell into deep thought.
A moment later, Zhang Ye said, “So, Dr. Meng, what you mean is that zombies can evolve by devouring the flesh and blood of ordinary people or Awakened ones, and Awakened and ordinary people can also advance to a higher level through corpse crystals.”
As expected, as an Awakened, Zhang Ye’s focus was identical to Wang Xiong’s.
The three of them did not pay much attention to the tower, the mystery factor, or cell integration.
What they were most concerned about was the evolution of the zombies and the evolution conditions of the Awakened.
Noticing Zhang Ye’s interest, Meng Jie hurriedly added, “These are all speculations and haven’t been proven through experiments.”
Instead, Zhang Ye smiled politely. “Speculations are enough.”
With that, he turned to look at Zhang Chengcheng and said, “Go and bring all the corpse crystals we’ve collected.”
For now, he defined zombies as Level 0 zombies.
Then the giant zombies would be called Level 1 zombies.
From Wang Xiong’s incident, it could be seen that Awakened individuals are highly attracted to giant zombies.
There were a total of three Awakened in the Zhang’s Safety Zone.
This was a big cake for the giant zombies.
Coupled with the recent evolution of ordinary zombies into giant zombies, the Zhang family safe zone had been attacked by at least ten giant zombies recently.
Fortunately, the wall was sturdy, and Zhang Ye handled the situation well. The giant corpse had not evolved to the extent of hunting in groups.
This allowed the Zhang family Safety Zone to stand firm, and allowed Zhang Ye to collect about 10 transparent Level 1 zombie crystals.
Zhang Chengcheng quickly brought the corpse crystals over.
More than 10 corpse crystals were placed on the table, shimmering and sparkling in the sunlight.
Zhang Ye picked up one of the corpse crystals, thought for a moment, and stuffed it into his mouth.
This shocked Wang Xiong, Meng Jie, and the others!
“What are you doing?!”
“Brother Zhang, you’re too impulsive!”
“What I just said was only speculation and has not been experimentally proven at all. Now you’re playing with your life!”
However, Zhang Ye had already done it and it was useless to say anything else.
After a few remarks from the others, and seeing that Zhang Ye showed no response, they quieted down.
Wang Xiong and the other two Awakened ones surrounded Zhang Ye in the middle to prevent him from turning into a zombie. Zhang Lixin stepped back a few steps and positioned himself near the corner, protecting Meng Jie, who had a serious expression as she recorded and observed.
Soon, Zhang Ye made a move.
He twisted his neck slightly and turned to look at Meng Jie, saying, “No taste, melts in your mouth. I waited for about three minutes, but there was no abnormal reaction.”
The so-called abnormal reaction referred to no physical or mental discomfort, and no signs of becoming stronger.
Meng Jie thought for a moment and said, “The quantity is not enough.”
Zhāng Yě nodded. “That’s what I think too.”
With that, he picked up another corpse crystal.
He was about to stuff the corpse crystal into his mouth when he was stopped by Wang Xiong, Zhang Cheng, and Li Zitong.
Wang Xiong said, “Brother, think it through. Don’t be rash.”
Zhang Chengcheng sounded like she was about to cry. “Brother, what will happen to our colony if you’re gone?”
His sister’s words made Zhang Ye hesitate and sigh.
He smiled bitterly and said, “Actually, I’m not an impulsive person. It’s always been my principle in life to think twice before acting.”
“Unfortunately, we don’t have time…”
“Little Brother Wang Xiong might not know, but Zitong and Cheng Cheng should know that the frequency of zombie attacks has been increasing recently, and the frequency of giant zombies appearing has also increased. According to Dr. Meng’s theory, such a large gathering place like ours is destined to attract zombies or even giant zombies. Brother Wang Xiong’s participation has indeed supplemented ours, but I’m worried that it won’t be long before higher-level zombies will appear.”
“At that time, our colony will be gone.”
As he spoke, Li Zitong and Zhang Chengcheng had already let go of him.
They were also in deep thought—because what Zhang Ye said was completely true.
Holding the corpse crystal, Zhang Ye said solemnly, “Now that Dr. Meng has proposed a possible path for the evolution of the Awakened, to be honest, I also want a 100% safe advancement path, but the conditions aren’t there. And our current situation doesn’t allow us to continue waiting or dilly-dallying…”
“I thought that since I have to carry out live experiments to verify Dr. Meng’s hypothesis… Then why don’t I be the lab rat!
At this point, Zhang Ye smiled carefreely. “If anything unexpected happens to me, I’ll leave this to you.”
With that, he forcefully broke free from Wang Xiong’s hand and swallowed the second corpse crystal.
This time, no one said anything.
After swallowing each corpse crystal, Zhang Ye would wait for five minutes.
After swallowing the second one, there was no reaction.
The third one.
The fourth one…
It was not until the tenth one that Zhang Ye’s expression changed.
“Dr. Meng, I have a reaction.”
Meng Jie couldn’t help but walk forward and carefully observe Zhang Ye’s condition.
Zhang Ye said, “I feel a burning sensation in my body, as if there’s a ball of fire in my heart… No, it’s not just my heart. My whole body feels very hot.”
There was no need for Zhang Ye to say much.
This was because everyone present could see that Zhang Ye’s skin was rapidly turning red, and hot air was emanating from his pores.
At this moment, his body temperature was estimated to be at least 43 degrees Celsius!
Meng Jie asked nervously, “What about other sensations? Especially your consciousness and your brain! Do you feel dizzy or have a headache?”
Zhang Ye shook his head. “No. I’m clear-headed, just very hot.”
Then he thought for a moment and added, “But it’s very comfortable.”
As soon as he said the word ‘comfortable’, Meng Jie immediately heaved a sigh of relief. “If it’s comfortable, there shouldn’t be a problem.”
The human body is very wonderful.
When something is wrong, it will definitely feel uncomfortable.
If it is comfortable, then there is a high probability that there is no problem.
After waiting for a while, everyone saw that Zhang Ye’s skin was slowly returning to normal. There was the faint sound of bones cracking in his body, but his appearance did not change much.
After about twenty minutes, Jang Ye sighed with satisfaction. He slowly stood up and flexed his limbs as he said, “It’s over.”
“The initial reaction was a hot sensation, but it was very comfortable. The state lasted for about 20 minutes before it subsided.”
“The heat is gone now, but I can feel that my whole body is full of strength!”
As he spoke, Zhang Ye reached out and grabbed the corner of the table. With a sudden force, there was a crack. A corner of the mahogany table was broken by Zhang Ye on the spot.
“My physical fitness has increased greatly. At the same time, I seem to have acquired a new ability…”
With that, he looked at the nervous crowd and immediately smiled brightly.
“Let’s go out and try it. Let’s see how different I am as a Level 2 Awakened compared to before!”


CHAPTER-27
Chapter 27
As the first known Awakened who had advanced, Zhang Ye took the initiative to classify his current state as a Level 2 Awakened.
Level 1 was the state of the previous him, and the current Wang Xiong, Zhang Chengcheng, and the others.
Ordinary people were considered Level 0.
This corresponded to the levels of the zombies.
In the courtyard, Meng Jie assisted Zhang Ye in conducting the test.
Strength, speed, physical fitness, and so on.
About an hour later, the test results were out.
“Double.”
“Your current state is twice as strong in all aspects compared to before.”
If, for example, Zhang Ye’s average three-dimensional attributes were 10 points at Level 1.
Then it had now increased to 20 points.
And the exponential growth of attributes meant a breakthrough in real combat power!
With Zhang Ye’s current state, he could even defeat the outstanding Level 1 Awakened—Wang Xiong—with one hand!
“That’s not all.”
After Zhang Ye finished speaking, he stretched out his right hand in front of everyone.
One could see a faint red light emanating from Zhang Ye’s hand and soon, a small flame appeared in his hand.
This magical scene made everyone present gasp in awe.
Zhang Ye casually flicked the flame, and it traveled ten meters before landing on the ground and exploding with a bang, producing a blast comparable to a hand grenade.
“This is what I’ve previously mentioned, my new awakened ability!”
The three Level 1 Awakened marveled at it, and Meng Jie summarized, “Level 1 Awakened don’t have such a special ability. In other words, only Level 2 Awakened can awaken such a special ability.”
“Let’s call it an extraordinary power for now.”
A new term was born.
As the saying goes, good things come in pairs.
Today, two major events occurred in the Zhang family’s stronghold.
First, it was the addition of a new Awakened, Wang Xiong.
Second, Leader Zhang Ye successfully advanced and became the first known Level 2 Awakened.
At dinner, even the ordinary survivors received an extra can of meat.
The Zhang family’s stronghold implemented a communal meal system.
The supplies were distributed uniformly. Unless there were special circumstances, if one wanted to eat, they had to come to the dining hall.
Yu Fei and Bai Lu took their trays and got their meals at the counter.
There wasn’t much, half a bowl of white rice, some dried and pickled vegetables, and of course, a can of meat.
Before the apocalypse, Yu Fei and Bai Lu would have looked down on such a meal – they had bootlickers to take them to fancy restaurants every day.
But, after more than 10 days in the apocalypse, the edges of the two fairies had been smoothed out. At least, this was the most delicious meal they had in the apocalypse. Previously, they only ate packaged food like instant noodles near Lu Ming’s house.
They were no longer concerned about maintaining their image.
Yu Fei and Bai Lu ate with gusto, and wolfed down their food.
While they were eating, they heard a voice next to them. The two of them looked up and saw a young and beautiful woman smile and take the initiative to sit beside Yu Fei.
“Hello, my name is Zhang Chengcheng. I see there’s no one with you, do you mind if I sit here?”
“No problem. Be my guest.”
Even though they had only been here for an afternoon, Yu Fei and Bai Lu had heard of Zhang Chengcheng—Zhang Ye’s biological sister, an Awakened in the gathering place.
At first, the two of them were a bit awkward, but Zhang Chengcheng, despite her high status and strong abilities, had a cheerful and genuine personality.
The three girls were all attractive and close in age, so they quickly started chatting.
Zhang Chengcheng asked, “By the way, where was your gathering place before?”
Yu Fei: “Over at Guangping Street.”
“Are there many zombies over there?”
“There are no zombies near our gathering place. They have been all cleaned up by Brother Wang and Brother Lu, but there are many zombies at the entrance of the village. These were the ones that were previously fighting Zhang Lixin and the others. Many of them are still blocking the entrance of the village.”
Yu Fei’s reply intrigued Zhang Chengcheng.
She knew about the military situation but had not investigated it herself.
At noon, she heard from Zhang Lixin that there was leftover military equipment and vehicles there. This was undoubtedly a great treasure trove for the Zhang clan gathering place.
At this moment, while casually chatting with Yu Fei and Bai Lu, she also wanted to inquire about the situation over there. After all, their original gathering place was relatively close to the battlefield.
Unexpectedly, Yu Fei told her another piece of news.
“Brother Lu? Who is Brother Lu?”
“Lu Ming, an Awakened from our original gathering place.”
Another Awakened…
Wang Xiong had never mentioned this.
Zhang Chengcheng asked curiously, “Why isn’t he here?”
Yu Fei chuckled softly. “Brother Lu, how should I put it? He’s very, very strange. I’ve lived there for a week, but I haven’t seen that person leave the house.”
Bai Lu added, “When we decided to move out yesterday, Brother Wang even went to tell Lu Ming to come along. But for some reason, that weirdo hid at home and didn’t budge. Now, he’s the only one left over there… I reckon we’ll be able to collect his corpse before long.”
Yu Fei and Bai Lu’s words made Zhang Chengcheng frown.
She wanted to say something, but thought better of it. Instead, she just changed the topic.
“Are you comfortable staying here?”
Yu Fei and Bai Lu nodded repeatedly.
“Comfortable! The bed sheets and covers are new.”
“The food is also better here, much, much better.”
“And there are more people, so it’s safer.”
“I’ve been there for a week, but I haven’t even tasted any meat. But here, we get to eat meat right away….”
In short, this place is good, while the other place is not.
For some reason, Zhang Chengcheng felt a l,bit bored chatting with these two women.
She politely smiled and said, “You guys eat. I have something to do.”
Then she left on her own.
Before leaving the dining hall, Zhang Chengcheng caught a glimpse of Li Zi sitting at Yu Fei and Bai Lu’s table, occupying the seat she had just left, chatting and laughing with the two women.
Lu Ming’s dinner was rice, boiled chicken breast, and dehydrated vegetables.
The portion was generous, but the taste was mediocre.
However, Lu Ming was not a picky eater. He only ate to replenish his daily consumption.
After dinner, Lu Ming opened his attribute panel.
Name: Lu Ming.
Strength: 28.5
Physique: 29
Agility: 27.3
Hand-to-hand Combat: Level 8 to Level 9
The peaceful day was coming to an end.
After going up to the second floor and practicing archery for a while, he suddenly heard rumbling footsteps from outside.
The sound insulation in Lu Ming’s house was quite good…
If Lu Ming could hear the footsteps at home, it showed how loud the outside noise was!
He quickly went to the window and opened the observation hole.
At a glance, Lu Ming saw a large number of zombies mixed with sporadic giant zombies walking towards the village like an army…
With just a glance, Lu Ming immediately closed the observation hole and took a deep breath.
“It’s the group of zombies from the village entrance!”
“A zombie outbreak!?”
“No, this is clearly a targeted and organized operation!”
“It looks like something is going to happen tonight…”
He quickly fetched his weapon.
There were so many zombies outside that they could easily overwhelm Lu Ming. From the current perspective, the horde’s target was not Lu Ming, so he didn’t want to actively provoke the zombies.
But a threat was still a threat!
Lu Ming was uneasy.
“Unfortunately, my attributes are still not enough. If my three-dimensional attributes were over 100, no, over 200, I would definitely kill all of you!”
At this moment, Lu Ming thought of Wang Xiong.
He is truly an excellent meat shield…
If he were still here…
After a simple simulation, Lu Ming shook his head. “We still can’t beat them.”
“So, it goes to show that you have to rely on yourself!”


CHAPTER-28
Chapter 28
Night.
At the gathering place of the Zhang family.
To the Zhang family, today was a day worth celebrating.
First, there was a merger with another colony and an addition of an Awakened and 13 ordinary survivors.
Next, the leader of the colony, Zhang Ye, became a Level 2 Awakened.
However, the celebration was only limited to additional meals. After dinner, the entire colony became more guarded than before.
“This is necessary.”
“I’m worried. Worried that tonight, the zombies will do something strange.”
At the gathering place, in Zhang Ye’s room, Zhang Ye stood by the window and looked out.
In the room, Wang Xiong, Li Zitong, Zhang Chengcheng, Zhang Lixin, and Meng Jie were sitting or standing with solemn expressions.
Meng Jie said, “It has been confirmed that Awakened ones are extremely attractive to evolved zombies. The giant zombies will already take the initiative to hunt Level 1 Awakened ones. As for how attractive the Level 2 Awakened ones are to zombies, it’s still unknown at the moment.”
Zhang Ye nodded. “But it definitely won’t be weak.”
After saying that, Zhang Ye hesitated for a moment and said, “Besides, although we haven’t seen it with our own eyes, I’m sure that there are definitely zombies of Level 2 or above in Nanxiang City… If a Level 2 Awakened person like me can attract zombies of this level, I think we’ll be in big trouble.”
Everyone fell silent.
The smart ones among the six, such as Meng Jie, Zhang Ye, and Zhang Chengcheng, had gradually realized the disadvantaged position of humans compared to zombies.
This disadvantage was reflected in the evolutionary path.
Zombies evolved to hunt living people, and awakened ones evolved to hunt zombies.
The two of them seemed to be hunting each other, but when the condition: “If an Awakened wants to advance, he has to swallow 10 Corpse Crystals of the same level” was established, it meant that the upper limit of an Awakened was destined to be lower than an evolved zombie.
Low upper limit, weak strength.
The future prospects were not optimistic…
The night gradually got darker.
However, Zhang Ye and the others were not asleep.
People stayed at their respective defensive posts, looking into the dark night, each lost in their own thoughts.
It remained so until a short, low whistle broke the silence.
In the distance, a faint rumble sounded and it was getting closer!
There was a click.
The headlights inside and outside the stronghold were turned on, illuminating the entire vicinity of the Zhang family’s stronghold.
Hence, the survivor who was on sentry duty screamed in fear.
This was because he could see in the distance, densely packed zombies taking firm and fast steps, pouncing towards the Zhang family’s stronghold like locusts!
“Zombie horde! It’s a zombie horde!!”
The scream rose abruptly, then stopped abruptly.
The people near the sentry tower looked at the sentry tower and saw that the survivor who had just screamed had disappeared into thin air.
The Awakened closest to the sentry tower, Li Zitong, widened his eyes.
Because just now, he saw a blurry shadow pounce into the sentry tower from outside. In the blink of an eye, the shadow and the survivors disappeared.
Everything was like an illusion, but it was definitely not an illusion!
A terrifying thought arose in his heart.
“Evolutionary zombie.”
A higher-level evolved zombie!
The appearance of the higher-level evolutionary living corpse only caused Li Zitong to panic.
This was because Li Zi was the only one who had “witnessed” this matter.
He wanted to inform Zhang Ye, but compared to the evolved zombie, the incoming zombie wave was clearly more intimidating and oppressive.
Before Li Zitong could react further, a series of cracking sounds came from outside the wall.
It was the sound of a zombie stepping on a bunker trap.
A terrifying roar approached at a speed that no one could react to. Just 10 seconds after the watchman disappeared, the door let out a bang.
The first zombie had already slammed onto the big iron gate.
The steel door was fine, but the zombie’s head was shattered.
The comical scene did not make people laugh.
As the second, third, and eventually, tenth zombie charged at the iron door, the iron door began to creak under the weight.
Moreover, zombies did not only charge at the door.
The three-meter-tall wall was also their breakthrough point.
The strength and agility of zombies were stronger than ordinary people to begin with. They were all as agile as professional athletes.
A mere three-meter high wall was just a matter of sprinting and jumping for ordinary zombies.
Countless pale hands instantly reached the edge of the wall.
With a simple pull-up, rows of zombie heads appeared on the high wall.
The fresh human smell inside the wall made the zombies go crazy.
At this moment, without the instructions of higher-level zombies, the ordinary zombies had already jumped off the walls and ran wildly towards the three small buildings in the Zhang family’s stronghold.
“Oh no!”
This was Zhang Ye’s true thoughts at this moment.
He had thought that his stronghold was not impregnable, but safe and reliable.
Unexpectedly, the three-meter wall was insignificant in the eyes of the zombies…
“Run!”
A minute after the zombie wave arrived,
All the survivors in the Zhang family’s stronghold heard Zhang Ye’s angry roar.
In a certain room, Wang Xiong, Zhang Lixin, and Meng Jie looked at each other and were completely numb.
“How is that possible? It’s been only a while, how long has it been?!”
The collapse of the Zhang family’s stronghold completely shattered the psychological defense and inherent knowledge of the survivors!
When Jang Ye made a sound, most of the survivors did not react.
After all, the high walls here were sturdy. There were four Awakened here, and there were abundant supplies.
Previously, the Zhang family’s stronghold had also been attacked by zombies, but every time, it was just a small fight…
Who would believe you if you told me that such a stable stronghold would be gone in a minute? Who would dare to believe you?
Most of the survivors hid in the dormitory. Even when they heard Zhang Ye’s voice, they were unwilling to move.
A small number of survivors patrolling outside knew how bad the situation was.
However…
Run?
There were zombies all around.
Fight?
Without cover, even an Awakened could be dismembered!
When Wang Xiong walked out of the small building with Zhang Lixin and Meng Jie, he saw that the courtyard was completely in chaos!
A large number of zombies attacked any humans in sight. A small number had already run into the building, causing cries of despair within.
The survivors responsible for defense either fought or fled, while Zhang Chengcheng led a small number of people to lean against the wall, barely resisting, but it was only a matter of time before they were devoured.
Looking around, Wang Xiong felt both anger and despair.
The high walls that were supposed to protect everyone had become a prison, trapping the living.
The once sturdy stronghold had turned into a graveyard for everyone.
He thought he had found a way for people to survive.
Unexpectedly, in just one day, heaven had turned into hell!
At this moment, Wang Xiong did not know what to do, nor could he find any way out.
Until footsteps sounded behind him.
Zhang Ye walked out and stood at the forefront, facing the horde of zombies.
“Follow me and fight our way out!”


CHAPTER-29
Chapter 29
Compared to Wang Xiong, Zhang Ye was more mature and calm.
Wang Xiong was thrown into disarray by the sudden upheaval, but after a short panic, Zhang Ye quickly made a decision.
“Follow me and fight our way out!”
A red light bloomed from Zhang Ye’s hand, and a small flame floated out, hitting the densest part of the zombie horde in the courtyard.
“Boom!”
The flames exploded, opening up an escape route for Zhang Chengcheng and several other survivors.
Zhang Ye led Wang Xiong and the other two, and Zhang Chengcheng led a few survivors to meet in the courtyard. In total, there were only eight people.
“Where’s Li Zitong?”
“I have no idea.”
“I saw it. Li Zitong escaped over the wall with two women beforehand.”
When faced with a calamity, everyone scattered and went their separate ways. Li Zitong, who had joined Zhang’s stronghold later on, saw that things were not going well, and ran away in advance. Although it was not honorable to flee, he was not to be blamed.
Zhang Ye thought for a moment and looked around.
The zombies had broken through the three small buildings in the courtyard. The screams inside had gradually subsided—the low buildings were like suffocating cans, trapping the people inside. They were all suffocated to death by the buildings.
Thinking of this, Zhang Ye took a deep breath. “Follow me!”
With that, he rushed towards the backyard with the remaining seven people.
Zhang Ye was a Level 2 Awakened, Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng were both Level 1 Awakened and other than Meng Jie, the remaining five were all young and strong. Otherwise, they would not be at the front line.
The combat power of the eight of them was quite considerable.
With Zhang Ye taking the lead, the eight of them quickly rushed to the foot of the wall in the backyard.
Zhang Ye jumped onto the wall.
There were zombies behind the wall, but not as many as in front.
He jumped down and crushed the head of a zombie.
Zhang Ye punched randomly, but his punches and kicks were extremely powerful. By the time Wang Xiong, Zhang Chengcheng, and the others climbed to the top of the wall, Zhang Ye had already cleared out a large space.
He quickly jumped down the high wall and looked at the familiar streets around him. Zhang Ye hesitated for a moment.
Where should we go next?
If the gathering place was gone, where could they go?
“Go to the village entrance! Run towards the village entrance!”
Zhang Lixin, who was beside Meng Jie, suddenly spoke.
“The zombies that attacked tonight are the zombies at the entrance of the village. I saw my comrades inside! Now that they’re here, it means that there are fewer zombies there.”
“Let’s go there. There are weapons and military vehicles.”
Once they obtained the weapons and military vehicles, everyone would have more capital. At that time, whether they went to the official shelter in the city center or not, there would be more room for negotiation.
Zhang Ye nodded. “Then let’s go!”
The zombies charged from the front.
This meant that there were not many zombies in the back.
However, their destination was the entrance of the village, which was the direction the zombies had come from.
Helpless, Zhang Ye could only lead the group to make a detour.
It was about 9 p.m.
The group finally took a detour and got rid of the zombies.
Everyone relaxed a little.
At this moment, the moonlight was dim and the surrounding street lamps flickered, making visibility poor.
The eight of them walked along the winding paths in the village in the dark, listening attentively to the surroundings.
At some point, a strange sound suddenly came from above.
Zhang Ye looked up and saw a huge corpse descending from the sky,its large feet aiming straight for his head.
However, the strength of a Level 2 Awakened far exceeded that of the giant zombie.
Zhang Ye simply retreated to dodge the giant zombie and shattered its head with a punch.
But this was like a signal.
Just as the huge zombie pounced out, more strong figures appeared around them.
There was heavy breathing, but no typical roar.
This was like a long-planned ambush, and Zhang Ye and the others had already walked into the encirclement of the giant zombies.
The atmosphere instantly became tense.
The giant zombies stood still and looked in the direction of the eight of them. Their pale eyes flickered in the dim streetlights, giving off an eerie glow.
Zhang Ye also sighed helplessly.
He looked straight ahead.
On a certain roof in front of him, a beast-like figure was squatting. It was hidden in the darkness, exuding the aura of a predator.
“Tier 2 zombie…”
Only a Tier 2 zombie could command so many Tier 1 giant zombies.
As soon as he finished speaking, Zhang Ye shook his head. “It’s all my fault. My advancement attracted this Tier 2 zombie…”
Zhang Chengcheng hurriedly said, “Brother, please don’t say that.”
Zhang Ye raised his hand slightly. “Forget it. Let’s not talk about this. Now is not the time to be emotional.”
“According to Dr. Meng’s theory, I’m the target of this Tier 2 zombie. As long as you follow me, you will definitely be chased by it and his horde.”
“I’ll charge forward later and see if I can kill that Tier 2 zombie. Seize the opportunity to break out and run as far as possible.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Zhang Ye did not give everyone any time to be emotional. He roared angrily and charged towards the Tier 2 zombie!
Zhang Chengcheng wanted to chase after him, but Wang Xiong held her back.
She watched as the giant zombies rioted and pounced on Zhang Ye. Soon, Zhang Chengcheng could not see Zhang Ye’s back.
“Let’s go!”
Wang Xiong made a prompt decision and pulled Zhang Chengcheng into the building.
It was even easier for a Level 2 Awakened to beat up a giant zombie than a Level 1 Awakened to beat up a zombie.
Although Zhang Ye did not have much foundation in fighting, he could kill everyone with just his Level 2 Awakened physique and fire-element superpower.
There were many giant zombies around.
But there were only dozens of them.
Most of them were zombies and the high and mighty Tier 2 zombies whose appearance could not be seen clearly.
“Boom!”
His fire-element superpower erupted in full force. Not only did it burn Zhang Ye’s clothes, but it also blasted the nearby zombies far away.
He approached the location of the Tier 2 zombies step by step.
Along the way, zombies were strewn everywhere, and the zombies died in a tragic manner.
However, the closer he got, the more hopeless he felt.
He did not have enough stamina…
The power of the grenade-like flames decreased by more than half.
Physically, the giant zombie’s head became harder and harder.
When he lost his balance, the impact of a zombie could even make him stagger.
This was definitely not an act by Zhang Ye. Zhang Ye, who did not know how to fight, did not know how to conserve his strength.
About five minutes later.
When Zhang Ye was pressed to the ground by a few giant zombies, he saw the Tier 2 zombie jump down from the roof and land steadily on the ground.
Under the dim moonlight, Zhang Ye finally saw the full appearance of this monster.
It was much smaller than the giant corpse and was only about 1.8 meters tall when it stood upright. There was no skin on its body, and what was exposed was its firm, tight, and pink streamlined muscle tissue.
It was still a humanoid, but it was on all fours.
Its hands and feet were slender but firm. Its nails were about half a meter long and flickered with a cold light like steel knives.
The head of this Tier 2 zombie was not big, but its mouth was disproportionately large. A cold light streamed out of its dagger-like teeth, making Zhang Ye’s scalp tingle.
A hunter!
A top-notch hunter that would never evolve in the natural world!
This was Zhang Ye’s first impression of a Tier 2 zombie.
The Tier 2 zombie walked slowly towards Zhang Ye.
Until it came to Zhang Ye’s side and looked down at the prey that had been caught.
Unfortunately, it did not see much panic and fear in Zhang Ye’s eyes.
Zhang Ye spat out a mouthful of thick phlegm and hit the Tier 2 zombie in the face.
“Brother, you look like a skinny old dog.”


CHAPTER-30
Chapter 30
Regarding the matter of escape, Wang Xiong had become quite experienced after going through it once.
Leading the remaining six people, Wang Xiong turned every corner, finding every opportunity to escape through windows and buildings—it highlighted his wealth of experience.
Although Zhang Lixin, Meng Jie, and the others were not Awakened ones, Wang Xiong had put them through a rough time, but it did ensure their safety—this was also closely related to Zhang Ye being the primary target of the hunters.
About 20 minutes later.
Zhang Ye’s heart-wrenching scream came from afar.
This made Wang Xiong tremble, and Zhang Chengcheng collapsed and burst into tears.
It went without saying what happened to Zhang Ye.
However, the tragedy made Wang Xiong even more calm.
“Village entrance, military vehicles, weapons, escape, downtown shelter!”
“And also Brother Lu Ming.”
Several nouns connected at that moment.
“First, let’s go to Brother Lu Ming’s house and take him with us! There are now Tier 2 zombies appearing in Good Hope Village. We can’t stay here anymore.”
Wang Xiong said as they fled.
This suggestion was unanimously agreed by the others.
The distance from Good Hope Village to the downtown shelter was 13 kilometers. Even if they had a military vehicle, it would be challenging for them to safely reach their destination with the zombies all over the road.
Lu Ming was an Awakened. Taking Lu Ming with him would definitely add another layer of insurance to their escape journey.
Furthermore, since even Zhang Ye had died, leaving Lu Ming here alone would be like leaving him to die.
Taking you with us is to save your life; it’s for your own good.
There was nothing wrong with that!
However, the actual situation once again astonished Wang Xiong and left him perplexed.
“I’m not going.”
Hearing the icy rejection from behind the door, Wang Xiong’s eyes slowly widened.
“Brother, that’s a Tier 2 zombie! Tier 2!”
“I know. You just mentioned it.”
“Then why did you—”
Before Wang Xiong could finish speaking, Lu Ming, who was inside,already sneered.
“There are already Tier 2 zombies appearing in such a small place like Good Hope Village. Wouldn’t there be even more high-level zombies outside?”
When I’m inside my house, I might be able to deal with the zombies, but once I get out, without cover, how can I fight the zombies?!
There was nothing wrong with what he said.
The road ahead was unknown, and anything could happen along the way.
No one had the ability to foresee the future, which also meant that anyone could make a clown of oneself.
Wang Xiong was not good at convincing people with reason.
Seeing that Lu Ming was stubborn, Wang Xiong became anxious.
Behind him, Zhang Lixin suddenly pulled Wang Xiong’s lapel.
This made Wang Xiong turn around.
He saw his six companions behind him stiffening their bodies, staring into the distance.
His gaze followed their line of sight.
He saw a four-legged, eerie zombie resembling a hunting dog slowly approaching from the end of the distant street.
And in its mouth, only the half-body of Zhang Ye was left, dripping with blood. His body was in tatters. His head was still intact, and his gray eyes stared straight at Wang Xiong, as if he had died with remaining grievances.
The atmosphere became tense.
The hunter placed Zhang Ye’s tattered body on the ground.
It crouched down, just like a real hunting dog, tilting its head to look at Wang Xiong and the others.
Strangely, the corners of its mouth curled up slightly.
It was as if it was mocking them.
The intelligence of the giant zombie was actually not low.
And the current situation seemed to confirm one thing—as the level of the zombies increased, their intelligence kept rising.
At least Wang Xiong could see the strange mockery and deeply hidden ferocity in the hunter’s eyes.
“It’s targeting us…”
Meng Jie muttered in despair.
That, too, was obvious.
To hunters, a Level 2 Awakened, Zhang Ye, was a great supplementary meal. However, Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng, these two Level 1 Awakened, were clearly not inedible and unpalatable.
Just now, after dealing with Zhāng Yě and briefly feeding, the hunter dispersed the zombies and chased after them alone, following the trail left by Wang Xiong and the others.
It was like a real hound.
Greedy and persistent.
The entire street became oppressive because of the appearance of the hunter.
But the hunter made no further move.
It just scanned the seven people in the distance, or rather, it could sense that there was another ordinary person inside the house.
Therefore, there were eight prey.
After locking onto the target and remembering the scent, the hunter lowered its head, tore off one of Zhang Ye’s arms, and began to chew it voraciously.
“Let him go!”
Zhang Chengcheng screamed. She could not bear to see her brother suffer such treatment after his death. Fortunately, Wang Xiong quickly grabbed Zhang Chengcheng.
“Don’t act impulsively…”
After saying this in a low voice, Wang Xiong saw Zhang Chengcheng turn around in despair and look at him.
“What good does not acting impulsively do?”
Acting impulsively led to death, and not acting impulsively also led to death.
The moment the hunter appeared, the fate of everyone was already sealed.
Wang Xiong was speechless.
He did not know how to respond to Zhang Chengcheng’s question.
However, he suddenly heard a faint creaking sound from the window above.
Looking up, he saw that the window on the second floor had been opened. Lu Ming stood behind the window, calmly gazing at the hunter.
Wang Xiong couldn’t help but sigh.
“Brother, It’s my fault. I have caused you harm.”
He genuinely felt sorry for Lu Ming.
During the previous giant zombie chase, it was Lu Ming who had saved them.
And now, he had led a Tier 2 zombie to Lu Ming’s house.
Presumably, this time, there would not be a repeat of the previous situation.
Sadness came from the bottom of his heart. Wang Xiong couldn’t help but say, “I owe you a debt in this life, brother, I’ll definitely repay it in my next life!”
Then he saw Lu Ming give him a cold glance and raised his slingshot.
Lu Ming felt that Wang Xiong had some problems in his head.
Previously, he had advised him to move out.
Just now, he persuaded him to go to the city center with them..
And now, he was acting all melodramatic here, making it seem like a romance drama—Lu Ming hated this the most.
The key point was that this guy’s decisions never ended well. He was busy all day long, but always ended up with nothing to show for it.
This person was very strange. He had a talent for self-destruction…
After giving Wang Xiong a glance, Lu Ming no longer paid attention to him and focused on the distant zombie.
A Tier 2 zombie.
A hunter!
It did not look like someone to be trifled with.
But to be honest, the oppression from the hunter was not that strong.
At least, it was not as oppressive as when he first saw the giant zombie.
“Maybe it’s because of its physique… Although it looks strong, it’s still a bit skinny. Its strength shouldn’t be too strong, and its defense probably wasn’t that high either.”
However, it’s still a man-eating monster! It poses a threat to me!
If there was a threat, he had to eliminate it.
If he could not get rid of it, Lu Ming was prepared to retreat into the basement.
He leveled his arm and pulled back the slingshot.
The bowstring made a creaking sound.
Although the hunter did not impose a strong sense of oppression, it was still a Tier 2 zombie after all.
Lu Ming was determined to go all out.
The bowstring expanded further and further.
Lu Ming exerted force crazily!
Just a loud thud.
Lu Ming snapped the slingshot.


CHAPTER-31
Chapter 31
The street was quiet.
The sound of the slingshot bowstring breaking was exceptionally ear-piercing.
Lu Ming looked down in confusion at the broken slingshot in his hand. After a moment, he slapped his head in frustration.
“I used too much force.”
No matter how powerful a slingshot was, it was designed for ordinary people.
Currently, Lu Ming’s three-dimensional strength was nearly six times that of an average person. With such force applied to the slingshot, it did not seem surprising that he could snap it.
“The plan has failed! Prepare to retreat to the basement!”
Lu Ming was going to run away.
However, when he glanced at the window one last time, he noticed that the hunter across the street had not moved at all.
It was simply engrossed in eating Zhang Ye and didn’t even glance at Lu Ming…
That’s true…
Although hunters had intelligence, this intelligence was mostly reflected in hunting.
In some ways, a zombie could not compare to a living person.
For example, in terms of determining who was strong or weak.
Because of the Mystery Factor, high-tier zombies could easily determine the level of an Awakened. In their understanding, only high-level Awakened posed a threat, while ordinary people were not a threat.
And Lu Ming was not an Awakened.
He was just an “ordinary” survivor.
The zombie’s attitude made Lu Ming change his mind.
Putting the slingshot aside, Lu Ming pulled out the bow and arrow.
Bending the bow, he fitted an arrow.
Taking aim at the hunter.
The hunter still paid no attention to Lu Ming.
There was a click.
The aluminum alloy bow was again broken by Lu Ming’s pull…
Lu Ming: “???”
Wang Xiong: “…”
Zhang Chengcheng: “…”
Others: “…”
The hunter: “Slurp smack.”
“Ah.”
The survivors in front of Lu Ming’s house witnessed everything.
When Lu Ming snapped the slingshot, they did not say anything, but disappointment was evident in their eyes.t
When Lu Ming broke the bow, they could not hold back their sigh…
Wang Xiong thought for a moment and could not help but say, “Brother, what are you doing?”
Lu Ming’s calm voice came from above.
“I didn’t expect my weapons to be so weak.”
“They no longer suit.”
Wang Xiong: “Brother, given your current condition, we…”
“Boom!”
An deafening explosion sounded.
In the distance, where the hunter was at the end of the street, shattered reinforced concrete flew wildly. Amidst the smoke and dust, the hunter’s ear-piercing wails blasted loudly.
The sudden voice stunned the seven survivors below.
They looked up in confusion at the window.
Lu Ming, who was by the window, grabbed a dumbbell and violently twisted off the weight plate.
“This is quite useful.”
The 2.5 kg weight plate, together with part of the dumbbell bar, were twisted off.
The break in the steel was jagged, a silent depiction of the violence it had endured.
After shaking the weight plate, Lu Ming turned around and pulled his arm!
At this moment, Lu Ming was like a slingshot, and the weight plate of the dumbbell was the bullet on the slingshot!
“Boom!”
The sonic boom shook the entire window, making creaking noises.
The second weight plate flew straight at the hunter at a speed invisible to the naked eye.
This hit was a bit off.
Unlike the first hit which directly smashed the hunter’s lower body.
The second hit struck a nearby shop, immediately causing the entire building to shake violently, as if a gas cylinder had exploded.
“Roar~ Howl!?!”
The hunter was bewildered.
The hunter indeed did not react to Lu Ming’s first attack.
Actually, just by looking at the physique of the hunter, you could tell that it was agile, with quick reflexes and speed.
If it faced Lu Ming’s throw head-on, it wouldn’t necessarily get hit — maybe a fifty-fifty chance.
Unfortunately, it didn’t take the “ordinary person” Lu Ming seriously at all.
One could say it was arrogant and careless, falling victim to an unsportsmanlike sneak attack.
But who could he blame?
With the first dumbbell, Lu Ming got lucky and the hunter got unlucky. It hit the hunter’s waist with one strike.
The terrifying energy instantly severed the hunter’s torso.
This caused the hunter to emit a piercing roar.
It was in pain, it was furious.
Until the second strike fell on a nearby building.
The powerful destructive force immediately silenced the hunter.
It finally realized that it had encountered a formidable opponent.
There was no thought of launching a counterattack.
Without its legs,the hunter could not catch its prey.
At this moment, the hunter just wanted to escape.
But where could a legless hunter run to?
And Lu Ming couldn’t possibly leave such a great threat unchecked!
“Boom!”
The third dumbbell weight plate hit two meters in front of the hunter. The splattering steel and concrete debris pierced the hunter’s eyeballs, also making it hesitate to move.
Then came the fourth strike.
The fifth strike.
The sixth strike.
At this moment, Lu Ming was like a cannon.
The dumbbell plates flying out of the window were like cannonballs.
Throughout the Good Hope Village, a series of “boom” sounds echoed, the volume and resonance slightly inferior to the artillery shells of the army half a month ago.
The loud noise naturally attracted the attention of the zombies.
Lu Ming did not care about that anymore.
He just mechanically threw dumbbell plates at the hunter.
He even gained a bit of unexpected progress.
Throw Lv. 1 (0/100): You have mastered the basics of throwing. All attributes +0.1.
This made Lu Ming even more reluctant to stop.
He continued throwing until his throwing skill proficiency reached Lv1 (53/100) and stopped rising. Lu Ming then crushed another dumbbell and scattered it around before ceasing to throw anymore.
As the dust cleared at the end of the street,
the pockmarked road became an unsightly mess.
In the center of the road, a lump of minced meat, enough to fill dumplings, appeared before Lu Ming’s eyes, making him nod in satisfaction.
“Not bad, it’s done.”
“This thing isn’t as strong as I imagined.”
“Crack.”
Lu Ming closed the window and prepared to rest.
Wang Xiong and the others were also dumbfounded.
They had been in a daze since just now.
After hearing Lu Ming close the window, Wang Xiong and the others finally snapped out of it.
They gasped.
They looked at each other, then turned to look at the smashed hunter not far away.
Zhang Lixin muttered, “That’s it? It’s over just like that?”
Wang Xiong muttered, “Yeah, is it over already?”
Meng Jie thought for a moment and said, “I’m very curious about what level of Awakened Lu Ming is.”
Zhang Chengcheng had the quickest reaction. She quickly rushed out and searched the ground for Zhang Ye’s corpse.
Fortunately, Zhāng Yě’s body did not suffer much damage. When the hunter fled, it did not care about food at all…
She gently lifted her brother’s body.
Zhang Chengcheng took a deep breath and closed Zhang Ye’s wide-open eyes.
She turned to look at Lu Ming’s building.
A hint of strangeness flashed across Zhang Chengcheng’s eyes.
She could not forget the earth-shattering bombardment just now!
For the Hunter, it was like the toll of a death knell.
However, to Zhang Chengcheng, it seemed like a god’s punishment upon a demon!
“The Hammer of Thor.”
The words “The Hammer of Thor” inexplicably appeared in her heart.
The more she thought about it, the more Zhang Chengcheng felt that the technique Lu Ming had just used should have such a majestic name.
And a majestic technique would undoubtedly correspond to a peerless unparalleled person.
“Lu Ming.”
“His name is Lu Ming.”


CHAPTER-32
Chapter 32
Lu Ming was in a good mood after dealing with the hunter.
This meant that he did not have to curl up in the basement and sunbathe through the window every day. Not bad, not bad.
In a good mood, Lu Ming finished counting the supplies and changed into his pajamas. He was about to have a good sleep when the doorbell rang again.
He came to the electronic screen and saw Wang Xiong’s big face.
“Brother, the zombies are here! We made too much noise just now!”
Lu Ming tensed.
Zombies!
Danger!
Even though he had already killed a Tier 2 hunter, Lu Ming still did not dare to underestimate any zombie.
This was because every ordinary zombie had unlimited possibilities of evolution.
Now that he had a Tier 2 zombie, Lu Ming did not even dare to imagine what monsters would appear in the future!
“Got it. Wait for me.”
“It’s not a brother. I want you to run with us.”
“I’m not running. If you want to run, run on your own!”
With that, Lu Ming turned off the electronic screen and went to the second floor.
Lu Ming had just broken a slingshot and a bow.
He still had his slingshots in reserve, but his bow and arrow were gone.
But it didn’t matter.
He opened the window in his pajamas and a cold wind blew in.
He looked around the street in the moonlight.
The zombies had already rushed over in the direction of the sound.
He looked down at his door and realized that Wang Xiong and the others had already set up a defensive line at his door.
There were trash cans and sandbags piled up everywhere. Wang Xiong and a pretty woman were at the front, holding axes and machetes, preparing to fight the zombies in close combat.
Wang Xiong heard the window open and looked up at Lu Ming.
“Brother, open the door and let us in.”
Lu Ming frowned.
What kind of dream are you having?
“Aren’t you leaving?”
Wang Xiong said helplessly, “All the zombies around are here. There’s nowhere to run. Brother, open the door and let us in to hide.”
Why do you want to enter my house?
Are you dreaming? Do you think you can enter this place?
However, before Lu Ming could curse, the pretty woman beside Wang Xiong said, “Mr. Lu Ming, don’t worry about us. Just do it. We can protect ourselves.”
With that, Zhang Chengcheng glared at Wang Xiong and added, “Mr. Lu, go and open the door. You’re going to deal with the zombies? Do you have the ability? The distance from the second floor to the first floor is enough for Brother Lu to kill dozens of zombies. It’s too time-consuming for us to open the door!”
“Besides, with Mr. Lu around, what are you afraid of? I’m a woman. If I’m not afraid of you, what are you afraid of?!”
Wang Xiong: “???”
Before Wang Xiong could think further, Lu Ming, who was on the second floor, had already attacked.
Slingshot Lv10 (0/1000).
The Level 10 slingshot not only provided Lu Ming with an additional 5.5 agility points, but it also increased his mastery of the slingshot.
Moreover, Lu Ming had already tested the maximum load of the slingshot. If he shot again now, there would be no problem pulling the slingshot.
“Pa!”
“Pa!”
There were many zombies coming from all directions.
The situation was critical! Lu Ming had to speed up his shooting.
Three shots a second was not difficult for the current Lu Ming.
There was a series of crackling sounds.
Any living corpse that came within 30 meters of the building was shot down by Lu Ming with a flick of his bow.
Even the giant corpse could not withstand Lu Ming’s shot.
The battle with the hunter had indeed attracted a zombie wave.
However, the terrain in Good Hope Village was quite complicated, and the transmission of sound would be blocked. There were actually not many zombie waves—just a few hundred.
With three shots a second, even if he made an occasional mistake and missed the target, Lu Ming would be able to finish the battle in five minutes.
Outside the window, corpses lay everywhere and the stench rose to the sky.
Lu Ming moved his stiff wrist slightly and opened the attribute panel. He realized that his slingshot had increased to Lv11 (386/1100).
Agility increased by 1.1 points to 28.5 points.
To increase his proficiency, he still had to rely on zombies.
He prepared to close the window.
But in front of the closed window, Lu Ming thought for a moment and said to the stunned crowd below, “Good night.”
Lu Ming was not rude.
Everything was over.
Tonight was a little exciting for Wang Xiong and the others.
When the zombie wave attacked, the Zhang family’s stronghold was destroyed.
He was about to escape with Lu Ming, but he did not expect Lu Ming to kill the hunter and hundreds of zombies.
In fact, Zhang Chengcheng was right.
Although Lu Ming did not open the door, they did not engage in a close combat with the zombies. They only saw the zombies being harvested like wheat.
He couldn’t even get close.
“Is he even human?!”
A survivor named Yang Guan muttered.
Lu Ming’s strength had really refreshed his worldview.
Wang Xiong and the others did not know what to say.
Wang Xiong said in a muffled voice.
“Let’s go to the village entrance, get the military vehicles and weapons, and then head downtown…”
“Don’t go downtown.” Wang Xiong was interrupted by Zhang Chengcheng.
Looking away from the window on the second floor, Zhang Chengcheng’s gaze was bright and pure. “If you want to go to the city center, go ahead. I’m not going with you.”
“I think it’s safer here, with Mr. Lu, than in any shelter.”
Looking at Zhang Chengcheng’s serious expression, Wang Xiong and the others were stunned.
Zhang Chengcheng continued, “By the way, I remember that your former shelter was here, right?”
Wang Xiong nodded in confusion. Zhang Chengcheng asked again, “Which house is cleaner?”
Wang Xiong pointed to a house that had been cleaned and saw Zhang Chengcheng leave.
Seeing this, the other three survivors from the Zhang family’s stronghold followed without hesitation.
Only Wang Xiong, Zhang Lixin, and Meng Jie remained, disheveled in the wind.
Wang Xiong: “Didn’t we agree? Why aren’t you leaving?”
Meng Jie thought for a moment and said, “It was necessary to escape from Good Hope Village previously, but Lu Ming’s strength is indeed unexpected.”
“I think what Zhang Chengcheng said makes sense.”
“There are only the three of us left now. Even if there are military vehicles and weapons, our journey might not be safe. Why don’t we…”
At this point, Meng Jie had already understood how terrifying a zombie was.
It was destined to be extremely difficult for Wang Xiong, Zhang Lixin, and the three of them to go to the official shelter in the city center.
There was no need to encounter any zombie tide.
Even if another hunter appeared, military vehicles and machine guns would have been useless.
Meng Jie simply changed her mind.
“Don’t leave.”
Turning to glance at Lu Ming’s house, Meng Jie had another thought.
“And I’m very curious how Mr. Lu became so strong. Currently, he is much stronger than a Level 2 Awakened, but I’ve never seen him collect corpse crystals…”
This topic was new and extremely worth researching.
Meng Jie had a premonition.
The value of this matter was much more important than going to the official shelter!


CHAPTER-33
Chapter 33
“Day 19 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Thursday, Rest Day.”
Even on days off, Lu Ming would max out his attributes. After all, strength was accumulated bit by bit, and he could not relax every day.
After the morning workout, Lu Ming opened his personal attributes panel.
Name: Lu Ming.
Age: 25 years old.
Strength: 28.6 (29.5) ↑.
Physique: 29.1 (30) ↑.
Agility: 28.5 (29.4) ↑.
Fitness Lv4 (250/400).
Lu Ming felt that he was becoming stronger and stronger.
This was a good thing, but there were two sides to everything.
With a stronger body came a larger appetite. Lu Ming’s food intake had already increased fivefold compared to before the apocalypse.
As a result, the three years’ worth of supplies he had prepared before the apocalypse seemed insufficient.
“I had prepared three years’ worth of food and drink before the apocalypse. But considering my current appetite, it would only last less than a year. Supplies are becoming an issue…”
But that was not an immediate problem.
Another issue was that as Lu Ming’s physical fitness improved, the training equipment at home could not keep up with his pace.
Today, in his quest for heavier weights, Lu Ming ended up breaking the first barbell. Although there were still plenty in reserve, Lu Ming felt that as his physical fitness continued to increase, the pre-apocalypse fitness equipment would become less and less useful until one day it would become completely ineffective.
Once the equipment became ineffective, Lu Ming would be unable to gain attributes through exercise. This was undoubtedly a major issue for him.
While fretting, Lu Ming walked to the window on the second floor and looked outside through the observation hole.
It was about 10 o’clock in the morning.
The survivors from last night had already woken up and started cleaning up the streets.
They moved the zombies’ corpses away one by one. Lu Ming also saw Wang Xiong staring at the skull of the giant zombie, seemingly searching for something.
He couldn’t help but open the window and shout at Wang Xiong, “Hey!”
Hearing the voice, the survivors working on the street looked at Lu Ming in unison and smiled from the bottom of their hearts.
“Good morning, Brother Lu!”
“Good morning, Brother Lu!”
“Brother Lu!”
Lu Ming ignored them and shouted at Wang Xiong again, “Aren’t you guys leaving? When are you leaving?”
Wang Xiong chuckled and said, “No, we are not leaving. We’ll stay here from now on, never leaving again.”
Lu Ming frowned.
But it wasn’t something he could meddle in.
He was about to close the window when he caught sight of Zhang Lixin from the corner of his eye. Lu Ming suddenly remembered something Wang Xiong had mentioned previously.
“That soldier.”
Hearing the sound, Zhang Lixin wiped his sweat and walked to the place under Lu Ming’s window.
“What’s the matter, Brother Lu?”
He even made Lu Ming feel embarrassed by calling him Brother Lu.
“Don’t call me Brother Lu. Just call me Lu Ming.”
“Okay, Brother Lu.”
Lu Ming: “???”
“Soldier Bro.”
“Zhang Lixin, just call me Zhang Lixin, Bro Lu.”
“Alright, Zhang Lixin. I remember Wang Xiong telling me that you found a lathe that can do some simple processing, right?”
Zhang Lixin was slightly stunned. He thought for a moment and nodded. “Yes.”
Lu Ming revealed an embarrassed smile. “Um, my bow and arrow broke. Zhang Lixin, can you make a bow and arrow?”
This was not a big problem.
Soldiers were skilled with their hands, and Zhang Lixin was particularly outstanding among them. His craftsmanship was among the best in the army.
Zhang Lixin was about to nod in agreement.
But he hesitated for a moment, recalling Lu Ming’s explosive destructive power from the previous night.
What kind of materials for a bow and arrow could withstand the strength of this guy?
However, rejecting him wasn’t a good idea either.
After some thought, Zhang Lixin could only brace himself to say, “I’ll give it a try.”
That meant there was no problem!
After all, soldiers don’t lie to us commoners.
Lu Ming’s thoughts were so direct and simple.
He continued, “By the way, Brother Zhang.”
“Brother Lu, don’t call me Brother Zhang. I can’t bear it.”
“Alright, Zhang Lixin. Since you can make bows and arrows, then making a slingshot shouldn’t be a problem, right?”
Zhang Lixin hesitated and said, “Um…”
“I’ll do my best.”
“By the way, Zhang Lixin, I might still need some fitness equipment. The original barbell is not very sturdy. Can you help me with that?”
Zhang Lixin’s body trembled a bit.
He asked tentatively, “It’s the barbell, right? What’s the maximum load it should bear?”
Lu Ming scratched his head and gave a number. “Let’s say around ten tons for now…”
An iron bar with 10 tons of weight on both ends, that’s five tons on one side.
‘Are you kidding me…’
Zhang Lixin did not know if he should take on this task.
Before he could say anything, Lu Ming, feeling somewhat embarrassed, spoke up, “Of course, it’s not fair to ask for your help without reason. I feel a bit guilty about it. Take a look, what can I give you in return? Canned food, perhaps?”
When asking someone for help, you must give them something in return.
You can’t just ask someone to do things for you for no reason. That would be unfair.
Lu Ming would not allow himself to be taken advantage of, but he would not take advantage of others either. If Zhang Lixin helped him make equipment, Lu Ming would definitely have to give something in return.
He was about to ask if a box of canned food was enough, but Zhang Lixin waved his hand repeatedly.
“No need for anything. I don’t need anything!”
Why would he want any benefits for helping Lu Ming?
With Lu Ming around, this place would be safe.
Satisfying Lu Ming’s needs meant saving everyone’s lives!
Zhang Lixin understood this reasoning.
Lu Ming could see the determination in Zhang Lixin’s eyes. He thought for a moment and smiled warmly at him.
“Thank you.”
Watching Zhang Lixin walk away, Lu Ming looked at the gradually cleaner street.
He sighed sincerely.
“They’re all very nice people…”
Helping to clean the streets.
Helping to make things for him without asking for anything in return. He didn’t even ask for canned food.
Lu Ming felt a little embarrassed about it.
Zhang Lixin numbly carried the zombies’ corpses.
By lunchtime, he was still in a daze.
Lunch was chips and bread. After finishing his meal, Zhang Lixin finally had an idea.
He found Meng Jie in another house, studying the remains of the hunter. Zhang Lixin told her about the morning’s events.
After listening, Meng Jie said, “So, you need materials of extremely high strength to meet Lu Ming’s requirements, right?”
“That’s right.”
Zhang Lixin could make weapons, but he was not an expert in materials.
Seeing Zhang Lixin’s embarrassed expression, Meng Jie chuckled. “So, what makes you think that a biological expert can produce the high-strength materials you mentioned?”
Zhang Lixin opened his mouth, but he could not say a word.
After a moment, he smiled bitterly and said, “I was desperate, Sister Meng.”
“At that time, when Lu Ming made his request, I couldn’t think straight and agreed.”
With that, he let out a long sigh. “I’m really in a difficult situation.”
“But it doesn’t mean there’s no solution at all.”
Meng Jie’s words made Zhang Lixin’s eyes light up again. He hurriedly asked, “What’s the solution?”
Meng Jie pointed at the remains of the hunters on the experiment table.
“They are the solution.”


CHAPTER-34
Chapter 34
The pace of life was sometimes fast and sometimes slow.
Wang Xiong was deeply moved by this.
When it was fast, like yesterday, the pace was unbelievably fast—moving from here to Zhang family stronghold, Zhang Ye’s promotion to a Level 2 Awakened, the night attack by the horde of zombies and the destruction of Zhang family stronghold, and then back here, witnessing Lu Ming dealing with the hunters and the horde of zombies.
It was hard to imagine that Wang Xiong had moved houses twice in just a day.
But as they say, after the bitter comes the sweet.
After yesterday’s fast pace, the days suddenly became calm.
He got up in the morning and led the survivors to clean up the streets. Since he had decided not to leave, this place would be everyone’s new home from now on. It was necessary to keep their own homes clean, and it was unacceptable to have corpses scattered all over the doorstep.
There was actually a lot of work to be done.
Cleaning up the corpses was only one part of it… He still had to reinforce the house, set up a cordon, and gather more survivors to increase the number of people in the stronghold. In short, there were many scattered tasks, each one time-consuming, that needed to be done.
However, Wang Xiong enjoyed it to some extent.
After all, when you set up your own home, there’s always a sense of achievement, no matter how hard it was.
After lunch, Zhang Lixin took a leave of absence, saying he wanted to help Lu Ming with the new weapons. Wang Xiong naturally had no objections.
With the remaining three male survivors and Zhang Chengcheng, Wang Xiong’s afternoon task was to move the corpses.
He also collected corpse crystals.
After working for a while, Zhang Chengcheng suddenly said, “How many corpse crystals have you collected?”
Wang Xiong replied, “15 first level ones and one for the second level.”
Although the corpse crystals melted instantly when consumed, they were quite sturdy under normal circumstances. At least, even after smashing the corpses of the hunters,there were no visible cracks on the corpse crystals.
“Give Brother Lu the Tier 2 corpse crystals.” Zhang Chengcheng insisted on the distribution of the Tier 2 corpse crystals. Wang Xiong had no objections.
“As for the Level 1 corpse crystal, which one of us will use it?”
She looked at Wang Xiong with a burning gaze, but Zhang Chengcheng realized that Wang Xiong looked troubled.
Soon, Wang Xiong said bitterly, “It seems easy for an Awakened to advance, but after advancing, it will definitely attract a zombie wave. I’m worried…”
They seemed to have been traumatized by the outcome of Zhang Ye and the Zhang family’s stronghold.
Zhang Chengcheng could not help but roll her eyes.
At first, he thought that Wang Xiong was very reliable, but compared to Brother Lu, the difference was obvious.
“Brother Lu, what are you afraid of? If you don’t advance, give me the corpse crystal.”
Wang Xiong: “…”
“Forget it. I’ll do it.”
Not only was he suppressed by Lu Ming, but he was also suppressed by a woman. Where was Wang Xiong’s dignity as a man?
At the side, Yang Guan smiled as he worked. “Don’t fight or snatch. I think the two of you can advance to the next level. Previously, Brother Zhang…”
Yang Guan stopped talking halfway.
But the meaning was clear.
There must be Level 1 corpse crystals at the place where Zhang Ye died.
At the mention of Zhang Ye, Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng’s expressions darkened.
Soon, Wang Xiong sighed and said, “Tomorrow, I have to go back and take a look tomorrow.”
“Not only for Brother Zhang, but we also have to return to the Zhang family’s stronghold to see if there are any survivors.”
The probability was obviously very low, but he had to go.
Another survivor, Qin Lie, said, “There’s food at the Zhang family’s stronghold. We don’t have food here. For food, we have to go back.”
Food was always a major problem.
Zombies did not eat food but only humans.
Therefore, there must be leftover food in the Zhang family’s stronghold.
Wang Xiong nodded and said, “It’s settled then. I’ll go back and take a look tomorrow. I’ll clean the streets today and make a simple cordon.”
In the afternoon, Lu Ming refreshed his skill: Proficiency in Throwing.
But the results were not good.
He could not practice this skill at home because there wasn’t enough space. Opening the window to farm the proficiency would cause too much commotion and damage public facilities, so Lu Ming was unwilling to do it.
The only option was to change it to unarmed combat.
Hand-to-hand Combat Lv3 (64/300).
One punching bag after another burst under the hammering, but their skill proficiency increased extremely slowly.
About an hour later, Lu Ming, with his arms akimbo, looked at the scattered sandbags on the ground, and shook his head in frustration.
The troublesome thing was that as his physical fitness improved, not only could the training equipment not keep up, but even farming skills became difficult.
The increase in skill proficiency in punching sandbags was minimal. Moreover, if he used a little strength, the sandbags bags would be damaged on the spot. The training time was not as long as replacing the sandbags.
Besides, Lu Ming did not prepare too many punching bags.
He opened the attribute panel.
He had 50 proficiency points for a day of fitness. He had reached the maximum for the day.
Slingshot Lv. 11. No proficiency in target shooting.
Crossbow Shooting Lv. 2, Cold Weapon Lv. 10, and Hand-to-Hand Combat Lv. 9 were similar.
Throw Lv1 could not be farmed at home. The only thing he could farm was Archery Lv7 (168/700).
But Lu Ming ran out of bows and arrows…
“So when will Bing be able to handle the weapons?”
He made a request in the morning and wanted the results in the afternoon.
A bast*rd wouldn’t even do that…
He was wondering if he should hurry her when the doorbell suddenly rang.
He went downstairs and turned on the electronic screen. He saw Zhang Chengcheng’s beautiful face.
“Brother Lu.”
Outside the door, Zhang Chengcheng smiled charmingly, her face shy.
“I’m here to deliver something to Brother Lu.”
Lu Ming’s face lit up. Could the weapon have arrived?
However, when he saw the gray crystal, his head was filled with questions.
“What is this?”
“Level 2 Corpse Crystal, Brother Lu? You should have seen it before, right?”
Otherwise, how could you have your current strength? Zhang Chengcheng thought.
Lu Ming: “???”
“I don’t need it.”
Just looking at it, you could tell it was not something good, and Lu Ming did not have a hobby of collecting things.
Zhang Chengcheng was stunned for a moment before she immediately nodded in understanding.
Yes.
Brother Lu’s strength was clearly stronger than a Level 2 Awakened.
He was most likely a level-three Awakened.
Why would a level-three Awakened need level-two corpse crystals?
Putting away the corpse crystals, Zhang Chengcheng continued, “And Brother Lu, this morning, we…”
In a crisp voice, she described everything that had happened in the neighborhood today.
She heard from Wang Xiong that Lu Ming was unwilling to go out, and Wang Xiong used to be in charge of sending Lu Ming a message from the outside world—commonly known as the “human friend circle”.
Hearing this, Zhang Chengcheng volunteered to accept the mission.
After all, there was nothing more important than letting Brother Lu understand the outside world. And the important things had to be handled by him.
“Wang Xiong and I will prepare to go to the original gathering place to take a look tomorrow…”
Zhang Chengcheng was actually not a chatty person.
However, when she thought of the man standing opposite the door who could wield Thor’s Hammer, her desire to talk rose to an unprecedented level.
“We—”
“Wait, you’re going out tomorrow?”
Zhang Chengcheng nodded like a chick pecking at rice. “Yes.”
“Yes, if you encounter a zombie, you can lure it back. I’ll deal with it.”
Lu Ming had no choice.
Since killing a target did not increase proficiency, he could only kill zombies.
It was too dangerous to go out and kill zombies. Lu Ming would not take the initiative to take the risk. If those people outside could lure some zombies back, he would shoot them from the windowsill. This was also an acceptable method.
His strength could not stop increasing.
This was Lu Ming’s asset!
However, Zhang Chengcheng’s heart warmed.
Is he afraid that I’ll be in danger?
Is he concerned about me?
Yes, he must be concerned about me.
Redness rose to her cheeks, and Zhang Chengcheng began to stutter.
After barely saying a few more words, Zhang Chengcheng said goodbye like a frightened deer and heard another voice from inside the door.
“If you encounter danger, lure it back! Don’t forget.”
Zhang Chengcheng felt her entire body go weak…


CHAPTER-35
Chapter 35
“Day 13 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Friday, Chest Exercise Day.”
Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng set off early in the morning for the Zhang family’s gathering place.
Before she left, Zhang Chengcheng looked back at Lu Ming’s house and saw the window on Lu Ming’s second floor with the small hole opened. She could vaguely see Lu Ming’s shining eyes.
She nodded at the observation hole.
Then the window opened completely, and Lu Ming, who was standing at the window, nodded at Zhang Chengcheng.
“Don’t forget!”
Zhang Chengcheng was almost mesmerized.
Wang Xiong was confused.
“What’s the situation?”
Zhang Chengcheng thought for a moment and said mysteriously, “This is an agreement between a man and a woman. You don’t understand.”
Wang Xiong: “???”
So I’m neither a man nor a woman?
What the hell is going on!
He watched Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng walk away.
Then he looked down at the street. Yang Guan, Qin Lie, and Wei Jiming, the three survivors, were cleaning the street.
He pricked up his ears to listen for sounds. When he did not hear the roar of the zombies, Lu Ming closed the window and began to eat breakfast.
He had made his own buns for breakfast. They were filled with canned meat and tasted pretty good.
After eating 15 fist-sized buns in one go, Lu Ming felt a little satisfied.
He went up the stairs to read and watch videos.
After half an hour of rest, Lu Ming began the day’s training.
Around eleven o’clock, the exercise ended and three barbells broke.
With his hands on his hips, Lu Ming looked at the twisted equipment and comforted himself. “It’s fine. Bro Soldier has already started making new ones for me.”
He opened the attribute panel.
Name: Lu Ming.
Age: 25 years old.
Strength: 29.5 (30.4) ↑.
Physique: 30 (30.9) ↑.
Agility: 29.4 (30.3) ↑.
Fitness Lv4 (300/400).
No matter how tired he was, when Lu Ming saw his attributes increase, he felt that his efforts were worth it.
After drinking a cup of protein powder drink, he went to the window and began to peep.
The three survivors were still working. From the smiles on their faces, Lu Ming could tell that they also felt that their work was worth it.
Coincidentally, Zhang Lixin walked out of the house and was spotted by Lu Ming.
When he saw what Zhang Lixin was holding, Lu Ming heaved a sigh of relief.
“Bro Soldier is reliable.”
“I’ve made the weapon for you, take a look and see how it is.”
Zhang Lixin stood under Lu Ming’s house, his eyes filled with weariness.
He had worked on these two things for a day and a night.
The two things Zhang Lixin made were naturally a bow and a slingshot.
“Throw them up to me,” said Lu Ming as he opened the window on the second floor.
Zhang Lixin immediately threw the bow and slingshot up, and Lu Ming caught them carefully.
He examined the weapons in his hand.
The weapons were a bit rough and felt cold to the touch.
And from the shape of the weapons, it was not difficult to guess their material.
“Bones?”
“Yes, bones from the zombie’s corpse. The bones of the hunter you killed.”
Lu Ming didn’t find it disgusting because Zhang Lixin had cleaned them up quite well.
Besides, weapons themselves were meant for killing, and using bones as weapons was an ancestral craft that had been passed down.
He looked at the bow and arrow.
The bow was made from the hunter’s spine, and Lu Ming could see that there were many cracks on this spine, making the bow seem unreliable.
“I’ve tried it. Even though the hunter’s spine has many cracks from your attacks, it still has better strength than the steel materials I could find, and it’s more resilient.”
“As for the bowstring, it’s made from the hunter’s tendons.”
Lu Ming drew the bow to test the feel.
He pulled the bow with 50% of his strength and the bow easily withstood it.
He increased the force to 80%.
The bow could not bear it anymore.
“But it’s not bad.”
Whether for practicing skills or shooting zombies, this bow could be considered usable—after all, it was the apocalypse, and Lu Ming could not ask for too much.
Seeing that Lu Ming seemed satisfied, Zhang Lixin breathed a sigh of relief.
His tone was much more relaxed. “Compared to the bow, the slingshot should be even better.”
The slingshot was made from the same materials as the bow, taken from the hunter.
However, compared to the bow, the slingshot required less material.
Less material meant more suitable materials and easier production.
After all, with the hunter being smashed into that state, Zhang Lixin felt that it was a miracle in itself that he was able to assemble a usable longbow from it.
Lu Ming picked up the slingshot and realized that it was indeed as Zhang Lixin had said. The slingshot was better than the bow.
Even though Lu Ming pulled the slingshot with all his strength, the slingshot barely withstood the force—this meant that this slingshot could unleash Lu Ming’s full strength.
Lu Ming was in a good mood, his face beaming.
“Thank you, Bro Soldier!”
“Hey, just call me Zhang Lixin.”
Since Lu Ming was in a good mood, Zhang Lixin was naturally in a good mood.
He smiled and waved at Lu Ming on the second floor. However, Lu Ming’s next words immediately wiped the smile off Zhang Lixin’s face.
“By the way, Bro Xin, that barbell…”
Zhang Lixin: “…”
The atmosphere became a little awkward.
After a moment, Zhang Lixin sighed. “Brother Lu…”
“Don’t call me brother, just call me Lu Ming. You’re older than me.”
“Alright, Lu, to be honest, with the current conditions, we really can’t make the kind of metal bars with that level of strength that you want.”
If it were the bow and slingshot, Zhang Lixin could still try to find materials on the spot, but as for that kind of high-strength metal bar, even if it cost Zhang Lixin’s life, he couldn’t do anything about it.
Lu Ming could see the difficulty on Zhang Lixin’s face.
However, the metal bar was related to Lu Ming’s fitness and attribute gains…
Lu Ming also said with a troubled expression, “Bro Xin, please help me think of a solution. Fitness equipment is really very important to me.”
Zhang Lixin asked curiously, “More important than weapons?”
Lu Ming nodded heavily. “More important than weapons!”
Something wasn’t right. Aren’t the Awakened individuals supposed to enhance their strength through awakening? How many Awakened would consider fitness equipment more important than weapons?
Zhang Lixin had a keen eye for the blind spot, but he did not think too much about it.
He just sighed and nodded, “Then I’ll think of a solution. But don’t get your hopes up too much.”
“Just do your best, Brother Xin.”
Lu Ming was not a demanding person.
After watching Zhang Lixin leave, Lu Ming closed the window.
He sat in his chair and examined the bow and the slingshot in his hands.
He could see that Zhang Lixin had good craftsmanship and put in the effort.
The details of the bow and the slingshot were well done.
However, the hunter’s bones were too hard, and without professional equipment, the overall shape of the bow and the slingshot appeared rough.
“But as long as they work.”
There was nothing more important than functionality!
As Luming played with the slingshot, he liked it more and more.
This slingshot was currently the only long-range weapon that could allow Lu Ming to unleash his full strength!
“Let’s give it a name.”
“Let’s call it…”
“Hunter! Yes, let’s call it Hunter!”
Lu Ming was a novice at naming things, but he was quite satisfied with the name ‘Hunter’—simple, practical and exuded a strong killing intent!
Not only did it reveal the material of the slingshot, but also its purpose.
He looked at the bow and arrow next to it.
“Let’s call you… Training Bow and Arrows.”
The difference was immediately apparent.
He had no choice.
Lu Ming was not very satisfied with this longbow made from the hunter’s spine, so he naturally did not bother giving it a name.
He changed to a new arrow target and picked up the Training Bow and Arrows, preparing to practice archery for a while to improve his proficiency.


CHAPTER-36
Chapter 36
Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng spent the entire morning before they found the place where Zhang Ye met his demise.
The scene could only be described as a bloody mess, with bodies strewn about.
The destructive power of a Level 2 Awakened was indeed shocking.
The night before yesterday, Zhang Ye fought desperately. Although he did not kill the Hunter, he did take down many Tier 1 giant zombies.
However, it seemed that there were not many survivors who knew about corpse crystals and their effects. Therefore, the corpse crystals scattered on the ground remained untouched.
Perhaps no survivors dared to explore this battlefield.
Wang Xiong was not in a hurry to count his gains. After standing in silence for a long time, he turned to look at Zhang Chengcheng by his side, whose face was filled with sorrow.
“My condolences.”
Zhang Chengcheng gently closed her eyes.
Just by looking at the scene, she could imagine what Zhang Ye had experienced before he died.
A moment later, she opened her eyes. The sadness in them was gone, leaving only determination.
“If he had Brother Lu’s strength, my brother probably wouldn’t have died, right?”
Wang Xiong scratched his head, not knowing how to answer this question.
He then saw Zhang Chengcheng smile casually and said, “Let’s get to work.”
The deceased was gone, but the living still had to move on.
In layman’s terms, there was work to be done, and it had to work.
They were busy working until two in the afternoon before Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng finally collected all the corpse crystals—19 in total.
Including the Tier 1 corpse crystals he had collected previously, Wang Xiong had a total of 1 Tier 2 corpse crystal and 34 Tier 1 corpse crystals.
This quantity was clearly enough for Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng.
However, collecting corpse crystals was only part of their mission. Without distributing the corpse crystals first, Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng hurriedly made their way to the original stronghold of the Zhang family.
The outcome was inevitable—there was no chance of survival.
From the moment Zhang Ye fled the stronghold with Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng, there was no possibility of the Zhang family’s stronghold remaining.
Due to the presence of the walls, only a small portion of the zombies in the stronghold had dispersed. The remaining zombies were densely packed, and many of them were the survivors of the original stronghold.
Zhang Chengcheng saw many familiar faces.
The gatekeeper uncle, though slightly lame, was brave and strong.
The auntie who served food in the cafeteria, with a fierce appearance but a kind heart, would often give Zhang Chengcheng an extra spoonful of rice.
There were even several children around one meter tall whom Zhang Chengcheng used to play jump rope with.
But now, all these familiar people had turned into zombies, wandering and roaring in the gathering place, with grotesque and foul appearances.
“Phew.”
Letting out a heavy breath, Zhang Chengcheng patted Wang Xiong and pointed to the eastern corner of the courtyard.
“That’s the cellar over there. There’s a lot of food in there.”
That was Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng’s target.
However, to obtain food, the zombies horde in the courtyard were an unavoidable obstacle.
After some thought, Wang Xiong said, “Charge in?”
Zhang Chengcheng shook her head. “One of us can lure the zombies away while the other moves the supplies.”
“But whether it’s your method or mine, it’s a little slow. I have another idea.”
“Let’s go back for now.”
At six o’clock in the evening, Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng returned to the shelter.
After finishing their meal, Zhang Chengcheng shared the idea she had come up with.
“Let’s advance in level first. Wang Xiong and I will both advance. Once we advance to Level 2 Awakened, it will be very easy for us to retrieve the supplies from the Zhang’s family stronghold.”
The others had actually anticipated Zhang Chengcheng’s idea.
However, at this moment, Zhang Chengcheng’s brazen words made the others hold their breaths and their expressions unknowingly stiffened.
The destruction of the Zhang clan’s stronghold was ultimately caused by Zhang Ye’s advancement in rank.
Although this matter was not Zhang Ye’s fault, everyone had personally experienced the consequences. Now, when Zhang Chengcheng mentioned advancing in rank again, everyone could not help but be worried and afraid.
Seeing the hesitant and uneasy expressions on everyone’s faces, Zhang Chengcheng quickly eased the tension with a single sentence.
“It doesn’t matter. Brother Lu will take action.”
“This is different from the last time.”
“Don’t forget where we are, and don’t forget who else is here.”
The tense atmosphere eased instantly.
Wang Xiong pondered for a moment and nodded. “I think Zhang Chengcheng’s idea is feasible.”
Meng Jie added, “It’s not just feasible, but we have to do it.”
To refrain from advancing in rank due to fear of zombies.
This was undoubtedly a slow death.
Not to mention Lu Ming, even without him, Awakened ones still had to advance if they were capable of doing so..
In this world, not taking risks was equivalent to choosing death.
The seven of them unanimously agreed with Zhang Chengcheng’s proposal. Seeing this, Zhang Chengcheng immediately stood up and said, “I’ll discuss it with Brother Lu.”
At 6:30 pm, Lu Ming was reading after dinner when he heard the doorbell ring.
He went downstairs and turned on the electronic screen. As expected, he saw Zhang Chengcheng’s face.
“Good evening, Brother Lu.”
“Hello, Madam Zhang.”
“Brother Lu, just call me Chengcheng.”
“Alright, Zhang Chengcheng.”
The term “Chengcheng” was too intimate, and Lu Ming was not used to it. It was better to call her by her full name.
Zhang Chengcheng didn’t dwell too much on the issue of addressing, so after exchanging greetings, she got straight to the point.
“Wang Xiong and I went out today to our original stronghold…”
“And then…”
“Finally…”
We’re planning to…”
Zhang Chengcheng explained everything in one breath. Lu Ming fell into deep thought at the other end of the line.
After a moment, Lu Ming spoke up.
“Therefore, the advancement of the Awakened will attract the zombies…. and you and Wang Xiong are planning to advance today. You want me to help you deal with the horde, right?”
Zhang Chengcheng nodded. “Yes, Brother Lu.”
After some thought, Lu Ming asked, “Approximately, how many zombies are expected to come?”
Zhang Chengcheng gave an approximate number. “A few hundred. There might also be dozens of giant zombies and multiple hunters.”
After pondering, Lu Ming responded, “That’s not too many.”
The day before, Lu Ming had killed several hundreds of zombies, which significantly reduced his fear of the horde.
Lu Ming was even less afraid of the hunters.
Last time, even without a hunter’s slingshot, Lu Ming was able to kill one. This time, with a suitable weapon in hand, he would be even less afraid of them.
Moreover, Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng advancing to level 2 would make them formidable fighters.
Zhang Chengcheng’s face lit up upon hearing this, but Lu Ming continued, “I can help with this task, but I think we should be even more prepared.
“For example, let’s establish a simple defensive formation centered around my house.”
The main focus should be on protecting the doors and windows.
He did not want the zombies to break through the door or window and threaten his safety.
Zhang Chengcheng’s heart warmed when she heard that.
Yes.
Setting up a defensive line centered around Brother Lu’s house.
This way, Brother Lu could better protect the safety of the other survivors.
“I get it.”
Zhang Chengcheng nodded heavily, and Lu Ming on the other side of the door, smiled warmly.
This woman is quite smart.


CHAPTER-37
Chapter 37
Day 14 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Saturday, Back-Training Day.
Early in the morning, Wang Xiong, Zhang Chengcheng, and the others got to work.
Zhang Chengcheng stood on the street in high spirits and said to Wang Xiong, Zhang Lixin, Yang Guan, Qin Lie, and Wei Jiming in a clear voice, “We’ve already made the design plans yesterday. We’ve also prepared sandbags, bricks, wire mesh, and everything else. Let’s all work hard and strive to complete it by today!”
“Okay!”
“No problem!”
The five men responded enthusiastically, showing that they were also very focused on this matter.
There was no choice but to be focused…
The advancement of an Awakened was related to everyone’s safety. This defensive line that Zhang Chengcheng called the Zombies Strike Array came from Mr. Lu Ming. It was also to better ensure everyone’s safety. No one would take it lightly.
The five men and one woman worked in full swing.
Lu Ming, who was at home, also began his daily back training. memorization exercise.
“Crack.”
“Crack.”
His attributes increased rapidly.
However, as a result, the equipment was continuously worn out.
The lifespan of the equipment would be greatly shortened if the weight was too heavy, but if the weight was reduced, it would reduce the training effect. It might not even stimulate muscle growth and increase the attributes—Lu Ming did not have a good solution to this either.
He could only place his hopes on the soldier.
An hour and a half later, Lu Ming finished his exercise for the day.
Name: Lu Ming.
Age: 25 years old.
Strength: 30.4 (31.3) ↑.
Physique: 30.9 (31.8) ↑.
Agility: 30.3 (31.2) ↑.
Fitness Lv4 (350/400).
He opened the window on the second floor and saw the busy crowd and a half-completed Zombies Strike Array.
The name Zombies Strike Array sounded imposing, but in reality, the structure of the entire line of defense was just a low wall.
The height of the low wall was limited, only about 1.3 meters, so as not to obstruct Lu Ming’s line of sight for shooting. But the disadvantage of such a low wall was that it could not really stop the zombies.
They could easily cross it with a leap.
On top of the wall, there was an additional layer of wire mesh. The overall height was less than 1.7 meters, which was practically useless.
However, the ingenuity was that the low wall was not sealed. Instead, there were two openings that were two meters wide.
One opening was directly in front of Lu Ming’s house and front window.
The other opening was directly in front of the back window on the second floor of Lu Ming’s house.
The Tier 0 zombies had no brains, and the giant zombies and hunters were not very intelligent either.
In Zhang Chengcheng’s plan, she and Wang Xiong, the two Awakened, would each block an opening. By the attraction of the Awakened to the zombies, it was enough to lure the zombies to the openings and prevent them from crossing the short wall.
Whether it would work or not was still unknown.
There were no designers or architects among the survivors, and there were limited materials. There was only so much they could do.
In the afternoon, the main part of the Zombies Strike Array was completed.
Following Lu Ming’s suggestion, Wang Xiong and the others built a nearly fully enclosed small fortress in front of Lu Ming’s house. This was the second line of defense for the survivors.
When he was building this, Wang Xiong was puzzled. This thing was an eyesore at Lu Ming’s doorstep. Why not let the ordinary survivors hide inside Lu Ming’s house?
Lu Ming could not be bothered with him, but Zhang Chengcheng provided a reasonable answer.
“The smell of the living attracts the zombies.”
“If the survivors stay here, the zombies will only attack Brother Lu’s door and not the back window. In that case, Brother Lu only needs to guard one window.”
Wang Xiong came to a realization.
That’s right. Although Brother Lu is strong, he can’t clone himself. It’s convenient to have survivors as bait for Brother Lu to kill the zombies. There’s nothing wrong with that!
By nightfall, the entire construction work was completed.
Standing by the second-floor window, Lu Ming examined the entire defensive structure and nodded slightly.
“It’s not bad.”
He was not exactly satisfied, but he was not disappointed either.
When the horde of zombies attacked, Zhang Chengcheng and Wang Xiong each blocked an opening to attract the zombies so they would not claw at the windows or break down the door.
And if Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng could not hold on, it would buy enough time for Lu Ming to escape to the basement.
Just as Zhang Chengcheng looked up at Lu Ming, their eyes met, and Lu Ming nodded slightly while Zhang Chengcheng was smiling.
“Brother Lu, is everything okay?”
Lu Ming gave Zhang Chengcheng a thumbs up.
Whether he was satisfied or not was another matter. It was basic courtesy to affirm the fruits of someone else’s efforts, and Lu Ming had always been very polite.
Zhang Chengcheng continued, “By the way, Brother Lu, Wang Xiong and I are preparing to level up tonight.”
Lu Ming nodded again. “Okay.”
21st day of the Apocalypse Calendar, 8 p.m.
Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng sat at the dining table in the safe house. In front of each of them were 10 Tier 1 Corpse Crystals.
Zhang Lixin, Meng Jie, and three others stood around, their gazes filled with concern and envy as they looked at Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng.
“Let’s begin,” Wang Xiong said, and he was the first to pick up the corpse crystals.
He stuffed them into his mouth one by one.
There was no taste to speak of, but it melted in his mouth.
Soon, Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng had finished consuming the corpse crystals.
A surge of heat welled up from within their bodies.
All of this was no different from when Zhang Ye advanced.
But there were subtle differences.
When Zhang Ye advanced, his body heated up and his skin turned red. However, although Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng felt the heat in their bodies, their skin did not turn red.
On the contrary, Wang Xiong’s skin had a metallic luster, and when he tapped it gently with his nails, it made a metallic sound.
As for Zhang Chengcheng, her skin showed no abnormalities, but the surrounding dust strangely floated up and then slowly descended, repeating this cycle.
Meng Jie’s eyes lit up.
“Different superpowers!”
Level 2 Awakened have different types of superpowers, and the external manifestations during advancement might indicate the types and functions of superpowers!
About ten minutes later, the advancement of the two was completed!
Their physique doubled on top of their original foundation..
Wang Xiong had a better foundation, so his physique had improved more than Zhang Chengcheng.
However, this was not important. What mattered was the superpower that the two of them had awakened.
“My skin has become much harder.”
With that, Wang Xiong activated his superpower. His entire body turned ashen, like an iron lump.
“Steel Skin. I call my superpower Steel Skin.”
The Steel Skin superpower increased Wang Xiong’s resistance to attacks, which was quite compatible with Wang Xiong’s combat style. It was like adding icing on the cake.
Everyone turned to look at Zhang Chengcheng.
They saw Zhang Chengcheng stretched out her hand thoughtfully, and a twisted wave emanated from Zhang Chengcheng’s hand and landed on Wang Xiong.
Wang Xiong’s expression changed.
“I feel like I’ve become heavier.”
Meng Jie said, “No, it’s gravity.”
“Chengcheng’s superpower is gravity!”
Zhang Chengcheng nodded. “I should be able to control gravity. Not only increase it but also reduce the gravity attached to the target’s body.”
“As for the upper limit of the superpower’s effect, it’s hard to say for now, more testing is needed.”


CHAPTER-38
Chapter 38
There are currently no conditions to conduct further testing.
As soon as they completed the advancement, Wang Xiong, Zhang Chengcheng, and the other seven survivors stepped out of the safe house and came to the Zombies Strike Array in front of Lu Ming’s house.
This was their campground for the night.
Fortunately, the temperature was manageable and he did not fall sick from the cold. As for the safety issue, he could only arrange for people to keep watch at night.
She rang Lu Ming’s doorbell. Zhang Chengcheng wanted to share the joy of advancement with Lu Ming.
However, it was time for Lu Ming to sleep.
“Is the zombie wave here?”
“It’s not that…”
“Then don’t disturb me. I need to rest.”
Zhang Chengcheng immediately looked apologetic.
‘Yeah.’
Brother Lu needed to conserve his energy to prepare for the final battle with the zombies.
It was indeed inappropriate for her to disturb him.
Regarding advancement and superpowers, she would leave them for future discussions.
After washing up, he changed into his pajamas.
Lu Ming lay on the bed, and his mind was filled with thoughts about fitness.
With his increased strength, the fitness equipment could not keep up with Lu Ming’s pace. According to Lu Ming’s estimation, his efficiency in farming attributes would decrease in about a week. And in a month, he would probably not be able to obtain any attribute points from his current fitness routine.
This trouble was even greater than the impending zombie wave.
He tossed and turned, unable to fall asleep.
Around 11 p.m., the doorbell suddenly rang.
Lu Ming got out of bed and went to the door. He turned on the electronic screen.
On the screen, Wang Xiong’s face looked grave as he said, “Brother Lu, the horde is here.”
Lu Ming perked up and his drowsiness vanished. “I understand.”
According to Dr. Meng Jie’s theory, the Awakened and the zombies are in a mutually hunting relationship.
But if we delve deeper, zombies actually had visible advantages over humans.
Having fewer weaknesses and being faster and stronger was only one aspect.
Evolution was faster, and lower evolution conditions were another aspect.
The greatest advantage of evolved zombies compared to survivors was their superhuman hunting instincts.
They could easily sense the location of the Awakened.
Meng Jie did not understand the logic behind this for the time being, but from her past experience, this meant that every time an Awakened leveled up, it would attract zombies of the same level or even higher, as well as a zombie tide led by high-level zombies.
Under the bright moonlight, there were ghostly shadows looming.
The zombies were tossing and jumping non-stop.
They tramped through the mud and crossed the streets. Although their formation was chaotic, they had a clear target.
There were nearly a thousand zombies, and even dozens of giant zombies mixed among them.
A zombie horde of this scale was probably impossible for any civilian gathering places at this stage, to cope with.
And what was even more terrifying was the commander of the zombie horde!
At the rear of the zombie horde, five pink hunters stood in a row, their slightly crimson eyes looking in the direction of Lu Ming’s house in the distance, and the greed in their eyes was about to spew out.
It was the desire to feed!
However, if one looked closely, one of the five hunters was slightly different from the other four.
The other four hunters were all cold and aloof, displaying an air of arrogance..
Only the hunter on the far right would occasionally peeked at its counterparts. From time to time, its nose would twitch, and its eyes flickered with a gleam, like a husky mixed in the wolf pack.
Although this hunter lacked the domineering aura of a normal hunter, it appeared even more clever and intelligent, as if it had a good brain.
Its name was Simba.
Simba was the name it had given itself.
In fact, this hunter had been different from its kind since it first turned into a zombie.
A Tier 0 zombie only knew how to locate its prey by sound. Although it was strong and powerful, it appeared dull-witted. Sometimes, a survivor could lure a Tier 0 zombie by throwing a glass bottle.
But Simba was different.
From the moment it was born, it had a certain level of intelligence, and its eyesight was better than its kind.
This made Simba’s hunting trip exceptionally smooth.
After becoming a giant zombie, Simba’s intelligence was higher. It even knew how to open doors and ransack homes. That was how it ambushed a Level 1 Awakened who was alone. The poor Awakened had his neck snapped by Simba in his sleep and died peacefully.
After becoming a Tier 2 Hunter, Simba’s intelligence became more comprehensive.
For example, Simba had seen a convoy swaggering down the street some time ago. The other zombies or even evolved zombies only knew that there were living people and Awakened ones in the convoy, and saw them as a feast. However, Simba could tell that the convoy was not to be trifled with from the appearance of the vehicles and the green clothes on humans.
And it turned out to be true.
Simba watched as the seven hunters led their underlings to charge, but they were killed or brutally beaten by a person wielding a pipe that spewed sparks and a physically strong Awakened wearing green clothes.
Simba slipped away before the battle began.
Even now, when recalling that incident, Simba was still proud of its wisdom.
It could brag about this for the rest of its life.
“Roar.”
Its companion beside him growled.
That was the signal for the final attack.
Simba turned to look at its companions, but a trace of disdain flashed across its eyes.
This was superiority in terms of intelligence.
However, intelligence aside, strength was still strength. Simba’s strength was not superior to its own kind. Its previous experience had taught Simba the importance of not being the first to engage in battle, based on the principle of shooting the bird that stuck out.
For this group hunt, Simba still decided to fight at the end and snatch the top spot for itself..
In any case, its idiotic companions could not figure out who had contributed the most in the battle and who had contributed the least in the battle. If it did not scam them, who would it scam?
As the five leaders sent out the signal in unison, the horde of zombies began their general attack.
Lu Ming’s house.
The window on the second floor was already open.
Lu Ming held his hunter in his hand. There were 50 packs of steel beads on the table beside him.
In the bright moonlight, Lu Ming could see the zombies approaching from the village entrance, heading straight for the front door of his house.
The air was filled with the howls of the zombies and a rancid smell, which made Lu Ming even more focused.
Lu Ming pulled the slingshot taut with force, his gaze piercing.
Until the first zombie appeared a hundred meters away.
Lu Ming suddenly released the slingshot. With a whoosh, the zombie’s head exploded on the spot!
The first kill of the hunter was swift, clean, and effortless.
Lu Ming was also particularly satisfied with the hunter.
Greater strength, longer range.
This not only meant an expanded strike range but it also meant that the difficulty of shooting had increased. Once a shot hit its mark, one would gain more proficiency in slingshot shooting skills.
Slingshot Shooting Lv11 (386 (+7) /1100).
A headshot, added 7 proficiency points.
Lu Ming had a premonition, but whether tonight would be dangerous or not remained uncertain.
When it came to skill proficiency, he felt he had a good grasp of it.
The smell of a Level 2 Awakened filled the air, making the zombies even more frenzied.
Even the highly intelligent Simba felt his body heat up and his appetite whetted!
Devour the Awakened and evolve.
This was ingrained in the zombies’ instinct for survival!
As it surveyed the crude defense line ahead, Simba could not help but curl its lips in disdain.
The defense line was crude, there were too few Awakened, and there were no iron pipes that could spew fire.
With the onslaught of its own foolish companions and itself, there was only one outcome awaiting this rudimentary gathering place.
That was annihilation!
However, as Simba watched, it slowly realized that something seemed to be amiss.


CHAPTER-39
Chapter 39
The zombies surged forward, more than anticipated.
There was a vast expanse of zombies. For a moment, Wang Xiong could not count the exact number.
Taking a deep breath, Wang Xiong’s skin began to turn ashen and he spoke to Zhang Lixin and the other ordinary survivors.
“Go to the fortress!”
Zhang Lixin, Meng Jie, and the other three entered the fortress without hesitation.
After the ordinary survivors took their positions, Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng exchanged a glance, and had a tacit understanding.
Wong Xiong immediately took a detour and came to the gap in the back window.
The entire zombie strike array was now set up properly.
Lu Ming, occupied the high ground on the second floor as the firepower point, delivering deadly blows to the zombies.
With Zhang Chengcheng in front, and Wang Xiong in the back, blocking the two gaps, they formed the first line of defense for Lu Ming’s house. At the same time, they were also serving as bait to attract the zombies.
The useless ordinary survivors were all gathered in the small fortress outside Lu Ming’s house, doing the same bait job.
Then was this Zombie Strike Array effective?
The answer was… unknown…
This was because Lu Ming’s killing speed was shockingly fast, not giving the Zombies Strike Array a chance to unleash its power.
Ripples could be seen flying out of the second-floor window and landing on the zombies.
Most of the bullets hit their targets accurately.
Even if there were occasional misses, Lu Ming would quickly make up for it by shooting off the zombies’ heads within a second.
For the zombies, a 100 meters was not a very long distance .
However, with Lu Ming on the second floor harvesting, the zombies found it extremely difficult to move across that 100 meters.
Hundreds of zombies fell on the road. The leading zombies finally approached within 30 meters of the Zombies Strike Array.
However, the potholes and traps everywhere further hindered the progress of the zombies. Zhang Chengcheng also stretched out her hand, and a distorted wave lifted from her hand, covering the area in front.
The zombies slowed down instantly.
It was as if the zombies were carrying a heavy burden of more than a hundred catties.
This scene made Lu Ming widen his eyes.
“What the hell is this!?”
Superpower?!
These days, even superpowers exist!?
Hearing Lu Ming’s voice, Zhang Chengcheng turned around and smiled, “it’s my level-two awakened superpower.”
“Slowing down?”
“No, it’s gravity.”
Hearing Zhang Chengcheng’s response, a spark suddenly flashed in Lu Ming’s mind.
But now was not the time to think about it…
From the corner of his eye, he glanced at Zhang Chengcheng. Lu Ming unleashed his crazy hand speed from his 25 years of single life. He shot at a frantic speed, just wanting to quickly deal with the horde and thoroughly test his conjecture.
Simba felt a little confused.
Looking at the large group of harvested zombies in front of him, there was only one thought in Simba’s mind.
“This is impossible!!”
Simba’s intelligence was indeed “extraordinary,” and it realized a horrifying fact.
The ones killing the horde were not two Level 2 Awakened, but an “ordinary person” who was not even within its perception range.
That was what confused Simba the most.
The combat power of a Level 2 Awakened was clearly very strong. If the two Level 2 Awakened killed the horde, Simba would not be so surprised—because its underlings were just cannon fodder that consumed the physical strength and superpowers of the Awakened. The more they died, the more advantageous it was for hunting.
However, Simba could not accept that the horde of zombies had suffered a fatal blow before the two Level 2 Awakened even made a move.
A sense of unease began to rise in its heart.
When Simba saw the zombies falling to the ground at an increasing speed, it rolled its eyes and came up with a plan!
“Roar.”
(That ordinary person playing slingshot on the second floor is too ruthless! This can’t go on! Brothers, charge at him!)
With one call, the other four hunters responded!
The other four hunters did not quite understand the situation or the meaning behind Simba’s roar.
However, they clearly understood the meaning of charging forward.
Coincidentally, following their usual hunting logic, it wasn’t too early for them to make a move now, and the timing was appropriate.
“Swish.”
Under the moonlight, four figures swiftly flew out, like the most skilled parkour players, leaping and treading on buildings and vehicles as they rushed towards Lu Ming’s house.
Simba, on the other hand, remained motionless.
It just widened its eyes, carefully observing the situation. It even showed signs of retreating.
Until there was a loud “bang”.
The head of the hunter charging at the front exploded like a rotten watermelon. His body fell from the sky and landed on the ground, leaving behind a nearly 10-meter-long trail of blood.
Even with Simba’s eyesight, he could only vaguely see a small spherical object shooting out from the second-floor window, instantly killing with a headshot.
“What the hell is this!?”
“Bang.”
The second hunter also could not escape the fate of having his head blown off.
Even though they were very fast, Lu Ming’s dynamic vision was stronger, with a three-dimensional attribute advantage of more than 10 points, enough for Lu Ming to completely overwhelm the hunters.
“Bang.”
The third pellet was slightly off course and only hit the hunter in the leg.
However, Simba could see how terrifying the attack was. Its entire leg was sent flying as if its body had exploded.
As soon as the third hunter fell, its head exploded once again. it could not possibly be any more dead.
The fourth hunter still did not notice the tragic state of his companions.
With three companions as cannon fodder, the hunter successfully rushed within 30 meters of the death line.
Seeing this, Zhang Chengcheng’s gaze sharpened, and unleashed an even stronger gravity superpower, pinning the hunter to the ground, rendering it unable to move.
“Bang.”
The outcome was without any surprises.
All four of them perished in less than half a minute.
Simba was first dumbfounded, then suddenly shivered uncontrollably.
With the higher IQ of a top-ranked zombie, Simba made the wisest and smartest decision of its life.
Without another word, it turned and ran.
Under the moonlight, a hunter named Simba landed on all fours, baring its teeth, saliva flying everywhere. Its speed was so fast that even its facial skin was rippling in the wind, almost leaving a lingering image in the moonlight.
In just a minute, Simba ran out of Good Hope Village.
Hearing the roars of the zombie horde in Good Hope Village, a glimmer of post-disaster survival flashed in Simba’s eyes.
“Mon… monsters…”
There are monsters in this damn place!
Looking at the three characters “Good Hope Village” on the beam at the village entrance, Simba made a decision.
“I, Simba, would rather starve to death, die of thirst! I will never come to this damn place called Good Hope Village again!”
After muttering to itself, Simba turned its head and left without a care in the world.
Zhang Chengcheng’s gravity superpower was a perfect match for Lu Ming.
The zombies swarmed over. Lu Ming’s shots could not keep up with the speed of the zombies charging. However, under the suppression of Zhang Chengcheng’s gravity power, the speed of the horde slowed down and the zombies became idiotic targets.
As for the four hunters…
Well, Lu Ming had felt that the hunters did not give him a strong sense of oppression. At this moment, he did not feel particularly proud of shooting down the four hunters.
Slingshot Lv. 11-Lv. 12.
Then, from Level 12 to Level 13!
Until it froze at Level 13 (1075/1300), wherever Lu Ming’s gaze reached, there was not a single active zombie to be seen.
Smacking his lips, Lu Ming was overjoyed.
“When it comes to leveling up proficiency, it’s still better with zombies.”


CHAPTER-40
Chapter 40
The massive horde of zombies came fast and died fast.
With Lu Ming in charge, the situation remained under control.
Although there were still unavoidable zombies approaching, with Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng covering him, it was just a close call.
Before midnight, before the start of a new day, everything settled down.
Carefully putting away his slingshot, Lu Ming looked down at Zhang Chengcheng.
After thinking for a moment, he said, “Come over at eight o’clock tomorrow morning. I have something to discuss with you.”
Zhang Chengcheng’s gravity superpower sparked an idea in Lu Ming.
He was concerned about his gym equipment wearing out too quickly and not providing enough resistance, but Zhang Chengcheng’s gravity superpower gave Lu Ming a new direction..
Zhang Chengcheng’s face lit up, but she quickly restrained herself.
“Sure, Brother Lu.”
She nodded obediently, turned around to face away from Lu Ming, but could no longer hide the joy on her face.
Lu Ming took the initiative to approach her.
What could it be?
Could it be…
No, no, no. That is a bit far-fetched, and things are progressing too quickly.
But regardless, the fact that Lu Ming took the initiative to look for her was a significant milestone.
It could mean that their relationship was on the fast track and driving together wasn’t far away…
As she indulged in her happy thoughts, Wang Xiong’s untimely voice interrupted.
“I think we’re really short on manpower.”
Wang Xiong walked over from the rear opening, looking at the floor covered in corpses, his head buzzing.
Well, that settled it.
There was no need to do anything else tomorrow. Just dealing with these bodies would keep the seven survivors busy for several days.
But all in all, today was a day to celebrate.
Two Awakened had advanced to Level 2, and the incoming zombie horde was defeated.
With these thoughts in mind, Wang Xiong knocked on the small fortress and called out Zhang Lixin and the others, signing with emotion.
“Brother Lu, you’re awesome!”
Tonight, there was no time for anything else.
Including Lu Ming, the eight people in the gathering place went back to their respective homes to rest, leaving everything for tomorrow.
After a pleasant sleep, Lu Ming opened his eyes.
He devoured twenty large buns in one go and let out a contented sigh.
He went up to the second floor and came to the windowsill to observe the street.
Wang Xiong had already started to clean up the streets with his men.
Zhang Chengcheng was standing below at Lu Ming’s house. She seemed to have spotted Lu Ming. Zhang Chengcheng looked up and waved hard at the dark window on the second floor.
“Brother Lu, you said yesterday that you were looking for me. Now I’m here.”
It was not known how long she had been standing at the door…
Lu Ming opened the window and said to Zhang Chengcheng, “Don’t you have anything to do today? I remember you saying that you’re planning to go back to the original gathering place to take a look and transport food.”
“No, no, our business can wait. Brother Lu’s matter is the most important.”
Since Lu Ming said he had something to discuss, everything else had to take a backseat.
Is food or the Zhang family’s gathering place more important than Brother Lu’s matter?
That was clearly not the case.
Zhang Chengcheng’s response made Lu Ming feel a little embarrassed.
He asked for her help, and she had put aside her own matters to assist him…
What a good person.
Lu Ming quickly said, “My matters can wait.”
Zhang Chengcheng: “My matters can wait also.”
If she can wait, then it’s fine…
Wang Xiong, who was moving the corpses, sighed silently.
There was really not enough food.
However, Lu Ming took Zhang Chengcheng’s words seriously.
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming said, “Alright, wait for me. I’ll come down right away.”
“Sure, Brother Lu.”
Picking up the barbells and dumbbells on the second floor, as well as the squat bench and other equipment, then Lu Ming went downstairs and came to the door.
Standing at the door, Lu Ming hesitated for a moment…
Should I go out or not?
If he wanted Zhang Chengcheng to assist him with his training, the two of them had to come into contact.
First of all, one thing was certain. Lu Ming would never let Zhang Chengcheng into his house, so he had to get out.
But it was the apocalypse outside… with zombies everywhere.
It was dangerous to go out, so he had to be cautious.
Moreover, the human heart was unpredictable. What if Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng intended harm toward him when he went out? What should he do then?
Just as he was about to step out, Lu Ming felt that his decision was somewhat imprudent.
At that moment, the doorbell rang. Lu Ming checked the electronic screen and saw Zhang Chengcheng speaking, “Brother Lu, are you moving things? Do you need our help?”
“No need!”
He bluntly rejected Zhang Chengcheng’s offer of help.
Lu Ming heaved a long sigh.
“Let’s take a gamble.”
After a few days of interaction, Lu Ming felt that those people outside were all good people. There was a high probability that they did not harbor any ill intentions towards him. It seemed that they also did not have the ability to harm him.
As for the zombies outside, they were indeed terrifying, but as long as he stayed within 30 meters… no, within 10 meters of his home, he could quickly retreat inside if there was any danger.
Moreover, once Zhang Chengcheng’s superpower could solve the problems in his training, Lu Ming’s gains would undoubtedly be significant! For the sake of these benefits, Lu Ming felt that taking a little risk was worthwhile.
Lu Ming admitted that he was indeed taking a gamble.
But in the face of the apocalypse, it was necessary to take some risks.
“I’ll take the gamble!”
“Click, click, click, click, click.
The five locks were unlocked. As the gate swung open, the bright sunlight poured in, illuminating Lu Ming, as if he were draped in a golden veil.
Zhang Chengcheng, who was standing at the door, witnessed this scene in awe.
She looked at his chiseled face.
She looked at that sturdy figure.
She couldn’t help but tremble.
‘He truly deserves to be the man who can wield the hammer of Thor.’
Lu Ming arranged the equipment seven meters away from the front door.
Lu Ming tested it back and forth. After confirming that he could run back to the entrance within two seconds, open the door in three seconds, and be back home in five seconds, Lu Ming was somewhat relieved.
Turning around and facing the curious gazes of the others, Lu Ming nodded calmly.
“Hello, everyone.”
“Hello, Brother Lu!”
“Don’t call me Brother Lu. Just call me Lu Ming.”
“Sure, Brother Lu.”
The way they addressed him was not that important.
It was just that everyone was staring at him that made Lu Ming a little uncomfortable—Lu Ming had never been the one in the center of the stage, and he didn’t like that feeling either.
“Um, aren’t you all busy?”
Zhang Lixin came to a realization, and he quickly said, “Busy. We’re all very busy. Brother Lu, you chat with Chengcheng. We’ll get busy first.”
The others also came to a realization.
“You two keep chatting, we’re busy too.”
“Busy, we’re all busy.”
The “crowd” finally dispersed, leaving only Lu Ming and Zhang Chengcheng.
Zhang Chengcheng flicked her hair and said gently, “Brother Lu, what do you need from me?”
After a brief choice of words, Lu Ming said, “Your superpower is gravity, right?”
Zhang Chengcheng nodded.
“I want you to do me a favor. Use your superpower to assist me in my fitness training? What do you think?”
Just this small matter…
Also, you’re an Awakened. Is training really that important?
Is it more important than a beauty?
She was disappointed and puzzled, but on second thought, her doubts dissipated.
The reason why she could not understand Brother Lu’s actions was definitely because she was not at his level.
Zhang Chengcheng smiled and nodded. “Of course, no problem.”


CHAPTER-41
Chapter 41: The True Essence of Rehearsal Training and Fitness

Today was the 22nd day of the Apocalypse Calendar. It was Sunday, the day of leg training.
According to usual schedule, Lu Ming’s leg practice day was as follows:
Warm up with a 20-minute jog.
Then, it was time to torture the legs. There were two main types of exercises—squats and leg presses.
After that, there was half an hour of stretching.
Legs were an extremely important aspect of fitness training.
This was because the thigh muscles in humans were the most developed.
Strong thighs could not only provide explosive power but also promote testosterone secretion, significantly enhancing the effectiveness of exercise and athletic performance.
It was also worth mentioning that human leg strength was extremely powerful.
The amount of weight required for leg training far exceeded that of other body parts.
As a result, every leg training day for Lu Ming was a nightmare for the fitness equipment, inflicting fatal blows on them.
Today, he had Zhang Chengcheng as his assistant.
Lu Ming also made some minor changes to his fitness routine.
“First, warm-up.”
Warming up was crucial.
A proper warm-up could effectively reduce the risk of injury.
However, the significance of warm-up had diminished for Lu Ming several days ago—because the treadmill could not keep up with his speed. Even running at its maximum speed for half an hour would not serve as a warm-up for Lu Ming.
He would not even break a sweat, finding it easier than taking a stroll in the pre-apocalyptic world… So, there was no way to warm up.
But now, with Zhang Chengcheng around, things were different.
“Before we begin, we need to test the upper limit of your superpower.”
After saying that, Lu Ming patted his chest.
“Activate your superpower on me.”
“Alright.”
As soon as she finished speaking, a distorted ripple emanated from Zhang Chengcheng’s hand and landed on Lu Ming.
His body instantly became heavier.
In the pre-apocalyptic world, Lu Ming’s weight was 150 catties. Two days ago, he weighed himself and his weight had already reached 200 catties. And now, with his superpower, Lu Ming felt that he had doubled in weight.
In other words, 4.00 catties.
But it was not enough.
The gap was too wide.
“Go on.”
Zhang Chengcheng’s expression was solemn as she increased the efficiency of her superpower.
“I’ll do it gradually. Brother Lu, if you can’t handle it, just let me know.”
“Alright.”
Zhang Chengcheng continued to exert more force.
2x gravity.
3x gravity.
10X…
15X…
It was not until the gravity reached 15 times its normal level that Lu Ming regained the feeling he had before the apocalypse.
It was worth mentioning that the condition of 15 times gravity was different from carrying a weight of 3 tons—although they appeared the same in terms of increased weight, the sensation for Lu Ming was completely different.
Taking a refreshing breath, Lu Ming looked up at Zhang Chengcheng and noticed sweat slowly dripping down her forehead.
“It’s 15 times gravity, right?”
Zhang Chengcheng nodded.
“How are you feeling?”
“The pressure is significant, but bearable.”
Superpowers consume a great deal of physical strength and require the utilization of mysterious factors within the Awakened individual.
Even though Zhang Chengcheng was exerting 15 times gravity on a relatively small target—only Lu Ming—the high-intensity output of superpower energy still left her slightly fatigued.
“How long can you hold this state?”
“30 minutes, approximately…”
Lu Ming frowned.
The time was too short.
Every workout session for him lasted 1.5 to 2 hours.
“Let’s take a break for now.
After Lu Ming said that, Zhang Chengcheng immediately ended her superpower.
She saw Lu Ming pacing up and down, seemingly deep in thought.
About five minutes later, Lu Ming let out a long sigh.
“30 minutes… Then I might need to modify my fitness plan.”
Right at the entrance, Lu Ming revised today’s fitness plan.
First, warm-up.
Lu Ming didn’t intend to warm up by running—that would take too much time.
Instead, he chose high-intensity interval training, also known as HUT.
Jumping, squatting, bending over, push-ups, standing up, jumping—repeat the cycle.
This was originally designed for high-intensity and efficient fat burning, but Lu Ming used it as a warm-up exercise.
However, given Lu Ming’s current physique, it seemed to be suitable.
“15 times gravity! Begin!”
As soon as she finished speaking, Zhang Chengcheng activated her superpower.
Lu Ming began to operate like a madman!
Under 15 times gravity, Lu Ming felt that his cells were completely activated. With the intense energy consumption, sweat soon appeared on Lu Ming’s forehead.
Five minutes later, Lu Ming completed his warm-up.
“Maintain the intensity of my superpower!”
With that, Lu Ming assumed the proper posture and began doing squats.
This time, Lu Ming did not use any additional weights.
He solely relied on his gravity superpower and body weight for his leg muscle training.
At the beginning, Lu Ming felt that he could adapt to even greater weight, so he asked Zhang Chengcheng to increase the intensity of her superpower to 20 times!
Squatted.
Stood up.
Arms raised parallel to the ground, with perfect form.
One could clearly observe the muscles all over Lu Ming’s body undulating with each movement. The leg muscles, in particular, appeared like wriggling snakes —strong and powerful, with a hint of ferociousness.
One set of 20 squats.
After it ended, Lu Ming said, “Increase it further! 21 times!”
Zhang Chengcheng gritted her teeth and increased the output power of her superpower once again.
This was the first time Wang Xiong had seen Lu Ming work out.
He stopped what he was doing and stood outside the zombie attack array, staring intently at Lu Ming during his workout.
As a former mixed martial arts expert, Wang Xiong had a firm grasp on the realm of fitness.
After all, in modern combat, other than techniques, physical strength was crucial.
Greater agility, swiftness, greater strength, more explosive power—physical fitness formed the foundation of combat.
Correspondingly, Wang Xiong had conducted extensive research on sports science.
He observed Lu Ming from the warm-up to the squats and finally the stretching.
About twenty-five minutes later, the entire fitness routine came to an end. Lu Ming was panting heavily, while Zhang Chengcheng was slumped on the ground, completely exhausted.
She was even more tired than Lu Ming…
It was at this moment that Wang Xiong spoke up.
“Brother Lu, do you enjoy working out?”
Wiping off his sweat, Lu Ming nodded, “Yes.”
“What’s the significance of it? Awakened ones only need to advance to become stronger. Moreover, fitness training for Awakened ones can no longer enhance their physical fitness. At best, it can only help maintain their physical state.”
That was what puzzled him.
Wang Xiong knew very well that fitness training could not surpass the limits of human beings, but awakening could.
The body of an Awakened had already surpassed the limits of an ordinary human. Even with fitness training, he could not improve his physical fitness in the slightest—since becoming an Awakened, Wang Xiong had not engaged in any fitness exercise.
After giving it some thought, Lu Ming said, “I’m different.”
Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng exchanged a glance, a hint of realization flashing in their eyes.
They knew in their hearts that they had discovered Lu Ming’s secret.
“You awakened a special superpower? Can it continue to enhance your physical strength through fitness training?”
Wang Xiong expressed his speculation and his expression turned serious, “This superpower is too terrifying!”
Lu Ming remained silent.
He could not explain the attribute system… Fortunately, Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng automatically filled in the gaps and came up with a reasonable explanation.
While stroking the stubble on his chin, Wang Xiong said, “If that’s the case, I think I can help you.”
During Lu Ming’s fitness just now, Wang Xiong noticed something.
Lu Ming’s fitness program seemed to be something a third-rate fitness coach would teach, or even something he made up himself…
It was not full of mistakes, but it had significant room for improvement.
What a coincidence.
Wang Xiong, who used to be an athlete, was much more professional in the field of fitness than Lu Ming..


CHAPTER-42
Chapter 42: The True Essence of Rehearsal Training and
Fitness (2)

Hearing Wang Xiong’s words, Lu Ming was interested.
“Brother Wang, what did you do previously?”
Wang Xiong smiled and said, “I was doing mixed martial arts.”
Lu Ming was enlightened.
When he first met Wang Xiong, Lu Ming felt that this guy was really good at fighting.
With two children from his previous marriage, he could still jump up and down among the zombies and fight his way out. He even dared to set a trap for the giant zombies.
He was not simple.
At this moment, when he heard that Wang Xiong was trained in mixed martial arts before the apocalypse, Lu Ming’s eyes widened.
“You’re pretty good, aren’t you?”
Wang Xiong said humbly, “The quasi-national level is just so-so.”
Quasi-national-level was alright…
However, this also proved Wang Xiong’s ability and standard.
It was quite powerful.
The competitive pressure in the field of athletes was very terrifying, the kind where one general achieved fame over the dead bodies of 10,000 soldiers.
Every successful athlete needed exceptional talent and tremendous effort to reach heights that were beyond the reach of ordinary individuals.
They understood the most professional training methods and had sports experience that ordinary people could not access.
In short, it was just one sentence.
Professional match!
Lu Ming immediately straightened his expression.
“Brother Wang, please enlighten me.”
“First of all, I think there are some issues with your approach to fitness.”
“Who taught you to train like this?”
Facing Wang Xiong’s question, Lu Ming stood straight like a primary school student.
He had always been a humble person.
Since Lu Ming knew that Wang Xiong was much more knowledgeable in the field of sports science, he naturally listened attentively and treated him with the respect of a student.
“I researched it myself.”
Wang Xiong nodded in realization and asked, “Then what’s the purpose of your fitness?”
Lu Ming raised his eyebrows. “Become stronger.”
“Not for that purpose.
“It’s for health.
“Or for bodybuilding.
“Or for combat.”
“Is there a difference?”
“The difference is great.”
Wang Xiong sighed and said, “In order to strengthen your body, there’s no problem with your fitness method. You can even reduce your strength slightly. Forget about HUT and squatting, even if you walk more every day, it can strengthen your body.
“If it’s for the sake of shaping and bodybuilding, although your plan is simple, there’s not much of a problem. Shaping and bodybuilding emphasizes the dimension of muscles. Generally speaking, the exercise methods used are the kind we come into contact with in the gym. You train your chest on Monday and your back on Tuesday.”
Lu Ming hurriedly nodded. “That’s the method I used.”
“Then do you know the advantages and disadvantages of this method?” Wang
Xiong asked with a smile. Lu Ming shook his head in confusion. “I don’t know.”
“The advantage of this method is that it divides the various muscle areas of the human body. Through targeted stimulation and protein replenishment, it allows the muscles to maximize their dimension and strength in the shortest time.
“To put it bluntly, it’s all about aesthetics.
“It can’t be said that this method is wrong. On the contrary, most weightlifters use this method. Because this method can indeed maximize the strength and explosive power of muscles. In other words, it will increase strength.
“However, the coordination is lacking, and it is not conducive to real-life combat situations.
“The human body is a whole.
“Excessive muscle circumference would cause physical incoordination.
“The strength of bodybuilders is quite terrifying. Their absolute strength definitely far exceeds that of ordinary people. But in terms of actual combat ability, although they are definitely stronger than ordinary people, they are not necessarily stronger than people like us.”
As he spoke, Wang Xiong pulled up his clothes.
One could see that Wang Xiong’s figure was quite outstanding.
His well-defined muscles and the separation of his eight-pack abs were also quite pleasing to the eye.
However, the muscle size was not overly large, and they were not blocky but rather had a streamlined shape.
“If your goal in exercising is for combat and fighting, then pursuing fitness in a bodybuilding manner might not be the most advisable approach.
“So what you should be thinking about now is the question I raised just now.
“What’s the purpose of your fitness?”
Lu Ming thought for three seconds and gave a definite answer. “Combat and fighting.”
Lu Ming did not need aesthetics, but he needed muscles to protect himself.
The purpose of farming his three-dimensional attributes was also for better combat, ensuring his own safety and survival.
This answer was not beyond Wang Xiong’s expectations.
He nodded and said, “Take the free combat I practiced as an example.
“Practicing mixed martial arts, daily training is crucial and the volume is quite high! However, we rarely do equipment-based exercises—for example, weighted squats or bench presses. They do exist, but they are rare and seldom done with maximum weight.
“The main training method primarily involved bodyweight training.
“Air target shooting, practical combat training, body tempering energy, balance training, reaction ability training, as well as explosive exercises like fast push-ups and pull-ups.
“In summary, the focus was on using bodyweight exercises rather than heavy weights.”
“The benefit of bodyweight training lies in its ability to stimulate various aspects of the body. Although bodyweight training may not be as efficient for muscle hypertrophy compared to weighted training, it is greatly beneficial to the coordination of the body and is more suitable for practical combat scenarios.”
Wang Xiong continued, “Initially, bodyweight training was not suitable for you anymore because your strength was too high, and your bodyweight couldn’t provide a challenging workout. However, now that you have Zhang Chengcheng’s superpower as support, I think bodyweight training is more suitable for you than equipment training.
“How about this? I’ll teach you the mixed martial arts training method. With Chengcheng around, I think the training effect won’t be worse than your own improvised training method.”
Lu Ming immediately nodded. “Thank you, brother.”
Lu Ming was happy to listen to Wang Xiong’s guidance and was willing to accept it.
Without Zhang Chengcheng, Wang Xiong’s training theory would definitely not be suitable for Lu Ming.
But now, with Zhang Chengcheng around, things were different.
Wang Xiong returned to his room to create a workout plan for Lu Ming.
Zhang Chengcheng, exhausted and out of breath, also went to her room to rest.
After some contemplation, Lu Ming returned home and went up to the second floor. He came to his desk, picked up his notebook, and began writing.
Brother Wang Xiong’s words had touched me deeply.
I have to admit that Wang Xiong made a valid point.
The training methods differ significantly between focusing on practical combat and molding.
With Zhang Chengcheng’s assistance, I should be able to engage in bodyweight training. I felt a certain level of comfort during the recent session, and I believe bodyweight training is more suitable for me at the moment.
There’s no harm in giving it a try.
Lu Ming stopped writing. He bit the tip of the pen and thought for a moment before writing again.
What is fitness?
Wang Xiong is right. A walk is a fitness exercise, an equipment exercise is a fitness exercise, and self-respect training is also a fitness exercise.
Fitness has to be combined with physical conditions, equipment conditions, current situation, goals, and various other factors. It’s definitely not a simple imitation of a model or rigid training according to a fixed method.
At this point, Lu Ming suddenly felt something.
He opened the attribute panel and a line of words entered Lu Ming’s eyes.
You’ve just seen the true essence of fitness.
Your fitness skill level has increased!
Name: Lu Ming
Age: 25 years old
Strength: 31.3 (32.5) T
Physique: 31.8 (33) f
Agility: 33-7 (34-9) t
Fitness Lv. 7 (0/700): Maximum attribute points obtained every day increased by 0.7 points..


CHAPTER-43
Chapter 43: Lu Ming: I Also Know About Favors

The increase in attributes was expected.
The greater surprise was the increase in the level of fitness skills.
From Level 4 (350/400) to Level 7 (0/700) in one go!
The improvement was huge.
In a daze, Lu Ming thought of more.
“Fitness shouldn’t be rigid. Fitness should be integrated into daily life. Doing housework is fitness, walking on foot is fitness, sitting on a chair when you’re tired, standing up and stretching is also fitness. Even doing a squat when walking is also fitness!
“Fitness is all about strengthening your body.”
It was a little like returning to nature.
In a good mood, Lu Ming picked up the bow and arrow by the table and started target practice.
Lu Ming mumbled as he shot arrows.
“Isn’t this also a form of fitness?”
On the attribute panel, the words ‘Fitness Lv7 (0/700)’ slowly squirmed and finally stopped at ‘Fitness Lv7 (3/700)’!
At noon, Lu Ming raised his archery to Lv8 (0/800).
Agility increased by 0.8 points.
It was worth noting that the proficiency of fitness skills had also increased to a certain extent to Level 7 (20/700).
Fitness skills were far more important than other skills. Now that Lu Ming had found an additional way to increase the proficiency of fitness skills, he was simply overjoyed.
He made himself a sumptuous lunch.
It was not until lunch was over that Lu Ming thought of something.
On the second floor, he opened the window and saw the survivors still working hard outside.
In the morning, more than one-fifth of the zombie corpses scattered on the ground had been cleaned up. This was already an impressive result of labor.
He looked at the person closest to him.
“Hey, big brother, your name is Yang Guan, right?”
When Yang Guan heard Lu Ming’s call, he hurriedly ran to the window.
“It’s me, Brother Lu. What’s wrong?”
“Nothing. Have you had lunch?”
At the mention of lunch, Yang Guan’s face stiffened and he subconsciously rubbed his stomach.
“N-no…”
There was not much food reserve here to begin with.
According to Wang Xiong’s intentions, they would return to the Zhang family’s gathering place to get food this morning, but they were delayed by Lu Ming’s matter.
Zhang Chengcheng was still lying on the bed and sleeping soundly. Wang Xiong was also working overtime to help Lu Ming organize his fitness arrangements. Naturally, he did not have the time to find anything to eat.
Hearing this expected answer, Lu Ming nodded gently.
“Call everyone over. I’ll get you something to eat.”
With that, he closed the window.
Lu Ming would never take advantage of others for nothing.
He respected the efforts of everyone involved.
Zhang Chengcheng had used her superpower to help him train, which had helped him a lot.
Wang Xiong even provided professional fitness advice, and his assistance was even reflected in his attribute panel, showcasing the impact he had on Lu Ming’s progress..
Although he could help him for free, Lu Ming did not want to take advantage of him. He did not know much about relationships, but at the very least, he understood the simple chain of favors, where others helped you and you helped others in return..
Yesterday, Lu Ming had heard Zhang Chengcheng say that they were going to find food today. What did this mean?
This meant that they did not have enough food.
In the morning, they helped him. Logically speaking, he had to help them solve some problems that he could solve.
For example, food.
Five bags of flour, five bags of rice, and five boxes of canned food were moved from the second floor to the first floor by Lu Ming.
Standing at the top of the stairs, Lu Ming looked back at the empty second floor. At this point, the supplies on the second floor had been exhausted.
Feeling heartache was inevitable.
But it was a little heartache.
His character made Lu Ming not dwell too much on the problem of food.
When he arrived at the door and opened it, he saw Zhang Lixin, Yang Guan, Qin Lie, and Wei Jiming.
“Take these and eat them first. If it’s not enough, come find me.”
After handing the supplies to Zhang Lixin and the other three, Lu Ming saw joy on their faces.
Zhang Lixin: “Thank you, Brother Lu. This food would help us a lot.”
Lu Ming nodded lightly and turned around to close the door without any pleasantries.
After lunch break, he felt refreshed with all attributes fully restored.
After waking up, Lu Ming washed his face and planned to increase his archery proficiency in the afternoon.
However, he heard the doorbell ring.
When he arrived at the door and turned on the electronic screen, he saw Wang Xiong standing outside.
“Brother Lu, thank you so much for the food.”
Wang Xiong said gratefully.
As a Level 2 Awakened, Wang Xiong had a huge appetite to begin with. To be honest, he had not been able to fill his stomach properly for the past two days. The last time he had filled his stomach was at the Zhang family’s gathering place.
This afternoon, he ate a whole ten catties of rice in one go and felt that his mind was clear and his stamina was good.
“It’s nothing,” Lu Ming said calmly.
It was indeed heartbreaking to give away supplies, but compared to the help Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng had given him, Lu Ming felt that the supplies were worth it.
“By the way, Brother Wang, my fitness plan…”
“It’s not done yet. A professional fitness plan needs to vary from person to person. It’s impossible to do it rigidly. I thought about it all morning today and felt that instead of making a rigid fitness plan for you, why don’t I train with you every morning in the future?”
This was called professionalism!
Merely having a workout plan was not enough; the best approach was personalized guidance, emphasizing attention to detail and thoughtfulness.
Lu Ming immediately grinned. “That would be great!”
With that, he was about to hang up when Wang Xiong called out to Lu Ming.
“Actually, there’s one more thing. Brother Lu, you gave us so much food at noon. Wasn’t your food supply also insufficient?”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and nodded. “There isn’t much left.”
There was only half a year of supply left—this was the result calculated based on Lu Ming’s current appetite.
In the future, as Lu Ming became stronger, his appetite would definitely increase. Therefore, when Lu Ming said that there was not enough food, he was not lying, or exaggerating for vanity.
That was indeed what he thought.
“Then Brother Lu, do you have anything else to do in the afternoon? Are you interested in coming with us to stock up?”
“Restocking?”
“Yes, I’m going to the Zhang family’s gathering place to get food. There are a lot of food reserves there.”
Inside the door, Lu Ming could not help but fall into deep thought.
It was the same old saying.
Food was a big problem.
As his appetite increased, Lu Ming would encounter a food crisis sooner or later.
Just the reserves at home were not enough for Lu Ming to completely stay indoors and grind his attributes for the rest of his life.
In fact, he was already prepared. Sooner or later, his house would run out of food. At that time, Lu Ming would have no choice but to go out.
But he had indeed never thought of leaving his house now.
Just as he was about to reject Wang Xiong, Lu Ming changed his mind.
It didn’t seem impossible to go out now…
Living zombies would evolve. The later he went out, the more powerful and dangerous the zombies outside would be.
Moreover, most food had expiry dates.
It had been less than a month since the apocalypse arrived. It was relatively easy to go out and find food now. The later they went, the less edible food they could eat, and the more difficult it was to find food.
The two thoughts of going out and not going out kept intersecting.
In the end, Lu Ming chose a compromise.
“Give me a week, okay?”


CHAPTER-44
Chapter 44: Wang Xiong’s Guidance

“Give me a week, okay?”
Wang Xiong:”???”
He had to admit that he was a little confused about Lu Ming’s train of thought.
He was just going out to find something to eat.
The location was clear. It was just a matter of going back and forth.
As an Awakened, he was not afraid of zombies. Moreover, Lu Ming was so strong that he could instantly kill a hunter. Was there a need to be so conflicted?
Seeing Wang Xiong’s puzzled expression, Lu Ming thought for a moment and gave a rare explanation.
“Brother Wang, you also know that my superpower is special. I become stronger every day.
“If I go out now, to be honest, I don’t know the situation outside. Although I’ve killed many zombies, I think I mainly have the geographical advantage. It’s hard to predict what I’ll encounter outside or what sudden situations may arise. One wrong move could lead to life-threatening danger.”
Wang Xiong:”…”
He wanted to say that the outside world was really not that dangerous for you, and he heard Lu Ming saying, “So I have to prepare for a week. I think there won’t be a problem if I go out after a week.”
It was mainly because Lu Ming wanted to increase his three-dimensional attributes to about 50 points.
With such attributes, Lu Ming could feel a trace of security when he went out.
Wang Xiong continued to remain silent until Lu Ming finally said, “As for the food for this week, I’ll cover it all.”
He was his personal fitness trainer and even provided him with gravity superpowers. He even helped clean the streets. It was not too much to provide food for him.
Wang Xiong immediately nodded. “Since Brother Lu has said so, we’ll accompany Brother Lu for another week.”
There’s nothing else to say if you’re the one who provides the food…
After that, everyone went about their own business.
Wang Xiong and the others collected the corpses and did research.
Meanwhile, Lu Ming was farming archery proficiency at home.
The next day.
In other words, Monday, the 23rd day of the Apocalypse Calendar.
At eight in the morning, Lu Ming, Zhang Chengcheng, and Wang Xiong gathered at the empty space in front of Lu Ming’s house, preparing to start the day’s exercise.
Lu Ming was the main one, Zhang Chengcheng used her superpower to assist, and Wang Xiong was the guide.
“Today’s exercise: First, a warm-up. But according to your physical condition, Brother Lu, I think warm-up and endurance training can be put together.”
With that, Wang Xiong handed over a jump rope and a weighted suit.
The weighted suit weighed 30 kilograms. It would not affect the movement of the joints, but the weight was indeed real.
More importantly, the combination of weighted suit and gravity manipulation ability yielded better results.
After putting on the weighted suit and taking the jump rope, Zhang Chengcheng activated her superpower and adjusted it to 10 times.
Lu Ming started jumping.
As he jumped, Wang Xiong said, “Jump rope is a good warm-up exercise. The warm-up effect is not necessarily better than running, but jumping rope can train the body’s coordination and balance more than running.”
“If you feel that jumping rope with both feet is a little boring, you can also change to some fancy jumping methods. The training effect will be better.”
Lu Ming definitely knew how to jump rope.
However, Lu Ming was not very familiar with fancy skipping.
Fortunately, with Wang Xiong’s guidance, Lu Ming could switch back and forth between normal and fancy jumps in a few minutes.
His attributes began to increase.
The fitness skill proficiency also jumped.
After 10 minutes, Lu Ming felt that his body had been activated, and the warm-up effect was perfect.
But as long as Wang Xiong did not call for a stop, Lu Ming kept going without pause.
Twenty minutes later, beads of sweat had already begun to appear on Lu Ming’s forehead.
Wang Xiong still did not call for a stop.
Thirty minutes later, Lu Ming began to pant heavily. He looked at Zhang Chengcheng opposite him and saw that Zhang Chengcheng was beginning to struggle to maintain her superpower.
“Still not stopping?”
He couldn’t possibly jump rope all day, right?
Wang Xiong said with a cold expression, “Continue.”
Lu Ming continued.
Forty minutes.
Fifty minutes.
Until an hour later.
“Stop!”
With Wang Xiong’s order, Lu Ming immediately stopped.
Zhang Chengcheng’s legs went weak and she slumped to the ground. However, she immediately flipped her pocket and took out a Level 1 zombie crystal from it and stuffed it into her mouth.
Facing Lu Ming’s curious gaze, Wang Xiong smiled and said, “Cheng Cheng’s superpower level is still a little low. It can’t help you exercise for a long time. Last night, we tested it and found that zombie crystals can replenish the physical fitness and superpower strength of an Awakened.”
This was good news for Lu Ming.
“You should rest for a while too, but it’s not a complete rest. Even without the help of superpower, you should continue jumping. Take it as a rest.”
Lu Ming nodded. “Okay.”
He controlled his strength and continued to jump rope. However, without the help of the gravity manipulation ability, this intensity of movement was no different from breathing to Lu Ming.
About ten minutes later, Zhang Chengcheng stood up, looking quite energetic.
Wang Xiong said, “Fifteen times gravity, variation jump rope. Jump once a second, jump ten times, and then jump the rope as fast as possible for a minute. Then slow down for half a minute and jump as fast as possible for a minute.
“I’ll give you instructions. You follow my rhythm.”
Lu Ming nodded. “Okay.”
If the previous hour of jumping rope was just a warm-up, the strength of the next variation jump rope immediately increased.
Under the suppression of 15 times gravity, Lu Ming’s sports performance was only slightly stronger than that of an ordinary person. Coupled with the suppression of the weighted suit, every time he jumped rope at the highest speed, Lu Ming felt as if his heart was about to explode.
After half an hour, Zhang Chengcheng collapsed again. Lu Ming was so tired that he panted and could not straighten his back.
“Don’t rest. You have to continue jumping even without the help of your superpower. This is your way of resting.”
Lu Ming wiped his sweat and did as he was told.
Another ten minutes later, Lu Ming began his strength training under 15 times gravity.
Squats, duck steps, quick push-ups, turns and sit-ups.
This phase lasted for a full 40 minutes.
Sweat drenched his clothes.
Zhang Chengcheng began to take the corpse crystals again and rest until she caught her breath. Lu Ming saw Wang Xiong standing in front of him, cupping his fists and assuming a posture.
Lu Ming:”???”
Wang Xiong smiled and said, “Practical sparring.”
“Of course, I have to have some advantage. You will spar with me in a weighted suit under 10 times the gravity.”
Lu Ming: “Is this also part of the fitness plan?”
Wang Xiong nodded and said, “Practical sparring is actually the best way to exercise. In combat, it can greatly train your stamina, explosive power, reflexes, and so on. Moreover, your muscles also need to withstand blows to become stronger and stronger.”
After saying that, Wang Xiong continued, “Besides, are you really not interested in mixed martial arts?”
Lu Ming was too interested…
His interest was piqued.
Even though his body was tired, Lu Ming still moved his limbs and said solemnly to Wang Xiong, “Please enlighten me.”
It was more like Wang Xiong feeding Lu Ming moves than actual combat training.
He only defended and did not attack. From time to time, he would point out which aspect of Lu Ming’s strength was problematic and which aspect he could do better.
Anyway, Lu Ming felt that Wang Xiong was a very good teacher.
This could be seen from the feedback from the attribute panel after the training.
Name: Lu Ming
Age: 25 years old
Strength: 33-5 (347) T
Physique: 34 (35-2) T
Agility: 35-7 (36.9) 1
Fitness Lv7 (190/700)
The proficiency of the fitness skill had increased by a total of 150 points! It was three times more than before!
Moreover, under Wang Xiong’s feeding moves, Lu Ming’s unarmed combat had also improved greatly.
From Level 9 to Level 10 (152/1000)!
Strength and stamina increased by 1 point each.
During the whole morning, Lu Ming had made tremendous progress..


CHAPTER-45
Chapter 45: Breaking Through 50!

They had a good lunch.
After his afternoon nap, Wang Xiong came to his door and said that he and Zhang Chengcheng were going out to find some food to reduce the pressure on Lu Ming’s supplies and hunt giant zombies to obtain zombie crystals.
Food was a good thing, and so were zombie crystals.
Lu Ming expressed that they could go without worry. With him watching over this side, there would be no problems.
After Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng left, Lu Ming opened the window on the second floor. As he shot arrows at the target, he scanned the streets from the corner of his eye like a ferocious tiger patrolling its territory.
Since the last zombie wave, sporadic zombies and even giant zombies had appeared on the streets, but they were either killed by Wang Xiong or shot by Lu Ming.
This caused the number of zombies near this street to decrease. Now, the survivors in the gathering place, even if they made a little more noise, would not easily attract the zombies.
In fact, from the bottom of his heart, Lu Ming hoped to encounter some scattered zombies, which would be good help for Lu Ming to train his skills.
However, there really did not seem to be any zombies nearby.
Even Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng had not encountered a situation of being surrounded by a zombie wave recently.
It was another afternoon without zombies.
In the evening, Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng returned, announcing that the peaceful day was coming to an end.
24th day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Tuesday.
Today is the second day of my training exercise under Wang Xiong.
I have to admit that having someone to take care of the fitness and not having someone to take care of it are two completely different concepts.
Not only did Wang Xiong provide me with professional sports guidance, but he also taught me the key techniques of mixed martial arts and my close combat experience.
This morning’s exercise was fulfilling and interesting. In addition to the gains in basic attributes and fitness skill proficiency, the experience points of unarmed combat are also increasing rapidly.
I have to give Wang Xiong a thumbs up.
Zhang Chengcheng came to see me at dinner today.
She told me that she and Wang Xiong went to the Zhang family’s gathering place in the afternoon.
The Zhang family’s gathering place hasn’t changed much. There are still so many zombies piled in the courtyard.
And the cellar where the food was stored is in the courtyard. There’s no sign of it being opened, which means that the food inside should still be intact.
According to the original plan, we should have set off in a week to clean up the zombies in the Zhang family’s gathering place and retrieve the food.
But after Wang Xiong confirmed that there were no hunters, the two of them took the lead.
The pitiful zombies were swept away—Zhang Chengcheng was the main force.
A gravitational field went down and corpses were everywhere…
Her superpower is really terrifying. She can even suppress me to Wang Xiong’s level. It’s obvious how terrifying she is.
But that’s not the point. The point is that I don’t seem to have to go out anymore… I wonder if this is something to celebrate.
I thought this matter would end here, but I didn’t expect Zhang Chengcheng to say that there are a lot of supplies in the gathering place over there. It’s too time-consuming and labor-intensive to transport them manually.
They plan to go to the village entrance first to retrieve the military vehicles and weapons left behind by the army before considering retrieving the supplies.
When the time comes, I might have to do it myself.
It’s a reasonable choice.
Today’s attribute record: (omitted)…
25th day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Wednesday.
After the exercise this morning, Wang Xiong went to the village entrance himself.
During this period, Wang Xiong brought the zombies back twice and was shot by me. It could be considered as opening the passageway between home and the village entrance.
After lunch break, Wang Xiong brought Zhang Lixin and the other three men to drive back the military vehicle.
The sound of the car moving attracted some zombies—but not many. I killed them one by one with my bow and arrow.
I have to say that bows and arrows are indeed not as useful as slingshots… But in order to farm skills and attributes, I still have to find time to use them.
Today’s attribute record:
Name: Lu Ming
Age: 25 years old
Strength: 39.6
Physique: 40.1
Agility: 40.3
Fitness Lvy (590/700).
Slingshot Lvi3 (1269/1300).
Crossbow Shooting Lv2 (5/200).
Archery Lv9 (53/900)
Hand-to-hand combat Lvi2 (599/1200)
Cold Weapon Combat Lvio (0/1000)
Throw Lv2 (26/200)
26th day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Thursday.
Morning exercise.
In the afternoon, I stood at the window and chatted with Wang Xiong, Zhang Lixin, and the others.
I think military vehicles are very important. In the future, when we travel and collect supplies, we have to rely on these four military vehicles. I think the armor of the military vehicles needs to be thickened, the sound of the engines needs to be lowered, and some shooting holes need to be made.
Wang Xiong and Bro Soldier also think that what I said makes sense. It’s not urgent to transport supplies. If you want to do a good job, you have to sharpen your tools first.
Bro Soldier will take the lead, and Wang Xiong will be the assistant. The two of them are preparing to modify a reliable military vehicle first.
What’s worth mentioning is that Bro Soldier gave me a rifle today, the kind with a silencer! It’s just that there aren’t many bullets and there’s no replenishment. I have to use it sparingly. I tried it and successfully activated the skill Firearm Shooting Lvi.
Firearm Shooting Lvi (0/100): You have mastered the initial shooting technique of the Firearm. Agility increased by 0.1 point.
But I don’t think guns are as useful as slingshots…
Today’s attribute record: (omitted)…
27th day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Friday.
Morning exercise.
Nothing to do in the afternoon.
Today’s attribute record: (omitted)…
Day 28 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Saturday.
Morning exercise.
In the afternoon, Bro Soldier and Wang Xiong modified a car. Today, I went out for a rare trip and tried the shooting position of the military car—it feels pretty good.
The modified shooting position is above the back seat of the car. Standing in the back seat, you can extend your upper body out of the car and start shooting. If you encounter any danger, you can also retreat into the car in time.
With this car, I feel that the risk of going out can be reduced by about 1%.
Oh, right, there’s one more thing. I don’t have enough ammunition on hand, so I asked Bro Soldier to help me make some arrows, pellets, and discus for throwing. They readily agreed—to the Bro Soldier who can make hunter slingshots, making ammunition is really just a small matter.
Today’s attribute record: (omitted)…
Day 29 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Sunday.
Morning exercise.
In the afternoon, Bro Soldier sent over the prepared ammunition. 300 pellets, 30 arrows and crossbow bolts each, and some discuses.
But strangely, his face was a little red… he himself said that he was not feeling well.
At night, Zhang Chengcheng came and said that Bro Soldier fell ill with a fever. I brought him some fever medicine, but I don’t know if it will work.
I pray that Bro Soldier is fine. Because he is a good person.
Today’s attribute record:
Name: Lu Ming
Age: 25 years old
Strength: 50.4
Physique: 51.1
Agility: 48
Fitness Lv8 (700/800)
Others: omitted.
Strength and stamina exceed 50!
This is a milestone breakthrough!
I feel like I’m full of power!


CHAPTER-46
Chapter 46: Simba: It’s Never Too Late for a Gentleman to Take Revenge

Day 30 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Monday.
After breakfast, Lu Ming went out to start training, but he did not expect to see Zhang Lixin jumping around at the door.
Seeing Lu Ming, Zhang Lixin grinned. “Thank you for the fever medicine yesterday.”
Lu Ming nodded gently. “As long as it’s useful.”
After interacting with them for a few days, Lu Ming felt that Wang Xiong and the others were all good people.
He did not want anything to happen to them.
Hearing Lu Ming’s words, Zhang Lixin jumped on the spot twice and said happily despite his distress, “It’s a pity that it wasn’t a fever yesterday…” Lu Ming:”???”
His temperature was already so high, but it was not a fever?
Looking at Zhang Lixin, he realized that Bro Soldier could not stop jumping around…
“Do you want to exercise with me too?”
Lu Ming asked in confusion and heard Wang Xiong’s stifled laughter not far away. “That’s indeed not a fever. That’s an awakening.”
Lu Ming was enlightened.
You don’t speak directly, and you bounce around here. What are you acting like ariddlerfor?
Lu Ming muttered a congratulatory word and then ignored Zhang Lixin.
Instead, Zhang Lixin leaned forward excitedly. “Brother Lu, it’s good to awaken. It’s really good to awaken!
“I am a soldier and yet I needed the commoners to protect me, and usually I could only assist you in a limited capacity. I’m also anxious. Now that I’m an Awakened, I can finally play a bigger role in the future.
“By the way, Brother Lu, I’m preparing to advance to Level 2 today. I’ll have to rely on you for safety matters.”
Wang Xiong still had a lot of Level 1 zombie crystals.
It was enough to push Zhang Lixin to Level 2.
Lu Ming nodded and said, “With me here, you can rest assured.”
A Level 2 Awakened could awaken superpowers. Compared to Level 1, it was a qualitative change. It was naturally a good thing that Zhang Lixin could increase his strength. Moreover, Lu Ming indeed needed to shoot zombies to increase his skill proficiency. Currently, most of his skills could not be upgraded just by shooting targets anymore.
“But not until after my morning exercise.”
Zhang Lixin immediately nodded. “Definitely.”
Lu Ming was the stabilizing force here.
Everyone knew that his superpower was very special. Exercising could increase the strength of his body. So, currently, Lu Ming’s morning exercise was the top priority of the gathering place. In the face of this matter, everything else had to take a back seat.
Soon, Zhang Chengcheng also arrived.
Lu Ming, Wang Xiong, and Zhang Chengcheng began today’s exercise.
11 a.m.
The tiring but fulfilling morning came to an end.
Lu Ming opened the attribute panel and carefully examined his various attributes.
Name: Lu Ming
Age: 25 years old
Strength: 52.1 (53-5) T
Physique: 52.8 (54.2) f
Agility: 48 (49.4) t
Fitness Lv9 (122/900): Maximum attribute points obtained every day increased by 0.4 point
Slingshot Lvi4 (241/1400)
Crossbow Shooting Lv2 (5/200)
Archery Lvio (222/1000)
Gun Shooting Lvi (2/100)
Hand-to-hand combat Lvi7 (662/1700)
Cold Weapon Combat Lvio (0/1000)
ThrowLv2(26/200)
It had been an entire month since the apocalypse arrived.
And Lu Ming’s attributes were becoming more and more inhumane.
After getting some food for Wang Xiong and the others, Lu Ming went home. He complained as he was making lunch, “My appetite is becoming more and more inhumane…”
He could now eat a meal equivalent to the rations of the past week. The time taken to eat was getting longer and longer, and the time taken to cook was also getting longer and longer.
However, this did not matter for the time being. What was important was that the pressure on resources was indeed increasing.
After dinner, Lu Ming finally made a decision.
“I have to go out and replenish some supplies.”
In fact, other than Lu Ming, everyone else was already prepared to go out.
Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng often went out, so they were quite familiar with the situation outside.
Zhang Lixin had also modified the military vehicle and prepared abundant ammunition for Lu Ming.
Over the past week, Yang Guan and the others had also been busy surrounding Lu Ming’s house and the Zombie Strike Formation. They had roughly built the embryonic form of the colony’s defense. The planning could not be said to be professional, but it was quite impressive.
Now that Zhang Lixin had become an Awakened and was about to become a Level 2 Awakened, even if Lu Ming, Wang Xiong, and Zhang Chengcheng went out, the safety of the colony was guaranteed.
After lunch break, he felt refreshed with all attributes fully obtained.
He went up to the second floor and opened the window. He nodded at Zhang Lixin under the window and saw that Zhang Lixin immediately began to take the zombie crystals. He could not wait to break through.
After swallowing ten consecutive pills, Zhang Lixin closed his eyes slightly and felt the heat rising from his body.
One could see that Zhang Lixin’s body seemed to be softening—his arms were sometimes long and sometimes short, like rubber.
The others did not pay attention to Zhang Lixin.
Everyone was focused on guarding against the zombie wave.
However, reality was different from what he had imagined.
One hour…
Two hours…
Three hours…
By dinner time, the zombie wave had yet to arrive.
Lu Ming had no choice but to sigh. As he put down the slingshot, he said to the people below, “They might not come. I think we seem to have cleaned up the surrounding zombies.”
They all nodded.
Because this was the only possible explanation.
On a tall building outside Good Hope Village.
Sensing the alluring aura coming from not far away, Simba growled.
He could see that the zombies in all directions instantly fell silent under Simba’s low roar, not daring to make too much noise.
There were even two Class 2 hunters!
After warning his lackeys, Simba looked up in the direction of Lu Ming’s house.
Simba’s eyes flashed, and he grinned.
“Oh-ho-ho-ho.”
(Ridiculous mortal, trying to tempt Simba the Great! With Simba’s intelligence, how could I not know that this was a trap you set for me!?)
Simba shuddered uncontrollably at the memory of that night’s nightmare, but raised his head again. “Roar!”
(It’s never too late for a gentleman to take revenge. The day I advance… No, the day I advance two levels will be the day I reign over this small village again!)
It could already sense that it was not far from advancing.
However, even though he was about to become a Level 3 zombie and had subdued a large zombie horde, Simba still had a heartfelt fear of the person in Good Hope Village.
The will of a high-level zombie could not be sensed by humans, but it was transmitted in all directions.
From above, the people could see that the zombies in Good Hope Village were actually slowly withdrawing from Good Hope Village, as if there was some even more terrifying monster in Good Hope Village…
This was the fundamental reason why Zhang Lixin’s advancement did not trigger the zombie tide.
Finally, he gazed affectionately at Good Hope Village for a moment.
Simba let out an “oh ho ho ho ho” sound.
Hence, the zombies began to move away from Good Hope Village and the city center..


CHAPTER-47
Chapter 47: Material Modeling and Departure

At night, everyone stood in front of Lu Ming’s house and watched Zhang Lixin perform his superpower.
“I named my superpower the Material Modeling. The effect is to change the shape of matter, such as this.”
He casually grabbed a dumbbell piece. With just a pinch from Zhang Lixin’s hand, the dumbbell plates quickly transformed, and soon turned into nearly perfect spherical shapes.
The magical scene made everyone present cheer and clap crazily.
Especially Lu Ming. He clapped louder than anyone else.
“Great, Brother Zhang, this superpower is too good! I might have to trouble Brother Zhang to make weapons in the future.”
The first thing Lu Ming thought of was weapons and ammunition.
It was not enough to have only one hunter slingshot. Recently, Lu Ming had discovered that the hunter slingshot was showing signs of being pulled apart again. He had to make a few more to have no worries.
Needless to say, ammunition consumed a lot of energy.
Zhang Lixin nodded solemnly. “Alright, leave your weapons and ammunition to me in the future.”
Wang Xiong interrupted at an inappropriate time.
“It’s just that I think this superpower seems to have stronger auxiliary capabilities, but the direct combat ability seems to be somewhat average…”
The atmosphere instantly grew tense.
In the morning, Zhang Lixin had just said that he wanted to protect everyone with the power of an Awakened. But in the evening,when he saw the superpower, Wang Xiong spoke these words.
Now that I’ve become an Awakened, and here I am, Zhang Lixin, still relegated to a support role?
How do I avoid losing face?
Zhang Lixin stopped smiling and instead glared at Wang Xiong. Wang Xiong, feeling embarrassed, scratched his head.
Zhang Chengcheng’s gentle voice sounded at the right moment. “What’s wrong with being a support? Everyone says that my gravity superpower is very strong, but in the end, I’m just supporting Brother Lu’s training, right?”
Zhang Lixin looked at Zhang Chengcheng approvingly.
Little sister, you really know how to talk.
In any case, the lively evening came to an end.
The next day.
Day 31 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Tuesday.
After the morning exercise and lunch break, Lu Ming began to rummage through boxes and cabinets.
Because today was a very important day.
Lu Ming was going out.
For food.
Name: Lu Ming
Strength: 54-9
Physique: 55.6
Agility: 50.8
His three-dimensional attributes had thoroughly exceeded 50 points, giving Lu Ming the confidence to go out.
But despite the confidence, he could not afford to neglect the necessary preparations.
He put on a thick leather coat, wore leather gloves that did not hinder his shooting actions, and after some thought, Lu Ming also put on a yellow safety helmet.
He strapped a bow and arrows to his back, took a slingshot, grabbed a silenced rifle, a fire ax, a baseball bat, and a dagger. Finally, he thought it would be better to take everything and even brought the crossbow and bolts.
Carrying sufficient ammunition and iron discus for throwing, Lu Ming walked out of the door with a large bag that was taller than himself.
“Click, click, click, click, click.”
After unlocking the five locks, Lu Ming saw the military vehicle at the door, with Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng in the driver and front passenger seats.
When their six eyes met, Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng could not help but be stunned.
It was not until Lu Ming got into the car that Wang Xiong said helplessly, “Brother, it’s really not that dangerous.”
However, before Lu Ming could respond, Zhang Chengcheng said thoughtfully, “Brother Lu is well-prepared and that’s a good thing. After all, we don’t know if a high-level zombie will suddenly appear outside. Better safe than sorry.”
Lu Ming nodded in agreement. “There’s no harm in being careful.”
Wang Xiong waved to Zhang Lixin, who was outside the car. “The safety of our house depends on you.”
With that, he stepped on the accelerator and the car drove towards the depths of Good Hope Village.
Leaving home, Lu Ming felt a sense of insecurity.
However, the sturdy military vehicle made Lu Ming feel somewhat better.
Soon, the vehicle drove out of Guangping Street.
Guangping Street was the street where Lu Ming’s house was located. With the active participation of Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng, there were no more zombies in Guangping Street—it had been designated as a safe area by the group.
Once they left Guangping Street, it was equivalent to leaving the safe zone.
Lu Ming could not help but tense up and he was attentive to any slight movement. Even the carefree Wang Xiong became cautious.
Zhang Chengcheng said, “The target this time is the Zhang family’s gathering place. I’ve already cleared out the zombies inside. We’ll go there, collect the supplies, load them into the vehicles, and leave. That’s the plan.
“However, Wang Xiong and I haven’t really cleared the zombies along the way from our gathering place to the Zhang family’s gathering place. The reason why we didn’t bring anyone else this time is to clean up the streets along the way. When we’re done sweeping the streets, all our four vehicles will move together, and we’ll be able to take all the supplies from there in just a few trips.”
Upon hearing this, Lu Ming could not help but raise his eyebrows. “Are there really that many supplies over there?”
Zhang Chengcheng nodded. “We did prepare a lot of supplies in the past.”
While they were chatting, the sound of their vehicle attracted the attention of the zombies.
Seeing this, Lu Ming took a deep breath, opened the shooting hole, and crawled out.
“Pa!”
“Pa!”
After two shots, the zombies fell to the ground.
Upon closer observation, Lu Ming squinted and crawled back into the car. “There don’t seem to be many zombies…”
Good Hope Village was densely populated. As a village close to the center of Nanxiang City, it was home to a large number of migrant workers.
Therefore, the density of zombies in this place was definitely not low.
However, they had been driving for nearly three minutes, and had only encountered two zombies. This phenomenon made Lu Ming feel uneasy.
In contrast, Wang Xiong casually said, “Isn’t it a good thing to have fewer zombies?”
Zhang Chengcheng responded, “Fewer zombies means fewer evolved zombies. Then how are we Awakeneds supposed to level up?”
That statement left Wang Xiong puzzled.
Lu Ming said, “Forget it, let’s not dwell on this issue for now. Food is much more important than zombies.”
Wang Xiong nodded and continued, “Survivors are much more important than zombies. We really don’t have enough people in our gathering place.”
If no one is doing any work, how can we talk about development?
In any case, Wang Xiong still had ambitions for the current gathering place at Lu Ming’s family.
He wanted to save people, to become everyone’s hero, and even more so to create a safe haven for the survivors.
And all of this not only required exceptional top experts like Lu Ming, but also relied on core forces like Wang Xiong, Zhang Chengcheng, and Zhang Lixin. It also needed numerous ordinary people like Yang Guan and Qin Lie.
About half an hour later, the military vehicle successfully stopped in front of the gate of the Zhang family’s gathering place.
The number of zombies they encountered along the way was fewer than 10.
Looking inside from the big iron gate, they could see countless zombie corpses scattered on the ground—this was all Zhang Chengcheng’s doing.
They opened the gate and walked along the muddy path to the entrance of the underground cellar. Standing in front of the cellar entrance, Zhang Chengcheng suddenly frowned.
“Something’s not right. The lock has been broken.”
When she came two days ago, Zhang Chengcheng was certain that the big lock on the cellar was securely in place. But now the lock was twisted like a pretzel.
Opening the cellar door, Zhang Chengcheng took the lead and went down. A moment later, Zhang Chengcheng’s relatively relaxed voice came from inside.
“Fortunately, not much has been stolen..”


CHAPTER-48
Chapter 48: Li Zitong

It was definitely a burglary.
But it seemed that the thieves lacked the means, as they only took a small amount of things—if the door lock had not been broken, Zhang Chcngcheng would not have realized that there had been a burglary.
Lu Ming and Wang Xiong walked into the cellar one after the other. Under the light of their flashlights, they saw a large amount of grain, canned food, and compressed food piled up in the cellar.
The cellar was huge, far larger than the basement in Lu Ming’s house.
After all, Lu Ming’s house could not be compared to the ancestral home of the Zhang family in terms of size.
The amount of supplies in the cellar was surprisingly large. According to Zhang Chengcheng, after Zhang Ye became an Awakened, he led his men to empty the surrounding shops, including rice, flour and oil stores. In addition, they had already stored a considerable amount of supplies before the apocalypse, resulting in the current situation.
“Looks like we really have to mobilize all four vehicles and make two or three trips to transport everything back.”
Wang Xiong sighed and continued, “Chengcheng, you keep an eye on the cars outside. Brother Lu and I will handle the goods.”
Zhang Chengcheng was about to say something, but when she saw that Lu Ming had already started to take action, she decided not to say anything.
The joy of the harvest filled his chest.
Seeing the food, Lu Ming felt as if he had seen his loved ones – because the amount of food determined how far Lu Ming could go and how strong he could become.
He moved 10 bags of flour in one go—if not for the small exit of the cellar, Lu Ming could have carried more.
In short, his expression was one of delight, and he moved with ease.
This time, the military vehicle that Lu Ming and the others drove was not specifically designed for cargo transportation. It was a fully enclosed armored vehicle with limited cargo capacity.
Lu Ming and Wang Xiong worked tirelessly for five or six trips until the military vehicle was fully loaded.
“We’ll move these first on the first trip. After we transport them back, we’ll drive all four vehicles over.”
Wang Xiong clapped his hands and said.
Then, the three of them boarded the vehicle, ready to head home.
Just as the engine started, Lu Ming acutely heard something.
“Stop the car first.”
Wang Xiong turned off the engine, and the sound that Lu Ming heard became clearer.
“There’s someone over there.”
He pointed in the direction away from the house.
Not long after Lu Ming spoke, he saw several people pedaling tricycles coming around the street corner, making creaking sounds.
When Zhang Chengcheng saw one of them, she was immediately stunned.
“Li Zitong? He’s not dead?”
Originally, there were three Awakened individuals in the Zhang family’s gathering place.
Zhang Ye, Zhang Chengcheng, and Li Zitong.
Zhang Ye and Zhang Chengcheng were siblings. It could also be said that they were the owners of the Zhang family’s gathering place.
As for Li Zitong, he had joined the Zhang family’s gathering place later on.
He joined only about a week before Wang Xiong joined.
On that night when the zombie horde attacked, Zhang Ye led Wang Xiong, Zhang Chengcheng, and the others to fight their way out, while Li Zitong had already disappeared before the outbreak of the zombie horde.
Zhang Chengcheng thought that Li Zitong was already dead.
However, she did not expect to see Li Zitong again today, in this familiar place today.
The five tricycles on the opposite side stopped about ten meters in front of the military vehicle.
The five of them got out of the tricycles and gathered together, whispering while looking at the military vehicle.
Seeing this, Wang Xiong thought for a moment and said, “Let’s get out of the car too.”
With that, he got out of the car.
It was only at this moment that Li Zitong realized that the persons sitting in the car were old acquaintances.
There was no joy of reunion with an old friend.
Li Zitong opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something, but before he could say anything, he shut it. He just looked at Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng with a complicated expression, then vaguely glanced at the tall and thin man standing in the middle of their group of five.
There were five people on the other side and three people on this side.
The eight pairs of eyes stared at each other, and for a while, no one spoke first.
After a while, Wang Xiong was the first to speak. “Zitong?”
Li Zitong took a deep breath. “It’s me.”
The tall and thin man beside him turned to look at Li Zitong.
“You know them?”
Li Zitong thought for a moment and nodded hesitantly. “Yes, Brother Shen. That man and woman are Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng, whom I mentioned to Brother Shen before. I don’t know the man standing at the back.”
The man called Brother Shen pursed his lips and glanced disdainfully at Li Zitong before turning to look at Lu Ming and the other two.
He raised his chin towards Lu Ming. “Hey, kid, what’s your name?”
Lu Ming frowned. This person was a little rude.
But if others were rude, that was their business. Lu Ming still adhered to basic politeness.
He had always set high standards for himself.
“My name is Lu Ming. And you?”
Brother Shen did not respond. He squinted his eyes at Lu Ming and thought for a moment before saying, ‘Tve heard of your name. My two slaves once mentioned that there’s an Awakened named Lu Ming in Guangping Street. That’s you, right?”
Lu Ming was startled again… Two little slaves?
How could there still be slaves these days?
When Li Zitong heard this, his expression froze and he lowered his head deeply.
Brother Shen continued, “They also said that you and Wang Xiong are quite similar but you’re slightly weaker than him… Hmm, with that in mind, I have a rough idea now.”
Lu Ming felt that there was something wrong with this person.
Not only was he rude, but he also did not answer other people’s questions.
He was immersed in his own world and could not extricate himself…
There was no way to communicate with such a person.
Just as he was about to get on the vehicle with Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng, Brother Shen spoke again.
“You guys arc here to take the food, right?”
“Let me make it clear first. I was the one who found this place first, and naturally, all the food belongs to me. You have food loaded in your vehicle, right? Unload it and put it here for me.”
Lu Ming:”???”
What’s wrong with this person? Is he seriously ill?!
Of course, pointing out someone’s flaws face-to-face was impolite.
Lu Ming remained silent.
But to his surprise, Brother Shen continued, “Also, that vehicle and that woman named Zhang Chengcheng should stay. Consider it compensation for touching my belongings.”
After saying that, Brother Shen rubbed his chin and said with a profound, “I’m a reasonable person. I don’t go around killing people’s families for every little thing they take from me, but there should be compensation, right, brothers?”
“Yes!”
“Our Brother Shen is the most reasonable.”
“What Brother Shen says is always right. If I don’t listen to Brother Shen’s reasoning for a day, I feel uncomfortable all over.”
Li Zitong did not say anything.
His expression became uglier and uglier. When he saw that Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng looked reluctant, Li Zitong gritted his teeth and said, “Brother Shen, we saw it this morning. There’s really a lot of food inside. Let them take a cart. Let’s not have any conflicts over such a small matter.”
Brother Shen immediately turned around and glared at him, but before he could say anything, one of his henchmen next to Li Zitong kicked Li Zitong to the ground.
“What right do you have to speak?!”
Initially, Lu Ming and the other two were ready to leave.
But witnessing the scene of bullying right in front of them, all three of them stopped in their tracks.
Especially Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng.
Li Zitong was their acquaintance. Although their interactions in the Zhang family gathering place were not frequent, they still crossed paths several times a day.
They did not have a deep relationship between them, but there was no resentment or conflict either.
Seeing their former comrade being bullied, Zhang Chengcheng and Wang Xiong could not bear it..


CHAPTER-49
Chapter 49:1 Reasoned With You, But You Fought With Me?

“Do you have a problem or something!?”
Zhang Chengcheng started cursing the moment she opened her mouth. Her words weren’t particularly harsh, but they hit the mark.
Despite usually being a devoted fan of Lu Ming, Zhang Chengcheng, as the second-in-command in the Zhang family’s gathering place, was a beautiful and stylish woman. She was efficient and straightforward in her work, and her temperament was bold and vigorous.
While speaking, she walked forward with her eyes glaring, but she was stopped by Wang Xiong.
Standing in front of Zhang Chengcheng, Wang Xiong looked at Brother Shen and his group, and asked in a deep voice, “What do you mean, brother?”
“What do I mean? Are you deaf? Or don’t you understand human language?!”
Cheng Shen pointed at Wang Xiong and shouted, “Let me say it again. If you touch my things, you’ll have to compensate! Women, cars, I want them all! Do you understand now?”
Wang Xiong’s expression immediately darkened.
“And what if we don’t give?”
Heh… you can give it a try.”
As he spoke, Cheng Shen clenched his fists and slowly walked towards Lu Ming and his companions.
Seeing that the battle was about to break out, Lu Ming took a step forward and said earnestly, “Sir, I think some of the things you said are not quite appropriate.
For example, you said that the food here belongs to you. That’s not right.
“The things here belong to the Zhang family’s gathering place. And the lady beside me was originally the second-in-command of the Zhang family’s gathering place. Of course, the original Zhang family’s gathering place was democratic, and the things didn’t belong to any individual, but to everyone.
“Now that the Zhang family’s gathering place has been destroyed, the things inside are ownerless. We can take them, and you can take them too.”
This was also why Lu Ming was unwilling to argue about the ownership of the supplies just now—it was fine for anyone to take ownerless items.
“Let’s take another step back and say that Mr. Li Zitong on your side theoretically has a portion of the ownership of the supplies. As for Ms. Zhang Chengcheng here, on our side, she also has ownership rights over a portion of the supplies.
“So, friend, as you can see, look, there’s no problem with either group taking the supplies here.
Since we’ve bumped into each other now, I’m inclined to let each side take as much as they can. What do you think?”
Lu Ming’s lengthy speech left everyone stunned.
Wang Xiong opened his mouth, but he did not know what to say.
Zhang Chengcheng was also stunned for a moment before nodding after some thought. “Brother Lu makes sense. Assuming that ownerless items belong to oneself, how is that any different from robbery?”
As normal people, under the condition of having enough food and drink, they wouldn’t resort to robbery.
Lu Ming glanced at Zhang Chengcheng in agreement and nodded. “My words definitely make sense, and I’m the most reasonable person.”
After saying that, Lu Ming looked at Cheng Shen again. “Don’t misunderstand. Our reasoning is not the same thing. I’m really reasonable, and your reasoning is fake.”
Lu Ming was indeed reasonable.
He was unwilling to engage in fights, and if there were fights, it was only out of necessity. If he did not kill others, he would have to die himself.
Lu Ming believed that even in the apocalypse, reason should prevail among people.
After all, with justice on your side, you could travel the world…
Fighting and killing were dangerous! It was best to avoid them if possible.
After a moment of confusion, Cheng Shen burst out laughing.
He laughed so hard that he doubled over.
After laughing for a minute, Cheng Shen raised his head, pointed at Lu Ming, and scolded him jokingly, “Are you an idiot?! Huh?!”
Lu Ming frowned. “Why are you still insulting people? We’re being reasonable.”
“Reason?! Why should I reason with you?! My words are reasons!”
Before he could finish his sentence, Cheng Shen had already stomped on the ground and shot towards Lu Ming like a cannonball.
When Li Zitong saw this scene from behind, he immediately closed his eyes helplessly.
Because Cheng Shen was a Level 2 Awakened…
In his view, with Cheng Shen’s strength as a Level 2 Awakened, he was enough to crush everyone present. The fate of Wang Xiong, Zhang Chengcheng, and the others was self-evident.
However, he did not see the stunned expressions on Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng’s faces when they witnessed this scene.
A hint of strange light flashed in their eyes…
They were well aware of Lu Ming’s strength.
Although they did not know how strong Cheng Shen was, no matter how strong he was, he could not possibly be Lu Ming’s match.
When Brother Lu reasoned with you, you didn’t listen and resorted to violence…
Even if you sought death, this was not the way to do it.
Cheng Shen was confident that he could completely control the entire scene…
This was because he was ‘well aware’ of the background of the people opposite him.
Cheng Shen had already heard from Li Zitong about the Zhang family’s gathering place.
Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng were both Level 1 Awakened. As for Zhang Ye, who was a Level 2 Awakened, he did not appear here, it was highly likely that he was dead. He was also a Level 2 Awakened, so he naturally knew how terrifying the zombie wave caused by his advancement was. Few people could survive under the pursuit of the Hunters, so Zhang Ye’s fate could be easily deduced.
To a Level 2 Awakened, a Level 1 Awakened was like a little brother.
As for Lu Ming, he had also heard about him from Yu Fei and Bai Lu.
The one from Guangping Street.
Wang Xiong had also evaluated that Lu Ming was not as strong as him.
Therefore, it was very easy to determine the difference in strength between the two sides.
On his side, there was one Level 2 Awakened and four Level 1 Awakened.
Over there, there were three Level 1 Awakened.
Although he had Li Zitong as an unstable factor, the absolute strength of a Level 2 Awakened was enough to overwhelm everything!
As for whether there would be Level 2 Awakened ones among the opponents…
Cheng Shen didn’t think so.
Definitely not!
It was still the same thing.
The danger of advancing was too great. Were Level 2 Awakened individuals so easy to come by?
The distance of less than ten meters was crossed by Cheng Shen in a split second. He threw a piercing punch at Lu Ming’s face. At the same time, bone spikes protruded from Cheng Shen’s fist like daggers.
This was Cheng Shen’s superpower.
In Cheng Shen’s expectations, this punch was enough to blow Lu Ming’s head off and it could also serve as a deterrent.
At that time, the military vehicle and the beautiful female Awakened would all be his—he would have a new toy for tonight…
While he was indulging in thoughts of his absurd nocturnal life, a tremendous resistance stopped Cheng Shen’s movement.
Stunned, he looked ahead.
He saw that Lu Ming in front had already extended his hand, gripping his right wrist tightly, rendering him completely immobile!
Die!
Cheng Shen shouted. The bone spikes protruded and shot towards Lu Ming’s eyes like bullets, but Lu Ming dodged them with a tilt of his head…
Cheng Shen was stunned again.
Lu Ming’s eyes slowly turned bloodshot.
“Wait…”
He sensed that something was wrong. Just as he said the word ‘wait’, Lu Ming interrupted him.
“You’re trying to kill me.”
The feeling of restraint on his hand became stronger and stronger.
Cheng Shen had already noticed that his wrist bones were beginning to groan.
Correspondingly, the blood vessels in Lu Ming’s eyes increased.
His tone became colder and calmer.
“You’re trying to kill me.
If you hit me with your fists and stopped at the stage of fighting, then the bone spikes are equivalent to you stabbing me with a dagger. You stabbed a vital spot like the head. The bone spikes that flew out in the end are equivalent to firearms. You’ve already hit me with a gun…”
He had already used a gun. Lu Ming did not even dare to think about what would happen in the future!
Self-defense!
Counterattack!!
The instinct for survival made Lu Ming hold nothing back.
Using the techniques he had learned from Wang Xiong, Lu Ming suddenly swung his right fist and punched Cheng Shen’s temple ruthlessly.
There was a loud “crack” sound.
His huge head was violently sent flying, but Cheng Shen’s body remained in front of Lu Ming.
Blood spurted out from the gaping wound the size of a bowl.
The broken cervical vertebrae burst into the air.
The bloody and violent scene made everyone fall silent.
Lu Ming followed up with a hard kick at Cheng Shen’s chest.
First his head, then his heart!
When facing such a violent assailant, Lu Ming had no possibility of showing mercy..


CHAPTER-50
Chapter 50: Some People Are Not Worthy of Listening to Reason

There was a loud “bang”.
Cheng Shen, or rather a part of him, fell to the ground.
The conspicuous hollow in the shape of a footprint on his chest made Cheng Shen’s lackeys’ legs go weak, almost making them wet themselves.
Taking a deep breath, Lu Ming pointed at Cheng Shen’s body and said, “You all saw it. He tried to kill me first. I acted in self-defense!”
“Mm-hmm.”
Everyone nodded repeatedly.
Not only Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng, but even Cheng Shen’s lackeys did the same.
Seeing that the eyewitnesses approved of his actions, Lu Ming nodded in satisfaction and said, “Then now, we can discuss the allocation of supplies.”
First, deal with the unreasonable ones, and then we can continue to reason.
There was nothing wrong with that!
Lu Ming would never resort to using force to suppress others. In fact, Lu Ming did not consider himself particularly strong. It was best to reason things out.
However, Wang Xiong spoke up.
“Brother Lu, considering what had just happened, I don’t think it’s a good idea for you to continue negotiating… I mean, reasoning with them. In my opinion, you should go back to the car and rest for a while. Leave the rest to me.”
Hearing this, Lu Ming looked down at his bloodstained hands and right foot.
He thought for a moment and nodded. “You’re right. I’ll get into the car first.”
He had just killed someone, so Lu Ming was indeed not in a good position to reason.
Otherwise, people might think that he was threatening them, and that would not be good.
Lu Ming got into the car.
Zhang Chengcheng followed Lu Ming into the car.
Only Wang Xiong was left alone outside—but he was capable enough to handle the situation on his own.
Glancing at Cheng Shen’s corpse and then at Li Zitong and the other three, Wang Xiong’s gaze deepened, his face thoughtful.
Meanwhile, the four individuals across from him, including Li Zitong, were all trembling, not even daring to breathe loudly.
Wang Xiong turned to look at Lu Ming again and realized that Lu Ming and Zhang Chengcheng had already gotten into the car. He knew what to do.
Wang Xiong walked straight toward the trembling four individuals and said.
“The one who died is the leader of your gathering place, right?”
The other three remained silent but Li Zitong took a deep breath and his gaze became firm. “Yes, his name was Cheng Shen. We called him Brother Shen. He was the leader of our gathering place.”
“How many people do you have in your gathering place?”
‘Fifty-six. All in the prime of their lives, no elderly or children.’
Wang Xiong nodded in understanding. “I see.”
With that, he looked at Li Zitong again, changing his serious expression to a smile. “Tell me what happened to you after that night.”
Wang Xiong seemed to be a combination of recklessness and subtlety.
Beneath his seemingly rough and imposing appearance, there was a delicate and keen heart.
In a gathering place of 56 people, with no elderly or children, and a leader like that, Wang Xiong could easily imagine the appearance of this gathering place.
Li Zitong’s experience confirmed Wang Xiong’s assumptions.
That night, seeing that the situation was hopeless, Li Zitong simply left as fast as he could.
However, he did not leave alone. Instead, he took Yu Fei and Bai Lu with him. Li Zitong had a bad habit of being attracted to beautiful women, and Yu Fei and Bai Lu were both attractive.
He had initially thought that as an Awakened, he could go anywhere he pleased. He could find a place to hide with the two beauties and live a decent life.
But plans did not always go as expected…
“We stumbled all the way out of Good Hope Village, but as soon as we left the village, we were surrounded by this group of people.”
Speaking of this, Li Zitong’s face showed agony. “They’re not human at all!”
Led by Cheng Shen, these Awakened individuals looked like humans but behaved like monsters.
“They beat me up, captured Yu Fei and Bai Lu, and then…”
As he spoke, Li Zitong burst into tears like a 150-pound child.
He had thought of living a fairy-tale life with Yu Fei and Bai Lu.
But instead, he encountered evil people, experiencing a nightmare…
Li Zitong was filled with grievances!
Watching this scene, Wang Xiong sighed deeply, patted Li Zitong’s shoulder, and turned to look at the other three individuals.
“Is what he said true?”
The three looked at each other and remained silent.
“I’m asking you, is what he said true!?”
Wang Xiong’s roar sent shivers down their spines. They all nodded hesitantly, and one of them said, “It’s not entirely wrong…”
This was the way of the world.
When the apocalypse came, everyone was struggling, and under great pressure, they naturally sought outlets for their frustrations.
And Awakened individuals were clearly superior, so it seemed logical for them to bully others, play with women, even though it was morally wrong.
Hearing this, Li Zitong cried even louder. He pointed at the other individuals while sobbing and cursing, “They have captured over twenty women, using them for their amusement every day. They torture people, kill them, and attract hordes of zombies with live humans. They’re not human at all! I’ve never seen anything like this in my entire life!!”
Hearing Li Zitong’s accusations, the other three individuals became agitated, and one of them retorted, “Who do you think you are, Li Zitong? Huh! Wasn’t it you who willingly revealed information about the Zhang family’s gathering place? Wasn’t it you who actively wanted to join us, claiming that as an awakened individual, you still had value and wanted to enjoy the good life with us? Huh! Now you’re acting all innocent.”
Li Zitong’s face turned red with anger. “You beat me up, you always beat me up!
If I don’t say these things, you’ll beat me to death! What can I do!?”
“Bullsh*t! Dare you say you’re not lusting after women’s bodies!?”
“I’m not! You goddamn… I’ll fight you!”
After saying that, Li Zitong charged forward.
The scene of them arguing made Wang Xiong’s head ache.
He couldn’t just stand by and watch them fight for real.
With a casual move that resembled picking up a baby chick, Wang Xiong separated Li Zitong from the other person. His immense strength demonstrated his power and immediately made everyone calm down.
Turning to look at Li Zitong, Wang Xiong asked solemnly, “Have you killed anyone over there?”
Li Zitong immediately shook his head, and the others did not refute it either.
“Have you ever forced yourself on a woman?”
Li Zitong shook his head again, but the other three still did not refute.
This made Wang Xiong nod in understanding as he looked at the other three Awakened individuals.
“What about you guys?”
They remained silent..
“I see…” Wang Xiong’s gaze gradually became stern.
He turned his head to look at the military vehicle, making eye contact with Zhang Chengcheng. Zhang Chengcheng nodded in understanding.
The vehicle started, but it was Zhang Chengcheng who drove Lu Ming away first…
Li Zitong and the others were taken aback, then they saw Wang Xiong turning back towards them.
He clenched his fists slowly, his gaze icy as he said, “Some people just don’t deserve to be reasoned with!”
Inside the returning military vehicle, there was a slight silence in the air.
A moment later, Zhang Chengcheng smiled and said, “Brother Lu,, we made quite a haul this time. The supplies from the Zhang family’s gathering place are enough for us…”
“Chengcheng.”
Lu Ming suddenly spoke, interrupting Zhang Chengcheng’s voice. Zhang Chengcheng listened as Lu Ming spoke softly, “I’m not a fool, and there’s nothing wrong with my mind. I understand perfectly well why we left ahead of time.”
Zhang Chengcheng pursed her lips and murmured, “I see…”
After speaking, she regained her composure and said, “If Lao Lu thinks that what Wang Xiong did was inappropriate, we can go back immediately.”
“No need…”
Through the rearview mirror, Zhang Chengcheng could see Lu Ming looking out the window with a calm expression.
He spoke softly.
“In fact, I also know that the world has already become like this, destined for many people to take the wrong path, the evil path.
“There will also be many people who are unworthy of reasoning, unworthy of being called humans.
“And I am strong… At least compared to the majority of survivors, I am indeed strong.
“A strong person has the ability to judge others. But I don’t believe that the strong have the right to judge others.”
Having the ability was one thing, having the right was another.
“If I can determine someone’s guilt or even decide whether they should live or die based on my own subjectivity, I might enjoy it for a while, but sooner or later, I will lose control.
“So I want to reason, I want to have calm and rational conversations with people, discussing how things should be handled, rather than imposing my own beliefs.
Zhang Chengcheng listened attentively until Lu Ming finished speaking, then she chuckled softly, “That’s why I like you, Brother Lu.”
“It’s actually good to leave this matter to Wang Xiong to resolve. Because we all know that if there comes a day when Wang Xiong loses control…
Lu Ming said solemnly, “Then I will intervene.”
Zhang Chengcheng smiled and said, “With you taking action, there won’t be any problems..”


CHAPTER-51
Chapter 51: Lighthouse

On the way here, Li Zitong walked with Cheng Shen and the other three.
On the way back, only two people were left.
As Li Zitong pedaled the cart, he turned around to look at the familiar person.
Thinking about the explosive power that Wang Xiong had displayed just now, Li Zitong could not help but shudder.
“Don’t be nervous and don’t be afraid. I killed them because they really deserved to die.”
Wang Xiong could sense Li Zitong’s tension and tried to reassure him. But this comforting sentence inevitably made Li Zitong even more nervous—if they had met a day or two later, if he could not resist the temptation and accepted Brother Shen’s reward, perhaps…
Li Zitong’s uneasiness was evident to Wang Xiong.
After thinking it over, he had nothing more to say.
Humans are social creatures and are easily influenced by the people around them.
Even if Li Zitong was not inherently bad, if he hung around Cheng Shen for too long, he would inevitably be tainted by some undesirable things.
At the same time, Wang Xiong also lamented the dual nature of violence.
Killing, for the strong, was indeed very simple, and violence was the fastest way to solve problems.
But, from Li Zitong’s gaze, it was likely that when they met again in the future, the first thing Li Zitong would think of would be the scene of Wang Xiong killing someone.
Once the seed of fear was planted, it was bound to take root and sprout…
Cheng Shen’s gathering place was located in an office building near Good Hope Village.
The first half of the journey was relatively safe—there were really not many zombies left in Good Hope Village, although Wang Xiong did not know the reason.
The second half of the journey out of Good Hope Village was a little dangerous, but Cheng Shen and the others had already cleared it once before, opening up a safe route. With Li Zitong as their guide, there should not be any problems.
About an hour later, Wang Xiong followed Li Zitong and entered Cheng Shen’s gathering place.
They walked through a side door on the first floor and entered the lobby, which was in a mess and completely deserted. However, at the staircase and escalator entrances, there were piles of makeshift barricades and debris.
Passing through the barricades was the official entrance into the gathering place.
Li Zitong took the initiative to move aside the barricade, and Wang Xiong followed him to the second floor.
As they entered, they were greeted by a group of listless men on the ground.
Seeing Wang Xiong and Li Zitong, these men showed no reaction.
They were like zombies, their eyes devoid of light.
Wang Xiong felt his heart tightening… and then he heard Li Zitong’s voice in his ear. “This is a bait. Cheng Shen and the others have this tactic where they use living people to lure the zombies away and then go for the supplies.”
Although Awakened individuals were not afraid of zombies, it was a different story when it came to a horde of zombies. If the Awakened ones were surrounded by a horde of zombies, they would still have to die.
Using live bait to lure the horde away naturally reduced the level of danger.
As for whether the live bait would listen… In the face of absolute violence, this was not a difficult problem to resolve.
Taking a deep breath, Wang Xiong asked again, “Where are the others?”
He was referring to the women who had been persecuted.
The concept of live bait sounded cruel, but it was only a momentary cruelty. Once a live bait was used, there was almost no possibility of recovering it. So although these men were live bait, they were at most reserve live bait.
They had not been subjected to severe persecution.
Compared to them, women’s experiences were more cruel.
Li Zitong raised his hand and pointed to a large door. Seeing this, Wang Xiong approached it. The moment he pushed open the door, he immediately stepped back.
Turning to look at Li Zitong, Wang Xiong’s eyes reddened as he suppressed his anger. “Go find some clothes, right now, immediately!”
Another half an hour passed.
The women in the room had put on their clothes.
The door was pushed open, and one by one, the women walked out of the room like startled rabbits.
The men who were originally lying on the ground seemed to have sensed something. They half-sat up, staring at Wang Xiong, but no one dared to speak.
Only at this moment did Wang Xiong finally manage to calm himself down.
Looking at the 50 or so people gathered here, Wang Xiong thought for a moment and spoke.
“Cheng Shen and the others are already dead. I killed them.”
No one reacted.
It was Li Zitong who said softly, “Brother Wang is telling the truth.”
Still, no one reacted…
That’s true…
They were just ordinary survivors, who had been preyed upon by Cheng Shen’s group, and had long lost their trust in people. The current situation was nothing more than a change in leadership, and it was still unknown how the new leader would be.
The numbness in their eyes made Wang Xiong feel uneasy.
He could only say, “I, no, our gathering place is different from yours.
“Our gathering place is on Guangping Street in Good Hope Village. There’s abundant food there, high-level Awakened individuals, food and drinks, and safety. And more importantly, the leader of our gathering place, Mr. Lu Ming, is a reasonable and good person.”
Thinking of the past, Wang Xiong said, “Mr. Lu is the most outstanding person I’ve ever met. He not only has great strength, but he’s also cautious and meticulous. You might think that I’m bragging, but he’s indeed someone who doesn’t bully the weak or take advantage of the strong.
“I still remember when I first met Brother Lu, he helped me kill the zombies and protected us.
“When we didn’t have anything to cat, it was Brother Lu who reached out and provided us with food.”
“Now that the apocalypse has arrived, I know very well the treacherous nature of the human heart. I also understand what kind of torture you have suffered and what kind of evil people you have encountered. But believe me, even in the apocalypse, there is still the light of righteousness that illuminates the earth! Moreover, I firmly believe that Brother Lu is the light of our survivors, the lighthouse of our survivors!”
He spoke eloquently.
But words alone were not enough.
These survivors who had just experienced a nightmare would not regain their trust in others just because of Wang Xiong’s words.
Knowing that awakening from numbness was not something that could happen overnight, Wang Xiong sighed deeply and said, “Next, I’m prepared to bring you to Guangping Street. Of course, this is definitely not mandatory. If you want to go with me, you can. If you don’t want to, you are free to stay.”
This was the only thing Wang Xiong could do.
“We’re coming with you.”
As soon as Wang Xiong finished speaking, someone finally responded.
Turning to the source of the voice, Wang Xiong nodded gently—it was an acquaintance.
Yu Fei and Bai Lu.
At this moment, the two women’s expressions were filled with fear.
After experiencing such an ordeal, they felt that the gathering place on Guangping Street was simply a paradise on earth.
“I’m coming with you.”
Li Zitong said.
With them, more and more people responded to Wang Xiong. As ordinary people, they knew how terrifying the apocalypse was. At the moment, Wang Xiong seemed easy to talk to. Regardless of whether he was telling the truth or not, it was better to go with him than to face their own demise.
Soon, Wang Xiong counted the number of people.
A total of 52 survivors, with 50 of them willing to go back to Guangping Street with him.
After a slight hesitation, the remaining two women came to Wang Xiong’s side and spoke to him.
“Brother Wang…”
“Just call me Wang Xiong.”
“Okay, Wang Xiong. Here’s our situation. We came from the Red Thunder Martial Arts School and we were captured by Cheng Shen and his group. Now that Cheng Shen and the others are dead, my cousin and I want to go back there… What do you think?”
After a brief moment of thought, Wang Xiong said hesitantly, “You want me to take you back?”
The woman who spoke looked embarrassed. “I know our request is a little unreasonable, but my family is over there…”
This request was really unreasonable.
After considering it, Wang Xiong did not immediately refuse. He simply said, “Here’s what we’ll do. You both come back to Guangping Street with me first. When everything is settled, I’ll see if I can contact the Red Thunder Martial Arts School.”
The two women hesitated for a moment but eventually nodded.
They also knew that this was the best option available..


CHAPTER-52
Chapter 52: The Official Establishment of Guangping Street Gathering Place

When Wang Xiong and his group returned, it was already around seven in the evening.
During this period, Lu Ming and Zhang Chengcheng, along with Yang Guan, Qin Lie, and Wei Jiming, brought back all the food from the Zhang family’s gathering place.
As Wang Xiong was making arrangements for the survivors, he also communicated with Zhang Chengcheng.
Wang Xiong briefly explained what he saw and heard at Cheng Shen’s gathering place. He hoped that Zhang Chengcheng could provide some psychological counseling for those women, and Zhang Chengcheng readily agreed.
Meanwhile, Zhang Chengcheng also mentioned something else.
Lu Ming took about one-fifth of the supplies and brought them back home…
This puzzled Wang Xiong, and he could not quite understand Lu Ming’s actions.
To this, Zhang Chengcheng chuckled and said, “Don’t put all your eggs in one basket.”
Wang Xiong instantly understood.
In short, a busy day passed quickly.
The next day.
It was the 32nd day of the apocalypse calendar, Wednesday.
When Lu Ming finished his breakfast and peeked out of the window on the second floor, he witnessed the following scene.
A bustling street scene.
Under Zhang Lixin’s lead, the men began constructing a defensive perimeter and moving zombie corpses.
Under Meng Jie’s guidance, the women boiled porridge in big iron pots or cleaned the rooms.
Zhang Chengcheng, Wang Xiong, and Li Zitong hung a banner at the Zombie Strike Array outside Lu Ming’s house. Through the sunlight, Lu Ming could vaguely make out the words.
Warm congratulations on the official establishment of the Guangping Street Gathering Place!
Lu Ming:”???”
Scratching his head in confusion, he heard Zhang Chengcheng’s voice coming from downstairs.
“Brother Lu! Are you done eating?”
Zhang Chengcheng seemed to have a special ability – every time Lu Ming peeked out the window without revealing himself, Zhang Chengcheng always managed to spot Lu Ming…
Being discovered, Lu Ming no longer pretended.
He simply opened the window and looked downstairs.
“What’s going on?”
After saying that, he pointed at the banner and heard Wang Xiong explaining, “Brother Lu, there are more people here now and it finally feels like a gathering place. I thought we should finalize this today, and from now on, this place will be called Guangping Street Gathering Place. It will give everyone a sense of belonging.”
A sense of belonging was very important…
It gave the survivors a feeling of home.
Of course, Lu Ming did not really understand or have any interest in this kind of thing.
He said, “You guys carry on.” Just as he was about to go downstairs and start exercising, he heard Wang Xiong speak again, “Oh, by the way, Brother Lu, after the workout today, you have to say a few words and then cut the ribbon…” Lu Ming:”???”
I have to give a speech?
What position do I hold to give a speech?
Of course, it was not necessary to delve too deep into whether he was worthy or not. The main point was that Lu Ming really did not like these kinds of occasions.
After some thought, Lu Ming went downstairs and got out of the house. As he prepared to start today’s exercise, he casually chatted with Wang Xiong. “Can I not give a speech? I don’t know how to give speeches…”
However, Wang Xiong had helped him so much, and a direct and rigid refusal seemed a bit ungrateful. It wouldn’t be good.
Zhang Chengcheng, who was standing nearby, pursed her lips and smiled. “I’m just teasing you, Brother Lu. You don’t have to give a speech. When the time comes, you can just cut the ribbon and leave the speech to Wang Xiong.”
Lu Ming heaved a sigh of relief.
Zhang Chengcheng and Wang Xiong exchanged a subtle glance.
Lu Ming’s reaction was not unexpected, because Lu Ming had always been a simple person.
However, simple people were not suitable to be leaders… This was the result of the discussion between Wang Xiong, Zhang Chengcheng, Zhang Lixin, and Meng Jie last night…
Thinking about his future role and responsibility, Wang Xiong suddenly felt overwhelmed.
It was a fulfilling and challenging morning.
At 10:30, the exercise session ended. Lu Ming hydrated himself and opened his personal information panel.
Name: Lu Ming
Strength: 56.7 (58.1) f.
Physique: 57.4 (58.8) J.
Agility: 50.8 (52.2) J.
Fitness Lv9 (600/900).
Hand-to-hand Combat Lvi8 (1420/1800): Strength and stamina increased by an additional 1.8 points.
When he was exercising with Wang Xiong, particularly in the aspect of hand-to-hand combat, was really boosting Lu Ming’s skill proficiency.
The high level of hand-to-hand combat proficiency caused Lu Ming’s strength and stamina to increase exponentially.
“It’s another day full of power!”
With his attributes increasing, Lu Ming was in a good mood. Just as he was about to go home, he was stopped by Wang Xiong.
Wang Xiong smiled and said, “Brother Lu, you don’t have to give a speech, but you should at least come for the ribbon-cutting, right?”
After a slight dilemma, Lu Ming nodded and agreed.
The establishment of a gathering place should have been a big event.
But now that they were in the apocalypse, the resources were indeed limited. In addition, most of the survivors were from Cheng Shen’s gathering place. They had experienced many hardships, and this kind of trauma could not be healed in a short period of time.
Therefore, they kept it simple.
After lunch, a total of 60 people in the gathering place arrived at Lu Ming’s house.
Everyone was either holding their bowls or gathered in groups of twos and threes, whispering to each other.
Until Wang Xiong stood on the mud wall.
He looked down at the people below, his gaze sweeping over familiar and unfamiliar faces.
After a brief moment of contemplation, Wang Xiong smiled and said, “Today is a day worth celebrating.
“It’s been more than a month since the apocalypse began. We have experienced the confusion at the beginning of the apocalypse together and witnessed the dangers and ugliness of the apocalypse.
“Fate brought us together, allowing us to gather on this street and live in the houses on this street. In the future, we will also face the dangers of the apocalypse together and embrace our shared destiny and future together.”
Lu Ming had to admit that Wang Xiong had changed a lot.
When they first met, Lu Ming only thought of Wang Xiong as a skilled fighter, young and hot-blooded, and a little rash.
But now, seeing Wang Xiong confidently speaking on the earthen wall,Lu Ming suddenly realized that Wang Xiong was much more dignified and steadier than before.
“Maybe, people can change.”
This was the only explanation for the change in Wang Xiong.
As he thought about it, he listened to Wang Xiong continue his talk.
“From the beginning of the apocalypse until now, each of us has our own experiences, difficulties and pain. We have different experiences, but I want to say that we should let bygones be bygones. The fact that we can stand here now means that we are ready to embrace a new beginning together.”
When everyone in Cheng Shen’s gathering place heard this, they either looked pensive or their eyes turned red.
From last night until now, they had been at a loss when they first moved, but now, they had gradually gained some acceptance of this place.
Wang Xiong’s words were undoubtedly the final nail in the coffin.
This was a form of acceptance.
It was also a process of integration.
Wang Xiong did not say much more.
He concluded, “So, with everyone as witnesses, I announce that Guangping
Street Gathering Place is officially established.”
Applause erupted.
Wang Xiong smiled at everyone and then looked at Lu Ming. Seeing this, Lu Ming, accompanied by Zhang Chengcheng, walked to the banner.
Taking the scissors handed to him by Zhang Lixin, Lu Ming made a few gestures and clumsily cut the banner in half.
Under the sunlight, Lu Ming looked at the people and saw smiles on their faces.
And so, Lu Ming smiled too..


CHAPTER-53
Chapter 53: Deserted Island

After the ribbon-cutting ceremony, Guangping Street Gathering Place was officially established.
Afterward, everyone went about their respective tasks, keeping everything simple.
However, the establishment, construction, and development of the gathering place was definitely not something that could be solved with just a ribbon-cutting.
Demarcating safe zones, assigning tasks, construction, searching for supplies, rescuing survivors… There was plenty of work to be done.
But these subsequent issues did not concern Lu Ming.
Firstly, he did not like to get involved in these matters and was basically indifferent to them.
Secondly, as the strongest person in the gathering place, Lu Ming’s only mission was to maintain his martial strength advantage.
Even in the plans of Wang Xiong and the others, Lu Ming’s daily exercise routine was the top priority for the gathering place.
What was worth mentioning was that after taking the supplies from the Zhang family’s gathering place, Lu Ming finally replenished his own storage of resources.
With sufficient food, Lu Ming was also full of energy.
In any case, Lu Ming believed that there was no need for him to leave his home for at least three months.
In the afternoon, Lu Ming farmed his crossbow shooting proficiency.
Originally, the space in his home was not sufficient for improving his crossbow shooting proficiency. However, Lu Ming came up with a solution.
He set up a stationary target 30 meters away from his front door and shot at it with a crossbow from the window. The distance was far enough to steadily increase his proficiency.
This method also applied to slingshot shooting, archcry, and firearm shooting—as long as the distance was long enough, even with a high skill level, hitting the target could still increase proficiency.
Lu Ming made this change for a significant reason related to the establishment of the gathering place.
He did not know why.
But after the ribbon-cutting ceremony, Lu Ming felt that the streets outside his house and the designated safe zone were not too dangerous…
During lunchtime, Lu Ming had pondered over this issue. After thinking it through, he believed that the reason could be summed up in one word: Order.
After the apocalypse, Lu Ming did not dare to go outside because it was filled with zombies, and there was no order outside.
However, before the apocalypse, Lu Ming would regularly go out and even visit restaurants for breakfast or lunch.
This was the effect of Order.
Order brought a sense of security to everyone.
Including Lu Ming.
The establishment of the Guangping Street Gathering Place was a stimulant for all survivors.
Wang Xiong was also in pain and joy.
He was a good man, even a hero.
He was happy that the gathering place had been established and could provide shelter for more survivors.
But he also struggled with the busy affairs and heavy responsibilities.
Externally, Lu Ming was undoubtedly the leader of the Guangping Street Gathering Place (although Lu Ming had never officially agreed)…
In fact, everyone understood the reality of the situation.
The leader’s name was Lu Ming’s.
The leader’s duties belonged to Wang Xiong’s.
As the working leader, Wang Xiong had to handle countless tasks. Despite being busy, he never neglected his main responsibility—the morning training sessions.
In the afternoon, when Lu Ming started practicing crossbow shooting proficiency, Wang Xiong first discussed the construction issues of the gathering place with Zhang Lixin.
The trenches needed to be dug, the traps had to be set up, and the roadblocks had to be arranged.
The survivors needed to be settled. Their basic needs had to be taken care of – food, shelter, transportation, and so on. However, they could not let the survivors be idle; they needed to be assigned work.
The zombies in the streets and houses had to be cleared, and this task had to be done by Awakened individuals.
After consulting with Zhang Lixin and drafting a rough plan, Wang Xiong went out again.
On the one hand, he had to patrol and clear out the zombies.
On the other hand, Wang Xiong also had a very strange problem to verify.
Why were there so few zombies in Good Hope Village?
Just as he arrived at the edge of the safe zone, two women walked towards him.
Wang Xiong paused for a moment and then saw the two women stand in front of him.
“Hello, Brother Wang.”
“Hello.”
“Do you remember us?”
Wang Xiong nodded. “Of course. Red Thunder Martial Arts School, right?”
The two women were the ones who wanted to return to the Red Thunder Martial Arts School yesterday.
One of them, slightly chubby and around 30 years old, nodded and said, “My name is Zhao Xiaohong, and this is my cousin, Zhao Shanshan. We’ve been here for a day and think that the Guangping Street Gathering Place is quite good, but it’s not our home after all. We still want to return to the Red Thunder Martial Arts School. Brother Wang, when are you free?”
To be honest, this request was a little too much.
However, Wang Xiong was a good person. And good people generally did not reject others…
After some thought, Wang Xiong said, “How about this? I’m going to take a look outside Good Hope Village today. I know the location of the Red Thunder Martial Arts School, so I can drop you off on the way.”
With that, Wang Xiong added solemnly, “But there’s something I have to say in advance. It’s very dangerous outside. I can’t guarantee your safety.”
When Zhao Xiaohong and Zhao Shanshan heard this, they nodded without a word. “We understand.”
After all, their families were at the Red Thunder Martial Arts School.
Even if the journey was dangerous, it could not stop their desire to reunite with their loved ones.
Wang Xiong drove a military vehicle and set off with Zhao Xiaohong and Zhao Shanshan.
They deliberately drove around Good Hope Village, but they encountered very few zombies.
However, when they walked out of Good Hope Village, the situation immediately changed!
A large number of zombies wandered on the street without anyone clearing them, and among them were some uncommon giant zombies.
In Nanxiang City outside Good Hope Village, the zombies were rapidly evolving.
As everyone knew, the flesh of an Awakened was extremely attractive to zombies.
Ordinary zombies could not sense this, but a Level 1 giant zombie already had the ability to target living people and even recognize Awakened ones.
As soon as the military vehicle drove out of Good Hope Village, the zombies began to riot as if they had taken drugs.
A massive number of zombies, led by numerous giant zombies, swarmed towards the military vehicle, causing Wang Xiong to panic and quickly retreat back to Good Hope Village.
However, the horde of zombies did not relent…
They continued to pursue Wang Xiong until the edge of the safe zone, where they were finally wiped out by the combined efforts of Lu Ming, Zhang Chengcheng, and the others.
“We’re trapped. We can’t get out.”
After the situation calmed down, Wang Xiong’s words made everyone’s faces turn grim.
Because of Simba, all the zombies in Good Hope Village had been taken away, resulting in a relatively small number of zombies in the entire village.
However, this law did not apply outside Good Hope Village.
The zombies over there didn’t care about Simba, Lu Ming, or the Zombie Forbidden Zone.
Of course, no one in Guangping Street Gathering Place knew about Simba’s influence.
However, the reality was already in front of them. Even if they could not guess the main cause, everyone could roughly understand the situation they were currently facing.
“The entire Good Hope Village is like a besieged city. Due to unknown reasons, there are very few zombies in Good Hope Village. However, once you leave Good Hope Village, zombies are everywhere, making it impossible for us to move an inch!”
In plain terms, Lu Ming and the others were trapped.
The horde of zombies formed an ocean.
Good Hope Village was an isolated island.
To venture out to sea, they would definitely need Awakened individuals to lead the team.
However, Awakened individuals would also attract a storm.
“A deadlock.”
Li Zitong said in a muffled voice..


CHAPTER-54
Chapter 54: Agility Breakthrough 100

Editor: Atlas Studios
 
Living zombies do have an advantage over humans. From the perspective of the ecological chain, humans are more like food for zombies and potential counterparts.
“In my simulations, if nothing goes wrong, humans will never be able to defeat zombies. In short, our situation is really difficult.”
Meng Jie’s remarks evoked a wave of sighs among the high-ranking members gathered in the Guangping Street gathering place.
After a long silence, everyone looked up at Lu Ming on the second floor, through the window.
If Good Hope Village was an isolated island, then Lu Ming was the lighthouse on this isolated island.
With him around, everyone would not lose their direction and would not feel despair!
Facing everyone’s gazes, Lu Ming said softly, “Stay steady and develop!”
This had always been Lu Ming’s survival guideline, and it had never changed.
Upon hearing this, everyone nodded in unison.
Wang Xiong: “I think so too. The defense system of the gathering place hasn’t been completed yet, so it’s not wise to go out and take risks.”
Zhang Chengcheng: “And Brother Lu will become stronger and stronger. Although zombies will evolve, I still feel that time is on our side.” Chengcheng had always had full confidence in Lu Ming.
Zhang Lixin said, “There’s enough food for the time being. Once we scavenge the supplies in Good Hope Village, it’ll be enough for us for half a year or a year.”
Meng Jie: “My research is also progressing very smoothly. I think if I can find a way to turn ordinary people into Awakened individuals, once the number of Awakened individuals increases, the situation will change significantly.”
Li Zitong:”…” Sorry, I feel like an outsider.
With the regulations set, everyone performed their respective duties.
For Lu Ming, the days had once again entered the rhythm that he was most familiar with.
Exercise, farming attributes.
There was nothing more important than this.
The 33rd day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Thursday.
Exercise in the morning and crossbow arrow shooting in the afternoon.
Nothing else happened.
Today’s attribute record:
Name: Lu Ming
Strength: 61.4
Physique: 62.1
Agility: 54-8
Fitness Lv9 (830/900).
Hand-to-hand combat Lvi9 (1025/1900)
Crossbow Shooting Lv5 (105/500)
The 34th day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Friday.
Nothing happened.
Today, my hand-to-hand combat skill leveled up to Level 20.1 realized that this skill has reached a plateau. It’s difficult to obtain proficiency even when practicing with Wang Xiong.
Wang Xiong told me that with the same physical fitness, my combat skills are no longer inferior to his. There’s nothing more he can teach me.
He also said that he’s never seen anyone as gifted in mixed martial arts as I am, in his entire life.
Today’s attribute record: (omitted)…
The 35th day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Saturday.
Nothing happened today, but the gathering place is becoming more and more presentable.
Wang Xiong and the others have built a wall, and the original zombie attack array was removed. They also erected an observation tower next to my house, which is over 20 meters tall!
According to Zhang Lixin, this observation tower can allow me to rain fatal blows upon the zombies from an elevated position. I tried it, the observation tower is not bad, but the height worries me. Moreover, it’s poorly constructed and it doesn’t look very sturdy.
I mentioned this to Zhang Lixin, and he said that they would reinforce it immediately. As for the height issue, he reminded me that I would be fine if I fell from this height. I don’t believe it.
Wang Xiong immediately went up and performed a trapeze… He was fine.
I also gave it a try… It proved that my worries were unnecessary. This height won’t harm me if I fall. So I think we can increase the height of the observation tower. Being higher up allows for better visibility and longer-range attacks. There is no problem.
Today’s attribute record: (omitted)…
The 36th day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Sunday.
Today, Li Zitong was promoted to a Level 2 Awakened. His awakened superpower is called Earth Manipulation.
To put it bluntly, he can control sand, stones, and soil. It’s beneficial to infrastructure and farming. It’s not particularly effective in combat.
However, unlike the last time, Li Zitong’s advancement today attracted a zombie wave. Eight hunters led the team, and there were more than 30 giant zombies… The safety of the gathering place underwent a test, and overall, it seemed to hold up well.
Oh, by the way, the observation tower is really useful, incredibly useful! We need to increase its height, up to 40 meters!
Today’s attribute record: (omitted)…
The 30th day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Monday.
“Omitted.
 
The 38th day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Tuesday.
The 39th day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Wednesday.
The 40th day of the Apocalypse Calendar…
The 41st day…
The 42nd day…
The 43rd day…
Today, my agility attribute has officially broken through the 100 mark
I’ve become stronger.
However, as I became stronger, my appetite has become increasingly astonishing. I ate more than everyone else in the gathering place combined! Moreover, there’s a shortage of protein.
At the same time, Zhang Chengcheng’s gravity superpower can no longer keep up with my training intensity.
Zhang Chengcheng wants to advance to Level 3 Awakened. There are enough zombie crystals, but the problem is the zombie tide triggered by the advancement.
This made me conflicted for a while and I felt that it’s necessary to give it a try.
The 44th day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Monday.
Name: Lu Ming
Age: 25 years old
Strength: 81.6
Physique: 82.3
Agility: 101.9
Fitness Lv2 (500/1200).
Slingshot Lv20 (566/2000).
M§W$1v15(312/15OO).
Archery Lvi5 (788/1500)
Gun Shooting Lv5 (45/500)
Hand-to-hand Combat Lv20 (259/2000).
Cold Weapon Combat Lvio (621/1000)
Throw Lv4(26/400)
After waking up from the afternoon nap, Lu Ming checked his attributes panel and realized that his attributes had transformed into their current state.
His body contained immense strength.
Even Lu Ming’s physique had undergone significant changes.
His height had increased from 1.8 meters to 1.9 meters. When he weighed himself yesterday, his weight had already reached 300 catties!
Overall, his figure didn’t look bulky, but he was not lean like Wang Xiong.
He appeared somewhat slimmer than a bodybuilder, but there were limits to his slenderness.
With a light fist clench, power surged from his fingertips.
Just as the doorbell rang, Lu Ming went downstairs and turned on the electronic screen, only to see Zhang Chengcheng standing there.
Brother Lu, I’m preparing to advance.
 
Yes, I’m coming.”
Lu Ming unlocked the door and walked out.
Today was the day Zhang Chengcheng advanced.
Lu Ming was very concerned about this.
This was because the Gravity Manipulation was very important to Lu Ming. With his current physical strength, fitness equipment and the like were no longer effective. He could only rely on the Gravity Manipulation.
At the entrance of Lu Ming’s house, Zhang Chengcheng was already holding 10 second-tier Corpse Crystals, fully prepared for the promotion.s
Under Lu Ming’s encouraging gaze, Zhang Chengcheng took a deep breath, preparing to swallow the Corpse Crystal.
Unexpectedly, they heard the sound of bells coming from the watchtower.
After more than 10 days of development, the gathering place had mostly been built, and the watchtower was deemed necessary.
The ringing of the bells at this moment indicated that something was happening, At this moment, the bell rang, which meant that something had happened. But it rang only once, suggesting that it was not a big problem.
Zhang Chengcheng temporarily halted her actions and looked at Lu Ming.
He realized that Lu Ming had agilely climbed up his observation tower and was looking into the distance from a high vantage point.
In the distance, at the entrance of Good Hope Village.
A burly middle-aged man carrying a long spear was walking through the streets toward Good Hope Village.
Strangely, the zombies along the way showed no reaction to the man at all, as if the man was one of them..