Chapter 51 Guilt
Nick took a deep breath.
"Thank you. I will do just that," he said.
The doctor nodded.
After a bit more talking, the doctor left the warehouse.
"What's your plan?" Wyntor asked.
"What I said," Nick said. "I will support Horua until he wakes up."
Wyntor furrowed his brows. "Nick, I need you as my Chief Zephyx Extractor. I can't have you take care of the boy if you can't do your job properly."
"I have to," Nick said with a tone filled with conviction. "This is my responsibility, and I am the one that has to pay the price."
"If Horua dies now, everything would have been for nothing."
"I have already hurt Horua immensely, and I can't even imagine hurting him even more."
"This is all my fault, and I am going to deal with it."
Wyntor frowned.
However, he wasn't actually mad at Nick.
The entire incident with Horua had given Nick something that he had lacked.
A sense of responsibility.
A Chief Zephyx Extractor needed a strong sense of responsibility, or the entire Manufacturer might go out of business.
If something happened, Nick had to deal with these things and take responsibility.
"As long as your work does not suffer, it doesn't matter what you do in your free time," Wyntor said.
"Thank you, Wyntor," Nick said with a sigh.
"However," Wyntor added, "I don't want him here. I will rent a room somewhere, and he can stay in the bed there. The room will be pretty close to the company, which should make it easy for you to take care of him."
Nick wasn't the biggest fan of Wyntor's help, but he knew that he needed to accept some help if he wanted to deal with this issue.
"Okay," Nick said. "Thank you, Wyntor."
Wyntor nodded. "For now, you should work. Pator will deal with Horua for the next eight hours."
Nick felt guilty that Pator had to do more work because of his mistake.
But Nick also knew that he didn't have any other choice.
He couldn't let Horua stay alone for eight full hours.
So, Nick just nodded.
He threw one last glance at Horua.
Whenever he saw Horua like this, Nick felt an intense pain in his chest, and breathing became more difficult.
Guilt.
Such heavy guilt.
Nick released another sigh and entered the Dreamer's Containment Unit.
As always, the Dreamer just stood in its corner as it looked into Nick's eyes.
"He's still alive," Nick said.
The Dreamer showed no reaction.
Nick snorted. "I guess you don't really care."
"For now, I will be mainly working with you, but in the future, I will bring in more people. However, these people will be more resilient than the last person you worked with," Nick said.
The Dreamer showed no reaction.
A moment later, Nick sat down near one of the walls and closed his eyes.
"Let's get to it," he said.
Clank. Clank. Clank.
Nick heard the Dreamer's footsteps, and he knew that it now stood just beside him again.
The Prephyx in the room became denser, and Nick started to feel sleepy.
A minute later, Nick fell asleep.
In his dreams, Horua was dying in increasingly more painful ways as he screamed for Nick's help.
Naturally, it was always Nick's fault that Horua was dying.
Eventually, the Horuas even started to come alive again and told Nick that he was at fault.
Even the world turned into living bodies of Horua, and whenever Nick walked, the Horua he stepped on screamed in pain and died.
The world was screaming at him, telling him that he was the reason why suffering filled all of reality.
Nick broke down again and again.
Nick had uttered The Sentence so many times, but Nurse Alice had never come.
Nick tried to kill himself, but he couldn't.
No matter what he did, he survived.
His suffering was infinite and eternal.
And then, Nick woke up.
All the memories of Nick's dream became hazier and hazier by the second.
Just a moment later, Nick had forgotten nearly everything.
He only knew that his dreams had been related to Horua and that he felt very guilty.
That was all he knew.
Nick looked around in the Containment Unit and saw the Dreamer looking at him from its corner.
Nick sighed and stood up.
After leaving the Containment Unit, Nick was intercepted by Wyntor.
"Nick, we need to talk," Wyntor said with a serious expression.
As soon as he heard that, Nick felt anxiety and fear rise in his chest. "Did something happen to Horua?" he asked.
"No," Wyntor said. "This is more of a good thing."
"Oh, okay," Nick said with a sigh of relief.
"Look at this," Wyntor said as he pointed at the Zephyx gauge.
Right now, the gauge was at ten grams of Zephyx.
"What about it?" Nick asked.
"Every day, the Zephyx tank gets emptied," Wyntor said, "which means that it was at zero before you and the boy arrived."
"Okay?" Nick asked.
"Nick, the boy only produced three grams of Zephyx."
"That means you produced seven grams just now, 40% more than the last time you worked with it."
Nick's eyes widened. "How?"
"That's what I am asking you," Wyntor asked. "What has changed?"
Nick furrowed his brows.
He had no idea.
"I don't know," Nick said.
Wyntor nodded. "Then, find out. It's your job."
"Well, okay," Nick said with uncertainty.
How was he supposed to find out why the amount of Zephyx had changed?
"The boy is in the house across the street," Wyntor said as he took out a key. "This is one of three keys. The owner of the hotel has one. Pator has one. You have one."
Nick took hold of the key and looked at it.
"Thanks, Wyntor," he said.
Wyntor nodded. "See you tomorrow," he said before he grabbed his suitcase and left the building.
Apparently, Wyntor had remained here just to talk with Nick.
Now, Nick was alone.
After some seconds, Nick took a deep breath and left the warehouse.
It was time to visit Horua.



Chapter 52 Caregiver
Nick entered the house opposite the warehouse.
It was quite a big building with five floors.
By now, Nick had gotten used to seeing these big and clean houses, and he wasn't currently in the mood to go sightseeing.
He only wanted to see Horua.
Nick had already seen on the key that Horua would be on the second floor, and in just a couple of seconds, he finally arrived.
He put the key in the lock and unlocked it. It took a bit of getting used to since keys basically didn't exist in the Dregs.
The room was silent.
It was almost like there was no life in this room.
However, Nick quickly saw Horua on the bed.
Right now, Horua was sitting on the bed, looking forward with dead eyes.
In a certain way, Horua's current appearance reminded Nick of the Dreamer.
They both had dead eyes.
Horua was wearing comfortable pajamas, and if it weren't for his impure skin due to living in the Dregs, he would look like any other child from the Outer City.
In the pajamas, Horua looked even more like a child than normal.
Nick took a deep breath and walked over.
"Hey, Horua. Everything alright?" Nick asked, not expecting an answer.
Naturally, he didn't get one.
Nick walked over and put his right arm on Horua's shoulder as he looked at him.
"Horua, I just wanted to say that all of this is my fault and that I am genuinely sorry," Nick said. "I should have known that not everyone can resist a Specter just like this."
"Maybe I should have moved slower?"
"Maybe I should have introduced the Dreamer to you when you were older?"
"I mean, I didn't need you to immediately become a Zephyx Extractor."
Nick was just looking into Horua's dead eyes with a sigh.
"I'm sorry. I wish I had been smarter."
"Sadly, I can't change the past."
"So, the next best thing is to make a bright future for you."
Nick remained silent for a couple of seconds.
"Hey, how about I give you a massage?" Nick asked.
Then, Nick slowly moved Horua onto his stomach.
"The doctor said that we have to regularly move your body, or your health will suffer. Don't worry, I'll make sure that nothing like that will happen."
A moment later, Nick started to massage Horua's body.
For someone who wasn't technically conscious, Horua's muscles were quite strained.
"How does this feel?" Nick asked.
Naturally, Horua didn't answer.
For around 30 minutes, Nick kept massaging Horua's body while talking to him.
After some time, Nick just started telling Horua about his day at work and what their plans were.
Nick wasn't worried about keeping secrets since Horua officially belonged to their company.
When the massage was done, Nick grabbed a bowl and filled it with water.
Nick put the bowl to Horua's mouth, and surprisingly, Horua swallowed when water entered his mouth.
For just a moment, Nick became hopeful.
Yet, Horua showed no other reaction.
"Alright, that should be enough," Nick said.
"Do you want some food next?"
Silence.
"I'll get you some food, okay?"
Nick silently walked out of the room and entered the street.
After looking around for a bit, Nick found a nice place that sold soup.
Even though the price was outrageous, Nick didn't complain.
This was for Horua, which made the price seem unimportant.
Nick returned and slowly fed the soup to Horua.
After a bit of talking, Nick noticed that the room started to smell.
He quickly found the source.
Horua had just wet his clothing and the bed.
Nick could only sigh.
'The doctor said he couldn't go to the toilet on his own.'
Over the next few minutes, Nick also dealt with that mess.
Nick even went out to buy Horua several new sets of pajamas.
For the next couple of hours, Nick just remained in the room with Horua to talk.
Eventually, Nick became tired, and he reluctantly left Horua.
"I will be back in four hours to check on you, okay?" Nick said before leaving the room.
Nick went to the reception of the hotel and rented a room on the same floor as Horua.
The room wasn't anything special.
It was made of clean metal, and it looked quite nice. Just like Horua's bed, Nick's bed was made of a thick sheet of fabric that made it much easier to sleep.
A couple minutes later, Nick went to bed.
Yet, no matter what he did, Nick couldn't fall asleep.
Nick was definitely tired, but for some reason, sleep just wouldn't come to him.
Even more, Nick felt more and more nervous.
'I hope Horua is okay. No one is checking up on him.'
'What if he wet the bed again and has to sleep in his own urine?'
'What if he is thirsty?'
'What if his breathing stopped?'
After over half an hour of trying, Nick left his room and went back into Horua's room.
Horua was lying in bed, just as Nick had left him.
Nothing had changed.
Nick took a deep breath and went back to his room.
Yet, he still couldn't fall asleep, and he became nervous again.
An hour later, he returned to Horua's room again.
Nothing had changed.
Nick wanted to leave again, but he just didn't feel comfortable with leaving Horua alone.
So, Nick just remained in Horua's room.
He was tired, but he didn't try to sleep.
However, since Horua might be asleep, Nick also didn't talk to him.
He just remained in the room in silence without doing anything.
As more time passed, Nick felt a tightness in his chest.
"I'm sorry," Nick whispered.
"I didn't want this to happen."
Silence.
Nick just looked at Horua, different memories of him shooting through his mind.
"I'm so sorry," Nick repeated.
Slowly, Nick's eyes started to get wet, and eventually, tears started to flow down his face.
"Horua, I'm so sorry. I was such an idiot."
"I just want you to recover."
"It's fine if you hate me forever."
"I just want you to recover."
Nick's crying intensified.
"I'm so sorry."



Chapter 53 Interview
"So, how are you with bad situations?" Nick asked the person in front of him.
In front of Nick was a woman in her early twenties.
She had brown hair and wore dirty clothes.
Obviously, she was from the Dregs.
Right now, Nick was interviewing her inside his room in the hotel.
The woman had originally been quite nervous about having a meeting for a job inside someone's room, but by now, she had realized that Nick wasn't trying to hurt her.
"I think I can react in a very calm and deliberate manner," the woman said casually.
Nick nodded. "Have you ever met a Specter?"
"I don't have an ability if that's your question," the woman said.
"Alright, but have you met a Specter before?" Nick repeated.
The woman frowned. "I think so, but I'm not sure," she said.
"Oh? Please elaborate," Nick said.
"Well," the woman started, "legend has it that the leader of the Riker Strikers is a Specter, and I met him before."
"Oh? That's a new one," Nick said. "What makes you think he's a Specter?"
"It's just a legend," the woman said. "People say that Riker has to be a Specter. After all, the Riker Strikers are the only gang that brings nothing positive to the Dregs."
"The Insurance Gang might have some very direct methods, but they protect the people's tax money."
"The Peddlers might charge exorbitant prices and don't allow any competition, but they have the ability to get all these important goods to the Dregs. Without them, so many more people would die."
"The Hub might not care about morals when they accept a mission, but they also give many jobs to a lot of people. Even more, they keep the different gangs in check since the Hub can essentially be bought out by them."
"But the Riker Strikers?"
The woman shook her head.
"The Riker Strikers just steal, rape, and assassinate."
"They want money without offering protection."
"They secretly kill people for seemingly no reason."
"There's nothing good about them."
"Not even a little bit."
"What human would create something like that? Isn't it easier to lead a group of willing humans than forcefully take their belongings every day?"
"At least, that's the explanation," the woman explained. "If Riker is a Specter, these things would make sense."
Nick scratched his chin in interest as he looked at the woman. "That's a very interesting theory. I never met Riker personally since I worked for The Hub most of the time. You said you did?"
The woman nodded. "It was when three men stalked me to my house. I wasn't sure if they just wanted my money or if they also wanted to rape me, but luckily, I never found out."
When the woman had talked about the possibility of getting sexually assaulted, she had seemed quite calm, cold, and indifferent, even though something like that probably terrified most people.
"During that time, I was on a long-term mission for The Hub, and I showed them my symbol as proof."
"Based on their expressions, the three of them didn't like that, but they decided to leave me be."
"That was until Riker appeared."
"I don't know why he was here, but based on how the three men acted and how they addressed Riker, I knew it was the leader of the Riker Strikers."
"When he saw what happened, he just put on a friendly smile and asked since when the Riker Strikers cared about what the other gangs thought of them."
"The three of them turned back to me and started to advance."
"Meanwhile, I turned around and ran away."
"Luckily, one of The Hub's outposts was very close, and I managed to enter and get help."
"The three men fled, but a group from The Hub ran after them."
"I never saw them again after that, and I also didn't hear anything about Riker again," the woman explained.
Nick nodded a couple of times. "How was the infamous Riker?"
"How was he?" the woman repeated as she furrowed her brows. "It's difficult to describe."
"He looked quite charming and beautiful. Back then, I thought he looked abhorrent, but after so many weeks, I can admit that he is very attractive from a general perspective."
"He has this entire playboy vibe to him, but there is also deep confidence in his gaze."
The woman seemed uncomfortable for a couple of seconds.
"I'm not sure if this is relevant," she said eventually, "but I felt like his eyes were strange."
"They looked just like any other pair of eyes, but when I looked into them, I felt like I was looking at some kind of natural predator of mine."
"He felt very, very dangerous."
"I felt like I had to run away from him, no matter what."
The next moment, she snorted.
"Ironically enough, this feeling of having to run away was what allowed me to react this quickly to his men's renewed advance."
Nick looked very intrigued.
"What if you met him again?" Nick asked.
"In what sense?" the woman asked.
"Alone," Nick answered. "Just you two."
A sneer of disgust appeared on the woman's face.
"I would love nothing more than to say that I would kill him, but I probably don't have the strength to do that. I don't think a gang leader is weak," she said.
When Nick heard that, a bright smile appeared on his face.
"Alright, that sounds good," he said.
The woman looked at Nick with newfound anxiety. "So, did everything go well? I feel like it went well."
Nick chuckled and nodded. "Yep. Everything sounds great."
"So, does that mean…?" the woman asked.
Nick nodded. "Yes, I think you are the right person for the job."
The woman's eyes widened in shock.
A Zephyx Extractor?
She was about to become a Zephyx Extractor?!
She almost couldn't believe it.
"Your name was Jennifer, right?" Nick asked.
"Yes," Jennifer asked. "Please, call me Jenny."
"Of course," Nick said.
The next moment, Nick stood up. "Would you mind waiting outside the hotel for around 15 minutes? I have to deal with something first."
"After that, I will show you where you will be working from now on."
"Of course! Thank you so much!" Jenny said with a grateful voice.
The two of them left Nick's room.
While Jenny left the hotel, Nick went to Horua's room.
Nick had to check up on Horua before leaving for work.



Chapter 54 Dark Dream
Nick arrived in Horua's room and saw that it was time to change Horua's clothing again.
By now, Nick had taken care of Horua for over two weeks, and he had gotten pretty good at it.
Over the past two weeks, Nick had searched for someone who could join as another Zephyx Extractor.
This time, Nick was very careful when it came to choosing someone.
After all, he didn't want to make the same mistake again.
Nick had painfully learned why all the Zephyx Manufacturers had such stringent and difficult tests before anyone could join as a Zephyx Extractor.
Just because Nick could interact with a Specter didn't mean that everyone could.
In fact, interacting with a Specter was one of the scariest things in existence.
Humans instinctually felt that the thing in front of them preyed on them.
After the incident with Horua, Nick decided to use the entrance exam he had undertaken in Ghosty's Lab as a guide for creating his own exams.
Except, Nick didn't have all the facilities for the tests.
So, the next best thing was to just hold an interview with someone while trying to gauge their abilities in a conversation.
Nick had interviewed over 20 people from the Dregs by now, but he hadn't been happy with any of them.
There always was some kind of problem.
Sometimes, Nick felt like they were lying to him, and Nick didn't like liars.
Sometimes, Nick felt like what the people were saying sounded unrealistic.
For example, someone once said that they would simply beat up a Specter if they ever saw one.
Luckily, Nick didn't find any of these problems with Jenny.
Jenny was very honest and easy to work with, but when she talked about someone she didn't like, she seemed very cold and distant.
The best thing was that she didn't show any fear, but Nick also didn't feel like she was simply putting on a front.
In a sense, Nick felt like Jenny had no fight-or-flight instinct but just a fight instinct.
Even more, Jenny had honestly said that she ran away from the Riker Strikers without any shame.
She was confident in her choice.
"Hey, Horua," Nick said with a smile as he grabbed a freshly cleaned pair of pajamas. "I finally found someone for the position."
Horua didn't answer.
"Her name is Jenny, and she seems to have quite a character."
Nick told Horua about Jenny while he cleaned up Horua's mess and changed his clothing.
When he was done, he also gave Horua a quick massage.
"Anyway, I told her it would only be 15 minutes, and I've been here for nearly 20. Sorry, Horua, but I gotta go. See you later!" Nick said.
After quietly closing the door, Nick left the hotel.
Jenny was waiting in front of the hotel, and when she saw that Nick had come out, she released a sigh of relief.
Apparently, she had been worried that Nick had stood her up.
"Sorry, took a bit longer than expected," Nick said with a helpless smile.
"Oh, it's fine," Jenny said with a polite smile.
"Anyway, let me show you where you will be working."
When Jenny saw that Nick simply entered the warehouse on the other side of the street, she became quite shocked.
Who held an interview in front of their company's building?!
But when Jenny saw the sturdy walls of the Containment Unit, she realized that this was not just a simple warehouse.
Compared to the walls of the warehouse, the walls of the Containment Unit had an incredible feeling of power to them.
Even more, there were many cables and contraptions scattered around the Containment Unit.
After two weeks, the company had also slightly redecorated its interior.
By now, there were a couple of pieces of art made of metal strewn around, and there were also far more desks and chairs.
On top of that, things had been cleaned up, and a couple of walls made of thin metal separated parts of the warehouse into a couple of rooms.
Basically all of this had been done by Pator at Wyntor's request.
Nick led Jenny to the door of one of the isolated rooms and loudly knocked on it. "Hey, Wyntor! I got someone!"
"Come in!" Wyntor shouted from behind the door.
Jenny looked nervously at the door.
Nick opened the door and led Jenny in.
The inside of Wyntor's office looked different from the rest of the company.
For example, his chair and desk looked much better than all the other ones, and he also had a huge bookshelf with many different books on it.
Almost all of the books were about Specters.
When Wyntor saw Jenny, a small gleam appeared in his eyes, and he stood up.
"Welcome," Wyntor said with a smile. "My name is Wyntor Melfion, and I am the president and CEO of Dark Dream."
Jenny blinked a couple of times. "Dark Dream?"
"Hasn't Nick told you about the name of our company?" Wyntor asked with a smile.
"No, I didn't," Nick said. "The NDA thing, you know?"
Wyntor just chuckled politely. "Of course."
Then, Wyntor turned to Jenny again. "So, you will be joining Dark Dream as a new Zephyx Extractor, right?"
"Y-yes, sir," Jenny said with nervousness.
For some reason, Wyntor felt much more imposing and powerful than Nick to her.
"Perfect!" Wyntor said before pointing at a chair. "Please, sit down. I want to ask you a couple of things and tell you a bit more about Dark Dream."
While Jenny sat down, Nick walked out of the door. "I'll get to work then. Tell Pator to take care of Horua."
"Of course," Wyntor said.
"Thanks," Nick said. "Should I leave the door open or closed?"
"Close it," Wyntor said.
Nick nodded and closed the door.
While Nick walked over to the Dreamer's Containment Unit, Wyntor looked at Jenny with a friendly smile.
For several minutes, Wyntor asked Jenny questions, and the more he heard about her, the more fitting she seemed to be for Dark Dream.
'Nick actually got a good one this time,' Wyntor thought.
While Nick was sleeping in the Containment Unit, Wyntor took out several sheets of paper for Jenny to sign.
After signing all of them, Wyntor smiled again.
"Thank you, and welcome to Dark Dream!"



Chapter 55 Jenny and the Dreamer
By now, Nick had gotten pretty good at working with the Dreamer, and working with it no longer required special preparations.
While Nick was working with the Dreamer, Wyntor was telling Jenny everything relevant about Dark Dream, her future workplace.
From what Wyntor told her, their company was named Dark Dream due to their first Specter, the Dreamer.
When Nick had captured the Specter, he needed to brave the darkness and the Dreamer.
So, Wyntor had come up with the name Dark Dream.
When Jenny heard about how Nick had captured the Dreamer, her respect for him had grown even more.
Jenny had already respected Nick, but it was still difficult to feel true respect for someone who was still a teenager.
Naturally, Jenny also knew how impressive it was to fall under the Nightmare's influence so many times.
The more often it happened in a short timeframe, the more brutal the visions became.
Eight hours later, Nick walked out of the Containment Unit as he yawned a bit.
Even though he had just slept for eight hours, he felt very exhausted and tired.
The first thing Nick did after coming out of the Containment Unit was to check on the amount of Zephyx he had produced.
'Still seven grams. Except for that one change two weeks ago, nothing else changed. It's still seven grams,' Nick thought as he rubbed his chin in thought.
'With Jenny, I should be able to glean some more information.'
Nick looked around and quickly found Jenny.
Right now, Pator was showing her a couple of things in the warehouse.
"Hey, Jenny," Nick shouted as he came closer.
Pator and Jenny turned to Nick.
"Good work today, Nick," Pator said with a friendly smile.
"Welcome back, sir," Jenny said with a bit of nervousness.
"Sir?" Nick repeated with a chuckle. "Just call me Nick."
Jenny seemed a bit unsure. "Sure thing… Nick," she said with a bit of discomfort.
Nick just nodded with a smile. "Jenny, do you have somewhere to be in the next eight hours?"
"No," Jenny answered.
Nick nodded. "Today is your first day, but if you feel up to it, you can work with the Dreamer right now."
Nick didn't care that Pator was present. By now, Pator was also under an NDA, and he had already heard a lot about Dark Dream's secrets.
Jenny looked with a bit of excitement at Nick. "This means I would also get my first payment, right?"
"Sure. That's not an issue," Nick said.
"Then, I would like to work with the Dreamer right now," Jenny said. "Although, I need to inform my partner at home first. She hasn't heard from me the entire day, and she will be very worried if I stay until deep into the night."
"Pator can do that," Nick said before turning to Pator. "Right?"
"Naturally," Pator said with a smile. "I'll deal with it after visiting Horua again."
"Thanks, Pator," Nick said. "If everything goes as planned, I can take over in about an hour or so."
"Sure thing, Nick," Pator said before turning to Jenny. "Where's your home?"
Jenny gave Pator instructions on what to say and where to go, and Pator quickly left the building.
The next moment, Nick smiled at Jenny. "Then, let's go."
Jenny nodded and followed after Nick.
Both of them looked to be calm, but in truth, both of them were quite nervous.
Jenny had never truly interacted with a Specter. She wanted to seem fearless, but deep inside, she was still worried that the Specter's presence would be too much for her to handle.
Nick wanted to seem confident, but he was just as nervous as Jenny. The last time he had introduced someone to the Dreamer, that person had become catatonic.
Nick hoped that Jenny could resist the Dreamer better.
After opening the employee door, both of them walked into the Containment Unit.
As always, the Dreamer stood in its corner, looking at Nick expressionlessly.
Jenny stood diagonally behind Nick, and when she saw the Dreamer, her heart rate increased by quite a bit.
Jenny took a deep breath as her chest shook, but she managed to keep her composure.
Just as expected, the Dreamer's Aura was hard to bear for Jenny.
She felt like she was in contact with her natural predator.
Remaining here spelled nothing but death, and her emotions were telling her to run away.
However, Jenny's rationality kept her emotions in check, stopping them from dictating her actions.
She had already been informed about the Dreamer, and she knew what she had to do.
'Nothing will happen to me,' Jenny thought while taking deep breaths, trying to calm herself. 'I will not die. The only thing to fear is fear itself.'
The next moment, the Dreamer looked away from Nick and looked into Jenny's eyes.
Jenny's heart rate increased even more as she started to sweat coldly.
However, she just gritted her teeth and looked back.
When Nick saw her reaction, he smiled.
"Alright," Nick said, looking at the Dreamer. "This is Jenny. You will be working for eight hours after our sessions every day."
The Dreamer didn't react.
Silence.
"Well, seems like there are no issues," Nick said with a casual shrug.
Jenny wasn't put at ease by Nick's casual demeanor.
"Alright," Nick said, turning to Jenny. "Where do you want to sleep? I usually sleep with my back against the wall, but you don't have to do that."
Jenny took a deep breath. "I'd like to sit in a corner."
"Sure," Nick said.
The next moment, Jenny went to one of the corners and awkwardly sat down.
Nick nodded. "The Dreamer will now come to you and put you to sleep. Don't resist its influence. After all, we want you to sleep."
Jenny nervously nodded.
Nick looked over at the Dreamer. "You can start."
The Dreamer slowly turned to look at Jenny.
Clink. Clink. Clink.
And slowly walked up to her.
All of Jenny's being was telling her to run as far away as she could.
She was about to die!
However, Jenny managed to keep her emotions in check and kept forcing her eyes closed.
After a couple of seconds, Jenny started to feel tired.
She wanted to resist the influence, but once again, she managed to keep her emotions in check.
Eventually, she got too tired to even think about resisting.
And then, she fell asleep.



Chapter 56 Successful Session
When Nick saw Jenny fall asleep, he nodded with pride.
'That went quite smoothly,' he thought.
For the next 30 minutes, Nick waited in the Containment Unit to make sure that nothing was happening.
Nothing happened.
"I will be back in a bit," Nick told the Dreamer as he left the Containment Unit.
Naturally, the Dreamer didn't answer.
"How did it go?" Wyntor asked, standing in front of the exit of the Containment Unit.
"Perfect," Nick said with a grin. "She was obviously scared, but she didn't run away and voluntarily sat down to sleep."
Wyntor also smiled. "You found a good one this time, Nick."
Nick nodded. "Yep! If everything works out, she will take the shift after mine, which should be from 2 pm. to 10 pm. I will arrive at 6 am. now every morning since I'm not the only one working with the Dreamer anymore."
"Sounds great," Wyntor said. "Now, we only need one more person."
Nick sighed. "I'm not looking forward to more of these interviews, but that's why I'm getting paid more."
Wyntor chuckled a bit. "That's how it works, yes."
"Is Pator back?" Nick asked.
"He's outside," Wyntor said.
Nick nodded and walked out of the door.
Nick quickly found Pator and talked to him a bit before going back to the hotel.
After entering Horua's room, a bitter smile appeared on Nick's face, and he sat on the bed beside Horua.
As always during the day, Horua sat on his bed, just looking into empty space without doing anything.
"Hey, Horua. You remember the new employee I told you about this morning?"
Nick talked to Horua for a while, telling him everything about his day.
After that, Nick got Horua some soup and some water.
"I'll be right back. I also have to check up on Jenny," Nick said before going back to the warehouse.
Nick entered the Containment Unit and saw that nothing had changed.
For the next eight hours, Nick went back and forth between the warehouse and Horua's room.
Finally, the eight hours were up, and it was time for Nick to wake up Jenny.
"Hey, eight hours are over," Nick said to the Dreamer, still standing over Jenny.
The Dreamer had been focused on Jenny's closed eyes, but amoment later, its head slowly moved back.
It slowly turned to look at Nick before going back to its corner.
Nick just nodded before walking up to Jenny.
After gently nudging her for a while, Jenny slowly opened her eyes.
But then, her eyes suddenly shot open, and she immediately pulled her ams up like she was trying to protect herself from an attacker.
"Wow, wow, cam down, Jenny!" Nick shouted.
Jenny froze. "Nick?" she asked in confusion.
Then, she slowly lowered her ams and looked around.
"Oh, right!" she shouted before her eyes fixed on the Dreamer.
She still felt scared looking at it, but it was not as bad as before.
"Is it over?" Jenny asked.
"Yep," Nick answered. "Eight hours are up. You successfully finished your first session with a Specter! Congratulations!"
Jenny amost couldn't believe it.
She had done it!
She had actually worked with a Specter!
So, did this mean that she was a real Zephyx Extractor now?
She didn't feel any different, though.
"Come, let's go out," Nick said.
Jenny looked more at the Dreamer as she followed Nick out of the Containment Unit.
When the door closed behind her, she felt like a huge pressure had vanished from her shoulder.
"Want to see how much Zephyx you made?" Nick asked with a smile.
Jenny's eyes opened wide with intrigue, and she nodded.
Nick led her to the console and looked at the gauge.
Yet, when Nick saw the results, he was surprised.
"Four grams," he said with interest.
"Is that a lot?" Jenny asked.
"For the company, four grams represent 4,000 credits," Nick said. "For you, it represents 400 credits."
Jenny just looked with shock and surprise at the gauge.
400 credits.
She had just earned 400 credits.
For just eight hours of work.
For just this bit of work, Jenny had secured two months of taxes for her and her partner.
It was ridiculous!
"Want your money?" Nick asked.
Jenny felt a bit put on the spot, but she still nodded sheepishly. "Sorry, but I really need it."
"Of course," Nick said with a chuckle. "Wyntor already went home. So, let me get your money."
Nick walked over to Wyntor's office and opened it with a key.
Inside Wyntor's office, Nick took out a thin sheet of malleable metal and put it on the desk.
The next moment, Nick grabbed a couple of different metallic stamps and heated them on some kind of hot plate.
Lastly, Nick stamped the number 400 into the malleable piece of metal and then stamped Dark Dream's official stamp on the bottom.
After waiting for a bit, Nick grabbed the bottom of the piece of metal and pulled.
A second piece of metal with a different color was pulled out of the first piece of metal.
The second piece of metal also had the number 400 and the company's stamp on it.
Naturally, the first piece of metal was some kind of document that allowed the owner to take 400 credits out of Dark Dream's account, and the second piece of metal was a copy.
Nick left the copy on Wyntor's desk and left with the first piece of metal.
"Here you go," Nick said, handing the first piece of metal to Jenny.
Jenny just looked at it with confusion.
"Hand this to this bank," Nick said, pointing at a symbol at the corner of the piece of metal. "They will keep the plate and give you 400 credits in exchange."
Jenny looked with wonder at the plate.
"By the way," Nick said, remembering something. "You should have an ability now."
Jenny looked at Nick with a bit of confusion.
"You know, an ability from a Specter," Nick said. "The very thing that makes Zephyx Extractors Zephyx Extractors."
Jenny realized what Nick meant and looked at her hands with wonder.
"What kind of ability?" she asked.
"I dunno."



Chapter 57 Ability
Jenny just looked at Nick with dumbfound confusion.
"I have no idea," Nick repeated. "My Zephyx Synchronizer was already attuned when I came into contact with the Dreamer, which was why I didn't get its ability, and the only other person who worked with it is in some sort of coma."
"Coma?" Jenny asked in shock.
"Yeah, I didn't want to tell you before you worked with the Dreamer since it would make you more nervous without a good reason," Nick said. "Let's just say that I messed up with the last person. I took someone that obviously didn't have the mental fortitude to work with a Specter."
"But I believed in you, and my trust was not misplaced."
Jenny became a bit more nervous when she heard that someone had been put into a coma because of the Dreamer.
"What happened?" Jenny asked.
Nick sighed. "After five hours, the Dreamer walked away from him, and he started to have a seizure. He hasn't really woken up since then. That was about two weeks ago."
"You, on the other hand, finished the full eight hours, which means that you're not in danger," Nick added.
Jenny was still a bit uncertain, but she didn't complain.
She had just earned 400 credits, which was insane.
"Anyway," Nick said. "You should really try to find out what kind of ability you unlocked. If you feel uncomfortable trying alone, we can try tomorrow."
"Tomorrow, I need you here at 2 pm. 2 pm, on the dot, enter the Containment Unit and tell the Dreamer to wake me up. I'll show you how to operate this thing," Nick said as he pointed at the console of the Containment Unit.
For the next ten minutes, Nick showed Jenny how to operate the console, and eventually, Jenny left to go to the bank and home.
After Jenny left, Nick went to one part of the Containment Unit, which he then unlocked with a key.
Inside, Nick found a small tube with something that looked like white powder.
This was Zephyx.
Nick carefully took out the tube and put an empty one in before closing the metal plate again.
After that, Nick entered Wyntor's office and put the tube of Zephyx on top of the copy of Jenny's payment.
When he was done, Nick nodded once in satisfaction and left the warehouse.
Nick checked up on Horua, slept for four hours, checked up on Horua again, and slept for another three hours.
Nick grabbed a quick bite to eat and entered the warehouse.
Pator was already here.
Pator always had to come early since Nick was working with the Dreamer during this time.
After some small talk, Nick entered the Dreamer's Containment Unit and fell asleep.
About eight hours later, Nick opened his eyes and saw Jenny standing beside him.
"Already time to stand up?" Nick asked with a yawn.
Jenny nodded with a smile. "Yep."
Nick nodded, stood up, and walked out of the Containment Unit.
Jenny followed him.
"I know what kind of ability I have," Jenny said.
"Oh?" Nick asked with interest. "Tell me."
"I'll show you!" Jenny said with some excitement. "Don't worry. It won't hurt."
Nick nodded.
Jenny walked over and put her hands on Nick's head.
Nick just looked with confusion at her.
Then, Nick yawned again and started to get drowsy.
Nick's eyes closed by themselves, and he felt weakness enter his limbs.
Jenny slowly removed her hands from Nick's head, and the drowsiness became weaker.
Nick opened his eyes again and realized what had happened.
"You can make people fall asleep?" Nick asked.
Jenny nodded. "Just like the Dreamer!"
Nick was excited to find out, but he also had to furrow his brows.
"That's not very useful for combat," he said.
"I thought that too initially, but I'm not so sure anymore," Jenny said.
Nick looked at her with a raised eyebrow.
"If my opponent doesn't know that I'm their opponent, I can get close to them and… well…" Jenny explained as she started to feel a bit awkward.
Nick just scratched the back of his head in confusion. "And what?" he asked.
"Well, you know," Jenny said. "Tell them to come to my place, hug them, and… you know…"
"Oh! That!" Nick said. "You mean seduce them and covertly use your ability while hugging their head or something, right?"
"Yes, that," Jenny said with a bit of embarrassment. "While I use my ability, my opponent falls into a very deep sleep. They won't easily wake up, even if I make a lot of noise. While they are asleep, I can probably collapse the entire house, and they would only notice when the ceiling hits them."
Nick nodded with interest.
"Also, that's not everything," Jenny said.
"Oh?" Nick uttered.
"I can also somewhat look into dreams," Jenny said.
"Look into dreams?" Nick asked. "Can you control them like the Dreamer?"
Jenny shook her head. "No, I can't do that, but I can somewhat feel what's happening in their dreams. I tried it a bit with my partner last night. I didn't find out a lot, but I think that's because I'm simply not used to this ability yet. With more practice, I can probably find out more."
"That's very interesting," Nick said with a nod. "Have you told Wyntor already?"
Jenny nodded. "Yes. He told me that there might be other uses for my ability. When there is an opportunity, he might give me some other tasks."
"Makes sense," Nick said.
"By the way," Jenny added. "Wyntor wants to talk to you."
"Sure thing," Nick said. "I'll talk to him while you're sleeping."
Jenny and Nick talked for a bit more before they entered the Dreamer's Containment Unit.
This time, falling asleep was even easier for Jenny.
Eventually, Nick left the Containment Unit and went into Wyntor's office.
He saw Wyntor looking at several sheets of paper.
"Hey, Wyntor. You wanted to see me?" Nick asked.
"Yes, Nick," Wyntor said. "Please, sit down."
Wyntor gestured to a chair in front of his desk.
Nick felt a bit uncomfortable.



Chapter 58 Growth
Nick nervously sat down.
He knew that something was up since Wyntor was taking on a very distant and professional tone.
"What's up?" Nick asked.
Wyntor took hold of the copy of the metal plate Nick had made the day before and showed it to Nick. "This."
Nick raised an eyebrow.
"I know that yesterday was a special day and all since Jenny needed the money quickly, but you can't just forge my signature. If I wanted to, I could sue you and get all of your money," Wyntor said.
"But everything was correct, right?" Nick asked. "So, there are no issues."
Wyntor slightly shook his head. "Yes, the amount was correct, but you went too far and meddled with my job. I never meddle with your job since it's your job."
"Nick, you cannot hand out money to people in the name of the company. You do not have the right or the power to do that," Wyntor said with a serious voice.
Nick furrowed his brows. "Then, what should I have done? She needed the money."
"Call me," Wyntor said. "I told you how you can reach me. Just call me. I would have arrived within 30 minutes and would have given her the money."
Nick looked a bit uncomfortable. "You've worked for nearly 16 hours yesterday. I didn't want to waste another hour of your time."
"I get where you are coming from," Wyntor said, "but you can't just hand out money. If there is an emergency like the one yesterday, call me. It doesn't matter what happened before that. If there is a genuine emergency, you always need to call me."
Nick sighed. "Fine. I won't meddle in your tasks anymore, Wyntor."
Wyntor smiled and nodded. "Then, there are no issues, Nick."
The next moment, Wyntor took out ametal plate and handed it to Nick. "I will give Jenny her money at the same time as you. In general, I look at the revenue from yesterday and hand you two the money at about 2 pm. When you're both here."
Nick nodded and took the metal plate.
He could see the number 1,800 on it.
Since Nick produced seven grams of Zephyx, he got 1,400 credits for his own work, and since he was the Chief Zephyx Extractor, he also got 10% of what Jenny produced, which was another 400 credits.
1,800 credits in a day.
That was a lot, even for the people in the Outer City.
Usually, people in the Outer City earned between 1,500 and 4,000 credits per month.
Nick was making 1,800 per day.
Sure enough, being a Zephyx Extractor was extremely lucrative.
Nick took the metal plate and pocketed it.
"Everything going well with Jenny?" Wyntor asked.
Nick nodded. "Nothing to complain about."
"Good," Wyntor answered with a smile.
After some more small talk, Nick left Wyntor's office and went to Horua.
When Nick entered Horua's room, he saw Pator cleaning up.
After greeting each other, Pator told Nick about the next candidates.
Nick told Pator to send them to his room in 30 minutes one by one, as always.
30 minutes later, a person walked into Nick's room, and the two of them talked about many things over the next hour.
Sadly, the candidate seemed quite fidgety and nervous, which meant that he most likely wasn't a fit for the position of Zephyx Extractor.
The second person wasn't any better.
The third person seemed a bit weird. Just to be careful, Nick refused them.
After dealing with Horua again and eating some things, Nick went to wake up Jenny, and the two of them went home.
This was how a normal day for Nick went.
He woke up, worked with the Dreamer, talked a bit with Jenny, got his money, dealt with Horua, interviewed a couple of people, talked with Jenny again, dealt with Horua one more time, and went to sleep.
One day.
About two weeks later, Nick finally found a third candidate.
His name was Trevor, and he also came from the Dregs.
Trevor seemed to be quite a confident individual who smirked a lot.
He was pretty good at socializing and seemed to be the center of every gathering.
Some people perceived him to be annoying, but others found him to be chaming and amusing.
When he met the Dreamer for the first time, he mostly smiled bitterly and cracked several jokes.
Apparently, that was his method of coping with intense fear and stressful situations. He was just laughing and trying to lighten the spirits of everyone.
Luckily, Trevor managed to work with the Dreamer without issues, and eight hours later, he woke up with his new ability.
Just like Jenny, Trevor could put people to sleep and observe part of their dreams.
When Wyntor met Trevor, he thought that the Dreamer's ability fit him very well.
Jenny was very straightforward and honest, which meant that deception was not in her blood.
However, Trevor was different.
Trevor had a very loud and direct personality, and he was good at masking his intentions.
If Wyntor ever needed some kind of secret agent, Trevor would be amuch better fit than Jenny.
From now on, Trevor would take the shift from 10 pm. to 6 am.
This meant that the Dreamer's output had reached its maximum potential.
Per day, Nick produced seven grams of Zephyx, Jenny produced four grams of Zephyx, and Trevor produced five grams of Zephyx for a total of 16 grams of Zephyx.
That meant Dark Dream was bringing in 16,000 credits per day!
For one more month, everyone worked with the Dreamer.
That was when Wyntor wanted to talk to Nick again.
With the money now flowing in and the Dreamer being worked with at full efficiency, it was now time to expand.
They needed a second Specter.
Sadly, since the company wasn't earning enough to create a full team of Investigators, it was once more up to Nick to find the next Specter.
But this time, it wouldn't be as easy.
At least, that was what Nick thought.



Chapter 59 Levels
"We currently have liquid funds of a bit over 400,000 credits. That means we can purchase another Containment Unit," Wyntor said as he sat in front of Nick in his office.
"400,000 credits?" Nick asked. "I thought we only had something like 250,000 credits."
"There are a couple of tricks that can increase the value of our Zephyx," Wyntor said. "My job is not only for show, after all. If I don't do a good job, the money that comes in doesn't reach its full potential."
Nick just nodded.
Nick had never suspected that Wyntor wasn't working.
Even though Nick didn't know what Wyntor was doing all day, he still trusted in him.
There were probably many things that Wyntor was doing that Nick and his two employees didn't even notice.
"So, we can get a new Containment Unit and get a second Specter?" Nick asked.
Wyntor nodded. "I've been in talks with a manufacturer for Containment Units, and I managed to get quite a good deal. Under normal circumstances, the next level of Containment Unit costs about 1.5 million credits, but in exchange for exclusively buying their products, I managed to snag one of those for the price of a cheap one at around 450,000 credits."
Nick's eyes widened in surprise and wonder.
As someone who had never worked in a company before, Wyntor's work always seemed so nebulous to Nick.
While Nick trusted that Wyntor was working, he had never really felt the impact.
But now, Nick actually saw what impact Wyntor had on the business.
The entire business had only brought in something like 250,000 credits of Zephyx for its savings account.
Yet, due to Wyntor, all of that increased to 400,000 credits.
And now, Wyntor had essentially brought in another million credits in goods.
Just by cleverly negotiating with some people, Wyntor had essentially brought in four times as much money as the remaining employees combined!
Naturally, without the employees, Wyntor wouldn't be able to get that much money, but still, Wyntor was increasing the wealth of Dark Dream a lot!
"The Containment Unit I am going to purchase has a light tunnel, which means we don't need to light it with artificial light anymore," Wyntor explained. "Additionally, it can withstand Adolescent Specters, which should also secure our future with the Dreamer."
"Due to the Dreamer's rapid growth and since we constantly need to light its Containment Unit, I will put the Dreamer into the new Containment Unit. We can use its current Containment Unit for a new Specter."
Nick nodded.
Nick had noticed that the Dreamer's output of Zephyx had increased a couple of days before.
By now, Nick was producing ten grams of Zephyx, Jenny was producing six, and Trevor was producing eight.
Since the Zephyx production for all employees increased at the same time, it meant that the reason for that was with the Specter.
Nick hadn't been sure what had happened, but Wyntor had known.
The Dreamer was growing more powerful.
Every Specter needed to feed to become stronger, and the Dreamer was no exception.
Naturally, the Dreamer's power increased by giving people nightmares, and by constantly working with it for two months, it had gotten a lot of food.
According to Wyntor's calculations, the Dreamer had reached the Peak of the Hatchling Stage.
In every stage, there were five levels.
Initial, Early, Mid, Late, Peak.
Each level had an increase of power of about 1.5 to the previous level.
So, if an Initial Hatchling had a power of 1, an Early Hatchling would have 1.5, a Mid Hatchling would have about 2.3, a Late Hatchling would have about 3.4, and a Peak Hatchling would have about 5.
This meant that a Peak Hatchling was about five times as powerful as an Initial Hatchling.
Surprisingly, that was also about equal to Nick's strength increase when his ability was activated.
 Whenever a Specter advanced a level, the power of its ability increased, as well as its physical strength.
Back when Nick had caught the Dreamer, the Dreamer had been a Mid Hatchling, close to becoming a Late Hatchling.
This meant its physical power had been about 2.3 times stronger than the power of an Initial Hatchling.
Based on the body and the type of Specter, an Initial Hatchling was about as strong as an average adult male or stronger.
In the Dreamer's case, it would have been about as strong as an average adult male since it was not a physical fighter.
Naturally, without his ability, Nick's power had also been about as strong as an average adult male, but he still counted as much stronger than average in the Dregs since everyone was malnourished.
That had been why the Dreamer had been so much more powerful than Nick.
But when Nick's ability activated, he had been much more powerful than the Dreamer.
Yet, if the Dreamer had been as powerful back then as it was now, Nick wouldn't have been able to put up a fight.
It would have simply torn Nick apart.
Right now, the Dreamer was just as powerful as Nick had been when he had captured it with his ability active.
However, one had to remember that Zephyx Extractors could also become more powerful.
When the Dreamer produced Zephyx, Nick also absorbed part of the Zephyx, but it was important to note that Nick's increase in power wasn't compromising the Zephyx production.
When a Zephyx Extractor worked with a Specter, both of them produced Zephyx, but only the Zephyx produced by the Specter would be harvested.
The Zephyx produced by the Zephyx Extractor would never leave the Extractor's body and would immediately get absorbed, increasing the Extractor's power.
In general, the Zephyx the Extractor produced was about 20% of what the Specter produced, but this ratio could vary.
This meant if Nick made the Dreamer produce ten grams of Zephyx, Nick would gain about two grams of Zephyx for himself.
Under normal circumstances, this would mean that the Dreamer would grow five times as quickly as Nick.
However, one had to remember that the Containment Unit harvested 90% of the Zephyx, which meant that, from the ten grams produced, the Dreamer could only keep one gram.
But then, one also had to keep in mind that three different people were working with the Dreamer for a total of about 24 grams of Zephyx every day.
This meant, per day, the Dreamer was growing by about 2.4 grams of Zephyx, and Nick was growing by about two grams.
Yet, due to the difference in level, Nick didn't need as much Zephyx as the Dreamer to advance, which meant that he was growing quicker.
So, what did this mean for Nick's actual power?
Well, just yesterday, Nick had managed to advance another level, and right now…
Nick was at the Late First Stage.
Or Late Newbie, if one used the unofficial denotion.



Chapter 60 Adolescent
In essence, this meant that Nick was about 3.4 times as powerful as he had been when he had caught the Dreamer.
Since the Dreamer didn't have an ability useful for combat, Nick could have probably caught the Dreamer even without his ability if he had been that powerful back then.
But that didn't mean that Specters were no longer dangerous.
The physical bodies of the Specters were only a small part of their strength.
The truly threatening and terrifying part was their ability.
For example, due to his family, Wyntor had gained a very powerful ability from a Specter.
The ability wasn't very useful for capturing Specters, but it was incredibly useful for staying alive.
The ability had come from the Specter called The Blinding Light.
The Blinding Light was a level three Specter that looked like a floating ball of light.
The Specter belonged to Kugelblitz, which was how Wyntor had been able to gain its ability.
While The Blinding Light could theoretically smash into someone with its body, that was not why it was dangerous.
Its true power was its ability to burn people.
The Blinding Light could burn any living being in its vicinity…
Unless they directly looked at it.
However, if they directly looked at The Blinding Light, their eyes would burn away.
In essence, one was exchanging their sight for survival.
If one lost their eyes, they would become immune to the burning effect of The Blinding Light.
This effectively meant that one had to fight The Blinding Light without eyes.
If The Blinding Light were a Hatchling and if Nick had tried to catch it, things would have turned out very differently.
The Blinding Light's ability was actually useful for combat, compared to the Dreamer's ability.
Nick wouldn't be sure how to capture The Blinding Light if it were a Hatchling, and he also wouldn't be sure if he could survive.
Luckily, the Dreamer didn't have a useful ability for combat.
When Wyntor told Nick about The Blinding Light, he also told him how much he hated it.
Wyntor had its ability, and to gain its ability, Wyntor had needed to lose his eyes five times.
He said that this had been the most painful experience of his life.
Wyntor even told Nick that it usually wouldn't take that many times to gain The Blinding Light's ability.
Usually, people only needed to have their eyes burned thrice.
Some even got it after only two times.
But Wyntor needed five times.
Of course, Nick asked why, and Wyntor's answer was pretty simple.
"It means I'm not talented in producing Zephyx. It means I have no talent for becoming a Zephyx Extractor."
Naturally, being a Zephyx Extractor was one of the most prestigious professions in the world, and it was more than enough to become an heir to the Melfion family.
Yet, since Wyntor had no talent, he had to go the administrative route and become an amazing businessman.
But for that, he needed money, which was why they were now talking about getting a second Specter.
"Don't forget that, even though you've grown much more powerful, a Specter, even a Hatchling, can still prove to be your death," Wyntor said with a warning tone.
 "Naturally, I don't expect you to go after an Adolescent Specter. The Dreamer will become an Adolescent Specter soon enough, and it will occupy the new Containment Unit. This means we need another Hatchling."
Nick nodded.
"Anyway," Wyntor continued. "I followed up on Jenny's clue regarding the Riker Strikers."
"Oh?" Nick uttered, looking at Wyntor with interest.
"I found out quite some interesting pieces of information," Wyntor said. "For example, the Riker Strikers have only appeared in the Dregs about five years ago."
"Before that, there had been no Riker Strikers."
Nick nodded. He remembered that no one had talked about the Riker Strikers back then, but they very quickly appeared.
It was almost like they became extremely powerful overnight.
Back then, Nick had barely been eleven years old, and he had been busy getting his own life on track, which was why he had barely noticed anything.
"Their leader, Riker, had also seemingly appeared out of nowhere," Wyntor continued. "Well, seemingly. After a lot of digging, I actually found some sightings of him before he became the leader of the Riker Strikers."
"Based on witness accounts, Riker was someone that worked for The Hub, and he accepted basically every single dirty mission that gave a lot of money."
"He mostly did assassinations, beating people up, extorting money, threatening people, and so on."
"He amassed quite a bit of wealth for the Dregs' standards."
"Now, if this were everything, he wouldn't seem strange, but there are two things that rubbed me the wrong way when I heard them," Wyntor said.
Nick leaned forward with interest.
"First," Wyntor said as he lifted his right index finger, "he didn't always accept the job with the biggest paycheck."
"Of course, under normal circumstances, that doesn't seem strange. After all, jobs that pay very well often require you to do horrible things or very dangerous things."
"But in his case, the opposite was true."
"He didn't actually aim for the best-paying jobs, but for the jobs that needed him to commit the most horrible acts."
Nick's eyes widened in surprise.
"People just think that he went for the jobs with the biggest reward since those jobs were also the most horrifying ones, most of the time."
"I understand that some people want a lot of money, but it is very strange that he specifically ignores money just so he can commit more horrible deeds," Wyntor said.
Nick furrowed his brows and nodded. "Yes, that doesn't seem normal."
Wyntor also nodded. "The second thing is even more surprising."
Wyntor leaned forward.
"Not even a single merchant that sells food recalls ever selling food to Riker."
Nick's eyes widened.
Now, that was very suspicious!
"That means Jenny was right, right?" Nick asked.
Wyntor nodded. "Most likely."
"I think Riker is a Specter."
Nick became excited when he heard that.
"Don't get excited just yet," Wyntor said with a serious expression.
Nick looked with a raised eyebrow at Wyntor.
"Based on how long he has operated in the Dregs and how far his social power has grown, I'm quite certain of one thing."
"Riker is not a Hatchling."
"He's an Adolescent."
"That means we can't go after him just yet."



Chapter 61 Ability Advancement
"An Adolescent?" Nick repeated.
Wyntor nodded. "I am not entirely sure how he gains more power, but based on his behavior in the past, I would say that he becomes stronger by causing others fear or by just doing horrible things. I'm not sure about the specifics."
"Riker has been in the Dregs for quite a while, and by now, he has amassed a gang with over 50 members. He has probably caused an incredible amount of grief, which should have given him a lot of power. I doubt very much that he's a Hatchling."
Nick looked with worry at Wyntor. "Could he be an Adult Specter?" he asked.
Wyntor shook his head. "Very unlikely. It takes a lot for a Specter to grow."
"We have been feeding the Dreamer 247, and after months, it still only advanced by 1.5 levels. If we keep going at this rate, it will probably take three years or so to turn the Dreamer into an Adult Specter."
"And that's considering that we keep feeding him with powerful Zephyx Extractors. Nick, you have to keep in mind that something stronger also produces much more Zephyx. For example, if we keep sending in Newbie Extractors while the Dreamer is an Adolescent, it would take over 15 years for it to become an Adult."
"While Riker has a great reach, a lot of his terror is spread over his gang, and I don't think that suffering by proxy gives as much Zephyx as directly inflicting the suffering."
"At most, Riker is a Late Adolescent, and I'm already very generous with that evaluation. Most likely, he's an Early or Mid Adolescent," Wyntor explained.
Nick just furrowed his brows. "And we don't have a shot at taking him?"
Wyntor shook his head. "Since the difference between Realms is a twofold increase in power and since Riker is most likely an Early Adolescent, his physical power would be about five times as much as you, and that's only considering his physical power."
"He most likely also has an ability that is very useful in combat, which would make it extremely difficult to deal with him. Even if you could keep your ability perpetually active, you would most likely lose."
Nick could only sigh when he heard that.
"So, we don't go after Riker just yet," Nick said.
"We don't," Wyntor repeated.
"But then what?" Nick asked. "We are out of ideas now."
"That's how all the Zephyx Manufacturers feel," Wyntor told Nick. "Getting the Specters is always the most difficult part."
Nick could only sigh.
"Guess that means that I have to go out and find a Specter again."
"Sadly, yes," Wyntor said. "We are still lacking the funds to create a full team of Investigators."
Nick sighed once again. "Okay," he said. "I'll do my best and look for a Specter, but I'm honestly not sure where I can find one."
Wyntor nodded. "This time, our survival isn't dependent on your rapid success. Even if you don't find one immediately, we are still earning money with the Dreamer."
"If there is a deadline, it will most likely be when you are about to become a level two Extractor, but that should still take a bit more than a year or two," Wyntor said.
"You mean the Ability Advancement?" Nick asked.
Wyntor nodded.
"I guess you're right," Nick said. "I don't think the Dreamer would advance my ability in a very useful or meaningful way."
What made the advancements between Stages different from advancements between levels?
Why was a Peak level one Zephyx Extractor becoming an Initial level two Zephyx Extractor far more meaningful than an Initial level two Zephyx Extractor becoming an Early level two Zephyx Extractor?
Two reasons.
First, the increase in power was twofold instead of 1.5-fold.
But more importantly, the ability of the person also advanced.
By absorbing Zephyx, the Extractor's Zephyx Synchronizer would also become bigger, and eventually, it would become big enough to support a stronger ability.
When one was ready to reach the next Stage, one's Zephyx Synchronizer would regain the ability to synchronize with a Specter, but this new synchronization was different from the first one.
During the initial synchronization, the Extractor's Zephyx Synchronizer would try to fully copy the Specter's ability.
But during the second synchronization, the Zephyx Synchronizer would combine the new ability with the old one, creating a new one.
 For example, Wyntor had the ability of The Blinding Light, and if he were to advance by attuning his Zephyx Synchronizer with the Dreamer, Wyntor's ability would transform.
Maybe Wyntor's light would also cause hallucinations?
Maybe Wyntor's light would make its targets tired?
Maybe Wyntor would gain the ability to read the thoughts of his enemy while his ability was active?
No matter what case were true, Wyntor's initial ability would remain the dominant one, and the Dreamer's ability would need to somehow fit into Wyntor's initial ability.
Naturally, there were very compatible abilities and very incompatible ones.
For example, Wyntor's ability and the Dreamer's ability were not compatible at all.
One of them dealt with bright light and very noticeable attacks, while the other one was a very covert ability that relied on the element of surprise.
So, what if Nick used the Dreamer to advance his ability?
Well, in a certain way, the Dreamer's ability was quite compatible with Nick's ability since both of them used the element of surprise.
However, they differed very much in how they were used.
Nick's ability wanted to kill the enemy, while the Dreamer's ability wanted to manipulate or spy on them.
Even more, both abilities would only be able to unleash their powers with the element of surprise but became useless after that.
That was not what Nick wanted.
The Ability Advancement was the best way to transform Nick's ability into one that could be used more than once in a battle.
And the Dreamer's ability wouldn't help Nick in achieving that.
Because of that, Nick needed another Specter.
And that was why the deadline for capturing the next Specter was Nick's advancement to the second level, which would take one to two years.



Chapter 62 Competition
After talking with Wyntor for a bit more, Nick left the warehouse.
Nick had already finished his session with the Dreamer today, and since he didn't need to interview any new applicants, he decided to fully focus on finding the next Specter.
However, that was easier said than done.
Just like the last time, Nick had no idea where to find one.
And this time, he probably wouldn't get saved by an Inspector who wanted to help the general public.
At least he had a lot of time.
For the first time in quite a while, Nick returned to the Dregs.
He hadn't been here ever since he had gotten some food for Horua after Nick had caught the Dreamer.
As Nick entered the Dregs, everyone threw glances at him.
Naturally, Nick was required to wear his Zephyx Extractor uniform, which was why everyone was looking at him.
The red and black colors on the high-quality uniform made him stick out like a sore thumb among the poor denizens of the Dregs.
"Did anything unnatural happen lately?" Nick asked one of the people looking at him from the side of the road.
The young man with black hair just looked back at Nick with surprise.
"You mean besides the appearance of a Zephyx Extractor?" the man asked. "No, not really."
Nick nodded. "I belong to Dark Dream, a new Zephyx Manufacturer, and I have already dealt with a Specter that was living in the Dregs that was too troublesome for the other Manufacturers. Please, tell me if there is anything suspicious that the Inspectors told you not to worry about."
The man blinked a couple of times in surprise and started to scratch the back of his head in thought.
For about five seconds, he remained silent.
"I don't think I got anything of importance," the man said with an uncertain expression.
Nick furrowed his brows. "Are you sure? You don't seem sure."
The man looked a bit uncomfortable. "Well, there's something, but I really don't think it's the doing of a Specter."
Nick's gaze became solemn. "Tell me."
The man looked even more uncomfortable. "You sure?" he asked.
"I'm sure," Nick said seriously.
"Well," the man said.
"I've had diarrhea for the last week, but I didn't change my diet."
Silence.
"And?" Nick asked.
"That's it," the man said.
Nick's excitement vanished, and he just looked at the man with a deadpan expression.
"Have you tried the rust lick?" Nick asked.
The man scratched the back of his head.
"Yeah, I think that might solve the issue. Thanks," he said.
Nick released a sigh but nodded nevertheless.
"If anything pops up, tell me," he said.
"Of course!" the man answered.
 Nick just turned around and walked away.
He wasn't very bothered or angry.
Back when he had been searching for the Dreamer, he had had conversations like this all the time.
Life in the Dregs was horrendous, and many times, people just took a Specter's doing as natural.
A Specter's actions were horrible, and the life in the Dregs was horrible.
So, what was the difference?
That was why people in the Dregs often overlooked signs of Specters.
Since life was so shit here, people expected to have nightmares, which was why no one noticed the Dreamer.
Since there were cruel criminals everywhere, people expected there to be horrible people, which was why no one noticed that Riker was most likely a Specter.
The Specters perfectly blended into the Dregs, which was why it was so difficult to find them here.
Sadly, the Outer City and Inner City were completely free of Specters since all the powerful Manufacturers paid special attention to these places.
Whether he liked it or not, Nick needed to find a Specter in the Dregs.
Nick kept talking to more people, but just like the last time, he found no clues.
At least, this time, the Inspectors weren't making fun of him.
Instead, the Inspectors refused to talk to Nick besides superfluous and polite small talk.
Nick now officially belonged to the competition.
Every two hours, Nick went back to the hotel to check up on Horua, but these were his only breaks.
For the remaining time, Nick kept wandering through the Dregs while talking to people.
When the day was over, Nick went to bed.
The next day, he worked with the Dreamer again, talked to Wyntor a bit, and went back to searching.
This was how the next week passed.
For over a week, Nick had been searching for a clue, but he just couldn't find one.
By now, Nick had heard about all the mundane issues of the people, but none of them pointed towards a Specter.
Another week passed.
BANG!
As Nick walked through the Dregs, he suddenly heard the sound of a loud explosion followed by the sound of something big collapsing.
Nick noticed that a big building in the distance had collapsed, and he immediately charged into a small alley at the side.
As soon as Nick entered the alley, his ability activated, and with one swift jump, Nick landed on top of a house.
BANG!
The metal below Nick's feet bent as he charged forward with all of his power.
Within 20 seconds, Nick reached the building.
Yet, he didn't like what he was seeing at this moment.
Right now, there were three people standing in front of a big pile of metallic rubble.
The person at the front was currently holding something in his hand that looked like a small worm with several tentacles growing from its mouth.
Nick was 95% sure that this thing was a Specter.
However, Nick was also sure that he wouldn't get it.
After all, the three people in front of the pile of rubble wore Zephyx Extractor uniforms.
Nick could only sigh.
"You're late," the leader said, turning to Nick, who was still on the roof of a building.
Nick was quite surprised that the Extractor had noticed him.
"Good luck next time!" the leader said with a laugh.
Then, he left with his two colleagues and the Specter.



Chapter 63 Sound
Nick sighed.
'That's one less Specter I can catch,' he thought.
Naturally, Nick wasn't the only person searching for Specters in the Dregs, which made things that much more difficult for him.
More days passed.
Eventually, Nick found a clue.
A small family told Nick that there were scary things happening in their house.
From time to time, stuff moved around, and they even heard stuff shaking in other rooms.
Some of them even claimed that they heard voices coming from below them, which couldn't be possible since the sewers were directly below them.
Nick followed up on the clue and entered their house.
After staying in their house for a while, Nick suddenly felt his ability deactivate, even though no one was in the room with him.
But then, his ability activated again a couple of seconds later.
Nick furrowed his brows and took a step forward in the empty room.
His ability deactivated again.
Three seconds later, it reactivated.
Nick knew what that meant.
'Someone is hearing me but can't see me,' he thought.
Since Nick's ability deactivated if anyone sensed him, it also meant that it deactivated when someone heard him make a sound.
At that moment, the person or Specter knew where Nick was since they knew where the sound came from.
But if they didn't see Nick and if Nick didn't give off more sounds, they wouldn't be able to perceive him again.
After all, Nick could have already walked away from the spot where the sound had been made, making it uncertain for the listener whether he was there or not.
'They can hear me but not see me,' Nick thought. 'This either means that the Specter is blind or that it is not inside the room.'
Nick very silently took a step to the side.
His ability didn't deactivate.
Then, Nick quietly opened a door.
Usually, houses in the Dregs didn't have any doors, but this one did.
When Nick was slowly opening the door, his ability didn't deactivate.
'That means the Specter is also not in that room,' Nick thought, looking at the door he was opening.
The next moment, Nick took a couple of normal steps.
His ability deactivated again.
Three seconds later, it reactivated.
After that, Nick silently crept over to another door and quietly opened it.
His ability didn't deactivate.
'Means it is also not in that room,' Nick thought.
Nick scratched his chin. 'These are the only two adjacent rooms.'
The next moment, Nick grabbed an uneven spot on one of the metallic walls and pulled himself up.
 Ding. Ding.
Nick quietly knocked on the ceiling of the room.
His ability didn't deactivate.
Ding! Ding!
Nick used some more power.
His ability didn't deactivate.
DING!
Now, it deactivated.
'Means the Specter is not above me as well. That knock was so loud that every adjacent room heard it,' Nick thought.
Then, Nick walked to one of the walls and quietly knocked at it.
The same thing happened, and Nick's ability only deactivated after a pretty strong knock.
After that, Nick tried the other wall.
Same thing.
'That only leaves one spot,' Nick thought as he looked at the floor.
Slowly, Nick went to his knees.
And then, he quietly knocked on the floor.
Ding.
Nick's ability immediately deactivated.
Nick narrowed his eyes. 'In the sewers, huh?'
The next moment, Nick went to the rusty wall again and climbed it a bit.
After that, Nick put his feet on the wall and looked at the ground.
His ability had become active again.
BOOOOOM!
Nick shot at the ground, and as soon as he hit it, the metallic plates broke apart.
The rusty plates couldn't possibly resist such a tremendous shockwave.
As the entire floor collapsed, Nick's ability didn't deactivate, surprisingly.
Although, that was actually logical. After all, with sounds of collapsing metal plates coming from everywhere, no one could tell where Nick was just based on sound.
As the floor was collapsing, Nick rapidly took out a tube and destroyed it.
WHOOOM!
A bright domain of Arclight appeared, encompassing the falling metallic plates.
The dark sewer lit up, and Nick quickly found something that wasn't supposed to be there.
Just two meters below where the old floor had been was some kind of scaffolding made of pieces of rusty metal.
And then, Nick saw something else.
There was someone on the piece of scaffolding.
It was a middle-aged man, and he was in the process of ducking, which was quite understandable since the ceiling above him had just exploded.
BANG!
One of Nick's legs kicked one of the falling metal plates, shooting him towards the guy.
CRACK!
Nick's elbow hit the guy's chest and pushed him toward the scaffolding, which broke apart as well.
When Nick's elbow had hit the guy, he had felt many of his bones break, which told him one thing.
'That's a human,' Nick thought.
Sure, Nick had shot at the guy with quite a bit of power, but a Specter wouldn't get injured this heavily as long as it wasn't an Initial Hatchling.
Nick had just caused a genuinely life-threatening injury, which wouldn't have happened if this were a Specter.
Nick gritted his teeth in frustration.
'You idiot!' Nick thought as he jumped away from the breaking scaffolding.
The fact that Nick's ability hadn't deactivated meant that the guy was not able to perceive any other person right now.
The guy probably couldn't muster the mental capacity for proper spatial awareness after having his chest caved in, which meant that he didn't know where Nick was.
Nick grabbed one of the pieces of scaffolding that didn't break and threw himself back into the room at the top.
Not all the plates had collapsed.
As soon as Nick landed, he looked into the sewers.
Splash!
Several metal plates fell into the sewers, as well as the guy.
'Yeah, that guy is not surviving,' Nick thought.
The next moment, Nick just snorted in annoyance.
'What the fuck were you even doing down there? There are enough houses for everyone! Why would you live below someone else's house?!'
Nick just kept looking into the sewers, which had calmed down by now.
Ten seconds passed.
'Guess he lost consciousness.'
'I am not a fan of killing people, but I'm not going to mourn a dumbfuck like that.'



Chapter 64 Profiting
'Why was he even here? Like, did he live here?' Nick thought.
'Probably not. That scaffolding was quite rickety and not very big.'
'But then, what the fuck was that guy doing below this house?'
'I mean, the tenants said that spooky things were happening in their house, which was most likely his doing.'
'But why? I mean, did he do it on purpose? Based on what the tenants said, it had to have been on purpose.'
'This means this guy was down here for a reason, and I don't think it's a very honest and nice one.'
In the end, Nick could only sigh.
'I guess the answer died with him.'
Splash, splash, splash.
The next moment, Nick saw and heard several things entering the water.
Nick raised an eyebrow when he saw a couple of rats swimming towards the place where the guy had fallen into the sewers.
"Thanks, Nick!"
Nick moved his head over the edge and looked at where the voice had come from.
A rat was clinging to the ceiling, looking at him from about two meters away.
"Nine more of those, and I'll tell you where you can find a weak Specter," the rat said with a smirk.
Nick furrowed his brows and didn't answer.
"Oh, come on," the rat said. "You've killed for less."
A memory shot through Nick's mind, and an annoyed expression appeared on his face.
Under normal circumstances, Nick would say that he would never consider the Parasite's offer.
However, he had been searching for a Specter for three weeks now, and the latest clue had turned out to be just some random dude.
Nick was quite frustrated and annoyed.
For about ten seconds, he didn't say anything.
Meanwhile, the color of the sewers below Nick had turned a bit redder.
"I'll consider it," Nick said.
"Great!" the rat said, excitedly clapping its little hands while keeping itself clinging to the ceiling with its hindlegs. "I'm looking forward to it! Just throw them in the sewers!"
Nick snorted.
"Why was that guy even here?" Nick asked.
"He was a stalker," the rat said.
"A stalker?" Nick repeated.
"Yep. He kept rambling on and on about the love of his life and how he would make everyone leave the house so that he could be with her," the rat said. "Total nutjob."
"Huh," Nick uttered in something that was and wasn't surprise at the same time.
The next moment, Nick pulled his head out of the sewers again and stood up.
Nick exited the room and walked out of the house.
After exiting, Nick saw two people waiting for him.
One of them was a middle-aged man, and the other was a 14-year-old girl.
 The man was quite muscular and burly, and based on the things he was wearing, Nick could tell that he was someone working for the Peddlers, one of the four big gangs.
Those two were the inhabitants of the house.
Nick's eyes fell on the young girl.
'I guess that was his target,' Nick thought.
The next moment, Nick looked at the man. 'And with her father present, the stalker didn't dare to directly do anything to her.'
'Guess killing someone isn't always bad.'
The burly man quickly came up to Nick with a nervous and scared expression.
Surprisingly, his daughter didn't seem as anxious as her father.
"We just heard a loud bang!" the father said. "Did you find the Specter?"
"Daddy, it's not a Specter," the daughter said with a groan. "If it were, we would already be dead."
"Let daddy talk with the Extractor, honey," the father said as he lightly patted his daughter's head.
The daughter just snorted and looked to the side, but she didn't escape from her father's head pats.
"So?" the father asked, looking at Nick.
"It was a guy," Nick said.
"A guy?" the father repeated in shock.
"Told you it wasn't a Specter," the daughter said with a prideful smirk.
Nick nodded. "Some guy built some kind of scaffolding in the sewers below your house. When I knew that someone or something was below your house, I broke through your floor and found him."
Many memories shot through the father's mind, and his fear and anxiety were very quickly replaced with pure rage.
Some random guy was living below his house and causing him so much worry?!
"Where is he?" the father asked with a dark tone.
"His scaffolding broke, and he fell into the sewers," Nick said. "The Parasite quickly took care of him."
The man snorted with aggression. "Lucky bastard," he grumbled.
"Anyway, I have to thank you, sir," the man said with a respectful tone. "Without you, I would have probably lost my home."
Nick nodded with a neutral expression. "If you ever find any information regarding any possible Specters, please contact us. If you actually find one, you will have helped us far more than I have helped you today."
"Of course," the man said, hitting his chest once to emphasize that he was serious. "I will tell my men to keep an eye out!"
Nick nodded again. "Good. By the way, you should fix the floor in one of your living rooms."
"That's not a problem, sir," the man said with a laugh. "Thank you again."
The next moment, the man pushed his daughter forward a bit. "Say thanks to the nice man, honey."
The girl furrowed her brows, but her expression quickly turned into a friendly smile before politely bowing to Nick. "Thank you so much, sir!"
Nick nodded one last time and walked away.
Some seconds later, Nick just sighed.
'And the search continues,' he thought with annoyance.
'Three weeks.'
'Three fucking weeks.'
'How long until I can finally get some clues for a Specter?!'
As Nick walked, his short conversation with the Parasite shot through his mind.
Nick walked in silence.
'Nine more corpses, huh?'
Nick looked at the sky with a thoughtful expression.
'Is it really that bad?'
'I mean, there are plenty of people that deserve to die, right?'
'Is it so bad that I profit from these deaths?'
Nick wasn't sure.



Chapter 65 So Difficult
Another two weeks passed.
By now, Nick had been searching for a Specter for around six weeks.
And still, he had not gotten a single clue.
There had been a couple of leads, but none of them actually led to a real Specter.
It was always just humans.
'Sure enough, the last time I was lucky,' Nick thought with a sigh while taking a break in the marketplace.
'Even more, there was this second group of Extractors that found a Specter in the Dregs.'
'I feel like the other Manufacturers find so many more Specters than me.'
'Although, I get it. They have Investigators, while we don't have anything.'
'How are we supposed to keep up with that? In fact, I didn't even find the Specter myself last time. An Inspector actually told me about the Dreamer.'
'Can I even find any Specter on my own?'
Nick sighed again.
'Six weeks with no leads.'
Nick looked at the people that were passing by him.
By now, the people no longer avoided him.
They had grown used to Nick's presence.
'At least I've gotten plenty of experience in how to find Specters.'
'I know which clues will most likely not produce any result, and I know how to get people to talk.'
'On top of that, I learned a lot about what other people in the Dregs do when nobody's around, and I even learned how the gangs operate internally.'
'If there were any clues, I would probably be able to get them.'
Nick sighed once more.
'However, barely a day passes before one of the Inspectors already finds the clue, and with their manpower, they can get to the bottom of the clue in no time.'
'All the Inspectors meet every day and gather their relevant information, making it much easier to create a full image of the Dregs.'
'Meanwhile, I can only look at a small part of the Dregs every day since I am alone.'
'I really need a team of Inspectors.'
Nick just kept thinking about his current situation in frustration and hopelessness.
He had no idea how to get another Specter.
"Stop! Please!"
Nick's eyes slowly moved to the marketplace.
"You don't want to have some fun? Come on, don't be such a prude."
"No, go away! Please! You can have my money!"
"You can keep your money. I want something else."
Nick just sighed.
Another rape.
In the Outer City, sexual assault was illegal, but nobody really cared about this in the Dregs.
 In a certain way, it might even secretly be encouraged since it produced more children, which produced more blood for Kugelblitz.
Of course, nobody actually said that it was encouraged, but the absence of prosecutions for rapists still counted as a statement from the city.
Rapes happened almost every day.
It was a very common sight in the Dregs.
Everyone had gotten used to them, and the people just avoided the situation in the center of the marketplace.
Right now, a younger woman was being beset by two guys. One of the guys was holding the woman's shoulder while the other one was grabbing his dick through his pants with a smirk.
Nick had witnessed quite a lot of these events.
"Stop! This is my last warning! I will bite your dick off!" the woman shouted as the guy was unbuttoning his pants.
"Oh, we got a feisty one, eh?" the other guy said, his pants apparently having gotten a bit tighter around the waist.
"Do you dare?" the first guy said as he pulled the woman's head down. "If you make me bleed, you will lose two liters of your blood. Can you afford that?"
The woman wrestled against her captors' hands, but she wasn't strong enough.
"You already look anemic," the other guy said, slowly moving his finger across the woman's very white skin.
"If you lose another two liters of blood, you will most likely die. Are you so against having a bit of fun with us? We are even willing to pay you five credits each."
The woman gritted her teeth in anger, frustration, hatred, and helplessness.
The people in the marketplace avoided her.
If these two men were just random people, some of the others might have gotten involved.
However, these two guys had the insignia of the Riker Strikers.
While some of the bystanders were willing to put themselves in a bit of danger for their morals, they were not willing to commit suicide for them.
After a bit more persuasion, the sexual assault commenced.
Nick had grown so cold and apathetic to these events that he just absentmindedly watched the woman's head bop back and forth on the guy's crotch in the middle of the marketplace.
As Nick watched, a memory shot through his mind.
He remembered his conversation with that one Investigator who told Nick about the Dreamer.
Back then, Nick had been furious with the Zephyx Manufacturer because they didn't do anything against the Dreamer, even though they had the power and knew about it.
They were willing to just sit by and let the people suffer.
Nick had been absolutely furious with them back then.
Wasn't he doing something very similar just now?
'I have the power to stop this,' Nick thought, watching the crying woman.
'But would that change anything? They are the Riker Strikers, and they are known for going against absolutely everyone that resists them.'
'Sure, I don't need to fear them, but that just means that they will focus their anger all on that girl.'
'At that point, they will probably steal all her belongings and rape her a couple more times before dooming her to die during the next tax day.'
'Intervening now would only make things worse for her.'
'If I am going to interfere, her life is my responsibility since I would have indirectly killed her.'
The next moment, Nick looked at the guy who was pushing his cock into the crying girl's face.
'And if I kill them, I have to pay 5,000 credits per person. Sure, they wouldn't seek revenge on the girl anymore, but 5,000 credits is still a lot.'
'I would have lost 10,000 credits just to save someone I don't even know.'
'Even more, I wouldn't even get to keep the corpses, or I would need to pay another 10,000 credits per person, which means I also can't give them to the Parasite.'
Nick sighed.
'Why is being a good guy so difficult?'



Chapter 66 Exchange
Nick kept watching the event in the middle of the marketplace.
Usually, Nick didn't like watching something like this, but since Nick's current moral dilemma was related to this event, he just kept absentmindedly watching.
One of the two guys had noticed that Nick kept watching like a creep and became a bit embarrassed.
'Is he a voyeur?' the guy that was currently in the process of having intercourse in public thought.
Usually, one of them would charge at Nick and kick him a couple of times, but Nick's uniform stopped these thoughts from even occurring.
Zephyx Extractors were the absolutely worst people one could attack.
Not only did they have an incredibly high status, but they could also tear humans apart like paper.
'30,000 credits if I want to keep the two corpses,' Nick thought as he looked at the two men.
The guy on the side felt a cold shudder go down his neck as his dick became limp. 'Don't tell me that guy is gay!'
Nick just kept looking, deep in thought.
'Nine corpses would come to 135,000 credits,' Nick thought.
'For 135,000 credits, I can find the location of a Specter immediately.'
'That's all I have to pay.'
Nick didn't even see killing these two men as part of the deal since that didn't have any relevance to him.
Sure, Nick wasn't a big fan of killing, but if Nick really didn't like someone, that someone lost all their value in Nick's eyes.
He had seen too much shit in the Dregs to care about these people.
"Ah, there we go!" the other guy shouted with a satisfied voice as he pulled himself out of the girl's mouth.
By now, the girl was full-on crying and fell backward with closed eyes.
"I think this isn't her first time," the guy said to his friend. "She's surprisingly good at this. She does this amazing thing with her tongue-"
"Yeah, I'm not interested," the other guy said as he looked at Nick with a concerned expression. "I'm not in the mood."
"Not in the mood?" the first guy asked in surprise. "But you said you are into this sort of thing. I made you my rape buddy exactly because you were so into this shit. Don't tell me you've gotten soft."
The other guy snorted. "I got soft, but not in that department," the guy said.
The next moment, he gestured to Nick with a movement of his head. "He's watching, and it kind of ruined the mood for me."
The first guy looked at Nick, and when he saw Nick's uniform, he also became a bit concerned.
"Why does he keep looking at us?" he asked quietly.
"I don't know," the other guy answered.
"Think he's gay?"
"No idea, dude."
"How long has he been looking?"
"Since the start."
The guy felt himself become a bit red in the face when he thought that a Zephyx Extractor had been watching him rape a girl.
He didn't mind the other people since he was very much into being perceived as powerful.
When these weak people watched him without doing anything, he felt like he was establishing his dominance over all of the Dregs.
But when it was a Zephyx Extractor, things were very different since he knew very well that he couldn't possibly compete with one of those.
Because of that, he became quite a bit embarrassed.
 "I get it," the guy said, understanding why the other one wasn't in the mood.
"Give me my money."
The two of them looked at the crying girl.
By now, she had opened her eyes, and she was glaring with hatred at the guy that had just raped her.
When the guy saw the girl's aggressive expression, he became a bit angry and annoyed.
He didn't like it when his prey bit back.
Nevertheless, he took out five credits and threw them at the girl without saying anything.
To the two of them, it was important to keep the good prey alive so that they could be reused, which was why they were paying them.
At least the really good ones.
The bad ones didn't get paid.
The next moment, the two of them walked away from the marketplace.
Nick just kept sitting at the side of the marketplace, still thinking about his options.
'How much longer? How much longer do I have to search for a Specter?'
'Also, just because I can't go against Riker himself yet doesn't mean that I can't get rid of some of his people. After all, I'm a Zephyx Extractor, and Riker won't risk exposing himself by trying to take revenge on me.'
'The death of a Zephyx Extractor is a huge deal.'
'In a way, I can make the Dregs a better place while also profiting from it.'
'135,000 credits in exchange for the location of a Specter and a better world.'
Nick nodded and stood up.
Then, he left the marketplace and walked towards the Outer City.
For the next hour, Nick talked to Wyntor inside his office.
Some hours later, Nick went to sleep.
When he woke up, he dealt with Horua and worked with the Dreamer.
After that, Nick left Dark Dream and entered a station where the guards of Crimson Fungus City worked.
It was a black building with a huge symbol of Crimson Fungus City on it.
As soon as he entered, the guards turned to Nick, and when they saw his uniform, they became interested.
One of the officers walked over to Nick. "Welcome! Is there anything we can help you with?"
Nick nodded.
"My Zephyx Manufacturer requires some specific corpses from the Dregs. I will be the one doing the killing and collecting. You just need to officiate the proceedings and help me transport the corpses," Nick said.
Surprisingly, the guard just smiled politely.
He wasn't surprised or shocked at all.
"Of course," the officer said. "Please, leave your company's card here for reference."
Nick nodded and took out Dark Dream's official bank card.
The officer smiled politely, put the card away, and called a team of three guards.
Two of the guards came over to Nick and introduced themselves politely, while the last one walked to the back.
Some seconds later, the guy came back out, pulling a hearse.
"Where to?" the guy asked.
"The Dregs," Nick answered.



Chapter 67 Scary
Nick walked towards the Dregs while three of the guards kept following him.
Two of the guards were rather tall and wore black uniforms, similar to the uniforms of the tax collectors, but without the gas masks.
The entire gas mask thing for the tax collectors mainly existed to keep their identities secret and so that they didn't need to smell the disgusting Dregs.
Normal guards didn't wear gas masks.
But right now, they wish they did.
As soon as they walked into the Dregs, the faces of the two guards behind Nick scrunched up while the third guard far behind them just sneered in disgust.
The Outer City had a solid wall of metal between itself and the sewers, but the Dregs were mostly built on rusty grates.
One could imagine how bad it smelled to walk over something like the sewers of Crimson Fungus City.
As soon as they entered, the eyes of the people opened widely in horror.
If there were simply a couple of guards with a Zephyx Extractor, they wouldn't care.
However, the hearse was what scared them.
The people immediately scattered, not even entering the houses but just running as far away as possible.
The guards just casually watched the people scatter.
The Zephyx Extractor had said that he would be the one creating the corpses.
"Want us to stop them?" one of the guards asked as a formality.
"No," Nick answered neutrally.
"As you wish," the guard answered before becoming quiet again.
As Nick walked through the Dregs, he felt strange.
At this moment, he no longer felt like a member of the Dregs.
In fact, he felt like one of the tax collectors.
For some reason, Nick felt like he was not looking at humans running from him but at animals.
This feeling scared him.
He felt like he was losing something important, and he quickly shook his head.
'Stop thinking about these things!' Nick thought with frustration. 'You're about to make this a better place! You're about to take care of some people from the Riker Strikers!'
'The people are running from you only because they don't trust you and don't know if you will kill them! If they knew what you were doing, they would look at you with thankful eyes.'
However, it wasn't easy to get rid of this strange feeling.
Even though Nick knew that what he was doing was for the good of the Dregs, he still felt like some kind of monster.
Eventually, the four of them reached the marketplace.
It was empty.
Naturally, everyone had already heard about the group of people coming, and they had already scattered like roaches.
It didn't matter what power one had in the Dregs.
Children, adults, merchants, rapists, murderers, gang members, or whatever.
Everyone was equally helpless when the guards or Zephyx Extractors came.
Nick led the three guards past the marketplace into a relatively small alleyway.
The alleyway was so small that the hearse didn't even fit into it.
 "You can leave it here," Nick said, turning to the guy pulling the hearse. 
The guard just nodded and waited at the entrance of the alleyway with his hearse.
A moment later, he took out a small azure bottle.
"Really, Johnny?" one of the guards asked with annoyance. "We're working right now!"
The guard gritted his teeth and put the bottle into his pockets again. "Sorry, boss."
"Johnny, you really need to keep this addiction under control. I don't want your performance to suffer."
"Don't worry, boss. I know. Sorry," the guard said.
The other guard sighed and turned to Nick. "Sorry for this."
"It's fine," Nick said as he led the two guards deeper into the alleyway.
When they were gone, Johnny took out the azure bottle again and unplugged it.
The next moment, he bit down on a part of his lower lip so hard that it started bleeding.
Then, he put one of his fingers into the bottle and carefully took out some blue dust, which he then placed on the bleeding part of his lip.
His body started to shake in place, and a pained expression appeared on Johnny's face.
Yet, there was also deep happiness visible on his face.
A minute later, he stopped shaking.
CRKSH!
He bit his lip again and put another bit of blue dust on it.
Meanwhile, Nick led the two guards behind him to an unnoticeable wall of a seemingly random building.
Nick pushed on it a bit, but it didn't move.
This was the entrance to the Riker Striker's headquarters.
Naturally, after gathering information in the Dregs for over six weeks, Nick had learned where the headquarters of all the different gangs were.
'Locked,' Nick thought emotionlessly.
"Step back," Nick said.
The two guards took a couple of steps back.
"Turn around. I don't want to show you my ability," Nick added.
The two guards looked at each other but turned around after.
There was no reason for Nick to kill them.
After staying silent for a couple of seconds, Nick felt his ability activate.
Since Nick was a Late Newbie, his body was about 3.4 times as powerful as the average human male, and with his ability active, it was around 17 times as powerful.
If he wanted, Nick could lift a stone that weighed over a ton over his head.
But instead, Nick grabbed the side of the plate and pulled with all his power.
CRRRRK!
The screws and nails exploded off the plate, and the plate was thrown to the side.
The sound was extremely violent and loud, and when the guards heard it, their entire bodies jerked in shock.
It sounded like something huge had just broken through a metallic wall!
The two of them quickly turned around, but they just saw Nick standing in front of an open corridor.
When the two of them saw the many small holes in the wall and the bent metallic plate on the side, they took deep breaths through their teeth.
They couldn't do something like that!
Even though they were guards, they were still just humans.
Once more, they were reminded of how scary Zephyx Extractors were.



Chapter 68 Creating Corpses
Nick just gestured towards the open corridor with his head and entered.
The two guards took another deep breath and followed him.
Luckily, the Zephyx Extractor was not their enemy.
Shortly after entering, two tall men walked out of one of the doors at the side of the corridor.
Based on their lack of clothing, Nick could tell that they had probably been asleep until now.
"What the f-"
BANG!
Before the first guy could finish speaking, Nick casually extended his hand to his face and shoved his head into the metallic wall.
CRACK!
The loud sound of something hard cracking echoed throughout the corridor, and the other guy's eyes widened in terror.
He immediately took out a long metallic pipe and lifted it in front of him in terror.
Nick quickly arrived in front of him and grabbed the pipe.
The man felt like a giant was pushing the pipe to the side.
The next moment, Nick grabbed the guy's shoulder and shoved him to the ground.
The man couldn't even resist.
The man was quite big and powerful by the Dregs' standards, which meant he was about 85 kilos with a low body fat percentage.
That put him at a bit above average for normal human standards.
And Nick?
Well, if one were to use the guy as a reference, Nick would be a man weighing about 240 kilos with a low body fat percentage.
That was an amount of muscle that nearly no normal human had ever accomplished in their life.
Maybe after a lifetime of brutal training while being over 210 centimeters tall.
And yet, all of that power was condensed into a frame that was barely 175 centimeters tall.
Without thinking much about it, being 3.4 times as powerful as an average man didn't seem that impressive, but when put into actual numbers, it was actually a terrifying amount of power.
As soon as the man was pushed to the ground, Nick grabbed the man's head and twisted it until he heard several violent cracks.
Nick wasn't used to killing people, but he knew that he just needed to create enough cracks at important places to kill someone.
Nick grabbed one of the guys and casually threw the body towards the entrance.
The two guards sidestepped the body as they looked at it with lifted eyebrows.
"Keep an eye on them," Nick said.
"Eh… sure," one of them said absentmindedly as he kept looking at the body beside his feet.
Nick nodded and went into one of the rooms where one of the guys had come out.
Inside, Nick saw a couple of bunk beds.
On one of the beds, Nick saw a guy rubbing his head in annoyance before looking towards the door.
Nick walked towards the bunk bed as the eyes of the guy followed him in confusion.
With a jump, Nick jumped on top of the bunk bed, his two hands surrounding the guy's neck.
Then, Nick squeezed.
 Nick felt several pops with his hands as the man's expression became terrified.
The man's hands and feet tried to punch and kick Nick, but the man felt like he was hitting a wall.
In a last-ditch effort, the man tried to reach for Nick's eyes, but Nick just moved his head out of the way until the guy went limp.
Just to make sure, Nick twisted the head of the guy until there was nearly no resistance anymore.
Killing someone wasn't difficult if one had a lot of physical strength.
Then, Nick heard some clamoring and saw someone jump out of one of the beds, bolting for the door.
BANG!
The bunkbed Nick was kneeling on exploded as he shot toward the person.
The man barely managed to get out of the door before Nick managed to grab his arm, at which point the guy was pulled back into the room.
Again, Nick just bent the guy's head until it lost its connection to the neck.
Since there was no one else running away, Nick threw the two bodies to the entrance under the interested gazes of the two guards.
Next, Nick went back into the room and looked at it more closely.
"NO PLEASE!"
BANG!
When Nick opened one of the closets, he found a man cowering and screaming in it.
A kick to the face silenced him quickly.
To make sure, Nick cracked the neck of the guy a bit.
That had been the last person in the room.
After throwing that corpse onto the other corpses, Nick entered another room.
This room also had three bunkbeds, but Nick saw nobody in them.
He looked around a bit and didn't see any other exit out of the room.
CRACK!
Nick closed the door and bent the door hinge until the door couldn't be opened anymore.
Then, he began to search the room.
"AAAAAAHHHH!"
He found a guy under a bed.
A kick and a crack silenced him.
When Nick opened one of the closets again, he saw a terrified man cowering on the ground.
Surprisingly, the man neither moved nor screamed.
He was just looking at Nick with widely opened eyes.
Nick slowly moved his hand towards the guy's head as he watched Nick in terror.
BANG!
After ramming the guy's head on the side of the closet, Nick separated the neck from its skull again to make sure.
A minute later, Nick finished looking through the room.
There was nobody else.
But then, Nick furrowed his brows.
Right now, Nick silently stood in the middle of the room.
Yet, his ability hadn't reactivated.
Nick moved around the room a bit and stopped for three seconds at seemingly random locations.
Sometimes, Nick's ability reactivated before deactivating again.
Eventually, Nick looked up.
There was a rusty grate above him.
Nick jumped up, grabbed the grate, and pulled it out of the ceiling.
Immediately, Nick heard frantic sounds coming from above him.
When Nick's head entered the new hole in the ceiling, he saw a guy trying to crawl away in some kind of ventilation shaft.
After going into the shaft, Nick grabbed the man's feet and pulled him back.
"AAAAHHHH! HELP ME!"
The man's nails broke off as he desperately tried to stop himself from getting pulled backward, leaving bloody lines on the walls.
Some seconds later, the door to the room exploded, and Nick threw the corpses into the corridor.
The guards looked at the corpses with neutral expressions and pulled them to the other ones.
"I need one more," Nick said neutrally before going deeper into the hideout.



Chapter 69 Right Thing
A minute later, the body of a young man was thrown onto the corpse pile by Nick.
"Alright, I'm done," Nick said as he released a sigh.
The leading guard nodded. "You want to keep the corpses, right?" he asked.
Nick wordlessly nodded.
"Alright, we'll put them on the hearse and calculate the price back in the outpost," he said.
Nick nodded again as he walked past them.
When Nick exited the corridor, he looked back.
He saw one of the guards putting one of the corpses on the shoulders of the other guard, but Nick wasn't consciously taking note of that.
Right now, Nick's thoughts were completely elsewhere.
'I did the right thing, right?' Nick thought.
'The Riker Strikers are a horrible gang that rape and kill people all the time without contributing anything.'
'The Hub brings a lot of jobs and keeps the gangs in check.'
'The Peddlers are the reason why there are so many people in the Dregs in the first place since they bring in a huge portion of the food.'
'The Insurance Gang gives people a way to protect their belongings from others.'
'All of them contribute to the Dregs.'
'But the Riker Strikers don't contribute anything.'
'They just steal, rob, rape, and murder.'
At that moment, one of the guards walked past Nick with one of the corpses on his shoulders.
Nick didn't look at the corpse, but he felt like the corpse was looking at him with its widely opened and dead eyes.
Nick's mind replayed the things he had seen inside the corridor.
Screaming people.
Terrified people.
And yet, Nick only felt like he had gotten rid of some pests.
They obviously were people, but Nick only viewed them as roaches or rats.
In a way, these "people" were even worse than rats and roaches since those could actually be eaten.
Nick felt like he was supposed to feel more.
They were still humans, right?
Wasn't he supposed to feel something while killing humans?
At that point, Nick was reminded of the first time he had killed someone.
When Nick was just 13, he had been close to starving, and due to sheer luck, he somehow managed to kill a rat.
When Nick had just taken his first bite, a gruff and tall woman pushed him away and grabbed the rat.
At that moment, Nick had been filled with panic, and he had used all his power to push the woman when she had turned her back to him.
Surprisingly, the woman had been sent flying, and she landed on a very rusty grate, which broke.
A moment later, she screamed in terror as she fell into the sewers.
The young Nick just looked with terror at the hole in the ground.
 He didn't dare to look into it.
He only heard the sounds of many smaller things also falling into the water and the woman's screams becoming shriller and hoarser.
Soon, the screams vanished, and a minute later, a rat walked out of the hole.
"Thanks," the rat said with a smirk as it stopped in front of Nick. "You can have this body as a reward. If you ever need food, you can just throw another person into the sewers."
And then, the rat just collapsed.
The following days had been the most horrible of Nick's life.
Sleeping had become extremely difficult.
Eating had become difficult.
Working had become difficult.
Living had become difficult.
Nick had been haunted by his memories of that day for weeks.
Yet, in a certain way, the memories had helped him.
Nick had feared confronting the memories so much that he had become active during every waking moment.
He feared the silence that allowed him to think and did everything to avoid it.
This resulted in Nick's body becoming stronger and in him getting more money by working more.
And eventually, Nick had learned to live with everything.
Finally, when Nick had finished his third assassination mission from the Hub, he had made his peace with that event.
Nick had never been a fan of killing, but he needed money to survive and to build a future, which was why he had accepted these missions.
It was something that he simply had to do and get through.
Beggars literally couldn't be choosers.
"Sir, we're done."
Nick was pulled out of his memories as one of the guards called him.
He turned to the entrance of the alleyway and saw the hearse completely filled.
The next moment, Nick threw one last glance at the entrance of the corridor.
'I did the right thing,' he told himself in his mind.
After shaking his head to regain his bearings, Nick went to the hearse.
"Let's return," he said.
"Of course, sir," the leading guard said.
By now, the second guard had joined the third guard in pulling the hearse since it had become quite a bit heavier.
The four of them traveled through the Dregs in absolute silence.
They didn't speak, and nothing in their vicinity made any noise.
It was almost like they were traveling through a ruin.
Eventually, they entered the Outer City.
More people appeared on the streets, but when they saw the hearse, they just held their noses and avoided walking near the hearse.
A couple minutes later, the four of them arrived at the outpost of the guards.
The hearse was parked outside the entrance while the four of them entered.
Nick was led into a separate office, and the leading guard took out several sheets of paper.
After reading all the sheets of paper and explaining them to Nick, the guard gave Nick a couple of them to sign.
Nick signed all of them, and the guard put them away.
"And that's all. Thank you, sir," the guard said with a polite smile.
Nick nodded and stood up. "Thank you as well."
"No thanks necessary. Just doing my job."
Nick nodded again and left the office.
"Please, bring back the hearse by tomorrow," the leading guard shouted before Nick closed the door.
After exiting the outpost, Nick looked at the hearse filled with bodies.
Some seconds later, he wordlessly took hold of the hearse and began to pull.



Chapter 70 Sustainable Help
As Nick traveled through the Outer City, people kept avoiding him due to the hearse he was pulling.
A couple of minutes later, Nick arrived in front of Dark Dream's warehouse and entered through one of the big gates.
The sound of the rusty wheels echoed throughout the entire warehouse.
Just when Nick put the hearse down, the door to Wyntor's office opened.
It was barely five pm., and Wyntor was still here.
When Wyntor saw the hearse with the leaking blood, he took a deep breath, but he didn't let Nick see it.
Even though Wyntor had been raised to become a ruthless businessman, seeing a small hill of corpses was still shocking to him.
Wyntor slowly walked over and stopped two meters away from the hearse as Nick stepped to the side.
"They are all members of the Riker Strikers?" Wyntor asked.
Nick nodded. "They were all staying in the headquarters, and they are all pretty muscular and big."
Wyntor absentmindedly nodded as he kept looking at the hill. "And you're sure Riker won't take revenge?"
"You were the one that assured me he wouldn't," Nick answered.
Wyntor took another deep breath.
"Right, sorry," he answered absentmindedly before looking away from the hearse.
"This is a good thing," Nick said, looking at Wyntor. "The Riker Strikers are a plague upon the Dregs."
"Nick," Wyntor said with a slightly annoyed tone. "Don't be disingenuous."
"We killed them for money. Nothing more and nothing less."
When Nick heard that, he narrowed his eyes. "Maybe that's true for you, but I genuinely care about the Dregs. If the Riker Strikers weren't such a massive nuisance, I would have never killed them."
"And then what?" Wyntor asked. "Yes, you wouldn't have killed anyone else, but that's only because not enough time has passed."
Nick wanted to protest, but he didn't interrupt Wyntor.
"You've searched for six weeks with no results, and you grew desperate. If the Riker Strikers didn't exist, you wouldn't have killed anyone."
"But what after another four weeks or another ten weeks?"
"When would you have become desperate and frustrated enough to kill people from another gang?" Wyntor asked.
"Wyntor, you're evaluating me with your standards," Nick answered. "I have killed people before, but only when it was necessary or when there was a good reason."
"I am richer than 95% of all people living in the Outer City, and I am well on my way as a Zephyx Extractor."
"Acting like I need to kill someone to survive while having this much wealth is something I can never accept," Nick explained.
"And yet, you just killed nine people," Wyntor countered.
"Because I finally have the power to make a difference," Nick answered with a dark voice. "I am finally rich and powerful enough to change the lives of others for the better."
"Wyntor, my goal is not to just become fat and rich but to improve the lives of the people around me," Nick argued.
"Since when?"
Nick furrowed his brows. "What do you mean since when?"
"Since when?" Wyntor repeated. "When we were on the search for the Dreamer, you told me that you just wanted to have a better life."
"You never said you wanted to improve the lives of the people around you."
Silence.
Surprisingly, Nick didn't immediately answer.
 "Since when, huh?" Nick repeated as he looked up with furrowed brows.
Wyntor didn't interrupt Nick's thoughts.
Nick thought back to his three days of vacation with Horua.
Back then, Nick's goal hadn't been to improve the lives of other people.
When Nick had worked with the Dreamer, he also hadn't thought about the lives of others.
When Nick had been searching for the next Specter, he also hadn't thought about others.
'And yet, I feel like I want to change things,' Nick thought.
'I feel like I should do something to improve the general quality of life of the people in the Dregs.'
'When did that happen?'
Silence.
Eventually, Nick reached an answer, but he didn't like it.
'When I decided to kill the Riker Strikers,' Nick thought. 'That was when I made my choice.'
Nick looked down.
'Is Wyntor right? Am I just saying this because I want a justification?'
'I was growing frustrated, and when the frustration hit a high point, I suddenly found a solution to my frustration while also conveniently finding a moral justification.'
'What if I wouldn't have gained anything out of this? What if I weren't allowed to keep the corpses?'
'Would I still have done this?'
Silence.
Nick kept thinking.
'As things are now, no.'
'However, that's because of the price for killing them.'
'I want to help the people, but 5,000 credits to kill a person is just too high of a price.'
'If I wouldn't need to pay 5,000 credits for every person I kill, I genuinely believe I would kill the Riker Strikers to improve the Dregs.'
'Yes, I want to improve the lives of others!'
'I always lamented that so many powerful people didn't give a shit about improving the world and just kept consuming more and more to become fatter and fatter while we poor people suffered.'
'I always wanted to change things, but I never felt like I had the power.'
'But now, I am slowly attaining this power.'
'I refuse to become one of these people who forget their past struggles!'
'I refuse to have this mindset that, since I am now the one in power, I have a moral justification to do the same thing that has been done to me in the past to others!'
'I will improve the lives of others!'
The next moment, Nick narrowed his eyes and looked at the hearse.
'But it has to be sustainable. If I can't keepmy power, I lose the power to help others.'
'The stronger I get, the more people I can help.'
'But it's important that I never lose this mindset!'
The next moment, Nick turned to Wyntor.
"Thanks, I needed that."
Wyntor just raised an eyebrow.
He wasn't quite sure what Nick meant.



Chapter 71 Silent Work
Nick explained what he had been thinking about to Wyntor, who just looked at Nick with a skeptical expression.
"So, you're actually serious?" Wyntor asked. "You actually want to improve the lives of the people of the Dregs?"
Nick nodded without hesitation.
"Why?" Wyntor asked. "They've never done anything for you. From what I've heard, all of them didn't care about you, and many of them even wanted to steal your things. Why would you want to sacrifice the stuff you earned to help people like them?"
"It's the system, not the individual person," Nick said. "If there were no taxes, the number of violent crimes would drop significantly. If the people had access to better food, they wouldn't need to fight others for valuable nutrients."
"Yes, there are many people that are unnecessarily cruel and extremely selfish. Naturally, these people don't deserve to get a better life."
"But I can't judge all of the poor people because some of them are monsters."
"Just like how I can't call all the rich people monsters because they are not helping us."
"Right now, the people in the Dregs suffer, and some of them can improve their lives."
"However, I want it the other way around."
"I want everyone to have a good life, and if they do bad stuff, their lives will worsen."
"I think everyone deserves a chance, and I want to do my best to make this possible."
Wyntor still looked at Nick with a skeptical expression. "That's a tall order, you know?"
Nick nodded. "I know. If I want to help everyone in the Dregs on such a fundamental level, I probably need to become as powerful as Albert, at least. Maybe even more powerful."
"But, at least then, my power has actual value and meaning."
Wyntor rubbed his chin as he looked at Nick.
"So, in short, you want to become much stronger. Power is the source that allows you to realize your dreams, right?" he asked.
"I guess you could put it like that," Nick said with a nod.
"Alright," Wyntor said.
The next moment, Wyntor sighed.
"I'm happy to hear that, you know?"
This time, it was Nick who looked at Wyntor with skepticism. "Why?"
"I was afraid that you would become complacent," Wyntor said with a laugh. "You always told me that you just want a better life. I was afraid that you would take it easy as soon as your livelihood became secure."
"But since you now have such a grand goal, you probably have no reason to become complacent."
Nick scratched the back of his head in embarrassment. "Yeah, I guess so."
Wyntor nodded. "Alright. Then, let's deal with the corpses."
Nick nodded with a smile.
"I've sent Pator home for today, Jenny is currently working, and Trevor won't be here for several hours," Wyntor said. "They have also not been informed about our decision to give the Parasite a couple of corpses, and I want to keep it that way."
"Working with the Parasite is illegal, and if we are found out, Crimson Fungus City will crack down on us. I will be able to get through this thanks to my family, but you won't survive. I hope you understand how important this is," Wyntor said.
Nick nodded solemnly. "I fully understand. I also don't want to die."
Wyntor nodded back in mutual understanding.
"Bring them over," Wyntor said as he walked around the Dreamer's Containment Unit.
Nick pulled the hearse behind him and followed Wyntor.
Near the back of the warehouse, Wyntor stopped.
Wyntor kneeled down and pointed at one of the shiny metal plates on the ground. "Since we want to keep this a secret, I can't commission someone to create easy access to the sewers, which means you have to do it."
 "I've already looked at the blueprints of the warehouse, and I've seen where all the important pipes and cables go through. There should be nothing important below this place, which is why I want to make this the entrance to the sewers."
Nick nodded and walked over to the plate.
"To make the warehouse stable, the screws have been welded onto the metal plates, making it effectively impossible to remove them," Wyntor said as he pointed at one of the screws.
"I want you to tear them out without breaking them. I don't want there to be any signs."
Nick nodded. "Of course."
Wyntor also nodded and left Nick to work.
Nick needed his ability active for this.
Over the next 30 minutes, Nick removed the screws carefully.
It was extremely difficult to remove them without destroying the welding covering their edges.
Nevertheless, by carefully rotating them, Nick managed to keep the welding on the screws while removing it from the plate itself.
When he was done, he called Wyntor back, who nodded in appreciation.
"Good work," Wyntor said. "Now, slowly remove it."
Nick removed all the screws one by one and carefully put them to the side.
Then, he slowly lifted the plate.
The plate wasn't that heavy, which was why Nick didn't need his ability.
After removing the plate, Nick saw a small and dark crawlspace with another set of plates.
Luckily, the second set of plates was not welded shut, but the plates were far bigger and heavier.
Each plate weighed over 400 kilos.
Wyntor left so that Nick's ability could reactivate, and over the next ten minutes, Nick managed to take one of the massive plates off.
As soon as the plate was pushed to the side, the horrible stench of the sewers entered the warehouse.
'We'll have to deal with the stench,' Nick thought. 'Luckily, nobody's here right now.'
Nick called Wyntor back, and when Wyntor saw the disgusting black abyss, he took a deep breath.
Since they were not in the Dregs, there were no grates that let light enter the sewers, which meant that the sewers below the warehouse were pitch black.
Luckily, since the warehouse had many small holes in its ceiling, the light from the warehouse also reached the sewers, creating an isolated beam of light in a seemingly eternity of darkness.
"Call him," Wyntor said.
Nick nodded.



Chapter 72 Trade Negotiations
"Hey, Parasite," Nick half-shouted. "I'm here for our trade."
Silence.
Nothing.
No answer came.
Nick looked at Wyntor with furrowed brows.
Splash!
Finally, a splash came from below them, and the two of them saw the head of a rat poking out of the water below them.
"This better be worth it," the rat said. "It takes a lot of energy to get a body through the Eternal's domain."
While Specters weren't targeted by the Nightmare, their minions were.
However, someone as powerful as the Parasite had some ways to get his minion through a corridor of darkness.
"I got the nine corpses," Nick said.
The rat seemed quite surprised when it heard that. "You do?" it asked in surprise.
Nick nodded. "Yes, I do, but I want the location of a useful Specter that I can actually handle."
"Sure, sure!" the rat said quickly. "I already know exactly which one to give you, and I am absolutely certain that you will like this one."
Nick furrowed his brows and looked at Wyntor.
Wyntor nodded.
"Good," Nick said. "Then, do we just dump the corpses in here?"
"Hmmm, can you send them down somewhere else?" the rat asked. "Getting that many of my minions here costs a lot of energy."
"No, we can't," Wyntor said from the side. "You know better than anyone else that nobody is allowed to help you. I can justify taking the corpses here because we are a Zephyx Manufacturer, and many Specters need corpses, but I can't justify taking them somewhere else."
"I'm not going to risk my business unnecessarily."
The rat didn't seem happy at all.
"If I get enough of my minions here to consume the corpse, I need to expend over 30% of the resources I would get from them. That means I would only get six instead of nine corpses, which means I need another four or five corpses to make this a fair trade," the rat said.
"How you transport the corpses is not our problem," Wyntor said. "You told my employee, when you made the offer, that he only needs to dump the corpses into the sewers. You did not specify where and at what time to do it."
"Based on your offer, we can dump the corpses, all at once, without informing you, into a pit of pure darkness as long as it is within the sewer's domain."
"Frankly, your logistical issues are not relevant to this negotiation," Wyntor said.
The rat really didn't like what it was hearing.
"Are you going to miss out on a Specter just because you don't want to get four more corpses real quick?" the rat asked.
"Are you?" Wyntor answered. "You're the one going back on your word."
"I'm not going back on my word!" the Parasite shouted in anger. "You are effectively only giving me six corpses instead of nine! You're scamming me!"
"No, we are not," Wyntor answered calmly but firmly. "We are the procurers of the corpses, and we are selling them at wholesale. There's a reason why the actual merchants generally ask for 30% more. If you sell the corpses to your customers, you will get the worth of nine corpses out of them."
"What are you even talking about?!" the rat shouted. "I'm not a fucking merchant!"
"So?" Wyntor answered. "We are the producers of said corpses. If you are not willing to sell them for more, that's not our problem. The trade agreement stands. Now, do you want the corpses right now?"
The rat seemed like it was about to die of anger. "Fine!" it shouted. "But I will remember this for the future."
"You are free to make us a new offer after fulfilling this one," Wyntor calmly answered. "You might be our best option for obtaining information regarding Specters right now, but if your offer is too disadvantageous for us, you will lose this position."
"At some point, creating an Investigator team or buying Specters from other Manufacturers might be more cost-effective than accepting your offers."
 "In the end, it's up to you," Wyntor said evenly.
The rat just glared at Wyntor without saying anything for several seconds.
"Like father like son," the rat grumbled. "Fine!"
"Give me some minutes."
"Of course," Wyntor answered before looking away from the dark hole.
While they were waiting, Nick saw Wyntor leaning away from the hole and sighing in relief.
Nick was quite surprised when he saw that.
Just now, Wyntor had seemed extremely confident and in control, but as soon as he was outside the Parasite's perception, he lost all that confidence.
"Ready the corpses," Wyntor said as he casually motioned for Nick to bring the hearse.
"Of course," Nick answered as he pulled over the hearse.
Then, a couple of minutes of silence passed.
"I'm ready."
Nick and Wyntor looked into the hole again.
Even though they had been prepared, a cold shudder still ran down their backs when they saw the heads of over a hundred rats poking out of the water.
"Alright," Nick answered. "Want them one by one or all at once?"
"One by one," one of the rats said.
Nick stood up, grabbed one of the corpses, and hurled it into the hole.
SPLASH!
When the corpse hit the water, Nick saw the rats all jumping onto it with fervor.
Nick didn't notice it, but the Parasite's anger nearly vanished at this moment.
The Parasite had only asked for corpses, which meant that Nick could have also thrown in a malnourished little girl, which wouldn't have given the Parasite a lot of energy.
However, the corpse that Nick had thrown in was of a big and muscular man.
That was a high-quality corpse for the Parasite.
And when Nick dumped the other corpses, the Parasite actually felt like he was lucky.
All of these corpses were high-quality corpses!
The Parasite even had to get over more rats since the corpses were so big.
Eventually, all but one of the rats left.
"Well?" Wyntor asked.
The rat looked at Wyntor with a wide grin.
"I'll keep my word."
"I'll tell you. You're going to love this one!"



Chapter 73 Possession Specter
Nick and Wyntor were listening to the Parasite intently.
"You're going to love this," the Parasite said. "This Specter is easy to capture, easy to find, and easy to work with."
Wyntor looked at the Parasite with furrowed brows. "That sounds a bit too good to be true."
"And it would be," the rat shouted, "but you guys are in luck."
"The Specter I'm going to tell you about is my competition, and I want to get rid of him. If he weren't eating so many of my corpses, I would never give his location to anyone for just ten corpses."
Wyntor just gestured for the Parasite to continue.
"I'm calling him the Screaming Coffin," the Parasite said.
"Screaming Coffin?" Wyntor repeated. "Does this mean what I think it means?"
"Yep!" the rat said with a smile. "It's a Possession Specter, the very thing all of you Zephyx Manufacturers want."
Wyntor looked at the rat with a suspicious expression. "And you're going to hand that Specter to us just like that?"
"Well," the Parasite slowly said. "Why not view it as a nice favor from me for our future negotiations?"
"Sure," Wyntor slowly said with an uncertain tone. "So, where is this Screaming Coffin, and what does it do?"
"Right here," the rat said. "In fact, you're not even 30 meters away from it."
This surprised Nick and Wyntor, and they looked around.
Sadly, since the sewers were so dark, they couldn't see much.
"This guy eats the same stuff as me, human corpses," the rat said, "but he takes way longer to digest them, and he isn't very fast."
"The Screaming Coffin is moving around the bottom of the sewers, and whenever he finds a corpse, he swims toward it and consumes it."
"While the guy is just a Hatchling, I can't overwhelm him with just my minions, which is why I have to give him corpses from time to time. In fact, I had to protect the corpses you guys gave me quite fiercely just now since he wanted them very badly."
When Nick heard about the Screaming Coffin, he furrowed his brows.
Sure, a Possession Specter was the best Specter possible for Zephyx extraction.
They didn't run away.
They didn't fight back.
They were easy to work with.
A Possession Specter essentially represented free money for a Zephyx Manufacturer.
However, there was one bad thing.
One couldn't attune one's Zephyx Synchronizer to a Possession Specter.
This meant that Nick's issue still wasn't solved.
He still needed a Specter that had a high compatibility with his ability.
"How powerful is it?" Wyntor asked while Nick was thinking about the issue with his ability.
"Not at all," the Parasite said with a dismissing tone. "He has a couple of grabby tendrils, but Nick should easily be strong enough to resist it. Especially since he doesn't technically have a perception since he's just an object."
"In fact, if Nick isn't careful, he might accidentally rip the poor guy into two."
All of this sounded too good to be true, and Nick still felt suspicious.
Was the Parasite planning something?
"Thank you," Wyntor said from the side. "We will be capturing the Screaming Coffin in a couple of days."
"In a couple of days?" the Parasite repeated. "Why not now? The guy is literally below me."
 "You said the Screaming Coffin consumes corpses, correct?" Wyntor asked.
The rat nodded.
"And we just procured nine corpses. However, we don't have these corpses anymore."
"If we capture the Screaming Coffin right now, it needs corpses to stay placated, but if we go out and immediately get even more corpses after getting so many just hours ago, the guards might suspect us."
"So, we have to act like we already have the Screaming Coffin and that the nine corpses went to it."
"Because of that, I want to wait for three to five days before capturing it."
The rat didn't seem happy, but the Parasite understood Wyntor's decision.
"Fine," the Parasite answered. "Just call me when you need his location, but don't call me just to chat. Getting one of my minions to this isolated location wastes too much energy, and if I'm getting called for some dumb reasons, I might start charging you for my consultations."
"Of course," Wyntor said. "Thank you for the trade, and we will be calling for you when it's time to capture the Screaming Coffin."
"Sure," the rat said before diving into the water and vanishing.
The next moment, Wyntor turned to Nick. "Close everything up. No one must know what happened."
Nick was pulled out of his thoughts and nodded.
After a couple of minutes, everything had been put back, and Nick looked at Wyntor again.
"I still need a proper Specter for my Ability Advancement," Nick said.
"I know," Wyntor said, "but it's actually extremely good that we got a Possession Specter this time."
A smile appeared on Wyntor's face. "The Screaming Coffin probably produces a lot of Zephyx since it is consuming human corpses. Specters that consume humans tend to produce a lot of Zephyx in very little time."
"With it and the Dreamer, we will be producing a great amount of Zephyx every day, which will allow us to buy more advanced things."
"Your advancement is still over a year away, and we have plenty of time to accumulate wealth during that time," Wyntor said. "Don't forget that there are not only Specters roaming around that we humans haven't found yet but that there are also ones that are simply too troublesome to capture and contain."
"With enough money, we might even be able to get a Containment Unit for a Force Specter," Wyntor said with a smirk.
Nick's eyebrows rose in positive surprise.
If Nick could also choose from some Force Specters, his number of choices would improve tremendously.
In the end, Nick accepted that getting a Possession Specter was a good thing.
Best of all, Nick probably didn't even need to hire more Zephyx Extractors for the new Specter.



Chapter 74 One More
After getting rid of all the different signs that pointed towards a trade with the Parasite, Nick left the warehouse again and dealt with Horua.
By now, Nick had become completely used to dealing with Horua, and he had found his rhythm.
Since it had been three months, Horua had grown by quite a bit. Nick even needed to buy him some new clothes.
Sadly, Horua had not yet shown any signs of getting better.
A couple of days ago, Nick had taken Jenny to Horua to see if she could do something with the ability she had gotten from the Dreamer.
When Jenny had seen how old Horua was, she had been extremely shocked.
Nick had always seemed like an extremely competent and friendly boss.
But now, she was confronted with the fact that Nick had essentially thrown a child in front of the Dreamer.
This didn't fit Jenny's image of Nick at all.
Nevertheless, she couldn't ignore the proof right in front of her.
After Horua went to sleep, Jenny tried to view his dreams.
But there weren't any.
According to Jenny, Horua simply wasn't dreaming at all.
The two of them asked Wyntor about this the next day. After all, Wyntor had been taught a lot by the tutors his family had hired.
Wyntor said that, normally, dreaming was simply the brain of a person reorganizing the memories they had written down that day, which was also why almost all dreams were somehow related to some thoughts one had had during that day.
The fact that Horua wasn't dreaming actually wasn't very surprising.
After all, Horua didn't perceive anything, which meant that he most likely didn't create new memories.
So, he also didn't dream.
There was simply nothing to dream about.
When Nick heard that, he could only sigh.
He wanted to help Horua.
Horua had been in this state for a quarter of a year, and Nick knew that this wasn't a life worth living.
Would he wake up on his own?
The doctor said it was possible.
But what if he wouldn't?
Should he simply ask the Dreamer to wake Horua up?
But what if that caused even more pain to Horua?
What if Horua would have simply woken up a week later?
For now, Nick decided against using the Dreamer and continued caring for Horua.
Over the next couple of days, Nick only traveled between Horua and the warehouse.
He didn't return to the Dregs to search for another Specter.
Nick had to act like they had already caught a Specter.
Four days after the trade with the Parasite, it was time.
During the late hours, Nick went into the warehouse.
Even though the sun always shone, most people still slept during the night.
 Horua had also already gone to sleep, which meant that Nick could stay outside for around four hours before he had to check up on Horua again.
After entering the warehouse, Nick waited for Wyntor, who showed up just a couple of minutes later.
At this moment, it was shortly after midnight.
"You ready?" Nick asked.
Wyntor nodded. "Get the corpse," he said before handing Nick a token.
It was a special token that gave Nick permission to "create and collect" one corpse in the Dregs.
Nick took the token and left the warehouse.
During these hours, there were not many people on the streets, and the city felt almost dead.
After some minutes, Nick entered the Dregs.
As soon as he arrived, he jumped on top of one building and quietly moved from rooftop to rooftop.
Nick didn't want to be perceived while also having a good vantage point.
He was searching for a fitting corpse.
For the next couple of minutes, Nick saw a couple of groups of people walking around, but he didn't pay them any mind.
They weren't doing anything shady.
Nick also saw a couple of gatherings, but that was also quite normal.
Many of the people of the Dregs didn't feel safe at night, which was why some of them created small groups, and some of these people kept watch over the houses during the night.
After a couple more minutes, Nick saw a small group of men covertly moving through the alleys.
When he saw them, Nick paid special attention to them.
The way they were sneaking around was suspicious.
But after a bit of watching, Nick realized that they were just a small squad from the Insurance Gang.
The Insurance Gang regularly walked through the Dregs to advertise their services.
These groups often held hundreds, if not thousands, of credits in their palms, which was why they were sneaking around like this.
When he found out that they were from the Insurance Gang, Nick ignored them again.
Some minutes later, Nick saw a woman breaking into a house.
Nick didn't care.
Then, he saw a couple of men having sex with a woman in an alleyway.
The woman didn't seem into it, but she also didn't seem too opposed, which was why Nick also ignored that.
Finally, 30 minutes after arriving in the Dregs, Nick found something interesting.
There was a tall 25-year-old woman walking through some alleyways.
Usually, Nick wouldn't care, but something made this very relevant to him.
The woman was wearing the badge of the Riker Strikers.
When Nick saw her with the badge, he hesitated for a bit.
But in the end, he knew that someone who chose to become part of the Riker Strikers couldn't possibly be a good person.
So, Nick jumped down from one of the rooftops and landed on her head with his knee.
Her brains splattered across the streets and dirtied Nick's clothing.
However, Nick just grabbed the corpse and jumped onto one of the rooftops again.
Some minutes later, Nick arrived in the Outer City, and when a guard looked at him, Nick simply threw the token he had received to him.
The guard looked at it, nodded, and followed Nick.
When they arrived at the warehouse, the guard left.
Inside the warehouse, Nick and Wyntor looked at each other.
And then, they nodded in understanding.



Chapter 75 Screaming Coffin
Nick slowly opened the plates again, and a couple minutes later, they once more looked into the sewers.
Just like the last time, the sun illuminated a big spot on the surface.
"Parasite, we're ready!" Wyntor shouted.
The two of them waited for nearly half a minute.
"You're ready?" a rat asked after popping its head out of the water.
Wyntor and Nick nodded.
"We prepared a corpse to lure it out as well," Wyntor said.
The rat just snorted when it heard that. "One last meal in freedom, eh?" the rat commented to itself.
"Sure, that should work," the rat shouted. "The guy is currently roaming around the Dregs below the surface. If he feels a corpse, he will quickly come here."
"Good," Wyntor answered before turning to Nick. "Are you ready?"
Nick nodded and threw a rope down.
The rope unfurled until its end touched the liquid of the sewers.
Naturally, Nick needed a way back into the warehouse, and this rope would be his way out.
Then, Nick and Wyntor looked at the Parasite.
Silence.
"What?" the Parasite asked.
"With you here, I can't use my ability," Nick said. "You know that."
"Pfft, you don't need it," the rat said with a laugh. "The guy is a Possession Specter without a useful ability. Even more, the guy is only an Early Hatchling. Fighting him is like fighting an angry table. Trust me, I'm not going to ruin my future relationship with Dark Dream just to see you die."
Nick furrowed his brows and glanced at Wyntor.
Wyntor just shrugged casually.
"Alright," Nick said carefully.
The next moment, Nick went away from the hole and grabbed the corpse.
Splash!
Nick hurled it into the water, and just a bit later, he saw it float on the surface.
Silence.
20 seconds passed.
"Is it coming?" Nick asked.
"No idea," the rat said. "I tend to keep my minions outside of the water. It's not very healthy for them. But he should be on his way. Give it a minute."
Silence.
The three of them just looked at the floating corpse.
"Oh, there he is!" the rat suddenly said.
The next moment, something white slowly rose out of the sewers beside the corpse.
It was a pristine white bandage!
A moment later, several more strings of bandages rose out from the sewers.
Slowly, they wound themselves around the corpse, and just a bit later, the corpse began to submerge.
 Nick took a deep breath and narrowed his eyes.
Then, Nick jumped into the hole.
SPLASH!
Nick hit the water beside one of the bandages, and he immediately grabbed it.
As soon as Nick held it, he felt a strong pull, and he immediately got pulled below the surface.
Naturally, the water was just as disgusting as the last time, but Nick didn't have the luxury of feeling disgusted right now.
He had to capture the Screaming Coffin!
Nick didn't let go of the bandage, and he quickly got pulled more and more into the depths.
Suddenly, several more white bandages appeared, and they started to come towards him slowly.
Luckily, the bandages were very slow. It was almost like the Screaming Coffin didn't feel any urgency or anger.
Which was actually the case.
As a Possession Specter that possessed an object, the Screaming Coffin didn't even really have a consciousness.
It had the same level of consciousness as a cell.
It just followed the most basic instincts.
RIIIP!
Suddenly, one of the bandages was ripped off as Nick pulled on it.
'What?' Nick thought in shock. 'I ripped it already?!'
That was when Nick realized that he was a couple of meters below the surface, which meant that neither Wyntor nor the Parasite could perceive him.
At this moment, Nick's body was over 15 times as powerful as the body of an average adult male, and the Screaming Coffin was only an Early Hatchling.
As soon as Nick ripped the bandage off, the other bandages started to slowly retreat.
Even though the Screaming Coffin had a very basic consciousness, when one of its bandages was ripped off, it still decided to stop its attempt to consume Nick.
'That's problematic,' Nick thought. 'I don't know where it is!'
Nick moved forward and grabbed two of the retreating bandages, but he didn't pull on them.
Instead, he simply kept them in his grasp.
The bandages wanted to slowly retreat, but after a couple of seconds, they started to slowly encompass Nick's arms.
Nick didn't do anything.
Soon, more bandages appeared around his body, and they also started to encompass him.
To make sure that Nick wasn't bound in a problematic position, he kept his arms and legs apart while also keeping all of his muscles flexed.
Even if the Screaming Coffin managed to wrap him in several bandages, all the bandages were still attached at one end, and with a single pull, Nick could tear them off.
Some seconds later, ten different bandages had grabbed Nick's body, and he felt himself get pulled downward.
Luckily, Nick was carrying a bit of Arclight on his waist, which meant that the Nightmare wasn't an issue right now.
10,000 credits was no longer something extremely expensive to Dark Dream.
After getting pulled down for a couple more meters, something appeared.
It was a luxurious black coffin.
At this moment, the coffin was closed, and twelve white bandages came out of the tiny gaps between the body and the lid of the coffin.
Nick looked at the coffin with narrowed eyes.
As Nick got closer, the coffin slowly slid open.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!
Immediately, Nick felt like he was looking at an eternal ocean of hate-filled ghosts!
It was like an army of furious and unwilling corpses was screaming at Nick to join them.
They hated being doomed to this eternal existence of suffering, and they had long since lost all of their rationality.
All of them were filled with nothing but pure hatred for anything that didn't share their pain.
Nick's body shook when he heard the hate-filled screams, but he quickly calmed down, and only one thought shot through his mind.
'So, that's why it's called the Screaming Coffin!'



Chapter 76 The Second Specter
The Screaming Coffin opened fully, and Nick saw a black void inside.
As soon as Nick saw the black void, he knew that he couldn't enter the coffin or he would die.
Power seemed to be irrelevant when encompassed by the Screaming Coffin.
Anything living would be turned into nourishment for the coffin.
Nick slightly moved his arms and felt that he could still use a lot of power.
For a bit, Nick let himself get pulled closer, and when they were only a bit less than two meters apart, Nick became active.
RIIIPP!
Nick immediately ripped his left and right arms free, followed by his legs.
Immediately, the other bandages loosened, and shockingly, they even cut themselves off!
The Screaming Coffin immediately let go of Nick, leaving several parts of Nick's body encased in white bandages.
The Screaming Coffin quickly closed its lid, and when it was fully closed, Nick shot forward.
In an instant, Nick surrounded the closed coffin with his arms. Luckily, it wasn't too big.
The next moment, Nick surrounded the coffin with his legs so that it couldn't run away.
RIIIIPPP!
After that, Nick methodically ripped out all of the white bandages that came out of the gaps.
When the last bandage was cut, the coffin stopped moving. The only bit of life or movement Nick could feel was that it was shaking a bit.
By removing all of the bandages, Nick had turned the Screaming Coffin into something akin to a spider with all of its legs ripped out.
It was alive, but it couldn't move.
Nick carefully switched his hold and looked at it for a bit.
The coffin only lightly shook in place, which meant that it couldn't move anymore.
'I guess that's it?' Nick asked himself doubtfully in his mind.
'That was easy.'
Of course, Nick still realized that this coffin could essentially kill and prey on any normal human.
If it caught one of the members of the Riker Strikers, the man would be helpless.
A normal adult male simply didn't have the power to rip the bandages apart.
But on the other hand, the Screaming Coffin was also very slow.
If the human noticed the coffin before it reached him, they could probably just run away.
However, things were different in the sewers.
No human would be able to feel the Screaming Coffin coming.
In short, it was an ambush predator.
'I guess we have a second Specter now,' Nick thought as he grabbed the bottom of the coffin before lifting it.
Next, Nick swam upward while holding the coffin, and a couple of seconds later, he reached the surface.
First, Nick felt like the coffin had become many times heavier, but that was just Nick's ability deactivating.
When Nick lifted the coffin out of the water, he had to wildly paddle with his legs to keep his head above the water.
"I got it!" Nick shouted, but he immediately regretted shouting as some of the liquid entered his mouth.
 "Great work! Bring it up!" Wyntor shouted.
"Nicely done, kid," the rat shouted.
Nick slowly pushed the coffin to the rope and tied a rope around it.
Sadly, there was not a lot of rope, which meant that he couldn't really secure it completely.
"Wyntor, I need you down here to keep the coffin in the loop. I don't think you have the power to pull both of us up," Nick shouted.
Wyntor looked at the sewers with disgust and anxiety, but he just gritted his teeth before nodding.
Wyntor slowly slid down the rope until he reached the coffin.
A disgusted and almost fearful expression appeared on Wyntor's face as he got submerged up to his chest in the sewers.
"Thanks," Nick said before grabbing the rope above Wyntor and easily pulling himself up.
When Nick reached the top, he walked a bit away from the edge and pulled.
Since no one could perceive Nick's exact location right now, his ability reactivated.
On the top, Nick pulled the rope to himself like there was almost nothing connected to it.
In the sewers, Wyntor felt an extremely powerful pull and was immediately lifted out of the sewers.
The coffin wobbled below Wyntor's ass, but he quickly shifted his weight to keep it in the loop.
Some seconds later, Wyntor grabbed the ceiling of the sewers and pulled himself carefully up while still grabbing the coffin with his legs.
Luckily, Wyntor wasn't weak.
In fact, he was a Mid Newbie since he had worked quite a bit with his father's Specters when he was young.
Nick quickly went forward and pulled Wyntor and the Screaming Coffin out.
Without waiting, Nick grabbed the Screaming Coffin and walked over to the Containment Unit in the middle of the warehouse.
They had already moved the Dreamer to its new Containment Unit a couple of days ago.
With Nick, Wyntor, and Jenny present, the Dreamer didn't even attempt to escape.
The Dreamer was now in a smaller Containment Unit, but a far more expensive and advanced one.
And the Screaming Coffin would now inhabit the Dreamer's old Containment Unit.
The alarm rang through the warehouse as the main gate of the Containment Unit was slowly opened.
Nick just walked into the Containment Unit, put the Screaming Coffin on the ground, and walked out again.
After closing the gate, he was done.
The Screaming Coffin was contained, and compared to the Dreamer, this thing was way easier to keep contained.
As long as it had something to eat, it probably wouldn't even move.
"Speaking of," Nick said before going to the hole.
When he looked down, he saw the rat sniffing the corpse they had thrown in earlier to lure out the Screaming Coffin.
"No!" Nick shouted. "I'm still using that!"
"Yeah, sure," the rat said absentmindedly as it retreated from the corpse.
Nick looked at the rope and saw that it was still bound to one of the Containment Units.
The next moment, Nick grabbed the rope and jumped back into the sewers.
Nick held the rope in one hand and grabbed the corpse with the other.
After a bit of shifting his weight, Nick managed to climb the rope with the corpse.
"Thanks!" Nick shouted into the hole.
"Just business!" the rat shouted back.
Then, Nick closed the hole to the sewers.
Finally, they got their second Specter, the Screaming Coffin!



Chapter 77 Watching the Coffin
After closing the hole to the sewers, Nick walked over to Wyntor.
At this moment, Wyntor was standing near the edge of the warehouse below something that looked like a shower.
The shower head was spewing Cleansing Liquid onto Wyntor, getting rid of all the impurities and the stench.
Such a cleansing shower cost a couple thousand credits, and taking a shower cost around 50 credits, which made the shower quite expensive for normal people.
But as a Zephyx Manufacturer, Dark Dream easily had enough funds for something like this.
A cleansing shower counted amongst the most basic equipment for a Zephyx Manufacturer since it was relatively cheap while also dealing with many risks.
A clean environment was important.
Wyntor deactivated the shower and walked out. Fortunately, one didn't need to take off their clothing for the cleansing shower.
Nick walked past Wyntor and went under the shower himself.
About two minutes later, Nick came out again, and he quickly saw Wyntor dumping a tank of Cleansing Liquid onto the ground.
In an instant, everything began to sizzle, but about 20 seconds later, it stopped.
All the impurities of the ground had been cleaned, but there was still Cleansing Liquid left.
"I'll deal with this," Wyntor said as he grabbed a broom, pushing the remaining Cleansing Liquid towards dirty spots on the ground. "You go deal with the Screaming Coffin."
"Sure," Nick answered, not surprised that Wyntor was essentially cleaning the floor of the warehouse as the CEO.
Usually, this would be Pator's job, but since nobody was allowed to know about what was going on, Wyntor did it himself.
Nick walked over to the corpse he had retrieved and lifted it.
The corpse was leaving some trails of blood and grime, but Nick didn't mind.
Wyntor would deal with it.
A moment later, Nick opened the door to the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit and walked in with the corpse.
After entering, Nick saw the Screaming Coffin shaking a bit while tiny pieces of white bandages came out of its edges.
'It has already started recovering,' Nick thought as he looked at the Screaming Coffin.
Nick slowly walked up to the Screaming Coffin and dumped the corpse beside it.
'Now, time to wait,' Nick thought as he looked at the Screaming Coffin.
The next moment, Nick sat down at the far corner, watching.
Nick wanted to see how the Screaming Coffin would consume the corpse.
Additionally, Nick wanted to know how long it would take for the Screaming Coffin to digest the corpse and become active again.
Time passed.
Over the next hour, the bandages grew by about ten centimeters, and the Screaming Coffin was almost able to move again.
An hour later, the Screaming Coffin could finally move again, but it was very slow.
It moved using its bandage-like legs.
In the water, it would probably just slide across the ground, but on land, it had to be careful.
The first thing the Screaming Coffin did was to look around the Containment Unit.
It was almost like an ant under a small glass, trying to climb up all the walls but failing.
Nick was just watching.
Based on what he was seeing, the Screaming Coffin didn't have any kind of perception since it was slowly crawling towards him while also trying to climb the walls.
 When the Screaming Coffin's bandage touched Nick's hand, it retreated relatively quickly.
Quickly for the Screaming Coffin, which wasn't very fast by human standards.
While retreating, it still tried to climb the walls, and eventually, it ran around the entire room, reaching Nick's other side.
This time, it didn't immediately retreat.
Its bandages slowly touched Nick's hand and flowed over them.
The next moment, the Screaming Coffin used its white bandages to do something surprising.
With a lot of difficulties, it managed to actually stand up.
At that moment, Nick noticed that the Screaming Coffin was actually quite huge.
It was over two meters tall and over 80 centimeters wide.
The next moment…
AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!
The lid slowly slid open and fell to the side as the screams of the damned filled the Containment Unit.
Since it wasn't underwater this time, the screams were many times louder.
Nick actually felt pressure appear in his head due to the extremely loud screams.
Then, the coffin fell forward.
BANG!
And hit the ground.
Nick simply stepped to the side.
Obviously, the Screaming Coffin had tried to eat Nick just now, but since it didn't have its long bandages, it just tried to fall on top of him with its open maw.
When the opening of the coffin hit the ground, the screams immediately vanished.
The next moment, the Screaming Coffin pushed itself onto its back, and the loud screams returned.
Surprisingly, the first thing the Screaming Coffin did after that was to very quickly go to its lid to put it back on.
'Interesting,' Nick thought. 'It went faster to its lid than when it fled from me the first time it touched me in here. I guess the lid is extremely important to it.'
'Maybe it uses up a considerable amount of Zephyx while its lid is off?' Nick thought as he scratched his chin in thought.
The Screaming Coffin quickly put the lid back on, after which it slowed down considerably.
Then, it started to slowly crawl around the Containment Unit again.
When Nick saw that, he sighed in annoyance and stood up.
Nick walked over to the corpse in the middle of the Containment Unit and grabbed the corpse.
Then, he dumped the corpse into the Screaming Coffin's path.
After a bit, the Screaming Coffin touched the corpse.
Its white bandages touched it in many places, and eventually, the Screaming Coffin's lid opened again.
'It's not standing up this time,' Nick thought. 'That probably means it can tell that this human is actually dead.'
Sure enough, its short white bandages wound around the corpse as best as they could, and a couple of seconds later, the corpse was pulled into the open coffin.
With interest, Nick saw the corpse completely vanish.
It was like the corpse had entered a completely separate, dark dimension.
Another surprising thing was that the screams became very distant and quiet with the corpse inside.
The Screaming Coffin quickly put its lid back on.
And then…
Nothing.
It just lay there.
Doing nothing.



Chapter 78 Trevor
For a couple of hours, Nick just watched the motionless coffin.
It was amost like it was just a normal coffin.
"Nick, time to work."
Wyntor's voice came out of the speakers inside the Containment Unit.
"Is it already six am.?" Nick asked.
"About to," Wyntor answered.
"Sure," Nick said. "Would be nice if you could keep a watch over the Screaming Coffin. It doesn't seem to do anything while it has a corpse inside of it, but I want to know when it actually starts to move around again. Don't worry, it is very slow, and you can easily retreat from it if it tries anything."
"Should be fine as long as you take a look inside every hour."
"Sure," Wyntor said. "I can do that."
By now, Nick had already opened the door and walked outside.
"By the way," Nick said, looking at Wyntor. "Can you also tell the others about the Screaming Coffin? They don't need to work with it, but they should know that we have a second Specter."
Wyntor furrowed his brows. "I don't want to tell everyone about every Specter."
"Why not?" Nick asked.
"Zephyx Manufacturers often send spies into other Zephyx Manufacturers, and after knowing everything about all the Specters, they often steal them."
"I will tell them that we have a second Specter, but I won't tell them any information about it. After all, they don't need to work with it, and it won't break out."
"Since it is a Possession Specter, it's very easy to take care of the Screaming Coffin. We just have to get corpses and dump them in here when it's done eating," Wyntor said.
Nick also furrowed his brows.
Jenny and Trevor were Nick's employees, and he trusted them.
He didn't like it that Wyntor wasn't telling them everything.
"If you think so," Nick said with a shrug, moving past him.
Obviously, Nick wasn't happy, but he wouldn't go against Wyntor's orders.
"Thanks," Wyntor said with a nod.
"Sure," Nick said absentmindedly as he walked over to the Dreamer's new Containment Unit.
The Dreamer's new Containment Unit was 3x3x3 meters big, which was a bit smaller than its old Containment Unit.
However, just by looking at it, one could tell that this one was way more expensive.
First of all, there were no visible wires or pipes.
Second of all, the Containment Unit was just a solid, clean, even, and black cube.
It amost looked like a cube of obsidian.
Well, except for the top.
The ceiling of the Containment Unit was made of amysterious material that had some properties of glass.
From above the Containment Unit, one could see through the ceiling clearly, but when inside, one couldn't look out.
If this were a simple one-way mirror, it would be the other way around.
With a one-way mirror, the side that let the light enter would not be able to see through it, while the side that received the light could see through it.
This glass-like surface was also one of the biggest reasons why this Containment Unit was so expensive.
First of all, the people outside could see what was going on in the Containment Unit.
 Second of all, the surface was extremely hard.
Third, the Zephyx Manufacturer didn't need to waste money on artificial light anymore.
Sadly, there was one problem with that part of the Containment Unit.
It couldn't isolate Force Specters.
But that was a small price to pay for all the conveniences.
This model was probably the one that was used and sold the most amongst Zephyx Manufacturers.
It was pretty cheap for a Containment Unit, could contain an Adolescent Specter, and was pretty small and sturdy.
This model was used to basically contain every Hatchling and Adolescent Specter that wasn't a Force Specter.
When Nick reached the black cube, he jumped up and landed on top of the Containment Unit.
Naturally, when Nick landed, it made quite a loud sound, but the Dreamer didn't seem to care as it continued to look at Trevor.
In front of the Dreamer lay aman with long black hair.
The man was around 185 centimeters tall and quite muscular with a chiseled jawline.
The Extractor uniform he was wearing made him seem even more impressive.
In a way, the man looked like someone who had come out of a fantasy.
That was Trevor.
Naturally, with his looks, Trevor had it extremely easy to make friends and pick up girls, which was also why Wyntor had chosen him over Jenny for any sensitive mission.
In a way, Trevor was a perfect spy or secret agent since he could get close to anyone easily.
Men wanted to be his friend, while women wanted to be his girlfriend.
When Nick saw that everything looked fine in the Containment Unit, he jumped down from the roof and walked in.
"Time to swap," Nick said.
The Dreamer slowly turned its head to look at Nick.
Even though Nick was used to working with the Dreamer, he still felt nervous in front of it.
Compared to the Screaming Coffin, the Dreamer was many times worse since it was actually dangerous to Nick.
Sure, the Screaming Coffin looked real scary and spooky when it screamed and crawled around with its white bandages, but the Dreamer could actually really kill Nick.
The Dreamer took some steps back, and Nick walked up to Trevor.
"Hey, time to wake up," Nick said.
However, Nick didn't touch or move Trevor.
Trevor had said that he hated touching other people or getting touched by them.
After a bit, Trevor slowly opened his eyes with a groan.
"Is it time already?" his deep voice said as he slowly sat up.
"Yep," Nick said. "Good work."
"Easy as pie, boss," Trevor said as he slowly stood up.
Then, Trevor stretched without any hurry and waved at the Dreamer. "Good work today," he told it.
The Dreamer didn't show any reaction.
"Can you answer me at least once?" Trevor asked with annoyance.
The Dreamer didn't do anything.
"Anyway, time for me to head home. Have fun, boss!" Trevor said, passing Nick.
"Trevor, go talk to Wyntor," Nick said.
Trevor stopped and turned to Nick with a worried look. "Am I in trouble?"
"No," Nick said with a laugh. "I caught a new Specter yesterday. The other Containment Unit is now occupied."
Trevor looked with surprise at Nick. "You caught another Specter?"
Nick nodded. "Wyntor is going to tell you everything you need to know."
"Oh, wow. Sure, I'll head there right now," Trevor said.
While Trevor walked out of the Containment Unit, Nick sat down in one of the corners and closed his eyes.
As always, the Dreamer slowly walked up to him.
And aminute later, Nick fell asleep.



Chapter 79 Big Profits
When Nick woke up again, he directly went to Wyntor to ask him about the Screaming Coffin.
Apparently, the Screaming Coffin still hadn't moved.
By now, it had been consuming that one corpse for over twelve hours.
After a bit of talking, Nick went back to the hotel and checked up on Horua.
Luckily, Pator had dealt with Horua while Nick was working, which made things easier.
Every couple of hours, Nick returned to look at the Screaming Coffin, and after some time, Nick's times when he checked up on Horua perfectly matched the times he checked up on the Screaming Coffin.
After sleeping for four hours, Nick checked up on Horua and the Screaming Coffin again.
Nothing had changed.
When it was time for Nick's shift to start, he checked up on the Screaming Coffin again.
It still hadn't moved.
'It's been over 28 hours by now. If it were hungry, it would probably move around the Containment Unit and search for some food,' Nick thought. 'Does this mean that it takes more than 24 hours to consume a corpse?'
Before starting his next shift with the Dreamer, Nick told Wyntor to check on the coffin again.
When Nick came out again, he asked Wyntor, and Wyntor had something interesting to tell him.
"About six hours into your shift, it started to move around the Containment Unit," Wyntor said. "Right now, it's walking around, trying to escape to find some food. Luckily, it is very weak, and it doesn't even try to break the walls. It simply tries to find a way around the walls."
'Six hours after the start of my shift?' Nick thought. 'That should be about one-and-a-half days after I fed the corpse to it.'
Nick nodded. "Got it. Let me check up on it."
Wyntor nodded back and went into his office.
While Jenny was working with the Dreamer, Nick checked up on the Screaming Coffin.
But before he did, he checked up on the amount of Zephyx it produced.
'30 grams!' Nick thought in shock.
30 grams was a lot.
'Is that like one gram per hour?' Nick thought.
30 grams was about as much as the Dreamer produced daily.
Sure, the Screaming Coffin produced that in about 32 to 34 hours, but one also had to consider that it was only an Early Hatchling.
If the Screaming Coffin managed to become a Mid Hatchling, it might produce just as much as the Dreamer or even more.
And best of all, it didn't need anyone that was working with it.
It just needed a corpse.
Before entering, Nick took out the Zephyx storage of the Containment Unit and brought it into Wyntor's office.
As the Chief Zephyx Extractor, it was Nick's job to record all the produced Zephyx and to bring it to the sales department, which was just Wyntor at the moment.
Then, Nick entered the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit again.
Sure enough, it was currently crawling around the Containment Unit like a spider with thirteen long white legs.
'It looks quite creepy,' Nick thought.
Nick imagined the Screaming Coffin silently walking around the forsaken parts of the Dregs on the hunt for some food.
But then, Nick had another thought.
After weighing his options for a bit, Nick decided to try it out.
 He walked closer, and when he reached the Screaming Coffin, it started to use its long white bandages to encompass him.
But before it could do so, Nick kicked it.
The coffin lurched away but didn't get damaged since Nick hadn't used all of his power.
Nevertheless, Nick's kick was enough to tell the coffin that it didn't have the power to eat him.
Nick walked closer to the coffin.
And then, he jumped.
Donk!
And landed on top of the Screaming Coffin!
The Screaming Coffin immediately fell to the floor and pulled its bandages inward.
After that, Nick just sat down on the coffin.
Silence.
Nothing was happening.
"Come on!" Nick said with annoyance. "Move around a bit. I wanna ride you!"
However, the Specter just didn't move.
After a couple of minutes, Nick just sighed and walked away from the Screaming Coffin.
Another minute later, the Screaming Coffin slowly pulled out its white bandages again and started to circle the Containment Unit again.
'I don't think I can domesticate it. I think it's a bit too dumb to be a useful mount,' he thought with disappointment.
'Anyway, I should get some food for it.'
Nick left the Containment Unit and saw Pator.
"Hey, can you work a bit longer for today? I have somewhere to be, and I need someone to look out for Horua for the next two hours or so. Naturally, you will get paid for the extra time," Nick said.
"Sure, no problem!" Pator said. "Thanks for the extra money!"
"Thanks, Pator," Nick said with a smile before walking out of the warehouse.
'30 grams of Zephyx is about 30,000 credits in total. However, every corpse costs around 15,000 credits, and with the other costs, the Screaming Coffin only produces a profit of about 12,000 credits per corpse.'
'Luckily, none of my Zephyx Extractors need to work with it, which means there's more remaining for me!' Nick thought with a smile.
'That's about 2,000 credits more per day with only a little extra work!'
'Although, I have no idea what I should buy with all of this.'
'I'm earning so many credits, but they are just sitting in my bank account, collecting dust.'
As Nick reached the guard outpost, he stopped and scratched his head.
'Isn't that kind of what I've hated in other people in the past?'
'Just months ago, I thought that it would be great if everyone could just give a little of their overabundant wealth to help others.'
Slowly, Nick started to feel bad about having so many credits.
But he also felt like he deserved to have all these credits.
It was a complex mix of contrasting emotions.
Nick absentmindedly talked with the guards, and about a minute later, he came out with a token for a corpse.
'I don't even need the money to help the Dregs since I am paying for the corpses with the company's card,' Nick thought as he looked at the token.
'I really need something to do with my money.'



Chapter 80 Investing
After searching in the Dregs for about an hour, Nick found a guy belonging to the Riker Strikers.
Just like last time, Nick just killed the guy and pulled him back to Dark Dream.
On his way, he handed the token back to the guards, who just thanked him for his patronage.
Nick threw the corpse into the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit and watched it consume the corpse.
As always, the terrifying screams hurt Nick's ears quite a bit.
After Nick left the Containment Unit, he looked at the clock.
'About 3 pm. That means it should be done between 10 pm. tomorrow and 2 am. the day after tomorrow.'
Nick nodded and walked into Wyntor's office.
"Anything you need?" Wyntor asked without looking up from the sheet of paper he was writing on.
"Hey, Wyntor," Nick said. "What do I do with my money?"
"Invest it," Wyntor answered.
Nick furrowed his brows. "Like, in the company?"
Wyntor snorted. "No. I don't need your money right now, and I don't want to lose ownership of Dark Dream."
As the sole shareholder, Wyntor owned 100% of Dark Dream.
Even though Nick was the Chief Zephyx Extractor, he only held a very high management position. He was not an owner or director of the company.
Technically, if Wyntor wanted, he could throw Nick out without any issues, but that would be beyond stupid.
"You want to help the people of the Dregs, right?" Wyntor asked, putting the sheet of paper down.
Nick nodded.
"In that case, I would invest in your own power," Wyntor suggested.
"Into my power?" Nick repeated.
"Yep," Wyntor added. "Get some equipment. You are still fighting with your bare hands, and you're only using the official uniform of the city as your amor. Even more, if a Force Specter attacks you, you can't even do anything to it since you have no weapons to use against it."
"By getting a good weapon and amor, you can increase your own power by a lot," Wyntor said.
Nick's eyes widened in realization as he thought about all the things he could buy with the money he had already gathered.
But then, Nick became a bit confused. "And what does that have to do with me wanting to help the people of the Dregs?"
Wyntor chuckled a bit. "If you die, who will help the people of the Dregs? Even more, if you use 10% of your current income to help the people in the Dregs, that's about 300 credits per day, but if you use 10% of your income two years later when you're a level two Extractor, that might turn into 3,000 credits per day."
"The stronger you are, the more money you earn, and the more you help the people of the Dregs. The longer you live, the more paments the Dregs will receive."
"Because of that, I suggest investing about 80% of your income in your own power, keep 10% as a safety net, and use the remaining 10% to help the people," Wyntor explained.
Nick amost couldn't believe how easily Wyntor had fixed the very thing that Nick couldn't fix after thinking about it for a long time.
It was actually so easy and logical.
"Sounds great," Nick said with a bright smile. "So, where can I find equipment? What should I get first?"
"The most important thing for a Zephyx Extractor."
"A Barrier."
"A Barrier?" Nick asked in confusion.
"A Barrier is something you can put into your official uniform. If anything dangerous comes near you, the device will shield you from it."
"Since we are not Specters, we humans can't use our Zephyx without equipment, and a Barrier was one such piece of equipment."
 "The Barrier uses your internal Zephyx storage to block any and all attacks. The stronger the attack it blocks, the more Zephyx it uses."
"While you can deal with punches, claws, and kicks without issues, you would be helpless if someone throws a vat of burning oil at you. Additionally, Force Specters amost always have attacks that are amost impossible to block with anything physical, and even other kinds of Specters can have these attacks."
"A Barrier will allow you to deal with attacks that normal humans can't deal with."
Nick listened to Wyntor intently. "That sounds very useful! How strong is such a barrier?"
"Depends on its price and your level," Wyntor said as he leaned back in the chair.
The next moment, Wyntor opened a big pocket on his chest and pulled something out.
It was a silver plate with a beautiful blue gem in the middle that seemed to shine like the ocean.
"That's mine," Wyntor said. "It can block all manners of attacks, deploys intelligently and automatically, has amalleable surface, is invisible while active, and blocks attacks at a ratio of five to one Zephyx. That means it uses one unit of my Zephyx to block five units of an enemy's Zephyx."
Nick took a deep breath.
"That sounds very expensive," he commented.
Wyntor chuckled. "Yeah, I can't buy something like that on my own. It was a gift from my father before I left to build Dark Dream. It costs like 100 million credits, but my father probably got it for half the price."
Nick sucked in a violent breath through his teeth.
100 million credits!
That was nearly a thousand times more than what Nick had earned so far!
"Yours will not be as good, but it will still help you a lot," Wyntor said. "For starters, I would suggest getting one that has a two-to-one conversion rate that can block most kinds of attacks."
"You should have just enough money to get a decent one, but don't spend everything on it. You also need a couple of one-time-use items and actual weapons. Try to keep what you spend on the Barrier at about 80% of the 80% you use to buy equipment."
Nick nodded. "Will do. Where can I buy something like that?"
"Well, usually you would need to enter the Inner City to get this stuff, but level one Zephyx Extractors are not allowed in the Inner City without a permit. You have to be a level two Zephyx Extractor first."
"But, of course, since there is a big market for equipment for Newbies, there is money to be made."
"Once a week, there's an open market in the Outer City for Newbies."
"Lucky for you, it's tomorrow."



Chapter 81 Marketplace
"Everyone ready?" Wyntor asked.
Nick, Jenny, and Trevor nodded.
After talking with Nick some more, Wyntor had decided that the others also needed some equipment.
While they didn't have the money for the really good equipment, Wyntor was willing to give them an advance for their equipment. After all, it was important that his people stayed alive.
Because of that, no one was working with the Dreamer.
Right now, it was eight am., which meant it would be Nick's time to work with the Dreamer.
For the next couple of hours, Dark Dream would take a corporate trip to the Extractor market. After that, the normal shifts would start again.
At this moment, Wyntor stood in front of his employees, and Nick stood in front of Trevor and Jenny, facing Wyntor.
"Good! Then, let's go," Wyntor said with a friendly smile as he walked towards the exit of the warehouse.
The other three followed him with excited expressions.
Naturally, all three of them had already gathered quite a bit of wealth, and they were more than willing to buy something useful with that wealth.
As the four of them stepped onto the streets, they drew the gazes of all the present people.
Seeing three Zephyx Extractors walking around with their uniforms was quite eye-catching, but even more noticeable was Wyntor.
Wyntor wore a form-fitting suit with amixture of grey, red, and dark purple colors.
Not everyone knew what this suit signified, but the few that did were shocked and surprised.
Naturally, as the CEO in a public place, Wyntor had to look the part, which was why he had put on his official suit for negotiations between companies.
The very few people who knew what this suit meant felt themselves lucky to see Wyntor.
Usually, people of the Outer City didn't have the luck to see one of the Melfion family's progeny.
The suit Wyntor was wearing showed everyone that he was part of the Melfion family, and the color scheme indicated his status.
The grey color of the suit represented the Melfion family personally.
The red color represented Kugelblitz, the biggest Zephyx Manufacturer of Crimson Fungus City.
And the darker purple represented Dark Dream.
This suit showed everyone that Wyntor was a possible heir to the Melfion family and that he had already made his own business.
Compared to Wyntor, the three Zephyx Extractors walking behind him only seemed like his bodyguards or servants.
Jenny and Trevor knew that Wyntor was part of the Melfion family, and right now, they felt a bit proud that they were one of the few people working for someone with such a high status.
Nick didn't pay a lot of attention to the people looking at them. His mind was fully occupied with thinking about all the things he would soon buy!
After a couple of minutes of walking, the group arrived in front of a big warehouse, even bigger than the one Dark Dream owned.
This warehouse was probably over a hundred meters long and nearly as wide.
In front of the warehouse stood a group of guards who inspected everyone who passed by them.
"This is the place," Wyntor said to his employees.
The three people looked at the warehouse with interest.
It seemed quite big but unassuming.
Wyntor walked forward, and his three employees followed him.
When the guards saw Wyntor's suit, they performed a short but respectful bow.
Wyntor answered with a nod.
 One of them opened a small sliding door and gestured for the group to enter.
The other three gave a short "hi" before they also entered the warehouse.
The door closed behind them, and the group could finally see what the marketplace for Zephyx Extractors looked like.
It was busy!
"Wow," Nick uttered in surprise, "there are probably nearly a hundred people in here!"
"Yep," Wyntor said with a smile as he looked at the group. "Since Newbies are not allowed in the Inner City without explicit permission, they all have to buy their things here."
"But Wyntor, there are still so many people here," Nick said. "This is just one of the marketplaces, right? If there are already so many Extractors here, how many are there in the entire Outer City?"
Wyntor smirked. "In truth, this is the only marketplace for Extractors outside the Inner City."
The three looked with surprise at Wyntor.
The only one?
They had assumed that it was only one of several marketplaces since they hadn't even walked for two kilometers to get there.
Wyntor chuckled a bit. "It just so happens that the marketplace is very close to Dark Dream. It's just a coincidence."
"So, this is everyone?" Jenny asked from behind Nick.
Jenny and Trevor were not very comfortable in Wyntor's presence.
The first time they had met Wyntor, he had taught them about Dark Dream and gave them orders, and that single meeting already represented the majority of their time spent talking to Wyntor.
As the CEO, Wyntor had no official direct line of communication with the Zephyx Extractors.
He only talked to them as an HR representative, but even that way of communicating with them would vanish when they got an actual HR person.
If the two of them needed something from the company, they just had to talk to Nick, and Nick would talk to Wyntor if necessary.
"It's not everyone," Wyntor said. "It's about a third of all Newbies. Not all of the Newbies come here every week. Even more, Kugelblitz and Anatomy have permission to house their Newbies in the Inner City, and there are much better marketplaces there."
Naturally, all three of the Extractors knew Kugelblitz and Anatomy.
Kugelblitz was the biggest Zephyx Manufacturer of Crimson Fungus City, and their most famous Specter was the Crimson Fungus, which the city was named after.
The Crimson Fungus was the only level six Specter that had been captured and contained in Crimson Fungus City.
As the only Zephyx Manufacturer with a level six Specter, Kugelblitz naturally was the de-facto leader of Crimson Fungus City.
However, there was also another very powerful and big Zephyx Manufacturer.
Anatomy.



Chapter 82 The Manufacturers
Anatomy didn't have a level six Specter, but they had a couple of level five Specters.
Even more, Anatomy was led by one of the former level six Zephyx Extractors of Kugelblitz.
For some reason, one of the five level six Zephyx Extractors had left Kugelblitz to join a talented and rapidly developing Zephyx Manufacturer and had become the Chief Zephyx Extractor there.
With Anatomy having a level six Zephyx Extractor of their own, they could attempt to capture a level six Specter, a Demon.
This gave them a shot at reaching Kugelblitz's level, but only if they actually managed to get one.
People from Kugelblitz or Anatomy didn't walk outside the Inner City, and they wouldn't find any of them in this marketplace.
"Although, they account for only 10% of Newbies," Wyntor said.
"Only 10%?" Nick asked. "But aren't they the two biggest Manufacturers?"
"They are the two most powerful, not the two biggest," Wyntor explained. "While size is an indicator of power, you also have to look at the quality of the Specters and the Extractors."
"For example, Kugelblitz barely has 130 Extractors, but only 30 of those are in the first and second level. The other 100 are level three, four, and five Extractors."
"Kugelblitz has almost 80% of all level four and five Extractors but less than 5% of all level one and two Extractors," Wyntor explained.
"Sounds like there is no way to topple Kugelblitz," Trevor commented with a chuckle.
"It's difficult," Wyntor said, "but if Anatomy manages to get a Demon, things might change."
The next moment, Wyntor looked at Trevor with a smirk, and Trevor felt a bit nervous. "Who knows?" Wyntor said. "If Anatomy gets a level six Specter, we might have a war on our hands."
The three of them felt quite nervous.
A war between Manufacturers?
What would that even look like?
Would one of the Manufacturers free the Specters of another one to cause damage to them?
That would be horrifying!
"Anyway," Wyntor said, turning to the marketplace again. "We won't be meeting anyone from Kugelblitz or Anatomy here."
"You see the Extractors in the turquoise and red uniforms?" Wyntor asked.
"Speaking of," Nick said. "I was going to ask about that. Why do they not wear the official uniform for Zephyx Extractors?"
"It is the official one," Wyntor said. "It's the official one for their Manufacturer."
"Almost all Zephyx Manufacturers have uniforms of their own, which also count as the official ones for the city."
"If you want one, we need a level three Zephyx Extractor in Dark Dream. Then, I can commission one. Until then, you have to deal with the standard one."
Nick looked at his uniform.
Suddenly, the uniform didn't seem that impressive anymore.
"Anyway, the ones in the turquoise and red uniform are from Ghosty's Lab, which is the third biggest Zephyx Manufacturer in the city," Wyntor said. "They also have over 30% of all level one and level two Zephyx Extractors."
"In terms of quantity of Specters, they are number one in the city. They have a lot of Hatchlings, Adolescents, and Adults, but they also have a couple of Elders and even one Fanatic."
"Try not to antagonize the Extractors from Ghosty's Lab. If we have a conflict with them, we will go bankrupt before we know it," Wyntor said.
The three of them nodded as they looked at the Extractors with the turquoise and red uniforms.
There were about ten of them in here, which was lower than expected.
According to what Wyntor said, there should be over 30 of them here.
However, it also wasn't that surprising. Ghosty's Lab probably bought the majority of their gear in the Inner City and traded it between their people. They were big enough that they could do that easily.
"What about the others?" Nick asked.
 Wyntor pointed to someone wearing a silver and red outfit.
"The people in the silver and red uniform belong to Gemini. Gemini used to be a relative nobody, but they recently managed to capture their first Elder, which officially puts them just behind Ghosty's Lab."
"However, the difference in power between Ghosty's Lab and Gemini is still massive. Ghosty's Lab has over three times as many employees, which even extends to level three and level four Extractors."
"Gemini is nothing compared to Ghosty's Lab, but they are still a Manufacturer with a level four Specter. So, don't try to start trouble with them."
The three of them nodded and waited for Wyntor to continue.
Next, Wyntor pointed to one of the Zephyx Extractors wearing a yellow and red uniform.
"These people are from Solace. They used to be Gemini's rivals, but they can no longer compete with Gemini since they don't have a level four Specter."
"I would also ask you not to antagonize them. Solace provides over 90% of all the artificial light that works against the Nightmare. Their most famous Specter, the Bright Candle, is the thing that illuminates our cheap Containment Unit, and it also provides the Arclights that we use from time to time."
"They also sell the more modest versions of the Containment Units. The two we own have both been built by them."
"If we suddenly have trouble with them, it will cost us a lot."
Next, Wyntor pointed at a group of people wearing grey and red uniforms.
"They are from the Spartans. It's a relatively new start-up Manufacturer made by three unhappy level three Extractors that used to work for Gemini. While they have three level three Extractors, they haven't managed to catch an Adult yet, but they definitely have the resources to do so."
"Most likely, they won't stay in business for much longer. If they manage to survive for a year, I would be very surprised," Wyntor explained neutrally.
Nick looked with surprise at Wyntor. "Why do you think so?"
Wyntor just smiled.
"They don't have someone that protects them from the bigger Manufacturers."
"Naturally, every additional Manufacturer means more competition and less money for the bigger Manufacturers. Because of that, the bigger Manufacturers put a lot of pressure on the smaller ones in an effort to drain them of resources."
"But you don't need to worry about Dark Dream," Wyntor said.
"Kugelblitz, Anatomy, Ghosty's Lab, Gemini, and Solace won't touch us as long as we don't initiate the hostilities."
The three of them could take a good guess as to why.
Wyntor's suit showed exactly why.



Chapter 83 Start ups
After talking a bit more, the four of them walked further into the marketplace.
Wyntor knew the most about what Zephyx Extractors needed, and the three of them deferred to his judgment when it came to buying something.
As the three of them looked around, they noticed that most of the Extractors in the marketplace were from Gemini, Solace, and the Spartans.
Those three made up over 80% of all the Extractors that were present.
There were also a couple of Extractors from Ghosty's Lab, but most of them were, in fact, manning stalls instead of walking around and buying stuff.
Naturally, most of the sellers were also from the Manufacturers.
Creating equipment useful against Specters needed different kinds of specific Zephyx, and to get Zephyx, one needed a Specter. Because of that, most of the equipment was created by the different Manufacturers, and the equipment they didn't need, they sold in places like this.
With so many people in their company, Ghosty's Lab had an abundance of wares useful for Newbies and Johns.
However, there were also a couple of people with the standard uniform.
"What about the ones with the standard uniforms?" Jenny asked.
"Start-ups," Wyntor said emotionlessly. "They are like Dark Dream, except for one important difference."
"They don't have a Specter."
The three of them knew what Wyntor meant with that.
He meant that these companies were essentially worthless.
These Zephyx Extractors might have advanced in their levels and had even attained abilities, but they were Zephyx Extractors in name only.
After all, they weren't extracting Zephyx.
Without a Specter, a Zephyx Manufacturer practically didn't even exist.
There was no income.
There was no power gain.
There was nothing but a small group of people with a dream.
"Do none of them have a Specter?" Nick asked.
"Almost all," Wyntor answered. "If they actually manage to get one, the carrot and the stick will arrive."
"What's a carrot?" Nick asked.
Wyntor was taken out of his flow when he heard that question and slowly turned to Nick. "It's a vegetable. Something you want to eat."
"I know what a vegetable is," Nick said with a bit of annoyance.
Wyntor took a deep breath through his nose. "Anyway, it's a form of speech. It means giving someone a very enticing reward or offer while also threatening them with something horrifying if they don't follow and accept."
"If one of these companies manages to get a Specter, the first bigger Manufacturer that finds out will offer to purchase the Specter at a high premium while also offering all of the Zephyx Extractors jobs."
"The businessmen get the mountain of cash they were after, and the Extractors get the future they so desperately wanted."
"But if they don't accept, the Manufacturer will tell all the other Manufacturers that they are not willing to sell, at which point they will get suppressed into nothingness."
"Artificial light suddenly costs five times more. Containment Units cost an arm and a leg. Bigger businesses are not willing to do business with them. The guards start to watch all of their steps very, very closely. The banks have issues making payments. Their Zephyx only sells for very little money."
"Working with the Specter will essentially become more expensive than not working with it, making the Specter a liability and essentially worthless to them. They will slowly be bleeding money until they either sell their Specter or go bankrupt."
When the three of them heard that, they took some deep breaths.
That made it impossible to make any money!
"Even if the leadership persists, the employees, including the Extractors, most likely won't. Even more, those Extractors will quickly receive several offers from the big Manufacturers."
"In the end, the leaders are left with a Specter and no people to work with it."
 The three just thought about Wyntor's words for a bit.
Sure enough, creating a new Manufacturer was extremely difficult.
Luckily, they had Wyntor, who had the backing of the Melfion family, and the Melfion family owned a big part of Kugelblitz.
Nobody would want to offend someone like that without an incentive.
"Wyntor, you said most earlier," Nick said.
"Most what?" Wyntor asked.
"That most of the people with the normal uniform don't have a Specter. What about the others?"
"Well," Wyntor slowly said as his eyes landed on a small group of four people who were currently looking at a couple of items. "There is one other new Zephyx Manufacturer, but they are not that important."
The three of them noticed that Wyntor was purposefully being vague, but they could tell that they shouldn't ask him.
"In short," Wyntor added, "don't be rude to the people here, and they will also not be rude to you, most likely. There are always exceptions, but we will deal with those on a case-by-case basis."
"Of course!" Nick said with a nod.
The other two also nodded in affirmation.
Wyntor let out a little smile and turned forward. "Let's get to the Barriers first. Extractors without Barriers are essentially naked."
The three of them nodded and followed after Wyntor.
The four of them passed by a couple of stalls, which offered various items.
Nick saw many different magical items, and he also saw a couple of weapons.
There were only about 15 stalls in the entire marketplace, and over half of them were staffed by Extractors from Ghosty's Lab.
Most of the people who looked at the three Zephyx Extractors seemed apathetic and uncaring, but when they saw Wyntor in front of them, their attitude changed.
Instead of seeming cold, they seemed more neutral.
In practicality, there was no difference between the two attitudes. In both cases, the other person wouldn't interact with the group.
The only difference was the opinion the other person had of the group.
After a bit of walking, the four of them stopped in front of a rather big stall near the end of the marketplace.
Just like most of them, this one was manned by a girl wearing a turquoise and red uniform, showing that she was a Zephyx Extractor from Ghosty's Lab.
Surprisingly, there was an emblem with three small ghosts embroidered on her uniform.
This meant that she was a Veteran, a level three Extractor!



Chapter 84 Low Margins
There were four other people standing in front of the stall, and they were looking at the different round objects for sale.
Naturally, these round objects were Barriers.
Yet, the atmosphere in this stall was also a bit tense.
After all, who wouldn't be respectful in front of a Veteran?
One had to remember that Veterans already belonged to the top 20% of Extractors.
There were not even 200 Veterans in the entirety of Crimson Fungus City.
Every single Veteran was at least a hundred times as powerful as a normal person.
This meant that even the weakest Veteran could lift something weighing over eight tons above their head!
This young woman could grab any random person in here and literally tear them in two like they were a piece of paper!
She was also the only Veteran in the marketplace.
The other stalls from Ghosty's Lab were all manned by Johns, and most of the other stalls were manned by Newbies.
As for the customers, there were maybe one or two Johns present, and they were only here to help their younger colleagues find something good for their money.
This meant that this person was, by far, the most powerful one in the entire marketplace.
But that was to be expected.
After all, Barriers were the priciest items here since they represented a Zephyx Extractor's life.
The Veteran was probably carrying over ten million credits worth of wares with her.
The three Extractors from Dark Dream felt some pressure emanating from the young woman.
The Veteran wasn't aggressive or anything. It was simply the feeling someone weaker felt when they were in front of someone much stronger.
Wyntor just put on a friendly smile and walked up to the Veteran.
"Good morning, we're from Dark Dream, and we're interested in purchasing Barriers for our three Zephyx Extractors," Wyntor said.
"Dark Dream?" the Veteran repeated in confusion as she turned to Wyntor.
She had never heard of Dark Dream before.
But when she saw Wyntor's suit, her eyes lit up, and she understood.
'There might be some money here,' she thought.
"Of course," she answered with a polite smile. "If I may be so rude, what is your budget?"
Wyntor just chuckled. "No worries, we already know what we are looking for, and it should just be within our budget."
Nick and Trevor didn't notice it, but the Veteran's eyes very slightly hardened for just a split-second.
However, Jenny and Wyntor noticed.
"Great!" the Veteran said with a friendly tone. "What do you have in mind?"
"First, we want a Barrier with a two-to-one conversion rate that can block all physical attacks and almost all force attacks," Wyntor said.
The Veteran nodded. "What about mental attacks?"
"Not necessary," Wyntor answered.
"What about the form and color?" she asked.
"Color is not important, and I'm fine with a sphere or spheroid for form."
"What about the activation mechanism?" she asked.
 "Manual," Wyntor answered.
The Veteran sighed unnoticeably.
The guy in front of her had perfectly dodged all the pitfalls and all the items that put a premium on the Barrier.
He was searching for something ugly and cumbersome but cheap and effective.
"Based on the specifications, I think 250,000 credits should be just right," Wyntor said before the Veteran could say anything.
The Veteran looked deeply into Wyntor's eyes.
About two seconds passed.
"Sure, we have just the perfect model for your specifications and budget," she said with a forced, polite smile.
Wyntor smiled back.
The next moment, the Veteran crouched to look under the stall, and a couple of seconds later, she put a grey and round plate on the counter.
In the center was a tiny gem with grey and bronze colors swirling inside of it.
The plate itself seemed basic and unnoticeable.
Compared to all the Barriers on display, it looked like junk.
Yet, when Nick saw it, he immediately fell in love.
It looked sturdy and reliable!
The next moment, Nick took out his bank card and took a deep breath.
250,000 credits.
That was around 70% of what he had saved up!
The next moment, Nick took another deep breath and put his card on the table.
When the Veteran saw Nick pulling out a bank card, she threw a smile at Wyntor. "It's rare to see an Extractor pay with their own credits for equipment."
Jenny and Trevor threw a look at Wyntor when they heard that.
Naturally, this was the Veteran's revenge for buying the stuff with low margins.
Yet, Wyntor just chuckled. "They get 10% of the Zephyx they extract as payment at a wholesale rate. They can afford to pay for their own equipment," he said.
When the Veteran heard that, her eyes widened in disbelief.
She didn't say anything.
10% of the Zephyx they extracted at a wholesale rate?!
Then, wouldn't she be earning over a million credits a month instead of the measly 200,000 credits she was earning right now?!
Instead of getting some satisfaction out of making Wyntor uncomfortable, the Veteran got annoyed.
"Understandable," she answered in a polite voice without putting much energy into it while grabbing Nick's card.
When Trevor and Jenny saw the Veteran's reaction, they realized that they were being paid very well.
If even a Veteran looked that surprised, they probably earned a lot of money!
This only increased their loyalty towards Wyntor and their thankfulness.
"Here you go," the Veteran said as she handed the card and the Barrier to Nick.
Nick just looked at the Barrier in wonder while Wyntor started to request another Barrier.
This one only had a one-to-one ratio, but it could also block most attacks.
In the end, the price was only 50,000 credits for that one, and it went to Jenny.
The next one was identical to the second one and went to Trevor.
Since Trevor was still pretty new, Wyntor paid for it.
Wyntor would simply dock Trevor's payments until he had cleared his debt.
"Thank you," Wyntor said politely.
"Sure," the Veteran answered, not even putting up an act of being friendly.
Naturally, the Veteran was not very happy.
She hadn't even made 20,000 credits in commission from these trades.
The three Barriers they bought had extremely low-profit margins.
In the end, she could only sigh and continue waiting for other customers.



Chapter 85 Barriers
After leaving the stall behind, Wyntor pulled his three employees to the side and explained to them how they could activate and configure their Barriers.
Using these Barriers was very easy since there were only a couple of options to choose from.
"The Barriers you bought do not have AI chips, which means that there isn't much you can do with them," Wyntor said.
"AI-chips?" Nick asked in confusion.
Jenny and Trevor also didn't know what that meant.
"I'll tell you in detail when it becomes relevant," Wyntor said. "Advanced Barriers need AI chips, and they are the most expensive part of a Barrier. They regulate the size, strength, and attribute of a Barrier while also activating and deactivating it. You can view AI chips as an autonomous mind that controls your Barrier."
"Your Barriers don't have AI chips, which is why we managed to get good ones for a relatively low price. The drawback is that you have to activate them yourself," Wyntor said.
After a bit of fidgeting around, the three of them managed to activate their Barriers.
"I can't see it," Nick said after he put his activated Barrier into the pocket of his uniform.
"Watch," Wyntor said.
Then, Wyntor walked back a little…
And charged right at Nick.
Wyntor jumped and kicked forward.
Nick's eyes widened in wonder.
'Will the Barrier activate?'
BANG!
Sure enough, a bronze sphere appeared around Nick's body for just a second before vanishing again.
Wyntor was halted and fell onto his feet.
The next moment, Wyntor moved his arm through the space where the Barrier had just been.
But this time, it didn't activate.
"See that?" Wyntor asked. "The Barriers you bought are effective, but they have very simple activation triggers."
"If an object with high heat, extreme cold, high speed, or with a lot of force is about to pass through the Barrier, it activates."
"There are also a couple of other triggers, but those are the main ones."
"Sadly…"
The next moment, Wyntor slowly took out a silver knife.
Then, he slowly moved the knife past Nick's Barrier before rapidly striking forward.
Obviously, Wyntor stopped before he hit Nick.
Meanwhile, Nick, Trevor, and Jenny were surprised about what they had just seen.
Nick's Barrier hadn't activated, even though Wyntor had essentially stabbed towards Nick with a sharp knife!
"You see?" Wyntor asked as he pulled back. "If I slowly move past the Barrier's activation point, I can launch an attack from within its domain."
"If a sizable solid object occupies the space of the Barrier, it can't activate. The Barriers you guys bought don't have the ability to cut through strong objects."
"Of course, if you want to use a long weapon, like a spear, you also have to be careful that your spear doesn't stretch past your barrier."
The more the three of them heard about their Barriers, the more appalled they became.
They had paid so much money for that?!
"There are so many weaknesses!" Nick spoke loudly, almost shouting.
 "It can't be helped," Wyntor said as he put his knife away. "That's the tradeoff, and I'm not even done telling you about them."
Nick took a deep breath.
"The standby mode of the Barrier drains a considerable amount of Zephyx," Wyntor said. "You should be feeling the drain by now."
Nick furrowed his brows and moved his arms a bit.
He felt a bit sluggish.
"I do feel a bit exhausted and sluggish," Nick said.
Wyntor nodded. "When the Barrier is on standby, it continually drains your Zephyx. Without any external help, a Zephyx Extractor needs about an hour to refill their Zephyx storage."
"As someone who has already advanced a couple of levels, the primary energy source is slowly transforming to become Zephyx. Food and water will become less relevant the more you advance, and most of your power will start coming from the Zephyx your body produces from the Prephyx in the atmosphere."
"Sadly, compared to Specters, humans can't split the Zephyx they produce from their bodies, making it impossible to harvest it. Trust me, humanity really, really tried."
"Anyway, the Zephyx your body uses to move and fight will be drained by the Barrier until you deactivate it, or you are critically low."
"Because of that, your Barrier has to stay deactivated for most of the time, and you have to activate it manually when you are about to enter battle," Wyntor explained.
The three of them were not big fans.
The Barriers sounded horrible.
"But don't underestimate the Barriers," Wyntor said. "That one Barrier you bought, Nick, should allow you to confidently win against the Dreamer."
Nick raised an eyebrow in surprise.
Really?
Wyntor nodded like he had just read Nick's thoughts. "If the Dreamer decides to attack you, your Barrier will activate, and the Dreamer will be stopped just a bit in front of you. At that point, it will simply be stationary in the air. At that point, you can just use a pipe or whatever to hit it and break some of its bones. Of course, if you had a weapon, it would be even better."
"Being able to resist a powerful attack is extremely useful and will many times turn the tide."
Nick thought about Wyntor's words, and he had to agree.
It would be like the Dreamer flew against a hard wall.
The next moment, the wall would disappear, and Nick could just kick the Dreamer's torso, caving in its chest.
Even though Nick's body was a bit weaker than the Dreamer's, a fully powered kick to the chest was still devastating to the Dreamer.
Additionally, the Barrier could probably block more than one attack.
Another alternative to the battle would be Nick just jumping on top of the Dreamer and encompassing it with his arms in an effort to suppress it.
Even more, Nick could also just run out of the Dreamer's Containment Unit without dying with the Barrier.
Nick's gaze moved to the pocket of his uniform that held the Barrier.
'That is actually way more useful than I thought.'
"Let's take a look at some weapons now," Wyntor said.



Chapter 86 Weapons
The three of them grew excited when they heard Wyntor talking about weapons.
"What do you have left in savings?" Wyntor asked as he led them to the next stall.
"In total, about 80,000 credits," Nick said, "but I don't want to spend more than 50,000."
"60,000 credits," Jenny said.
"If I don't count the Barrier, about 30,000 credits," Trevor said with a bitter smile.
One had to remember that Wyntor had completely paid for Trevor's Barrier.
Wyntor nodded. "Let's try not to go above 50,000 credits per person then. Do you have any preferences for weapons?"
Nick had an uncertain expression. "I want to see what they have to offer first."
"I heard there is something called a gun," Jenny said.
Wyntor nodded. "Yes, they also sell guns."
"What are they, and how do they work?" Jenny asked.
"A gun is a small object that uses an explosion of power to accelerate a small object to such high speeds that the object gains enough force to severely injure someone," Wyntor explained.
"The guns we are going to look at are made of durable metals, and they use Zephyx as a power source. Very expensive guns for powerful Zephyx Extractors are fully made of materials created with Zephyx that shoot other kinds of Zephyx, but these are far beyond your current ability."
"Why do you want to know?" Wyntor asked after explaining everything.
"I heard that I can use guns from far away," Jenny said. "I don't like to admit it, but as a woman, I tend to be physically weaker than most men. Because of that, I want to use something that doesn't rely on my physical strength."
Wyntor nodded. "A rational choice. What about you, Trevor?"
"What do you suggest?" Trevor asked.
"You're pretty big," Wyntor said. "I'm not a fighter, but my instructor told me that when you have an advantage, you should do your best to make the advantage even bigger instead of trying to get everything else to the same level as your advantage."
"If someone is already faster than most people, it takes a significant amount of work to get their power and defense to the same level, and then, it might not be enough to defend from someone with a similar level of power."
"However, if that same person put the work into improving their speed even more, nearly nobody would be able to touch them, making the enemy's speed and power almost meaningless."
"Since you are already pretty big, I would suggest going for a weapon with a long reach. Something like a spear," Wyntor explained.
Trevor fell into thought and nodded a couple of times. "That sounds reasonable. I think I'll follow that advice."
The four of them quickly reached the stall, and Wyntor introduced them to a couple of weapons on display.
Nick could see all manner of weapons.
Swords, daggers, knives, sabers, spears, lances, axes, clubs, guns, bows, explosives, nets, tridents, traps, ropes, chains, whips, rods, everything!
Wyntor helped Trevor first, and the two of them looked at the spears, tridents, lances, and rods.
Since Zephyx Extractors were much more powerful than normal humans, ranged weapons weren't as overpowered anymore.
A normal gun that guards used would only get through Nick's skin, but his muscles would be able to block the bullet.
Nick would still bleed, but it wouldn't be a dangerous wound.
Even more, an Initial John would only receive a red ring of blood on the spot where the bullet hit them, and Mid Johns would only get a small bruise.
Peak Johns basically didn't care about normal guns anymore.
Because of that, melee weapons became quite relevant again.
Especially when the enemy was fast enough to get to someone before they could properly aim their gun at them.
After a bit of trying around, Trevor went for quite a peculiar weapon.
It was a mixture of a dagger and a spear.
 In its base form, it looked like a dagger with a very wide hilt. However, the hilt was made of concentric cones of metal, and when they were extended, they would form the long hilt of a spear.
This allowed Trevor to use it as a dagger but also as a spear.
Sadly, it wasn't as useful as either of them in their respective modes.
The hilt was too heavy and thick for a dagger, and when expanded, the hilt was too thin and hollow to block a significantly powerful attack.
But Trevor still wanted it, and his reason was pretty solid.
Since Trevor was the chosen person for taking up the subtle missions, he needed a weapon that he could hide but also made use of his size.
In the end, Wyntor paid 60,000 credits for the spear, putting Trevor into a debt of 110,000 credits.
However, Wyntor believed in Trevor's ability to repay him, and he was willing to invest in him.
Naturally, Trevor was extremely thankful and promised Wyntor that he would repay him as soon as possible.
Next, Wyntor looked at the guns with Jenny.
There were many different kinds of guns.
Handguns, shotguns, rifles, sniper rifles, assault rifles…
After a lot of talking, Jenny decided to go for a sniper rifle.
Her reasoning was simple.
She wasn't good at fighting, and if she actually got into a fight, she would very likely lose and die.
Because of that, she didn't intend to get into a battle.
Instead, she would stay outside any conflict and support with brutal attacks from a great range.
Jenny never intended to fight someone on her own.
She would rely on Trevor and Nick to protect her while taking care of the most powerful enemies from afar.
In the end, Jenny spent 50,000 credits, and Wyntor also spent 50,000 credits.
But in exchange, Jenny got an amazing sniper rifle.
It was around 150 centimeters long, and it was pure black.
"You are expected to provide for your own teachers," Wyntor told Trevor and Jenny.
Both of them nodded without any complaint.
They had bought their weapons, but they also needed to learn how to use them.
Then, Wyntor looked at Nick, who was looking at the weapons.
"Made your choice yet?" Wyntor asked.
Nick looked uncomfortable.
"Yes, but…"
"You will think I'm dumb."



Chapter 87 Fist Weapon
"What did you choose?" Wyntor asked.
"Well," Nick said as he scratched the back of his head with an embarrassed smile. "I've always only fought with my fists and legs, you know? I feel like I'm already very used to them, and I don't really want to use anything else."
Wyntor raised an eyebrow.
"So, I'm interested in fist and leg weapons," Nick said.
"Hmm," Wyntor uttered as he thought about what Nick had just said. "I'm not sure if that's such a good idea."
"Why?" Nick asked.
"Your ability," Wyntor said, glancing around to make sure that nobody could hear them.
A moment later, Wyntor pulled Nick to the side so that nobody could listen in.
"You can only properly use your ability when nobody sees you," Wyntor whispered. "Fist weapons are great for extreme close range and grappling, but that makes your ability useless since the opponent can easily tell where you are when you are literally touching their body all over."
"I was thinking more along the lines of a spear or a rapier. Something that allows you to silently stab an enemy with a lot of power."
Nick looked a bit worried. "What about a fist weapon with a blade coming from it? Maybe one that can also retract?"
Wyntor frowned. "Why are you that set on a fist weapon?"
"I'm used to it," Nick said. "Also, I need to silently reach my opponent, right? I want something small that doesn't slow me down."
Wyntor still wasn't the biggest fan of Nick's suggestion. "I feel like you are wasting your biggest advantage. You have to remember that all Zephyx Extractors design their fighting style around their ability, and if you don't do that, you will be at a disadvantage against everyone. Additionally, Specters also focus on their abilities."
Nick just looked at Wyntor with a worried expression, and Wyntor realized that this wasn't an expression of someone who was thinking about changing their choice but someone who was afraid of angering someone because of something they were about to say.
When Wyntor saw that, he only sighed.
"Fine," he said. "It's your decision anyway."
Nick released a sigh of relief.
"However," Wyntor added. "I still want you to get something else in case you change your mind in the future."
Nick only smiled happily. "Sure!"
Wyntor only massaged the bridge of his nose as the two of them walked back to the stall.
"Which one do you want?" Wyntor asked.
Nick went forward and grabbed a set of cuffs.
There were two long metallic bracers, which were supposed to go on the shin, and two bracers for Nick's wrists.
However, the bracers for Nick's wrists had an addition.
About 30 centimeters long and very wide blades came out of them.
In a way, the blades almost looked like equilateral triangles.
They were designed this way to make the blades stable and also able to block attacks. After all, it was normal to block or parry an attack with the back of one's hand.
In order to fit the arm better, the blades were also curved, encompassing the back of the hands.
When Wyntor saw the four cuffs, he raised an eyebrow. 'That's actually not that stupid.'
But when Wyntor saw the price, he frowned.
"Nick, you need better ones," Wyntor said.
Nick's eyes widened in surprise. "But these are already so expensive!"
"Nick, poor people can't afford to buy cheap."
Nick's brain froze as it tried to understand what Wyntor meant.
 When Wyntor saw Nick's confusion, he sighed again.
"Think about how hard these blades are, and now, think about how strong you are with your ability."
"These blades are designed for Peak Newbies, and with your ability… you know…" Wyntor said, not revealing any sensitive information.
Nick looked at the blades, and he slowly realized what Wyntor meant.
"Oh, now I get it!" he shouted. "Since poor people don't have a lot of money, they have to buy cheap stuff, but the cheap stuff breaks very quickly, which forces them to buy more cheap stuff. If they had the money, they could buy something more expensive that doesn't break, which might even cost fewer credits in the long run!"
"Yes, Nick," Wyntor said. "That's what the phrase means."
"But I don't have the money for something better," Nick said. "Also, I don't think they sell better stuff here."
"It's fine," Wyntor said. "Since you now know what you want, I will get you what you need my own way. Give me one to three days, and you will get your weapons."
"They will be of much higher quality and will hold longer, but they will also be more expensive."
"For now, I'm going to pay for them since I trust that you will quickly pay me back," Wyntor said.
Nick didn't feel great accepting such a gift, but he also knew that this was probably the best way to go about it.
If Nick got into a fight with these blades and punched someone with them while his ability was active, they might break into pieces.
Nick would soon become a Peak Newbie, and when he reached that level, he would be about 25 times more powerful than a normal adult male with his ability active.
It would be like a rhinoceros wearing the blade on its horn and charging at a wall.
Due to his ability, Nick had to use equipment created for Mid Johns and stronger.
"Okay, thanks, Wyntor," Nick said.
Wyntor just nodded.
Then, Wyntor turned to Jenny and Trevor. "Do you still need something?"
"I don't think we have any money left," Trevor said with an embarrassed smile.
Wyntor nodded. "It was more of a rhetorical question."
Jenny and Trevor just chuckled politely.
"Then, let's go back," Wyntor said.
Wyntor turned around to-
"Hey, Winny."
Wyntor came face to face with an equally tall man with light-brown hair.
Surprisingly, the man's face looked very similar to Wyntor's, and his hair had the same color.
However, there were two distinct differences.
First, he was maybe two to five years older than Wyntor.
And second, he wore the official uniform for Zephyx Extractors, and it had two stars on it.
That meant he was a level two Extractor.



Chapter 88 Ardum
When Wyntor saw the man in front of him, his expression became very neutral and apathetic.
"What do you want, Ardum?" Wyntor asked evenly.
Ardum just smiled brightly. "Why, I want to talk to my little bro," Ardum said with an excited voice as he stretched his arm towards Wyntor's shoulder.
Wyntor took a step back, and Ardum's arm halted. "Don't want to give your big bro a hug?"
"No," Wyntor spoke apathetically.
Nick furrowed his brows while Trevor and Jenny seemed a bit uncomfortable.
One didn't need to know Wyntor very closely to see that he didn't want to talk to his big brother.
"There are other people around, Winny," Ardum said with a nice but strained voice. "We shouldn't make a scene."
"Like you are doing right now?"
Ardum frowned as he looked at the person who had just spoken up.
It was Nick.
"This is a family matter," Ardum said.
"We are on a company trip, which makes this a business matter," Nick said as he stepped forward to stand beside Wyntor. "If you need to talk to your brother, please do-"
"Who do you think you are?!" Ardum shouted, his polite demeanor completely gone. "As I've said, this is a matter between two members of the Melfion family! Keep yourself out of this, peasant!"
The power of Ardum's voice was very dominant, but Nick only narrowed his eyes.
"Nick, calm yourself," Wyntor said with a bit of annoyance.
An arrogant sneer appeared on Ardum's face.
"Don't talk with the garbageman," Wyntor added.
Nick blinked a couple of seconds in surprise.
Garbageman? That was a strange insult.
It was an insult, right?
It sounded more like a job.
A moment later, Nick felt the air around him vibrate and found that the cause was Ardum.
If looks could kill, Wyntor would have been torn into pieces already.
"What are you referring to?" Ardum asked threateningly.
"Don't ask questions you don't want the answer to," Wyntor answered coldly. "I'm referring to your great bargain, obviously."
Ardum snorted. "Jealousy is unfit of a potential heir to the Melfion family, Winny."
"Jealous? Of your literal pile of shit?" Wyntor asked with a snort. "You are probably barely breaking even with it. Any of my Hatchlings produce more Zephyx than your worthless Adolescent."
"You've always been a dreamer, Wyntor," Ardum said. "It seems like that hasn't changed."
Wyntor's eyes narrowed slightly as a gleam appeared in them.
At the same time, Nick, Jenny, and Trevor grew shocked.
The way Ardum had just spoken the word dreamer was very peculiar.
He had phrased it like he was referring to something very different.
'He knows,' Nick thought with furrowed brows.
While all the Zephyx Extractors of Dark Dream knew about the Dreamer, nobody outside of Dark Dream should know about it.
 Wyntor had not made the details about the Dreamer public.
Nick immediately glanced at Jenny and Trevor.
When Jenny saw Nick's narrowed eyes, she rapidly shook her head.
Trevor just shook his head with a bitter smile.
"So, you've got some ears," Wyntor commented. "Maybe you should stop talking so much, or they might become deaf."
"What's the point?" Ardum said with a quick snort and chuckle. "I already know everything I need to know."
"I also know about your second Specter," Ardum said. "To think that you would have the luck to get your hands on a Possession Specter."
Immediately, the atmosphere became even tenser.
Nick's eyes widened, and he immediately became worried and suspicious.
And then, Nick noticed something.
Ardum's hand had slightly twitched just now.
Nick had only noticed the hand because he stood beside Wyntor.
'That's a signal!' Nick realized.
Nick knew that the signal wasn't for Wyntor or for him.
There were no Extractors around Ardum, and Jenny couldn't have seen it since Wyntor's body was between her eyes and Ardum's hand.
However…
Nick turned to look at Trevor…
Who quickly looked away from Ardum's hand!
The next moment, Trevor looked into Nick's eyes and noticed that Nick had noticed.
Trevor's face turned white.
"Oops," Ardum said with a smirk.
Then, he turned to look at Trevor openly.
"Shouldn't have asked for so much money," he said with an evil smirk.
Jenny gasped and stepped away from Trevor.
Nick narrowed his eyes.
Trevor had been a bit suspicious since the start.
Trevor's interview had been too smooth, and Trevor had seemed way too perfect for the role.
It was almost like Trevor was a born Zephyx Extractor.
He had a powerful will, was extremely good with people, was tall and powerful, and, most of all, he was intelligent and cunning.
Trevor was just too good at everything.
It was almost impossible not to hire him.
Trevor looked with a shocked face at Ardum.
It was almost like he couldn't believe what he had just heard.
It was like he had been thrown into a nightmare.
"I told you," Wyntor said evenly to Ardum. "You should stop talking before your ears become deaf."
"Expect Pator's head in the mail tomorrow."
Everyone immediately turned to look at Wyntor.
Pator?
Why Pator?
Pator wasn't even here!
Ardum's eyes also opened widely. "What?" he asked.
"You think your schemes work against me? Please!" Wyntor said with a disgusted sneer. "You always thought yourself to be so intelligent and above everyone else, and to be fair, you are very intelligent."
"But you are also way too arrogant and confident. Just like an adrenaline junky, you want to give your enemy hints but don't want them to realize that the hints are actually hints."
Ardum suddenly started laughing.
"Oh, Winny, you're always acting like you have the world in your pocket."
Then, Ardum turned around, and his expression darkened.
"I just hope, as your brother, that it doesn't one day swallow you."
At that moment, the atmosphere changed again, but this time, it wasn't due to the four people of Dark Dream.
Instead, some of the onlookers had narrowed their eyes at Ardum with displeasure.
Apparently, what he had just said was not something they liked to hear.
However, Wyntor didn't answer and waited for Ardum to walk away.
"Are you willing to do it?" Wyntor asked.
"Huh?" Nick asked back.
"Kill Pator," Wyntor added coldly.
Silence.



Chapter 89 Pator
"Kill Pator?" Nick repeated in shock. "Why?"
"Because he's Ardum's spy," Wyntor said coldly without turning to look at Nick.
"How do you know?" Nick asked.
Wyntor looked around and saw several people looking at them.
"Let's talk outside," he said, leading his group out of the huge warehouse.
The three of them followed Wyntor in shock.
After leaving the warehouse, they walked back to Dark Dream in silence.
Nobody dared to speak up.
Pator?
A spy?
The little boy?
Pator was maybe 14 years old.
Pator had been nice to everyone, and he had always happily supported them.
How could he be a spy?
Which 14-year-old actually had the guts to work as a double agent in something as sensitive as Zephyx manufacturing?
The walk back to Dark Dream felt like it went on for an eternity.
Eventually, the four of them walked through Dark Dream's doors.
"Welcome back! How was shopping?" an excited Pator asked.
"Pretty good," Wyntor answered neutrally. "We got some good deals."
"Pator, could you deal with Horua for a bit longer? I need Nick and the others for a bit," Wyntor added.
"No problem!" Pator answered before standing up and walking out of the warehouse.
However, before Pator reached the door, he stopped to look at Jenny.
"Is something wrong, Jenny?" he asked.
"What?" Jenny answered, shocked, like she had just been woken up from a daydream. "No, nothing's wrong!"
Pator looked a bit worried. "Don't let things get to your head, okay?" he said.
"S-sure," Jenny answered.
Pator smiled brightly, nodded, and walked out of the warehouse.
When the door closed, Jenny released a shaky breath, and a terrified look appeared in her eyes.
Thinking about the young and cheerful boy dying was too difficult to bear.
"Follow me," Wyntor said evenly as he walked to the Containment Unit holding the Screaming Coffin.
The three of them nervously followed Wyntor.
Wyntor typed on the console of the Containment Unit a bit before opening the employee door.
"Come in," Wyntor said as he entered the Containment Unit.
Jenny and Trevor took deep breaths.
They had no idea what was in there, but they knew it had to be a Specter.
 Coming face to face with a new Specter was always terrifying.
"Don't worry," Nick said. "It's basically harmless. The Dreamer is way worse."
Trevor and Jenny just looked at each other before entering.
After the four of them entered, the employee door closed, and they all saw the Screaming Coffin.
Trevor and Jenny just looked at it in shock.
It was just a coffin?
Was that it?
Right now, the Screaming Coffin was just lying on the ground, doing nothing.
"Jenny, what do you know about it?" Wyntor asked without looking at her.
Jenny looked with uncertainty at Wyntor. "You said it eats corpses."
Wyntor nodded. "Trevor, what do you know about it?"
"That it screams a lot," he said, realization appearing in his eyes.
Nick and Jenny hadn't realized it yet.
Wyntor turned to look at his three employees.
"I told all of you different details about the Screaming Coffin," he said.
"Nick knows everything since he caught it and works with it."
"Trevor knows that it screams a lot."
"Jenny knows that it eats corpses."
"And Pator knows that it's a Possession Specter."
"None of you are privy to the details I told the other ones, and you also have barely any time to meet during the day to exchange information. Additionally, I told all of you to not share your information with anyone but Nick."
"Ardum said that he knows that I have a Possession Specter, and only Pator knew that."
"Therefore, Pator is the spy."
Silence.
The three of them had troubled expressions on their faces.
However, it was just too difficult to believe that such a young kid was capable of such a massive feat of deception.
Whether they wanted to or not, Jenny's and Trevor's eyes landed on Nick.
Nick also knew everything about the Screaming Coffin.
He could have also leaked it.
Nick took a deep breath.
Naturally, he had noticed the others' expressions, and he knew what they were thinking.
"It's not Nick," Wyntor said.
Trevor and Jenny felt called out and ashamed.
After all, Nick was their boss.
Yet…
"Nick is too dumb and honest to be a spy," Wyntor said.
Nick awkwardly scratched the back of his head.
He wasn't that dumb.
"Nick is either the best manipulator in the entire world or no manipulator at all," Wyntor said. "Trust me, I put Nick through so many tests that it is basically impossible for him to be a spy."
Nick's eyes widened. "Tests? There were no tests!"
"Questions about things we both already know the answer to. If you keep lying and someone inquires further, you have to keep lying, and you have to keep this web of complicated lies coherent and logical. By continually asking you about details, you would eventually slip up if you were lying."
"Asking you to explain things while in a very emotional situation. Lying takes a lot of brainpower, and faking emotions also does. Doing both at once is extremely difficult."
"I also kept questioning your morals and why you believe in what you believe in."
"I've been testing you for months, Nick," Wyntor said. "And I am quite certain that I can trust you with my life."
Nick felt too shocked to respond immediately.
"That sounds unrealistic," Nick said.
Wyntor just snorted. "These things have been drilled into my head ever since I was just five. By now, it's unrealistic not to do it to everyone I meet."
"But you didn't realize that Pator was a spy?" Nick asked.
A moment later, Nick felt bad.
That was not an appropriate comment.
However, Wyntor just sighed.
"The signs were there," Wyntor said before looking at the Screaming Coffin absentmindedly.
"I guess I just ignored them since he's been my servant for the last two years."
"He was the only one I could openly talk to in that oppressive mansion."
Silence.



Chapter 90 Whats One More
"Who's going to do it?" Wyntor asked, just looking at the Screaming Coffin.
It was almost like he was looking at an actual coffin.
"I can do it."
Everyone turned to look at Trevor.
"You hired me for these kinds of missions anyway," Trevor said with a sigh.
Naturally, as someone from the Dregs, Trevor had gone through a lot of shit in his life, but killing someone was still something he had never done before.
But now, he was willing to actually go through with it.
Even more, his target was a 14-year-old.
Jenny looked at Trevor and felt quite bad.
Jenny already felt guilty since she had suspected Trevor of being a traitor earlier, and Trevor volunteering to kill a kid definitely didn't help.
"That's not your job," Nick said with a sigh.
"Dealing with employees is my job," he added.
Then, Nick looked at the ground with an almost apathetic expression.
"Additionally, Pator isn't the first person I killed," he whispered.
Jenny took a deep breath.
She had heard that Nick might have already killed someone, but it was still difficult to combine the concept of a murderer with her image of Nick in her mind.
Nick was such a happy-go-lucky guy, and he was willing to go through a lot of effort for his employees.
He was honest, friendly, nice, and almost playful.
Yet, he had also killed several people before.
The contrast was just too stark.
"Are you sure?" Trevor asked with a concerned expression as he came closer to Nick.
Nick wordlessly nodded as he raised his head to look at Trevor.
Or, more accurately, look through him.
"Of course," Nick said with a neutral tone as his unfocused eyes stared through Trevor.
It was almost like Nick was looking at nothing and talking to no one.
Trevor felt a cold shudder run down his back as he saw Nick's expression.
When Jenny saw Nick's expression, she could finally combine the concepts of a murderer with Nick in her mind.
She couldn't imagine Nick killing anyone earlier, but she could imagine Nick lifelessly strangling the life out of someone while wearing that expression.
It was so apathetic, disjointed, and distant.
It was almost like Nick had been replaced with a puppet.
"Okay," Trevor said, managing to keep his voice stable. "Then, I'll leave it up to you."
Nick just nodded.
Near the coffin, Wyntor took a deep breath.
He had turned to look at Nick just now, and he had also seen his expression.
'He doesn't deserve this,' Wyntor thought. 'He's completely dissociating.'
 'Is that really someone I want to trust my employees with?'
Wyntor just turned away again, a thoughtful expression on his face.
'I don't really have a choice. Additionally, he's trustworthy.'
'Maybe dissociating like this won't ruin his positive outlook on life.'
Wyntor sighed again, and his head lowered.
'I'm pathetic,' Wyntor thought with a bitter smile.
'I just wanted to test their loyalty and deal with Pator myself. After all, I was the one that brought Pator.'
Wyntor's fists clenched.
'But I can't do it.'
'I just can't do it.'
Wyntor turned around and looked at Nick.
Nick just mindlessly nodded towards Wyntor.
When he saw Nick's dissociated expression again, Wyntor felt like he was the most despicable scum on Earth.
He saw what effect killing people had on Nick.
And yet, he also knew that Nick could handle it.
Nick had already killed so many people.
What was one more?
What difference did it make?
Did Wyntor really need to worry so much about whether it was bad or not to send Nick to kill Pator?
Wyntor tried to reason with his emotions, but it didn't help.
'In the end, I'm running from my own weakness,' Wyntor thought.
Wyntor nodded toward Nick with a neutral expression, his inner conflict not visible on his face.
'I can't solve this issue, which is why I send Nick to deal with it for me.'
Nick turned around and opened the employee door of the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit.
At that moment, Wyntor remembered the conversation he had with Nick after Horua had declined to work with the Dreamer.
'This is his responsibility, huh?' Wyntor thought, feeling disgusted with his own hypocrisy.
'I told him to deal with his problems and his responsibilities.'
'But here I am, putting my responsibilities on his shoulders.'
'I'm sorry, Nick,' Wyntor thought as he turned back to look at the coffin.
'I'll repay you in the future.'
Jenny and Trevor watched Nick leave with sympathetic expressions.
Trevor wanted to do it himself, but he just couldn't bring himself to speak up.
Nick looked so young.
He was just 16 years old.
Meanwhile, Trevor was over 20.
In Trevor's mind, it was like one kid killing another kid.
If something like this had to be done, then it should be done by an adult.
And yet…
Trevor sighed.
He just couldn't do it.
He just couldn't.
Meanwhile, Jenny just felt bad for Nick.
Nick was her boss, and things like these were his responsibility.
She knew all of that, but she still felt sorry for him.
After Nick left, no one said a word for a long time.
Jenny and Trevor also didn't want to leave.
They felt like they should wait here for Nick's return.
While they couldn't take care of Nick's troubles, they could, at least, show that they were standing with him.
Meanwhile, Nick left Dark Dream with a blank expression on his face.
Like a machine, Nick crossed the road and walked into the hotel.
"Welcome back, Nick!" a receptionist shouted.
Nick just nodded as he entered the staircase.
After climbing the stairs, Nick walked up to Horua's room.
Right now, Pator should be dealing with Horua.
Based on the time, Horua's clothes and the bedding needed to be changed since breakfast had happened just an hour or so ago.
For just a moment, Nick stopped in front of the door.
Then, he put his hand on it, opened it, and walked inside.



Chapter 91 Doing the Deed
As Nick closed the door behind him, he heard Pator's voice coming from the living room.
Nick hadn't entered loudly, which meant that Pator hadn't noticed that Nick was now with him in the small apartment.
"I just don't know, Horua."
Pator's voice sounded tense and troubled.
"I just don't know what to do."
"I've been stuck in this horrible position where I have to choose between two horrible things."
"Do I keep reporting these things and do more damage to Master Wyntor, or do I come clean and lose all of my qualifications?"
Nick slowly and silently walked through the hallway.
"If I tell Master Wyntor what's been going on for three years, I will be severely punished, thrown out of the household, and I will get all my belongings confiscated."
"No one would want to hire me anymore since something like this is the worst thing you can do as a servant."
"And with no job, I will be thrown out of the Inner City."
"And then, I will be thrown into the Dregs."
"Even more, I will lose everyone I know!"
By now, Pator's voice began to tremble again.
"I don't want to lose everything!"
Pator sobbed.
By now, the door to the room had silently opened, and Nick absentmindedly stared in Pator's direction.
At this moment, Pator stood in front of Horua, who was sitting on the bed.
Horua's expression was almost identical to Nick's.
"I wish I never accepted," Pator said through sobs as he cleaned his eyes with his sleeves.
"But I was just eleven! How could I have known that things would turn out this way?!"
"I always thought that it would just be a small side gig to earn a couple of credits."
Pator took a deep and shaky breath.
"Who could have guess-"
CRACK!
A splash of blood appeared on Horua's face.
Pator's body fell forward, his face hitting the edge of the bed.
The back of his head was completely smashed in, parts of his brain having scattered across the room.
Nick stood behind Pator's corpse, his right hand covered in blood and brain matter.
Nick looked down at Pator's body.
Then, he slowly bowed down and grabbed Pator's neck.
Crk! Crk! Crk!
When Pator's neck stopped resisting getting pushed around, Nick stood up again.
For just a couple of seconds, Nick looked at Pator.
His eyes were opened wide.
 His mouth hung open.
A pool of red was rapidly growing beneath him.
Nick just watched for a bit.
Then, Nick walked to the side and grabbed a roll of one of many paper towels.
Pator had bought a bunch of these to deal with Horua's messes. Leaving the room every single time to get something to clean was unnecessary.
Nick unrolled the roll until he had a huge ball of paper towels in his hands.
Then, he shoved the ball into Pator's opened skull.
After grabbing some more, he put them into Pator's mouth and nose since they were also bleeding.
A second later, he took one of several bags and pulled it over Pator's head, fastening it with some straps.
Nick lifted the corpse and put it on one of the rugs inside the room.
This was quite an expensive room, which was why they even had something as luxurious as rugs.
Lastly, Nick rolled the rug with the body in it up before putting it to the side of the room.
With the body dealt with, Nick went on to absentmindedly clean the floor of Horua's room.
It took several minutes and many, many towels, but eventually, Nick got everything.
After inspecting the room thoroughly, Nick stood in the middle of the room.
He glanced at Horua.
That was when he saw the big splatter of blood on Horua's face, which had dripped down on his fresh clothing by now.
A kind smile appeared on Nick's face.
"Oh, let me get that for you," he said in a caring tone as he pulled more paper towels off the roll.
After carefully cleaning Horua's face, Nick changed his clothes as well.
When Nick saw Horua all clean and fresh, he nodded in satisfaction.
"Sorry, but I can't stay right now," he said as he bowed down to lift the rug. "I have to work."
Nick put the rug over his shoulder and slowly retreated from Horua's room.
After carefully closing the doors, Nick's smile vanished again, replaced by blankness.
Absentmindedly, Nick walked down the staircase.
When Nick exited the staircase, the clerk from earlier noticed him, and he had to blink a couple of times in shock.
"Nick, you can't just take our rug with you!" he shouted as he ran towards Nick.
"Bill me for it," Nick said with a neutral voice without turning around. "I need it for something."
The clerk was shocked and grabbed the side of his head in confusion and frustration.
"You can't just…"
He trailed off as he saw Nick just casually walking out of the hotel, not paying the clerk any attention.
For a couple of seconds, the clerk just watched Nick cross the road and enter the warehouse on the other side.
In the end, the clerk went back into the hotel to ask his supervisor about what to do.
After entering the warehouse, Nick closed the door behind him and walked up to the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit.
He hadn't seen anyone in the warehouse so far.
However, he also didn't have the brainpower or motivation to think about where everyone could be.
He just wanted to be done with this matter and continue his life.
Nick opened the employee door of the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit and stepped inside.
Inside the Containment Unit, Jenny, Trevor, and Wyntor turned to look at Nick.
Nick's eyes regained focus as he blinked a couple of times in surprise.
"Oh, didn't know you guys were still in here," Nick said with a bit of surprise. "I thought you would have gone home."
When the three of them heard Nick's casual tone, they felt like they had been stabbed in the chest.



Chapter 92 Drinks
For several seconds, nobody said anything.
Nick just raised an eyebrow. "Man, the atmosphere in here is gloomy. Did someone die?"
Jenny's expression became more worried.
Trevor took a deep breath.
Wyntor looked at the ground with furrowed brows.
"No, we're here to support you, boss!" Trevor said with a smile as he stepped forward.
"Support me?" Nick repeated in surprise. "With what?"
Trevor reached Nick and grabbed hold of the carpet, lifting it off Nick's shoulder. "With this, of course!" he said with a bright and casual smile.
"You can leave this here. We're going to deal with the rest of this matter. Why don't you go back to Horua? He probably needs you right now."
Nick just looked at Trevor with surprise.
It felt strange.
The way Trevor was acting felt unfamiliar to Nick.
Trevor was acting like nothing was wrong and was talking to Nick like it was just any other day.
For some reason, Nick felt his insides shake, and he took a deep breath.
"Don't worry!" Jenny spoke loudly from behind Trevor. "We're going to take care of things here. You just go have a nice day, okay?"
Nick also looked at Jenny with a slightly confused look.
"You did well, Nick," Wyntor said, trying to portray a warm voice but failing. "We'll deal with everything else. Take the rest of the day off."
Nick looked between the three people with uncertainty.
He was not used to being treated like this.
Usually, he was the one that had to deal with the worst things.
And when he felt regret and pain, nobody was usually there to talk to him.
When he had killed that one woman, he hadn't talked to anyone for days, if not weeks.
When he had come into contact with the Nightmare in the sewers, he also had been alone.
When he had thrown Horua to the Dreamer, he also hadn't talked with anyone after.
Nick had expected that the same thing would be true today as well.
He would dump Pator's corpse in front of the Screaming Coffin, leave, stay in his room for a couple of hours, deal with Horua, stay in his room for a couple more hours, and then go to sleep.
And then, he would just return to work.
Like always.
But this time, Nick's three colleagues showed their support, and they would be dealing with the latter part of this event.
Even more, they were acting like nothing was wrong.
'They're acting like I didn't just kill a kid,' Nick thought as his insides shook.
'But am I not doing the same thing?'
Nick's gaze drifted towards the ground.
"Wanna go out for a drink later?"
Nick looked at Trevor.
 "What?" he asked.
"Go out for a drink," Trevor said with a smirk. "I know this really good place that sells amazing drinks, and I feel like today is a good day for a couple of them."
Nick blinked a couple of times. "Drinks? Like water?"
"No, alcohol," Trevor answered with a laugh.
Nick had seen a couple of people drinking alcohol in the Dregs before, but it was more on the rare side since alcohol was so expensive.
He had only heard a couple of things about it, and he felt like it wasn't a good use of money.
"I really don't-"
"Oh, come on," Trevor said as he stepped forward to lightly hit Nick's shoulder. "Don't knock it till you try it! If you still don't like it after trying it, you can just stop drinking. Also, if it's that much of an issue, just view it as being polite to me."
"So, what do you say? You interested?" he asked with a smirk.
Nick just looked with a mix of absentmindedness and confusion at Trevor for a while.
Then, he just nodded without thinking about it.
"Great stuff!" Trevor said with a laugh, giving Nick's shoulder another hit. "I'll get you at three, okay?"
"Sure," Nick answered on instinct.
"Sounds great! Now, get out of here! You got some relaxing to do!" Trevor shouted as he pushed Nick towards the door.
Nick didn't resist, and before he knew it, he was outside the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit.
The door behind him was closed, and he was alone.
For several seconds, Nick just looked forward, not focusing on anything.
Finally, he slowly walked forward toward his own room in the hotel.
Meanwhile, inside the Containment Unit, Trevor released a big breath he was holding and cleaned his head of some accumulated sweat.
After turning around, he saw Jenny and Wyntor looking at him.
"What?" Trevor asked. "I couldn't just leave the poor guy like this. He probably went through some rough shit today."
A smile appeared on Jenny's face. "Thank you," she said quietly.
At this moment, Jenny felt useless.
Nick had dealt with Pator, and Trevor had supported Nick emotionally.
And she?
What had she done?
Nothing.
She just stood on the sidelines, watching.
Right now, Jenny wished that she could do something.
Her eyes went to the rug.
To her, the presence of the rug was more terrifying than the presence of the Screaming Coffin.
She knew exactly what was in there.
Maybe, she could…
But then, Wyntor stepped forward without saying anything and unfurled the rug himself.
Pator's body was revealed.
It was like a cold shudder went through the room.
The corpse looked like Pator, but Trevor and Jenny couldn't believe it was the actual Pator.
A corpse looked so very different from a living human.
"I'm a man of my word," Wyntor said, not sure whether he was talking to himself or his employees.
Silence.
"What do you-"
"Let's go," Trevor said in a quiet but urgent voice towards Jenny.
Jenny was confused, but she walked towards Trevor.
The two of them left the Containment Unit.
"What's going on?" Jenny asked Trevor.
Trevor furrowed his brows. "Don't you remember what he said to his brother before he left?"
The conversation between Wyntor and Ardum shot through Jenny's head.
Then, her eyes widened in realization.
Meanwhile, inside the Containment Unit, Wyntor pulled out a long and sharp knife.



Chapter 93 The Day
The next couple of hours passed by rather quickly for Nick.
Since Nick had essentially just cleaned Horua, he didn't need to check up on him yet.
So, Nick just went back to his room.
However, after just a couple of minutes, he became very agitated and left again.
For the next couple of hours, Nick just walked around the marketplace of the Outer City, buying a couple of things he was interested in.
Nick met quite a few people and talked with them animatedly.
Usually, Nick didn't start conversations with random strangers, but today, things were a bit different.
Nick was in the mood to talk to strangers and to strike up conversations everywhere.
Of course, some of the people felt weirded out, but Nick just ended the conversation quickly when he noticed that they were not into it.
Nick ate some great food, bought some great stuff, and had many interesting conversations.
When it was close to the time he was supposed to go out drinking with Trevor, he walked back to the hotel.
Nick had to check up on Horua again.
When Nick entered the room, he did a double take when he looked at the ground.
For just a second, he felt like he had seen Pator's corpse lying there.
Yet, the next instant, it was gone.
Nick quickly shook his head to regain his bearings and looked at Horua.
When he did, Nick had to sigh.
"Right," he said helplessly. "I haven't checked up on you in six hours. That's quite a long time."
Horua had already gone to the toilet, and some of his muscles were slightly shaking, which was a sign of his muscles cramping and straining.
For the next 30 minutes, Nick kept cleaning Horua and giving him a bath.
When Nick heard Horua's stomach growling, he could only sigh.
amoment later, Nick went to the warehouse and canceled his outing with Trevor.
He couldn't go like this.
He couldn't just leave Horua like this.
Horua needed him.
Trevor said that Nick could just hire someone, but Nick said that it was too troublesome and that he didn't trust a random stranger with Horua's health.
Horua's well-being was Nick's responsibility, and he would never run from it again.
In the end, Trevor could only relent.
Being too pushy with Nick might result in some discord between them.
Eventually, Nick returned to Horua with a soup and fed him.
After that, Nick massaged Horua's strained muscles some more.
For the next two hours, Nick just helped Horua with various things.
And then, he just waited.
Horua was clean, fed, and relaxed.
But soon, there would be something to do again.
 For the next couple of hours, Nick just kept watching over Horua, making sure that he always had clean clothing, food, and relaxation.
Eventually, it was time for Horua to sleep, and Nick tucked him in.
After that, Nick went to his own room and tried to sleep.
It was difficult.
For over two hours, Nick just stared at the ceiling of his room without being able to fall asleep.
Then, he stood up and checked on Horua.
After that, another two hours of staring at the ceiling followed.
Eventually, Nick gave up and just walked around outside.
There were not many people on the streets, and Nick felt quite relaxed.
It was interesting to look at the Outer City during nighttime.
When it was five am., Nick woke up Horua and gave him breakfast.
In the middle of breakfast, someone knocked on the door, and Nick opened it.
It was a girl about Nick's age, and she looked at Nick with a bright smile.
"Are you sir Nick?" she asked.
"I'm Nick," he answered in confusion.
"My name's Marie, and I'm Master Wyntor's new assistant! I'm looking forward to working with you!" Marie said with a chipper voice and a polite bow.
"Oh," Nick said in surprise. "Right. That makes sense."
"May I come in?" she asked.
"Sure," Nick said, letting her in.
Marie looked around and entered Horua's room. "This is Horua, correct?"
Nick nodded.
"May you teach me about taking care of him?"
"Eh, sure," Nick answered.
For the next hour, Nick instructed Marie about what to do, and she listened attentively.
After making a timetable, she read it to Nick and asked him if it was okay.
Nick nodded.
She checked up on Horua every two hours and perfectly did everything that needed to be done.
"Thank you, sir," Marie said with a sweet smile. "I will take care of things for now."
"Of course," Nick said with a smile. By now, he had gotten familiar with Marie, and he liked her quite a bit.
Nick left Horua's room and entered Dark Dream.
Nick could tell that Wyntor was already there since the big lock on his office had been opened.
Wyntor's working times were amost identical to Nick's.
If he didn't have ameeting, Wyntor was available from about six am. to four pm.
He chose these times so that he would meet all of his employees at least once per day.
He would meet Nick and Trevor in the morning, and he would meet Nick and Jenny in the afternoon.
Nick didn't have anything to talk to Wyntor about right now, which was why he walked towards the Screaming Coffin.
'Oh, right!' Nick thought on his way. 'I forgot to feed the Screaming Coffin yesterday!'
Yet, when Nick entered the Containment Unit, he saw the coffin just lying there.
'Someone fed it already?'
That was when the image of Pator's body shot through Nick's mind.
'Right…'
'Not sure how long that will keep the coffin busy.'
'His body wasn't very big…'
Nevertheless, Nick left the Containment Unit and went to the Dreamer.
'Huh, seems like Trevor didn't take a day off,' Nick thought when he saw the sleeping Trevor in front of the Dreamer.
After a bit of talking, Trevor left, and Nick sat down.
Sleep didn't take long to arrive.
The Dreamer made sure of that.



Chapter 94 Favor
Eventually, Nick was woken up by Jenny.
"Hey, how do you feel?" she asked.
Nick took about a second to process the words Jenny had just uttered.
"I dunno," he answered with slurred speech.
Jenny's expression became more worried.
"Is everything alright?" she asked.
"Yeah, sure," Nick said as he slowly stood up.
Suddenly, Nick felt like his head was killing him.
There was this droning and pressure in his head, and when he stood up, he felt like he was about to fall over.
Nick felt like his eyes were forced open by some kind of force, but there was nothing there.
Nick's heart beat quickly, and he realized that he was covered in sweat.
"You don't look good," Jenny said with worry.
"It's fine," Nick said with an unusually loud voice.
Jenny was taken aback by Nick's outburst.
"Sorry, sorry," Nick quickly said with an embarrassed smile. "That came out more aggressive than intended."
"It's just… forget it," Nick said as he walked towards the exit.
"You can tell me," Jenny said, looking as Nick passed by her.
"It's fine," Nick said with a dismissive wave.
"No, it's not," Jenny said with an urgent voice. "If there is anything I can do, tell me!"
Nick stopped walking and turned to look at her with a raised eyebrow.
Right now, Jenny looked urgent and almost desperate.
She looked like she really cared about this issue.
The muscles in Nick's face tensed up.
"Okay, if you really want to know…" Nick said.
Jenny listened intently.
"I feel like you're a bit too forward with your concern for me," Nick said neutrally. "Let my problems be my problems. We are colleagues. That's it."
Nick looked into Jenny's eyes.
Jenny felt more nervous when she heard Nick's cold voice.
That wasn't what she wanted to hear.
She wanted to help Nick with his issues.
Trevor had managed to help Nick, and Wyntor was also helping him.
And she?
She hadn't done anything!
She just wanted to listen to Nick's worries and help him deal with them emotionally.
That's how it was with her and her partner.
 Whenever one of them had issues, the other one would listen to them and help them deal with the issues.
Maybe one of them would cry, and everything would be better after that.
Yet, Nick had rejected Jenny's help very clearly.
"You seem too eager to help others," Nick said. "Sometimes, the biggest help is not helping."
Jenny still looked uncertain.
"Okay, sorry," she eventually said.
Nick nodded and walked out of the room.
In Nick's mind, Jenny seemed like someone who was way too eager to help someone with something that didn't need any support.
As Nick walked out of the Containment Unit, he thought about all the things he would help Horua with today.
He had a lot of things to do, and Horua needed help with all of them.
"Nick, I need you real quick."
Nick looked to the side and saw Wyntor standing at the entrance to his office.
"Sure," Nick said, walking into Wyntor's office.
Wyntor sat down, and Nick closed the door.
The next moment, Wyntor took out a briefcase.
The briefcase was made of silver metal and wasn't very big, but Nick could see Wyntor's arm strain when he lifted it.
"Open it," Wyntor said as he pushed the briefcase to Nick.
Nick looked at the briefcase with a raised eyebrow and slowly opened it.
When it was fully opened, a silver sheen was reflected on Nick's face, and his eyes opened widely in shock.
In the briefcase were four silver braces, two for Nick's wrists and two for his legs.
The two braces for Nick's wrists also had long and rounded blades on them.
Except for the color, they looked almost exactly like the ones Nick had shown Wyntor yesterday.
"These are for me?" Nick asked.
Wyntor nodded wordlessly.
Nick slowly moved his hands forward and lifted one of them.
'Heavy!' Nick immediately thought.
One of the braces for his wrists weighed over 20 kilograms!
That was absolutely insane!
Yes, Nick was very strong, but casually carrying 20 kilograms on a wrist was still quite straining.
"I ordered them for you to be just right when you reach the Peak of the first level," Wyntor said. "It makes no sense to give you weapons for the Late first level just for them to become obsolete in a week or two."
"With some training, you should be able to walk around with them casually, and you can also use them relatively well."
"However, they only show their real powers when your ability is active," Wyntor said.
The next moment, Wyntor turned around and looked away from Nick.
Almost immediately, the cuff in Nick's hands became very light.
Naturally, the cuff hadn't changed in weight. It was just Nick's ability activating.
Nick moved the cuff around a bit, and he liked the weight quite a lot.
It felt great!
Wyntor turned around again, and the cuff returned to being quite heavy.
"For now, you have to deal with the weight," Wyntor said, "but that should also help you get used to them."
Nick nodded. "How strong are they?"
"Your body will turn to ash before you have to worry about them," Wyntor said neutrally. "Your wrist will break into pieces before even a scratch appears on them."
Nick took a deep breath.
"How expensive were they?"
Wyntor released a sigh.
"A favor," Wyntor said.
"A favor?" Nick asked.
Wyntor nodded. "I didn't buy them for money but for a favor."
Nick gulped.
That probably meant that they were too expensive for the current Dark Dream.
Nick felt guilty and ashamed when he imagined how much Wyntor must have paid for his weapons.
He just wished that he could repay Wyntor.
Ironically, that was exactly what Wyntor thought while purchasing these weapons, but the other way around.
He just hoped that they could serve as a small repayment for what Nick had done for him.
"But I didn't sell that favor for cheap!" Wyntor said with a smirk.
Next, Wyntor stood up and grabbed something very heavy from below his desk.
BANG!
The entire table shook when Wyntor finally put another heavy briefcase on it.
This one was much bigger and obviously much heavier.
"I told you that I also want you to train in a weapon of my choosing."
"Well, here it is," he said, shoving the briefcase forward.



Chapter 95 Burden
Nick looked at the heavy briefcase with shock.
That looked REALLY heavy!
Wyntor basically had to use all his power just to lift it onto the table!
The briefcase was about 150 centimeters long and nearly half a meter wide.
Nick wasn't sure what kind of weapon was in there.
A big sword?
A club?
A rifle?
Nick slowly moved his hand forward and opened the briefcase.
The next moment, Nick's eyes widened in shock.
Five very long and thin spears!
"They're throwing spears," Wyntor said.
"Throwing spears?" Nick asked.
Wyntor nodded. "Your ability doesn't increase the Zephyx in your body from what I have seen. It only increases your physical power."
"There are guns that use the Zephyx of an Extractor as a power source, which means a stronger Extractor can unleash a stronger blast with the gun."
"However, such a weapon wouldn't take advantage of your ability. The guns use Zephyx. You use muscle."
"Since you are already set on using your arms and legs as weapons, I thought that a ranged option would be a good addition."
"These kinds of throwing spears need a lot of power to be thrown, but their power is incredible."
"The force of a projectile is made up of mass and acceleration. Guns use little mass and lots of acceleration, while your throwing spears use a lot of mass and little acceleration."
"Well, little for the standards of a gun. When you throw a spear, it will still be quite fast."
Nick grabbed one of the spears and lifted it.
It probably weighed about 30 kilos!
That was extremely heavy for a throwing spear.
However, when one took into account that Nick would soon become a Peak Newbie and his ability, the weight made a lot of sense.
As a Peak Newbie, Nick would be about five times as powerful as an average male adult, and with his ability, it would turn into 25 times.
When scaled to the power of a normal male adult, one throwing spear would only weigh a bit more than one kilo.
Throwing a spear that weighed one kilo sounded reasonable for an adult male.
Nick could definitely throw a 30-kilo spear with quite a lot of speed.
What would that even look like?
It was probably akin to the shot of a harpoon!
If a human were hit by that…
Many possibilities shot through Nick's mind when he looked at the five spears.
"I'm not very good at aiming," Nick said.
"Well, you have to learn," Wyntor answered. "Everyone needs to train with their weapons, and you're not any different."
"Naturally, I already found a teacher for you. He's ready to start and just waits for the starting signal."
 "When do you want your training to be every day?" Wyntor asked.
Nick's mind blanked for a bit, and Horua's image shot through his head.
"Can that wait for now?" Nick said.
Wyntor frowned and looked at Nick. "Why?"
"I need to take care of Horua," Nick said.
"I'll just hire a second servant," Wyntor answered.
Nick became uncomfortable.
"I don't know," Nick said.
Wyntor's expression became solemn.
"How long will this continue?" Wyntor asked with a serious voice.
"What do you mean?" Nick asked.
"How long until you finally let go and just accept some help," Wyntor said.
"Yes, the boy's current condition is your responsibility, but nothing you do now can fix that. No matter what you do, you can't change the past."
Nick looked like he had just been stabbed in the chest.
"Stop trying to fix the past with actions in the present. It won't work."
"The boy's safety and health is your main concern, correct? You want him to be clean and healthy, right?"
Nick nodded.
"And are you in any way better than a servant from my family in that?" Wyntor asked.
Nick became more nervous. "It's not the same."
Wyntor snorted. "The boy can't perceive anything anyway. It doesn't matter who takes care of him as long as everything is done correctly."
"You're my Chief Zephyx Extractor, Nick. I need you to be fully focused on the business. For what I'm paying you and with the future potential of Dark Dream, I could hire a Veteran."
"Nick, I need you on board with Dark Dream. You're not just a random employee that does their time and doesn't have to think about work after that."
"You're a chief officer of this company! Your payment and value are intrinsically connected to the business' success!" Wyntor explained.
"I just want to take care of him!" Nick suddenly shouted.
Silence.
Wyntor looked at him.
"Nick, it's not like you're not going to see him again," Wyntor said calmly. "You can visit him literally any time of the day. If you want to sit beside him while he's being fed, go ahead."
"I just can't use someone whose mind is occupied with taking care of a disabled person."
Nick gritted his teeth and clenched his fists.
He felt like he was losing something important.
"I need some time to think about it," Nick said with a strained voice.
Wyntor frowned, but he didn't immediately answer.
"Fine," Wyntor said. "Important decisions need time to simmer."
"We'll talk again tomorrow morning. Come to my office before you work with the Dreamer."
Nick nodded before turning around.
"I think you forgot something," Wyntor said.
Nick turned back to look at Wyntor and saw him motioning to the two suitcases on the table.
"Oh, right," Nick said absentmindedly.
Nick put the weapons back into the suitcases and carried them out of Wyntor's office.
After the door closed, Wyntor released a sigh.
'Well, it could have gone better, but I managed to get my point across,' Wyntor thought.
Meanwhile, Nick just carried his two suitcases out of Dark Dream and entered the hotel on the other side of the street.
After entering his room, Nick put the two suitcases to the side, left again, and entered Horua's room.
When Nick saw Horua perfectly clean and healthy, he felt his insides shake.
Marie had taken good care of Horua while Nick was working.
Nick just silently looked at Horua for a while.



Chapter 96 Im Sorry
There was nothing for Nick to do in Horua's room.
Marie had taken care of everything.
So, Nick just sat down beside Horua and started to talk.
"When will you wake up?" Nick asked, not looking at Horua.
Naturally, Horua didn't answer.
"You've been like that for over three months by now, and you show no sign of improvement."
No answer.
"You're going to turn twelve soon."
"Three months gone, just like that."
Nick sighed.
"But what am I supposed to do?"
"I didn't want it to end up this way."
"I wanted to give you a future."
"But, of course, I was an absolute idiot and forced you into something when you weren't ready yet."
"I can't believe that I actually asked a child to work with the Dreamer."
"If anyone else had done something like that, I would believe them to be cruel and stupid."
Nick sighed again.
"And yet, it was me."
"I was the one that did that."
Nick turned to look at Horua.
"And now, you're like this."
"Because of me."
Nick took a shaky breath.
"I honestly don't know what to do."
"What can I do to make this right?"
"I looked after you for three months, and I will continue looking after you until your condition turns for the better."
"But isn't there something else I can do?"
"Is there anything I can do on top of that?"
"Anything?"
"Should I bring you something?"
"Should I buy you something?"
Nick remained silent for a while.
"I don't know what to do, Horua," he said.
Silence.
Nick just sat beside Horua for several minutes, lost in thought.
 Horua just kept staring forward with dead eyes.
"It feels like regret and guilt are eating me up from the inside, Horua," Nick said with a shaky voice.
"Whenever there is a quiet moment, the droning in my chest gets louder and louder until I get overwhelmed."
"I just want to make this right."
"I just want to help you."
"I know I fucked up, Horua, but I'm going to do everything in my power to help you!" Nick said with conviction as he turned to look at Horua.
"I'm going to make this right!"
"No matter what it costs!"
"No matter what it takes!"
Yet, Horua didn't look at Nick.
He just kept staring forward.
Seconds and minutes passed.
There was nothing for Nick to do since Horua didn't need anything right now.
Nick didn't have anything to do for his work as well.
To top it all off, the lack of sleep was making it harder for Nick to think clearly.
Time seemed to pass quickly for one second, then very slowly the next.
It was like time was coming in waves, and Nick's perception of it was warping.
Nick didn't know how long he sat beside Horua, but it wasn't long enough for Horua to need something again.
"I'm sorry."
"I'm sorry, Horua," Nick whispered.
Tears formed in Nick's eyes as his breathing quickened.
"I'm so sorry."
"I fucked up, Horua."
"I'm sorry."
"I didn't want any of this to happen."
"I just wanted to help you."
"I'm so sorry."
By now, Nick's tears were rolling down his face.
He didn't dare to look at the current Horua.
Nick only looked at the ground.
"I'm sorry."
"Please, wake up."
"I'm sorry."
Crying.
For a long time, Nick cried, repeating that he was sorry over and over.
He just kept looking at the ground.
Slowly, Nick put his face in his hands, and his sobbing became more intense.
After a while, Nick wasn't even sure anymore what he was crying about.
There were so many reasons to cry.
The people he killed.
Pator.
Horua.
The things he had done in the past.
With his tired mind, all of these things just swirled together into a mass of guilt and suffering.
Everything was shit.
Nick had done the most horrible things.
He was responsible for Horua's current condition.
He killed another kid just yesterday.
He killed over ten people within the last week.
Nick was practical due to his life in the Dregs, but he wasn't a coldhearted monster.
He didn't want to do all of these horrible things.
And yet, for one reason or another, these things had still happened.
Everything was horrible.
Yesterday was horrible.
Today was horrible.
Tomorrow would be horrible.
Why was he doing all of this?
Money?
Fame?
What was the point of any of this when he felt his insides consuming him in moments when he should feel calm and content?!
Eventually, Nick was pulled out of his thoughts by Horua needing to get cleaned again.
In contrast to how Nick felt when he entered the room, he now didn't feel like helping Horua.
It was like the task was so difficult, challenging, and lengthy.
Nevertheless, Horua was his responsibility, and Nick cleaned Horua and changed his clothing.
When Nick was done, he just absentmindedly looked at Horua.
After crying for so long, how did Nick feel?
Like shit.
People said that crying helped in dealing with emotions, but Nick felt none of that right now.
He just felt hollow and horrible.
All the things he had to do felt like a daunting task that required a mountain of effort.
After looking at Horua silently for a while, Nick left to buy some food for the two of them.
When he was done feeding Horua, Nick put him to bed, even though it was still too early for Horua's bedtime.
'It's fine when he goes to bed a couple hours early one day,' Nick thought.
After putting Horua to sleep, Nick went to his own room and fell into his bed.
He didn't even change his clothing or drink anything.
He just didn't care anymore.
Nothing mattered anymore.
He just wanted his consciousness to vanish into the blissful oblivion of sleep.
Nick didn't move in his bed.
And just a couple of minutes later, Nick fell asleep.
Finally, Nick didn't have to face the world anymore.



Chapter 97 Effort
Nick woke up.
...
He just stared at the ceiling.
…
He didn't think.
After several minutes, his eyes moved to the side, to the clock in his room.
Five am.
Considering that he went to bed at something like six pm., he slept for something like eleven hours.
Nick wasn't sure if he had ever slept for this long.
'I don't want to work,' Nick thought.
'I just want to keep lying here.'
'I just want to…'
'…'
'I don't know.'
'I don't know what I want.'
The past day shot through Nick's mind.
As soon as Nick remembered what happened the last two days, his jaw clenched, and he felt a dark hole opening up in his chest.
Nick turned over and tried to distract his mind from yesterday's memories.
Suddenly, Nick shot up from his bed, his eyes wide.
"Horua!" he shouted.
Nick stood up and quickly changed his clothing.
After cleaning himself rapidly, Nick rushed out of his room and entered Horua's room.
When Nick saw Horua, his insides shook again.
Horua's muscles were tense, and the entire room was stinking of piss and shit.
Flies had already come into the room and were flying around Horua's shit-covered pants.
Guilt immediately overwhelmed Nick.
Horua was his responsibility, and once again, he had messed up.
Nick just silently started to clean Horua before feeding him breakfast.
"Good Morning, sir!"
Nick turned around and saw Marie entering Horua's room.
"Hi," Nick said.
Marie's nose moved a bit as she smelled the foul odor in the room, but her smile never vanished from her face.
"I'll take over for today," Marie said with a wam voice.
Nick turned away and gritted his teeth.
He could tell that the room was still stinking to the high heavens, and he knew that Marie smelled it.
 'She probably thinks that I neglected Horua and that I am a horrible person,' Nick thought.
'And she would be right.'
"Of course," Nick said in a quiet voice before standing up. "I'll leave things to you."
"Is everything alright, sir?" Marie asked as Nick walked towards the door.
Instead of slowing down, Nick sped up a bit.
"No, everything's fine. Thanks for asking."
And the door closed behind him.
Inside Horua's room, Marie looked at the door with a worried expression.
After stepping out of the room, Nick took a deep breath and slowed down.
'Right, I need to work,' Nick thought slowly.
Nick stopped walking and just stood in the middle of the hallway, not doing anything.
He just was looking at the ground with an absentminded expression.
He really, really didn't want to work.
Nick never had any issues with going to work before.
In fact, he had always been looking forward to it.
He was earning money, becoming stronger, meeting his colleagues, and advancing in life.
But now, it just felt like a hassle.
It felt like a waste of time.
What was the point?
But then, Nick remembered something and took a deep breath.
'If I don't go, nobody will wake up Trevor.'
Eventually, Nick left the hotel.
When the clerk greeted him, Nick just wordlessly waved, not even turning to look at him.
After entering the warehouse, Nick walked towards the Dreamer's Containment Unit.
"We were supposed to talk this morning."
Nick stopped and turned to his side.
Wyntor was looking at Nick from his office, the door open.
That was when Nick remembered that he was supposed to talk with Wyntor about hiring a second assistant for Horua and his weapons.
This memory triggered another memory, which was the existence of Nick's weapons.
He was probably supposed to wear them to work.
Once more, Nick felt like a loser since he had disappointed yet another person.
When Nick thought about Horua, he specifically remembered his appearance from when he had found him this morning.
He had been in a horrible shape.
amoment later, Nick remembered what he had to do for Horua every day.
It was so much work.
But it was his responsibility.
Horua was like this because of him.
Offloading his responsibility onto someone else felt like running away.
But it was just so much work.
Nick couldn't even get a good night's rest without risking Horua's health.
But it was his responsibility.
But it was so much work.
But he was at fault.
But he was also failing at taking care of Horua.
But…
But…
When Wyntor saw Nick just standing in front of the Dreamer's Containment Unit, not paying attention to anything, he raised an eyebrow.
Something was going on with Nick.
Nick wasn't usually this quiet and absentminded.
"Nick?" Wyntor asked, standing up from his chair and leaving his office.
Nick slowly turned to look at Wyntor.
He still didn't have an answer to the issue.
When Wyntor saw that Nick still didn't answer, he frowned.
"Go home for today."
"Huh?" Nick uttered as his eyes regained focus.
"You're obviously overwhelmed with the current situation," Wyntor said with a neutral voice. "I'll wake Trevor. You go home for today and relax."
"Marie is going to take care of Horua for today, and I will also get someone to take care of him for the night."
"You need a day to relax and cam down," Wyntor said.
Suddenly, Nick felt lost again.
A day of relaxation?
What was he supposed to do with that?
'Now, I can't even work with the Dreamer anymore.'
'I can't take care of Horua.'
'I can't remember the things I have to do.'
'I can't work with the Dreamer.'
'Other people have to do my work.'
'Other people have to take care of Horua.'
'I'm a failure.'
Nick felt like the black hole in his chest was growing in size.
'I have a useless ability, don't know how to lead my employees, and cause problems for everyone else.'
'I'm a failure.'
"Sure," Nick said absentmindedly as he turned to exit the warehouse.
Wyntor watched Nick leave with furrowed brows.
The next moment, he started to scratch his chin as his eyes narrowed.



Chapter 98 A Long Morning
Nick absentmindedly left Dark Dream and walked to the hotel.
Without talking to anyone, Nick entered his room and fell onto his bed.
And just stared at the ceiling.
For several minutes.
Nick felt like he was thinking about something, but he had no idea what he was thinking about.
He just kept looking.
And thinking.
About ten minutes later, Nick turned to his side and looked at the wall.
He still wasn't sure what he was thinking about.
'I didn't want to work, and now, I don't have to work.'
Silence.
'I don't know.'
'I don't even know if I am happy that I don't have to work or not.'
'Now, I'm just lying here, doing nothing.'
Eventually, Nick closed his eyes.
'I don't care anymore.'
'I'll just go to sleep.'
Time passed.
30 minutes later, Nick opened his eyes again.
He hadn't fallen asleep.
He had just slept for about eleven hours, and his body didn't need nor want sleep right now.
Nick felt like he was wasting time by staying in bed like this.
But his legs just felt so heavy and difficult to move.
Also, what was the point of going out?
After eating something or talking to someone, things would just return to this state anyway.
All of these things were just momentary distractions between periods of pain.
Doing any of these things wouldn't change anything.
Why stand up and do things?
So, Nick just kept lying in his bed, not knowing what he was thinking about.
Time passed.
Nothing was happening.
Nothing was changing.
Nick noticed some trash on the ground.
It was annoying him.
But it felt like such amomentous task to clean it up.
 'I can't even clean up my own room,' Nick thought.
'It's bothering me, but instead of cleaning up, I just keep lying here.'
Silence.
'I'm a failure.'
'I'm a burden.'
'I'm amurderer.'
Silence.
Nick's back bent, and he pulled his knees to his chest as he lay on the side.
He felt like his chest was tensing up.
'I'm pathetic.'
Time kept passing.
Nick's mood didn't improve.
Eventually, Nick had to go to the toilet and drank a bit of water.
After standing up, Nick didn't want to lie down anymore.
Instead, he just sat on his bed.
Minutes passed in which Nick was just looking at the ground.
Nick kept thinking about Horua and kept remembering that he didn't need to worry about him for the day.
There was nothing for him to do.
There was nothing that he wanted to do.
As time passed, Nick's emotions became louder, and he wanted to let them out.
Sadly, he couldn't let out his rage, or the entire room would break.
And when he remembered how he felt after crying yesterday, he also didn't dare to cry.
If he had simply kept all of his emotions inside, he wouldn't be feeling like shit right now.
Crying had been amistake, and he wouldn't commit the same mistake again.
So, Nick was just stuck with his current emotions.
And they just kept festering inside of him with no way out.
Eventually, Nick started to hear kids playing outside the hotel.
Compared to the Dregs, the Outer City had more children, and they were also happier.
It was normal for the kids to start playing between eight and nine am.
This meant that two to three hours had already passed.
Nick had wasted the entire morning just staring at the wall and the ceiling.
And nothing had improved.
He felt just as horrible as in the morning.
As the playing of the kids grew louder, Nick's feelings started to change.
He became angry.
Here he was, feeling horrible pain and guilt, and outside, kids were happily playing while adults were happily going about their lives.
The bright light from outside seemed to burn the proverbial darkness in the room.
Nick clenched his fists in rage.
It was so unfair!
He was feeling so horrible, while others felt so good!
He hated it!
He just wanted everyone to shut up!
He just wanted everyone else to feel the same pain he was feeling!
And yet, Nick knew that he wouldn't truly do anything like this, which made him feel even worse.
He wasn't being a nice person right now, but he also wasn't decisive enough to be a bad one.
It was just a shitty middle ground.
Being in this room sucked!
Being outside sucked!
Being awake sucked!
No matter what he did or where he went, it didn't matter!
It was all the same anyway!
Nick curled up on the bed as he violently grabbed his head.
Why was everything horrible?
Why was his job horrible?
Why was the city horrible?
Why was life horrible?
Why was he horrible?
Nick couldn't find anything good about his life.
Although, there was one thing.
Sleep.
Nick just wanted to sleep.
During sleep, he wasn't feeling these things.
But he needed to wait twelve more hours, at least, until he could go to sleep again.
Eventually, Nick felt his eyes become wet again, but as soon as he noticed, he burrowed the urge to cry.
He had seen what had happened the last time, and he wouldn't do that again.
Nick pushed all the things he was feeling back, deep into the most remote corners of his mind.
After some minutes, Nick slowly sat up.
With an absentminded look, he stared at the wall again.
The playing coming from outside was so loud.
He felt like his entire world was shaking.
Nick's heart rate and his breathing sped up.
'Things can't keep on going like this.'
Now, Nick knew what he was thinking about.
Sweat started to break out across Nick's body.
His eyes focused on the wall.
His lips trembled.
The playing from outside was so loud but distant.
His room felt so grey and devoid of meaning.
Nick gritted his teeth and clenched his fists.
"I…" Nick said slowly.
Nick felt like his heart was banging in his ears.
"I…"
"I wish…"



Chapter 99 Something to Do
"I wish..."
"I wish..."
Nick's body began to shudder as his jaw tightened.
His breathing was rapid, and he tried his best to say the Sentence.
"I…"
"I…"
Nick gritted his teeth.
And then, Nick's body lost all strength, and he fell back onto the bed.
"I can't do it!"
At that moment, Nick began to cry loudly.
'I just can't do it!'
'How pathetic am I that I can't even kill myself?!'
'How pathetic am I that I even want to kill myself?!'
'I always saw the people that said the Sentence as weaklings, even if I didn't want to amit it.'
'I knew that I was stronger than them.'
'And yet, I just want this to be over!'
'There's nothing left!'
'What am I supposed to do with this shit stain of a life?!'
'What's the point?!'
For several minutes, Nick just cried.
And when he was done, he just felt empty again.
Crying hadn't helped one bit.
He had just felt horrible for a couple of minutes, and then, everything returned to its regular shitty self.
'I don't know what to do.'
Nick just continued looking at the ceiling as he closed his eyes.
Surprisingly, he actually managed to fall asleep this time.
The previous moment had been very stressful and exhausting.
When Nick woke up, he looked at the clock again.
'Six pm.'
Silence.
'I don't know what to do.'
Nevertheless, after a couple of minutes, Nick stood up from his bed and left his room.
He didn't really want to leave his room, but he did it anyway and just started walking around.
There were still many people outside, but the crowds were slowly starting to die down.
As always, the sun shone directly onto Nick.
 It was just as hot as always.
As he was walking around, Nick wasn't looking at anything in particular.
He also didn't have any goal in mind.
He just walked.
'I don't know,' Nick thought repeatedly as he randomly walked through the Outer City.
Some people greeted him, but Nick just waved them off with a curt answer before leaving.
Nick saw a couple of interesting things to buy, but he wasn't interested.
He saw some delicious food, but it didn't seem very appealing to him, even though he hadn't eaten anything for nearly 24 hours.
He just kept walking around.
"Sir, please wait amoment!"
Nick stopped as two guards appeared in front of him.
"Huh?" Nick uttered in absentminded confusion.
"Please, show us your Inner City ID," one of the guards spoke politely.
"Inner City ID? I don't have one of those," he said.
The guards frowned. "Then, we can't let you proceed."
"Huh?" Nick uttered again as he looked around.
At this moment, Nick stood in front of a humongous gate that was illuminated by many small bits of Arclight.
It was one of the gates to the Inner City.
Nick had no idea how he had gotten here.
'Guess I walked.'
"Sure," Nick said absentmindedly as he turned around to leave.
The guards just looked at him with a bit of confusion.
Eventually, Nick came back to his room, and a horrible night followed.
Falling asleep was extremely difficult, but he also didn't want to do anything.
There was nothing to do that interested Nick, but he also couldn't properly fall asleep.
Nevertheless, time continued to pass, and eventually, Nick actually managed to fall asleep again.
Sadly, the sleep wasn't very long since he had slept so much today already.
Nick woke up at three am. and left his room.
He would need to work in three hours anyway, which was why he went directly to Dark Dream.
Naturally, only Trevor was here during this time, but he was currently busy working with the Dreamer.
'I need something to do,' Nick thought as he looked around.
'I can't kill myself, and I also can't deal with these problems.'
'Life is still shit, but it seems like I'm stuck living it.'
'Next best thing is to ignore the pointlessness of everything and just do something.'
'The more time passes, the closer I am to death.'
At that point, Nick saw the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit.
'Right, I should check if everything is okay with it.'
Nick walked over to the Containment Unit and checked the Zephyx storage.
'Only seven grams,' Nick thought. 'I guess someone emptied it yesterday.'
After changing the storage, Nick went into the Screaming Coffin's Containment Unit.
When Nick saw the Screaming Coffin shuffling about near the walls, he showed no reaction.
His eyes remained as neutral and lifeless as earlier.
"I guess Pator wasn't a lot to eat for you," Nick commented without any amusement.
Nick's voice sounded harsher than anticipated, but he didn't care enough to rectify it.
What was he supposed to do anyway? Apologize to the Screaming Coffin?
"Guess you need some food," Nick said.
When Nick thought about what he had to do to feed it, he became a bit uncertain for amoment.
He would need to go out and kill someone.
And yet, the more Nick thought about it, the less he cared.
Nick went through two horrible shit days, and he honestly couldn't give less of a shit about some random rapist from the Dregs.
'I need something to do anyway.'
When Nick had spoken earlier, the Screaming Coffin had felt him, and it started to walk over to him.
When the Screaming Coffin reached Nick, it tried to bind him with its white bandages.
Nick sneered in disgust.
BANG!
And kicked it with a lot of force.
BOOOM!
The coffin hit the wall of the Containment Unit and fell to the ground, cracks and splinters visible on it.
Immediately, it retrieved its bandages and stopped moving.
Now, it looked like any other coffin again.
Naturally, Nick didn't feel any pity for the coffin.
Not only was it a Specter, but it didn't even have a proper consciousness.
After some seconds of watching, Nick left the Containment Unit to get some food for the Screaming Coffin.



Chapter 100 Distraction
Nick came back less than an hour later and threw the corpse towards the Screaming Coffin.
This time, he had killed a guy who had been stalking the home of a young girl.
Nick hadn't bothered checking what the guy was doing exactly. He had just seen him creep around the home and look at the young girl through a crack in the wall while touching himself down below.
That was enough context for Nick, and he had killed him.
Killing this man felt different from all the other times in the sense that Nick actually felt something.
However, what he felt wasn't strong.
It was just that Nick's chest had tightened a bit as he did the deed.
Yet, the disgust and apathy he felt for that man outweighed the little bit of empathy he felt for him.
After Nick fed the Screaming Coffin, he walked out of the Containment Unit and checked up on the Dreamer's Containment Unit.
Based on the Zephyx inside the storage, Wyntor had probably emptied the Zephyx sometime yesterday.
Nevertheless, Nick emptied it again and put it into Wyntor's office.
While Wyntor's office was locked when he wasn't there, Nick had a spare key to it and was allowed to enter.
After putting everything away, Nick looked at the clock.
'4:27,' Nick thought. 'I still got about an hour before Wyntor arrives.'
Slowly, the dark hole inside Nick's chest seemed to intensify, and Nick became a bit nervous.
'I need something to do,' he thought as he walked away from Wyntor's office.
That was when Nick remembered his weapons.
'Right, I should get those.'
Nick left the warehouse and entered his room.
He found the two suitcases beside his bed and opened the one with his braces.
Nick furrowed his brows as he saw them.
'That's going to be annoying,' he thought as he took them out of the suitcase.
Slowly, Nick put them onto his forearms and shins.
At the moment, they were pretty easy to carry, and Nick only felt a bit of weight, but that would soon change when other people perceived him again.
After putting them on, Nick also took out three of his five throwing spears.
'Huh, there's also a belt or harness or something,' Nick realized as he looked into the suitcase.
Beneath the spears had been a mass of black belts. There was one that obviously was supposed to go around someone's waist, but there were also a couple more leading away from that one.
After experimenting a bit, Nick found out how to put the thing on.
One belt went around his waist.
One went around his middle abdomen.
One went around his middle chest.
All of these belts were connected with many smaller ones.
In total, there were three big belts, and all belts had a flap hanging from them.
Nick grabbed one of the spears and dropped it into one of the flaps.
It easily slid through and also went through the second flap.
 When it touched the flap of the lowest belt, it was halted.
At the same time, the other flaps also began to take hold.
One had to remember that throwing spears didn't look like normal spears.
Normal spears had a big and long head on the end of a flexible and long hilt, which ended with either another tiny blade or something flat.
Throwing spears, on the other hand, didn't have big and noticeable heads.
Instead, the hilt curved and narrowed until only a thin point was left.
The other side of the throwing spear was just flat.
Just to test it, Nick put all five spears into the harness.
In the end, all five of Nick's spears were held on his back.
They slightly extended from a bit below his waist to a bit over his head.
After putting them all in, Nick could feel a bit of weight on his back.
He moved his right arm over his right shoulder and grabbed the right-most spear.
When he pulled, the spear comfortably and easily slid out of the harness.
Nick held the spear a bit in his hands and moved it around a bit.
The weight felt nice.
'That should give me something to do,' he thought.
Nick grabbed another spear and pulled that one out as well.
After putting those two spears back into the suitcase, Nick left his room.
He now wore his braces and carried three of his five throwing spears.
In total, Nick now carried around 170kg of extra weight.
It was still okay when no person perceived him, but as soon as Nick entered the lobby of the hotel and saw one of the clerks look over, he had to take a deep breath.
Walking suddenly became very difficult.
Standing was still okay, but Nick could feel his back straining quite a bit.
'I overestimated my strength,' Nick thought as he slowly turned around to walk up the stairs again.
The clerk just looked at the retreating Nick with confusion.
When he reached his room, Nick put two more of the throwing spears away, only carrying one with him.
That reduced his extra weight to "only" 110 kg.
That was still very heavy, but Nick could at least walk around.
Without his ability active, the extra weight on Nick's body was about equivalent to an average adult male carrying 30kg of stuff on his body.
It was definitely quite heavy, but walking around was still feasible.
'I have to get used to this anyway,' Nick thought as he slowly walked out of the hotel.
Without noticing, Nick hadn't thought about his problems for over ten minutes by now.
It seemed like distracting himself worked.
Well, until Nick arrived in the warehouse again and realized that he had to wait nearly an hour more.
Nick became fidgety as the silence returned.
'Might as well start,' Nick thought, annoyed with this constant black hole in his chest.
So, Nick pulled up his arms, assumed a makeshift fighting stance, and started to punch and kick the air.
He wanted to get a feel for his new weapons.