CHAPTER-1
1 Chapter 1: Little Lingxu Peak

Xuandan Sect, Vermilion Bird Peak.
";Junior Brother Han Yi, the sect rules are clear. There are only ten days left until the deadline for your courtyard at Little Lingxu Peak. I think you should start making arrangements. After these ten days, if you still haven't completed your sect mission and reached the required points, you'll have to leave the mountain.";
";Furthermore, I would like to remind you that points cannot be transferred privately. You must complete the sect missions. Moreover, you cannot fake any tasks. If you are discovered, the least severe punishment is the abolition of your spiritual root and expulsion from the sect, but the most severe punishment might cost you your life.";
";Sigh, I can give you a tip. I heard that at Little Raging Fire Peak, Elder Luo Qi needs a group of alchemists to test pills. Just today, they published the mission, offering generous rewards that should be sufficient for you to complete your task.";
";However, this task is extremely dangerous, and as an alchemist, I am sure you are well aware of the risks involved. You should think it over carefully. As far as my authority goes, this is the most suitable solution I could find for you right now.";
";Well, you can go now.";

After leaving the Great Hall, Han Yi seemed dazed. As a cold wind blew, he shuddered and immediately came back to his senses.
First, he looked back at the busy sect administration hall that was crowded with people coming and going, spanning a vast area.
Then, he looked ahead and shuddered again, his eyes widening.
In front of him was a vast sea of clouds where spiritual cranes frolicked. Occasionally, cultivators would fly by with their swords, radiating the aura of immortals.
Han Yi pinched his thigh hard, feeling a sour pain that made him grit his teeth.
";This is not a dream.";
";I actually crossed over, and the memories in my mind were not my fictional novel's outline, but the reality?";
";Hiss!";
Before Han Yi had time to think, a voice sounded behind him.
";Han Yi, that was quick. What did Senior Brother Guan say?";
Han Yi turned around and saw a young man in a gray robe similar to his own standing behind him. The young man had dark skin, and his teeth seemed to shine white.
A name floated into Han Yi's mind: Zheng Hai.
";Why are you just standing there? Say something. We need some accurate information. Senior Brother Guan used to take good care of us, so he might be willing to help.";
The dark-skinned young man, Zheng Hai, asked anxiously.
Han Yi composed himself. By now, he had mostly digested the memories in his mind and connected them with what had just happened in the administration hall. He immediately understood what was going on.
He shook his head, his face showing a hint of helplessness.
";Senior Brother Guan said that this is a sect rule, and nobody can bend it.";
";But he did point me towards a method.";
";What method?"; Zheng Hai's eyes lit up, and his face showed excitement: ";I knew it. Senior Brother Guan must have a way.";
";At Little Raging Fire Peak, Elder Luo Qi needs a group of sect disciples to test pills with their bodies. The rewards are generous, and I should be able to meet my requirements.";
Zheng Hai hesitated for a moment, and then his face changed.
";No way, absolutely not.";
";Testing pills with your body is too dangerous. I've heard that only two out of ten people can come out unscathed, and the rest would suffer a terrible fate.";
Han Yi furrowed his brows, then relaxed.
He took a deep breath and said slowly, ";Nevermind, I'll think of another way.";

The Xuandan Sect is located in the Xuandan Mountain Range and is a sect within the Shu State territory of the Daqian Immortal Country.
The sect covers a vast area. In addition to the main peak, Xuandan Peak, there are nine Inner Peaks. The Vermilion Bird Peak, which Han Yi visited earlier, is one of these nine peaks. Additionally, there are over a hundred Outer Peaks.
Little Lingxu Peak is one of the many Outer Peaks.
As Han Yi entered his courtyard at Little Lingxu Peak, he felt a sense of peace and let out an imperceptible sigh of relief.
This was the most familiar place in his memory, and this sense of relaxation belonged to his current body.
He sat down in a quiet chamber where he usually practiced and began to sort out his thoughts.
It was undeniable that he had crossed over.
However, there were many mysteries and unresolved issues in this process.
He only remembered falling asleep deeply and then waking up in the administration hall of Vermilion Bird Peak in Xuandan Sect.
Luckily, his memory fusion had put him in a dazed state, which had slowed down his reaction.
Causing a scene would have been the least of his concerns, but attracting unwanted attention could have led to disaster. In the Cultivation World, making someone reveal the truth was quite easy, not to mention the existence of soul-searching methods.
The reason he went to Vermilion Bird Peak today was because his courtyard's lease was about to expire. To be more accurate, his residency rights within the sect were to be revoked in ten days due to insufficient points.
It was said that Xuandan Sect had 100,000 outer disciples and over 1,000 inner disciples.
Inner and outer disciples were mainly distinguished by their cultivation realm.
Low and middle-stage Qi cultivators were considered outer disciples, while those in the Late Stage of Qi Cultivation (above the seventh level) were considered inner disciples. Only inner disciples could reside in the nine Inner Peaks and enjoy the benefits of the Inner Peak's spiritual veins.
As for outer disciples, they reside in the outer peaks, where the spiritual veins are first and second-stage, far inferior to the third and fourth-stage spiritual veins of the inner peaks.
Furthermore, according to the sect's regulations, outer disciples must complete one hundred sect tasks and accumulate points each year to maintain their residence rights.
Of course, these one hundred points do not belong to the sect.
They still belong to the outer disciples and can be used to purchase treasures, pills, and so on within the sect.
The purpose of setting up these one hundred points is to ensure that outer disciples participate in sect affairs rather than occupying resources without contributing.
After all, the first and second-stage spiritual veins are still spiritual veins; they can support low-level cultivation families in other parts of Shu State.
Han Yi, on the other hand, was looking for his familiar senior brother Guan Di because his accumulated points had yet to be reached before the deadline approached, and he was looking for any possible leniency.
However, for some reason, the original soul in the Great Hall had dissipated, and he had transmigrated into this body.
As for the other young man outside the Great Hall, Zheng Hai, he was considered a good friend. According to Han Yi's memories, the two had joined the Xuandan Sect together, and their relationship had always been good.
But unlike Han Yi's predicament, Zheng Hai had no such worries. His alchemy skills were far better than Han Yi's, so he easily met the sect's minimum point requirements.
However, since points couldn't be transferred, even if Zheng Hai had extra points, it would be of no avail to Han Yi.
";My current identity is: Daqian Immortal Country, Shu State, Xuandan Sect, Little Lingxu Peak, outer disciple.
The current predicament is: Insufficient points, facing the possibility of losing residence.
According to the memories, as per the sect's rules, if one fails to meet the minimum point requirement, there are two options after the residence is reclaimed.
The first option is to retain the status of an outer disciple and be assigned to work in the sect's industries outside the mountain. For the next ten years, one can apply for assessments every year. The difficulty of these assessments will be higher than the tasks that require one hundred points. If one still fails the assessment after ten years, their status as an outer disciple is automatically lost, and they no longer have any connection to the sect.
The second option is to voluntarily relinquish the identity of an outer disciple, leave the mountain, and arrange for one's livelihood.
In his memories, most senior brothers who couldn't accumulate enough points would choose the first option reluctantly. However, after three to five years, they would realize their own limitations and apply to change to the second option.
For them, as well as for myself, returning to the sect after passing the assessment is too difficult.
Difficult, difficult, difficult.
Therefore, I must try my best to stay on the mountain.
At present, my only means is alchemy.
And I am just a fledgling alchemist. Even if I give it my all, it's difficult to complete the one-hundred-point task in ten days.
Do I really have to test pills with my body?
No, I'm not that stupid. The risk is too high, and I don't want to become disabled as soon as I transmigrate.
Even if my residence is reclaimed, there will still be opportunities.
As long as I am alive, there will always be opportunities.";
Han Yi sorted out his situation and predicament internally.
In his previous life as an engineer, what he was best at was identifying problems and finding the best solution.
";There are always more solutions than problems.";
";Nevermind, let's sleep on it and figure it out tomorrow.";
When he couldn't find a solution, he would clear his thoughts, shift his focus, and then look back at the problem from a different angle to find new ideas.
This was his thinking habit from his previous life.
Located beneath Little Lingxu Peak is a second-stage spirit vein with a high concentration of spiritual energy. The courtyard, built on the peak, benefits from the spirit vein's nourishment, making it perpetually spring-like, and Han Yi feels comfortable all over.
He got up and turned to go to the bedroom, but hesitated, frowning. Reaching forward, he groped at the void in front of him, but came up empty-handed.
";What is this?";
In his field of vision, a fiery red line slowly moved from left to right.
However, when he touched the space in front of him, there was nothing there.
In less than three breaths, the fiery red line reached the far right, flashed three times, then disappeared without a trace.
Just as Han Yi thought it was an illusion.
Whoosh!
A semi-transparent panel appeared before Han Yi's eyes.
Name: Han Yi
Lifespan: 21/87
Realm: Late Stage of Qi Cultivation (14/100)
Technique: Fire Profound Skill (Beginner 23/100)
Skills:
Alchemy Skill (Beginner 82/100)
Spirit Void Finger (Beginner 29/100)


CHAPTER-2
2 Chapter 2: Work Manual

In front of his eyes, a transparent illusory panel floated in the void.
The text within the panel was light red and the font was small, but miraculously, he understood all the information just by scanning it.
Han Yi was slightly startled.
";Isn't this my work manual?";
The model and font color of this panel were exactly the same as the work manual he had written in Python to record his work progress in his previous life.
The difference was:
In his previous life, the small tool he programmed recorded the progress of various projects at work.
But, the illusory semi-transparent panel floating in front of him now was a three-dimensional presentation of his current situation.
";Life span of 87 years, at the Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating realm, cultivated the basic cultivation skill Fire Profound Skill' as an outer disciple of Xuandan Sect.
Skills include Alchemy Skill and Spirit Void Finger.
Alchemy Skill has been practiced for three years, but still only at the initial stage.
Spirit Void Finger was the magic skill he learned when he first joined Little Lingxu Peak, but he only learned the basics.
The term entry-level' is used for cultivation skills, and just started learning' is used for abilities. Does this mean that they belong to different progression routes?";
Han Yi's eyes brightened, and at that moment, he didn't feel sleepy at all.
Subconsciously, he felt that the panel that came with him through the process of crossing over was the key to breaking the current predicament.
Unfortunately,
Half an hour later, Han Yi exhaled a long breath, his brows furrowed, and his expression unwilling.
";It's just a data panel that records the current life span, cultivation skills, and abilities. There are no other functions.";
";It can't communicate, and there is no manual.";
";This is unscientific.";
Han Yi returned to his meditation room.
On the wall of the meditation room, a landscape painting was hung. In the painting, a sword immortal with immortal wind and Dao bones was controlling a sword.
From his memory, this was purchased when he discovered his own spiritual root and joined the Xuandan Sect, in a market at the outer peak.
It was said that the sword immortal in the painting was the current sect leader of Xuandan Sect.
At that time, when he had just set foot on the Immortal Path, he had a surge of ambition and spent five taels of Spirit Sand to buy it, only to later discover that it was just an ordinary painting with no divine wonders, and Zheng Hai had made fun of him for a long time about it.
Spirit Sand is a smaller unit than Spirit Stone. Although both are excavated from spirit stone veins, spirit stones are in block form, while spirit sands are in granular form, like quicksand, and contain less pure spiritual energy than spirit stones.
One standard-quality low-grade Spirit Stone is equivalent to 10 taels, or one catty of Spirit Sand.
From his memory, the original owner had spent countless days and nights in cultivation, facing this painting as a goal to motivate himself.
At this moment, Han Yi instinctively sat on his cultivation cushion, facing the painting. He took a deep breath and calmed down.
";Work manual, work manual, how can I use this manual to solve the current predicament?";
Although Han Yi's face was calm, seemingly unconcerned,
His inner heart was not calm at all. He just understood that panic could not solve the predicament, but only make the situation worse. In any situation, staying composed was the way to find the optimal solution.
Moreover, he didn't want to be expelled from the mountain immediately after crossing over.
The Cultivation World was not peaceful. Cultivation focused on wealth', partnership', techniques', and place.'.
Among them, wealth was divided into internal and external wealth. External wealth referred to the resources for cultivation, such as Spirit Stone, pill, and natural treasures. Internal wealth referred to the aptitude for cultivation, including Spiritual Root, comprehension, and talent.
Partnership refers to Dao partners. Dao partners are those who protect the Dao. There are broad and narrow meanings in Dao partners. Broadly speaking, Dao partners refer to fellow practitioners, including sect brothers, masters, and disciples. Narrowly speaking, Dao partners are male and female cultivators who support each other on the way of cultivation.
Techniques refer to the Dao' and the Techniques' themselves. Dao is the core principle of cultivation, the root of cultivation, and the Techniques refer to the ways of Dao, such as talismans, alchemy, Sword Way, etc.
Place refers to the Daoist site. Some people dwell in the deep mountains to understand the secrets of eternal life; some establish sects and accept large numbers of disciples. No matter if it's the deep mountains or sects, both are Daoist sites.
In the Xuandan Sect, Han Yi's most intuitive understanding of place' was the Spirit Vein.
If he were expelled from the mountain and lost the Second-stage Spiritual Vein, his future cultivation would become even more challenging, and it would be challenging to re-enter the peak.
Han Yi closed his eyes, cleared his thoughts, and after a quarter of an hour, reopened his eyes.
";Let's put aside the panel for now and get familiar with the current skills first.";
Han Yi did not directly start cultivating because he only had a low-grade Fire Spirit Root.
After joining the Xuandan Sect for three years, he had only cultivated from the Early Qi Cultivation stage to the Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating. It was understandably challenging for him to walk the path of cultivation.
In fact, it wasn't just him. Out of the 100,000 outer disciples of the Xuandan Sect, at least 80,000 were in the Early Qi Cultivating stage. The higher the stage, the more the pyramid structure appeared.
For Han Yi, breaking through to the third stage of Qi Cultivating wouldn't be possible in a short period.
To break the deadlock, he had to focus on his skills.
There were several mainstream skills in the world of cultivation, such as alchemy, weapon refining, formations, and talismans.
Fortunately, Han Yi was an Alchemist. Although his Alchemy Skill only seemed to be at the novice stage according to the panel, it was still a skill nonetheless.
Just like in his previous life as an engineer, having a skill made him fearless wherever he went.
However, when Han Yi entered the Alchemy Room and took out the storage bag tied to his waist, infusing it with his mana, and seeing what was inside, his face froze.
He gently waved his hand to take out everything from the storage bag.
The largest item was an ancient bronze six-sided pill furnace.
Although it was a lower-grade pill furnace, it was the most valuable item on his person.
There were more than a dozen transparent jade boxes containing spiritual grass and medicine.
Piles of neatly stacked Spirit Coal, which was needed by low-level Alchemists during pill refining.
About twenty taels of Spirit Sand and three low-grade Spirit Stones.
A large bottle of Grain Avoiding Pills.
Besides those, there were some miscellaneous items for daily living.
";What an unfavorable starting situation.";
Han Yi sighed.
From his memory, he had used up several precious herbs in refining Nurturing Qi Pills a few days ago.
He could refine only four types of pills, the highest quality of which was the Nurturing Qi Pill, but unfortunately, he had only succeeded in refining it once in the past three years.
Nurturing Qi Pills were useful for cultivators at the Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating, and they were popular in the Xuandan Sect.
Refining a single Nurturing Qi Pill could earn him ten sect points. A furnace of Nurturing Qi Pills contained about ten pills, which would be enough to complete the sect's task.
The original owner gambled heavily on Nurturing Qi Pills, but unfortunately, he failed in the end.
Aside from Nurturing Qi Pills, the other three types of pills he could refine were Rejuvenation Pills, Expel the Epidemic Powder, and Nourishing Beast Pills.
Rejuvenation Pill, as the name implies, can boost one's spirit. For cultivators at the Early Qi Cultivation stage, taking a Rejuvenation Pill during cultivation can slightly increase the efficiency, even though the effect is not very significant, but it's better than nothing.
Unfortunately, once one reaches the Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating, the Rejuvenation Pill's effectiveness wears off.
A single Rejuvenation Pill can be exchanged for five sect points, and a furnace can refine anywhere from two to four Rejuvenation Pills.
As for the Expel the Epidemic Powder, it's a medicinal pill for treating illnesses. In the secular world, it is considered a miraculous pill, but in the cultivation world, it is barely useful. A bottle of Expel the Epidemic Powder can only get one sect point, making it almost worthless.
The Nourishing Beast Pill, on the other hand, is a medicinal pill used to feed spiritual beasts, and can be supplemented with various flavors and ingredients to boost their appetite.
This is also a low-cost pill, and like the Expel the Epidemic Powder, a bottle of Nourishing Beast Pill can only get one sect point.
Of course, the pills mentioned above are all of average quality. If the quality increases, the points will change accordingly.
From what Han Yi remembered, in this world, pill quality is divided into ordinary, standard, flawless, perfect, pill rune, and immortal pill.
For the outer disciples of the Xuandan Sect, the pills they refine are of average quality.
Only inner disciples or alchemists at the Foundation Establishment stage can refine standard quality pills.
As for the higher quality, Han Yi does not have the knowledge to understand.
Moreover, in terms of success rate, Han Yi's alchemy skill is just beginning, refining the most ordinary Expel the Epidemic Powder and Nourishing Beast Pill only has a 50% success rate, and the Rejuvenation Pill has only a 30% success rate.
As for refining Nurturing Qi Pills, he has only succeeded once, so it's hard to say what his success rate is.
";Forget it, let's start by getting familiar with alchemy first, starting with the simplest Expel the Epidemic Powder.";
Even though he inherited the memories, he was worried that his original skills might not transfer to his new body.
As expected, bad luck followed him.
An hour later.
Bang!
The bronze pill furnace shook violently, with a wisp of black smoke slowly emerging from the exhaust vent at the top.
A few spirit coals underneath the furnace were also shattered and splattered onto Han Yi's face, leaving a few solid black lines on it.
The black lines were darker than his inner heart.
";Damn, even this can cause an explosion.";
He took a deep breath, forcing himself to remain composed.
";The output of spiritual energy was interrupted for a moment during the process.";
";The spirit fire from the spirit coal burned too fiercely, causing the furnace to overheat and explode.";
";Let's try again, I refuse to believe I can't even refine Expel the Epidemic Powder.";
Han Yi wiped his face, stood up, took new materials, and continued to refine the pills.
Another hour later.
Bang.
The furnace exploded again.
Two hours later.
Bang.
Another explosion.
Three hours later.
With a whiff of medicinal aroma wafting out from the pill furnace, black sand-like Expel the Epidemic Powder' was poured into a jade bottle he had prepared earlier through Han Yi's spiritual energy guidance.
Whew!
Han Yi exhaled a breath and wiped the cold sweat from his forehead.
";That wasn't easy, it took four attempts to succeed.";
";However, with this success rate or even a 50% success rate recovery, I won't be able to refine a hundred bottles of Expel the Epidemic Powder in a month.";
";Not to mention, I don't have enough materials to refine that many.";
";I need to figure out another way.";
Han Yi's thoughts flickered, as a virtual panel appeared before his eyes.
He glanced at the second skill unconsciously, the Spirit Void Finger.
What could the Spirit Void Finger do, he couldn't help but wonder.
Just then.
He had a thought and shifted his gaze back to the panel, focusing on the first skill.
Alchemy Skill (Novice 84/100)
";84% progress?
No, my memory can't be wrong. The progress was clearly 82% before.";
What happened?
Calm down.
Extract the phenomenon and analyze the essence.
The phenomenon is that after refining four furnaces of pills, my alchemy skill at the novice stage has increased from 82% to 84%.
Just looking at this phenomenon alone,
this is definitely not a normal rate of progress. Otherwise, with the many furnaces I refined in the past three years, why am I still at the novice stage?
There's a problem.
So, what's the essence of it?";
Han Yi furrowed his brows, his eyes calm, and his mind racing.
A moment later, he emptied his thoughts once again, and then refilled them with the phenomenon he had just experienced.
";The dataset is too small; forcing an analysis might lead to an incorrect or biased conclusion.";
";Nevermind, I'll just focus on the phenomenon for now.";
With 84% progress, I'm not far from 100%.";
If I can cross 100%, that means my alchemy skill will advance to a new level.";
At that point, refining Rejuvenation Pills, or even Nurturing Qi Pills will definitely increase my success rate.";
At this thought,
Han Yi's eyes lit up.
";There is always a way out.";
";This is the key to breaking the deadlock.";


CHAPTER-3
3 Chapter 3: Glimpse of the Gateway

";Don't rush, calm down.";
Han Yi took a deep breath and checked all the spiritual medicines and herbs that were poured out of his storage bag.
A moment later, he frowned again.
";With the materials on hand, even without accounting for the success rate, just in terms of materials, I can only refine about two furnaces of Rejuvenation Pills, sixteen furnaces of Expel the Epidemic Powder, and twenty furnaces of Nourishing Beast Pills.";
";Even if I really improve my Alchemy Skill to a new level, there won't be much material left to refine a hundred points' worth of pills.";
";Forget it, overthinking is useless. Let's take it one step at a time.";
Han Yi prepared to continue refining pills, striving to raise his Alchemy Skill to a new level.
However, before he resumed refining, he needed to first recover his spiritual power. Having continuously refined four furnaces of pills, his originally weak spiritual power was already exhausted.
He took two taels of Spirit Sand, held it in his hand, closed his eyes, and began to circulate his Fire Profound Skill to recover his spiritual power.
In the courtyard, thanks to the Spirit Vein of Little Lingxu Peak, the concentration of Spirit Energy wasn't low. Adding the Spirit Sand in his hand, it only took half an hour for Han Yi to open his eyes again.
";Phew, this feeling is really refreshing.
Unfortunately, Spirit Sand isn't durable. Two taels of Spirit Sand, when used at full power, can only support me for half an hour.
In his memory, the original owner was unwilling to use Spirit Sand for cultivation, let alone Spirit Stones.
No wonder his realm was so low.
With a low-grade Spiritual Root, the environment outside the peak and an unwillingness to use Spirit Sand and Spirit Stones, it took him three years just to cultivate from the beginning to the second level of Qi Refinement.";
After recovering his spiritual power, Han Yi took a Grain Avoiding Pill and continued refining pills.
He was still refining Expel the Epidemic Powder.
Refining pills, recovering spiritual power, taking Grain Avoiding Pills, meditating, cultivating, refining pills again, recovering spiritual power again, taking Grain Avoiding Pills again
The cycle repeated continuously.
Time passed quickly in the process of refining pills and cultivation.
Han Yi was fully focused and immersed in the process.
At some point.
In the quiet room, when he reached for the herbs to continue refining pills, he found only a pile of open jade boxes with a few scattered auxiliary materials inside.
The original twenty taels of Spirit Sand and three lower-grade Spirit Stones had also been completely consumed.
";Done refining?";
When he realized that the refining had come to an end, Han Yi took a long breath.
His body was tired, but his mind was extremely excited.
He looked at the jade bottles placed on the other side, his inner heart bursting with satisfaction.
";Two bottles of Rejuvenation Pills, twelve bottles of Expel the Epidemic Powder, and twelve bottles of Nourishing Beast Pills.";
He then looked at the illusory panel in front of him.
Name: Han Yi
Life Span: 21/87
Realm: Qi Refinement Second Layer (19/100)
Cultivation Method: Fire Profound Skill (Entry Level, 29/100)
Skills:
Alchemy Skill (Beginner Level 11/100)
Spirit Void Finger (First Practice 29/100)
";The progress of the Qi Refinement Second Layer has advanced from 14/100 to 19/100, which should be attributed to the Spirit Sand and Spirit Stones.
This cultivation speed is truly slow.
Fire Profound Skill has advanced from Entry Level 23/100 to Entry Level 29/100, an improvement of 6 points, which is better than nothing.
The biggest change is";
Han Yi looked at the skill column, and saw that the original Alchemy Skill' which was First Time Learning 82/100' had become Beginner Level 11/100'.
Clearly.
In terms of skills, the next stage after First Time Learning' is Beginner Level'.
In fact, after refining twelve furnaces of Expel the Epidemic Powder and fifteen furnaces of Nourishing Beast Pills, Han Yi's Alchemy Skill had already broken through to the Beginner Level'.
Before the breakthrough, his success rate for refining Nourishing Beast Pills and Expel the Epidemic Powder was only about fifty percent, similar to the original owner.
After the breakthrough, his success rate for refining Nourishing Beast Pills this time reached one hundred percent, while he only failed once in refining Expel the Epidemic Powder.
As for the Rejuvenation Pills he valued the most, both furnaces were successful, although the success rate was not high, and there were only five pills in total.
Nevertheless, compared to his previous success rate of only thirty percent in refining Rejuvenation Pills, this was a significant improvement.
";This rapid improvement is definitely different from the original owner.
The original owner took three years to refine so many furnaces of pills, and his progress was slow. My improvement in alchemy over the past few days is far beyond that of before.
The root of this lies in the work manual brought with me when I transmigrated.";
So, it's only with this manual panel that I can see the progress of my skills.
Well, let's call this panel the Progress Panel?
No, that's not right.
Progress Panel doesn't really capture its characteristics.
This is something that as long as I practice and put in effort, I'll become more and more proficient in certain skills.
Proficient, proficient, with this panel, all skills will become more proficient.
Let's call it the Proficiency Panel then.
Also
Two Rejuvenation Pills, twelve Expel the Epidemic Powders, twelve Nourishing Beast Pills, all together can be exchanged for 49 sect points.
Although it's not enough.
But if I exchange these pills for points and buy more herbs, with my current Alchemy Skill after the breakthrough, reaching 100 points is just a matter of time.";
At this moment, Han Yi finally breathed a sigh of relief.
It's like in his previous life, he had a skill that ensured he would always have a place in the world.
Han Yi put the refined pills into his storage bag, stood up and stretched, then walked out of his residence to head towards Vermilion Bird Peak to exchange pills for points and buy enough herbs.
But when he walked out of his residence, he ran into Zheng Hai who was hurrying over.
";Han Yi, why are you just coming out? I was so worried.";
";I came here seven or eight times and couldn't find you every time. I almost went to the Law Enforcement Hall to see if you couldn't stand it and hung yourself in the courtyard.";
Zheng Hai looked helpless.
";Don't worry, what do you need me for?";
Han Yi frowned, feeling as if he had overlooked something.
";What's the matter?";
";It's been twelve days, and you're strolling around like nothing has happened.";
";I had thought of several methods to see if they could be implemented, but now that the ten-day deadline has passed, it's even more troublesome.";
As soon as Zheng Hai's words fell, Han Yi's eyes instantly widened.
He just remembered what he had overlooked.
Time.
It had already been twelve days.
But it felt to him like only four or five days had passed.
However, with a shift of thoughts, he knew where the problem had arisen.
When he was in the quiet room, in addition to using Spirit Sand and Spirit Stones to quickly recover his spiritual energy, he would occasionally calm his mind and rely on the second-stage Spiritual Vein of Little Lingxu Peak, which provided the Spirit Energy, to practice the Fire Profound Skill.
He could manage the time spent refining pills.
But once practicing the Profound Skill, with his mind immersed in it, time was not controllable.
He might have felt that he had closed his eyes and practiced for a short while, feeling that only half an hour had passed.
However, in reality, it had already been half a day.
There's no time in cultivation' is not an empty phrase.
Actually.
Generally, cultivators will intentionally leave a reminder before practicing, alerting themselves to snap out of it, rather than being immersed in cultivation.
But after Han Yi had transmigrated, in his consciousness, this was his first time cultivating, and he did not have this concept yet.
That's what led to the time discrepancy this time.
Moreover.
In the Xuandan Sect, whether it was the Inner Peak or the Outer Peak, all disciples' residences had a courtyard formation that served to protect the residence owner from being disturbed by other disciples while practicing, preventing them from losing their focus and possibly causing them to go berserk.
During these twelve days, Zheng Hai had come seven or eight times, but he couldn't enter Han Yi's courtyard, which had made him quite anxious.
";You";
";Ah, never mind, what's done is done, it's useless to say more. Just go to Vermilion Bird Peak and settle your points, or else the Law Enforcement Hall will intervene, and you'll have to bear some punishment.";
Zheng Hai left, and although he was frustrated with Han Yi, he still comforted him after calming down, saying that he would work together to find a way to help Han Yi pass the sect test one year later.
From Zheng Hai's eyes, Han Yi could see his anger at his lack of defiance.'
But having such a companion, Han Yi felt very satisfied.
His heart wasn't as disheartened as Zheng Hai's.
";Forget it, since it's already a fact, let's just go down the mountain.";
";My Alchemy Skill has broken through, so passing the sect test shouldn't be difficult for me.";
What's already done can't be undone, even if he regretted it.
Han Yi composed himself and set off for Vermilion Bird Peak once again.


CHAPTER-4
4 Chapter 4: Mysterious Fire Pill Shop

Three days later.
At the outskirts of the Xuandan Mountain Range, Han Yi bid farewell to Zheng Hai, preparing to descend the mountain.
";Han Yi, don't be discouraged, at least, Elder Brother Guan chose a good position for you.";
";The Xuanhuo Pill Shop is a second-tier signboard of the sect outside, you can still accept alchemy tasks there, which is beneficial for your Alchemy Skill.";
";If your Alchemy Skill breaks through, you can easily return to the sect next year.";
Zheng Hai sighed inwardly but forced a calm expression on his face to encourage Han Yi.
";Don't worry, your words are enough.";
";I believe I'll return.";
Han Yi nodded firmly.
He did not intend to tell Zheng Hai about his breakthrough in Alchemy Skill to the Entry Threshold' level.
Although Zheng Hai was his first friend in this world.
However, some secrets, not telling friends, is the best practice for both parties.
Moreover, one cannot fathom a person's mind.
Having worked in the professional world for so many years in his past life, Han Yi had seen too many stories of friendship turning into hatred.
After bidding farewell to Zheng Hai, Han Yi descended the mountain on his own, heading straight for Mengshan City.
Three days ago.
When he went to Vermilion Bird City and saw Guan Di again, Guan Di could only helplessly tell him that the time limit had passed and according to the rules of the sect, his accommodation would be reclaimed.
Afterwards, Guan Di arranged a job for him in a sect-run pill shop in Mengshan City in the capacity of an external disciple, assisting the shopkeeper.
Guan Di was at the sixth level of Qi Cultivation, only one step away from becoming an inner disciple. Thanks to his uncle who was an outer door deacon, he was able to manage the Great Hall as a minor steward.
He needed to prepare for breaking through to the late stage of Qi Cultivation and couldn't always help Han Yi and Zheng Hai, doing this much was already quite challenging.
Han Yi sincerely thanked him.

Daqian Immortal Country, occupying Qian and Shu regions.
It has thirty-three counties in the Qian and Shu regions, with twenty in Qianzhou and thirteen in Shu State.
Shu State is steep, with as many as nine mountain ranges.
The Xuandan Mountain Range spans the Taibai and Nanyang, and Luofeng counties of Shu State.
As the ruler of the Xuandan Mountain Range with dozens of Master Golden Core preserving, the Xuandan Sect is only second to the country's two saints and three great sects in Daqian Immortal Country.
One country, of course, refers to the Daqian Immortal Country which is guarded by a powerful Spirit Transformation stage cultivator.
Two saints refer to places of Immortal Path which also possess the Spirit Transformation stage and whose strength is not inferior to the Immortal Country.
Three great sects refer to the three large sects that have in their sect the existence of cultivators at the Nascent Soul level.
Therefore, as long as it doesn't provoke these six forces that have above Nascent Soul level powerhouses, Xuandan Sect has no concern of being exterminated.
These messages.
Were sorted out from the memories in Han Yi's mind.
Growing under a big tree includes the protection of its shade. Although the Xuandan Sect is not the biggest one, it is enough to protect his safety.
Of course, Han Yi did not want to miss such a big tree.
However, he didn't expect to stumble upon a blunder upon arrival.
But since it was a fait accompli, he didn't regret too much.
Mengshan City is a city in Nanyang County.
From his memories, he was not unfamiliar with this city, because he came from Mengshan City, it was his hometown.
But his background was not good, although Mengshan City was his hometown, he had no relatives or family there.
In other words, he had no entanglements in Mengshan City.
Therefore, he went directly to the place the sect had arranged for him.
As a major sect focusing on alchemy, the Xuandan Sect has established two types of pill shops, Xuanxian Pill Shop and Xuanhuo Pill Shop in Daqian Immortal Country.
Xuanxian is a first-tier shop, mainly serving cultivators above the foundation building stage.
Xuanhuo is a second-tier shop, mainly serving Qi Cultivation Stage cultivators.
In Taibai, Nanyang, and Luofeng Counties, each city has a Xuanxian Pill Shop and a Xuanhuo Pill Shop.
Aside from these three counties, in the Qian and Shu regions, the other thirty counties' capital cities have similar settings.
It can be said.
The Xuandan Sect holds at least 30% of the pill market in the entire Daqian Immortal Country.
Mengshan City, Xuanhuo Pill Shop.
Han Yi, wearing a grey robe, entered it, showed his sect token to the shopkeeper at the counter.
The shopkeeper was about fifty years old, he did not look too elderly. At this age, his experience with pill identification was most plentiful, and it was unlikely for him to make a mistake due to lack of energy.
";So it's junior brother Han, welcome, welcome.";
The shopkeeper said warmly.
";May I ask how I should address you, Brother?"; Han Yi humbly asked, adhering to etiquette.
";I am Guan Sheng. Guan Di is a nephew of my family.";
";So, you are Uncle Master Guan.";
Han Yi quickly changed his address to show his closeness.
It seemed that Guan Di had made thoughtful arrangements for him here.
He accepted this gesture with gratitude.
The shopkeeper waved his hand.
";Sect's hierarchy should not be messed up, better call me Brother.";
Continuing on.
";I am the main shopkeeper of this Profound Fire Pill Shop and spend most of my time here.
There are a total of four alchemy assistants in the shop, including you.
Among them, like me, Jiang De is not an outer disciple. He spends all year here.
The other two, Xia Qingyi and Xiao Yi, like you, are outer disciples.";
By outer disciples', Guan Sheng meant the low-rank disciples who had their accommodation in the Outer Peaks temporarily revoked due to lack of points.
Though Xuandan Sect boasts of one hundred thousand outer disciples, many had their residences taken away because they lacked points every year.
Most of them lost the hope of returning to the sect after leaving the mountain.
A few of them met with some adventures, or broke through their realms or alchemy skills, thus getting the chance to return to the sect.
As Guan Sheng finished speaking, a tall, thin young man in his thirties stepped out from the outside.
The tall young man also wore the grey robe of the pill shop.
";Well, let me introduce, this is Jiang De.";
Guan Sheng said to Han Yi, then introduced Han Yi to the youth.
";This is junior brother Han Yi who just descended from the sect today.";
Jiang De, the tall and thin young man, glanced at Han Yi emotionlessly, nodded his head towards him but said nothing. He continued to move past Han Yi and head to the second floor of the pill shop.
A stinging burnt smell entered the nostrils.
It seemed like he had just botched the alchemy, Han Yi thought to himself.
";Brother Han, don't mind him. Brother Jiang De usually keeps to himself and rarely talks, even to me.";
Han Yi nodded, indicating his understanding.
Following this.
Guan Sheng led Han Yi through the layout of the Profound Fire Pill Shop, introducing him to the costs of the pills sold in the shop.
Finally, Guan Di took out a tiny silver dish the size of a palm.
";This is the array plate for a residence in the North City District.";
";According to sect rules, every assigned disciple gets a residence. If they wish to leave the sect or fortunately return to the sect, they must return the residence to the sect.";
First settle down, Brother Han.
As per the sect rules, you need to report to the pill shop every quarter. The next check-in timeah, quite conveniently, is just seven days from now.
By then, there will be some alchemy tasks available for you to choose from.
Make sure not to miss the time.";
";Thank you, Brother Guan.";
Han Yi took the array plate.
Then, Guan Sheng told him about other matters. After that, Han Yi turned around and left the pill shop.
After he left, the tall and thin young man, Jiang De, came down from the second floor. His eyes flickering, he said ominously.
";Master Guan, will this guy mess things up?";
";What we are doing cannot afford any mistakes. If we get exposed, it will not just be our problem, but our family, behind us, would face total disaster.";
";To be on the safe side, should I get rid of him just like before? After all, the sect wouldn't thoroughly investigate a lower rank outer disciple";
Jiang De's voice was low and there was a flash of veiled murderous intent in his eyes.
Guan Sheng shook his head and narrowed his eyes, ";Don't be hasty. Instead of killing him, I have a better idea.";
";What better idea?"; Jiang De asked, confused.
";Don't you think it'd be more plausible that a disciple who just had his outer peak spirit vein residency revoked and was assigned to the mountain, becomes greedy for spiritual medicine to breakthrough in alchemy, and finally gets caught and executed by us, thus eliminating a scourge for the sect?"; Guan Sheng's voice remained tranquil without wavering.
";I don't even believe this. Will the people from the Law Enforcement Hall believe it?"; Jiang De frowned deeply, puzzled.
";Don't worry about it. I naturally have a way to make them believe it."; Guan Sheng's tone was as calm as ever.

Han Yi was unaware of the conversation between Guan Sheng and Jiang De after he left.
At this moment, after leaving the Profound Fire Pill Shop, he infused a thread of magic power into the tiny silver dish in his hand. Instantly, a stream of information was fed back, guiding him how to proceed.
";Interesting, this is another art among the hundred arts of cultivation, the application of formations.";


CHAPTER-5
5 Chapter 5: Rapid Progress

In Mengshan City, North City District, inside a courtyard belonging to the Xuandan Sect.
Han Yi put the small silver disc ";array plate"; into his storage bag, a satisfied expression on his face.
With this array plate, he was the master of this courtyard.
This courtyard, not including the open-air backyard, had an inner area of over one hundred square meters, including a cultivation meditation room and two living bedrooms.
The backyard was equally spacious, and within it, an unknown variety of date tree was laden with red dates.
Next to the date tree, stone benches and tables were covered in fallen leaves and dust.
But Han Yi didn't mind at all.
After all, for a short period, this would be his home.
Returning to the meditation room, Han Yi first took out everything from his storage bag.
The largest item, a hexagonal copper pill furnace, was placed in the center of the meditation room, while the remaining alchemy and auxiliary materials were placed around it.
Before going down the mountain, he had exchanged his previously refined Rejuvenation Pills, Expel the Epidemic Powder, and Nourishing Beast Pills for points, and then used all these points to purchase herbs and Spirit Coal.
Moreover, all of the herbs were materials for refining the Nurturing Qi Pills, amounting to as many as eight sets.
";Now that my Alchemy Skill has reached the threshold, I wonder what my success rate will be in refining Nurturing Qi Pills,"; Han Yi thought expectantly.
At Little Lingxu Peak, after breaking through to a new level of alchemy skill,
His success rate in refining Expel the Epidemic Powder and Nourishing Beast Pills was close to 100%.
Although he had only practiced refining Rejuvenation Pills twice, both attempts were successful.
So, before going down the mountain, he gambled all his points to exchange for materials to refine Nurturing Qi Pills.
After organizing the materials, he did not immediately start refining the pills, but instead sat cross-legged to practice cultivation on the side.
Every Nurturing Qi Pill was critical to him, so it was crucial not to fail and to ensure he was in the best condition possible for refining.
Two hours later.
Han Yi opened his eyes, feeling the replenished mana in his body, but also a sense of helplessness.
His spiritual root belonged to the lower-grade Fire Spirit Root. The aptitude was just too poor.
It took a full two hours just to restore a little bit of mana.
If mana depletion was severe, the recovery time would undoubtedly be even more extended.
";Never mind, I'll refine the pills first, then sell them for Spirit Stones, use the Spirit Stones to buy alchemy materials, and cultivate, then refine pills again, sell them, and so on";
";Continuously cycling like this will make me wealthier.";
";With insufficient aptitude, I'll make up for it with Spirit Stones.";
Collecting all his thoughts, Han Yi began refining pills.
First, he sent a stream of mana into the hexagonal pill furnace.
Then, he carefully placed the measured Spirit Coal into the three entrances under the pill furnace. Following the steps, he threw the various herbs into the furnace one by one
As all the materials were fed into the furnace, Han Yi's expression grew more tense, his hands constantly feeding mana into the furnace.
His mind constantly sensed the changes in the materials inside the furnace, increasing or decreasing mana input to gradually merge the materials.
At some point.
Even though Han Yi's forehead was dripping with sweat due to nervousness, he felt a surge of joy in his heart.
The pill was about to be formed.
The very next second after this excitement took over his heart,
The sticky black substance in the pill furnace that had melted into one and was only a step away from forming a pill made a faint sound, as if a bubble had burst.
Pop!
Han Yi's face changed, but before he could do anything,
The black, sentient, wriggling substance in the furnace consecutively made pop-pop' sounds.
Then, regardless of the amount of mana he transferred, the wriggling black substance gradually softened and stopped responding.
Upon seeing this, Han Yi let go of his hands and heaved a long sigh.
";Failed.";
Then, he furrowed his brows and began reflecting on the process.
";The earlier steps were all correct; there wasn't a single mistake.";
";The problem lies in the later part.";
";There shouldn't be any issue with the materials, and the amount of Spirit Coal should also be correct. Throughout the entire process, my magic power never wavered . What could be the reason then?";
After thinking for a moment, Han Yi couldn't identify any obvious anomalies.
He looked at the workbook he had renamed the Proficiency Panel once more.
Alchemy Skill (Initial Glimpse of the Path 12/100)
";The progress from 11/100 to 12/100, even with a failed attempt, should have made a leap.";
";Never mind, the sample size isn't enough. Let's try another furnace.";
This time, it took a full six hours. Han Yi consumed a Grain Avoiding Pill during this period, and by evening, he eventually replenished his magic power.
If he had Spirit Stones, it would have taken only about two quarters of an hour.
If he used Spirit Sand, it would have taken an hour.
Even without Spirit Sand and Spirit Stones, if he was on the Little Lingxu Peak, with the Second-stage Spiritual Vein, it would take no more than four hours to recover.
It goes to show the importance of wealth and location in cultivation.
After regaining his magic power, Han Yi started to refine a second furnace of Nurturing Qi Pills.
A quarter of an hour later.
Dan Qi dispersed.
Han Yi looked at the translucent jade bottle in his hand, and his heart was filled with boundless joy.
";Success.";
In the jade bottle, there were eight white pills about the size of a fingernail.
Nurturing Qi Pills.
According to the sect's exchange rules, one Nurturing Qi Pill could be exchanged for ten points; this bottle meant eighty points.
If it weren't for the deadline having passed, Han Yi would only need to refine another furnace of Nurturing Qi Pills or two furnaces of Rejuvenation Pills to meet the requirement of one hundred points.
After rejoicing, Han Yi noticed that there was a change in the progress of the Proficiency Panel.
Alchemy Skill (Initial Glimpse of the Path 13/100)
Besides this minor change, he was more concerned about the differences between the two attempts.
";The order was identical, the movements were the same, and there were no subtle differences in the magic power, but one furnace succeeded while the other failed.";
";When refining failed, there was a change in progress, and when refining succeeded, there was also a change, but they were the same.";
";The reason behind this, after thinking about it, can only be attributed to the success rate.";
Refining pills is not a guaranteed success if all the steps are correct.
Success rate is a factor.
The so-called success rate refers to the probability of an alchemist successfully refining pills under the condition that there are no apparent minor mistakes.
This probability cannot be concluded with a small number of refining attempts; a certain scale of refining attempts is needed to deduce it.
Just like when Han Yi accidentally refined a furnace of Nurturing Qi Pills on Little Lingxu Peak.
Could it be said that his success rate for refining Nurturing Qi Pills was one hundred percent?
Of course not.
Because all of his subsequent attempts to refine Nurturing Qi Pills failed.
With his Alchemy Skills at the time, the probability of his success in refining Nurturing Qi Pills was actually less than ten percent.
";I wonder what the success rate is for my Nurturing Qi Pills now.";
At this moment, it was getting late. Having eaten a Grain Avoiding Pill earlier, Han Yi didn't feel hungry.
He still picked some red dates from the backyard to eat, rested for an hour, and then immersed himself in cultivation again.

Days passed like a flash.
This time, Han Yi paid attention and didn't close his mind completely like he did during the first cultivation. Before each magic power recovery, he added an extra thought, so that when his magic power was fully recovered, he could regain consciousness.
At this moment.
In the quiet chamber, the materials for eight sets of Nurturing Qi Pills had disappeared, replaced by three bottles of finished Nurturing Qi Pills.
Although they were just ordinary quality Nurturing Qi Pills, they were already a considerable wealth for Han Yi.
";Three successful furnaces  eight pills in the first, ten in the second, and another eight in the third.";
";A total of twenty-six pills.";
";I've made a fortune.";


CHAPTER-6
6 Chapter 6: The Immortal Path is Promising

Han Yi revealed a relieved smile.
";Just counting these eight attempts at alchemy, my success rate in refining Nurturing Qi Pills is now nearly 40%.";
Han Yi contentedly put the three bottles of Nurturing Qi Pills into his storage bag, got up, and walked out of the quiet room to the backyard.
";In two days, it will be time for the regular report. I'll sell the Nurturing Qi Pills to Guan Sheng for spirit stones and buy enough materials.
I'll repeat this process.
No need to worry about running out of spirit stones for cultivation.";
For the past five days, Han Yi had not had any spirit stones to cultivate, so he had come to appreciate the importance of spirit veins in his courtyard.
That was why he eagerly hoped to return to Little Lingxu Peak.
Next, he looked at the Proficiency Panel.
Name: Han Yi
Lifespan: 21/87
Realm: Qi Cultivating Second Layer (19/100)
Cultivation Method: Fire Profound Skill (Entry Level 31/100)
Skills:
Alchemy Skill (Beginner 21/100)
Spirit Void Finger (Novice 29/100)
";Not bad, the Alchemy Skill is progressing quickly.
Unfortunately, the Qi Cultivating Second Layer remains static, and even the cultivation method's progress is as slow as a snail crawl.
Cultivation is indeed a difficult problem, so I have to find a way to acquire more spirit stones.
Right, I also have my second skill.";
As soon as he stepped into the backyard, Han Yi focused his gaze on the second skill listed on the Proficiency Panel.
Spirit Void Finger.
The Alchemy Skill had not disappointed him.
So what about the Spirit Void Finger?
With this thought in mind, Han Yi slightly raised his head, and with a quick flick of his right hand, his thumb pressed against his index finger. When he reached the end of the swing
Pop!
A soft snapping sound suddenly swept past.
About six meters away, the nearest red date on the tree in the courtyard burst open with a plop'.
Han Yi shook his head.
";Weak, way too weak.
The current power of the Spirit Void Finger is akin to an adult throwing a small stone the size of a fingernail with all their strength.
It might cause a severe head injury to an ordinary person, but when meeting a Cultivator, even at the first layer of Qi Cultivating, it wouldn't even scratch the surface.";
Spirit Void Finger was a common magic skill in Spirit Void Peak.
The principle behind it was quite simple  it compressed the internal magic power into a specific, concentrated release at the tip of the finger, then shot it out. The speed was very fast, and upon impact, the compressed energy exploded, causing damage.
The simple principle indicated that the upper limit of this skill's power was not high.
Although many lower-level disciples in the outer door cultivated it, once they reached the middle stage of Qi Cultivating, few continued to practice it.
For Han Yi, however, this was his only skill capable of generating power at the moment.
With no other choice.
He decided to cultivate it.
Pop! Pop! Pop!
In the backyard, Han Yi practiced the Spirit Void Finger, one hand at a time.
Then, finding it unfulfilling, he used both hands simultaneously  not just the middle fingers, but all ten.
His magic power surged like a tidal wave, and his fingers moved like a raging storm.
The more he practiced, the smoother the skill became.
With each attempt, he made slight adjustments to his previous form, changing the force exertion, the amount of power, and the compression strength.
In just half an hour, the fruit-laden date tree had been stripped of nearly half its bounty.
Behind the tree, the courtyard wall and ground were covered in red date paste, and a sweet aroma filled the air.
Han Yi stopped practicing, his breath slightly turbulent.
His inner magic power was almost entirely depleted.
Although he controlled every finger movement and expelled the least unit of magical power, there was no stopping the immense quantity.
In that brief moment, he had used the Spirit Void Finger magic skill at least thirty times.
";Huff, huff.";
Han Yi took a few breaths and then looked at the Proficiency Panel.
Spirit Void Finger (Beginner Training 59/100).
Seeing the progress, he was surprised to find that it had jumped from the original 29/100 to 59/100 and couldn't help but wonder if he was seeing it incorrectly.
He closed his eyes and opened them again.
It was still 59/100.
He was overjoyed in an instant.
";It's as if each finger movement contributes to the progress.";
";The progress of this magic skill is unexpectedly rapid.";
";Indeed, the user manual, now the Proficiency Panel, is definitely not simple.";
When Han Yi first discovered the Proficiency Panel, he tried communicating with it, or tried various secret languages to understand it.
Unfortunately, he gained no information and thought that it was just a data panel that recorded his lifespan, skills, and abilities, serving no other purpose.
However, the breakthrough in Alchemy Skill and the rapid progress of Spirit Void Finger made him realize a fact.
That is, this Golden Finger is not merely for record-keeping.
But it also has the ability to forcibly improve his skills with practice, at an abnormal rate.
In short.
In this world, normal people practicing the Spirit Void Finger might take hundreds of movements without much progress.
But Han Yi was different; each time he moved his finger, he could forcibly pull the skill progress bar forward.
Every finger movement brought gains and insights.
No wonder he felt more and more comfortable when using the skill, as if numerous insights were emerging with every movement of his fingers.
This was the panel's BUG.
With this in mind, Han Yi couldn't hold back his excitement.
";The same goes for Alchemy Skill and Spirit Void Finger; all skills can quickly progress.";
Doesn't that mean
The path to immortality, various magic skills, for me, are just a matter of time and easily attainable.";
The Immortal Path is attainable, the Immortal Path is attainable ah.";
Han Yi's mouth couldn't help but curl upwards into a smile.
However, when he looked up at the Qi Cultivating Second Layer realm, which remained unchanged, his face stiffened slightly.
Realm: Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating Second Layer (19/100)
";After transmigrating for so long and cultivating for such a long time, apart from practicing at Little Lingxu Peak with Spirit Sand and Spirit Stones, my realm has barely improved.";
Once I arrived in Mengshan City, I no longer had Spirit Stones or Spirit Sand, and had to rely on absorbing the spirit energy in the air, but it was hardly enough to increase even one point.";
It seems that the realm cannot be improved through the Proficiency Panel.";
The current plan is to enhance my skills, earn Spirit Stones, and push my realm forward that way.";
If my realm is insufficient, I'll just use Spirit Stones to make up for it.";
Han Yi made careful consideration and established his Cultivation method for the future. He then returned to the quiet room, sat cross-legged, and began to recover his magical power.
This time, it took more than a day to recover.
Afterward, Han Yi went to the backyard to practice Spirit Void Finger again, targeting leaves on the trees without the jujubes.
Having a target made him more focused.
Pluck, pluck, pluck
After a quarter of an hour, more than half of the leaves on the jujube tree were gone, leaving it even more bald.
Han Yi saw that the progress of his Spirit Void Finger skill increased from 59/100 to 70/100, and he was satisfied. After calculating the time, he returned to the quiet room.
A day later.
He had recovered his magical power again. This time, he didn't practice Spirit Void Finger because the seven-day deadline had arrived.
Picking up the three Nurturing Qi Pills, he activated the Array guarding the courtyard and headed straight to the Pill Shop.
Upon arriving at the Pill Shop, he met the other two outer disciples, Xia Qingyi and Xiao Yi, for the first time.
Unlike Han Yi, they were five or six years older and had been sent out a few years earlier.
They didn't show any desire to open up to the newcomer' Han Yi and just greeted each other with polite fist salutes, then stopped speaking.
Seeing everyone, Guan Sheng revealed a smile.
";Let's settle the last quarter's assignment first. Junior Brother Xia and Junior Brother Xiao, how are the pill refining procedures coming along?";


CHAPTER-7
7 Chapter 7: Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill Formula

Xia Qingyi and Xiao Yi each took out two jade bottles from their persons and handed them to Guan Sheng.
Guan Sheng opened the jade bottles, poured out the pills, carefully observed them for a while, then brought them close to his nose to sniff them. He revealed a satisfied look after smelling them, ";Good, the quality is acceptable.";
";The pill that Xia junior brother has is the Lingmu Pill, and Xiao junior brother's is the Focus Pill. In terms of quality, they both belong to the category of common pills.";
";As per old rules, we'll value them at 80% of the market price. The Spirit Stones will be settled later. If you wish to buy pill formulas and alchemy materials here, you can enjoy a 10% discount.";
Han Yi was not surprised by the scene before him.
Seven days ago, Guan Sheng had already explained this to him.
For disciples sent out by the sect, in theory, they need to complete their assigned tasks after being dispatched. These tasks are arranged by sect industry managers like Guan Sheng.
This essentially provides a channel for dispatched disciples to have opportunities to practice cultivation on their own.
Of course, Han Yi had already understood the many detailed points before he came down the mountain.
In truth.
When the higher-ups of the Xuandan Sect first established this strategy, they hoped that the dispatched disciples whose outer peak residences were taken away would continue contributing to the sect's industries after leaving the mountains.
At the same time, the dispatched disciples can also gain a somewhat more stable cultivation environment compared to loose cultivators.
This is a win-win approach.
Of course.
Dispatched disciples can also choose not to accept tasks from the Pill Shop. They can purchase their own materials, make their own pills, and develop their own sales channels.
In this case, apart from having the status of an outer disciple of the Xuandan Sect, they would be no different from loose cultivators.
The most important thing is, they need to bear the risks on their own.
In the cultivation world, it's not easy to get by as a loose cultivator. Murder and robbery are all too common behind the scenes.
As Han Yi's thoughts swirled, Guan Sheng had already put away the Lingmu Pills, then spoke again.
";As per old rules, let me first talk about the best-selling pills in the shop. Last quarter, our top sellers were the exorcise evil spirits pills, Breaking Stage Pills, Containing God Pills, Nurturing Qi Pills, Lingmu Pills, Focus Pills";
";You can choose to concoct the best-selling pills, or you can choose to refine the pills you are most adept at.";
Han Yi was overjoyed.
The Nurturing Qi Pill was also one of the best-selling items, and he had three bottles of it on him.
After that, the foursome chatted a bit more, mainly the other three chatting while Han Yi listened.
Through this conversation, he gained a deeper understanding of the relationship between dispatched disciples and the sect's industries.
A moment later.
Xiao Yi and Xia Qingyi made a satisfying purchase of spiritual medicine and herbs, then left contentedly.
After the two of them left, Guan Sheng looked at Han Yi, his eyes flashing.
";Junior Brother Han doesn't need to hurry. You've only been down the mountain for a few days, so you're probably still adjusting.";
";In addition, with Guan Di involved, I don't see you as an outsider.";
Upon hearing this, Han Yi felt more at ease.
The cultivation world is also a society composed of people, and connections still hold sway.
";Thank you, Senior Brother Guan.";
";Senior Brother Guan, I've concocted three bottles of Nurturing Qi Pills, which I intend to sell directly to the pill shop.";
After he finished speaking, Han Yi took out three transparent jade bottles. Inside, white pills the size of a fingernail were quietly placed.
Guan Sheng raised an eyebrow: ";Junior Brother Han, have you made a breakthrough in your alchemy skills?";
Han Yi clasped his hands: ";It can be said is luck. After descending the mountain, I had a small realization which allowed me to fortuitously concoct these three batches of Nurturing Qi Pills.";
Guan Sheng's gaze flashed, and the smile at the corner of his mouth widened.
";Good, very good. Now, you have a greater chance of passing the evaluation to return to the sect in a year.";
Saying that, Guan Sheng took the Nurturing Qi Pills, uncapped the bottle, sniffed the Dan Qi, and his eyes brightened, ";Good, although the quality is average, it's a bit better than that of Junior Brothers Xia and Xiao.";
";Three bottles, twenty-six pills let's do it like this. This is your first time, so I'll buy them at 90% of the market price. That makes it forty Spirit Stones, alright?";
Upon hearing this, Han Yi was overjoyed.
The price Guan Sheng offered was very reasonable, even four more than he had expected.
A big profit.
Seeing the obvious joy on Han Yi's face, Guan Sheng pondered for a bit, then continued:
";Junior Brother Han, now that your alchemy skills have improved, you can try concocting the exorcise evil spirits pills.";
";Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill?"; Han Yi was momentarily taken aback.
";Yes, the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill is difficult to concoct, but it is the best-selling pill on the market and can fetch a high price,"; it continued.
Many details about the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill flooded Han Yi's mind, and he suddenly understood.
The Cultivation world he was in was different from what he had assumed.
The biggest difference revolved around the Heavenly Demon'.
In this world, the greatest harm to cultivators comes in two forms: natural disasters and man-made disasters.
Human disasters need no further explanation, while natural disasters refer to Heavenly Demons.
Heavenly Demons exist beyond the realms of the heavens, invisible and intangible, yet descend upon cultivators who break through their realms in the Cultivation world, like a shark picking up the scent of blood.
The Heavenly Demons represent the Heavenly Tribulation.
The Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill is concocted specifically to guard against the Heavenly Demon.
Simply put, a cultivator must take the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill in advance of breaking through their realm. Even if a Heavenly Demon descends during the process of breaking through, it will not dare to invade your body because of the presence of the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill.
Once the cultivator has broken through, the Heavenly Demon naturally departs.
Of course, if the Heavenly Demon is too powerful, such as one from the Foundation Establishment stage descending upon a cultivator trying to break from the third to the fourth Qi cultivation level, even the highest quality Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill would be helpless.
Such occurrences, however, are generally rare.
When attempting a minor breakthrough, for instance, from the first to the second Qi cultivation level, only one Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill is required. The higher one's realm, the more pills needed.
Once a cultivator reaches the seventh Qi cultivation level, the quantity of Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills becomes ineffective, and one has to consume a pill of standard quality or better to remain unharmed.
This is one of the reasons why the seventh Qi cultivation level is a watershed in this world. The power of cultivators at the seventh level far surpasses those at the sixth.
";A general quality Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill usually costs five Spirit Stones on the market, but the price can fluctuate if the cost of raw materials increases.";
";A standard quality pill costs at least ten times as much, reaching the exorbitant price of fifty Spirit Stones.";
";With Han Yi's breakthrough in Alchemy Skill, it will be beneficial for his future development to attempt refining the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill,"; Guan Sheng continued, seeing Han Yi deep in thought.
But Han Yi felt something was amiss, though he couldn't pinpoint what.
";However, dear Brother, I don't have the Pill Formula for the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill.";
";Besides, the ingredients for the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill are expensive, and I can't afford them.";
Guan Sheng was delighted upon hearing Han Yi's words because it meant the deal was almost done. He spoke in hushed tones, ";Don't fret, Brother Han Yi. Our mortal relationship is extraordinary, I can provide you with the Pill Formula for the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill, and even the materials.";
";Of course, I won't be offering this for free. As you well know, I'm a businessman.";
";If you succeed in refining the pill, we'll split the profits. I take eighty percent, you keep twenty. This arrangement will stand for a year, and once you return to the sect a year later, the deal ends.";
";How does that sound?";
";Throughout this year, not only will you not lose anything, but you'll also gain invaluable experience in refining the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills, and you'll get the Pill Formula for free. This is a surefire investment.";
With Guan Sheng's thorough explanation, Han Yi found himself tempted.
Nonetheless, he still harbored some doubts.
";Brother, I admit that this deal is tempting.";
";But one question remains: why should I be the one refining the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills?";
";Usually, such pricey pills should be provided by the sect since it's safer and more reliable this way.";
Hearing Han Yi's question, Guan Sheng sighed.
";Han Yi, things have been quite tricky recently, and the supply of Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills from our sect to Mengshan City's Pill Shop has been dwindling. With fewer supplies, my business is affected as well.";
";Moreover, I was informed that the sect won't provide the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills anymore from next month. Each branch of Xuandan Sect will have to find their own channels and solutions.";
";I have my own distress,"; he added.
";Trouble?"; Han Yi asked, revealing his concern.
";Yes, I heard something's up, but I don't know the specifics."; Guan Sheng was clearly reluctant to elaborate and quickly changed the subject.
After thinking for a while, Han Yi nodded heavily.
Either way, getting a Pill Formula for free would be beneficial for him.
As for the eighty-to-twenty split, it didn't seem unreasonable. If Guan Sheng had offered a greater share, Han Yi would have become suspicious.
";Alright, I agree,"; he said.


CHAPTER-8
8 Chapter 8: Steady Development

The two parties made an agreement, and Guan Sheng handed over the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill Formula and enough spiritual medicine to refine twenty Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills to Han Yi.
Grateful for this trust, Han Yi felt moved in his inner heart.
Next,
He left twenty Spirit Stones and used the remaining twenty to buy raw materials for refining Nurturing Qi Pills and some extra Spirit Sand. Then, he left the Fire Profound Pill Shop and hurried back home.
Just as a quarter-hour passed since he left, Jiang De descended from the second floor of the shop, his eyes filled with a slightly gloomy stare at Guan Sheng.
";Old Guan, what kind of game are you playing?";
";Aren't you afraid that this little brat will really take the money and run?";";
";We won't even talk about the pill formula for now, but those twenty sets of materials alone are quite valuable.";
Jiang De's face showed a hint of anger. He resented that Guan Sheng hadn't consulted him before making the decision and had taken charge on his own.
Guan Sheng put away his usual smile, met Jiang De's eyes, and squinted slightly.
";I've said it before, this kid is just a scapegoat.";
";You don't need to interfere in how this is handled; I'll take care of it.";
The tone of Guan Sheng's voice did not convey too much emotion, but it sent a shiver down Jiang De's spine. However, the anger he held within him still hadn't subsided.
";Fine, since Old Guan said so, I won't interfere anymore.";
";However, I'll report this matter truthfully to the hall master. It's up to you to come up with an explanation.";
With that, Jiang De flicked his sleeves, turned, and walked back to the second floor.
Behind him, Guan Sheng stared at his retreating figure, a cold smile lingering in the corners of his mouth.
";Fool, just because you have some backing doesn't mean you can act recklessly and scheme behind the scenes.";
This cold smile was fleeting and instantly vanished.
Afterward, a thoughtful look flashed across his eyes.
";However, this kid Han Yi, being able to refine three successful Nurturing Qi Pills in such a short time, his Alchemy Skill has made great progress.";
";The better.";
";Such a person is more convincing as a scapegoat.";
";The plan is feasible.";

On the other hand, after returning to his courtyard, Han Yi activated the array disk, locked the yard, and took out all his belongings.
Han Yi started to take inventory.
Nurturing Qi Pill materials, Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill materials, Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill formula, Spirit Stones, Spirit Sand, other miscellaneous items.
He didn't immediately try to refine the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill or continue refining the Nurturing Qi Pills.
Instead, he picked up a Spirit Stone and began cultivating.
Realm is the foundation. As one's realm improves, the quality and quantity of mana within the body can be enhanced, paving the way for alchemy and other skills.
On this point, Han Yi was clear.
Before his Alchemy Skill breakthrough, he had always been short of Spirit Stones and Spirit Sand, never having more than ten pieces.
As he also had the points task hanging over his head, it was almost impossible to use Spirit Stones directly for cultivation. He could only use them sparingly when replenishing his mana.
But now it was different.
After the breakthrough in his Alchemy Skill and the addition of the Proficiency Panel, Han Yi looked forward to his future with great anticipation.
As long as he continued to refine pills, sold the refined medicines, and earned Spirit Stones, he could divide them in half for cultivation and half for purchasing refining materials, refining more pills, and making more money.
So the cycle would go on, and the Immortal Path would be within reach.
Han Yi closed his eyes, activated the Fire Profound Skill, and immediately his whole body's pores opened up, absorbing the Spirit Energy in the air.
However, there was no Spirit Vein here, and the Spirit Energy in the air was so scarce that it was pitiful. No matter how hard he tried to absorb it, it was barely detectable.
Without Spirit Stones, this round of cultivation would take ages to show any significant progress.
Under normal circumstances,
A cultivator's cultivation speed depends on two core factors.
One is physique, and the other is the environment.
Physique, plainly put, is one's Spiritual Root. Cultivators with Heavenly Spirit Roots absorb Spirit Energy at a rate more than ten times faster than those with mixed Spiritual Roots.
Different physiques mean different affinities for Spirit Energy. Therefore, the amount of Spirit Energy absorbed per unit of time varies, leading to significant differences in cultivation progress.
Environment refers to the richness of Spirit Energy during cultivation. For example, the Spirit Veins within the Xuandan Sect Inner Peak are at least Third-stage, making them far richer than the First-stage or Second-stage veins of the Outer Peak.
At the extreme, place a pig within a Ninth-stage or higher Immortal Vein, and even if it only eats and sleeps, it might become an immortal.
As for the cultivation environment, in addition to Spirit Veins, there is also the assistance of Spirit Stones for cultivation.
At this moment.
Although there were no spirit veins here, the spirit stone in Han Yi's palm, under the pull of his body, a weak warmth like a hair flowed into his body. Receiving the nourishment of this spirit energy, the mana inside his body suddenly became more lively and flowed more quickly.
Sunrise and sunset.
Crack!
Han Yi slowly opened his eyes only when a crisp sound entered his ears.
He looked down at his palm, the once gray-white spirit stone had shattered into fine powder, turning to dust and disappearing at his fingertips with just a light grip.
Shifting his gaze, Han Yi then felt the mana within his body without a significant change.
Then, Han Yi looked at the Proficiency Panel.
Realm: Qi Cultivating Second Layer (24/100)
";Not bad, a single spirit stone increased the progress by 5 points, a great improvement.";
Only at this moment did a look of joy emerge on his face.
For the previous seven days, without a spirit stone for cultivation, the progress had been stuck at 19/100. This time, using a spirit stone for cultivation, the progress was quite evident.
If aptitude is lacking, use spirit stones to make up for it.
This path was working.
Next.
Han Yi then began a crazy cultivation mode. After consuming ten spirit stones, he began a process of refining pills while using spirit stones to recover mana and practicing at the same time.
With the progress of the Alchemy Skill, the success rate of refining Nurturing Qi Pills this time had reached 60%.
Of the ten sets of Nurturing Qi Pill materials he purchased, six furnaces were made, and one of the furnaces even produced twelve pills in top-quality.
In the end, a total of fifty-eight Nurturing Qi Pills were produced, more than double the first time.
This made Han Yi extremely happy.
Looking at the Nurturing Qi Pills stored in the jade bottle, Han Yi's sense of accomplishment exploded within his inner heart.
Next, he began to try refining exorcise evil spirits pills.
The difficulty of refining exorcise evil spirits pills was several times harder than that of Nurturing Qi Pills, especially because it was his first time refining them.
After failing five furnaces, the sixth furnace was finally a success.
In the end, only three furnaces were produced from twenty sets of materials, with a success rate of only 15%.
Such a success rate, if available within the Xuandan Sect, would be equivalent to the excellent alchemy skills of the outer disciples and profitable already.
As for the inner disciples, their success rate in refining exorcise evil spirits pills mostly reached 20% or even 30% and above.
By this time, two months had passed since Han Yi's last outing.
";Indeed, there is no time in cultivation, two months have passed just like that.";
Han Yi sighed, his eyes falling on the semi-transparent panel in front of him.
Name: Han Yi
Lifespan: 21/87
Realm: Qi Cultivating Second Layer (87/100)
Cultivation Technique: Fire Profound Skill (beginner 59/100)
Skills:
Alchemy Skill (entry-level 89/100)
Spirit Void Finger (learning-newbie 70/100)
";True enough, miracles come from hard work, twenty spirit stones directly pushed the realm, skyrocketing to an 87/100 progress.
There's also progress in the cultivation technique.
The Alchemy Skill is about to break through too. Just being entry level allowed me to have such a high success rate in alchemy. If I break through to the next stage, wouldn't it be even more exaggerated.
Can't wait.";
After checking the panel, Han Yi was very satisfied with his current progress.
As long as he continued to work hard, steadily grew and played it safe, the Immortal Path was definitely attainable.
Feeling delighted.
Then, he set his eyes on the many jade bottles in front of him.
After pondering, he poured two of the successfully refined exorcise evil spirits pills into a new jade bottle.
This was his preparation in advance for the upcoming breakthrough to the third layer of Qi Cultivating.
After organizing the refined pills and confirming that they were all correct, he decided to head to the Xuandan Fire Pill Shop.
Although according to the requirements of the Xuandan Fire Pill Shop, they must gather once every quarter, he did not want to wait and instead went a month ahead, which was allowed.


CHAPTER-9
9 Chapter 9: Sudden Murderous Intent

Mengshan City, Xuanhuo Pill Shop.
";Not bad, not bad, very not bad.";
Guan Sheng shifted his gaze from the jade bottle on the table to Han Yi, his eyes brimming with unreserved admiration.
Deep within his eyes, a hidden glimmer of light concealed itself.
";With twenty sets of raw materials, three furnaces were successfully refined, and the quality reaches the average standard.";
";A success rate of one and a half percent for the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill, for your first time refining pills, you've made a small profit instead of suffering a loss.";
";I never expected Junior Brother Han's Alchemy Skill to be so exquisite.";
";I really made the right gamble this time.";
The words of Guan Sheng's praise were endless, and the delighted Han Yi stood in front of him.
";To be honest with Senior Brother, after descending the mountain, my previous pressure has vanished, making me feel much lighter.";
";When cultivating pills, my mentality is different, and I find it easier to master.";
";It's all a lucky coincidence, just a fluke.";
Han Yi said with a smile, this could also be considered a reason.
";Han Junior Brother, with your alchemy skills, if the sect didn't require that disciples who were sent out must apply for return after a year, you would absolutely be qualified to pass the Return Exam at this moment.";
";After you return, you'll definitely astound everyone.";
";You'll have to take care of the Guan family more in the future.";
After Han Yi's courteous response, he began to settle up and purchase more new materials.
Following the fifty-eight Nurturing Qi Pills and partial income from refining the Exorcising Evil Spirits Pill, Guan Sheng finally gave him a total of one hundred Spirit Stones.
This was the first time in his life he'd owned this huge sum of hundred Spirit Stones, and he was almost moved to tears.
He used forty of the one hundred Spirit Stones to buy Nurturing Qi Pill materials, completely clearing the main materials for Nurturing Qi Pill in the Xuanhuo Pill Shop's inventory.
Then, he exchanged for several pounds of Spirit Sand and other pill materials and living supplies, like Grain Avoiding Pills, and the like.
After putting the twenty sets of Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill materials given by Guan Sheng into his storage bag, he left the Pill Shop with a satisfied smile on his face.
Behind Han Yi, Guan Sheng, who was on the medicine cabinet, had flickering eyes.
";This little devil is really a pill refining genius.";
";I'm almost reluctant to use him to fill the gaps.";
As soon as this thought emerged in his inner heart, he shook his head again.
";No, it's precisely this kind of person who's most suited to fill the gaps, even fitting into my plan seamlessly.";
";Fortunately, there's still some time left; let this little devil help me refine pills for free for another half a year.";

With this huge sum of money, Han Yi's mood improved greatly on the way.
The Xuanhuo Pill Shop was not far from his courtyard, only about five streets away, a walk of just about ten minutes or so.
After passing through one street, his footsteps suddenly halted, and he abruptly turned around to look behind him.
Behind him, the streets were bustling with people coming and going, nothing out of the ordinary.
Yet, Han Yi felt as if his whole body had been doused in cold water, his hair stood on end, and after a brief pause, his heart suddenly began to pound furiously.
";A killing intent.";
The naked killing intent made his face change dramatically.
Only then did he suddenly remember.
This world was the Cultivation World, not the safe and lawful world he had come from in his previous life.
After he traversed, he was restricted to a few fixed places.
Within the Xuandan Sect, he stayed in the courtyard of Little Lingxu Peak, which was protected by a prohibition, and very safe.
Having descended the mountain and arrived at Mengshan City, he traveled back and forth between his courtyard and the Xuanhuo Pill Shop, never venturing elsewhere.
By the standards of his previous life, he was an aptly described as a cultivation homebody.
Thus, although he had been vigilant during this time, he hadn't experienced a direct and personal understanding of the dangers of the Cultivation World.
At this moment.
This sudden bout of impending killing intent awakened his sense of crisis.
This murderous intent was so heavy, carrying the threat of death.
Even though its origin was unclear, Han Yi believed his own intuition. Although his realm was low, he had entered Qi Cultivation Realm in the Cultivation World, so his feeling about the murderous intent could not be wrong.
Thinking of this.
He quickly turned around, not towards the courtyard where he lived, but towards the other side, merging into the street with more people, and then kept walking, squeezing into the crowd wherever there were more people.
Han Yi was grateful that he happened to be inside the city. As a city within the Daqian Immortal Country, Mengshan City had its share of cultivators stationed in it. On normal days, cultivators were expressly forbidden to kill mortals.
Of course, this prohibition was only maintained for the sake of stability in the Immortal Country.
If a cultivator killed someone secretly and was not discovered, nobody would really investigate it.
However, under the watchful eyes of everyone, if a cultivator actually went on a killing spree, they would end up on the Daqian's wanted list and face the Immortal Execution Platform if caught.
So, after figuring this out, Han Yi didn't hesitate and jumped into the crowd.
As expected.
Only after passing through several crowded streets did the chilling murderous intent that he sensed completely disappear.
Near the street where he first sensed the murderous intent, in a certain corner, a figure stood, scanning the passing crowd with a gloomy expression.
This man had a dark complexion and his body emanated a unique Dan Qi that belonged to an Alchemist, just like the smell of smoke on a smoker.
It was indeed Jiang De.
";Was this kid so vigilant?";
";Hmph, you're lucky this time, but you won't be so lucky next time.";
Jiang De, of course, did not dare to attack Han Yi openly in public.
Moreover, while harboring murderous intent towards Han Yi, he was also very wary of Guan Sheng, and his Inner Heart was wavering.
Therefore, in the process of following Han Yi, he accidentally leaked that strand of murderous intent, which was detected by Han Yi.
On the other side.
After wandering around several streets and finding that the murderous intent had dissipated, Han Yi rushed towards his courtyard at the fastest speed.
On the way, he was worried that the person tracking him was familiar with his residence and would ambush nearby, so he was extremely vigilant about any potential attack.
Actually, it was not that he hadn't thought about turning around and going back to the Fire Profound Skill Pill Shop, but the murderous intent just now was too sudden, and he couldn't find the person responsible.
After weighing his options, he decided to return to the courtyard first.
The courtyard had Formation and Restrictions, which provided a certain level of safety.
He made up his mind that if he sensed murderous intent on his way back, he would turn around and flee to the Fire Profound Skill Pill Shop for help.
Fortunately, there were no more abnormalities along the way, which allowed him to breathe a sigh of relief.
When he arrived at the entrance of the courtyard, he quickly opened it with an array plate and locked it with his magical power only after securing it, did Han Yi completely relaxed.
At this moment.
He realized that his back was soaked through with sweat.
He had been too tense during the entire journey and didn't notice until he felt the abnormality on his back.
He slightly activated his Fire Profound Skill and dried his clothes.
A moment later.
Han Yi sat in the quiet chamber, his Inner Heart completely calming down.
However, instead of immediately starting his cultivation or alchemy, he began to frown and analyze the situation.
In his previous life, his ability to analyze and summarize had saved him from many detours.
This time, ever since he had traversed into this new world, he had been adhering to the good habits of his previous life.
";That strand of murderous intent targeted me. This matter is related to my own life and death. It is better to believe it exists than to believe it doesn't.";
";So, who could it be?";
";I just came out of the Fire Profound Skill Pill Shop, so it is most likely that someone was squatting outside the pill shop to ambush cultivators who just finished trading.";
";This possibility means that me being targeted this time is not something personal.";
";In that case, as long as I am more careful next time, there should be no problem.";
";There is also another possibility, someone specifically targeted me. This situation might be less likely, but I need to be prepared.";
";In short, to ensure my safety, I need to increase my strength.";
Han Yi looked at the panel, showing the realm and skill columns, his eyes flickering, making a decision.


CHAPTER-10
10 Chapter 10: Cultivating Qi  The Third Level

Realm: Qi-Training Second Layer87/100
";I'm not far from reaching the third layer of my realm now.";
";Strength is paramount. No matter what kind of danger I face, each enhancement in strength represents an additional layer of protection.";
";Right now, I must first break through to the third layer of Qi-Training.";
";Afterwards, I should practice my one and only combat skill, the Spirit Void Finger, to a level sufficient for self-defense.";
";Furthermore, I need to stay vigilant at all times on my next expedition.";
";Also, the Spirit Void Finger is far from enough for protection. If there's a chance, I need to acquire another more specialized combat magic skill.";
";On the other hand, if my Alchemy Skill could improve further, then";
Han Yi was calculating in his heart, arranging his plans meticulously.
Then, he took out a Spirit Stone and began to cultivate.
He now has over fifty Spirit Stones, which could be considered as a small fortune among the outer disciples in the Xuandan Sect.
Usually, only those outer disciples who reached the fourth layer of Qi-Training could have this many Spirit Stones on hand.
And only the inner disciples dare to use Spirit Stones for cultivation without any psychological burden.
Which outer disciple wouldn't use their Spirit Veins for cultivation instead of Spirit Stones if they could? Even if they did resort to using Spirit Stones, they would only do so for breakthroughs, daring to sacrifice them only then.
Cultivation is timeless, especially when it involves absorbing Spirit Energy from Spirit Stones, which could easily get cultivators with lower realms addicted.
When the third Spirit Stone was crushed into dust, the progress of the Qi-Training second layer had reached 99/100.
Han Yi didn't rush to use the Spirit Stone to break through immediately.
Instead, he started focusing on pill refining.
His hasty advancement in a short time had affected his control of magic power and attempts to break through in this state could be very risky.
He knew very well the key point: haste makes waste. You can't rush things, especially at crucial moments.";
";On one hand, I can use pill refining to hone my control of magic power. On the other hand, it could help adjust my mindset before the breakthrough.";
Han Yi began pill refining.
This time, thanks to the improvement of his Alchemy Skill, the success rate of refining Nurturing Qi Pills has exceeded 60%, close to 70%.
Every time he refines a batch of Nurturing Qi Pills, it consumes his internal magic power. During recovery, he absorbs the free-floating Spirit Energy in the air instead of using Spirit Stones.
The biggest disadvantage of this method is that it is slow, very slow.
Each batch takes almost a day to fully recover.
But the biggest advantage is that Han Yi can control his internal magic power more precisely and freely.
Pill refining is monotonous and boring.
But Han Yi is immersed in it, feeling his control over his inner magic power improve bit by bit.
Only through constant quantitative changes can qualitative changes occur.
Without taking small steps, one can't travel a thousand miles. Without a collection of small streams, one can't form a river or a sea.";
When he finally put the last batch of Nurturing Qi Pills into the jade bottle, the jujube tree in the backyard had sprouted new buds, the yard was covered with a thin layer of fallen leaves, and the red marks on the wall of the yard had also been painted dark brown.
";Out of twenty-five raw materials, seventeen bottles were produced. Roughly calculated, the success rate is around 70%.";
";This terrifying pill refining success rate, among the outer disciples, only those who have reached the sixth Qi-training layer can achieve this.";
";More importantly, I've reached the peak in my control over magic power.";
";If I don't break through now, when will I?";
Han Yi put down the jade bottle, took a deep breath, took another jade bottle out of his storage bag, in which were two pills.
Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill.
These were what he had reserved when refining the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills previously, prepared in advance for the breakthrough.
After taking the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill.
He then took out a whopping twenty Spirit Stones, held two in each hand, and placed the other sixteen beside him.
And then.
Began to operate his technique, bolster his magic power. The previously stagnant progress, after half an hour, pushed forward to 100/100.
One hour later.
Han Yi noticed a soft whispering sound in his ears.
A chill ran down his spine. He knew this was the seductive voices of the Heavenly Demons.
And since he was merely breaking through the third layer, even if an Outer World Heavenly Demon descended, it would just be a lesser Heavenly Demon.
As long as he didn't deliberately pay attention to it, there wouldn't be any major problems with the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill in him as this prevented the Heavenly Demon from invading his body.
The hypnotic sounds gradually grew stronger, but they had no effect whatsoever on Han Yi, whose heart remained steadfast.
In his past life, as one of his hobbies, Han Yi had stored more than 10TB of romantic action movies on a mobile hard drive, neatly categorised. He became something of an expert in the industry.
A chen(or hour) later.
Han Yi, who was currently meditating, suddenly felt the magic power within his body become stickier in an instant.
He knew, he had made a breakthrough.
After the breakthrough, the amount of magic power in his body reduced, but the quality improved a level.
Before reaching the sixth level of Qi cultivation, each layer's breakthrough represented a qualitative change.
At the same moment, the seductive whispers in his ears vanished.
The invading Outer World Heavenly Demon had left.
Han Yi didn't immediately stand up, instead he took the opportunity to consolidate his realm, changing the Spirit Stones beside him one after the other.
Only after a full day did he stop.
At that moment, Han Yi looked at the panel, and only relaxed once he confirmed the information displayed, showing that he was at the third level of Qi cultivation.
Name:Han Yi
Lifespan:21/89
Realm:Qi cultivation level three3/100
Skill:Fire Profound SkillBeginner 69/100
Abilities:
Alchemy SkillEnter the Hall 3/100
Spirit Void FingerBeginner 70/100
Then, after he reviewed the other information, a look of joy flashed across his face.
His lifespan increased from 87 to 89 years.
Of course, this lifespan referred to dying of old age in peaceful circumstances, something extremely difficult to achieve in the perilous cultivation world.
His foundational skill, Fire Profound Skill, showed slight progress, but was still at the beginner stage.
The greatest change was in the Alchemy Skill.
Unknowingly, his Alchemy Skill had progressed from Peering into the Gate' to the Enter the Hall' stage.
";Great, my Alchemy Skill has reached a new stage. It must've broken through when I was creating the last batch of Nurturing Qi Pills. No wonder all those pills were a success, and each batch produced twelve units.";
";Next, I'll continue practicing alchemy. After my Alchemy Skill leveled up, my success rate in creating the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill should also improve.";
No sooner said than done.
In reality, with the breakthrough in his realm and the increase in the quality of his magical power, not only did his success rate improve, the time it took him to produce the pills also shortened.
Previously, it took him almost a month to produce twenty Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills, but now, he successfully created them in just about ten days.
And the success rate increased by almost twenty-five percent.
Out of twenty sets of raw materials, he succeeded in producing five batches.
According to the standards of the Xuandan Sect, this already represented the level of an Inner Peak disciple's Alchemy Skill.
After thinking about it, Han Yi put two jade bottles into the corner of his storage bag without intending to disclose them.
";Making the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill for the first time, you could say that it was due to my breakthrough in Alchemy Skill.";
";For the second time, if my success rate increases by one-tenth based on the first time, and the interval is only a few months, that would be too against the heavens.";
";So, let's just say I only succeeded in making three batches.";
";This would be considered reasonable for a Qi cultivation third level disciple from a minor faction.";
";Additionally, I shouldn't sell all the Nurturing Qi Pills. With my previous success rate of 60%, I could sell thirteen bottles and keep four for myself, or sell them somewhere else.";
";I also have to be careful about that sudden murderous aura.";
Han Yi cast his gaze on the panel's only combat magic skillSpirit Void Finger.
He sighed lightly.
While Spirit Void Finger was low-level, it was currently his only combat skill and he could only depend on it.
";There's no other way.";
";I just need to keep grinding!!";


CHAPTER-11
11 Chapter 11: Ethereal Quality Transformation

Mengshan City, North District, in a courtyard enveloped by an array.
A young man in his early twenties, dressed in a gray robe, stands in the backyard, motionless, as his hands wave around.
Gray Spirit Light constantly bursts and shoots out from his dancing fingertips.
Whooosh, whooosh, whooosh
The speed of the Spirit Light is incredibly fast, like teleportation. Almost as soon as it emerges from the fingertips, new tender leaves on the jujube tree three meters away are directly shattered and annihilated in the Spirit Light.
The young man is none other than Han Yi.
At this moment, what he is practicing is the only Magic Skill, Spirit Void Finger.
Spirit Void Finger is a simple Magic Skill, using a special method to compress spiritual power at the fingertips and then shoot it out, causing a certain amount of damage.
Because the principle is simple, the lethality is very limited, and disciples at the Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating and above generally don't practice it.
It is only the newcomers who have just joined the Xuandan Sect that would think this Magic Skill is cool and want to learn it.
At a certain moment.
Han Yi, who is focused on practicing the Spirit Void Finger, suddenly realizes that his Spirit Void Finger has become smoother and the controllable range of compressed spiritual power is larger when he executes it.
More importantly, the compression method has suddenly changed, and there is a noticeable difference compared to when he started practicing Spirit Void Finger.
In short.
The Spirit Void Finger has been upgraded.
This spiritual power compression method is both familiar and unfamiliar.
It is unfamiliar because it is already different in the method from when he started practicing the Spirit Void Finger. It feels familiar because there is no obstruction and it's as smooth as breathing when he uses it now.
Whooosh!
Boom
The branch of the jujube tree is directly shattered by this Spirit Light, and some of the broken fragments are embedded deeply into the courtyard wall behind the tree because of the incredible speed, while the remaining fragments leave small bowl-sized pits on the wall.
Han Yi is shocked and stops himself from trying again.
Then, with a delighted expression, he looks at the Panel.
Just as expected, he has broken through.
Spirit Void Finger (Peeking through the Doorway 1/100)
";Unlike Alchemy Skill, the progress of the Spirit Void Finger is faster, and after it advances, the power it displays is even greater.";
";Moreover, after the advancement, even the method of spiritual power compression has changed, which means that this Magic Skill has undergone a complete transformation, and the Spirit Void Finger I'm using now should be version 2.0.";
";This technique has great potential.";
Han Yi is internally reassured.
The last time he practiced Spirit Void Finger, he spent only two days to push his initial proficiency from 29/100 to 70/100.
This time, he devoted his whole body and soul to it, and it took him only one day to directly push through to Peeking through the Doorway.
His cultivation speed is much faster than when practicing Alchemy Skill.
The breakthrough of Spirit Void Finger has given him some more confidence in his own safety.
But.
It's not enough.
Next.
Han Yi continues to hone his Spirit Void Finger.
He keeps waving his hand, casting Spirit Void Finger repeatedly.
Previously, Han Yi experimented and found that the progress bar's advancement was related to the number of times he practiced Spirit Void Finger, and had nothing to do with the amount of compressed spiritual power during each practice.
So he controls each compression of spiritual power to the minimum unit, allowing him to use his spiritual power as many times as possible.
And he doesn't dare to target the jujube tree anymore.
According to the power of his upgraded Spirit Void Finger, it wouldn't matter if the jujube tree was destroyed.
However, the courtyard wall behind the tree is connected to the Restriction Array of the entire courtyard. If his Spirit Void Finger were to accidentally wear out the Formation, he would have nowhere to cry.
After all, the protection level of this courtyard is limited and cannot withstand prolonged wear and tear.
He can only aim at the backyard ground, using the original stone bench to surround the stimulated area, acting as a barrier.
9/100
14/100
19/100

As he moves on, his progress each day is either equal to or lesser than the previous day's pace.
However, Han Yi is very satisfied.
This constantly rising sense of accomplishment made him feel that he was making effective progress.
More than a month later.
At some moment.
Boom!
A finger flicked out, with only one-fiftieth of the full body mana contained at the fingertip.
But this time, the way of compression was different. Han Yi had a new realization in the dark and followed this realization to construct this finger flick.
The mana was compressed and operated in a different way, and it erupted from between his fingers.
Even at the moment of flicking, Han Yi could feel a slight tingling in his finger and a barely detectable tremble in his whole body due to the counter shock.
The next moment.
He didn't have time to pay attention to the condition of his finger, but opened his mouth wide, his eyes bulging, staring straight ahead in shock. After the violent tremor in his pupils, he was overcome with ecstasy.
In front of him, the spirit light that had been twisted into fine silk slanted to the ground.
In the blink of an eye.
Boom!
The spirit light hit the ground, causing the ground to tremble lightly and sending shattered stones flying, exploding the gathered stone bench and stone pieces into broken fragments.
The flying stones collided with the walls of the courtyard, making a dense series of collision sounds.
The noise was much louder than Han Yi had expected.
With a wave of his sleeve, he pushed down all the dust that had been stirred up.
Upon closer inspection.
At the place where the Spirit Void Finger had landed just now, there was now a pit about one meter wide.
Without a doubt, if that finger had landed on a person's body, it would have caused them to burst apart in an instant.
After breaking through, the power of the Spirit Void Finger had increased dramatically.
And also.
Keep in mind that the mana he had used to construct the Spirit Void Finger just now was only one-fiftieth of his total mana.
If he were to go all out in a battle, using half of his total mana to construct the Spirit Void Finger.
How exaggerated would the power within that single finger be?
Just thinking about it made him shudder.
Spirit Void Finger (Enter the Hall 1/100)
The proficiency panel was also showing the promotion of the Spirit Void Finger.
After the ecstasy, Han Yi wanted to continue practicing but discovered two problems.
After breaking through to Enter the Hall, the progress of practicing the Spirit Void Finger had become very slow. It had taken two whole days to advance from 1/100 to 2/100.
Also, the courtyard where he was living could no longer provide the environment needed to practice the more powerful Spirit Void Finger.
In short, the progress of practice was difficult, and it was easy to blow up the courtyard.
Furthermore, the spirit stones had been completely consumed.
By this time, it had been more than four months since he had last left home.
He even missed the quarterly assembly at the Pill Shop.
After deep contemplation, Han Yi decided to go out.
Without spirit stones, practicing the Spirit Void Finger and recovering mana would be extremely time-consuming.
Moreover, he was unlikely to advance the Spirit Void Finger to the next stage of Enter the Hall in a short period of time.
Before going out, Han Yi sorted out the Exorcise evil spirits pills he needed to give Guan Sheng and the Nurturing Qi pills he planned to sell to the Pill Shop, and hid the extras in his storage bag.
This time.
He planned to first go to the market in Mengshan City and then trade pills at the Pill Shop.
Going to the market was not only to sell pills but also to try to buy a more powerful magic skill.
Having only the Spirit Void Finger felt too monotonous.
He should learn a few more skills, and keep one or even more as his trump cards.
That way, he would feel more secure.
After more than four months, Han Yi used the Array Disk again to activate the courtyard's Array Restriction, and instead of heading straight to the Pill Shop, he took the path to a cultivation market in Mengshan City.
He had been hiding at home for four months.
This had made Jiang De, who had been keeping watch outside the courtyard every now and then during the first two months, grow even darker in anger.


CHAPTER-12
12 Chapter 12: The Lei Family Market

Mengshan City was an ordinary city in Shu State of Daqian Immortal Country.
As Han Yi walked through the streets, doubts arose in his heart.
For someone who had traversed to this world, the more he understood the system of Daqian Immortal Country, the more puzzled he became.
For example, the coexistence of immortals and mortals.
Cultivators and ordinary people lived together, with laws specifically targeting cultivators and laws for ordinary people.
Moreover, although immortals and mortals coexisted, the slaughter of mortals by immortals was strictly forbidden. Even in public, killing a mortal would result in severe official scrutiny.
This was inconsistent with Han Yi's imagination of cultivators being aloof and regarding mortals as ants.
So, he was quite puzzled.
But, puzzled or not, since the rules were like this, he would follow them.
Furthermore, this kind of environment provided protection for low-level cultivators like him.
Similar to worldly trades, several major forces in Mengshan City set up cultivation marketplaces for the convenience of communication among cultivators.
The Lei family's marketplace was one of them, and that was the information Han Yi had learned about Mengshan City when he first came down the mountain.
More than four months later, upon leaving his residence, the first stop for Han Yi was this place.
There were two Qi Cultivation Stage cultivators from the Lei family guarding the entrance to the marketplace. To enter, one did not need to pay any Spirit Stones or Spirit Sand but was required to input their magic power into a stone tablet to verify their identity as a cultivator.
After verifying his identity as a cultivator, Han Yi cupped his fists and asked one of the guards.
";Fellow Daoist, this is my first time here. Can you tell me how much it costs to rent a stall in the marketplace?";
The one who was asked was a mature-looking young guard.
He glanced at Han Yi without any extra expression on his face.
";Stalls are divided into fixed stalls and temporary stalls.";
";Fixed stalls are priced based on size and location, with the leasing fees starting from a minimum of three Spirit Stones per day. The largest fixed stall can cost dozens of Spirit Stones.";
";As for temporary stalls, the stall width is only two meters, and each costs one Spirit Stone per day. All locations are the same, on a first-come, first-served basis.";
";If you want to rent a stall, you can go to the market management center ahead.";
Han Yi understood upon hearing the guard's words.
";Fellow Daoist, I have another question: besides renting a stall, what other channels are there for selling pills? Also, where can I buy spiritual medicines and spiritual herbs?";
When Han Yi asked this, the mature young guard looked at him more closely.
After all.
Han Yi's words were equivalent to hanging a I am an Alchemist' sign on his face.
An alchemist like him was very likely a fat sheep' that had just stepped out of a sect.
Who wouldn't like such a fat sheep'?
Therefore, the guard's face showed a rare hint of a smile.
";Fellow Daoist, you've indeed asked the right person.";
";Since you've come here, you must know that this place is called the Lei Family's Marketplace.";
";In that case, the best place to trade in pills, formations, talismans, weapons, spiritual medicines, and spiritual herbs, of course, are the official shops set up by the Lei family.";
";Just follow the marketplace until you reach the middle. There, you'll find the largest shop where you can buy anything you want or have someone help you appraise and recycle the items you want to sell.";
Han Yi nodded after listening.
It was natural for the marketplace guards, who were presumably members of the Lei family, to speak on behalf of Lei family shops.
";By the way, Fellow Daoist, I have one last question: if I want to buy magic skills, can I purchase them from the largest shop?";
When Han Yi asked again, the arrogant young guard nodded his head proudly.
";Of course, our Lei family ranks within the top three cultivation families in Mengshan City. Our family head is a cultivator at the Foundation Establishment stage, so we naturally have magic skills for sale.";
";However, each magic skill is not cheap. The weakest ones require dozens of Spirit Stones, while slightly stronger ones cost hundreds or even require middle-grade Spirit Stones to trade. It's not something that an ordinary low-level Qi Cultivator can afford.";
The meaning in the guard's glance at Han Yi was obvious.
He clearly didn't believe that a young cultivator who had just stepped out of the sect and had Qi Cultivation Stage Three's magic power fluctuations, indicating that he had just broken through, would have such financial power.
However, Han Yi's face lit up with joy. After thanking the guard, he hurriedly walked inside the marketplace.
As for him, as long as there were magic skills to buy, all he needed to do next was refine pills and trade time for Spirit Stones.
Alchemists, especially high-level ones, were in high demand.
It's because they could easily accumulate astonishing wealth by refining pills.
Han Yi walked around the marketplace but did not immediately head to the central largest shop as directed by the young guard earlier.
Instead, he first took a stroll through two marketplace streets, randomly checking out fixed and temporary stalls.
Fixed stalls were covered, and the items on display were all of higher quality, including pills, talismans, and weapons.
Temporary stalls, on the other hand, were relatively simple, with some being even quite crude. They were set up using a piece of white cloth, and the items for sale were placed on the cloth.
However, whether they were temporary stalls or fixed stalls, none of them had the hustle and bustle of hawking goods like in the secular world.
There were quite a few cultivators in the marketplace, but they mostly traded quietly, completed their transactions, and left directly without any delay.
Although Han Yi was curious, he didn't stay long.
After getting a general understanding of the stalls, he headed straight for the Lei Family's official shop.
Renting a stall was his plan for next time. This time, he wanted to quickly complete his trades and shorten the time spent to reduce risks.
At the center of the marketplace stood a huge shop with an enormous area.
In front of the shop, a plaque with four characters exuded a mysterious Immortal Path aura.
Lei Family's Trading Firm.
The person who wrote those four characters had a deeply-founded Dao foundation.
After Han Yi caught a glimpse of it, he noticed something unusual and dared not to linger as he entered the shop.
";Shopkeeper, I want to sell some pills and buy a suitable magic skill,"; Han Yi went straight to the point and told the shopkeeper who was attending to him.
The shopkeeper appeared to be over seventy years old, but his eyes were bright and shining.
Hearing Han Yi's words, the elderly shopkeeper's eyes flashed with shrewdness, and he quickly led Han Yi to the back of the shop.
";Oh, Fellow Daoist, please follow me.";
At the back of the shop, there were individual guest rooms. Inside the rooms, a faint scent of sandalwood permeated, and Immortal Qi lingered. Just a whiff invigorated one's spirit.
Once both parties were seated, Han Yi wasted no time and presented the extra Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills and Nurturing Qi Pills.
Two bottles of Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills and four bottles of Nurturing Qi Pills.
The elderly shopkeeper first opened the bottle cap of the Nurturing Qi Pills, sniffed it, half-squinted his eyes, and said nothing. He then opened the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills bottle cap, sniffed again, and barely perceptibly nodded.
";The quality of the Nurturing Qi Pills is average, while the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills are of average quality leaning towards the higher side, just a tiny bit away from the standard.";
";There are a total of 43 Nurturing Qi Pills, estimated to be worth 55 lower-grade Spirit Stones.";
";There are eight Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills, estimated to be worth 30 lower-grade Spirit Stones.";
";Fellow Daoist, what do you think?";
Upon hearing the elderly shopkeeper's words, Han Yi frowned deeply.


CHAPTER-13
13 Chapter 13: The Art of Sword Control

Because this valuation was a bit too low.
According to what he had previously learned, the market price for a single Nurturing Qi Pill was about one and a half Spirit Stones, while one Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill was about five Spirit Stones.
In other words, based on market prices, he could sell his Nurturing Qi Pills for sixty-five stones and his Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills for forty.
And now, the Lei Family's Trading Firm's offer for these six bottles of pills was a full twenty Spirit Stones lower than the market price.
Although he had expected the Lei Family's valuation to be low, he did not expect it to be this low.
There was one word to describe it.
Exploitative.
Han Yi did not immediately accept the offer but instead pondered for a moment and asked, ";I've heard that the Lei Family's Trading Firm sells low-level magic skills. I'd like to purchase one skill, shopkeeper, do you have any recommendations?";
As soon as Han Yi finished speaking, a smile appeared on the corner of the shopkeeper's mouth.
";Fellow Daoist, you've come to the right place.";
";We have a wide range of magic skills for sale in our shop, including defensive skills, magical attack skills, and artifact controlling skills.";
";Which category of skill are you looking for?";
";Also, do you have a price range? If so, I can help narrow down the options for you.";
At this moment, the elderly shopkeeper's words reminded Han Yi of a house-selling agent from his previous life. Their way of talking had some similarities.
";Shopkeeper, do you have any skills that I can afford with the valuation of these pills?"; Han Yi asked tentatively.
Upon hearing this, the shopkeeper's smile grew even wider.
";Of course.";
";However, those skills are just ordinary and low-level, with weak power. Some of them can even be considered chicken ribs  quite useless.";
";I sincerely suggest you choose a better magic skill.";
";Let me introduce you to the three top-selling skills of this quarter.";
";One is Tiangang Divine Fire, with the divine fire emerging, it can burn everything to ashes, even those at the High Qi Cultivation realm cannot escape. This is a powerful weapon.";
";One is Shadow Realm Infiltration. When cultivated to the extreme, it is rumored that not even those in the Foundation Establishment stage can catch your trace. It is an excellent skill for self-preservation.";
";One is Speech Spirit Skill. Every immortal speech can break the rules and temporarily rewrite them, truly mysterious.";
The shopkeeper's words came out smoothly without hesitation. Obviously, he had said this to countless people before.
Han Yi's eyes widened.
Desire welled up in his heart.
Tiangang Divine Fire, Shadow Realm Infiltration, and Speech Spirit Skill  these three skills sounded extremely impressive, let alone the detailed explanation of how powerful they were from the elderly shopkeeper.
This made Han Yi itch to acquire them.
However, he quickly calmed down.
These magic skills were absolutely not cheap, definitely more than a hundred stones, and perhaps even as high as several hundred Spirit Stones.
If he took a risk and sold all the other pills in his storage bag, it might be enough to buy one skill.
But.
He did not dare gamble.
This was completely different from his original plan, and he would not be able to explain it to the Xuan Fire Pill Store later.
Seeing Han Yi's thoughtful expression after being so tempted, the elderly shopkeeper thought to himself, ";As I expected.";
An alchemist, especially one who could refine Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills of nearly top-quality, must be wealthy. Surely he had more than just these pills on him.
What the shopkeeper wanted was for Han Yi to sell more pills or make up the difference in Spirit Stones to afford these three skills.
The final goal, of course, was to make a small profit.
Selling one skill was selling, selling two was also selling.
This was a profitable business without any capital investment.
The elderly shopkeeper was about to encourage Han Yi with more words but saw Han Yi spread his hands.
";Shopkeeper, it's not that I don't want to buy them, it's that I can't afford them.";
";These six bottles are all the pills I have on me. Just give me a straight answer, if I sell these six bottles and get eighty-five Spirit Stones, which skills can I buy here?";
Han Yi's sudden change left the shopkeeper with no choice but to swallow the words he had prepared.
But business is business, and the elderly shopkeeper was half a pure businessman.
Moreover, a transaction of 85 spirit stones was not a small amount.
";In that case, it is indeed a pity.";
";However, I do have a few magic skills within the price range of fellow Daoist.";
The old shopkeeper took out seven Scripture Transmission Jade Plates from a cabinet nearby. These jade plates were purely for transmitting magic skills, and only by placing them on the forehead could one receive the teachings.
Mysterious lights circulated on the seven jade plates.
The old shopkeeper placed one of them in his palm.
";This is a Light Body Technique, of course, it's the lowest level Light Body Technique. The original price is 30 spirit stones, but if you're really interested in buying it, I'd be bold enough to offer you a discount and sell it for 28.";
The old shopkeeper put down the jade plate and picked up the next one.
";This is a Water Control Skill, also the lowest level, originally priced at 40 spirit stones, but I can offer a discount of two.";
Next, he took out the third jade plate.

Light Body Technique, Water Control Skill, Scolding Skill, Bright Eyes Skill, Invisibility Skill, Wind Blade Skill, Sword Control Skill.
There were a total of seven magic skills, and Han Yi was itching to buy each one.
However, he was well aware of the principle of not trying to grab too much at once.
The most important thing was that he didn't have that many spirit stones.
";Shopkeeper, is the seventh skill a Sword Control Skill?"; Han Yi asked again for confirmation.
In his impression, the Sword Control Skill was a top-notch skill and not cheap.
The old shopkeeper nodded and held up the seventh jade plate:
";That's right. This is a Sword Control Skill. Of course, the reason for such a preferential price is mainly because this Sword Control Skill is incomplete. To be precise, it is a skill that lies between the mortal sword skill and the Immortal Sword Skill.";
";Let me say in advance; this Sword Control Skill has obvious pros and cons.";
";A real Sword Control Skill requires at least a high Qi Cultivation base and years of nurturing flying swords in order to control them. However, this Sword Control Skill, modified from the mortal sword skill, can be practiced as soon as one enters the Qi Cultivation Stage.";
";The low threshold is an advantage.";
";Compared to the advantages, the drawbacks are also obvious: the power of this Sword Control Skill is far inferior to that of the Immortal Sword Skill.";
";Another drawback is that it is more challenging to practice, and one might never be able to control the sword in flight throughout their life, only holding the flying sword for close combat.";
";Therefore, this modified Sword Control Skill is so cheap, requiring only 85 spirit stones.";
";Fellow Daoist, it's up to you to choose.";
After saying this, the old shopkeeper didn't bother to say more.
Apparently, his patience had reached its limit.
Across from him, Han Yi was indecisive.
Of these seven magic skills, he had initially ruled out the Water Control Skill and the Bright Eyes Skill due to their limitations, but he hadn't decided which of the remaining five to buy.
This was a difficult decision.
Seeing Han Yi's indecision, the old shopkeeper gave him a glance.
Situations like this were not uncommon in the past.
";What's so difficult to choose?";
";For magic skills, just buy the most expensive ones.";
";The most expensive ones are not necessarily the best, but they are definitely better than the cheaper ones; otherwise, why would they be priced higher than the others?";
These words awakened Han Yi.
Just like when he went shopping in his previous life, it made sense that expensive goods would likely be better quality than the cheap ones, judging by the probabilities.
";All right, shopkeeper, I'll take the Sword Control Skill.";
Han Yi made up his mind. As for the other magic skills, it wouldn't be too late to buy them next time.
The old shopkeeper's face softened slightly upon hearing his words.
An 85 spirit stone transaction, while not big, was still a small profit for him.
A moment later.
When Han Yi left the Lei Family's Trading Firm, there was an additional Scripture Transmission Jade Plate containing the Sword Control Skill in his storage bag.
He no longer approached other stalls but swiftly left the market and headed straight for the Xuan Huo Pill Shop.


CHAPTER-14
14 Chapter 14: Guan Sheng's Request

What Han Yi did not know was:
After he left the market, a figure had been following him secretly, waited until he entered the Mysterious Fire Alchemy Store, and then returned to the market after waiting for a moment.
";As I guessed, this kid should be the alchemist from the Mysterious Fire Alchemy Store.";
";But it's a bit strange, how can an alchemist who can refine the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills close to standard quality appear in the Mysterious Fire Alchemy Store?";
";From the information I have, an alchemist with such alchemy skills who's also so young would usually reside within the Xuandan Sect and rarely descend the mountain.";
The elderly shopkeeper who had just completed the transaction with Han Yi a quarter of an hour ago sat in the tranquil room filled with sandalwood, feeling quite puzzled.
";Forget it, you can go. Since this kid is with the Mysterious Fire Alchemy Store, don't act recklessly.";
With a wave of his hand, a figure dressed in a black cloak and standing in front of him, so quiet and breathless as if it didn't exist, bowed slightly and then vanished from the room in a flash, leaving no trace.
";The most likely possibility is that he's a disciple who came down the mountain to gain experience.";
";The Xuandan Sect is not to be trifled with. Let it be.";
The elderly shopkeeper stood up and abandoned some of his thoughts about Han Yi.
If Han Yi were a loose cultivator, there would be many ways for the shopkeeper to make use of him, or at least secretly take all his pills and treasures for himself.
However, it's a pity that Han Yi had a bigger backer, so the Lei family didn't dare to act recklessly.
Han Yi didn't know that he had inadvertently avoided the Lei family's ";side business.";
When he stepped into the Mysterious Fire Alchemy Store, he finally breathed a sigh of relief.
On the way, the killing intent that had appeared more than four months ago did not show up.
At the counter, Guan Sheng saw Han Yi appear and his eyes flashed with an indescribable expression.
";Congratulations, junior brother Han Yi on breaking through to the third layer of the Qi Cultivation stage. Such a joyous occasion.";
Guan Sheng immediately detected the fluctuations of the unstable third layer of Qi Cultivation on Han Yi's body.
Han Yi humbly expressed his thanks and then got to the point.
";I apologize, elder brother Guan. According to our agreement, I should have reported here earlier, but I was suddenly inspired to break through my realm, which delayed your business. It's my fault.";
Since Han Yi was being humble, Guan Sheng didn't pursue the matter further.
Next, Han Yi took out the pills and Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills for the transaction. As before, he sold the Nurturing Qi Pills for spirit stones, and the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills according to the 20/80 split, which also yielded about ten spirit stones.
This time, Han Yi received a total of 167 spirit stones.
He only used 50 spirit stones to buy materials for Nurturing Qi Pills because the Mysterious Fire Alchemy Store only had this much available, not because he didn't want to buy more.
As for other pills, he didn't want to deal with them for the time being.
It's better to focus on one aspect for optimal results.
";Junior brother Han Yi, your alchemy skill is becoming more and more refined, and your success rate is maintained at a certain level. With your current level, you'll definitely pass the sect assessment in half a year.";
";I, as your elder brother, would like to congratulate you in advance.";
Guan Sheng said with a smile while Han Yi thanked him with a bow.
Then, Guan Sheng gave Han Yi the materials for 20 Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills as usual.
This time, Guan Sheng didn't stop there but hesitated and said, ";Junior brother Han Yi, to be honest, I need your help with something.";
";Oh? What's the matter? Please give me your instructions, elder brother Guan."; Han Yi asked, puzzled.
What could it be that Guan Sheng couldn't handle, and how could he help?
If he really could help, of course, he wouldn't refuse this favor considering how Guan Sheng had been taking care of him.
Seeing Han Yi not refusing, Guan Sheng's face brightened, and he continued, ";This thing doesn't need to be done now.";
";According to the usual practice, in three months, someone from the sect's internal affairs will come to inspect the store. At that time, I happen to have an important matter and need to go out for a while.
I don't trust other people. At that time, I hope you can help me and stay in the store for half a month.
Junior brother, don't worry. By then, I'll arrange everything properly to ensure a smooth transition for you.
Besides, I'll provide spirit stone compensation for the half-month delay, so you won't be helping in vain.";
Upon hearing this, Han Yi laughed bitterly.
";Elder brother Guan, the Mysterious Fire Alchemy Store is so big, with so many pill businesses involved.";
";The responsibility is too great. I'm afraid I won't be able to handle it at that time.";
";Moreover, with sect matters coming up, I don't know how to properly receive them.";
Han Yi spread his hands.
To be honest, he just wanted to lay low, practice diligently, and enjoy the feeling of getting stronger every day.
He had even thought about doing this after returning to the Xuandan Sect in the future.
As for being in charge of the pill shop, he hadn't considered it at all.
Guan Sheng sighed softly and said helplessly, ";It's precisely because the responsibility is so great that I can't trust anyone else.";
";This year's sect inspection is crucial to my assessment, and there can't be the slightest mistake.";
";And it just so happens that I have something very important to take care of and can't stay.";
";So, I considered asking Junior Brother Han for help.";
";Through our interactions, I've found Junior Brother Han to be steady and reliable. I trust you and my own judgment.";
";Otherwise, I wouldn't make such a request rashly.";
";As for receiving the sect's administration, it's not a problem. There's an established process, and I'll prepare accordingly, so you don't have to worry too much.";
Upon hearing this, Han Yi thought for a moment before nodding.
";Alright then.";
";Since Senior Brother Guan values me so highly, it would be disrespectful for me to refuse any further.";
Han Yi finally agreed, and Guan Sheng's face lit up with joy.
";Great, with Junior Brother Han's help, the inspection this time will be flawless.";
Next, Han Yi asked more questions regarding the details of this matter, and Guan Sheng explained each point.
Half an hour later.
Han Yi left the Xuanhuo Pill Shop.
Inside the shop, the smile on Guan Sheng's face remained.
";The final piece of the puzzle is in place; my long-planned scheme is not in vain.";
";With the chick in the cage, great things can be expected.";
Guan Sheng's smile suddenly disappeared, as a tall and thin young man came down from the second floor.
The thin young man was Jiang De.
Jiang De shifted his gaze from Han Yi's retreating figure to Guan Sheng's face and spoke in a deep voice.
";Elder Guan, do you plan to have the boy take the fall during the sect's inspection?";
";Such a plan is full of holes, and if something happens, we'll all die.";
";My advice remains the same: get rid of him as soon as possible and forge evidence.";
";Besides, the kid just broke through to the third realm of Qi cultivation, providing a perfect excuse for accusing him of embezzlement.";
Jiang De wanted to continue persuading but was interrupted by Guan Sheng.
";Jiang De, my plan does not require your intervention.";
";I warn you, don't cause trouble during this time, or you'll regret it.";
Guan Sheng's expression was unusually gloomy.
Jiang De stared at him for a moment, stopped talking, turned around, and went back up to the second floor. A moment later, he came back down and walked outside the shop.
";Where are you going?"; Guan Sheng asked without looking up.
";Collecting goods."; Jiang De waved the bill in his hand, expressionless, as he left the pill shop.
Guan Sheng lowered his head and ignored him.
Today was the day to collect spiritual medicine and herbs.

On the other hand, after leaving the Xuanhuo Pill Shop, Han Yi didn't think much about it.
He took it as a regular request from Senior Brother Guan. Since he had no ulterior motives, he could explain it if there were any issues.
He decided to accept it as owing someone a favor.


CHAPTER-15
15 Chapter 15: Bombing Indiscriminately

After leaving the Pill Shop, Han Yi went straight to his residence.
For him,
Mengshan City's safest places were the Pill Shop and his own courtyard.
Today's outing reaped full rewards:
Not only did he buy a flawed version of a Sword Control magic skill, but he also traded pills, bought materials, and for the first time had over a hundred Spirit Stones in cash.
A huge fortune.
At Little Lingxu Peak, probably only those high-ranking Outer Sect disciples in the High Qi Cultivation stages of the fifth or sixth layers could be so ostentatious.
As the saying goes, having money gives one confidence.
No matter which world it is, this statement always holds true.
In Han Yi's mind, he now had a plan to no longer restrain himself and extravagantly use Spirit Stones when pushing his cultivation progress forward.
If his aptitude wasn't enough, then he would use Spirit Stones to make up for it.
The third layer of Qi Cultivation was only a step-off, and reaching the Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating, the Late Stage of Qi Cultivation, or even, the Immortal Path Foundation Building, would all simply be a matter of time.
Just as Han Yi was thinking this,
He had already walked more than halfway and was passing through a small alley. After two more streets, he would reach his courtyard.
This small alley was relatively the most remote place between the Pill Shop and his residence.
As usual, while passing through this alley, he would remain especially vigilant.
As he came close to the end, he heard muffled footsteps from behind.
The footsteps grew closer within a short span of time, covering several tens of meters and closing the gap between them to just three meters within about three seconds.
Han Yi's eyebrows furrowed, he slowed down a bit and moved towards the wall.
Since the person was in such a hurry, it would be better to let them pass first.
In doing so, he could reduce the potential danger.
It was his natural instinct.
The alley wasn't too narrow, measuring three meters in width, and it wouldn't take the other party more than a brief moment to pass by, causing hardly any delay.
As Han Yi moved aside, before he could get a good look at the person, he smelled a pungent odor.
This isthe smell of pills.
Was that person an Alchemist?
Only someone who practiced the Alchemy Skill and was continually refining pills would possess such an extraordinary smell.
But, why did this smell feel familiar? Had he smelled this before?
This thought surfaced in his Inner Heart.
At this very moment, the person was close enough to him, just about two meters away and was about to pass through the alley.
Han Yi's Inner Heart still had a lingering thought about the pungent odor,' and as he puzzled over this, he remained doubtful.
Within an instant, the scene changed in his mind, and he remembered when he had first entered the Pill Shop. It was a faint smell he had noticed at that time.
The owner of the smell was
Suddenly,
He raised his head abruptly.
Jiang De.
The person brushing past him was Jiang De.
Before he could think any further, he keenly sensed a slight fluctuation in magical power.
This slight fluctuation erupted from the figure standing two meters away, parallel to his position.
At the same time,
A killing intent  completely unmasked  surged violently.
In a flash,
Han Yi's hair stood on end, and he felt his scalp tingling with goosebumps.
The breath of death felt so eerily close.
In the blink of an eye, his thoughts failed to keep pace, but his body instinctively reacted.
";Puh!";
He fiercely swung his right hand, releasing a deeply compressed Spirit Light as he flicked his bent fingers.
Because the reaction was instinctive, the amount of magical power compressed in this Spirit Void Finger technique was still one-fiftieth of his total magical power.
The Spirit Light exploded between the two of them, and within the exploding mass of Spirit Energy, there were leaping flames.
Intensely hot aura assaulted him.
The other party's magic skill had a fire element.
Han Yi dared not imagine what would happen if he had been hit by this fire elemental magic skill  whether he'd be burnt to ashes.
But he could roughly predict that he might meet his end here today.
This thought, just a fleeting one.
As the thought was not extinguished, anger surged wildly.
The first thing to explode was still his instinct.
After a Spirit Void Finger burst and blocked the opponent's magic skill, the opponent also clearly did not expect such an accident. They thought they could kill Han Yi in one move, but their next magic skill was not ready.
Under the threat of death, instinct wouldn't stop.
Almost immediately after his right hand's Spirit Void Finger, his left hand also threw one out.
In a very short period that was almost impossible to capture, the second Spirit Void Finger had already passed through the chaotic spirit energy group of leaping flames and heavily slammed onto the opponent's arm.
";Boom!";
The opponent's arm blasted apart at the shoulder.
A mist of blood burst open.
A short scream rang out with it.
It wasn't over.
Puff, puff, puff
The crisis of death and the anger caused instincts to explode first, followed by rationality taking control of the body.
No matter which one, within the two breaths, or six seconds.
Han Yi's whole body's magic power was poured out in an instant.
A full fifty Spirit Void Fingers, like dazzling fireworks, exploded one after another in the small alley.
Bombs went haywire.
Things were going slow, but happening fast.
The footsteps sounded behind him, and as Han Yi turned his body, the opponent's body had a magic power fluctuation. In the critical moment, instinctively flicked his finger, and then his body's magic power was completely poured out.
It was just a few breaths' worth of time.
Only then did other people in the small alley react.
Spirit energy was still tumbling, and screams rang out around it.
Han Yi didn't have time to think much.
He needed to quickly rush through the entrance of the alley and flee.
Suddenly, he kicked something under his feet. Looking down, he grabbed it with one hand and, without stopping, turned the corner and disappeared in an instant.
One quarter of an hour later.
Mengshan City's official cultivators arrived tardily.
What they saw was a body that had been blasted into pieces.
Calling it a body wasn't exactly right; it was more like a mass of rotten flesh.
A high Qi cultivation cultivator frowned.
";The residual aura here is roughly at the level of Qi Cultivating 4th Layer, and it doesn't exceed Spirit Energy 5th Layer.";
";Moreover, there's only this mass of rotten flesh left, and there's no identity marker on it. What to investigate?";
";Cultivators fighting, isn't this a daily occurrence? Besides, it didn't hurt any mortals.";
";And, the opponent's storage bag isn't at the scene. It must have been stolen.";
";No need to investigate, classify it as a robbing cultivator case.";
The high Qi cultivation cultivator waved his hand, determined the nature of the battle, and left by himself.
Half an hour later.
Some low-level cultivators came to clean up the scene.
Two hours later, there were no other traces left at the scene besides the smell of blood.
And rewinding time.
As Han Yi turned the corner of the small alley, his body couldn't help but tremble. However, with great perseverance, he controlled his steps, prevented himself from running too fast, and quickly blended into the crowd.
When he finally got to the courtyard door, he squeezed out the last bit of his magic power, transferred it into the array disk, opened the courtyard door, and locked it behind him.
He couldn't hold on any longer.
The whole person leaned against the courtyard door and collapsed on the ground.
Fear, anger, panic, disgust
Various emotions surged one after another.
At this moment, his forcibly suppressed heartbeat suddenly jumped wildly, as if the entire heart would leap out of his throat alive.
";Jiang De wanted to kill me.";
";I killed him.";


CHAPTER-16
16 Chapter 16: Re-examining

Gradually calming down.
Han Yi's biggest concern was whether the official cultivators would come knocking on his door, following his tracks.
Murder was always hard to explain.
But he waited till late at night, and still saw no sign of movement, so he gradually settled down.
In fact, after Han Yi's crossing, his understanding of this world remained superficial.
Subconsciously, he was still the engineer and technical geek from his previous life, living under the rule of law.
In his previous life, murder was illegal.
In Daqian, as long as you act quickly and don't violate the Daqian Law, killing a cultivator comes with no consequences.
After speculating that the authorities wouldn't come to the sect's door.
Han Yi began reviewing everything that happened today.
The appearance was that Jiang De wanted to kill him.
He definitely didn't mistake the first burst of magical energy and murderous intent.
What was the reason?
Why?
The two had little contact, having only met two or three times, merely nodding acquaintances without even exchanging words.
What kind of grudge could they have?
Han Yi racked his brains but couldn't figure it out.
As for the outcome of the skirmish, Han Yi killed Jiang De in self-defense.
There was no doubt about it. Even in his previous life under the rule of law, if someone tried to kill him, he would fight back in self-defense.
Han Yi didn't regret killing.
Moreover, the encounter in the alley was too short. After he killed Jiang De, he merely saw the body gradually explode and shatter, obscured by the chaotic cluster of spiritual energy.
This was also the main reason why he felt sick after returning to the courtyard.
";It's too dangerous.";
";Last time I went out, I encountered a murder attempt out of nowhere.";
";This time, it's Jiang De trying to ambush me.";
";No, maybe the murder attempt last time came from Jiang De, but I was lucky to escape by blending into the crowd and creating confusion.";
Han Yi's thoughts raced in his mind, and he vaguely sensed a conspiracy against him.
Something was off.
Very off.
";Since coming to Mengshan City, the people I've met only include a few.";
";Guan Sheng, Jiang De, Xiao Yi, Xia Qingyi, and the shopkeeper in the Lei family market.";
";Jiang De's murder attempt should have nothing to do with the Lei family market.";
";Among them, Jiang De is already dead, and the only person I can trust is Guan Sheng";
When Han Yi reached this point, he suddenly paused, his brows furrowed, and then shook his head.
";No, I'm stuck in my preconceived notions.";
";Theoretically, the only person I can trust in Mengshan City is myself.";
";Based on this foundation, I should be screening everyone.";
";No one else can be trusted.";
Han Yi's heart sank slightly.
He didn't know what kind of conspiracy awaited him.
However.
As long as he stayed still and endured, every trick would be exposed.
Endure.
Endure for half a year, endure until the sect's assessment when he could leave Mengshan City and return to Little Lingxu Peak, and he would be safe.
Thinking of this, Han Yi let out a sigh of relief.
";It seems like I can only apologize to Guan Sheng.";
";From now on, I'll endure until half a year later.";
";As for the exorcise evil spirits pill, I'll refine it after joining the sect. Pass it on to Guan Sheng through Brother Guan Di. As for the profits, I don't want them. Consider it compensation for Guan Sheng.";
";I believe Guan Sheng will understand.";
";At most, I'll compensate him with more pills when I'm stronger in the future.";
Han Yi made up his mind to endure from this moment on.
Afterward.
He took out the bloodstained storage bag that he had accidentally kicked just before leaving the alley.
He tried infusing it with his magical power.
As expected, he met some resistance, but it wasn't strong.
This indicated that the storage bag's owner, Jiang De, was indeed of a higher realm than himself, but only slightly so.
Based on his review of the skirmish in the alley.
Jiang De should have been at the fourth level of Qi Cultivation.
However, Jiang De was too careless, attempting a sneak attack, and encountered Han Yi, who had cultivated the Spirit Void Finger' to the Enter the Hall realm.
Being counter-killed was just a matter of time and fate.
Han Yi continued to input his mana, taking a full hour before he could open Jiang De's storage bag.
After seeing the contents of the storage bag, Han Yi's eyes lit up.
He collected all of his belongings in the quiet room first, and with a wave of his hand, he poured out the items from Jiang De's storage bag.
The quiet room was filled to the brim.
Familiar and unfamiliar smells of spiritual medicines and herbs rushed into his nostrils.
Herbs for alchemy.
Although these herbs were in their initial state and needed to be sorted and stored in jade boxes, there were so many of them that they constituted a huge fortune for him.
Converted into spirit stones, they were worth far more than a hundred stones.
He had struck it rich.
Han Yi had this thought flash through his mind.
Then, a few words appeared.
No wonder there's an old saying, ";Killing and arson bring riches, bridge building and road repair bring no corpses; man won't be rich without windfall, horse won't be fat without night grass.";
Day and night, Han Yi had no intention of sleeping. By the time the sun rose on the second day, he had finished sorting all the spiritual medicines and herbs.
Next.
He looked at the items he had sorted out besides the herbs.
There were not many spirit stones, only seventy-eight.
Spirit Sand, about thirty pounds.
Spirit Coal, around three hundred pounds.
An eight-sided silver alchemy furnace.
A pile of jade bottles; some contained pills he recognized, while others contained pills he had never seen before.
Exorcise evil spirits pills, Grain Avoiding Pills, Nurturing Qi Pills, Focus Pills, Breaking Stage Pills, Containing God Pills
Beside all this
Han Yi looked at the last items.
They were three ancient bronze-colored daggers.
The daggers had no handle and were only as long as a palm.
Staring at the daggers, Han Yi's heart was first filled with solemnity, followed by lingering fear.
This was a set of magical artifacts.
If, just if, in that narrow alley, Jiang De hadn't used a sneak attack with his magic skill, but had instead used the magical artifacts to attack from dozens of meters away
The result might have been completely different.
So, when he saw this set of magical artifacts clearly, the lingering fear surged in Han Yi's heart.
";Going all out in an encounter on a narrow road is essential.";
";One must never have any luck, or else one will die.";
Han Yi had a profound understanding of going all out.'
He collected the spirit stones, spirit sand, pills, spirit coal, and other miscellaneous items into his storage bag and put the alchemy furnace and other items into Jiang De's storage bag.
Then, he turned his gaze back to the magical dagger artifacts and tried to use his mana to drive them, but unfortunately, his cultivation base at the third layer of Qi cultivation was only enough to drive the daggers to shuttle within three meters of his body.
Furthermore, he could only control two daggers at most.
Han Yi also noticed that these three daggers were obviously a set, and only by controlling all three simultaneously could their power be maximized.
Although this set of magical artifacts was of lower quality, it was an excellent magical artifact for both offense and defense.
After half a day of control, Han Yi suddenly thought of something.
He took out a Scripture Transmission Jade Plate from his storage bag, which he had purchased from the Lei family market for eighty-five spirit stones.
His eyes brightened, and a thought suddenly struck him.
Could he use the Sword Control Skill to control these three daggers and turn them into flying swords?
Once this idea arose, Han Yi felt it was feasible.
But he didn't try it out just yet.
Practicing Sword Control Skill would definitely require a long time.
And the alley fight had shown him the terrifying power of the Spirit Void Finger.
He wanted to have multiple skills, but also to specialize in one.
Under the current circumstances, specializing in one skill first and then acquiring multiple skills to increase his trump cards was the ideal approach.
So, he decided to continue his arduous cultivation.
Once he reached the next realm of the Spirit Void Finger, he would practice the Sword Control Skill.
As for the loud noise caused by practicing the Spirit Void Finger in the courtyard, he had thought of a solution: to practice the Spirit Void Finger in his bedroom and direct the attack downwards.
At most, it would just blow out a basement.
At most, when he returned to the sect later, he would have to pay for the damages.


CHAPTER-17
17 Chapter 17: Completely Cunning

The hundreds of Spirit Stones traded from the Xuandan Sect's pill shop, along with the Spirit Stones and Spirit Sand scavenged from Jiang De's storage bag, were nearing a total of two hundred Spirit Stones.
This substantial sum was absolutely enough to support Han Yi's cultivation for half a year.
Even within this half year, if he used the Spirit Stones for cultivation, he would at most consume two-thirds of them.
This was Han Yi's estimation.
In other words, by the time the one-year period ended, he would still have enough Spirit Stones to support the completion of his Return to Sect examination.
This was also one of the reasons he decided to stay in the courtyard for the next half year, without leaving whatsoever.
Having organized everything, Han Yi then devoted himself to cultivation without distraction.
Magic Skill: Spirit Void Finger.
He cleared out the two bedrooms in advance, then aimed downward with the attack.
From previous practice, on his Proficiency Panel, as long as he concentrated on cultivation, it would push progress, so the attacking direction, whether downward or forward, would be the same.
Plop!
He lightly flicked his finger, this time, not using one-fiftieth of his body's magic power, but tried to reduce it to one percent.
The reduction in output of magic power felt awkward for Han Yi at the beginning.
But he still persisted, and at the start, after every Spirit Void Finger was flicked, he paused for a few beats, engrossing himself in the hidden mysteries contained within.
Then, the duration of these pauses gradually shortened.
The speed at which the magic power in his body was drawn to his fingertips gradually increased, and the way he condensed his magic power was fine-tuned according to his ever-improving understanding.
Each time might only entail an imperceptible adjustment, even after ten times, there seemed to be no noticeable difference from before.
But after twenty times, after fifty times, after seventy times, the change was conspicuous.
After stabilizing his understanding, he attempted to reduce the magic power condensed each time.
This was both cultivation of Spirit Void Finger and control over every bit of magic power in his body, which indirectly improved his Alchemy Skill as well.
So he continued, without cease.
Inside the closed bedroom, Han Yi moved his hands, and from between his fingers, Spirit Light interlaced and brightened.
The ground kept breaking apart.
Deep pits, shallow holes, shattered stones, fine sand, the original floor tiles were broken so that not even a trace could be found.
However, thanks to the Array of the courtyard and the closed doors of the bedroom, the sound from inside could hardly be heard outside, which did not attract attention.
After depleting the magic power in his body, he practiced with the Spirit Stones in the quiet room next door to recover his magic power.
Cultivation was timeless.
A month later.
Spirit Void Finger (Enter the Hall 40/100)
Over this month, Han Yi had practiced to the point where his hands were nearly numb.
His understanding seemed to have hit a bottleneck.
Han Yi decided to put a halt to the cultivation of the Spirit Void Finger and start refining pills.
First the exorcise evil spirits pill, then the Nurturing Qi Pill. As for other pills, he had no Pill Formula, even if he had the materials, there was no way to refine pills from nothing.
With the breakthrough of his Alchemy Skill and the increasing control over every inch of magic power in his body, the quality of his pill refining greatly improved, and the time consumed decreased significantly.
Within a mere half month, he had already refined twenty batches of Nurturing Qi Pills, along with six batches of exorcise evil spirits pills.
The success rate of the Nurturing Qi Pills had reached eighty percent.
Moreover, the success rate of refining exorcise evil spirits pills had reached thirty percent.
Furthermore, within these, three batches of standard quality pills were successful, and the other pills were of good quality, close to the standard one.
This was something that, within the Xuandan Sect, only the inner disciples at the seventh level of Qi cultivation could achieve.
Subsequently, he began cultivation of the Spirit Void Finger' again.
While cultivating the Spirit Void Finger, he used Spirit Stones to recover his magic power, thus promoting progress toward the third level of Qi cultivation.
Day rose and night fell, time truly flowed through his fingertips.
At some point in time,
While Han Yi, who was immersed in absorbing the Spirit Stone and recovering his magic power, suddenly heard a series of knocking sounds.
Thump, thump, thump!!
This knocking sound came from outside the courtyard.
If it were any other sounds from outside the courtyard colliding, Han Yi inside the quiet room wouldn't hear them due to the protection of the formation.
But the sound he heard now was so clear which left only one possibility: someone outside the courtyard was shaking the formation.
Only then would the sound be transmitted in here.
Malicious attacks should be impossible.
This was broad daylight and the land deed of this courtyard belonged to Xu Huo Pill Shop, in other words, the Xuandan Sect.
The Xuandan Sect spanned across three counties. Except for Daqian's official forces, no other forces in Mengshan City dared to openly challenge the Xuandan Sect.
So, it's not an attack, it should be someone trying to call him out by shaking the formation.
Han Yi suddenly realized, it had been three months since the last time.
During the last time at Xu Huo Pill Shop, he had agreed to Guan Sheng that he would stay in the pill shop for half a month in place of Guan Sheng.
He was attacked by Jiang De on his way back in a small alley, which made Han Yi become extremely cautious, and decided to reject all going out circumstances, to huddle in the courtyard and quietly wait for the end of the year.
Seeing the persistent banging noise not stopping even after a quarter of an hour.
Han Yi had no choice but to step out of the quiet room, came to the gate holding the array plate of the courtyard's formation, and put a little magic power into it.
With this formation plate, he essentially became the master of this formation and could put the formation into a half-open state besides the functions of opening and closing.
The so-called half-open state means it can transmit sound, but it cannot be used for passage.
";May I ask which fellow Daoist is it?";
After putting the formation into a half-open state, the booming sound became the dominant sound again without the formation's blockage and suddenly stopped after Han Yi spoke.
";Junior Brother Han, it's me, I am Guan Sheng.";
Outside the door, Guan Sheng, who had been waiting for half a day, saw the door was closed tightly, couldn't help using the magic skill to shake the formation at the gate. He held back his inner anger, his face even wore his usual smile.
The three-month deadline was up, his plan was about to start, all that was missing was trapping Han Yi in it.
In fact, he was supposed to wait for Han Yi to deliver himself to Xu Huo Pill Shop, but after waiting for half a day without seeing Han Yi, he came to summon him personally.
Worried that showing too much eagerness might arouse Han Yi's suspicions, he even waited for a few hours outside the door in conceality.
Seeing the day getting darker, if Han Yi didn't show up, how could the follow-up plans be carried out?
He could only shake the formation obligatorily to force Han Yi out.
";Junior Brother Han, please open the door.";
";The three-month deadline is here, and I am about to go out, I need to urgently hand over the pill shop's matters to you, so I can cope with the coming inspection.";
Between the two sides of the door.
Han Yi felt torn upon hearing this.
He did not want to be untrustworthy.
Moreover, Guan Sheng also said that this matter was very important to him. If he broke his promise abruptly, it would disrupt all of Guan Sheng's plans.
It would be like harming him directly.
He couldn't bear it.
About to speak, Han Yi hesitated and retreated, his face changing unpredictably.
";Junior Brother Han? Junior Brother Han?";
";What's the matter?";
";You open the door first, if you have any difficulties, please raise it as soon as possible. I am leaving the city tomorrow, and there's not much time left for the handover.";
Outside the door, Guan Sheng's tone was sincere and gentle.
But inside the door, Han Yi became composed.
The murderous intent from Jiang De, the crisis in that small alley, even though it has been three months, it was still fresh in his mind, jumping out at this moment, warning him.
After contemplating for a bit, Han Yi sighed and broke his silence.
Compared to his life, what was breaking a promise?
";I'm sorry, Senior Brother Guan.";
";I have had some insights in Alchemy Skill, and I'm afraid I won't be able to leave the courtyard for the next few days.";
";Please find someone else, and I will make it up to you later.";
As soon as his words finished, he quickly put a hint of magic power into the formation plate, once again activated the formation in his courtyard, then rapidly retreated back into the quiet room.
Outside the courtyard.
Guan Sheng, who had been all smiles, looked stiff.


CHAPTER-18
18 Chapter 18: Strong Killing Intent

In the next instant, Guan Sheng's smile quickly faded, turning gloomy and then sinister.
The smile was a disguise, and the sinister expression revealed his true state of mind.
At this moment.
This sinister feeling reached its peak.
He was fooled.
A thought flashed through his mind, and a surge of anger emerged on his gloomy face.
This anger surged rapidly, but it also disappeared in less than a moment.
The smile returned.
It was as if the rapid transformation of his expression had been merely an illusion.
He let out a heavy sigh.
";Junior Brother Han Yi, you are really playing tricks on me.";
";Isn't this just setting me up for failure?";
";Junior Brother Han, open the door first and let's talk. The alchemy can come later, or your senior brother can compensate you with spirit stones.";
";Just name your conditions.";
";Where can I find a suitable helper in such a hurry?";
";Really, really, sigh";
Guan Sheng continued to plead outside the door, his tone and expression were both very infectious.
Unfortunately, he didn't know that Han Yi inside the room had already closed the array again and entered the quiet room, blocking out all noises.
A little over a quarter of an hour later, Guan Sheng outside the door knew his mouth was getting dry from speaking and realized there was still no sound from inside the room.
He had no choice but to give up, let out a dissatisfied snort, and leave with a flick of his sleeve.
But.
Only after he had walked about ten meters away, and with his back to the courtyard, his face appeared extremely gloomy again.
";Something is wrong.";
";There is definitely something wrong.";
Guan Sheng suddenly felt a sense of crisis in his heart.
Three months ago, he had clearly made an agreement with Han Yi, and Han Yi had agreed to help.
Why, after three months, did Han Yi act so differently? He didn't even dare to open the door, clearly rejecting him from a thousand miles away.
According to his previous observations, Han Yi was not of this temperament.
Furthermore, he had taken great care of Han Yi, even giving him the Pill Formula for exorcise evil spirits pill, providing raw materials free of charge, and sharing 20% of the profits from the refined pills.
This kind of care could already be considered a heavy favor.
A normal person would not refuse to help with a task that takes less than half a month.
Furthermore.
Three months ago
Guan Sheng's footsteps paused as he thought back to the day Han Yi had left three months ago when Jiang De had also disappeared after stepping out.
That's right, he disappeared.
In the Cultivation World, when someone disappears, Guan Sheng knew very well what it meant.
He searched secretly for a long time and eventually suspected an incident involving cultivator fights in an alley several blocks away from the Pill Shop where Jiang De might be involved.
But it was only a possibility.
Through his connections, he found the Daqian official's Qi Cultivating Cultivator and reviewed the fight at that time.
He only knew that the battle at the scene was very brief, lasting only a few breaths before the fighting ceased, leaving behind an unidentifiable body.
Guan Sheng was not sure if that body was Jiang De's.
If it was, who was the enemy?
He didn't suspect Han Yi back then because Han Yi had just broken through to the third layer of Qi Cultivation, while Jiang De was at the fourth-layer.
Moreover, he was very familiar with the Alchemy Skills of these external sect disciples. Han Yi's Alchemy Skills were mediocre, and his combat skills were even more disastrous. He probably only knew one basic Magic Skill that wasn't even up to par.
Jiang De, on the other hand, though also an Alchemist, had cultivated several powerful attacking Magic Skills.
Compared to Han Yi, who had just broken through to the third layer of Qi Cultivation without revealing any slightly outstanding Magic Skills, Jiang De was simply a dimensional attack.
If the fight in the alley had indeed involved the two of them, it would have been effortless for Jiang De.
However, according to the records, the suspected Jiang De's character was completely crushed during the battle.
Such an ability to crush Jiang De would have required at least a peak fourth-layer Qi Cultivation, or even the fifth-layer Qi Cultivation.
Based on this range, Han Yi could already be ruled out.
However,
looking at Han Yi's attitude today, Guan Sheng felt extremely strange.
Was Han Yi the one who killed Jiang De in the first place?
This conjecture could be entirely ruled out.
there were two other possibilities.
The first possibility was that Jiang De indeed made a move against Han Yi, but for some unknown reason, Jiang De was killed by another Cultivator.
This Cultivator might have thought that Jiang De was attacking them, and fought back, causing Jiang De to be crushed into debris without any restraint.
And this made Han Yi become extremely suspicious of Jiang De and gradually extended the suspicion to everyone else. So today, when facing Guan Sheng, he wouldn't even dare open the door.
The second possibility was that in these three months, whether by accident or deliberate investigation, Han Yi had discovered the problems with the Xuanhuo Pill Shop and became suspicious of Guan Sheng.
At this moment, Guan Sheng's inner thoughts flashed through his mind, and he deduced the two most likely possibilities as he perceived.
Han Yi's claim that he had an inspiration in his alchemy skill and was about to break through, Guan Sheng did not believe it even a bit, not even punctuation-wise.
And regardless of which of the two possibilities above, it showed that Han Yi could not be let go under any circumstances.
Han Yi must die.
As Guan Sheng walked non-stop, his footsteps had already set the tone for Han Yi's life and death.
As for killing Han Yi directly here, he wouldn't choose to do that, of course.
Even with his cultivation base as a Qi Cultivating Cultivator at the sixth level, it would take some time to forcibly attack the Array of this courtyard, and it would definitely create a huge commotion.
There were too many ways for him to kill Han Yi.
On the other side,
in the quiet room.
After recovering his magic power, Han Yi resumed his cultivation of Spirit Void Finger.
With only a little over two months left before the one-year deadline, he was urgently in need of pushing the Spirit Void Finger to a new realm.
But the more urgent, the more he knew that he couldn't be impatient.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
At this moment, the two bedrooms had already been connected, with walls full of holes and even a pit three meters deep on the ground.
Thump, thump, thump
His ten fingers continuously flicked, with spirit light surging, as if they were playing an exquisite divine melody on the guzheng.
Time flew by.
However, Han Yi, who had immersed himself in cultivation again without any distractions, didn't know that there was a certain pair of eyes watching the courtyard from a hidden, remote place every day outside the yard.
The owner of these eyes was not Guan Sheng, but the person Guan Sheng had instructed to keep an eye on Han Yi.
At a certain moment, the person watching the courtyard suddenly jolted because a huge vibration suddenly erupted from the courtyard, shaking the entire Array.
The vibration was brief but real, and Guan Sheng had ordered that any changes in the courtyard were to be reported.
He quietly squatted until the night approached before leaving the surveillance spot and heading to the Xuanhuo Pill Shop.
";An abnormal vibration?"; Guan Sheng raised an eyebrow after hearing the report.
";Yes, Old Guan, the vibration was very loud, as if the entire courtyard Array shook, but I didn't see anyone attacking the courtyard.";
";Moreover, this vibration is the first abnormality within the Array this month, and it's clearly problematic.";
";Did anyone inside come out?"; Guan Sheng asked again.
";No, I was very vigilant and kept watching. There's no way I could be wrong. Up until the moment I left, the Array was still maintained, and it's impossible for anyone inside to leave.";
";Alright, since the person is still inside, don't worry about him. Tomorrow you continue to keep an eye on him.";
";Remember, if there's any movement, report back to me immediately. Do not act rashly. Remember this.";
Guan Sheng waved his hand, and the person in front of him respectfully bowed and retreated.
";A huge abnormal vibration? Could it be that the Pill Furnace exploded?";
";That's not right. Even if the Pill Furnace exploded, there'd be the house as a buffer, and with Han Yi's strength, he couldn't possibly shake the Array.";
";Interesting, I can't believe we can't see any secrets on this boy.";
";In just over a month, the one-year deadline will be up, so you can't avoid coming out, and then";
Guan Sheng's eyes narrowed, revealing a hint of murderous intent.
No matter what Han Yi knew or speculated, he had to die.


CHAPTER-19
19 Chapter 19: Returning to the Sect Ahead of Time

Meanwhile, on the other side.
During the day, the thunderous noise of the yard's Array was caused by Han Yi unleashing the Spirit Void Finger.
Because his Spirit Void Finger advanced to the next level.
However, before he could rejoice, the downwardly-fired Spirit Void Finger directly shook the Array foundation, causing a significant tremor.
The tremor was so strong, not only did he stir up dust filling the sky, leaving him in an embarrassing mess, but it also startled him.
Moreover, the bedroom, which had been standing upright in front of him, collapsed in its latter half.
It was only due to the Array and the viewing angle that the people squatting at the door could not see this change.
Han Yi couldn't care less about his embarrassing state. Instead, he laughed heartily. After laughing, he let out a deep breath, the energy like a surge, swirling up the remaining Spirit Energy in the bedroom, rolling endlessly, permeating the entire room.
It took a long time for it to calm down.
Four months later, his Spirit Void Finger reached a new height, and the formidable power of the Spirit Void Finger at the new height allowed Han Yi to gain some confidence in self-protection.
";This power definitely reaches the Qi Cultivating sixth layer or even the peak of the sixth layer.";
Han Yi looked at his Proficiency Panel at this moment, feeling a surge of warm emotion in his heart.
Name: Han Yi
Lifespan: 21/89
Realm: Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating (78/100)
Method: Fire Profound Skill (Proficient 17/100)
Skills:
Alchemy Skill (Enter the Hall 63/100)
Spirit Void Finger (Mastering 1/100)
After four months of hard work, the entire Panel looks completely refreshed.
Thanks to the uncostly usage of Spirit Stone, his realm advancement to the middle stage of Qi Cultivating also reached 78/100.
And his basic Fire Profound Skill has crossed from beginner level to the new level, becoming proficient.
As for skills.
Alchemy Skill is still at the ";Enter the Hall"; stage.
While Spirit Void Finger has already surpassed the Alchemy Skill, entering a new realm  Mastering.
Spirit Void Finger at the realm of Mastering, its formidable power has greatly impressed Han Yi.
";I still have a month to go.";
";I need to prepare for two fronts.";
";On one hand, use the Spirit Stone, no, not just the Spirit Stone, but also the Nurturing Qi Pill directly for cultivation, striving to reach the fourth layer of Qi Cultivating.";
";Secondly, along with that set of three low-grade dagger-shaped magical weapons, learn Sword Control Skill as a second move apart from the Spirit Void Finger.";
Han Yi's plan was clear, and instead of expanding his confidence after a breakthrough, he remained extremely steady.
Moreover, he decided to start using the Nurturing Qi Pills as an aid for cultivation.
The effect of Nurturing Qi Pill is more efficient and milder compared to the Spirit Stone when converted into the body's magic power.
The enhancement of a single Nurturing Qi Pill is a lot less than a single Spirit Stone, but its effect is more efficient for breaking into the middle stage of Qi Cultivating, thus in the market, a single Nurturing Qi Pill is priced around one and a half Spirit Stones because of the pill's characteristics.
";There's another important decision that needs to be made on top of these two preparations.";
";That is, regardless of whether I can make a breakthrough or how far I can progress in learning Sword Control Skill, I need to leave Mengshan City ahead of time.";
Based on his own understanding of the situation, he doesn't know who else in Mengshan City bears malicious intent towards him.
But he had a feeling that he couldn't stay here.
And to leave, of course, it's best to leave suddenly when people least expect it.
Even if there are people who intend to harm him, they would also be caught off guard because of his sudden departure.
With this in mind, Han Yi decided to set off for the sect half a month early.
That is, he still has a month's time.
Next.
Han Yi continued to cultivate diligently.
Spirit Stone, Nurturing Qi Pill, all were fully utilized.
Yet just three days later, he stopped, his brow furrowed.
";No, this won't work, my previous thoughts were too naive.";
";The progress is too slow. According to the current pace of practice, not only won't I be able to break into the fourth layer of Qi Cultivating, but I also won't make much progress in Sword Control Skill.";
";We cannot rush, we must not rush.";
";Wanting this and that, clearly, is overly idealistic.";
";Moreover, even if I could break through to the fourth layer of Qi Cultivating, I wouldn't be able to stabilize my cultivation base, but would instead affect my control over magic power due to a recent breakthrough thus could lead to the instability of the strongest Spirit Void Finger and might even hurt myself.";
After thinking for a while, Han Yi decisively gave up on the breakthrough in cultivation base, instead switching to cultivating Sword Control Skill.
In that alley, he killed Jiang De, who was higher than his own cultivation base, with his Qi Cultivating third-layer cultivation base by relying on Magic Skill.
Cultivation base is obviously important, but Magic Skill is the key to overcoming stronger opponents.
First, he took out the incomplete Sword Control Skill he bought from the Lei family market place, then he took the Scripture Transmission Jade Plate and placed it on his forehead.
Suddenly, several Magic Skills surged into his mind, along with it came a guiding voice.
This is the Scripture Transmission Jade Plate.
Of course, this kind of jade plate belongs to the lowest level of single-use jade plates. Once used, it will turn into a waste stone.
Better quality Scripture Transmission Jade Plates can even exist permanently, without limitation on usage. That's one of the foundations of major sects.
A moment later, after putting down the depleted jade plate, he took out a dagger-shaped magical weapon and put it on his knee, leaning an arm on the dagger.
The magic power inside his body, as depicted in the Magic Skills, began to flow into the dagger.
In the beginning, he felt a sense of rejection and heaviness.
This was the magical weapon's repelling of him.
Han Yi was not impatient, but continued to transfer the magical power into the dagger.
Three days later.
The dagger on his knee began to move.
Seven days later.
The dagger took off, swinging around wobbily.
Eighteen days later.
The dagger hovered inside the quiet room, leaving trails of Spirit Marks.
On a clear morning a month later.
A crisp sound came from the rarely opened courtyard door. A figure stepped over the threshold, operated the Array disc at the door to close the Array again, then collected the Array disc and walked in a certain direction, leading directly to the city gate.
This person was Han Yi, of course.
He had considered leaving at night, but Mengshan City has regulations that not even cultivators are allowed to enter or leave the city at night. Once caught attempting to break in, they could be killed on the spot.
Today is the day he planned to return to the sect early. As for when he returns to the sect, he has already decided on where to go.
In Xuandan Sect's outer and inner peaks, there are cultivation rooms for rent. The cultivation rooms are built on the Spirit Vein nodes of the mountain peaks, where Spirit Energy is much more abundant than other places.
The cultivation rooms are clearly beneficial, but the downsides are just as clear, as they are expensive, and excessively so.
For instance, the cultivation room on Little Lingxu Peak costs one Spirit Stone per day to rent, which is astronomical to most low-level Qi Cultivating disciples.
So, the cultivation rooms on the outer peak usually only attract Qi Cultivating fifth or sixth layer disciples who are willing to invest heavily in trying to break through to the next realm.
It will take about five days to get to the sect, so he would need to rent a cultivation room for about ten days, totaling ten Spirit Stones.
This expense, in terms of importance, is far less significant than his own safety. He knows what's at stake, so he's naturally willing to fork out the money.


CHAPTER-20
20 Chapter 20: Misunderstandings and Coincidences

Han Yi walked at a normal pace towards the city gate.
Just as he opened the door, in a dark, secluded corner outside the gate, a figure suddenly shuddered.
";He's finally out! This guy has finally come out!";
This person was so excited that he almost cried. He had been squatting for two months, and the master of this courtyard had only ventured out today. Such bitter cultivation was simply outrageous.
Remembering Guan Sheng's instructions, he thought about immediately returning to inform Guan Sheng about this matter at the Xuanhuo Pill Shop. Still, second thoughts led him to suppress the idea and quietly follow Han Yi instead.
";Hmph, I'll see what shady business this guy is up to.";
After a quarter of an hour, the man watched Han Yi walk through the city gate and stopped hesitating. He pondered whether to continue following or go back.
After some thought, he decided to return. As a Qi Refining third stage cultivator, he might not be able to stop Han Yi even if he followed him.
He regretted not directly going to Xuanhuo Pill Shop earlier to report this matter. Fortunately, nobody knew about it, and as long as he didn't say anything, Guan Sheng wouldn't know either.
That's how it should be done.
Upon reaching this conclusion, he quickly returned to the Xuanhuo Pill Shop to inform Guan Sheng about Han Yi leaving the courtyard.
Guan Sheng listened and narrowed his eyes, revealing a sinister smile.
";So he actually went out. I thought I'd have to wait until the one-year deadline before he'd leave.";
";Hmph.";
";Let's see what little tricks he can play.";
";The plan has changed, and we missed the perfect opportunity two months ago, but at least it can still continue.";
Suddenly, a puzzled expression appeared on his face.
";But where could he be going? He's not heading towards the Xuanhuo Pill Shop, but in the opposite direction?";
";There are no other markets in that direction, just the city gate.";
";That's not right.";
Guan Sheng suddenly stood up, the wide-eyed expression of horror on his face.
";He's trying to escape!";
The person standing in front of him shivered, fearing that his decision to follow Han Yi would be exposed. He pretended to be puzzled: ";Running away?";
Guan Sheng left the counter and walked out.
";Don't worry about it, just watch the pill shop for me. I'll be back soon. If anyone asks, just say I went to pick up the goods.";
His voice gradually softened, and by the time he finished speaking, Guan Sheng was already twenty meters away from the pill shop, disappearing around the street corner.
The man guarding the counter breathed a quiet sigh of relief.
";Fortunately, I wasn't discovered for acting on my own accord.";
";But, it's amazing how accurate Guan Lao's guess is. He is truly a seasoned schemer.";
";Hehe, that guy trying to escape the city won't get far. He's definitely heading for a dead-end.";
On the other side.
After Han Yi left Mengshan City, he looked back at the bustling city gate and let out a bitter smile. It seemed that he was just overthinking things.
Perhaps there was no danger after all, and that it was all just in his head.
But safety was more important than anything else.
Han Yi recalled that he had messed up Guan Sheng's big plan, believing that Guan Sheng must still hold a grudge in his heart.
However, he didn't regret it and thought that once he became more powerful in the future, he would compensate Guan Sheng tenfold for this misunderstanding.
Han Yi no longer lingered and continued on his way.
Moreover, the path he took was not the nearly straight route to the sect that he had taken when he came down from the mountain.
Instead, he purposely made a detour, going far away from Xuandan Sect's direction and then circling back towards Xuandan Mountain Range.
This was part of the plan that he had devised before leaving.
As a cultivator, his Qi Refining third stage body made his physical strength and endurance far superior to ordinary people. Walking at a brisk pace, he was even faster than some horses, without feeling tired at all.
It was at least twice as fast as his previous trip down the mountain. Although the journey was longer, the time was roughly the same as the last time he descended the mountain.
This was also part of the plan.
Mengshan City was a city within Nanyang County.
And Nanyang County was one of the thirteen counties in Shu State of Daqian Immortal Country.
Xuandan Sect was located in Xuandan Mountain Range, which stretched across Taibai, Nanyang, and LuoFeng, the three counties, and was also the core area of the Xuandan Sect's influence.
The nearest city to Mengshan City towards Xuandan Mountain Range was Lin'an City, while the nearest city away from Xuandan Mountain Range was White Snake City.
But when Han Yi arrived at Lin'an City, it was already late, so he found an inn specially designed for cultivators, with separate rooms and protective formations, and spent three Spirit Sand to stay the night.
On the second day, they continued their journey, turning right and taking a detour towards Xuandan Mountain Range.
What he didn't know was:
Far behind him, Guan Sheng, who had left Mengshan City after him, had arrived in Lin'an City earlier than him before Han Yi reached White Snake City.
He squatted outside the gate of Lin'an City for five days and five nights.
The thoughts in his heart went from, ";I didn't meet him on the road, this guy must have entered Lin'an City.";
";I'll wait.";
to the second day, ";Why hasn't he come out yet? This guy wouldn't be staying in Lin'an City, would he?";
Then on the third day, ";Damn it, what's this guy doing in Lin'an City?";
By the fourth day, ";Should I go inside and look for him? No, Lin'an City is too big, it's unrealistic to find him. Just keep waiting, I can't believe you belong to a turtle.";
On the fifth day, ";You're killing me, making me so angry!!!";
Guan Sheng left, carrying with him a deep resentment and helplessness towards Han Yi.
On his way back, he reviewed all his previous actions and even all his facial expressions and movements in front of Han Yi.
It all seemed flawless.
But in the end, he still couldn't trap this kid, which was a pity.
Right now, he had to rush back to erase some key pieces of information from the arrangements he had made earlier, just in case anything went wrong.
He was scared.
Of course, he had thought about going directly to the small town below Xuandan Mountain Range and waiting for Han Yi there, just to kill him.
But as soon as this idea came up, it was extinguished.
That place was heavily guarded, and even Foundation Establishment stage cultivators of the Immortal Path were stationed there all year round.
If he got caught, it would be over.
His own backer in the sect was just a manager of the outer sect, and his backer was just a peak master of the outer sect, with a cultivation base also at the Foundation Establishment stage, so it wasn't realistic that the two layers of relationships were united to protect him at any cost.
He hated Han Yi so much that he wanted to kill him, but it wasn't necessary to die together.
Five days later.
When Guan Sheng returned to Mengshan City, it was also when Han Yi set foot on Xuandan Mountain Range again.
As he entered the territory of Little Lingxu Peak, he breathed a sigh of relief in his heart.
Finally, he had returned without any surprises or danger.
Then he went straight to the management hall of the outer peak of Little Lingxu Peak.
Every outer peak had such a management hall, handling affairs of the peak.
Han Yi presented the outer sect disciple's identity token he had kept, and then under the surprised gaze of the manager in the Great Hall, he paid ten Spirit Stones and received a certificate, heading straight to the cultivation chamber behind the Great Hall.
After entering the corresponding cultivation chamber, he activated the formation in the chamber using the array that had been placed in the chamber earlier.
Han Yi took a deep breath.
Second-stage Spirit Vein, main node location, rich spirit energy poured into his nostrils, flowed smoothly around his body, and the fatigue from the journey disappeared instantly.
";The cultivation chamber is indeed extraordinary.";
";This concentration of spirit energy is so effective.";
";It's expensive, but it's worth it.";


CHAPTER-21
21 Chapter 21: Assessment Begins

The Xuandan Sect is said to have a hundred thousand External Peak Disciples, dispersed amongst a hundred External Peaks. On average, each peak should have at least a thousand.
Though the numbers might be a bit exaggerated, it is roughly correct.
Little Lingxu Peak, being one of the External Peaks, only ranks somewhere in the middle in terms of strength.
The master of such an External Peak is usually a cultivator at the peak of the 9th level of Qi Cultivation Stage, not a Foundation Establishment Cultivator.
Only the top twenty peaks of the External Peaks are led by Foundation Establishment Stage Cultivators.
And the rank of an External Peak is measured by a single standard.
Spirit Veins.
Even though they are all second-stage Spirit Veins, the concentration of Spirit Energy between one barely meeting the second-stage standard and one almost reaching the third stage can vary, by up to threefold.
Though it's just threefold, the difference in cultivation could be enormous.
This is about Spirit Veins, one of the most important resources in the Cultivation World.
At this moment, Han Yi found himself standing at the major node of such an essential resource in cultivation.
Although it's only second-stage, the density of its Spirit Energy is the highest since Han Yi crossed over.
However.
Han Yi did not attempt to break through in the cultivation room.
Firstly, he only had ten days. After ten days, the examination would start. He didn't want to compromise the sect return examination just because he was caught up in the breakthrough, not even a moment's delay.
Secondly, even if he could break through in ten days, his control over the power of his cultivation would not be high immediately after the breakthrough. This would not only be unhelpful to his Alchemy Skill, it might even result in errors in power output during alchemy, cause the alchemy to go wrong, and ruin everything.
Moreover, he didn't immerse himself in improving his proficiency.
In the sect's cultivation room, he felt an unprecedented sense of security.
In these ten days, he was simply polishing the power of his body, adjusting his condition, and tuning his state to the best.
If someone figured out that he spent ten spirit stones on renting a cultivation room for ten days just to hone his state, they would probably curse him for being a spendthrift.
But Han Yi didn't care. What he was concerned about was getting back to the sect steadily and safely.
Only by returning to the safely guaranteed sect, could he execute his following plans.

After ten days, Han Yi finished his seclusion. His eyes were filled with sparkling lights, his spirit was high, and his body was filled with Immortal Qi.
After leaving the cultivation room, Han Yi went to the place where Little Lingxu Peak provides disciples with spiritual medicine and herbs. He bought thirty sets of Nurturing Qi Pill ingredients and twenty sets of exorcise evil spirits pill ingredients with spirit stones.
Next, he went straight towards the Great Hall of Vermilion Bird Peak where the sect was managed.
When he arrived at the Great Hall, he tried to find Guan Sheng to see if he was on duty that day. But, realizing that he wasn't present, Han Yi had to give up. He found another on-duty brother instead and handed over his sect identity token.
";Brother, I, Han Yi, was sent down the mountain due to insufficient points a year ago. Today marks the end of the one-year term, and I am here to apply for the sect return examination. Could you please assist me with it.";
The on-duty brother took Han Yi's identity token with no expression on his face. He checked the data. After confirming that the provided information matched the recorded data, he nodded his head.
Every year, a lot of disciples who were sent to work outside the sect would apply for the sect return examination after one year.
But very few of them could actually pass the exam. Most just tried their luck.
Therefore, he didn't pay much attention to Han Yi. He simply recorded the information, then passed back a temporary examination token and Han Yi's sect token.
";Take this token and go to the backyard of Alchemy Hall on Black Tortoise Peak. There, people in charge are assigned to review sect return examinations. They will conduct your examination. Go now.";
Han Yi kept the Examination token carefully, thanked the on-duty brother.

Black Tortoise Peak is one of the nine Inner Peaks of Xuandan Sect.
Han Yi wasn't here for the first time and had already learned about the process for disciples who had been sent out to return to the sect.
The procedure was to find the duty officers in the Alchemy Hall on Black Tortoise Peak, perform alchemy on the spot, and the officers would assess the disciple's pill-making skills.
This sort of assessment was conducted by the officers who had reached the eighth or ninth level of Qi Cultivation Stage, hence the requirements were generally stricter than the yearly requirement of one hundred points for disciples in the Outer Peaks.
As such, it was said that the difficulty increases if a dispatched disciple wishes to return to the sect.
However, Han Yi was undeterred this time.
His strength was evident, and he was fully confident in his alchemy skills. He was determined to succeed in his purpose.
If he could not make it, he believed no dispatched disciple could return to the sect.
When he arrived at Black Tortoise Peak, he headed straight to the backyard of the Alchemy Hall located there.
The backyard.
There were already seven people lined up in front of Han Yi.
Like Han Yi, these seven were dispatched disciples applying for the return to sect examination.
Han Yi did not know them and had no intention to strike up a conversation.
However, one of the youngsters, who seemed to be very sociable, tried to probe for information about Han Yi. He was deterred by Han Yi's straightforward responses and reluctance to chat and left feeling uninterested.
The queue moved quickly. Each entering disciple came out looking dejected. Even the sociable young man had deeply furrowed brows, agonizing over his mistakes, his face filled with unwillingness to accept his failure.
He gave Han Yi a glance, let out a huff, and left, his thoughts reading It's your turn next, we're all the same'.
When Han Yi's turn came, he stepped in.
The officers on duty that day included three people.
An old man over sixty, a young man in his early thirties with a red face, and a voluptuous woman around forty.
The old man took Han Yi's assessment token expressionlessly, checked the information on it, finally looked at Han Yi properly, and nodded.
";One year in the mountains, and you've gone from the second stage of Qi Cultivation to the third stage. And judging by the energy you radiate, you're only one step away from the fourth stage.";
";And your mental state seems quite good.";
";You seem very confident.";
";That's good.";
The old man finished saying these few sentences, threw Han Yi's assessment token back to him, and asked straightforwardly, ";What kind of pill are you good at refining?";
";Master, I have been refining Nurturing Qi Pills for many years, and I have some insights into their refinement,"; Han Yi respectfully replied.
In the Xuandan Sect, there was no strict hierarchy in terms of address.
But generally, if they hold the same realm, such as both being in Qi Cultivation Stage, they will address each other as brothers.
If they are in two different realms, for instance, a Foundation Establishment Stage Cultivator and a Qi Cultivation Stage Cultivator, the latter would call the former Master Uncle or Master Uncle.
Of course.
In general, lower and middle level Qi Cultivators would also call the late-stage Qi Cultivators in important positions Master Uncle out of respect.
So, in a show of deference, Han Yi addressed this late-stage Qi Cultivation officer as Uncle Master.
The old gentleman nodded, ";Well, then go with the Nurturing Qi Pill.";
The other two officers, the young man and the woman, did not show any reaction to the decision of the old man.
Every day there were disciples applying to return to the sect, and the procedure was indeed set.
Han Yi took a deep breath upon hearing the old man's instruction. He retreated a few steps, took out his hexagonal bronze pill furnace from his storage bag, and laid out the materials for the Nurturing Qi Pill, which he had just bought.
After that, he prepared the Spirit Sand, Spirit Coal, and various auxiliary materials one by one.
And then, he started to refine the pill on the spot.
This was the return to sect examination procedure, simple and direct.


CHAPTER-22
22 Chapter 22: Returning to Lingxu

Ignite Dan Fire, Adjust Spirit Sand, Transfer Mana, Fuse Spiritual Medicine, 
Alchemy has every step containing an incomparable amount of detailed knowledge.
When Han Yi used Spirit Coal to ignite the Dan Fire, among the three people supervising from above, the elderly one's eyes brightened.
That smooth handling was a remarkable sign of a well-experienced alchemist.
The elderly man subconsciously took a closer look at Han Yi.
The red-faced young man in his thirties and the plump woman in her forties also shifted their attention from indifference to Han Yi, nodding their heads slightly in approval.
But they didn't say anything.
There were still some disciples who passed the assessment to join the sect.
Within a short period, Han Yi withdrew his mana, tapped his palm, and lifted the lid of the Pill Furnace, releasing a dan qi aroma.
Inside the furnace, ten white Nurturing Qi Pills the size of fingernails lay quietly.
Han Yi took out a jade bottle he had prepared earlier, and with a single hand movement, he directly drew the Nurturing Qi Pills into the bottle and then handed it to the elderly man.
The old man took out one pill, observed it, smelled it, and then directly ingested it.
After sensing it for a while, the elderly man revealed a satisfied expression on his face.
";Nurturing Qi Pills, ten dan complete. The quality is within the normal range, but it's already excellent among them. With further refinement, it could achieve standard quality.";
";Good, very good.";
";What is your name?";
Han Yi was overjoyed when he heard this, and he quickly replied: ";To answering uncle-master, this disciple's name is Han Yi.";
";Good, very good.";
The elderly man handed the jade bottle to the other two supervisors, and they both appraised it with the same method as the elder.
A moment later, they all nodded in satisfaction.
Apparently, they approved the elderly man's final evaluation of Han Yi's work.
";Good, you have passed the assessment to join the sect.";
";I am the vice-master of Little Green Cloud Peak, Shen Yu. If you want to find a better place as your residence, you can come to Qingyun Peak tomorrow, and I will arrange it for you,"; said the elderly man.
As soon as the elderly man finished speaking, the other two spoke to Han Yi for the first time since he entered the room.
The man in his thirties with a friendly red face laughed and said, ";My name is Luo Qi from Little Raging Fire Peak. Our peak's strength ranks in the top ten among the outer peaks. If you are interested, you can also look for me, and I will transfer you to Little Raging Fire Peak.";
The plump woman covered her mouth and chuckled, also extending an invitation: ";Little Guanhai Peak has many female disciples. I can introduce you to them if you come.";
Although Han Yi's face showed happiness, there was a chill in his heart.
He had originally thought that he had already held back enough. If he had gone all out in alchemy, he could have made standard quality Nurturing Qi Pills.
However, that would be too shocking.
Because standard quality pills can only be refined by a few high-stage alchemists in the Qi Cultivation stage, even if placed in the inner sect, they would still be considered the best.
Imagine that within a year, just by his Alchemy Skills alone,
He would have transformed from a low-level alchemist in the outer sect to the most outstanding alchemist in the inner sect.
The gap is not ordinary and would be hard to achieve even with a lifetime of struggle for most outer sect disciples.
It would be difficult not to arouse some people's curiosity and interest.
For example, guessing that he had obtained some mysterious inheritance, there would certainly be many people who would want to seize it and replace him.
Under the circumstances of insufficient strength, exposing his terrifying alchemy skills would make Han Yi feel insecure.
Seeing Han Yi's delight on his face, the elderly man laughed lightly, ";Alright, the assessment is over for today.";
";You passed, take the assessment token and return to Vermilion Bird Peak to complete the procedures.";
";As for the subsequent decision, which outer peak you want to join is up to your personal preference.";
The elderly man didn't try to sway Han Yi's decision. Neither did the other two say anything.
They just thought Han Yi's alchemy skills were outstanding and on par with some of the inner sect disciples, which is why they had a sudden impulse to recruit him.
There were hundreds of outer peaks in the Xuandan Sect, each competing for disciples and resources.
Strictly speaking, disciples are also a resource and the most important one at that.
Han Yi gratefully looked at the elderly man, remembering his name, Shen Yu, and took the assessment token. After expressing his gratitude, Han Yi cautiously retreated from the room.
As Han Yi walked out of the Alchemy Hall, he took a deep breath, feeling invigorated.
Looking at the misty cloud sea surrounding the Black Tortoise Peak, his state of mind was different from the shock he felt when he first saw the cloud sea after his initial transmigration.
At this moment, his emotions were already turbulent.
";Haha, I, Hu Hansan, am back.";
";In the future, I will endure until the end of time, until I have no rivals left in this world, until I become an immortal. I will never leave the mountain again.";
Han Yi secretly made up his mind.
Many returning disciples who had passed the sect assessment looked at Han Yi in envy, guessing that he had passed the exam as well.
Even the sociable young man who exited the Alchemy Hall earlier than him, but still felt a little bit unwilling, watched Han Yi with jealousy. But he didn't provoke him, as that would only bring trouble upon himself.
";Little Raging Fire Peak, Luo Qi, I've heard this name before. When I first came to this world, Brother Guan Di gave me a task to complete, to go to Little Raging Fire Peak and become a pill tester for Luo Qi.";
As Han Yi walked back to Little Lingxu Peak, the name of that red-faced young man appeared in his mind, along with a piece of information.
As for the woman in her forties who came from Small Guanhai Peak, Han Yi also knew about itone of the peaks with the most female disciples in the outer sect.
Han Yi shook his head, worrying about his future for now and not considering the issue of finding a Daoist partner.
In fact, at this moment, when he calmed down,
He seriously thought about going to Little Green Cloud Peak. Shen Yu, as the deputy peak master of Little Green Cloud Peak, is definitely a cultivator at the ninth stage of Qi Cultivation. With his recommendation, Han Yi would have someone to rely on in Little Green Cloud Peak, making his life more comfortable than in Little Lingxu Peak.
But he quickly changed his mind, thinking that if he owed someone a favor, there might be other troubles after going to Little Green Cloud Peak.
Moreover, Little Green Cloud Peak and Little Lingxu Peak are both outer peaks, and their spirit vein grade is only second-stage, not much higher than Little Lingxu Peak.
If it were an Inner Peak, he would definitely have said nothing and leaned on them directly.
Besides, the most important point is that Han Yi just needs a stable environment. Whether it's Little Lingxu Peak or Little Green Cloud Peak, they are both Outer Peaks, and they are the same to him.
So why bother?
He decides to endure for a while and see.
When he returned to Vermilion Bird Peak, he had already made up his mind, found the on-duty brother, handed over his examination token, and explained the situation.
The on-duty brother looked surprised and smiled, helping Han Yi with the procedures.
";Congratulations, Brother Han, on rejoining the sect. I'm sure you will achieve great things and make a name for yourself in the future.";
According to experience, those who have caught the eyes of the Alchemy Hall management, returning from being an external disciple to becoming an outer sect disciple, will have their alchemy skills significantly improved.
Such people are worth making friends with just for their Alchemy Skills.
";I was lucky, just lucky.";
";What's your name, Brother?";
The on-duty brother smiled and replied, ";I am Ma Yu.";
";Brother Ma, could you help me check whether my previous courtyard has been assigned to someone else or not? If it hasn't, can I apply to return to my original courtyard?";
Han Yi is a nostalgic person. If he could return to his original courtyard, he would naturally feel more comfortable.
Ma Yu nodded, checked the information, and smiled: ";Coincidentally, it is still available.";
Han Yi was overjoyed upon hearing this. He instantly understood why.
His courtyard was relatively on the periphery and even near the back mountain. Only new disciples with low status and abilities would be passively assigned to such a place.
But Han Yi didn't mind, as long as it was a second-stage spiritual vein, that would be enough.
He has a lot of spirit stones.
";Brother Ma, could you help me apply to get my courtyard back?";
";No problem, I'll get it done right away.";
Ma Yu complied and began to take down related information. He then went into the room to get the certificate for Han Yi's original courtyard.
A moment later,
All the procedures were completed, and he handed the documents to Han Yi.
Han Yi repeatedly thanked him, and Ma Yu was also very satisfied.
This was tantamount to this junior brother owing him a favor. If one day this junior brother rose to prominence, this favor would be of some benefit to him.
That was also the reason why he spared no effort to help Han Yi.
Being in this hall manager position has this advantage.
On the other side, Han Yi left Vermilion Bird Peak and headed straight to Little Lingxu Peak.
Only when he returned to his familiar courtyard and activated the courtyard's separate array formation did he finally fully relax.


CHAPTER-23
23 Chapter 23: Resolving Inner Tensions

The size of this courtyard on Little Lingxu Peak was significantly larger than the one in Mengshan City.
Especially the backyard, it was several hundred square feet, with various fruit trees and tea trees planted.
The courtyard also contained several quiet rooms. However, Han Yi usually only practiced in the one that the Sword Immortal Painting was hanging in, and rarely used the others.
First, Han Yi patrolled the courtyard, mainly to confirm its safety.
After all, he had been away for a year, and since this courtyard didn't have an owner, the protective array had not been activated, and anyone could potentially sneak in.
As for those from the Law Enforcement Hall who were assigned to inspect the vacant courtyards, they hardly had time for such matters.
Of course, if there were any disciples secretly hiding in the vacant courtyard because they didn't want to go down the mountain, assuming they would go unnoticed, that would be a different story. If they were reported or caught, they would be directly expelled from the sect, left with their cultivation base destroyed and ejected from the mountain.
This was a rule within the sect. You can only take what is given to you. If something doesn't belong to you but is left unused, and you take it forcefully, then you would lose your hands.
Han Yi has always been a person who followed rules.
After ensuring the safety of the courtyard, he did not isolate himself to continue cultivating or lean on the task bar like he did in Mengshan City.
Instead, he for once, left the courtyard.
The courtyards of the Xuandan Sect didn't require a formation disc to control like in Mengshan City.
In these courtyards, there was a central hub. By channeling spirit energy into this hub, one would become the master of the courtyard. The courtyard master could control the courtyard array merely by his thoughts, as long as they were within the courtyard.
Of course, this control was limited to the most basic functions such, as turning the protective array on or off.
However, the array was connected to the Spirit Vein of Little Lingxu Peak, which was much higher in its origin. Even its basic functions could resist attacks from cultivators below the Foundation Establishment stage.
After leaving the courtyard, Han Yi went straight to Zheng Hai's courtyard.
Zheng Hai's residence was not on Little Lingxu Peak, but on the adjacent Little Pan Stone Peak.
When Han Yi knocked on the door of Little Pan Stone Peak for some time and no one answered, he knew that Zheng Hai must be either engrossed in cultivation or pill refining, or he was not in the courtyard because he was out on business.
";Never mind then, I'll come back in a few days to share the good news of my return. At that time, I'll invite Zheng Hai to celebrate at the Drunken Immortal Tower.";
Han Yi felt a bit regretful that he couldn't visit the Drunken Immortal Tower today.
The Drunken Immortal Tower is a renowned tavern in the outer peaks.
The alcohol served there was made from precious pills and elixirs, containing abundant spirit energy. It was extremely expensive, and Han Yi dared not set foot in it even though he had heard and seen it since he joined the sect.
This time, his return to the sect filled him with joy and with money in his pockets, it was worth inviting his good friend to celebrate.
";Oh, there's also Brother Guan Di.";
Thinking of Guan Di, Han Yi couldn't help but recall his guilt towards Guan Sheng back in Mengshan City, making him slightly hesitant.
A moment later, he decided to seek out Guan Di and clarify things.
This was one of his hang-ups that he had to address.
Guan Di was originally also on Little Pan Stone Peak, but after he advanced to the fifth level of Qi cultivation, he moved to Little Dragon Whisker Peak, which ranks among the top three in the outer peaks.
After he progressed to the sixth level, he even got the opportunity to serve at Vermilion Bird Peak. This position was lucrative and could help him build more connections and gain more favors. Many disciples at the sixth level of the outer peaks did their best to get this position.
After leaving Little Pan Stone Peak, Han Yi went straight to Little Dragon Whisker Peak.
This time he did not make a wasted trip; Guan Di was indeed in his courtyard and had not gone out.
";Brother Guan Di, I've passed the sect re-entry exam.";
Han Yi didn't waste any words, he shared his joy with a happy face.
No matter what, it was Guan Di who had helped him find a solution and arranged for him to be sent to Mengshan City. Although the incident with Jiang De happened whilst there, he never doubted Guan Di.
Guan Di was taken aback when he heard this, but he quickly showed a smile.
";Congratulations, Junior Brother Han.";
After some congratulations, Guan Di handed over a letter: ";That's right, Junior Brother Han, I was planning to look for you. I didn't expect you to come here first. A few days ago, I received a letter from my cousin. He said that you didn't keep your word and left without a word. Could there be some misunderstanding in this?";
Han Yi felt a bit ashamed upon hearing this.
After dealing with the incident with Jiang De, he did doubt whether Guan Sheng had some other intentions towards him in his heart. However, he didn't have any solid evidence and from the surface, Guan Sheng was very good to him.
Now that Guan Sheng had sent a letter directly mentioning his breach of promise, it was hard for him to argue.
";Elder Brother Guan, here is the situation.";
";At the time when Elder Brother Guan Sheng entrusted me with a task, I was in the key period of perceiving alchemy, which interfered with the matter of Elder Brother Guan Sheng.";
";After coming out of seclusion, I felt embarrassed to face Elder Brother Guan Sheng directly and had to leave without saying goodbye.";
";By the way, these are the pills I agreed to return to Uncle Guan Sheng, and here are my compensatory gifts.
";This is all I have, please help me deliver them to Elder Brother Guan Sheng.";
Han Yi took out three bottles of the exorcise evil spirits pills that he had prepared earlier, based on the assumption that his success rate in making these pills was one and a half percent.
And he didn't go for the eight-to-two ratio of sharing, but instead gave everything to Guan Sheng.
He then took out three bottles of Nurturing Qi Pills, which were of average quality of course.
He wouldn't dare to show the pills of standard quality right now, fearing that he may attract unwanted attention.
Guan Di frowned, picked up the exorcise evil spirits pills and the Nurturing Qi Pills, examined them, and then relaxed his brows.
";You little rascal are not bad, the quality of these pills, I cannot guarantee that I could obtain.";
";Your alchemy skills have improved so much, no wonder you could pass the sect-returning test that quickly.";
";And, you are now at the third stage of Qi Cultivation, no, looking at your aura, you should not be far from the fourth stage.";
";I didn't expect that after being deployed for a year, both your alchemy and cultivation base have made such big improvements, one could say you have been reborn.";
";Alright, I will deliver the pills. We are all family, there should not be much conflict, even if there is some, there is no need to be too calculating, I will tell my clan uncle.";
Seeing that Guan Di accepted the pills, Han Yi breathed a sigh of relief.
This matter, can be considered as more than halfway done, for the rest, when he becomes stronger in the future, he will take the opportunity to make more compensation.
At the end, Guan Di stopped Han Yi who was about to leave.
";There's one more thing, Brother Han, do you want to move to the Little Dragon Whisker Peak? With your reborn alchemy skills, if you move over, you would definitely get a better courtyard, and, the peak lords would also look after you.";
Han Yi politely declined, and although Guan Di felt regretful, he did not force it and let the matter rest.
Back in the Little Lingxu Peak, activating the Array in the courtyard, Han Yi began to cultivate.
His goal this time is clear.
Fourth stage of Qi Cultivation.
He is only one step away from this realm.
In addition, having entrusted Guan Di with the pills, and finally settled one of the lingering matters in Mengshan City, he has cleared his mind, and attained perfection in his mindset.
Moreover, he had previously rented a cultivation room on the Little Lingxu Peak for ten days, and although he didn't deliberately push the progress, his spiritual power had reached 94/100.
Everything is ready, all that remains is the final step.
In the quiet room within the courtyard.
Han Yi took out all the remaining Spirit Stones, Nurturing Qi Pills, exorcise evil spirits pills.
First, he took four exorcise evil spirits pills, thought for a while, felt that it wasn't safe enough, and took two more.
Then, he activated the spiritual power of the Spirit Stones placed around him.
Suddenly, the entire enclosed quiet room was filled with rolling spiritual energy, reaching the intensity of a third-stage Spirit Vein in a short period of time.
Such wastage was unimaginable to other outer disciples.
But for Han Yi, all Spirit Stones are for breakthroughs. If he didn't use them now, then when? Wasting a little was worth it.
Boom!
The rolling spirit energy coursed into his body, compressed and gathered, and transformed into spiritual power in his body.
Moving towards the next level, he continued to advance.
What Han Yi, who was in seclusion for a breakthrough on the Little Lingxu Peak didn't know was that a few days later, thousands of miles away in Mengshan City, Guan Sheng received a letter and items from Guan Di.
After reading the letter, he looked at the pills on the table.
Guan Sheng was silent for a long time.


CHAPTER-24
24 Chapter 24: Cultivating Qi at the Fourth Level

Guan Sheng fell silent, and it took him a long time before he let out a sigh.
";Did I really overthink it?";
";Was that kid really experiencing alchemy enlightenment that day, and not deliberately avoiding me by staying indoors?";
";And he left early without saying goodbye because he felt guilty towards me?";
";Jiang De's matter has nothing to do with him?";
";This?!";
";It seems reasonable, but it also seems somewhat wrong.";
Guan Sheng racked his brain but couldn't figure out the truth.
";Never mind, Guan Di doesn't know about my situation, so the content of his letter should be true.";
";Regardless of whether the kid's words are true or not, I can only accept it.";
";Or rather, for now, I can only treat his words as true.";
Guan Sheng put away the pill in front of him and temporarily set aside his intention to kill Han Yi.
There's no need for more trouble.
If there's an opportunity in the future, we'll see then.
On the other hand.
About half a month later.
Inside a quiet room within the courtyard where Han Yi resides at Little Lingxu Peak.
The Sword Immortal Sword Control scroll is hanging on the wall.
In the center of the quiet room, a young man in his early twenties sits on a cushion, with shattered spirit stones scattered around him.
At some point, the spirit stones surge and tremble like they're breathing.
Then all the spirit energy is crazily compressed and absorbed into the body of the young man sitting in the center, just like a whale inhaling and gulping water.
Of course, the young man is Han Yi.
He suddenly opens his eyes, and a void with a white light flashes by. The light disappears in an instant as if it was just an illusion.
";Huff!";
Han Yi exhales a long, cloudy breath, which lasts for a long time before it finally stops.
With the release of this cloudy breath, a cultivator's aura unique to the 4th level of Qi Cultivation flows out from him.
This aura might not be stable yet, but there's no doubt that it has reached the standard of the fourth level.
";Fourth level of Qi Cultivation, finally achieved.";
A smile of joy spreads across Han Yi's face.
After more than a year of crossing over, he has finally completed the first cultivation threshold, that is, advancing from the Low stage of Qi Cultivation to the Middle stage of Qi Cultivation.
Han Yi doesn't stop there.
He consolidates his cultivation base until he feels that his aura has stabilized, and then stops.
By this time, two months have passed since he closed himself off for cultivation.
Time flies when cultivating.
He's gradually getting used to it.
After consolidating his cultivation base, Han Yi checks the items on his body and sighs.
Cultivation costs too much money.
At this moment, there are only a dozen spirit stones left on his body.
Considering the fortune he had saved up earlier, as well as the spirit stones and spirit sand materials obtained from Jiang De's storage bag, it was only enough to sustain him for such a short period of time.
You have to know, including the spirit stones he had on him, there were nearly two hundred.
Even in Xuandan Sect, only relatively wealthy outer disciples of the fifth or sixth level could accumulate such wealth over a long period of time.
Considering other third and fourth level outer disciples who practice frugally every day, it's no wonder that it's extremely difficult for them to advance in their realms.
Han Yi sighs, not because he's worried about his upcoming cultivation, but because he feels empathy towards the difficulty faced by the outer disciples while cultivating.
However, this is no longer an issue for him.
Before going for the assessment, he had purchased thirty sets of Nurturing Qi Pill materials and twenty sets of exorcise evil spirits pill materials. During the assessment process, he only used one set of Nurturing Qi Pill materials and still had many raw materials available for alchemy.
These are his startup capital.
What he relies on, of course, is his Alchemy Skill.
First, he looks at the Proficiency Panel after breaking through.
Name: Han Yi
Lifespan: 22/93
Realm: 4th Layer of Qi Cultivating (1/100)
Cultivation Technique: Fire Profound Skill (Proficiency 48/100)
Skills:
Alchemy Skill (Enter the Hall 78/100)
Spirit Void Finger (Mastering 1/100)
Sword Control Skill (Peeking Through the Doorway 34/100)
Seeing the Realm clearly showing Qi Cultivating Fourth Layer, his face was filled with relief.
It was truly not easy.
After that.
He looked up.
";My lifespan increased by four years, from 89 to 93.";
";And";
";Unknowingly, a year has already passed. I'm 22 now.";
Han Yi suddenly thought of his family in the other world, feeling as if something was stuck in his throat.
A moment later, he adjusted his mindset and looked at the panel again.
";The Enter the Hallof my Alchemy Skill has progressed to 78/100 proficiency.";
";If this skill advanced to the Mastering level like the Spirit Void Finger, would it mean that the pills I refine would always be of standard quality or above?";
Upon thinking this, Han Yi's heart raced.
Keep in mind.
In the Xuandan Sect, only the most outstanding disciples of the Inner Peak were generally able to refine standard-quality pills.
Furthermore.
Not every furnace could produce standard-quality pills.
When that time came, it would mean that apart from his cultivation base, Han Yi's pill refining skills would be more than enough to join the Inner Peak.
He wouldn't go to Little Dragon Whisker Peak, Little Green Cloud Peak or Little Raging Fire Peak, as they were all Outer Peaks.
But if there was an opportunity to enter the Inner Peak, he would strive for it with all his might.
Of course.
This would require him to guarantee his own safety and not expose his terrifying alchemy skills prematurely.
Otherwise, his cultivation base of the fourth layer of Qi Cultivating would be like a sheep entering a wolf pack when going to the Inner Peak where the majority had at least the seventh layer of Qi Cultivating. He might even be completely devoured, leaving behind nothing.
For now, it's best to lay low.
Han Yi thought.
With the help of the Proficiency Panel, he had a comprehensive understanding of his current situation.
As a result, he was very satisfied.
Afterward, Han Yi began refining pills, benefiting from his Enter the Hall-level Alchemy Skill. He now succeeded in refining Nurturing Qi Pills 80% of the time, occasionally producing some standard-quality Nurturing Qi Pills.
Additionally, his success rate for refining Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill had reached 30%.
This time, in good condition, he successfully refined seven of the twenty Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills, two more than when he was in Mengshan City.
In part, it was due to his increased power and improved pill-refining skills. The other reason was because, upon returning to Little Lingxu Peak, he felt as comfortable as being home, and his performance was at its best.
Using less than half a month's time, he had refined all the pills. During this process, whenever his spiritual power was depleted, he quickly recovered using the remaining spirit stones.
Half a month later.
The final Spirit Stone on Han Yi crumbled to dust, and before him lay twenty-three bottles of Nurturing Qi Pills and seven bottles of Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills, among which there were three bottles of standard-quality pills.
This was his current net worth.
After organizing his things, he left the courtyard, only to meet Zheng Hai looking for him.
";Well, Han Yi, I heard that you passed the assessment and returned to the sect. How did you do it?";
Zheng Hai's face was as dark as ever.
Instead of directly answering, Han Yi took a good look at Zheng Hai, smiling, ";Not bad, you've reached Qi Cultivating Third Layer.";
Zheng Hai's aura had reached the Third Layer of Qi Cultivating, and it seemed that he had broken through for about half a year now.
When Han Yi left the mountain back then, Zheng Hai was at the peak of the Second Layer of Qi Cultivating, preparing to break through to the third layer.
Seeing his breakthrough now, Han Yi was naturally happy for him.
Speaking of which.
In his past life, Han Yi probably had only one and a half friends in this world, Zheng Hai being one and Guan Di half.
";Of course, it took me all my effort to break through to the Third Layer.";
";But Han Yi, what's up with your aura?";
Zheng Hai frowned. The aura on Han Yi was similar to that of the Fourth Layer of Qi Cultivating disciples he had seen from the Outer Peaks.
But how could that be possible?
It had only been a year, and it seemed like he had become a completely different person.
Han Yi grinned. In front of his friends, he absolutely enjoyed flaunting himself.
";You're not mistaken, I'm at the Fourth Layer of Qi Cultivating.";
";And not only that, my Alchemy Skill has also broken through. Now, I can easily refine Nurturing Qi Pills.";
";Don't even mention a hundred points. Right now, several high-ranking Outer Peak Qi Cultivating senior brothers have invited me to live with them, and I've rejected them all.";
";In the future, not only the Outer Peaks but even the Inner Peaks will have a place for me.";
";What is the Fourth Layer of Qi Cultivating? Achieving the High Qi Cultivation is just a matter of time. Immortal Path Foundation Building is no longer a dream.";
";Don't worry, I'll take you to fly in the future.";
These words from Han Yi sent waves of shock through Zheng Hai's heart.


CHAPTER-25
25 Chapter 25: Female Cultivator Visit

Seeing the astonishment on Zheng Hai's face, Han Yi felt secretly pleased in his heart.
";Rreally? Are you serious?"; Zheng Hai asked further.
Han Yi nodded: ";Of course it's true, even Brother Guan Di said that my alchemy skills are quite strong.";
";And it's only through a breakthrough in alchemy that I was able to pass the sect evaluation, or else how could I have made it through.";
Under Han Yi's repeated assurances, Zheng Hai temporarily believed it.
";Han Yi, this is too amazing of you.";
";It's like you've become a different person in just one year.";
Words not intended, but the listener took it to heart.
Han Yi's proud heart trembled at once.
In the Cultivation World, if someone truly noticed the huge difference between him in the past and now, and was interested in him, and this person was a cultivator in the late stage of Qi cultivation or even Foundation Establishment stage, then he would be in a lot of trouble.
It won't work.
For the next few years, he needs to lay low and not be too ostentatious.
Han Yi is a cautious person.
At this moment, he was already very grateful that he didn't impulsively agree to join Little Green Cloud Peak's Acting Peak Master, Shen Yu, or Guan Di, and expose himself under the scrutiny of even more people, which would be like magnifyingglass on him, making it easier to reveal his secrets.
";By the way, where did you go a while ago? I went to look for you at Little Pan Stone Peak, but no one responded.";
Zheng Hai shook his head: ";I had something to do and went out, let's not talk about that, let's go, you're back now, let's go for a few drinks.";
Han Yi was just about to offer to take Zheng Hai to the Drunken Immortal Tower to celebrate, but on second thought, he didn't even have a single spirit stone in his pocket, only the freshly made pills.
";Don't worry, I'll treat you."; Seeing the difficulty on Han Yi's face, Zheng Hai immediately patted his chest.
It was Han Yi's turn to play the part.
In his heart, Zheng Hai still subconsciously regarded Han Yi as a friend with a lack of spirit stones and a tight life, so naturally, it was his duty to treat him.
Han Yi didn't refuse either, waiting for when he sold the pills, refined more pills to sell, and earned spirit stones to pay back next time.
Between the two of them, there was no need for such restraint.
There were hundreds of outer peaks in the Xuandan Sect, with every peak having at least a few hundred disciples, some even going up to three thousand.
It was as if every outer peak was a small society.
So, almost every mountain peak had a tavern, varying in sizes, including one on Little Lingxu Peak called the Little Lingxu Building.
Spending thirty-two spirit sand, they picked up two small wooden barrels of spirit fruit wine and started drinking in the Little Lingxu Building.
In their past memories, the two of them would meet here almost every year.
Chatting while drinking, most of the time it was Zheng Hai talking about the anecdotes of the Xuandan Sect, which senior brother had advanced to the seventh level, which inner disciple had built the Immortal Path Foundation, which senior brother had found a pretty Dao companion and regressed instead of advancing in cultivation within a year, women truly were a calamity, and so on.
";By the way, Han Yi, have you had any interesting experiences during your year away from the mountain? Tell me about it.";
";None, what kind of interesting things could I have? I was just refining pills and cultivating, it's extremely boring. I haven't been out for more than two or three days, and that's how I was able to improve so quickly, all because of my diligent cultivation.";
";I guess so, haha.";
The spirit fruit wine in the Little Lingxu Building was just average in terms of effect, even when they could afford it in the past when they were at the second level of Qi cultivation. This thing was not priced high, and although the fruit wine contained spirit energy, it wasn't very effective, and not much could be truly absorbed.
After finishing their drinks, they each went back to their homes.
Han Yi first went to Vermilion Bird Peak.
He exchanged all the pills he had for sect points.
Nine bottles of exorcise evil spirits pills, seven of which were freshly made this time, and two were left over from last time. He had used a bottle of it when breaking through to the Qi cultivation fourth level.
Twenty bottles of Nurturing Qi Pills.
In total, he exchanged them for three thousand five hundred sect points.
According to the ratio of sect points to spirit stones, at a ten-to-one rate, this would equal three hundred and fifty spirit stones.
The person on duty at Vermilion Bird Hall was still Brother Ma Yu, who had administered his evaluation last time.
";Junior Brother Han, this is a huge sum for you. I've saved up for so many years, and my assets are only one thousand spirit stones. You suddenly have assets equivalent to 30% of mine.";
";I'm envious.";
Ma Yu sighed.
Han Yi humbly said, ";Brother Ma, these pills are the result of my hard work over the past year, otherwise, I wouldn't have so many.";
";I don't know when I'll have the next batch of pills.";
Ma Yu nodded.
This was more reasonable. If Han Yi casually refined so many high-quality pills within just two months, that would be unbelievable.
After Han Yi had exchanged all his points for two hundred Spirit Stones and alchemy materials and walked out of the administrative hall, his brows suddenly furrowed.
";I can't come here again in a short time.";
";Next time, I'll have to go to the market at the outer peaks.";
In the Xuandan Sect, there is an official trading platform, which is the administrative hall, using points as the intermediary currency.
There is also a semi-official trading platform, which is the market.
There are a total of eighteen markets set up among the hundred outer peaks, and behind these markets are the higher-ups of the sect, including Foundation Establishment stage and even Golden Core stage cultivators.
These markets are similar to the Lei family's market in Mengshan City, only fairer and with very few robberies happening. This is a bottom line within the sect. After all, stability is the foundation for maintaining rule.
The reason why Han Yi had such thoughts was because of what Ma Yu had just said.
With his terrifying success rate in pill-refining and a continuous supply of pills, it would be troublesome to constantly use the sect's administrative hall as the middleman. As long as someone investigates or even notices like Ma Yu did, coming a few more times would easily deduce Han Yi's success rate in alchemy.
At that time, it would inevitably cause trouble.
Han Yi hated trouble the most.
If he goes through the semi-official trading platform of the sect, there are no records and although the price will be lower, it is more concealed and safe.
This was Han Yi's thought just now.
";Besides, it's time to acquire a few more pill formulas. The Nurturing Qi Pill and the Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill are too simple. Next time, I'll look in the market and see if there are any higher-level pill formulas to buy.";
";In addition, the market also offers magic skills for purchase, which I should also pay attention to.";
One plan after another in Han Yi's heart was well-arranged.
He liked this feeling of being in control of everything.
When he returned to Little Lingxu Peak with all these thoughts, he saw two female cultivators at the entrance.
He didn't recognize them from far away.
In fact, Han Yi didn't know any female cultivators in Xuandan Sect.
As Han Yi approached, one of the two female cultivators asked with a salute.
";Excuse me, are you junior brother Han?";
The voice was ethereal and gentle, very pleasant to hear.
Han Yi subconsciously nodded and observed the other party.
Both of these female cultivators were dressed in the gray robes of outer disciples.
The one who spoke had a smile on her face, was about 1.7 meters tall, had soft facial features, radiant eyes, and long hair draped over her shoulders, which accentuated her slender body under the gray robe.
This female cultivator, judging by her looks and voice, seemed to be three or four years older than Han Yi.
As for the other one, she had an explosive figure with voluptuous curves but a more ordinary face and cold demeanor.
";Senior sisters, may I know who you are?"; Han Yi saluted back.
";Nice to meet you, Junior brother Han. I am Chu Jinmo, and this is my junior sister, Yan Ru.";
";We are from Small Guanhai Peak.";
The ethereal-voiced female cultivator named Chu Jinmo introduced them.
";Small Guanhai Peak?";
";What brings you here?";
Han Yi's brows furrowed.
He knew about Small Guanhai Peakit was one of the places with the most female cultivators in the outer peaks.
The two in front of him, one with a pleasant voice and beautiful appearance, and the other with an explosive figure, were certainly eye-catching. However, he couldn't figure out how he was related to them in any way.


CHAPTER-26
Chapter 26: Chapter 26: Peaceful Days

Junior Brother Han Yi, were here especially waiting for you.
We heard from Uncle Qi that you passed the sect-returning assessment, so were inviting you to move to Little Guanhai Peak.
Chu Jinmo didnt beat around the bush and went straight to the point.
Ilan Yis eyebrows relaxed, and he guessed it was probably just this matter.
Im sorry, Ive thought about it a lot after returning, and 1 dont plan to move for now.
Han Yi cupped his hands together, expressing his thoughts.
Wouldnt Junior Brother Han Yi like to reconsider it?
Moving to Little Guanhai Peak would not only get you a bigger courtyard, but also many junior sisters, so you definitely wont lack companions.
Chu Jinmo didnt expect Han Yis attitude to be so determined, refusing right from the start, and her tone became anxious.
No, I wont reconsider.
If theres nothing else, you two can leave.
Han Yi bowed his hands and walked past Chu Jinmo, smelling a faint fragrance on her body.
Then, he opened the door of the courtyard, walked in, and closed it heavily.
Without any hesitation.
Senior Sister, lets go. His attitude is firm, evidently not willing to move, and he doesnt seem to care that much about companions. The advantages of my Little Guanhai Peak dont exist for him, so theres nothing to discuss.
Behind Chu Jinmo, the voluptuous Yan Ru analyzed expressionlessly.
Chu Jinmo sighed.
In the sect, there arent many outer disciples like Han Yi who have low cultivation realms but high alchemy skills. If he could live in our Little Guanhai Peak, it would bring many benefits to us.
What a pity, what a pity.
Lets go.
The two left, and Han Yi, separated by a wall, didnt eavesdrop on their conversation.
It was only after confirming that they had left that he returned to his meditation chamber.
Little Guanhai Peak personally invited me. Will Little Fiery Fire Peak and Little
Green Cloud Peak also come to invite me?
I must reject them outright, not allowing them to have the slightest possibility of hope. Only then can 1 put an end to future troubles.
Having made up his mind, Han Yi didnt start refining pills but went to the backyard to practice Sword Control Skill.
Sword Control Skill (Early Insight 34/100)
This Sword Control Skill was obtained from the Lei Family Market in Mengshan City, costing Han Yi dozens of spirit stones.
Although it was an incomplete version, by the time it was promoted from Beginners First Attempt to Early Insight, it had given Han Yi countless insights.
To be more precise, this Sword Control Skill had progressed beyond the original version and become completely new.
And this
After summarizing Spirit Void Finger and Sword Control Skill, Han Yi discovered another secret about proficiency.
That is, he can complete a magic skill by constantly filling the progress bar.
In short
After obtaining the incomplete version of the Sword Control Skill, Han Yi filled the progress of the skill through the proficiency system and completed the skill.
Since returning from Mengshan City, he had arranged a full schedule for himself, from cultivating magic skills to refining pills.
Now, he had a choice: whether to practice magic skills or refine pills.
Han Yis first choice was to practice Sword Control Skill.
In Mengshan City, he had only practiced it to the beginning stage, advancing the proficiency of Sword Control Skill to the Early Insight stage of 34/100.
Next
He planned to practice Sword Control Skill, refine pills, sell the pills in the market for spirit stones, and then cultivate with the spirit stones. After promoting Sword Control Skill and Alchemy Skill to Mastering, he would advance all three magic skills together, striving for the next realm.
Time slowly passed as Han Yi cultivated.
The days became calm and settled for him.
During this period, as he had speculated, people from Little Green Cloud Peak and Little Fiery Fire Peak also came to invite him to live there, but he declined them all.
The Peak Master of Little Lingxu Peak learned about Han Yis situation from some source and, in order to keep him, granted him a set of Light Body Technique and wanted to provide a better courtyard for him. However, Han Yi refused.
Also
Having acquired spirit stones, Han Yi did not invite Zheng Hai to celebrate at Drunken Immortal Tower as he had originally planned. Instead, he kept a low profile.
Because Han Yi had some lingering fear, revealing only a part of his alchemy skills had attracted the attention of multiple outer peaks. If he were to display his wealth too, it would undoubtedly draw even more attention from those with ulterior motives.
The cultivation environment of the outer peaks is relatively safe, but its not 100% safe.
From time to time, some malicious incidents happen.
If theres an opportunity, some high-ranking disciples dont mind playing the role of robbers. After all, as long as theyre not caught, who knows what theyve done?
After ail, its killing and robbery with a golden waistband.
Three months later
Little Guanhai Peak.
Han Yi walked into a room, in which stood more than a dozen female cultivators.
Junior Brother Han has arrived. Weve been waiting for you for a long time.
Chu Jinmo stood up, her long hair today tied up in a bun, revealing an even more enchanting face, still wearing the gray robe of an outer disciple.
Sister Chu, hello to all of you. Han Yi bowed his hands.
The female cultivators in front of him were at least at the fourth layer of Qi Cultivation, most of them at the fifth layer, and there were even people like Chu Jinmo at the sixth layer of Qi Cultivation present.
Alright, lets not waste time with small talk, we have already made the purpose of your invitation clear, so lets get started.
Yan Rus face, as always, showed little expression.
At her words, the many sisters in the room fixed their shining eyes on Han Yi.
Being stared at by so many female cultivators, Han Yi was honestly a bit nervous, and it took him some time to steady his mind and slowly speak.
Today is our first transaction, and Ive brought a portion of the pills Ive saved up over the past year.
They are the Exorcising Evil Spirits Pill and the Nurturing Qi Pill.
Although there are not many types, please rest assured, my Exorcising Evil Spirits Pill and Nurturing Qi Pill are definitely of excellent quality among ordinary pills and can play an important role in the cultivation of the fifth and sixth layers of Qi.
You can identify them on the spot.
Han Yi walked to a table and took out ten bottles of Nurturing Qi Pills and five bottles of Exorcising Evil Spirits Pills he had prepared from his storage bag.
Today, he was invited by Chu Jinmo to sell his pills privately on the Small Guanhai Peak.
Over two months ago, after Han Yi had refused Chu Jinmos invitation to move to Small Guanhai Peak, she did not give up but came to him in the following days.
Finally, after understanding Chu Jinmos needs, Han Yi had an idea.
He had some surplus pills that needed to be sold in the market.
The disciples of Small Guanhai Peak happened to need to buy pills, and they wanted to avoid the market and official channels and use private channels instead with the hope of getting them at a cheaper price.
After all, the official and market channels meant middlemen making a profit, but private transactions eliminated these intermediary fees and indirectly reduced the cost.
Today was the agreed-upon day for the private transaction with Chu Jinmo.
The objects of the transaction were the female cultivators in the Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating on Small Guanhai Peak.
On the scene.
After Han Yi set out the pills, the female cultivators came forward one after another, pouring the pills out of the jade bottles, smelling, pinching, and observing them.
The more they appraised, the brighter their eyes became.
Not bad, the quality is really good.
This is even better than what I bought in the market.
No wonder Uncle Qi said your alchemy skill is very strong.
I wonder if Brother Han has a Dao partner?
Surrounded by the female cultivators, Han Yi remained calm and composed, not answering the question about the Dao partner.
He had learned that the Uncle Qi mentioned by these female cultivators was that plump middle-aged woman he had encountered during the sects assessment.
Only after everyone had appraised the pills did he slowly speak up.
According to the market price, one Nurturing Qi Pill is about one and a half Spirit Stones; since we are trading privately, it can be cheaper. Ten Nurturing Qi Pills will cost twelve Spirit Stones, a discount of three stones, equivalent to a 20% discount. I think this shows enough sincerity.
Besides, as you can all see, the quality of my Nurturing Qi Pills is much better than whats available in the market.
As for the Exorcising Evil Spirits Pill, the market price is five Spirit Stones, but Im also offering a 20% discount, so you only need four.
Additionally, there will be no bargaining. We can either make a deal, or I will leave immediately.
A moment later.
Han Yi walked out of the room with satisfaction, Chu Jinmo following by his side.
Sister Chu, Ill leave now. Next time 1 save more pills, 1 will inform you about the time for trading.
Han Yi bowed his hands, preparing to leave. Inside the room, his voice had just fallen and the pills were sold out within ten seconds, showing just how popular his pills were at these prices.
Alright, on behalf of many younger sisters, 1 would like to thank Brother Han.
Chu Jinmo smiled faintly but continued to ask, By the way, Brother Han, did you happen to see anyone youre interested in among those younger sisters?
If you have any preference, you can tell me, and 1 will play matchmaker for you.
Han Yi forced a smile: Sister Chu, with my low realm, I dare not reach for the stars.
Chu Jinmo tilted her head and thought, Although you are only at the fourth layer of Qi Cultivation, your alchemy skill is outstanding. With such a skill, you dont have to worry about cultivation resources, so its only a matter of time before you reach the fifth and sixth layers of Qi Cultivation.
Besides, if 1 havent broken through to the seventh layer of Qi Cultivation by the time you reach the sixth, 1 might consider becoming your Dao partner.
Chu Jinmos face was serious, while Han Yi hurriedly turned to flee, leaving behind her melodious laughter.
In all honesty, Chu Jinmos appearance and figure were really quite good, and Han Yi was partial to her voice, which scored full marks.
However, Han Yi had too many secrets and wasnt suitable to have a Dao partner by his side.
So he had to let it go.
Han Yi returned to his courtyard, laid out the Spirit Stones he had obtained from the transaction, and obtained nearly two hundred more.
Moreover, he still had half of the pills in his hands.
He was extra cautious, not taking all the pills out, and used the excuse that this batch was only a part of the inventory he had saved up for over a year.
He continued to cultivate.
His days became even more peaceful and solid.
Han Yi divided his pills into three portions: one part was exchanged for sect points to buy alchemy materials, one part was supplied to the female cultivators of Small Guanhai Peak, and the last part was sold in the market.
In this way, the risk was minimized, and few people had any doubts.
In the blink of an eye, three years had passed..


CHAPTER-27
Chapter 27: Chapter 27: Robbing Cultivator Blocks the Road

Three years later.
Little Luoxia Peak, Luoxia Night Market.
A masked man is squatting behind a stall.
In front of him is a gray-white cloth about two meters wide, on which are placed four pill bottles. Next to each bottle is a note with Nurturing Qi Pill, Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill, Breaking Stage Pill, and Focus Pill written on it. People come and go on the market street, now and then someone would squat down to bargain.
There are deals made and also people leaving unsatisfied.
The masked man is none other than Han Yi.
This market is one of the many outer peak markets.
At this time, it has been three years since Han Yi returned to the sect.
During these three years, Han Yi traveled to various outer markets and collected more than a dozen different masks.
Moreover, every time he sold pills, he would switch to a night market far away from the last one after a few months.
In order to minimize risks and avoid being targeted.
As night deepens, Han Yi collects the pills and folds the gray-white cloth before leaving.
About two hundred meters behind him, three figures, although not walking together, exchange glances and follow Han Yi at a moderate pace.
Han Yi, walking ahead, doesnt notice anything unusual.
Over the past two years, he has become less vigilant, having never encountered any robbery incidents.
As usual, after exiting the enclosed market area, he starts to speed up. Using the Light Body Technique, his body moves swiftly like a flying bird.
The trio behind him, upon seeing Han Yis increased speed, hastily exit the market and chase after him.
When they reach the mountainside of Little Luoxia Peak.
Han Yi stops.
Someone blocks his path.
Junior brother, Im only here to rob you of your wealth. Leave your storage bag and you can go.
The person blocking him has a hoarse voice and wears a mask, evidently an experienced robber.
Han Yis inner heart shudders.
Over the past two years, he has repeatedly imagined in his heart what to do if he encountered a robber?
Now that it comes to it, he is indeed somewhat nervous.
After all, apart from the sudden encounter with Jiang De in Mengshan City two years ago, this is his second actual battle.
This time, too, its an ambush, and the fight comes down to absolute power.
Senior brother, I
Han Yi goes to say more, but suddenly turns his head and looks behind him. Three figures are rushing towards him at an angle.
Not good, its a pincer attack. Theyre a group.
Han Yi immediately takes action, raising his hand and flicking two fingers in succession.
Bang!!
With his newly advanced Late Stage of Qi Cultivation and mastering 90% of Spirit Void Finger skill, these two finger strikes produce unimaginable power. The person who was originally blocking Han Yi reveals an ecstatic expression when he sees his accomplices approach. He thinks theyve finally caught a big fish.
However, in the next moment, he is astonished.
No, to say he is astonished is insufficient; it should be described as terror.
He sees the big fish flick a finger, and the twinkling spirit light that appears like starlight is suddenly right in front of him.
He thinks that with his Late Stage of Qi Cultivation, it should not be difficult to handle an attack from someone who has just entered the same stage. So he activates a defensive magic skill, intending to block this strike.
The defensive magic skill is called Golden Shield Skill.
He has tested it before, and the skill can even withstand a brief attack from someone at the sixth level of cultivation.
Unfortunately.
The next instant, his pupils suddenly contracted.
He could only watch helplessly as the starlight flashed like lightning, piercing through the golden shield he had activated and landing on his body.
Before the intense pain came, another streak of starlight followed closely behind.
Boom, boom!!
After flicking his fingers, Han Yi didnt even bother to look at the result. Instead, he quickly merged his index and middle fingers and waved forward.
The dagger at his waist in the back suddenly soared into the sky.
Whoosh!!
A breaking sound resonated, and the screams in front of him stopped abruptly.
Han Yi dashed forward as fast as lightning, reached out with one hand, and grabbed the storage bag on the chest of the headless corpse with a pierced hole in it.
The dagger that had broken through the air had also returned to his waist, trembling slightly and humming softly.
After that.
Instead of lingering in battle, Han Yi pushed the Light Body Technique to its limit, rushing forward and disappearing without a trace after a few leaps.
Although he was not afraid of the three people behind him, what if more people arrived, or even someone stronger in the Late Stage of Qi Cultivation?
Its okay to kill robbing cultivators, but by killing so proficiently, he looked more like a robber, and it would not be easy to explain.
By the time the trio had arrived here,
a strong sense of fear had engulfed them.
It was too fast; the battle had ended too quickly.
From a distance, they saw starlights flashing, screams erupting, and then everything went silent as the battle ended.
Senior Brother Zhuang, what should we do?
Is Li Kui really dead?
He was at the Peak of the Fifth Layer of Qi Cultivation. Even if he faced the
Sixth Layer, he should be able to resist for a short while.
Could the opponent be a Seventh Layer expert?
Its not impossible.
The male cultivators on both sides sounded somewhat panic-stricken.
Meanwhile, the masked man in the middle, who had just stood up from the squatting position beside the headless corpse and was referred to as Senior Brother Zhuang, the strongest member of their small team, spoke with a hint of fear in his voice.
The opponent is very strong, incredibly strong.
In just two magic skills, without revealing any specific attributes, he broke through Junior Brother Li Kuis shield, pierced his chest, and then decapitated him with a sword, clean and neat.
Even if 1 encountered the opponent, my chances of survival would be slim.
Even if the opponent isnt in the Seventh Layer of Qi Cultivation, he must be at the peak of the Sixth Layer, and with astonishing combat prowess at that. Lets leave quickly. We cannot stay here for long. This time, its just Junior Brother Li Kuis bad luck.
The masked man took out a black bottle, poured out a viscous black liquid, and dropped it on the corpse. There was a sizzling sound, and a moment later, only a small pit remained in its original place, with even the bones melted away.
Such skilled techniques showed that he had already stepped into the path of robbing cultivators.
After that.
The trio quickly disappeared.
Apart from them and Han Yi, no one knew that a battle had taken place here, nor that a Peak Fifth Layer Qi Cultivation robber had died.
When Han Yi returned to Little Lingxu Peak, he removed his mask, and his heart was still pounding.
It took a full quarter of an hour before he calmed down.
After he calmed down, he began to summarize this encounter.
There were four robbers. Fortunately, I was quick-witted. If the three behind me had surrounded me, I might have escaped but probably injured.
It was too dangerous.
I cant risk going to the Luoxia Market again.
However, my combat prowess isnt bad. Within the fifth layer of Qi Cultivation, no one can withstand my successive Spirit Void Finger flicks. As for the sixth layer, well, Ive never faced one before, and 1 cant draw conclusions without knowing their methods.
As expected, a fight requires strategyspeed, accuracy, ruthlessness. Talking too much can be distracting..


CHAPTER-28
Chapter 28: Chapter 28: Changes in Three Years

After reflecting on this battle experience,
Han Yi didnt feel complacent about his victory, but rather felt a lingering fear.
Every battle carried risks.
If this time he had encountered a Late Stage of Qi Cultivating robbing cultivator, he would have most likely lost.
Even if he didnt lose, it would be difficult to emerge unscathed.
In Han Yis estimation, he could probably win against a 6th layer of Qi Cultivating opponent, but of course, this was just an estimate, and the opponent might have strong moves as well. If the opponents powerful moves could restrain his own, the uncertainty would be even greater.
As for facing a 7th layer of Qi Cultivating opponent, he wouldnt even entertain the thought of victory; being able to hold his own for a short time would already be considered quite an achievement.
Unless his Spirit Void Finger or Sword Control Skill breakthrough to a new level, Han Yi would not have the confidence to face a 7th layer of Qi Cultivating opponent head-on.
With this in mind, Han Yi activates the translucent red panel that appears before his eyes.
Life Span: 25/99
Realm: Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating (6/100)
Techniques: Fire Profound Skill (Adept 29/100)
Skills:
Alchemy Skill (Mastering 48/100)
Spirit Void Finger (Mastering 90/100)
Sword Control Skill (Mastering 49/ioo)
Light Body Technique (Mastering 19/100)
Looking at the skills, all four of which had reached the Mastering level, Han Yi felt satisfied.
Over the past three years,
He had opportunities to acquire other skills, through official channels, markets, or even purchasing them from Little Lingxu Peaks female cultivators with whom he was close.
But he didnt.
He understood the saying bite off more than one can chew and acted accordingly.
Especially for Spirit Void Finger and Sword Control Skill, these two combat techniques complemented each other well. In real battles between cultivators, there was no such thing as a tug-of-war. Cultivator battles were full of rapid changes, with victory being decided in an instant.
Han Yis inner thought was to wait until these two techniques breakthrough to the next level of Mastering, then consider adding other techniques.
He was bestowed the Light Body Technique by the master of Little Lingxu Peak, and since Han Yi happened to lack a body technique, he practiced it as well.
Moreover, during these three years, he traveled between multiple Outer Peak markets, deliberately cultivating this body technique and raising it to the level of Mastering as well.
Unfortunately,
Once all skills entered Mastering, the progression speed would drastically slow down and take much more time.
In the past three years, his most focused techniques, Sword Control Skill and Spirit Void Finger, had only reached 49/100 and 90/100, respectively; the progress was not as ideal as he would have liked.
Furthermore,
As for the Fire Profound Skill, it was a basic technique that impacted his realm cultivation progress, but he had not considered replacing it.
Later, he learned that this technique was suitable for building a foundation in Alchemy Skill for those with Fire Spirit Roots during Early Qi Cultivation and Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating.
He should wait until he reaches the 7th layer of Qi Cultivating before switching to other more advanced techniques. Xuandan Sects historical experience had proven this to be the correct path.
Hence, Han Yi didnt insist on changing it and temporarily continued practicing this skill. In the three years, his Fire Profound Skill had also advanced from proficient to adept.
After reviewing his current status, Han Yi took out the storage bag he had grabbed from the robbing cultivator.
It took him half a day to erase the original imprint on the storage bag, and when he looked at its contents, his heart was filled with excitement.
There was a wide variety of items in the storage bag.
Han Yi took out things he was interested in.
More than 300 spirit stones, over a hundred pounds of spirit sand, lots of bottles and jars, talismans, array discs, and two unused scripture transmission plates.
These items, although not a huge fortune for someone like Han Yi who now had a net worth of over 2,000 spirit stones, were still exciting to obtain for free.
Han Yi didnt examine the bottles, talismans, and array discs.
Doing so would take up too much time.
The thing Han Yi was short of the most was time. Instead of examining these, it would be better to practice his Spirit Void Finger and advance to the next stage as soon as possible.
Once he finished organizing items, he returned to his cultivation.
Unyielding cultivation and continuous supply of spirit stones were the foundation of his breakthrough to the 5th layer of Qi Cultivating in three years.
During this time, he focused on cultivating his Spirit Void Finger.
He was eager to see what the next level of Mastering would be like.
In the backyard of his courtyard, Han Yi had built a new practice room, using precious materials purchased at a high price that could withstand the attacks of the Spirit Void Finger. This was where he practiced the Spirit Void Finger daily.
Nothing happened overnight.
The next day.
After tidying up, he went straight to the Small Guanhai Peak.
Over the past three years, he had traded with the female cultivators of Small Guanhai Peak seven or eight times and was considered an acquaintance.
This time, Chu Jinmo was not present, and Yan Ru received him instead.
After three years together, the explosively attractive female cultivator looked much friendlier with Han Yi and was no longer icy cold.
Junior Brother Han Yi, have you reached the fifth level of Qi Cultivation? Yan Ru, with her sharp eyes, noticed that Han Yis aura had reached the standard of the fifth level, which surprised her a bit.
By a stroke of luck, just by a stroke of luck.
Han Yi humbly said. The last time he came to Small Guanhai Peak was half a year ago, at the peak of the fourth level of Qi Cultivation.
Today, he has already had a breakthrough.
Yan Ru gave him a glance.
This is not luck, its well-deserved.
It wont be long before you break through to the sixth or even the seventh level of Qi Cultivation and join the Inner Peak, leaving the rest of us far behind.
Yan Ru said with a touch of emotion.
Comparing oneself to others really hurts.
She had been stuck on the fifth level of Qi Cultivation for years and was still a long way from the sixth level.
Junior Brother Han Yi, with your cultivation speed, if youre willing, many junior sisters on Small Guanhai Peak would be interested in becoming your Dao partner.
Why not think about it?
Or is it that you cant do it?
Han Yi, who was walking shoulder to shoulder with her, nearly tripped and fell.
He turned to look at Yan Ru, only to see a rare teasing smile playing at the corners of her mouth, and he couldnt help but wave his hands and laugh bitterly.
Sister Yan, please stop making fun of me.
I really wont consider the Dao partner matter for now.
Han Yi firmly declined.
Alright, Im just joking, dont mind it, lets go. 1 hope you brought enough pills today.
Yan Ru withdrew her rare smile, returning her face to its usual calm, and led him into a room.
Han Yi quickly followed: I wont disappoint Sister Yan.
Half an hour later.
The two came out of the room, Han Yi with a satisfied look on his face and Yan Ru with a look of regret.
Han Yi was satisfied with the amount of Spirit Stones he had earned, a sizable sum.
As for Yan Ru, she regretted that the pills Han Yi offered were relatively few. With more than twenty sisters to distribute, each got only a small portion.
By the way, Sister Yan, when will Sister Chu return? Han Yi asked as he was about to leave.
Yan Ru shook her head: 1 dont know either, shes been away with Uncle Qi for a year now, theres no exact word.
Han Yi nodded and didnt press the matter further as it involved the matters of Small Guanhai Peak, which he shouldnt pry into.
The next trade might have to be postponed. Im at a bottleneck in my cultivation of a certain Magic Skill and want to close myself off for a while.
I can only trade again in about half a year.
Please convey my apologies to the other sisters of Small Guanhai Peak.
Upon hearing this, the look of regret on Yan Rus face deepened. However, since it involved Han Yi himself, she could not force him.
Over the past three years.
The pills Han Yi had sold to Small Guanhai Peak had been highly sought after.
Nurturing Qi Pill, exorcise evil spirits pill, Focus Pill, and Breaking Stage Pill.
These four pills were extremely important for cultivators in the Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating.
Moreover, Han Yis pills were absolutely excellent value for money.
The regret was even more profound knowing that the next transaction could only take place in half a year.
After leaving Small Guanhai Peak, Han Yi first went to the Little Pan Stone Peak to look for Zheng Hai, but he couldnt find him, so he had to go back to Little Lingxu Peak..


CHAPTER-29
Chapter 29: Chapter 29: The Thin Line Between Life and Death

For the past three years.
Han Yi had visited all eighteen bazaars of the Outer Peak.
Besides these, he often went to the Small Guanhai Peak where the female cultivators were located, and the Little Pan Stone Peak where Zheng Hai lived, which he could say was like a well-trodden path.
Other than these places, he spent most of his time on Little Lingxu Peak and went to the Vermilion Bird Peak once a year to complete his tasks for points.
Although he didnt actively promote himself, he couldnt resist the fame that he had gathered, and people often sought him out for private transactions involving pills.
He usually refused such requests.
If the person introducing him was too insistent, he would only trade the minimum amount of pills at a price higher than what was sold on Small Guanhai Peak, on par with the sects pricing.
Regardless, due to the high quality of his pills, the number of people seeking him steadily increased.
Han Yis mind was preoccupied, and his footsteps didnt stop as he reached the mountainside of Little Lingxu Peak.
Suddenly.
Boom!!
A huge vibration rang out above, jolting his mind. He unconsciously looked up.
Above his head.
The originally hazy cloud sea, resembling a fairyland-like scene, now vanished. Instead, a pitch-black line, like a rift in the sky, extended from the neighboring Outer Peak, the Little Valley Sword Seal, directly to Little Lingxu Peak.
Rumble!!
The terrifying vibrating sound spread out in all directions from the rift, and at the same time, the sinister black crack seemingly possessed a consciousness, tearing through the defensive formations of Little Lingxu Peak. It appeared to wriggle slowly but actually moved with extreme speed, striking the core of Little Lingxu Peak.
A roar followed.
Gu Wuheng, have you gone mad?
The rage-filled voice was from a middle-aged cultivator in his forties.
Han Yi recognized him as the peak master of Little Lingxu Peak, who he had met a few times before  Fan Mo, who had reached the apex of the ninth level of Qi Cultivation.
Spirit Light burst forth from Fan Mos hand, pulling the core of Little Lingxu Peak and opposing the sinister black rift.
In the blink of an eye, the Spirit Light shattered, and Fan Mo, who had soared into the sky, fell back to the peak in a sorry state.
No, Gu Wuheng, have you been possessed by a demon?
Damn it.
Heavenly Demon invasion, all Little Lingxu Peak disciples, escape quickly!
As soon as the words fell, a golden light emanated from Fan Mo, turning his body into a stream of light which raced out of Little Lingxu Peak and disappeared in the distance.
He had actually abandoned everyone and escaped.
Han Yi, who was situated halfway up the mountain, watched this scene unfold with an indescribable sense of shock in his inner heart.
The next instant, he felt a sudden strike of danger. His face turned pale as an intense sense of crisis surged through his inner heart.
Danger!!
As expected, before he had even made a move, the wriggling black rift in mid-air shattered and dispersed, transforming into sinister black air that descended directly upon the numerous courtyards of Little Lingxu Peak.
Figures rose from the courtyards on their artifacts; they were the stewards of Little Lingxu Peak who had reached the high levels of Qi Cultivation.
However, those who attempted to flee on their artifacts were far weaker than Fan Mo. Barely having taken to the sky, they were enveloped by the sinister black air and fell, screaming in agony. Their breaths vanished, their fates unknown.
Those who were below the high levels of Qi Cultivation and couldnt take to the sky scrambled to escape in all directions. Some fled downhill, some to the back mountain, and some even thought that the courtyards protective formations were still effective  unaware that the core of Little Lingxu Peak had been broken and the formations that relied on the Spirit Veins beneath the peak had already dissolved.
The sinister black air swirled frantically, enveloping Little Lingxu Peak in the blink of an eye.
Devoid of protective formations, the outer sect disciples still in the courtyards were immediately assailed.
In the chaos, wails filled the air.
Han Yi, halfway up the mountain, was drenched in a cold sweat. His soul nearly escaped him as he abandoned everything in the courtyard.
He bolted, pushing his Light Body Technique to the limit, moving even faster than a Sixth Rank Qi Cultivation disciple.
However, he was fast, but the eerie black gas was even faster.
Suddenly, a black gas the size of a fist appeared ten meters away, and then it rushed straight at him.
Han Yi had clearly seen earlier that those high qi cultivation disciples who had flown into the air were accurately hit by this thick black gas.
Although the black gas that came for him was only the size of a fist.
But Han Yi didnt dare to take it lightly. He even had a feeling that this scene was a matter of life and death.
Without hesitation,
His hands waved frantically, almost forming an afterimage. The Spirit Void Finger was sent out like a torrential downpour.
In an instant, it had woven a tightly knit, layered spiritual light array.
The array pressed forward and collided with the fist-sized black gas.
Boom!!
An explosion occurred at the point of collision, and the terrifying blast sent Han Yi, who had no time to defend, flying more than ten meters. He rolled a few times before coming to a stop.
Han Yi didnt care about his embarrassment, and looked up at the center of the explosion. When he saw it clearly, his pupils contracted, and goosebumps covered his entire body.
In the center of the explosion, the black gas had not dispersed, but had instead shrunk by half. However, it seemed to be agitated, violently trembling, and was about to pounce on Han Yi once again.
Damn it, Im going all out.
Not minding his awkward posture, Han Yi combined his index and middle fingers. Three hidden daggers from his waist jumped out with a gentle tremble, floating beside him above his head.
Just at this moment,
A terrifying roar came from above his head once again.
Han Yis entire mind was focused on the black gas ten meters away, not daring to be distracted at all.
However, with this roar, the black gas that was about to pounce on him again suddenly changed direction and flew into the sky.
It was then that Han Yi looked up.
He saw a cultivator standing in midair above Little Lingxu Peak. The cultivators face was unclear, but Han Yi could sense the anger in his voice.
In front of this airborne cultivator, the numerous black gas clusters that had been scattered on the peaks top before all rose into the air, converging together to form an indistinct-faced, more than three-meter-tall, black giant.
Bold Heavenly Demon, daring to reveal your true form.
Die!!
The airborne cultivator gently tossed an object, and a device flew out from his palm. It expanded in the wind, transforming into a nine-horned device.
Flames suddenly surged outside the device, forming a fire net that enveloped the black giant.
The black giant spat out thick black gas, but they all dissipated into nothingness under the fire net.
The black giant tried to turn and flee but was not faster than the power of the device.
The device rotated with a clatter, and nine fire dragons emerged from it, trapping the black giant from all directions. The scorching heat of the fire attribute energy burned its body.
A moment later,
The black giant dissipated in midair. The airborne cultivator gathered his device and looked down. His gaze swept over Han Yi, who was staring intently at the sky, without revealing any emotion. Then, he turned and flew towards the Inner Peak.
One horrific event finally came to an end.
Han Yis gaze followed the figure of the departing cultivator.
So strong.
Is this person an elder of the Inner Peak, a Golden Core stage cultivator?
And the fire attribute device earlier, in fact, wasnt a device, but an even more powerful treasure?
Then, his gaze fell back to Little Lingxu Peak. He looked at the heavily damaged Little Lingxu Peak with a somber expression. After looking somber, he sighed inwardly, feeling an intense sense of powerlessness.
Is this the Heavenly Tribulation?
For the first time, he realized the harm of the Heavenly Demons, not only their temptation during a breakthrough in realms, but also the more direct harm in front of him  the invasion of Heavenly Demons..


CHAPTER-30
Chapter 30: Chapter 30: Tremors in Numerous Peaks

After the Nascent Soul Stage expert of the Inner Peak killed the manifested True Body of Heavenly Demon.
Fan Mo returned to Little Lingxu Peak.
His face had turned extremely unsightly.
It wasnt just because Little Lingxu Peak had suffered tremendously during this calamity, but also because the cultivators at the Qi Cultivating 7th level and above in charge of management had been targeted by the Heavenly Demons and almost entirely wiped out. The lower-ranked Qi cultivators also suffered during the first wave of black Qi erosion. Most of those who survived were disciples in the Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating.
Based on the data, less than 70% of the disciples on Little Lingxu Peak survived. In this wave of Heavenly Demon invasion, over two hundred Outer Sect disciples met their untimely deaths.
Fortunately, the Nascent Soul stage expert had taken action. If he had been any later, there would have been even more casualties.
The second reason for Fan Mos unsightly expression was that he had abandoned the disciples of the peak and fled during the crucial moment.
Although this was a necessary action to save his own life, it had made him subject to denunciation from many Outer Peak Masters in the Great Hall of the sect; they accused him of fleeing in the face of danger and being unworthy of his position, demanding that he relinquishes the position of Peak Master.
Although the sect leader had temporarily suppressed the proposal, Fan Mo knew that he had left a bad impression in the eyes of the sects high-ranking members.
On the other hand.
At this moment, Han Yi had already left Little Lingxu Peak long ago.
After the Nascent Soul stage expert left, Han Yi didnt dare to linger for even a moment. Fearing that there might still be hidden dangers on Little Lingxu Peak, he immediately followed and descended the mountain.
In fact.
At this moment, most of the disciples on Little Lingxu Peak did not dare to stay either. They all ran away as fast as rabbits.
Although the battle seemed to be over on the surface, it was always better to be safe than sorry.
A gentleman does not stand beneath a dangerous wall, and cultivators are no exception.
The place Han Yi chose to go was the Vermilion Bird Peak.
As one of the nine Inner Peaks, and the location of the sects administrative Great Hall, Vermilion Bird Peak was bustling with people coming and going. It did not restrict access.
Most importantly, the Vermilion Bird Peak, being one of the top three Inner Peaks, had a Golden Core stage cultivator present all year round.
Han Yi was fast. When he arrived at Vermilion Bird Peak, he saw other Outer Sect disciples arriving one after another.
Most of these disciples were from Outer Peaks near Little Lingxu Peak, while a few were from Little Lingxu Peak itself.
These disciples from other Outer Peaks had witnessed the battle on Little Lingxu Peak and didnt feel safe, so they ran to Vermilion Bird Peak for refuge. As for the Middle Stage Qi Cultivators from Little Lingxu Peak, most were, like Han Yi, still frightened and pale. It was clear that they had been thoroughly scared and had not yet recovered.
What on earth happened?
I dont know. I just know that Little Lingxu Peak suffered a lot. Many fellow disciples were attacked, and only two or three out of ten managed to escape. How could the True Body of Heavenly Demon be manifested? Damn it.
This happened within the sect, thats way too outrageous.
By the way, arent you from Little Bamboo Leaf Peak? Why did you run here too?
Dont talk about it. Little Bamboo Leaf Peak is very close to Little Lingxu Peak. We saw the terrifying black giant. Nobody could escape from Little Valley Sword Edge, and Little Lingxu Peak was also affected. Its better to run in case something happens. Should we wait here to die?
I heard from Elder Fu that the black giant manifested is the True Body of Heavenly Demon?
Who is Elder Fu?
Of course its the cultivator who killed the True Body of Heavenly Demon in the end. Elder Fu is one of the Nascent Soul stage experts in our Xuandan Sect. That divine fire-emitting treasure is the famous Nine Dragons Divine Fire Cover.
I see.1
What exactly is the True Body of Heavenly Demon?
I dont know.
I dont know, either.
In the midst of the fear, the people around couldnt help but discuss the situation.
Han Yi learned from their conversations that the cultivator who stood in mid-air and lulled the black giant, as he had suspected, was indeed a Nascent Soul Stage expert named Fu from his sect.
Moreover, the black giant formed from the black Qi in the end was indeed the True Body of the Heavenly Demon.
As for what the True Body of Heavenly Demon was, the people around didnt know much either.
So they gave up.
They waited for two or three hours.
This period was agonizing for everyone.
Finally, a Foundation Establishment Stage cultivator from Vermilion Bird Peak came out to inform everyone that the Outer Peaks were safe and sound, and that the formation cores had been activated to their maximum capacity, so everyone could return.
At this moment, everyone calmed down, and upon hearing this news, they left Vermilion Bird Peak and returned to the Outer Peaks.
When Han Yi arrived at Little Lingxu Peak, the peak had already returned to a calm state. Apart from some collapsed courtyards, there were no other traces of battle.
Outside the peak, the Cloud Sea drifted gracefully, occasionally emitting spirit light.
This situation meant that the Outer Peaks formations were pushed to the extreme, and with the Peak Master presiding over the core, even if another True Body of Heavenly Demon invaded, they could withstand it for a while, holding out until reinforcements arrived.
It wasnt just Little Lingxu Peak.
After this day, over one hundred Outer Peaks activated their formations to their maximum, forming an imposing scene of battle preparations.
This situation made Han Yis mood quite poor for the next few days.
On the seventh day.
When he went to Vermilion Bird Peak to inquire about the news, he unexpectedly reunited with Chu Jinmo, whom he hadnt seen for a year.
Congratulations, Sister Chu! 1 wish you happiness! You finally reached the seventh level of Qi Cultivation, so you can leave the Outer Peaks and permanently reside in the Inner Peaks.
Han Yi was happy for Chu Jinmo from his heart, and at the same time, he felt a little envious.
If he was at the seventh level of Qi Cultivation, he could stay in the Inner Peaks.
Among the nine Inner Peaks, there were usually Golden Core Stage cultivators stationed, and if not, the Foundation Establishment Stage cultivators stationed there were still quite strong.
The formations of the nine Inner Peaks were interconnected, and unless multiple Golden Core Stage enemies attacked, it was impossible to shake the Inner Peaks formations.
Such a situation had never happened since the establishment of Xuandan Sect thousands of years ago.
In short, the Inner Peaks were an unshakable stronghold.
Chu Jinmo was still wearing the gray robe of the Outer Sect and had not yet changed to the Inner Sects attire. Her aura was unstable and much higher than before, clearly indicating that she had just broken through recently.
In this situation, it was more than obvious.
When Chu Jinmo saw Han Yi, a gentle smile appeared on her face.
Why are you here, Junior Brother Han?
I heard from Junior Sister Yau that you were in closed-door cultivation.
Han Yi spread his hands and gave a bitter smile: What closed-door cultivation? Little Lingxu Peak had an incident, and Im not in the mood for it. What Han Yi said was the truth.
He originally planned to enter closed-door cultivation to focus on cultivating the Spirit Void Finger, trying to break through to the next level. He estimated that it would take about three months.
However, before he could enter closed-door cultivation, the Heavenly Demon invasion occurred.
He was grateful that he was not in closed-door cultivation at that time; otherwise, it might have been even more dangerous.
After that incident, Han Yi felt a bit fearful.
His premise for closed-door cultivation was that Little Lingxu Peak had to be safe and stable, but now this premise had been broken.
So, during this period, he felt a little uneasy and went around inquiring about the truth of the battle.
Oh, right, 1 forgot that you live on Little Lingxu Peak. Luckily, you didnt get hurt.11
Chu Jinmo frowned, hesitated for a moment, but still decided to speak up.
I happen to know some truth about what happened on Little Lingxu Peak.
And this incident involves more than what meets the eye.
Also, rest assured, Junior Brother Han, I heard from Unde Shi that the sects powerful cultivators have already inspected the place once, and theyve activated the sects great formation that spans across the mountain range. 1 believe that there wont be any incidents involving Heavenly Demons again.
However
At this point, Chu Jinmo paused before continuing to speak.
However, the sect might issue a recruitment order soon, so Junior Brother Han, its better to be prepared in advance..


CHAPTER-31
Chapter 31: Chapter 31: First Encounter with the Demon Cave

Sect recruitment order?
Han Yi was confused; it was the first time he had heard of this term.
Hmm. Chu Jinmo nodded and lowered his voice: To the east of Yujing Mountain Sacred Land, to the west of Tai Xu Sect, a demon cave has appeared.
Daqian Immortal Country has issued an order, requesting all sects in the immortal country to send people to join forces and eliminate the demon cave, preventing it from expanding further.
Our Xuandan Sect, being the sect just below the three major sects, naturally joins the ranks.
Chu Jinmo sighed.
You thought that the invasion of the Heavenly Demon in Little Lingxu Peak was just caused by a Heavenly Demon escaping from the demon cave.
Inside the demon cave, there are not only Heavenly Demons equivalent to the Foundation Establishment stage in the Cultivation World, but also Heavenly Demon Kings, Heavenly Demon Lords, and even Heavenly Demon Gods equivalent to the Spirit Transformation stage.
This matter has already become related to the safety of Daqian Immortal Country.
Chu Jinmos voice was somewhat solemn, obviously feeling heavy.
As for Han Yi, he was even more confused.
Before he could ask more questions, Chu Jinmo quickly left after saying, In short, Junior Brother Han should make preparations as soon as possible. 1 have other matters and will take my leave now.
Demon cave?
And this demon cave appears to the east of Yujing Mountain Sacred Land, one of the two major sacred lands, and the Tai Xu Sect in the west, which belongs to the three major sects.
Furthermore, there are even stronger Heavenly Demon Kings, Heavenly Demon Lords, and Heavenly Demon Gods inside the demon cave.
In order to eliminate the demon cave, the Daqian Immortal Country issued a recruitment order, asking all sects within Daqian Region to join forces and besiege.
Han Yi stood in place, extracting the above information from Chu Jinmos words.
But his inner heart was still confused.
As he had no understanding of the demon cave.
As for the two major sacred lands and the three major sects, he did know.
In the Daqian Immortal Country, the two major sacred lands were Yujing Mountain Sacred Land and Stars Sea Sacred Land. These two sacred lands had Spirit Transformation stage experts and the sects had a deep foundation and history, existing far before the establishment of Daqian.
The three major sects were Tai Xu Sect, Southern Dipper Divine Palace, and Chi Xiao Sword Sect. These three major sects all had Nascent Soul Stage experts, and even several of them. The resources they occupied were second only to the two sacred lands and were countless times stronger than Xuandan Sect.
Han Yi didnt forcefully hold onto Chu Jinmo. The fact that she said so much already showed that their relationship was good.
Afterwards, he went to find Zheng Hai, but unfortunately, Zheng Hai knew even less than him. Then, the two went to Little Dragon Whisker Peak to find Guan Di.
Four years had passed, and Guan Di was still at the peak of the sixth layer of Qi Cultivation and had not broken through to the seventh layer.
Although there was only a step difference between the sixth and seventh layers, the difference in strength was like heaven and earth, which was why there was a rule that those in the seventh layer lived in the Inner Peak and those in the sixth layer lived in the Outer Peak.
I dont know, but during this period, 1 feel that something is wrong within the sect. On Vermilion Bird Peak, I sense some undercurrents.
Both of you have low realms, so during this time, dont run around, especially dont leave the mountain.
Guan Dis face was somewhat solemn, and his tone was quite puzzled.
Han Yi did not reveal what Chu Jinmo said. He only asked about the situation of Little Lingxu Peak and the sect, expressing his worries.
As expected.
Guan Di, who was responsible for managing the Great Hall of Vermilion Bird Peak, had not received any specific news, but he also sensed something unusual.
A moment later, Han Yi and Zheng Hai left Little Dragon Whisker Peak with heavy hearts.
A week later.
A piece of news was released by the sect master and spread throughout the Inner and Outer Peaks, causing a thousand waves. The entire Xuandan Sect, from the undercurrents, officially entered the recruitment state.
In the spacious backyard.
Han Yis face was solemn.
So, Xuandan Sect needs to send three Golden Core, twenty Foundation Establishment, four hundred Late Stage of Qi Cultivation, and three thousand Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating to the periphery of the demon cave to besiege the escaped Heavenly Demons?
Sitting in front of Han Yi was Zheng Hai.
Zheng Hais face turned even blacker, and his tone was somewhat dejected.
If I had known, I wouldnt have rushed to break through to the fourth layer of Qi cultivation. Damn it, its like digging a pit to wait for me to jump in.
Bad luck.
A few days ago, Zheng Hai closed himself off to break through to the fourth layer of Qi cultivation for safety and to gain a bit more strength. He had just come out of seclusion when he heard about this conscription order, making him feel as uncomfortable as swallowing a fly.
Han Yi also felt it was unfair for his friend.
At this point, theres no way to turn back time. We still have to find a solution.
Zheng Hai cursed: What good solutions are there? The outer sect claims to have one hundred thousand disciples, but there are probably around eight thousand at the Middle Stage of Qi cultivation. Out of the eight thousand, three thousand are selected, which is nearly a 40% probability of being chosen. I can only leave it up to fate.
Han Yi narrowed his eyes, and his mind began to spin.
He first went over the information he had collected these days in his inner heart.
Ever since the sect leaders conscription order was issued three days ago, relevant information had already been made public.
Han Yi also learned what a demon lair was.
The demon lair is actually a term in the Cultivation World. To be more blunt, it is a place where Heavenly Demons gather, occupied by demons who possess the bodies of cultivators in this world and can manifest the True Body of Heavenly Demon.
The Cultivation World and the outer world are separated, with Heavenly Demons only able to descend through corresponding means.
For example, when a person from the Cultivation World breaks through, a temporary coordinate is generated in the outer world. Nearby Heavenly Demons are attracted to the coordinate and descend to the Cultivation World through a temporary passage.
Moreover, the temporary passage opened during a breakthrough can only allow one demon equal to or lower than the breakthrough stage to pass through.
This is the self-protection mechanism of the Cultivation World.
However, exceptional cases can occur, such as a battle between two Spirit Transformation stage powerhouses, which may break the barrier between the two realms and create a gap. At this time, nearby Heavenly Demons can directly pass through the gap and descend to the Cultivation World.
These descending demons have no power limit. If a Heavenly Demon Lord similar to the Nascent Soul Stage of the Cultivation World is present, it can set up a Heavenly Demon Array, maintain the channel, continuously attract Heavenly Demon Lords to descend, and even bring several Heavenly Demon Gods.
The descending Heavenly Demons gather under the channel, occupy the bodies of cultivators, manifest the True Body of Heavenly Demon, and wreak havoc.
Furthermore, it is rumored that other cultivation worlds have been completely occupied by Heavenly Demons through such methods, with cultivators treated as captive food and raised in captivity.
This time.
Such a passage was opened. As for the reason, Han Yis current level was far from being qualified to know.
As for the descending Heavenly Demons, they occupied that area and annihilated the mighty Juque Mountain, a force as influential as the Xuandan Sect in that region. After that, they established the Heavenly Demon Array to summon other Heavenly Demon Lords and even a few Heavenly Demon Gods.
The situation was extremely critical.
Even Daqian and Yujing Mountain, the sacred land, had no advantage in their hands.
They could only gradually eliminate them.
Now, there are conscription orders from various sects within Daqian Region.
About 40% of the Middle Stage of Qi Cultivation.
Moreover, it is not a lottery, but a selection.
Han Yi emphasized the word selection.
Han Yi, do you have a way to avoid this conscription? Zheng Hais eyes brightened.
Over the past three years, he had witnessed the miraculous powers of his friendalchemy, realm, cultivation base, connectionsit was as if hed become a different person from three years ago.
If it werent for the fact that they still felt the same as before, he would have thought Han Yi had been possessed.
Hearing this, Han Yi gently shook his head.
He only had some ideas, but whether they would work still needed to be put into practice and tried.
Alright, dont worry. In my estimation, the selection of those in the Middle Stage of Qi Cultivation will mainly focus on the fifth layer. The fourth layer has only just entered the Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating and, even though its strength is higher than the third layer, it is still limited.
And the sixth layer is the reserve army for the Late Stage of Qi Cultivation, so the sect will definitely consider retaining them.
Han Yi comforted his friend for a while before leaving Little Pan Stone Peak and returning to Little Lingxu Peak.
This time, he didnt go straight back to his courtyard but headed straight to the main building of Little Lingxu Peak to meet someone..


CHAPTER-32
Chapter 32: Chapter 32: Spending Money to Overcome
Misfortune (Asking for More Readers!)

Little Lingxu Peak, the main building, inside a room.
Han Yi sat upright with a somewhat tense expression.
Sitting in front of him was a youth in his early forties.
The youths face was slightly fatigued, and his eyes were densely covered with bloodshot veins. He was clearly not in good shape.
Han Yi took a deep breath without trying to be tactful, instead speaking to the point:
Brother Zhou, Ive come here for the quota.
The young man sitting in front of him was surnamed Zhou, named Zhou Xiong, and he was the closed-door disciple of Little Lingxu Peaks master, Fan Mo.
Zhou Xiongs face relaxed when he heard this.
Let me be clear, there are not many quotas, and the price has gone up quite high. You need to be prepared.
Also, I can only guarantee that having a quota means you have a chance, but it is not 100% successful to avoid it.
You need to know this.
Of course, dont worry. If you cant avoid it and youre really chosen, half the price will be refunded.
You think about it.
Zhou Xiongs words were also straightforward.
Han Yi came here for the quota mentioned by both of them.
The so-called quota refers to the number of spots in Little Lingxu Peak where you wont be chosen to go and suppress the Heavenly Demons.
This piece of news was leaked to him by a regular customer who came to purchase pills from him.
After Han Yi investigated from multiple sources, he also confirmed the existence of the quota.
In short.
Han Yi was here to bribe.
Brother Zhou, please quote your price. I will do my best to meet it. Han Yis expression was that of someone ready to be butchered.
At this moment, he was indeed ready for it.
Being selected to go and suppress the Heavenly Demons, there was a high probability of death, not to mention the slim chances of survival.
If he could avoid it, he would pay any price.
This was also the reason he was here.
Thirty medium-grade Spirit Stones, or equivalent in pills or low-grade Spirit Stones.
No haggling.
Hearing this, Han Yis face changed.
The price was just too high, outrageously so.
Among the mid-stage Qi cultivating disciples on Little Lingxu Peak, those who could afford this price did not exceed the number of ten fingers. And that was only possible for those with strong pill refining skills and a decade of savings who were at the sixth layer of Qi Cultivation.
Thirty medium-grade Spirit Stones are equivalent to three thousand low-grade Spirit Stones. My reserves of Spirit Stones are not sufficient, but if I add in the pills, it should be enough.
However, by doing so, all my savings from these three years would be gone.
I really cant bear to part with them.
Han Yis inner heart briefly struggled before making up his mind to pay up.
If he lost his Spirit Stones and pills, he could always earn them back. If he lost his life, everything would be over.
Half an hour later.
Han Yi walked out of the main building, gazing into the Cloud Sea, somewhat at a loss for a moment before regaining determination.
This times Heavenly Demon incident had made him more determined to hold on.
A great Heavenly Demon that escaped from the Demons Den was able to take advantage of Little Valley Sword Peaks master, Foundation Establishment Stage Cultivator Gu Wuhengs cultivation time, to invade his body, and then slaughter the entire Little Valley Sword Peak, wielding terrifying power, striking at Little Lingxu Peak, breaking the Array, forcing Little Lingxu Peaks master Fan Mo to retreat, and causing great casualties to Little Lingxu Peak.
It was terrifying.
And that was just a single great Heavenly Demon.
If he really went to the Demons Den, there would be numerous Heavenly Demons like that, not to mention even stronger Heavenly Demon Kings, Heavenly Demon Lords, and even Heavenly Demon Gods.
Just one look from them could easily kill him.
Dangerous.
Way too dangerous.
Therefore, Han Yi decided to do his best to hold on, even if it meant creating conditions to do so.
After leaving the main building, Han Yi returned to his courtyard, activated the defenses, and began cultivating the Spirit Void Finger technique.
He had already done everything he could to the best of his ability.
If he was still picked, it would simply be fate, and there was nothing he could do about it.
As for running away, that was a dead end, and he wasnt foolish enough to do that.
Half a month later.
The recruitment results were released.
Han Yi was not on the list.
He finally breathed a sigh of relief because of this.
As for Zheng Hai, he was also not on the list, just as Han Yi had guessed. This time, 80% of the three thousand cultivators in the middle stage of Qi cultivation were at the fifth level, and a small portion were at the fourth and sixth levels.
Great, we were not chosen.
Its worth a toast.
In the Little Lingxu Building, this time it was Han Yis treat. He ordered two barrels of Spirit Fruit Wine, which was moderately sweet and pleasantly aromatic.
Han Yi didnt reply but silently drank a big cup before lifting his head and sighing.
I wonder how many people will be able to return from this expedition?
Zheng Hai was indifferent: Thats hard to say, we can only leave it to fate. By the way, I heard that in the Demon Cave, a Sword Immortal from Daqian fought a Heavenly Demon God, breaking the space above the Demon Cave, revealing a beautiful scene from outside the world. Its truly terrifying.
If I can become a Spirit Transformation stage Sword Immortal in the future, that would be amazing.
Zheng Hai showed some longing, his eyes shining.
Dont daydream, just try to stay alive first. Han Yi replied and began drinking.
Suddenly.
A few tables away, several disciples wearing gray robes of outer sect members were also drinking.
1 heard that our Peak Master joined the recruitment team and will go together to hunt Heavenly Demons, is it true?
How could it be fake? The list is already out.
Humph, if he hadnt escaped so easily last time, and resisted a bit more, our Little Lingxu Peak wouldnt have suffered such heavy losses.
All, dont say that. Escaping in the face of life and death is instinct, there is no blame.
By the way, you guys dont know about the Peak Masters situation, right? 1 heard that he was scolded by the sects higher-ups and has to atone for his sins this time. Did you really think he volunteered for this? Bullshit.
Then will our Little Lingxu Peak have a new Peak Master?
I think a new Peak Master will be selected soon.
A few tables away, Han Yi lowered his raised ears.
However, more speculations surfaced in his heart.
The previous news about selecting quotas, although it was done by Fan Mos disciple Zhou Xiong and others, the final decision was actually still in Fan Mos hands.
Thinking about it now.
Fan Mo was trying to make a final profit for himself, or his descendants, or his family.
Han Yis hand holding the wine cup paused slightly.
He suddenly thought of the senior brother who had leaked the quota information to him.
Thinking back to that time, the leaking of information seemed a bit deliberate.
It seems.
Back then, he was already on Fan Mos list.
The so-called leaking of information was just about choosing someone wealthy enough from his pocket.
After all, Fan Mo knew about Han Yis pill refining skills. Although he didnt know how rich Han Yi was, he must have saved a lot, and it was worth a try to extort some money.
Damn, what a cunning man. Han Yi cursed softly.
Whats wrong? Zheng Hai asked.
Nothing. Han Yi didnt elaborate.
He could only keep this matter to himself.
As for whether this matter was against the rules or not, nobody would investigate it if neither officials nor people raise it. Whats the big deal if it is against the rules?
Moreover.
From a certain angle, Han Yi could also be considered one of the beneficiaries, so naturally he wouldnt do anything unnecessary.
In summary.
He had successfully spent money to avoid disaster.
They finished drinking and went their separate ways.
Half a month later.
Under the leadership of the Supreme Elder of the Xuandan Sect, three Golden Core cultivators, twenty Foundation Establishment cultivators, four hundred late-stage Qi Cultivators, and three thousand middle-stage Qi Cultivators were transported by large sect magic treasures like the Flying Sky God Ship, heading directly to the north of Qianzhou, east of Yujing Mountain Sacred Land, and west of Tai Xu Sect.
This trip.
Would last for three years..


CHAPTER-33
Chapter 33: Chapter 33: Fire is Purely Green

Last three years.
Han Yi had broken through from the fourth layer of Qi Cultivation to the fifth layer.
But in this three years, in terms of cultivation, Han Yi is still at the fifth layer of Qi Cultivation, with a short distance to the sixth layer.
The further along, the more difficult it is to progress in realms.
However.
The difficulties in cultivation did not affect the breakthrough in his skills.
First, the Spirit Void Finger had broken through, fromMasteringtoFire is Purely Green.
And the power of the Spirit Void Finger after the breakthrough did not disappoint Han Yi.
With just one-tenth of the mana compressed within his body, a single finger blast could directly shake the courtyard formation.
Han Yi estimated that the power of this finger had already reached the standard of the seventh layer of Qi Cultivation.
In other words.
After the breakthrough, Han Yi could now confront foes at the seventh layer of Qi Cultivation with only his fifth layer cultivation base. Although victory or defeat were uncertain  since all such scenarios were imagined without engaging in actual combat  Han Yis confidence undoubtedly soared.
Following the breakthrough of the Spirit Void Finger,
The second skill to break through was not Sword Control Skill, but Alchemy Skill.
After spending a fortune to ward off misfortune three years ago, Han Yis Spirit Stones were completely depleted, so he invested a lot of time into alchemy.
The breakthrough of Alchemy Skill significantly improved his alchemy abilities.
Nowadays.
His success rate in refining Nurturing Qi Pills was almost one hundred percent, and at least six out of every ten furnaces produced Nurturing Qi Pills of standard quality.
The success rate of refining Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills had also reached fifty percent, and occasionally he could even refine Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills of standard quality.
You should know.
The breakthrough in the Late Stage of Qi Cultivation requires standard quality Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills.
The prices of such pills in the market skyrocketed exponentially when compared to their average counterparts.
Each standard-quality Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill fetched a market price of around thirty inferior Spirit Stones, which is six times more than an average quality Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill.
At the same time.
Aside from the original four pills that he could refine, he had gotten his hands on two more Pill Formulas. One was for the Spirit-Sensing Pill and the other for the Melting Qi Pill.
These two pills were common staple pills for the Late Stage of Qi Cultivation.
Han Yi had spent a lot of money on two Pill Formulas to expand his presence in the Late Stage Qi Cultivation market.
With his current Alchemy Skill, refining ordinary pills was effortless, but their profits were too small.
Hence, he sought to refine higher-priced pills.
Spirit-Sensing Pills and Melting Qi Pills were the pills he selected for making money.
The Spirit-Sensing Pill was a pill used at the seventh layer of Qi Cultivation for expanding ones sensing range of Spirit Energy, creating a base of sensing for the expanded mana pool within ones body.
Upon stepping into the Late Stage of Qi Cultivation, one needs to make preparations for the Immortal Path Foundation Building. This bridging stage is the core reserve force of a sect.
The Melting Qi Pill, on the other hand, was used in conjunction with the Spirit-Sensing Pill to convert the absorbed Spirit Energy into ones own mana at a faster rate.
These two pills complemented each other and were often sold as sets at high prices.
Dedicating three years to pill refining and selling had allowed him to amass even greater wealth, making him several times richer than before.
Following the breakthrough in Alchemy Skill, he then made a breakthrough in Sword Control Skill and later, Light Body Technique.
Over the past three years, he not only frequented the markets in the various outer peaks but also ventured into the Inner Peak markets to sell pills.
In fact.
Originally in Xuandan Sect, there was no such thing as markets, whether it was Inner Peaks or Outer Peaks. All inner and outer disciples conducted exchanges and transactions through the sects platform.
Later on, the sect found that many disciples were not conducting transactions through the official channels within the sect, but rather secretly organized trading associations for private transactions.
Which cultivator doesnt have secrets? Some might have acquired precious artifacts from battles that couldnt be publicly disclosed and needed to be dealt with secretly.
Similarly, some might have suddenly acquired a mysterious Pill Formula, or high-quality pills through a mysterious Immortal Path inheritance.
Such items did not fare well on the sects platform as they attracted unwanted attention and scrutiny. Thus, private trading associations were gradually established.
These associations attracted more and more participants of higher and higher levels, with many Foundation Establishment disciples and even elder stewards taking part.
It was only after a Golden Core stage cultivator suggested doing so that markets independent of the sects platform began to appear.
These markets served as semi-official channels that allowed for relatively confidential trading and ensured the safety of sect disciples, while also benefiting the sect. Why wouldnt anyone approve?
Thats how these Inner and Outer Peaks markets came to be.
The eighteen markets of the Outer Peaks, and the three markets of the Inner Peaks, have been running smoothly for all these years.
For the past three years, Han Yi spent most of his time in the Outer Peak market, only entering the Inner Peak market three times.
Each time, he prepared thoroughly and was extremely cautious.
He knew taking such risks was dangerous, but on one hand, he had no choice but to do so since most disciples in the Outer Peak market were at the Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating, and few could afford the pills he was selling.
On the other hand, the breakthroughs in Spirit Void Finger, Sword Control Skill, and Light Body Technique significantly increased his overall combat power, giving Han Yi a certain level of confidence.
Inside a courtyard in Little Lingxu Peak.
Han Yi finished his practice and stood up. A translucent pale-red panel appeared before his eyes, showing his current status.
Life Span: 28/99
Realm: Qi Cultivation Stage Five (86/100)
Method: Fire Profound Skill (Expertise 89/100)
Skills:
Alchemy Skill (Fire is Purely Green 7/100)
Spirit Void Finger (Fire is Purely Green 4/100)
Sword Control Skill (Fire is Purely Green 2/100)
Light Body Technique (Fire is Purely Green 2/100)
In the blink of an eye, its been seven years since I was transported here.
The breakthrough to Qi Cultivation Stage Six is not far away. I believe I will be able to break through in another year.
Han Yi took a deep breath, and his inner heart held its arrangement and confidence in the following cultivation practices.
Also, the Battle of the Demon Cave has ended not long ago.
Fortunately, I spent all my fortune exempting myself from participating.
Thinking back to the results of the Demon Cave battle Han Yi had heard, he still felt the lingering fear.
Not long ago.
The expedition forces returned.
Initially, more than half of them were killed or wounded.
Among the three Golden Core Supreme Elders, two had fallen. Out of twenty Foundation Establishment cultivators, only eight survived. As for those in the Qi Cultivation stage, it was even more tragic  out of 3,400 Qi Cultivators, only 800 survived.
This battle was like a debilitating injury to the Xuandan Sect.
In fact, not just for the Xuandan Sect.
The battle had dealt a crushing blow to the entire Daqian Immortal Cultivation World.
In that battle, even a powerful Spirit Transformation cultivator from Yujing Mountain sacrificed his life to destroy a Heavenly Demon God that was descending. In addition, many Nascent Soul stage cultivators had met their demise.
All of this information was gathered by Han Yi from the markets rumors.
From these stories, Han Yi could sense the fierceness of the Demon Cave battle.
It was out of his control whether he would live or die as a small Qi Cultivator at Stage Five.
Spending money to prevent disaster was well worth it.
Three years ago, Han Yi would feel that he had been scammed by Fan Mo, but now he was somewhat relieved.
In the face of life and death, being scammed for spirit stones was acceptable to him.
After a brief clean-up, Han Yi took his pills and headed straight for Small Guanhai Peak.
Over the past three years, he had maintained a relationship with Smail Guanhai Peak, considering it as one of his connections.
The incident three years ago made Han Yi realize that merely hiding away was not enough  it was necessary to always pay attention to the sects news.
One must be prepared even when trying to keep a low profile.
Personal connections, channels, and information were what Han Yi had been consciously expanding over the past three years.
Upon arriving at Small Guanhai Peak, Han Yi saw the person waiting for him and was slightly startled, finding it somewhat unexpected.
The person who came was the still voluptuous Yan Ru.
And this time of reunion, it had been three years since they last met.
Three years ago, Yan Ru was selected and joined the Demon Cave expeditionary army, and she was fortunate to survive the constant battles.
Han Junior Brother, long time no see. Yan Rus face was even colder than three years ago. Although she was greeting him, Han Yi felt an invisible murderous aura emanating from her.
This murderous aura was accumulated from continuous fighting for three years and was unconsciously emitted, not specifically targeting Han Yi.
Han Yis inner heart trembled.
Those who could survive three years of fighting in the Demon Cave were all ruthless characters..


CHAPTER-34
Chapter 34: Chapter 34: Battle of the Immortal and the Demon

War is a great grinding stone, eliminating the weak, while the strong undergo hardships and become stronger.
Clearly, Yan Ru was one of those who had been tempered.
Congratulations, Senior Sister Yan, for advancing to the sixth layer of Qi cultivation. Han Yi congratulated her with a smile.
Yan Rus realm had indeed advanced to the sixth layer of Qi cultivation, and she was already experienced in that layer. Han Yi was sincerely happy for her.
Yan Ru shook her head, not responding further, and led Han Yi into the trading room.
A moment later.
The two came out again, Han Yis pocket now containing fewer pills and more Spirit Stones.
By the way, Junior Brother Han, I have to thank you. Your Breaking Stage Pill helped me survive the battle in the Demon Cavern.
I owe you a favor.
Yan Ru seemed to think of something, her icy face softened a bit, and she even squeezed out a rare slight smile.
It was evident that Yan Ru hadnt been laughing much in the past three years, and this slight smile seemed forced.
Youre welcome. Its just business, theres no need to talk about favors.
Han Yi shook his head. He had sold the pills, and Yan Ru had paid for them.
Moreover, he wouldnt give free pills to Yan Ru or Chu Jinmo just because they were familiar women. At most, he would offer a discount, but he still wanted to make money.
The Breaking Stage Pill was one of the six types of pills that Han Yi had been refining frequently in recent years.
The Breaking Stage Pill was not meant to help people break through realms but contained explosive spiritual power, allowing one to temporarily break through their current realm and enhance it by a minor step.
This was a combat-type pill.
Of course, the side effects were also significant.
Three years ago, before Yan Ru left, she had come to Han Yi wanting to purchase some pills. Han Yi had sold her a batch of standard quality Breaking Stage Pills he had just successfully refined.
So, strictly speaking, it made sense for Yan Ru to say that she owed Han Yi a favor.
If it werent for that bottle of standard quality Breaking Stage Pills, Yan Ru would have died in the Demon Cavern.
However, Han Yi put it under the category of business to avoid involving too much emotional entanglement between men and women.
By the way, Senior Sister Yan, what exactly is the Demon Cavern like?
Before leaving, Han Yi couldnt help but stop and voice his doubt.
Yan Ru tilted her head up slightly as if recalling something, her face turning pale for an instant before returning to normal.
Terrifying. Extremely terrifying.
Heavenly Demons originally have no physical form, but in the Demon Cavern, all Heavenly Demons possess cultivators and gain physical forms. With physical forms, Heavenly Demons no longer only tempt but have real combat capabilities.
A sixth-layer Qi Cultivation Heavenly Demon requires three sixth-layer Qi Cultivators to fight against it.
Dead peoplethere are cultivators corpses everywhere.
At this point, Yan Ru obviously did not want to talk further and shook her head.
Junior Brother Han, you should be glad you werent selected.
After saying that, Yan Ru said no more and turned to climb the mountain.
Han Yi, who remained in place, squinted his eyes and had a deeper understanding of the words he had heard before.
The war between Immortals and Demons is truly horrifying. It is the most terrifying war in this world, far more horrifying than the conflicts between sects.
Because in the battle between Immortals and Demons, cultivators have no way out. If they cant wipe out the Heavenly Demons, the entire Cultivation World is in danger of being gradually infiltrated and turned into a breeding ground for Heavenly Demons.
Han Yi descended Small Guanhai Peak and went to Fuhai Peak.
Among those Han Yi knew, Ma Yu, whom he met three years ago at Vermilion Bird Peak, died in the Demon Cavern.
Chu Jinmo, who was originally at Small Guanhai Peak, had advanced to the Foundation Establishment Stage three years ago and moved to White Tiger Peak, one of the Inner Peaks. She remained at the sect and did not join the expedition.
Guan Di, who had a good relationship and was considered half a friend, had also been selected for the expedition, returned alive half a month ago, and succeeded in breaking through to the seventh layer of Qi cultivation as he wished.
After returning to the sect, Guan Di moved from Little Dragon Whisker Peak to Fuhai Peak, one of the Inner Peaks.
There were nine Inner Peaks in the Xuandan Sect, with Azure Dragon being the leader, followed by Vermilion Bird, then White Tiger, Black Tortoise, Zhu Rong, Golden Court, Red Sun, Fuhai, and Sword Core.
As for the Outer Peaks, there were more than a hundred, and Han Yi had only visited about twenty, such as Little Lingxu Peak, Small Guanhai Peak, Little Pan Stone Peak, Little Dragon Whisker Peak, and other peaks with marketplaces.
At the foot of Fuhai Peak, Han Yi met with Zheng Hai, who had been waiting there, and they went up the mountain together.
Upon seeing Guan Di, his body emanated a fearsome aura that unconsciously radiated out, mixed with sharp sword intention and killing intent. It pricked at Han Yis entire body and caused his hair to stand on end in response.
Zheng Hai felt even worse, as he was still at the fourth stage of Qi Cultivation. Facing the unintentionally emitted aura of someone at the seventh stage, his face turned pale immediately.
Brother Guan, please quickly withdraw your late stage Qi aura. I feel terrified, he said.
Guan Di was taken aback and quickly withdrew his aura, apologizing, Sorry, 1 didnt pay much attention just now.
Only then did Zheng Hai feel more at ease.
He smiled and congratulated with a bow, Congratulations, Brother Guan. You finally achieved your wish and advanced to the seventh stage of Qi Cultivation, entering the Inner Peak.
From now on, youll soar to the heavens, reaching the eighth and ninth stages, and even the Immortal Path Foundation Building wont be a dream.
Han Yi also congratulated Guan Di in a timely manner.
Guan Di nodded, sincerely happy that Zheng Hai and Han Yi had come to congratulate him.
How have you been in the past three years?
Yi, Junior Brother Han, your progress is really fast, almost reaching the peak of the fifth stage, and not far from the sixth stage. Dont recklessly consume medicine and damage your foundation. Its not worth it, Guan Di observed Han Yis current realm and advised.
Junior Brother Zheng, your realm is quite solid though, Guan Di added.
Zheng Hai gave a bitter smile, knowing that Guan Dis comment on his solid realm meant that he hadnt made much progress.
Actually.
Thats the normal rate of progress for a middle stage Qi Cultivator. Only a minority, like Han Yi, recklessly use Spirit Stones and cultivate crazily.
Those who do are usually the wealthy Immortal Second or Third Generations.
By the way, Brother Guan, did you advance to the seventh stage of Qi Cultivation during the battle?
What is the Demon Cave like?
Han Yi asked Guan Di the same questions he had asked Yan Ru earlier.
Zheng Hai was obviously very interested, eagerly staring at Guan Di with wide eyes.
For disciples who have never been to the Demon Cave, its like the scariest battleground, where they can only create a mental picture of this horrifying fight-
Finally, they can hear the viewpoint of someone who had actually participated in the battle.
The Demon Cave
Guan Dis tone paused and a trace of fear appeared in his eyes.
He then remained silent only to speak after a long time, Heavenly Demons appear, and cultivators die.
Even Foundation Establishment Stage cultivators are like ants in the Demon Cave battle. Only Golden Core stage cultivators can have a bit of an impact.
You all, no, we are still far from it. Just focus on cultivating well.
Guan Di shook his head and then changed his tone.
By the way, this time the sect suffered a huge loss. Even the Late Stage of Qi Cultivators lost more than 200 people, and many spots will be vacant in the Inner Peak.
I guess its not impossible for sixth-stage Outer Sect disciples to be promoted to the Inner Peak in advance, using the third and fourth-stage Spirit Veins to speed up their cultivation.
Junior Brother Han, this opportunity is extremely rare, you must seize it!
With Guan Dis words, Han Yi felt a shock going through his whole body.
Thats right, advancing to the Late Stage of Qi Cultivation to reside in the Inner Peak used to be the rule of Xuandan Sect.
However, now its different.
After the battle in the Demon Cave, which was definitely a disastrous event for the Xuandan Sect, more than a hundred late-stage Qi Cultivators died, leaving more than a hundred courtyards vacant.
Underneath those courtyards were not first or second-stage Spirit Veins but third and fourth-stage ones.
Even Foundation Establishment Stage cultivators could use third-stage Spirit Veins for cultivation, let alone Late Stage of Qi Cultivation.
It was indeed an extremely rare opportunity.
Visiting Fuhai Peak today turned out to be the right choice.
Han Yi felt excited in his heart.
Zheng Hai, who was standing beside him, felt envious. He was currently at the fourth stage of Qi Cultivation and still a long way from the fifth stage, let alone the sixth stage. This time, it was impossible for him to take advantage of the opportunity.
Of course, Junior Brother Han, dont get too excited just yet. Although this opportunity is extremely rare, the competition is equally fierce.
There are more than 1,600 Outer Sect disciples at the sixth stage of Qi Cultivation. Thats more than 1,600 people competing for over a hundred spots, with a ratio of about 10 to 1.
What you need to do now is to break through to the sixth stage of Qi Cultivation as soon as possible..


CHAPTER-35
Chapter 35: Chapter 35: Sixth Level of Qi Training

After chatting for a while, Han Yi and Zheng Hai left Fuhai Peak.
Among the nine Inner Peaks, each was dozens of times larger than the Outer Peaks. Although Fuhai Peak ranked lower among the nine Inner Peaks, its area on the peak was so large that it was difficult for any Outer Peak to compare to.
At the foot of the mountain, Zheng Hai turned his head and looked at the Fuhai Peaks shining peak, showing a look of longing in his eyes.
All, the Inner Peak.
I wonder when I can join the Inner Peak and have my own courtyard there.
Han Yis eyes also showed longing, but his desire was even more genuine than Zheng Hais.
Soon, very soon, Han Yi nodded firmly.
It may be fast for you, but Im still far behind, Zheng Hai sighed unwillingly.
By the way, how do you cultivate so fast? Is it true that you sold your body to please the female cultivators of Small Guanhai Peak, as rumored?
Upon hearing this, the corner of Han Yis mouth twitched.
Han Yi and the female cultivators of Small Guanhai Peak always kept their pill trading a secret, not even mentioning it to his close friend Zheng Hai.
After all, sometimes friendships could break if too many interests were involved.
Han Yi didnt respond to Zheng Hai, who didnt question further. What he said earlier was just a joke. Zheng Hai knew that Han Yi had a secret. Since three years ago, his friend seemed to be completely changed, one could even say reborn.
That was probably what he meant when he said that an external assignment had brought him many insights.
Should 1 also actively apply for an external assignment?
This idea suddenly crossed Zheng Hais mind. Once it was born, it spread uncontrollably, occupying all of his thoughts.
Unbeknownst to Han Yi, his friend seriously considered applying for an external assignment. Han Yis claim of gaining insights after an external assignment was just a cover for his Proficiency Panel.
For ninety-nine percent of those who undertake an external assignment, it is a complete waste of valuable time.
After leaving Fuhai Peak, they both returned to their respective homes.
As soon as Han Yi returned to the courtyard, he activated the array and entered seclusion.
Originally, he didnt intend to enter seclusion. He just wanted to follow the natural course of cultivation. According to his plan, he would break through to the sixth level of Qi Cultivation within three months.
However, after visiting Fuhai Peak and hearing the information revealed by Guan Di, Han Yi was greatly tempted.
If he could enter the Inner Peak and occupy a courtyard at the sixth level of Qi Cultivation ahead of others, it would be a huge temptation for him.
Thats why he changed his strategy, entering seclusion solely to break through to the sixth level.
What Han Yi didnt know was
After his seclusion
After much deliberation, Zheng Hai actually decided to apply for an external assignment.
Although outer disciples were allowed to apply for external assignments, in reality, few actively applied for them, unless they failed to complete their point tasks and were sent on an assignment.
Joking aside, even the worst Outer Peak had first or second tier Spirit Veins. Once you left the mountain and arrived in the cities outside, where would you find free Spirit Veins?
This time, Zheng Hai applied for an external assignment without informing Guan Di or Han Yi, and went to the sects Administration Great Hall on his own.
After confirming with the attendant senior brother several times and getting Zheng Hais affirmation, the senior brother looked at him with a strange gaze.
One year. Once you go down the mountain, it will be a whole year. Although the courtyard will not be taken back, you will be strictly forbidden to stay there at will. Have you thought it through?
Senior brother, Ive thought it through. Ill go for an external assignment for one year, Zheng Hai nodded firmly.
He didnt believe that if Han Yi could undergo such a transformation, he couldnt make some changes himself.
A month later
In Han Yis courtyard, a young man pushed open the door of the quiet room and walked out.
He looked up at the central area of Little Lingxu Peak, where strands of spirit light came from the earths Spirit Vein. It was then transferred to the central area through the array and spread throughout the entire peak.
This was the array of Little Lingxu Peak.
Time flies.
The young man who walked out was none other than Han Yi.
He held out his hand, gently waved forward, and the three daggers at his waist lightly leaped up and hovered in the air.
With a slight thought in his mind, the three daggers transformed into three streaks of light, intertwining within a ten-meter-radius circle.
A moment later
The daggers returned to his waist, and Han Yi showed a satisfied smile on his face.
Not bad, at the sixth level of Qi Cultivation, my mana has skyrocketed more than twice, enough to support the long-term use of Sword Control Skill. However, this cultivation base of mine can only be achieved through the use of Spirit Stones.
This damn aptitude.
Sigh.
Behind Han Yi, inside the quiet room, dust was piled up thick and full.
If others didnt know, they would really think it was dust, but only Han Yi knew that all of it was the debris of spirit stones he had consumed.
Three thousand spirit stones.
A full three thousand low-grade spirit stones.
Seventy percent of his entire fortune.
This time, in order to make a quick breakthrough, he directly piled up the sealed quiet room with crazy amounts of spirit stones, achieving an effect similar to a third-stage, or even a fourth-stage spirit vein.
The price was huge.
But the results were equally significant.
Within just a month, his cultivation base rose another step, advancing to the sixth level of Qi Cultivation, and was only one step away from the late stage of Qi Cultivation.
It was not easy.
But its all worth it if I can take this opportunity to join the Inner Peaks; its all about making a big fortune.
Han Yi knew that between the sixth level of Qi Cultivation and the seventh level, theres a huge hurdle.
It may have only taken him six or seven years to break through from the third level of Qi Cultivation to the sixth level, but with his current cultivation speed, he estimated that it would take at least another eight years to advance to the seventh level of Qi Cultivation.
If he could join the Inner Peaks, it would definitely shorten the time needed to advance.
Besides the spirit veins, theres also access to privileges, choice of cultivation methods, and the clear class difference in resources between disciples of the Inner and Outer Peaks.
Han Yi looked at the changed Proficiency Panel.
Lifespan: 28/118
Realm: Sixth Level of Qi Cultivation (l/ioo)
Cultivation Method: Fire Profound Skill (Mastery 93/100)
Skills:
Alchemy Skill (Fire is Purely Green 8/100)
Spirit Void Finger (Fire is Purely Green 4/100)
Sword Control Skill (Fire is Purely Green 2/100)
Light Body Technique (Fire is Purely Green 2/100)
There wasnt much change in skills. Once a skill reached the Fire is Purely Green level, its progress became surprisingly slow. Even with a full month of cultivation, the progress bar didnt advance much.
For the time being, Fire is Purely Green was his limit.
Next, he would need to spend a long time to advance to the next level.
The so-called long time was a comparison to the previous stages. It might take even longer to progress from Fire is Purely Green to the next level than the total time it took to go from Beginner to Fire is Purely Green.
Next.
Han Yi planned to expand his skillset. Since he couldnt dig deeper, he would expand his width  this was his strategy moving forward.
When the quality had reached a bottleneck, it was time to supplement with quantity.
And the biggest change after advancing to the sixth level should be his lifespan.
His lifespan had changed from 99 to 118.
This also meant that, without illnesses or disasters, Han Yi could live to be a hundred and eighteen years old. In his previous life, this could be considered a long life, but in this life, Han Yi thought this was just the starting stage of cultivation.
No matter how you looked at it, being able to live longer meant having more possibilities.
Han Yi was delighted in his heart and ended this month-long closed-door cultivation session.
When he walked out of the courtyard, he saw that people were coming and going on Little Lingxu Peak, flocking to the main building where the peak master was located.
Stopping a familiar junior brother, Han Yi asked what had happened.
Brother Han, you must have been in seclusion for a long time.
Today is the last day to sign up for the Inner Peaks.
Right, you havent signed up yet, have you? Hurry up and sign up.
This time, as long as you are at the fifth level of Qi Cultivation or above, you can sign up, and there are quite a few spots available. Many senior brothers have already signed up..


CHAPTER-36
Chapter 36: Chapter 36: The cause of the past leads to the consequences of today

Cultivation at the fifth level of Qi, thats enough to sign up?
Han Yi was slightly startled; this was somewhat beyond his expectations.
Yes, it is said that the Sect Master himself made the decision to select outer disciples to supplement the Inner Peak.
Of course, once in the Inner Peak, you need to reach the Late Stage of Qi Cultivation to become an inner disciple.
1 wont talk much now; I just broke through to the fifth level of Qi Cultivation not long ago, and 1 need to hurry to sign up.
The familiar junior disciple hurried toward the main building of Little Lingxu Peak.
Han Yi hastily followed, for it was better to ask someone who knew the details directly than to find out slowly by himself.
Junior brother, how long has this Inner Peak quota been open?
About half a month, today is the last day for registration.
What are the requirements? What are the selection criteria?
There must be some requirements, but I dont know the specific criteria. However, 1 guess that since our Xuandan Sect focuses on Alchemy, at least one of the selection criteria would be Alchemy Skill. Those with strong Alchemy Skills will definitely have a greater chance.
Han Yi was delighted upon hearing this.
He was good at Alchemy Skill.
After breaking through to the Fire is Purely Green realm, he believed that his Alchemy Skill was not inferior to most Late Stage Qi Cultivation inner disciples. Perhaps there were only a few exceptional Alchemists at the pinnacle of the ninth level of Qi Cultivation who could surpass him.
However, when his Alchemy Skill was compared to outer disciples, he would simply crush them.
He didnt need to compete with inner disciples  all he needed to do was outperform outer disciples.
Han, with your strong Alchemy Skill, this time youll definitely catch them all.
It is said that a total of 200 places have been released this time, more than 100 for each outer peak. They are not evenly distributed  the strong rise, and the weak fall. These are the Sect Masters words.
Everyone has a chance.
On the way, Han Yi asked a few more questions about what he was concerned about before finally arriving at the main building of Little Lingxu Peak.
In the main building, the person in charge of the enrollment was the newly-appointed Lord of Little Lingxu Peak, Li Heng, who was at the pinnacle of the 9th level of Qi Cultivation.
This was not Han Yis first time meeting Li Heng. He had met him several times after Li Heng had taken over Fan Mos position when Fan Mo was sent to the Demon Cave three years ago.
After the familiar junior brother signed up, it was Han Yis turn. Han Yi stepped forward, took out his sect identity token, and registered his relevant information.
May 1 ask my senior, when is this selection for the sects internal examination, and are there any fixed criteria?
After registering, Han Yi carefully asked his question.
With such a rare opportunity, he wanted to make his best effort to grasp it. First, he needed to know what the examination would be so that he could prepare accordingly.
Li Hengs face remained expressionless, and he glanced at Han Yi.
The examination criteria consist of four steps.
The first step is the qualification review, the second step is the Alchemy Skill examination, the third step is the combat competence assessment, and the fourth step is the comprehensive selection.
The specific details are posted over there; you can go and have a look.
Li Heng pointed to a place ten meters away, where Han Yi also noticed that more than a dozen disciples were gathered, discussing fervently.
After thanking Li Heng, Han Yi went over to have a look. Reading the requirements and listening to the discussions among the other disciples, he finally understood the content of the examination.
The first step was the qualification review, which determined whether the individual met the eligibility requirements for this quota selection.
The second step, as the name implies, was the examination of Alchemy Skill.
At first, Han Yi didnt quite understand the third step, but as he listened to other peoples discussions, he gradually got the idea.
The Xuandan Sect suffered heavy losses in the Demon Cave battle because their people were not good at fighting. This weakness was evident when compared to other sects in Daqian. Therefore, the higher-ups in the sect set up the third examination step to encourage their disciples to put more effort into combat and not focus solely on refining various Cultivation arts at the expense of battle readiness. An oversight in this area would lead to downfall when faced with confrontation.
As for the fourth step  the comprehensive selection  neither Han Yi nor the other people could quite make out what it was exactly. For the time being, it was considered a strategy of selecting the best from the best by the sects higher-ups.
Having ascertained the four steps of selection, Han Yis heart settled.
He easily met the qualification requirements with his sixth level of Qi Cultivation.
His Alchemy Skill was unparalleled among the outer peak disciples.
When it came to combat, with the combination of Spirit Void Finger, Sword Control Skill, and Light Body Technique, even cultivators at the seventh level of Qi Cultivation would not intimidate him. Han Yi wondered which outer disciple would dare to compete against him.
He had the advantage in the first three steps. As for the fourth step, the sects evaluation, he believed he would have no problem with that. Even if there were some underhanded tactics involved, as long as he ranked high enough, he wouldnt be afraid of being sacrificed.
Having figured out these points, Han Yi returned to his courtyard and continued to consolidate his cultivation base.
Three days later.
The list of people who passed the qualification review came out.
Han Yi rushed to the main building of Little Lingxu Peak only to be told that he had not made the list.
Han Yi was bewildered.
No matter how he calculated, he couldnt believe that even the first step of the qualification review had failed him.
This was completely unexpected.
Senior Li, may I ask why I couldnt even pass the qualification review?
Han Yi really couldnt figure it out, so he went directly to Li Heng to inquire about the matter.
Li Heng looked at Han Yi, and Han Yi could feel a sense of contempt inadvertently revealed in Li Hengs eyes.
During this qualification review, there were more than ten people on Little Lingxu Peak whose realms were sufficient but were still screened out.
The reasons for this were the same.
Three years ago, the True Body of Heavenly Demon appeared at Little Lingxu Peak, Sect Master Fan Mo abandoned the peak and fled. Subsequently, the sect demanded that he atone for his sins by going to the Demon Cave.
When he selected disciples for the expedition, there were more than ten people who were eliminated by him first.
As for the rest, theres no need for me to say more.
One of the sects Elders in Golden Core Stage personally wrote on the sects ceremonial Great Hall that those who shrink like turtles do not deserve to enter the Inner Peak ahead of time.
Li Heng stopped talking, but his gaze on Han Yi made him extremely uncomfortable.
Without asking any further questions, Han Yi bowed his hands, turned around, and left.
After leaving the main building and returning to his courtyard, Han Yi sighed, with a complex expression on his face.
He reaped the fruit today because of what he had sown in the past.
He never expected that paying to avoid trouble more than three years ago would cause him to miss out on becoming an inner disciple today.
When weighing the gains and losses, Han Yi did not regret his past actions.
He just felt a sense of regret.
Forget it  since I cant enter the Inner Peak in advance, I might as well focus on my cultivation.
Theres no way I can let myself be stifled.
With the Proficiency Panel, 1 will eventually enter the Inner Peak, and no one can stop me.
Next, Ill continue working on my proficiency points, starting with Alchemy Skill.
With Pills come Spirit Stones; with Spirit Stones comes the foundation to practice.
Dont hurry  take it one step at a time.
Over the next few days, Han Yi refocused himself, occasionally going out to sell pills at markets. Hearing about someone achieving the fifth level of Qi Cultivation and being exceptionally admitted to the Inner Peak, he looked calm on the outside, but he couldnt help but feel a little regretful inside.
However, this emotion was soon cleared away by him.
Time quietly slipped away, and the selection for the Inner Peak quota had long since come to an end.
There were winners and losers.
Spring passed and autumn came, another year had gone by..


CHAPTER-37
Chapter 37: Chapter 37: Nine Dragons Store

Little Lingxu Peak.
In the courtyard, inside the quiet room.
A young man in his thirties was sitting cross-legged on a cushion. Ln front of him was an octagonal golden pill furnace.
The pill furnace was large, taking up an area of about two meters and standing taller than a person.
From the eight corners of the furnace, each corner was inlaid with two Spirit Stones.
The young mans hands were pressed on the mana input port of the pill furnace, his eyes closed, sensing the state of the pill within the furnace.
Fine beads of sweat oozed from his face. Apparently, this batch of pills wasnt easy for him to create.
At some moment.
The young man, with his eyes closed, suddenly opened them, a glimpse of joy flashing through his pupils.
Success.
The crucial moment of pill fusion had passed, but it still required careful work to fully form the pill.
The young man didnt take it lightly; instead, he continued to keep it steady. This was a detailed approach formed through his years of rich alchemy experience.
One incense stickworth time passed.
The young man retracted his hands from the pili furnace and let out a slow breath.
Then,
He opened the lid of the pill furnace. Inside, there was a single pill quietly placed.
The pill was half gold and half silver, about the thickness of a finger. It was naturally round and contained a sense of perfection.1
The young man squinted at the perfect pill in the furnace, slightly infatuated.
Finally, Ive successfully refined the Gold and Silver Pill.
It wasnt easy.
Just the spiritual medicines and grasses used for making this pill cost about ten Spirit Stones. The refining process required at least five pounds of Spirit Sand and eight Spirit Stones. So, just the material cost was twenty-three Spirit Stones, which is incredibly expensive.
But, once refined successfully, the profits are also huge?
This pill is highly esteemed even by those at the ninth level of Qi Refining. It has miraculous effects in tempering mana.
The market price is two medium-grade Spirit Stones, equivalent to around 200 low-grade Spirit Stones.
The young man was, of course, Han Yi.
This time, he spent a thousand low-grade Spirit Stones to obtain a special Pill Formula, the Gold and Silver Pill Formula.
Before this successful refinement, he had already spoiled three furnaces of Gold and Silver Pill.
Even with his current Fire is Purely Green Alchemy Skill, to waste three furnace attempts demonstrated the difficulty in refining such a pill. Furthermore, each furnace only produced one pill, indicating the pills low success rate.
Han Yi took out a jade bottle, carefully placed the half gold and half silver pill into it, and carefully stored it in the storage bag.
Then,
He put away the octagonal golden pill furnace as well.
He purchased this pill furnace with a significant amount of money, specifically to refine more valuable pills.
The Gold and Silver Pill was just his first step; his next plan was to try obtaining a Foundation Establishment Pill Formula and attempt to refine the Foundation Establishment Pill.
However, the price of the Foundation Establishment Pill Formula far exceeded that of the Gold and Silver Pill, and the raw materials were even more expensive. It wasnt something he could afford at the moment, so he put it aside for now.
So far, 1 can refine seven types of pills: Nurturing Qi Pill, Exorcise Evil Spirits Pill, Breaking Stage Pill, Focus Pill, Fusion Qi Pill, Spirit-sensing Pill, and Gold and Silver Pill.
The next step is to find the Foundation Establishment Pill Formula.
But over the years, no Foundation Establishment Pill Formula has ever appeared in the sects inner Peak market. It may be very difficult.
Forget it, things will work out naturally. Right now, even if I could refine a Foundation Establishment Pill, the success rate would be very low.
Moreover, even if I successfully refine the Foundation Establishment Pili, 1 wouldnt dare to sell it.
Theres no need to rush.
If the inner disciples were to hear Han Yis words, theyd probably vomit blood.
Its extremely difficult to refine a Foundation Establishment Pill, and only the true disciples, deacons, or elders who were at the Foundation Establishment Stage could do so even within the inner sect. Yet, a disciple at the sixth level of Qi Refining from the outer sect like him dared to mention a success rate.
After preparing the materials for refining pills in his quiet room, Han Yi left the courtyard and headed directly to the Inner Peak of Red Sun Peak.
His purpose for this trip was to visit one of the three markets located in the Inner Peak of Red Sun Peak, the Red Sun Fang Market.
In the northwest corner of Red Sun Peak, there was an isolated and enclosed group of buildings, which was the Red Sun Fang Market.
As Han Yi entered, he took a mask out of his storage bag and put it on his face.
This kind of mask could be used in the market to shield ones aura, making it difficult for others to discern ones cultivation level. It was available for sale in the market.
Of course.
You could also trade openly without wearing a mask. According to Han Yis observation, those sect Foundation Establishment stage powerhouses rarely wore masks; they were confident in their own strength.
Furthermore, there were only so many Foundation Establishment stage cultivators in the sect. Even with a mask, people could still recognize you by the details, so it was better not to wear it at all.
Han Yi had two purposes for this visit.
One was to sell the pills and the other was to purchase a magic treasure.
Moreover, the way he sold pills this time was different from before.
Nine Dragons Shop.
Han Yi took out the pills he had accumulated during this period of refining and placed them in front of the shopkeeper.
The shopkeeper was a stooped old man in his seventies, surnamed He.
However, Han Yi did not dare to underestimate this He-surnamed shopkeeper even though he was old; He was a cultivator at the ninth level of Qi Refining and appeared harmless on the surface, but Han Yi had witnessed his swift and decisive side.
Eh, Gold and Silver Pills?
The He-surnamed shopkeeper fixated on one of rhe jade bottles.
Han Yi only saw a blur, the jade bottle containing the Gold and Silver Pills had already reached the hands of the He-surnamed shopkeeper. His quick movement left Han Yi with no time to react, but Han Yi did not show any change in his demeanor.
After pouringout the pills and inspecting them, the He-surnamed shopkeeper looked satisfied.
Not bad, really not bad.
To be able to refine Gold and Silver Pills, Fellow Daoist is indeed remarkable.
The He-surnamed shopkeeper set aside the Gold and Silver Pills and went on to appraise the other types of pills.
A moment later.
The Gold and Silver Pills are worth two hundred spirit stones in the market. As you know, the discounted price here is 8o%, but considering the decent quality of the pill and the increasing demand recently, you may get a slightly better bargain at 175 spirit stones.
Spirit Merging Pills are worth eight spirit stones in the market, Spirit Sensing Pills are worth six spirit stones, Focus Pills1
The standard quality Exorcise Evil Spirits Pills have had their market price adjusted slightly higher, reaching 32 spirit stones
Calculations moved rapidly through the He-surnamed shopkeepers mind, and he quickly quoted the price for all the pills.
Han Yi listened quietly without any objections.
This shop, located in the Inner Peak Market, was named Nine Dragons and was rumored to be related to the Fu-surnamed Golden Core stage cultivator from the Inner Peak. Its reputation was quite good.
Han Yi thought back to the Golden Core stage cultivator he had encountered several years ago on Little Lingxu Peak, who had exterminated the True Body of the Heavenly Demon.
That cultivators surname was Fu, and he also used the Nine Dragons Divine Fire Cover as a magic treasure.
The information matched, and Han Yi guessed it was him.
It was only over four months ago that he had considered following this path.
That was because his channels for selling pills were becoming more and more limited.
As his alchemy skills grew stronger, the pills he produced increased in both quantity and quality.
Meanwhile, his own cultivation needs, such as spirit stones, were also in increasingly high demand.
Reliance on female cultivators from the Small Guanhai Peak for purchase and setting up stalls in the Inner Peak Market was time-consuming and labor-intensive, and the risk was spread thin.
In the end, after making various inquiries, Han Yi decided to sell most of his pills at a discounted price to the Nine Dragons Shop.
This was his third visit.
Although the Nine Dragons Shop significantly lowered the prices, they did not have any underhanded practices, which met Han Yis requirements..


CHAPTER-38
Chapter 38: Chapter 38: Purchasing Sword Tools

Actually.
In the markets within and outside the Inner Peak, there are indeed more official Pill Shops, such as the Profound Immortal Pill Shop for Foundation Establishment Stage Cultivators and the Profound Fire Pill Shop for Qi Cultivation Stage Cultivators.
However, these two types of pili shops, which have deeper connections with the sect, are naturally not within Han Yis consideration range.
As for the Nine Dragons Shop, not only do they deal in pills, but they are also involved in the business of magic tools, formations, and talismans. With a large backing, the small value of Han Yis goods would not be enough to attract the targeted attention of the Nine Dragons Shop.
Han Yi, whose thoughts were diverging, quickly focused his mind when he saw the shopkeeper He finish the calculations.
Since you are a regular customer, lets make it an even number. The total price is 1,900 spirit stones, how about that?
Han Yi nodded, No problem, 111 go with Shopkeeper He.
Upon hearing this, the smile on Shopkeeper Hes face became more relaxed.
However, instead of taking out the money and leaving, Han Yi stated the second purpose of his trip this time, Shopkeeper He, does your store have any sword tools?
Hes eyes lit up upon hearing this.
Of course, we have even magical treasures in our shop, it just depends on whether you can afford it or not.
What grade of sword tool would you like to buy?
Han Yi didnt hesitate and stated his previously determined needs, I need a medium-grade sword tool.
Upon hearing this, the smile in Shopkeeper Hes eyes grew even stronger.
This business was not small.
Generally speaking, low-grade magical tools are used during the early and mid-stage of the Qi Cultivation stage, medium-grade magical tools are used in the late stage of Qi Cultivation stage, high-grade magical tools are used at the Qi Cultivation stage level 9, and top-grade magical tools are commonly controlled by cultivators who have reached the Foundation Establishment stage.
Coincidentally, I have medium-grade magical tools at this level in my possession. If you want a high-grade magical tool, I might not have it in stock.
Fellow cultivator, please take a look.
With a gentle wave from Shopkeeper He, three long jade boxes appeared on the table between them.
Han Yi suddenly held his breath.
In front of him, the jade boxes were of different lengths; the longest was two meters long, and the shortest was about 1.2 meters long.
Fellow Daoist, there are three sword tools here, all medium-grade magical tools.
This longest one is called Long Miss. This one was originally a high-grade magical tool, but due to damage, it has been re-evaluated as a medium-grade magical tool. In terms of power, this magical tool has reached the pinnacle of medium-grade tools, and if an artifact refiner takes action to refine it, it is possible to restore it to a high-grade magical tool.
This one is 1.5 meters long, and has a moderate length among sword tools; its blade is wide and thick, making it a broadsword. It is called Thunder Sword and comes with a thunder attribute. If you have a thunder spiritual root, you will be able to control it more effectively. If you do not have a thunder spiritual root, it will be quite difficult.
The last one is the shortest, only 1.2 meters long, and its blade is thin and narrow. Among sword tools, it is considered short. Its name is Shadowless, and when controlled, it enhances speed.
After finishing, Shopkeeper He paused and looked at Han Yi.
At this moment, Han Yis eyes were filled with surprise and excitement, focused on the first sword.
A high-grade magical tool, that is something that only a few peak-level cultivators of the Qi Cultivation Level 9, or even those half-way to the Foundation Establishment Stage, possess.
Although its damaged, its power is still much stronger than that of ordinary medium-grade magical tools.
Han Yi coveted it.
Then he shook his head right after.
Helplessly.
He had previously inquired about the prices of medium-grade magical tools, and he knew that he wouldnt be able to afford this sword, which had originally been a high-grade magical tool but had fallen to medium grade due to the damage.
His gaze continued to linger on the second sword tool with regret.
Thunder spiritual roots are a rare type of spiritual roots, no worse than heavenly spiritual roots. With his mixed spiritual roots, it would be difficult for him to control it fully, and there would be the risk of demise once an error occurred.
Sword tools are killing magical tools.
Choosing them requires extra caution.
Han Yi wouldnt take risks with his own life.
Even though the Thunder Sword is powerful and has great potential, if its not suitable for him, he wouldnt force it, and had no choice but to give up on it.
Han Yi shifted his gaze and carefully examined the last sword tool once over.
Through the jade box, the one-point-two-meter sword lay quietly, with a slender and black body, deeply attracting Han Yis attention.
The shopkeeper with the surname He smiled faintly, already knowing what Han Yi would choose.
Next, it was about the price.
Half an hour later.
Han Yi left the Nine Dragons Shop, feeling a heartache in his inner heart.
The Shadowless Sword cost him a full 3,500 Spirit Stones.
In other words, this time he went out, and just by counting the Spirit Stones he carried, he ended up with a loss.
No wonder Inner Sect Disciples usually had tight budgets. A single medium-grade spiritual tool would consume eighty percent of their net worth, and it was really not easy to support their daily cultivation.
On the other side, inside the Nine Dragons Shop.
The shopkeeper with the surname He took out the Gold and Silver Pill again and carefully examined it.
The quality is pretty good.
This person actually purchased a medium-grade spiritual tool, and from his eyes, he doesnt seem to have a medium-grade spiritual tool himself. Its a bit strange, he doesnt seem to be an Inner Peak disciple.
But are the Alchemy Skills of Outer Peak Disciples so strong?
An interesting person.
The elderly man with the surname He showed a puzzled expression on his face but didnt make any extra moves.
To him, even if Han Yi had a secret, it was just a secret of the Qi Cultivation Stage, and it wasnt worth spending energy to find out.
Of course.
If Han Yi suddenly pulled out a Foundation Establishment Pill, that would be a different matter.
Each Foundation Establishment Pill is extremely important, its raw materials are expensive and scarce, and it is the sects strategic medicine.
Those who can refine Foundation Establishment Pilis are scarce even within the sect. Most are senior Alchemists at the Foundation Establishment Stage or even the Golden Core Stage.
After leaving Red Sun Fang City, Han Yi went to Small Guanhai Peak again.
He had always kept the contact at Small Guanhai Peak and never cut it off.
The person who met him was not the familiar Yan Ru.
Instead, it was a new female cultivator.
Over a year ago, Yan Ru had entered the Inner Peak in the opportune time and moved from Small Guanhai Peak to Azure Dragon Peak. She also apprenticed to a Foundation Establishment Elder. He had accidentally encountered her once in the market half a year ago. He saw her from a distance but did not deliberately approach to greet her.
The new female cultivator was called Chen Yujin, four years younger than Han Yi but with excellent talent in her spiritual roots. She had already reached the fifth stage of Qi Cultivation.
Brother Han, the junior sisters have been waiting for you for a long time.
Hurry up and come in.
Hearing the words, Han Yis mouth twitched.
Chen Yujins words felt like he was going to a brothel for entertainment.
And it was like a one-to-many kind of situation.
Han Yi shook his head, discarded the absurd thoughts in his mind, and followed the impatient Chen Yujin into the room.
Inside the room,
Many female cultivators were already waiting. There were about thirty people, all at the fourth or fifth stage of Qi Cultivation. There were no sixth stage female cultivators present.
By the way, Brother Han, you have to give out more pills this time, and give each junior sister a share.
Chen Yujins appearance was also excellent, and her voice soft and sweet, making people unconsciously immerse themselves in it.
In addition to her appearance, her figure was also stunning. Walking in front of Han Yi, her graceful waist swayed, giving off a strong temptation.
Han Yi was about to nod his head, but suddenly felt a chill..


CHAPTER-39
Chapter 39: Chapter 39: Price Fluctuations

Han Yi was about to nod, but suddenly felt a chill.
This female cultivator was not simple. Although they had only met twice, she seemed quite familiar with him, a different type from Chu Jinmo and Yan Ru he met before.
Chu Jinmo was gentle, Yan Ru was aloof, while Chen Yujin was a all-round type.
Comparatively, Han Yi preferred to deal with Chu Jinmo and Yan Ru.
Han Yi collected his thoughts and, as before, walked to a table inside the room and took out the prepared pills from his storage bag.
Most of the pills he now concocted were sold to Jiulong Trading, a small part was left for the female cultivators of Small Guanhai Peak, a smaller part was privately sold to familiar fellow disciples, and the last part was left for his own cultivation use.
Seeing Han Yi take out the pills, the crowd of female cultivators swarmed like sharks smelling blood, and in less than a minute, all the pills were divided.
Those who were slow to grab ended up with less, their faces full of regret, their eyes eagerly staring at Han Yi, hoping he would take out more.
Han Yi put the spirit stones into his storage bag, spread his hands to show that there were no more, and only then did the female cultivators disperse reluctantly.
As for Han Yis exchange of pills with the female cultivators of Small Guanhai Peak, it had been going on for more than a year or two. They were extremely fond of his pills and could even be described as satisfied.
After all, his pills were reasonably priced and of better quality than those at the same price in the sects great hall and market.
Cheap and good quality, naturally very popular.
As he was leaving, Han Yi suddenly had a doubt in his inner heart and stopped to ask Chen Yujin.
By the way, Junior Sister Chen, 1 feel that this exchange is different from before. It seems that you are in short supply of pills?
Chen Yujin sighed, her eyebrows drooping, looking pitiful, but Han Yi had no interest in her.
Senior Brother Han is not aware that.
Recently, the price of pills in the sect has gone up, both in the great hall and in the market.
The price here remains the same, which is simply a big advantage for many junior sisters.
Speaking of this, Senior Brother Han, youre not going to raise the price too, are you? Please dont. If you raise the price, there will be no way for your junior sisters to survive.
Chen Yujins tone hinted at something, and Han Yi knew she was just exaggerating, so as to keep his price constant.
And for this small profit, Han Yi was willing to sacrifice it as a means to maintain connections for the time being.
Junior Sister Chen, rest assured, no matter how the sect raises its prices, I will maintain the original price for the supply of my pills and will not change it.
Han Yi said resolutely.
Chen Yujins face lit up with joy, her charm like silk.
Han Yi ignored this hint of emotion in her eyes and continued to ask, Junior Sister Chen, do you know why the sects pill prices have risen recently?
Chen Yujin knew that the senior brother in front of her was not interested in romance, so she no longer tried to be flirtatious.
Senior Brother Han, it seems you really dont know anything. Well, let me tell you, not only have the pill prices risen, but everything in the sect has also risen.
Formations, talismans, magical tools, pills, alchemy materials, and so on have risen by more than ten percent in the past month.
I heard I heard
Chen Yujins tone hesitated, as if considering whether or not to speak.
What did you hear? Just say it. Han Yi thought she was stringing him along and said irritably.
I just heard, it might not be true. I heard from a senior uncle that this recent price increase has to do with another sect.
Another sect?
Han Yi hadnt quite absorbed the information.
Chen Yujin nodded her head, Thats right, according to rumors, there have been more and more frictions between the Blood God Sect and our Xuandan Sect in many places in Shu State, and the upper echelons of the sect are said to be quite tense.
Han Yi frowned, recalling information about the Blood God Sect in his mind, his inner doubts deepening.
The Blood God Sect is also a sect of Daqian, and it has always had a live and let live relationship with our Xuandan Sect. How could there be any friction?
Chen Yujin shook her head, I dont know about that, all I know is this.
Right now, theres a somewhat heavy atmosphere spreading in the sect. Senior Brother Han, you better be prepared.
Seeing that Chen Yujin didnt know more either, Han Yi repressed his doubts, thanked her with a bow, and then turned to leave the mountain.
On his way, he recalled information about the Blood God Sect in his inner heart.
The Blood God Sect, also a Golden Core sect of Daqian, was stronger than the Xuandan Sect, but only to a limited extent.
With the Xuandan Mountain Range as its base, the Xuandan Sects influence spanned Shu States Taibai, Nanyang, and Luofeng Counties, with its main focus in Nanyang and one of the major powers in Taibai and Luofeng Counties.
Meanwhile, the Blood God Sect was located to the west of the Xuandan Sect, bordering Taibai County and occupying three other counties in Shu State, plus a part of Taibai County.
In terms of their sphere of influence, the two were comparable.
And in terms of the combat power of high-level cultivators in each sect, the difference was minimal.
For many years, the two sects had coexisted peacefully, with a clear division between them, and, due to the attributes of the Xuandan Sect, their relationship could even be considered amicable.
As Han Yi descended the mountain, his footsteps faltered. He suddenly recalled that the price he got for selling his pills at the Jiulong store today was more favorable than before.
He had thought it was because his refined pills were of better quality or that there had been normal market fluctuations.
Little did he know, in light of what Chen Yujin had said, there was something fishy going on.
If there really was friction between Xuandan Sect and Blood God Sect, it would make sense for the prices of pills and magical instruments in the market to soar.
Han Yi, who had originally planned to return to Little Lingxu Peak, turned towards an external peak marketplace instead after descending the mountain.
An hour later, he came down from the marketplace and entered Red Sun Peak again. This was his second time entering the inner peak today.
Two hours later, as evening approached.
Han Yi returned to the courtyard of Little Lingxu Peak, and his expression became extremely serious.
Somethings wrong.
All cultivation resources are increasing in price across the board.
Moreover, 1 saw quite a few Foundation Establishment stage cultivators in the inner peak, which would be almost impossible to see under normal
circumstances.
This indicates that something must have happened.
Could it really be due to friction with the Blood God Sect?
After his day-long investigation, Han Yi had a strong feeling that something was amiss.
Ill ask Senior Brother Guandi in the inner peak tomorrow, or try to find Chu Jinmo and Yan Ru, to see if they have any internal news.
Han Yi decided to probe for more information the next day, and the information from the inner peak would definitely be more timely than that from the outer peak.
Afterward.
He entered the meditation room and took out the mid-grade sword tool he had bought today.
He began to refine the sword tool.
Regardless of the circumstances, no matter what happens.
Ones own strength always comes first.
Cultivation never stops.
One night passed uneventfully.
Early the next morning, Han Yi tied the Shadowless Sword to his waist. For a sword tool, wearing it at all times and frequently channeling ones spiritual power into it would help with refining it.
This was a daily routine for sword cultivators, and Han Yi was no exception.
After fastening the Shadowless Sword, he did not immediately leave. Instead, he sat in the meditation room and called up the semi-transparent, pale red panel.
The information displayed on it had changed significantly compared to over a year ago.
Lifespan: 29/118
Realm: Qi Cultivation 6th Layer (21/100) 
Skillset:Fire Profound Skill (Intermediate 19/100) 
Skills:
Alchemy Skill (Fire is Purely Green 31/100)
Spirit Void Finger (Fire is Purely Green 22/100)
Sword Control Skill (Fire is Purely Green 37/100)
Light Body Technique (Fire is Purely Green 19/100)
Fire Shield Skill (Mastering 8/100)
Turtle Breath Skill (Enter the Hall 29/100)
Talisman Making Skill (Beginner 19/100)


CHAPTER-40
Chapter 40: Chapter 40: Three New Techniques

Han Yi looked at all the information on the Proficiency Panel with satisfaction.
Since advancing to the sixth layer and failing to register for the Inner Peak quota, Han Yi had not been disheartened.
Instead, he worked hard on his cultivation and expanded his magic skill stack on the side.
Among the original four skills, he practiced the Sword Control Skill the most diligently. This skill was suitable for both long-range and close combat, and its power was immense, so he invested the most time in it.
Moreover.
The mid-grade sword tool, Shadowless Sword, that he bought was also based on the Sword Control Skill.
The three daggers he accidentally harvested in Mengshan City years ago were considered low-grade magical tools and were quite weak among them. They were barely enough when facing Middle Stage of Qi Cultivating, but if they were against a powerful cultivator above the seventh layer of Qi Cultivating, they would be inadequate.
Thats why Han Yi spent a lot of money to buy the Shadowless Sword, which could serve as a powerful supplement.
Without long-term concerns, there must be near worries. This cautious strategy of accumulating strength over the years was his multiple preparations to ensure success.
He understood that to forge iron, one must first be strong oneself.
Apart from the Sword Control Skill, the Spirit Void Finger served as a supplement. The Spirit Void Finger could be activated in a shorter time and even instinctively used before the Sword Control Skill, providing an additional layer of protection.
Furthermore.
As one of the main magic skills, Alchemy Skill was mainly used to make money and earn Spirit Stones to support cultivation.
The Light Body Technique, a body technique skill, could help him escape quickly in unfavorable situations, and dodge attacks during combat. It was an indispensable skill.
Alchemy Skill, Sword Control Skill, Spirit Void Finger, and Light Body Technique  these four had already advanced to the Fire is Purely Green level more than a year ago. Over the past year, their progress might have varied, but their importance in Han Yis heart was self-evident.
In addition to these four techniques, he also spent the past year expanding his skill set.
Fire Shield Skill, a fire-attribute defensive magic skill, was perfect for Han Yi, who had the Fire Spirit Root. He spent more than 200 spirit stones on this skill, which he could now afford without much burden.
When activated, this skill could form a shield of flames in front of him to block enemy attacks.
Turtle Breath Skill, like the Spirit Void Finger, belonged to entry-level magic skills. But when cultivated to the extreme, it was not to be underestimated, as it could conceal ones breath.
Han Yi still cultivated it, even though it wasnt needed in Xuandan Sect or in the market, where special masks could shield ones breath. Thats because he envisioned a scenario where he would need to use the Turtle Breath Skill.
Moreover, this skill was easy to learn and had good effects.
He had once tested it and found that his Turtle Breath Skill, which had entered the hall, could conceal his breath from a sixth layer Qi Cultivating practitioner standing nearby.
The third new skill he added was the Talisman Making Skill.
As one of the Hundred Arts of Cultivation, this skill was Han Yis new attempt after Alchemy Skill.
Talisman Making Skill, like Alchemy Skill, was vast and profound.
Moreover, to some extent, Talisman Making Skill provided more instant combat power enhancement than the effects of pills.
Among the pills Han Yi had come across, only the Breaking Stage Pill had the effect of temporarily enhancing combat power.
Unlike pills, the Talisman Making Skill allowed him to throw a pre-drawn talisman during combat, instantly increasing his combat power.
Strong Talismans, Golden Light Talisman, Thunder Talisman, Spirit Binding Talisman, Sword Killing Talisman
These talismans made Han Yis eyes turn red with desire.
Unfortunately,
the Talisman Making Skill was tougher to learn than the Alchemy Skill. Even with the systems help, his proficiency didnt increase quickly.
Most importantly, he needed to spend most of his time on cultivation and other magic skills, with only a little time left for practicing the Talisman Making Skill.
Thus, the results were meager, and after more than a year, he was still at the stage of beginning to grasp the basics 19/100.
At this level, he could competently make some cleaning talismans, Ming Guang Talismans, and explosion talismans, but he lacked the ability to make talismans with greater power.
For now, this would do.
Lastly, with his cultivation method, the Fire Profound Skill, he had advanced from the proficient stage to the subtle stage.
The improvement in his cultivation method allowed Han Yi to absorb Spirit Energy at a faster speed, which in turn accelerated his cultivation progress.
Originally, it would have taken him six to eight years to break through to the seventh level of Qi Cultivating, but now it is estimated that it would only take three or four years to advance.
This was one of the biggest gains he had made in the past year or so.
As Han Yis eyes flashed, a thought passed through his mind, and the semi-transparent panel in front of him disappeared instantly.
Then, with a sword strapped to his waist, he walked out of the courtyard.
Just as he walked out, he was confronted with a youth with a black face. After a moments hesitation, Han Yi couldnt help but laugh.
The youth with the black face was obviously Zheng Hai.
It had been more than a year since Han Yi had last seen Zheng Hai.
Over a year ago, before the Inner Peak seats were opened, Zheng Hai applied for an external assignment, a piece of information Han Yi had only found out later.
Han Yi couldnt understand why this guy had applied for the external mission; was he out of his mind?
But by the time he found out, Zheng Hai had already left the mountain and registered his information in the management hall. Regretting his decision, he had no choice but to give up.
Zheng Hai, you finally decided to come back. Han Yi spoke with a smile, his teasing expression not hidden.
Hearing this, Zheng Hals face immediately turned dark. He was already dark-complexioned, and now his face was even darker.
Dont mention it, its bad luck, really bad luck.
Damn, I didnt know the external mission would be like that, it almost killed me.
Its a waste of time, a waste of time.
Its all your fault, lets go, you have to treat me to a drink today.
Zheng Hais face was full of frustration, gritting his teeth.
Han Yi was somewhat baffled; how could this be blamed on him?
However, as he thought about Zheng Hais secret application for an external assignment, he couldnt help but feel both amused and dismayed.
Copying him?
Wasnt this asking for trouble?
Come on, today Ill treat you to a drink at Drunken Immortal Tower. Han Yi waved his hand grandly and boldly exclaimed.
Lets go, lets see if 1 can drink you under the table this time. Zheng Hai responded firmly.
A moment later.
At the Drunken Immortal Tower on Little Golden Crow Peak, the first outer peak.
Han Yi spent a generous 48 spirit stones, ordering a pile of spiritual food and spirit wine. Even by the standards of Inner Peak disciples, this was considered a lavish feast.
Now, Han Yi was confident enough to face cultivators below the seventh level of Qi Cultivating, and even against someone at the seventh level, he believed he could remain unbeaten. Naturally, he wasnt as worried as before.
Over seven years ago, when he returned to the sect from his external assignment, he was only at the third level of Qi Cultivating. He had considered inviting Zheng Hai to a feast at Drunken Immortal Tower but thought better of it and decided to stay low-key.
Back then, his strength was too weak, and he was afraid of being targeted by other disciples.
But now, among the outer peaks, he wasnt intimidated by anyone except the peak masters and those above the eighth level of Qi Cultivating who were in charge.
If after so many years of cultivation, reaching the sixth level of Qi Cultivating, and having actual combat ability far beyond that level, Han Yi was still afraid and reluctant to go to Drunken Immortal Tower, then his cultivation would have really gone to the dogs.
His desperate cultivation and striving to improve his proficiency was for what? It was to become stronger, feel safer, and be less afraid of being targeted by others.
Zheng Hais initially resentful eyes turned dumbfounded when he saw the extravagant array of spiritual food and spirit wine.
This was the first time Han Yi had shown off his wealth in front of Zheng Hai.
Han Yi, you really made it big.
After being dumbfounded, Zheng Hai sighed heavily.
Comparing oneself to others could be really frustrating..


CHAPTER-41
Chapter 41: Chapter 41: Blood God Sect

In reality,
Han Yi has always been low-key, especially when it comes to spending money, not letting anyone know how many spirit stones he has in his pocket.
Only a few people who often trade cultivation pills with him, like the female cultivator from Small Guanhai Peak, guess that he must be wealthy, after all, Han Yis Alchemy Skill is outstandingly powerful.
While the Xuandan Sect is primarily focused on alchemy, there are many individuals whose Alchemy Skills are indifferent.
If not, the entry criteria for the Inner Peak would not be established based on achieving the seventh tier of cultivation but would instead be based on the level of Alchemy Skills.
Whether its the Inner Peak or the Outer Peak, there are many disciples who have not achieved much in alchemy.
Moreover, aside from alchemy, there are others who forge their own path, excelling in talisman crafting, weapon refining, and formation building.
The Xuandan Sect, with over a hundred thousand disciples from inside and outside the sect, is like a mini Cultivation World.
In such a small Cultivation World, those with weaker strengths need to lie low, and if you become stronger, you also need to loosen your attitude a bit.
If you keep repressing yourself and playing it safe, your mental state will become timid sooner or later.
So why would you bother cultivating to become an immortal?
This issue involves finding a balance.
At this moment, Han Yi feels the need to loosen his attitude.
The Drunken Immortal Tower is just the place for this display.
Tenderly stir-fried flood dragon meat, tenderly steamed phoenix fish, nine-leaf immortal peach soup
Zheng Hai couldnt help but swallow when he saw the eyeful of spiritual food in front of him.
Each of these dishes in front of him is made from expensive spirit beasts and plants, a table full of six dishes, two jars of spirit wine cost a total of forty-eight spirit stones, which is considered luxurious.
Go ahead and eat, why are you dazing?
This was Han Yis first time being so extravagant as he picked up his chopsticks with his eyes flashing golden light and started gobbling down the food.
Only simple cooking was applied to the delicious ingredients, turning them into culinary delights of the Immortal Path.
The spiritual food melts in the mouth and instantly turns into a warm flow of spirit energy that enters the body. Han Yi couldnt help but let out a satisfied moan as his whole bodys mana trembles.
Not caring about Zheng Hai, Han Yi kept his chopsticks moving, transferring food to his mouth non-stop.
Damn, slow down, leave some for me, you asshole.
Zheng Hai, seeing this, gets anxious and quickly starts gobbling down his food too.
However, because he was sent down the mountain on a mission, he stayed at the first level of qi cultivation for more than a year, with hardly any progress.
His reaction speed and speed of using chopsticks were far inferior to Han Yis.
In just one minute,
The six dishes were almost empty, and half of the two jars of spirit wine were gone.
This is the result of the two of them slowing down their drinking, trying to savor the taste. Otherwise, it would have been empty long ago.
Burp, delicious, its so delicious, the boost from this meal is equivalent to more than a years worth of my mana increase.
Han Yi, how much did you say it cost just now?
What? Forty-eight?
Holy fuck!!
Upon hearing confirmation of the cost of the meal, Zheng Hai is both amazed and eager for more.
This is probably the most extravagant meal that 111 ever be able to afford in my lifetime, its too luxurious, too expensive.
But, 1 can freeload off your banquet in the future.
Han Yi downs the last of the spirit wine, the spirit energy bursts open in his body, flowing to his limbs, and he feels completely comfortable.
He also feels a sense of marvel.
The cost of this meal is equally high for him.
Its quite nice to indulge in extravagance occasionally.
After all, spiritual food cannot replace spirit stones and cannot maintain long-term cultivation. Furthermore, with the added high price, its cost-effectiveness is far less than that of spirit stones.
Oh, by the way, Zheng Hai, you just returned from the foot of the mountain, have you heard of any major events happening in our sect recently?
After several rounds of food and drinks, Han Yi suddenly remembered the news he was supposed to inquire about. Considering that Zheng Hai had just returned from an external assignment, he casually asked him about it.
He didnt really expect Zheng Hai to know anything.
Unexpectedly, Zheng Hai seemed to know something.
Zheng Hais expression became serious, he picked up his jar of wine and came closer, whispering, Well, indeed, there is one thing. I was planning to tell you about it anyway.
You know the Blood God Sect, dont you?
Upon hearing the words Blood God Sect, Han Yi instantly sat upright. His misty eyes that were once lost in the spirit wine became as wide as saucers, he couldnt be more alert.
I know, of course, 1 know.
Its a major sect, in terms of territory and strength, they are even stronger than our Xuandan Sect.
What happened to the Blood God Sect?
Han Yi didnt appear anxious, not that he wasnt worried deep down, but he knew Zheng Hai would tell him the news he needed in a moment.
Zheng Hais face turned serious.
As you know, over a year ago, I applied for an external assignment, and I was assigned to Gao Du City, which is the farthest to the west of Nanyang County.
When I talk about it, I get so angry.
I was delegated to the Xuanhuo Pill Shop, and the owner assigned me a multitude of tasks, treating me like free labor. Damn, when I grow in power, Ill certainly make him pay!
Zheng Hais tone suddenly changed, his eyes flashing dangerously.
Stop digressing, I am not interested in your external assignment. Tell me about the Blood God Sect. Han Yi interrupted.
Zheng Hai felt slightly aggrieved, his eyes lost their dangerous gleam, and he continued.
Not long ago, just as my external assignment was coming to an end, an incident happened.
Oh? Han Yi raised an eyebrow, knowing that Zheng Hai was coming to the point.
Zheng Hai looked around to see if anyone was paying attention to them, then he continued in a lowered voice.
You know about the Xiling vein, dont you?
Han Yi looked a little confused, he shook his head to indicate he didnt know.
Alright, let me explain, that vein is situated near Xiling City, hence the name Xiling vein, and Xiling City is a city in Taibai County.
The Xiling vein is a Spirit Stone mine, that houses our sects Foundation Establishment stage cultivators all year round, many Inner Peak disciples were stationed there too, and many loose cultivators from nearby areas were employed to mine the Spirit Stones.
Ever since the mine was discovered, the ownership always belonged to the Xuandan Sect.
However, for some unknown reason, the Blood God Sect recently claimed that the ownership of the mine was questionable and needed to be re-discussed. Of course, our sect members stationed there thought it was nonsense. They couldnt reach an agreement and ended up in a skirmish.
I heard it was a face-off between four cultivators at the Foundation Establishment stage from both sides. If you know about the Blood God Sect, youd know theyre very combative, much more so than our Xuandan Sect, which primarily focuses on Alchemy Skill.
Both sides had the same number of cultivators at the Foundation Establishment stage, but after the skirmish, ours retreated with severe injuries.
After this incident, the Xiling vein was occupied by the Blood God Sect, and the rest of our sect members who used to take care of the mine returned to Xiling City.
This incident caused quite an uproar at the time.
However, our sect suppressed the incident. It did not leak out, and I just thought our sect was being cowardly and didnt think much of it.
Upon saying the word cowardly, Zheng Hai discreetly glanced around again to make sure no one was paying attention before he continued to speak in a low voice.
But,
Zheng Hais eyes filled with resentment.
But the subsequent events surprised me again.
After the incident at the Xiling vein, in Taibai County, other mines belonging to our sect were usurped by the Blood God Sect in various pretexts within a month. These included Spirit Stone mines, mines for special spiritual metals used in crafting, and unique subterranean spiritual medicine fields.
Several confrontations and fights happened in between, and our sect reportedly lost three Foundation Establishment stage overseers, even a Golden Core Supreme Elder was slightly injured, and many disciples at the Alchemy Skill stage died.
With the escalation of these incidents, not only in Taibai County but even in the neighboring Gao Du City, rumors started to circulate.
Suspecting something unusual, I decided to return as soon as my external assignment ended..


CHAPTER-42
Chapter 42: Chapter 42: Forced Mission

After Zheng Hai finished speaking, his indignant expression turned into helplessness.
As a member of the Xuandan Sect, he did have a sense of honor for the sect. However, with his strength, he wouldnt even have the chance to join in, let alone interfere.
Meanwhile, Han Yi was deep in thought.
From what youre saying, its clear that the Blood God Sect is deliberately picking a fight.
But what I dont understand is, why?
Zheng Hai was puzzled, What do you mean, why?
Why did the Blood God Sect not intentionally pick fights before, but suddenly started causing trouble more than a month ago?
There must be a special reason.
Han Yis eyes moved continuously, thinking about the reason, but the information he has now is clearly not enough to figure out the truth.
He thought for a while, and gave up.
Such important matters should be considered by the sect itself.
Moreover, with his weak strength, what could he do even if he knew?
Why dont we ask Brother Guan? Zheng Hai suddenly suggested.
Han Yi shook his head, No need, going by your description, the friction between Xuandan Sect and Blood God Sect is indeed serious, and its already out in the open. I think the Inner Peak disciples, even if they know, may not know more than you, so theres no need to go there.
Alright, then lets forget it.
After that, the two were silent for a moment before they left the Drunken Immortal Tower together.
Before parting, Zheng Hai asked, Han Yi, do you think the friction between the Blood God Sect and the Xuandan Sect will escalate into a full-scale war? I mean a sect war.
When asking this question, a trace of panic flashed across Zheng Hals face.
Han Yis expression was also stern.
In the Cultivation World, there is a term specifically used, sect war. It refers to full-scale wars between sects, with both sides investing all their resources and fighting each other to the death. In the end, only one sect can survive, and the other will be annihilated.
This is a sect war.
Han Yi has read related information before. The sect war is the most fierce war in the Cultivation World, second only to the war between immortals and demons.
Hearing Zheng Hals question, Han Yi shook his head.
He didnt believe that after traveling to this world, he would encounter the two most fierce wars in the Cultivation World.
He could not be that unlucky.
Furthermore.
Most importantly, the battle between immortals and demons only ended a short time ago. The Daqian Immortal Country has not fully recovered yet and would not allow a sect war to occur within its territory.
Especially when both Xuandan Sect and Blood God Sect are Golden Core Level sects, their strength is second only to the top three sects in the Daqian Immortal Country.
In the Cultivation World, there are nine large states, and the Daqian Immortal Country only occupies two states, Qian Shu.
Apart from the Daqian, there is also a more powerful sect, Daqin Immortal Country, which occupies four states. Daqin has been eyeing Daqian with covetous desire. If signs of internal strife arise in Daqian, Daqin will definitely push them further down.
Based on this, Han Yi believed that even if the two sects fight again, it wouldnt evolve into a sect war.
But he was also worried.
According to Zheng Hais description, although it is not a sect war, the Blood God Sect is coming aggressively this time, fully prepared to bite a piece of flesh from Xuandan Sect.
For Xuandan Sect, they either put up a desperate fight, landing one heavy punch to avoid a hundred small ones, even if they cant win in the end, at least show their ferocity. If they let the Blood God Sect leave, another sect, like the Blood Demon Sect, might come eventually.
On the way back to Little Lingxu Peak, Han Yi suddenly thought of the situation on Earth in his previous life and couldnt help but shake his head.
The current situation in the Cultivation World is strikingly similar to the confrontations between countries on Earth in his past life.
Of course, such worries were not his turn yet.
He shook his head and returned to his courtyard to continue his cultivation.
Now at least he understood what was going on, and although he had concerns, he wouldnt go down the mountain himself. Moreover, according to the overall situation analysis, the Blood God Sect wouldnt attack Xuandan Mountain Range.
For the time being, it was still considered safe.
So he continued his cultivation and kept working on his proficiency.
When the sky falls, there will always be someone taller to hold it up.
However.
Han Yis calculations ultimately failed.
Ten days later, the Peak Master Li Heng of the Little Lingxu Peak came to his door, bringing a compulsory mission for the sect.
Station in Tianqing City as a team?
Han Yi was stunned and immediately reacted, quickly asking, Why me?
There has to be a reason for everything.
Li Hengs expression was emotionless, The Inner Peak elder personally named you. There are more than a dozen people from Little Lingxu Peak, including you.
Do you remember the incident four years ago when the sect recruited disciples to go to the Demon Cave and you didnt make it in the end?
I guess it might be related to that.
Han Yi was dumbfounded.
He thought the matter was over, but he didnt expect it to be brought up again, which caught him off guard.
Brother Li, where is Tianqing City? he quickly asked.
Li Heng replied, Tianqing City is in Taibai County.
Taibai County? Could this task be related to the Blood God Sect? Han Yis face changed slightly.
Li Heng looked surprised.
Oh, since you know about it, theres no need for me to say more.
In three days, gather at Fuhai Peak, follow the team, and just obey the arrangements.
Although this trip is dangerous, the sect also offers rich rewards. Moreover, protecting the sect is our duty as cultivators, so theres no need for me to say more.
As Han Yis face changed, he asked one final question.
Elder Brother Li, its not a sect war this time, is it?
Han Yis face was gloomy. If it were a sect war, he would have to consider even more.
Upon hearing this, Li Heng shook his head: It hasnt reached that level yet, its just our sects normal counterattack.
Dont think too much about it. A full-scale sect war, I can assure you, is absolutely impossible.
After Li Heng finished speaking, he turned around and left, leaving Han Yi standing at the door with an uncertain expression on his face.
Finally, he let out a long sigh, and followed by blurting out a word.
Damn!!!
Closing the courtyard door, he returned to his meditation room. He suddenly felt a little dizzy and shook his head vigorously.
Then, he took a deep breath, and slowly exhaled, clearing his mind in the process.
After that, he showed a bitter smile.
Is it necessary? Its been four years, and theyre still not letting me off the hook.
After a bitter smile, he gritted his teeth: When I advance to the Golden Core stage in the future, Ill make sure the elder from Inner Peak who always targets me pays.
Anyway, theres no avoiding the sects compulsory task. Unless I become a fugitive and fall to the status of a loose cultivator, and also be hunted by the Xuandan Sect.
In the Xuandan Sect, there was the notion of compulsory tasks.
These compulsory tasks would usually be issued during emergencies, and everyone had to obey. If they disobeyed without a legitimate reason, they could face consequences ranging from the abolishment of their cultivation base and expulsion from the sect to being accused of treason and punished accordingly.
Han Yi never thought that one day he would receive such a task.
For now, the only option is to follow the team.
Three days, only three days. Fortunately, I bought the Shadowless Sword earlier, otherwise, three days might not be enough for me to prepare.
Next, I need to buy some battle-type talismans.
Besides that, see if I can get a defensive robe.
Han Yi planned his preparations for the upcoming task.
The night passed without incident.
On the second day, when he arrived at the Red Sun Fang, he was startled by the crowded marketplace.
He even doubted whether all the disciples from Inner Peak had gathered here.
Finally squeezing into the Nine Dragon Shop, he found the shopkeeper named He whom he had traded with three times before and raised his request, but the shopkeeper He looked helpless.
Its sold out, youre too late.
Even the lowest grade robes in the sect have been bought up at a premium.
Currently, the Xuandan Sect is about to wage an all-out war with the Blood God Sect, and this news has spread. Numerous Inner Peak disciples are rushing to buy magical tools, talismans, pills, and so on.
 
Oh right, fellow daoist, if you have pills you want to sell, 1 can buy them immediately. Moreover, I can pay a 20% premium above the market price. What do you think?
The elder named He looked at Han Yi eagerly, hoping to get some pills from him and make a profit.
Han Yi shook his head.
He didnt have any surplus pills on him right now, having left only enough for his own use.
A moment later.
He left Red Sun Fang and went to Little Pan Stone Peak to find Zheng Hai, informing him that he would be leaving with the team.
Never expecting Han Yi to be forcibly conscripted by the sect, Zheng Hai also had no choice but to send his blessings to his friend.
Dont worry, your luck has always been good; theres no way anything will happen.
Years ago when you were sent down the mountain, you were able to evolve and soar. This time when you go down the mountain, you are bound to fly even higher. When you return to the sect, you will definitely be at the Qi Cultivation Stage 7 and enter the Inner Peak.
Han Yi knew Zheng Hais intentions: I accept your well-wishes.
After bidding farewell to Zheng Hai, Han Yi returned to Little Lingxu Peak.
Two days later.
Fuhai Peak.
Han Yi arrived at the peak on time.
This time, the team was led by three Golden Core-stage cultivators, followed by twenty-six Foundation Establishment-stage cultivators and mid-to-late-stage Qi Cultivation disciples, mainly those who reached the fifth level or above of Outer and Inner Peak. There were as many as a thousand people, densely packed.
The scale was enormous and not weaker than the forces that went to the
Demon Cave.
A Golden Core stage cultivator waved his hand, and a giant ship appeared in the sky above Fuhai Peak. This was the sects large transport magical tool, the Flying Heaven Divine Ship.
Then, the three Golden Core cultivators flew onto the ship first, followed by the ships guidance to pick up the many Qi Cultivation disciples on the peak.
Han Yi only felt his body become lighter, and an invisible suction force acted on him. With a change in space, in the blink of an eye, he was on the Divine Ship.
The Divine Ship ascended into the sky, turning into a streak of light and disappearing in an instant..


CHAPTER-43
Chapter 43: Chapter 43: Tianqing City

Daqian Immortal Country occupies two of the Nine States in the world, Qianzhou and Shu State, making it one of the strongest Immortal Path forces in the world.
In Shu State, there are thirteen counties in total.
Gushu, Gaoyuan, Taihe, Xinghai, Guxi, Sanyuan, Nanyang, Luofeng, Taibai, Jiangzhou, Huaibei, Andu, and Lingfu.
Gushu is the center of Shu State.
South of Gushu, the Xuandan Sect occupies the Xuandan Mountain Range, which spans across Nanyang, Luofeng, and Taibai counties. The core power of the Xuandan Sect relies on the Xuandan Mountain Range, with its main forces in Nanyang and some scattered in Luofeng and Taibai.
In the east, Luofeng County has the Golden Core Sect, Yuan Beast Sect.
In the west, Taibai County has the Golden Core Sect, Blood God Sect.
Taibai County has vast territory and numerous cities.
Tianqing City is one of them.
It is located at the border between the influences of the Blood God Sect and the Xuandan Sect. While it may not be large, it holds a significant importance due to the existence of a mineral vein outside the city that produces a mineral called Blood Flame Crystal.
This mineral is primarily used for refining tools, particularly high-quality pill furnaces, which require the addition of Blood Flame Crystals.
In short, it is an expensive and strategically important resource.
The Xuandan Sect competes fiercely for this land.
Outside Tianqing City-
A huge flying divine warship suddenly appeared, quickly coming to a stop from its extreme speed, in just a short moment.
Then*
Over a hundred people were released from the divine warship and landed safely on the ground.
The divine warship shook slightly and started again, silently turning into a stream of light and vanishing in an instant.
Among the hundred people released from the divine warship was Han Yi.
Alright, today well be stationed in Tianqing City. Everyone is divided into ten teams according to the previous arrangements, and youll follow the orders. Lets go!!
Of the over one hundred people stationed in Tianqing City, the leader was an early-stage Foundation Establishment elder from the inner gate surnamed Gu, called Gu Yu.
Among the ten teams he divided, the captains of the first three teams were all at the ninth level of Qi Cultivation, while the captains of the other teams had the strength of the eighth level of Qi Cultivation.
They seemed to have mediocre strength, especially when facing off against rhe Blood God Sect.
However, it should be noted that these one hundred people were sent as supplementary forces, stationed in Tianqing City.
There are stronger forces stationed at the Blood Flame vein outside Tianqing City, which is the main force.
Moreover, this time the Xuandan Sects battle line is stretched long, preparing to resist the invasion of the Blood God Sect comprehensively.
In Taibai County, more than a dozen mineral veins and mines belonging to the Xuandan Sect have been occupied by teams of cultivators.
In addition, backup forces have been sent to the cities closest to the mines to supplement combat power and to prevent the Blood God Sect from cutting off the Xuandan Sects supply lines and escape routes.
Filled with worry as he followed the team into Tianqing City, Han Yi could sense the prelude to an all-out war.
But he was also grateful that he had not been assigned to the mines, where conflicts and battles were more likely to break our.
Strictly speaking, Tianqing City should be considered a second-line, not a front-line battlefield this was a fortunate escape amid misfortune.
What Han Yi found strange was-
The process of entering Tianqing City went unexpectedly smoothly, with no interference from Daqian officials or any other accidents, which eased Han Yis tense nerves.
However, there was a suffocating and turbulent atmosphere in Tianqing City. Cultivators occasionally showed up on both sides of the streets and the shops, revealing serious expressions. As for ordinary people, they had already gone into hiding.
According to Daqian Law, it was a capital crime for cultivators to slaughter ordinary people, but if ordinary people offended and were lulled by cultivators, it was considered their own fault.
As the impending battle between the Blood God Sect and the Xuandan Sect approached and the attitude of the Daqian officials remained unclear, ordinary people naturally chose to stay as far away as possible from the conflict.
During this time, many mortals have already moved away from the cities on the battlefront in Taibai County to other places to avoid the war between cultivators.
Tianqing City, Xuandan Sects temporary base.
Before Han Yi could settle down, he was called into a room to discuss matters. The one who called for the meeting was the leader of his team.
The leader was named Lu Su, an inner peak disciple in his thirties with a cultivation base at the eighth level of Qi Refining.
Apart from Lu Su, rhe team also included four cultivators at the seventh level of Qi Refining and five cultivators at the sixth level.
As a cultivator at the sixth level of Qi Refining, Han Yi didnt stand our among the group.
Brother Lu, can you be more specific about our mission?1 asked a fellow cultivator at the seventh level of Qi Refining.
Lu Su shook his head: No, Elder Gu said we just need to stand by and follow orders.
But isnt this too torturous? Why arent we taking the initiative to attack instead of passively defending?
Another cultivator at the seventh level of Qi Refining with a seemingly hot-tempered demeanor spoke in a deep voice, discontent in his tone.
I dont know either, rhe sect has its considerations. All we need to do is follow orders, and we must never act on our own, risking interfering with the sect s plans.
The tone of Lu Su became slightly more serious.
He reached out his hand and pressed it forward, signaling everyone to calm down.
At this point, everyone must be fully alert, do not go out, do not engage in deep cultivation, always be aware of the situation outside and be vigilant against enemies.
If you have any questions, feel free to bring them up.
Let me remind you, if you violate the rules, you will be dealt with according to sect laws without leniency. Remember that.
Alright, now lets get to know each other. There are seven inner peak disciples and three outer peak disciples here. As fellow disciples and teammates in this critical period, it is important to understand each other so we can work together when facing enemies.
Although there were five cultivators at the sixth level of Qi Refining in this team of ten, two of them were granted inner peak quotas and stayed in the inner peak. They were considered inner peak disciples rather than inner door disciples.
In the Xuandan Sect, one could only be considered an inner door disciple upon reaching the seventh level of Qi Refining.
Inner door disciples and inner peak disciples are different even though the difference is only one word.
Ill go first. Im Lu Su, an inner door disciple of White Tiger Peak, at the eighth level of Qi Refining. Im good at earth attribute defensive magic skills and not good at offensive magic skills. I only have one Earth Dragon Skill, which is barely an offensive skill.
As Lu Su finished speaking, he felt that his words were nor appropriate, as if they were demoralizing. He changed his tone and continued.
However, 1 participated in the Demon Cave battle four years ago and have gained quite some experience. I also cultivated an Earth Shield Skill, which can defend against the attacks of ordinary cultivators at the eighth level of Qi Refining. Im considered strong in defense.
After Lu Su finished speaking, he looked at a fellow disciple at the seventh level of Qi Refining next to him.
My name is Cui Xingchen, inner peak disciple of Dan Sword Peak, at rhe seventh level of Qi Refining. Im good at Alchemy Skill and, besides that, I have also cultivated the Dan Sword Skill, a unique sword control skill of Dan Sword Peak.
As soon as Cui Xingchen finished speaking, a smile appeared on Lu Sus face.
Brother Cuis Dan Sword Skill has reached a level of minor mastery. Even if 1 were to face him, 1 wouldnt fare well. His battle strength should be the highest among our team.
If we face an enemy, I suggest we take Brother Cui as the core and form a battle formation. It will be more effective.
Upon hearing this, a hint of pride flashed in Cui Xingchens eyes.
As one of rhe nine inner peaks, the Dan Sword Peaks inheritance was ranked among the top three in terms of combat power within the inner peaks.
However, the Dan Sword Skill, a unique sword control skill, was too difficult to practice, so there were not many inner door disciples who could master it, leading to a lower overall ranking of Dan Sword Peak.
Han Yi, who didnt stand out among the crowd, glanced at Cui Xingchen with a hint of envy.
Dan Sword Skill, one of the inner sect inheritance skills, could only be practiced after reaching the seventh level of Qi Refining.
Dan Sword Skill was a type of sword control skill that aligned well with alchemists cultivation.
Han Yi originally planned to apply for this inheritance skill after entering the inner peak and advancing to the seventh level of Qi Refining, and then switch his Fire Profound Skill to Dan Sword Skill.
I wonder how my Sword Control skill, which has reached a level of minor mastery, compares to the Dan Sword Skill in terms of strength and weakness, thought Han Yi suddenly..


CHAPTER-44
Chapter 44: Chapter 44: Rely on Yourself

This thought of who is stronger and who is weaker flashed through Han Yis mind and was put aside.
After all, Han Yi didnt have much combat experience, and he had never seen the Dan Sword Skill in action, so it was naturally difficult for him to make a subjective judgment.
Next.
The other three at the seventh level of Qi cultivation and the four at the sixth level also introduced themselves. Of course, such introductions would definitely have some reservations, as no one would casually reveal their own secrets.
As Han Yi listened, he finally understood why it was rumored that the Xuandan Sects disciples were not good at fighting.
In fact, it was indeed true.
Take Lu Su, for example. He was at the eighth level of Qi cultivation, and he had only one offensive magic skill, which sounded like it had limited power.
Han Yi couldnt help but shake his head inwardly.
From this, it didnt seem very reliable. If they encountered an enemy, they couldnt fully rely on their teammates, and they would have to rely on themselves.
Finally, it was Han Yis turn.
My name is Han Yi, an outer disciple from Little Lingxu Peak. Im at the sixth level of Qi cultivation, and 1 have practiced one Sword Control Skill and one defensive Fire Shield Skill.
Han Yi shared the information matter-of-factly, mentioning the Fire Shield Skill and his Sword Control Skill.
After all, he had a sword tool at his waist, and instead of being secretive, it was better to be open about it.
Oh, Sword Control Skill? Lu Su looked at Han Yi differently, and his face showed a hint of surprise.
Sword Control Skill was not simple. It usually required one to reach the seventh level of Qi cultivation before they could truly practice Sword Control Skills, and it was extremely difficult to get started.
It seemed that this outer Sect junior brother of his had decent talent and that his combat prowess might even surprise him.
Its just an incomplete version of the Sword Control Skill that I obtained by chance in a market when I was sent down the mountain, Han Yi said truthfully.
Oh.
Lu Sus eyes, which had brightened up, returned to their normal state.
An incomplete version of the Sword Control Skill would definitely be much weaker than the complete version.
Moreover, this junior brother of his had been sent out before and was lucky enough to return to the sect. His talent must be limited.
Oh well, he must have thought too much.
The others who had been looking at Han Yi also withdrew their gazes in an instant.
Han Yi said no more and silently closed his mouth.
Although he was forced to join the task due to the sect, he chose to remain low-key.
He was past the age of being competitive.
Alright, now that everyone is familiar with each other, lets choose a room in this temporary residence to settle down.
Keep a close watch on any unusual movements outside, and report to me immediately if anything happens.
You may all leave now.
After everyone had introduced themselves, Lu Su had a general understanding of his team and, with a clear idea in mind, gently waved his hand to dismiss everyone.
Han Yi followed the group out of the room, found an empty room in the temporary residence, sat down cross-legged, placed the Shadowless Sword on his lap, and slowly transferred his mana to it, gradually refining it.
This medium-grade sword tool was still in the initial stages of refinement and was far from being ready for Sword Control.
But Han Yi had his own plans.
He had three daggers hidden at his waist, ankles, and back. These three daggers had been refined for seven or eight years and could be used with ease and proficiency.
That was his greatest reliance on long-range attacks at present.
The Shadowless Sword could only serve as a cover for now.
Besides, if they got close, he had the Spirit Void Finger for offense, the Fire Shield Skill for defense, and the Turtle Breath Skill for hiding his tracks.
Unfortunately, the Turtle Breath Skill had limited practice time and had only reached the Enter the Hall level.
Time was still too short.
Han Yi sighed.
Being on the frontlines at this time, there was no room for haste.
Moreover, practicing the Turtle Breath Skill required deep meditation, which was not suitable for the current environment.
As for the Fire Shield Skill, it was even more of a disturbance.
That meant he could take advantage of this time to nourish the sword tool a little, and this kind of nourishment had to be at the minimal level. In this way, he could keep his body and magic power close to a perfect state so that he could deal with any emergencies at any time.
Han Yi thought there would be a short period of peaceful and stable time coming up, after all, even if the war started on all fronts, it could not happen instantly.
However, in fact, he was proven wrong.
The fighting began on the very night they stationed in Tianqing City.
Late at night.
A sharp scream suddenly rang out, followed by a violent explosion sound.
Han Yis eyes shot open as he jumped out of his light meditation, his heart pounding and muscles tensing throughout his whole body.
It was impossible not to be nervous.
In this grand battle, he was just a small cultivator at the sixth level of Qi cultivation, which was the lowest level. One careless move, and he could easily be pinched to death by a Foundation Establishment stage cultivator, requiring no more effort than crushing an ant.
If he could pay money to avoid disaster, Han Yi would be willing to give most of his family fortune to the sect and hide on Little Lingxu Peak to cultivate on his own.
Unfortunately, there was no room for maneuver once the sect issued a compulsory mission.
Hearing the sound of explosion and fighting, Han Yi knew that he couldnt keep his head down anymore. He picked up his sword, and cautiously and quickly pushed open the door.
Outside the door, Lu Su and several other senior brothers were standing in an open space, looking up.
Two Foundation Establishment Stage Cultivators were having a battle of magic skills in the air.
The explosion sound was coming from above.
Its Elder Gu.
Damn it, Blood God Sect is actually launching a night raid.
What do we do? Senior Brother Lu.
What do we need to do now?
Of this group of people, only Lu Su and a seventh-level senior brother named Luo Yunzhou had participated in the Devil Cave battle four years ago, and they had relatively rich combat experience. The others were taking part in such a fight for the first time, and they were suddenly at their wits end.
Before the solemn-faced Lu Su could speak, the situation in midair changed dramatically.
The two Foundation Establishment cultivators, one chasing the other, quickly disappeared into the distance.
Elder Gu is chasing after his opponent.
Great, Elder Gu has gained the upper hand.
We won.
Should we follow them?
Han Yi stood beside the crowd, not speaking, his gaze pulled back from the streaks of light that disappeared into the sky, his expression darkening even more.
He believed that the battle above was just the beginning, not the end.
Lu Su had the same intuition, with the most experience among everyone, having been through the Devil Cave battle.
Dont rush, lets wait.
His words had just fallen.
Suddenly.
Dozens of figures appeared around their station, and under the moonlight, the bloody robes on these figures fluttered in the wind.
With no attempt to hide, the murderous aura flooded in from all sides.
Xuandan Sects tender-eared rabbits, today, well send you on your way.
Kill!!
A Blood God Sect cultivator at the ninth level of Qi cultivation took a thunderous step forward, his body filled with a murderous aura so strong that even the night air had a more intense scent of blood.
Lu Su took a deep breath, his face solemn, and the murderous intent emerged.
My fellow junior brothers of the Xuandan Sect, lets join together to fight the enemy, and remember not to get separated.
Kill!!
Not only Lu Su, but the other nine teams stationed also quickly formed temporary teams, fighting as a group against the Blood God Sect cultivators who had crossed the walls and entered their area.
Boom!!
The fight, in the moment of collision, turned white-hot..


CHAPTER-45
Chapter 45: Chapter 45: Infamous 1

Han Yi followed behind the others, the three daggers on his body began to tremble lightly, ready to strike.
At such a critical moment,
Han Yi did not dare to be the slightest bit careless.
If they encountered an enemy, he would certainly go all-out, striking first and asking questions later.
Next to him was a cultivator who, just like Han Yi, was at the Sixth Layer of Qi Cultivation Stage and was accepted into Inner Peak four years ago.
Junior brother, dont be nervous, stay by my side later. Well follow Elder Brother Cui. With his Dan Sword Skill, killing the enemy is as easy as chopping vegetables and slicing fruits.
Be sure not to get nervous, especially not to attack your fellow disciples.
From the previous introductions, this mans name was Tao Shouhua, a few years older than Han Yi. Han Yi had memorized the names and the preferred magic skills of the entire squad, including Tao Shouhua.
At this moment,
Han Yi looked at Tao Shouhua with a speechless expression in his heart.
The other party was obviously extremely nervous and even started to use talking to distract himself from his own anxiousness.
Han Yi quickly interrupted him: Alright, Brother Tao, I understand; you be careful too.
Just as he finished speaking,
Whoosh!
A flame fell from the sky, aimed directly at the group.
Watch out!
With a low shout from Lu Su, both of his hands raised, a magic weapon swelled with the wind from his palm. With a touch of magic, the Earth Shield Skill activated by the weapon condensed out, blocking the flame.
Sizzling sound
The flames splattered, emitting a burning sound.
A cultivator from the Blood God Sect flashed and arrived almost instantly above Lu Sus head, then threw out a blood-colored magic weapon.
This magic weapon instantly enlarged, trying to trap Lu Su.
Just at this moment,
A swooshing sound rang out, a sword light streaked across, cutting a gap in the blood-colored magic weapon, and Lu Su narrowly escaped.
The one who made this move was Cui Xingchen, at the Seventh Layer of Qi Cultivation Stage.
The sword light circled around and returned to hang in front of him, hovering in mid-air, transforming into a round sword pellet.
At first glance, the sword pellet was only half the size of a fist, round and golden, like a huge golden pill.
The Dan Sword Skill.
Behind everyone, Han Yi saw the use of the Dan Sword Skill for the first time, his eyes lighted up involuntarily.
This kind of Dan Sword Skill uses pills as swords. Most importantly, it can store the sword pellet inside the body, nourish it in the Dantian, merge with ones own magic power without deliberate refinement, seamlessly.
Good, Elder Brother Cui is too strong. Tao Shouhua cheered softly, his face filled with excitement.
Others also showed excited expressions.
At this very moment, Lu Su, who had just escaped, changed his face drastically.
Watch out!
Boom!!!
A golden light suddenly lit up, breaking through the darkness like a sharp arrow, shooting directly at Cui Xingchen.
Cui Xingchens face changed drastically. Instinctively, the spherical sword hovering next to him transformed into a Dan sword and blocked the golden light.
However,
The power contained in the golden light was just too strong.
In an instant,
Crack!!!
A crack appeared on the Dan sword, and the clear sound made Cui Xingchens pupils dilate.
Before he had time to react, the horrifying force had already pushed the Dan sword, driving his body in a straight line, smashing through more than a dozen houses, disappearing from everyones sight.
Within the blink of an eye, the combat-effective Cui Xingchen, who practiced the Dan Sword Skill and held a high rank in the squad, was defeated instantly, his life and death unknown.
The golden light leaped up from the ruins and returned to its owners hand.
A young man with a cold smile on his face held the golden light in his hand, transforming it into a seemingly ordinary golden shuttle.
A top-grade magic weapon, the Golden Light Shuttle.
Damn it!!!
Lu Sus face turned ashen. He roared, Run!!!
As soon as the words fell, he did not turn around and run himself, but rushed head-on instead, his whole bodys magic power surged, pouring into his mid-grade magic weapon, intending to fight to the death with the coldly smiling youth from the Blood God Sect.
Seeking death!
Ill grant your wish.
The cold-looking young man was actually also at the Eighth Layer of Qi Cultivation Stage. However, the magic weapon, the Golden Light Shuttle, in his hand was a top-grade magic weapon.
This was a top-grade magic weapon, after all. Most cultivators at the peak of Qi Cultivation only possessed high-grade magic weapons at most. Usually, top-grade magic weapons were in the hands of Foundation Establishment Stage Cultivators.
But now, a cultivator at the Eighth Layer of Qi Cultivation Stage possessed a top-grade magic weapon. His power when facing other cultivators at the Seventh or Eighth Layer of Qi Cultivation Stage was like a wolf among sheep; it was overwhelming.
Although every activation of a top-grade magic weapon required a massive amount of magic power and divine knowledge for Qi Cultivators, even if not fully activated, it could instantly wipe out the disciples at the Seventh Or Sixth Layer of Qi Cultivation Stage.
Only by standing in the way and desperately holding him back could he create a chance for the many junior brothers to escape.
Perhaps, he could even take advantage of the fact that the opponent could not yet control the Golden Light Shuttle to deal a counter strike.
He threw caution to the wind.
On the other side,
As early as a breath ago, when the golden light suddenly emerged and rapidly rushed over, Han Yis heart started pounding.
Danger.
Deadly danger.
When the golden light hit Cui Xingchen and sent him flying, Han Yi had already instinctively dodged, pulling Tao Shouhua, who was stunned in place, out of the way of Cui Xingchens flying trajectory to avoid being hit.
When Lu Su shouted Run he had already turned around and darted backward to escape. He also didnt forget to quickly pull the stupefied Tao Shouhua and dodge Cui Xingchens flying trajectory, and managed to avoid being hit.
Run.
Han Yi shouted in a heavy voice, no longer paying any attention to Tao Shouhua or the others. He pushed his Light Body Technique to the limit, blending into the night like a gust of wind, flickering and vanished.
But, but
Before Tao Shouhua could finish, the other cultivators at the Sixth And Seventh Layer all scattered in an instant, applying their own body skills and fleeing outside the encampment.
He gritted his teeth and followed the direction Han Yi had left.
Before leaving, he turned his head and looked back. His eyes, which had been dull and desperate, brightened slightly.
Behind him, Lu Su was already fighting with the young man holding the top-grade magic weapon, the Golden Light Shuttle.
Since the young mans top-grade magic weapon, the Golden Light Shuttle, could not be activated twice within a short period of time, Lu Su had managed to gain the upper hand in a short time.
But in the last second before he turned his head back, he suddenly saw a cultivator from the Blood God Sect, with his robe billowing, recklessly breaking into the battle. A silvery, fan-shaped light swept through.
Lu Su, who had been suppressing the cold young man, suddenly stiffened.
Tao Shouhua saw that the scene of the fight seemed to split and fracture like a mirror.
No, not the whole battle scene, but just Lu Sus position.
Clearly, this was Lu Su being cut in two. The fan-shaped silver light that had just passed by must have been some sharp magic weapon that had instantly cut Lu Su in half.
He was so shocked that his soul nearly left his body.
Is he dead, is Brother Lu dead??
Quick, run, run, run.
Run!!!


CHAPTER-46
Chapter 46: Chapter 46: Infamous 2

At this moment, if someone were to look down from the sky, they would find that within the Xuandan Sects temporary residence, not only did Lu Sus team suffer greatly, the other nine teams were also severely damaged.
Even the only three cultivators at the Qi Cultivation Peak were killed or severely injured in an instant.
The severely injured one tried to retreat in horror but was killed on the spot by a medium-grade magical weapon.
The third and strongest cultivator at the Qi Cultivation Peak fought against two Blood God Sect cultivators at the same level while carrying a high-grade magical weapon, and occasionally faced additional attackers at the ninth level of Qi Cultivation. As time passed, his fate grew increasingly dire.
This siege was initiated by the Blood God Sect, which had fewer than half the number of members as the Xuandan Sect.
However, the individual strength of the Blood God Sect members far surpassed that of the Xuandan Sect, leading to a one-sided slaughter that was carried out with ease.
In less than a quarter of an hour,
The third cultivator at the Qi Cultivation Peak, in a desperate and unwilling roar, blew up his magical weapon in an attempt to perish together with the two Blood God Sect cultivators at the ninth level.
Unfortunately,
The Blood God Sect cultivators were experienced in battle and managed to block the explosion using two medium-grade magical weapons. As a result, the attacking cultivators at the ninth level also suffered various injuries and coughed up blood continuously.
Damn it, he actually blew up his magical weapon. Luckily, I reacted quickly, otherwise, Id be in trouble. Damn it, Im losing in this deal, one of the ninth-level Blood God Sect cultivators cursed, wiping the blood from the corner of his mouth. His eyes were filled with a fierce light, and his murderous aura was palpable.
Isnt that the truth? 1 just got my hands on this medium-grade magical weapon, and its barely warm. Thankfully, I only refined it at its initial stage, so its destruction doesnt hurt too much. Still, considering its a medium-grade magical weapon, it took me quite some effort to snatch it. Elder Han, can the sect compensate us for this?
The other ninth-level cultivator said ruefully.
After these two ninth-level cultivators finished speaking, they looked back at a cultivator with a calm expression who was standing behind them.
This cultivator had the surname Han, and was at the ninth level of Qi Cultivation Peak. Throughout the battle, he hadnt taken action, merely observing from the sidelines.
He was the leader of this siege.
The reason he hadnt taken action was that there was nobody on the current battlefield worth his effort.
Han didnt respond to the two mens questions but coldly glanced at them. The sharp, indifferent look in his eyes was enough to silence them. Then, he scanned the already calmed down battlefield.
You two, follow me to the Blood Flame Crystal mine.
Dont worry, thats where the real feast is tonight. This was just an appetizer.
Luo Yunxiao, Yuan Bai, Shi Heng, the trio of you should stay behind with your respective teams and hunt down the fleeing Xuandan Sect members one by one, leaving no survivor.
Everyone else, follow me.
As soon as his words fell, he turned and left, heading straight to the city gate.
The two ninth-level cultivators, who were called upon, reluctantly started to follow, their greedy thoughts laid bare by the mention of the Blood Flame Crystal mine, which they intended to plunder.
Tonight,
Tianqing City was completely open to both sects. The Daqian officials who guarded the city had closed the gates and ignored anything happening outside, as if deaf to any sounds of battle.
This was the order given by the Foundation Establishment Stage Cultivator who was in charge of guarding Tianqing City.
Not only in Tianqing City but throughout Taibai County and along the entire battle line between the two sects, the attitude was the same.
After all, the Xuandan Sect and Blood God Sect had completely broken off any facade of friendship.
For some unknown reason, Daqian Immortal Country had not stepped in to stop the fighting, so cultivators below would not risk their lives meddling without understanding the full story.
The vast temporary residence of the Xuandan Sect quieted down in an instant.
Half of the people were taken away, leaving only three eighth-level Qi Cultivators who were called upon by Han, together with some seventh-level Qi Cultivators, totaling about twenty people. They stayed behind to hunt down the fleeing Xuandan Sect members.
Trash, these Xuandan Sect cultivators are barely any better than trash. So how could they have survived these years?
If they encountered the demonic beings in the Blood River, I estimate they would be killed in an instant.
The cold-looking youth holding the Golden Light Shuttle spoke in a seemingly amused tone, his eyes narrowed, and the corners of his mouth slightly raised in a faint smile.
Heh, with such strength, if you were in the Blood God Sect, the tomb grass would have grown three feet high already. No, thats not right. Where would there be tomb grass? Youd be plunged into the blood river and your ashes would be refined into dust.
Another eighth layer cultivator, a middle-aged scholar-like appearance, held a silver folding fan in his hand. This was his magical equipment, although it was only of medium grade, it had incredible power.
Just now, it was this middle-aged scholar-like cultivator who had intervened in the battle and killed Lu Su with a single fan strike.
Cut the nonsense. Elder Brother Han has ordered us to kill all disciples of the Xuandan Sect. If we let even one escape, Elder Brother Han will hold us responsible, and youll be in big trouble.
The third Qi Cultivation eighth layer cultivator was a woman, dressed in a long blood-red robe like the others. Her figure was graceful, and she exuded a captivating charm as she moved.
However, all the other eighth layer cultivators and disciples present dared not take an extra glance at her.
Because this woman cultivator was not only powerful but also cruel.
She enjoyed gouging out the eyes of those who stared at her too much, drying them and turning them into ornaments. It was rumored that her cave mansion was adorned with countless glowing beads, making the inner chamber bright and splendid.
Those beads were all made from the eyes of the cultivators she had killed.
The rumor may or may not be true, but her relationship with Elder Brother Han was indeed rather close, so people had to give her some face.
Elder Brother Han was one of the current Blood Gods in the Blood God Sect. Although his power was at the peak of the ninth layer of Qi Cultivation, his actual strength was comparable to a Foundation Establishment Stage Cultivator, with astonishing combat power.
The scholar-like middle-aged man with the fan thought of the consequences of offending Elder Brother Han and his expression slightly changed.
Even the young man with a deep background, possessing a top-grade Golden Light Shuttle, wouldnt openly defy the order of a Blood God Sects Blood Gods child.
The two of them didnt say a word, but they immediately led their own teams, heading in different directions to pursue the enemies.
The eighth layer woman cultivator also confirmed that no one was left alive in the area and chose a third direction to lead her team after the others.
On the other hand.
After turning around and fleeing, Han Yi never looked back.
As for the fight behind him, it was completely one-sided in his eyes.
The gap in individual strength was too great.
Defeat was inevitable.
He hadnt seen Lu Sus dismembered body or the three Qi Cultivation ninth-layer cultivators killed to near extinction.
But just after he had escaped for less than a minute, the cries of the battle below came to a sudden end with a terrifying explosion. He could guess that the fight was over.
Those Xuandan Sect members who didnt escape would face more bad luck than good.
Damn it, what kind of policy is this, sending us to die?
While fleeing, Han Yi recalled how not even a day had passed since their team left the temporary settlement before they were ambushed, causing his anger to surge.
Out of anger, he felt a little lost.
Now, where should 1 go?
Wait, calm down.
Han Yi forcibly suppressed his brief confusion and his mind raced rapidly.
There are two choices: stay in the city or leave the city.
Leaving the city is even more dangerous. If I encounter a Blood God Sects army, 111 be walking into a trap, and besides, where can I go once I leave the city?
So, I can only stay in the city.
But the temporary residence is destroyed, Elder Gu from the Foundation Establishment stage was lured away, and the whereabouts of the others are unknown. The other disciples are either dead or dispersed.
No, 1 can seek refuge with the Daqian officials.
At this point, just find a safe place to hide. Ill make my next move after the
dust settles..


CHAPTER-47
Chapter 47: Chapter 47: Infamous 3

Han Yis plan ultimately fell through. When he left his residence and struggled to identify the direction to the very center of Tianqing City, where the Daqian officials were stationed, he was soon intercepted.
The person who stopped him was not from the Blood God Sect but a cultivator wearing Daqian official clothing.
This cultivator had an overwhelming and surging aura. Han Yi had encountered such an aura on Elder Gu, who led the team this time, and this aura was even stronger than Elder Gus.
A Foundation Establishment Stage Cultivator in the middle stage from the Daqian officials.
Cultivator of the Xuandan Sect, this path is blocked, please go back.
Han Yis face changed dramatically, and he was about to open his mouth to question, but just before the words came out, he choked and his face was streaming with cold sweat.
The other party was a Foundation Establishment Stage Cultivator, and the fact that they could stand here and talk to him was already giving face to the Xuandan Sect.
If he were to defy them and be crushed to death, it would be an unjust death indeed.
In the Cultivation World, a huge fist is the ultimate truth. Where is there so much truth to be explained?
The attitude of this Foundation Establishment Stage cultivator represents the current attitude of the Daqian officials: not intervening, not caring, letting you fight your own battles, and not involving themselves for the time being.
Understanding this, Han Yi said nothing more and turned around to leave.
The Foundation Establishment Stage Cultivator blocking the road had an expressionless face, watching Han Yi leave, and shook his head.
Tonight, the cultivators of the Xuandan Sect are in a perilous situation.
In fact, he was also puzzled in his Inner Heart. Not only him but also the Daqian Immortal Countrys official cultivators in Taibai County had the same doubt: why did Daqian not interfere?
They have already reported detailed information, but the higher-level cultivators have not made a clear stance.
Would they allow the Blood God Sect and Xuandan Sect to wreak havoc?
If it were only these two sects, it would be no harm.
The key is that if the two sects fight each other and Daqian does not express a stance or restrain them, then it is unknown what changes would happen behind the scenes.
Keep in mind that the Immortal-Demonic War has just taken place, and Daqian has also suffered not a small loss. If the fire within the territory spreads and burns, the consequences would be unpredictable.
The third sect, the fourth sect, and even the three major sects with Nascent Soul Stage cultivators could get involved. This would evolve into a turmoil that could even affect the fortune of the Immortal Country.
There must be key points in this that ones current level is not qualified enough to know.
Forget it, lets just watch for now.
This Foundation Establishment Stage cultivator was originally sitting in his room, but when the cultivators of the Xuandan sect started fleeing towards him, he could no longer sit still.
Without orders from above, he didnt dare to rashly intervene in the fight between the two sects, so he had to come out in person to stop them.
On the other side.
After Han Yi turned around and retraced his steps, the anger and fear in his Inner Heart had reached its peak.
Damn it, damn it, damn it.
Although Han Yi had many trump cards, he didnt think he could face several Blood God Sect cultivators at the ninth level of Qi Refining at the same time, especially when they were besieged by cultivators at the eighth or ninth level wielding superior or even top-grade magical weapons.
Now that its come to this, 1 can only find a place to hide first.
Thankfully, 1 have cultivated the Turtle Breath Skill, and I can only hope that it will be useful.
Han Yi has no other choice; running outside would only increase the likelihood of encountering Blood God Sect cultivators.
In this situation, there is no long-term plan, just hiding for a while is enough.
Han Yis figure flashed and disappeared from the street, silently and without a trace, before slipping into the cellar of a mundane tavern.
At the same time.
The mana within his body circulated according to the Turtle Breath Skill, transforming him into an old turtle that was hibernating and dormant. As his mana circulated, his aura began to decrease, and then decrease even further, until it became almost undetectable.
However.
Just ten breaths later, he heard an explosion outside the tavern.
Boom!
Han Yi felt a slight tension in his Inner Heart, but his mana remained undisturbed, and the state of the Turtle Breath Skill was still maintained.
Kill!
Elder Brother Cui, hurry and go!
Quick, run this way!
Hey, there are a few fish here, theyre mine, dont compete with me!
Outside the tavern, angry roars, and disdainful and cold laughter followed one after another.
Han Yis Inner Heart stirred; the voice was familiar. Thinking about it, it was one of the ten people assigned to the same team as him, named Luo Yunzhou. Han Yi had a deeper impression of him because he and Lu Su were the two disciples among the team who had participated in the Immortal-Demonic War.
Elder Brother Cui? Could it be Cui Xingchen? Hes not dead?
The thoughts swirled in Han Yis inner heart, but he remained calm and still.
He was not a saint and would not risk his life to save others.
It was too dangerous.
However.
Fate was unpredictable.
The next moment.
Boom Boom Boom.
The battle outside grew more terrifying, and intense vibrations came from the ground. The ordinary tavern, without any formation to protect it, collapsed directly.
Damn it, such bad luck!
Han Yi cursed and could no longer sit still. He didnt want to be the first Xuandan Sect cultivator to die without a fight, killed by a falling stone.
With a gentle point of his fingers, his magical power compressed and condensed at the tip in a special way and then burst out, shattering the enormous rock that had fallen and blocked the exit. In the next moment, his body flashed, and he gracefully left the cellar.
Eh, theres another one, hiding so deep I almost missed him.
A Blood God Sect cultivator dressed in a blood-colored robe happened to leap over the wall and saw Han Yi emerge, his eyes brightening.
Although only at the sixth level of Qi cultivation, he doesnt have much to offer, but its better than nothing.
Besides, when refined into the Blood Soul Banner, it can add a bit of power.
Die!
The Blood God Sect cultivator leaped lightly, and while in mid-air, threw out a blood-colored banner.
The banner unfolded in the air, and as if sensing the blood, it trembled, then headed straight for Han Yi.
Han Yi looked up, a murderous flash in his eyes.
In times of survival, one should take every chance. When there was no chance to survive, one should fight with all of ones strength.
If one hesitates and leaves their back exposed to the enemy in times of danger, it would be a foolish move, and death would come even faster. Han Yi knew this well.
Its always the brave who win in dire straits.
Whoosh!
As the opponent leaped lightly and just as the bizarre banner emerged, Han Yi had already pinched his thumb and forefinger and flicked them gently.
A dagger at his waist leaped up, shot into the air, and in a flash, pierced the banner.
Rip!
The banner was torn open by the dagger, and a sharp, pained scream like that of an evil spirit emerged from within it.
My Blood Soul Banner, damn it!
Thud!
The Blood God Sect cultivator had just landed, only for the anger on his face to turn into shock as his magic weapon was destroyed. Then, he heard a muffled noise coming from his chest.
He looked down instinctively.
There was a gaping hole in his chest. And because the dagger that pierced his chest was so fast, he hadnt even felt the pain.
You
He looked up, his pupils contracting, and pointed his finger at Han Yi as he tried to say something.
Whoosh!
The dagger that tore through the Blood Soul Banner had already returned, and with a gentle swipe, his head shot into the sky.
Thump!
The headless corpse crashed to the ground, blood gushing like a fountain, and the stench of death filling the air.
Whew!
Han Yi sighed in relief.
The opponent was indeed careless, thinking 1 was only at the sixth level of Qi cultivation and could be easily crushed.
He moved his fingers slightly.
Two daggers returned and hovered in front of him.
Thats right.
What Han Yi used just now was not one dagger, but two..