Chapter 1241 Dark Island
Sunny glided through the dark sky above the luminous expanse of softly shining water. The wind was caressing his skin, and tranquil silence ruled the world. If not for the need to pierce himself with the sharp needle over and over again, he would have found the situation relaxing.
Of course, there was also the monstrous sea serpent that patiently pursued him, staring at the perfectly black canvas of the night sky with cloudy eyes.
He also had to constantly remain on high alert - there was no telling what else could attack him from above.
After a while, Sunny let out a sigh.
'How tiresome.'
He was starting to miss the days of plummeting into the Sky Below. At least he had the dead mimic to sit on back then. Now, there was nowhere for him to rest - Sunny continued to fly forward, surrounded by nothing except empty air.
He had the Sin of Solace with him instead of Mordret, too. It was really hard to tell which one of them was worse company.
"What? Have you lost... I strongly protest against this comparison!"
The apparition glanced at him with contempt, then looked away.
Sunny sighed again.
"Yeah, yeah... you are way more handsome than that guy. Sorry. I went too far."
The Sin of Solace scoffed, and they continued forward in silence.
After a long while, the faint radiance of the flowing water grew a little dimmer. The eastern horizon brightened, and then, the first of the suns appeared from below in a crown of lilac hues.
A new day was starting.
The soft light suffusing the Great River slowly dissipated, and the seven suns appeared from below the water one after another. Soon, the western horizon was once again wreathed in the crimson flames of dusk.
Everywhere else, it was bright day.
Sunny stared at the Great Beast below him with resentment. He was tempted to summon Morgan's Warbow and start turning the ancient serpent into a pincushion. Even if the might of his arrows was not enough to pierce the azure scales of the creature, he was sure that they would at least irritate it.
Why should Sunny be the only one feeling endless frustration?
However, doing so was only going to consume his essence. He wasn't willing to waste it needlessly in a situation where it was impossible to tell what would happen next.
Gritting his teeth, Sunny steeled his will and continued flying above the water.
An hour went by. Then, one more.
Actually, Sunny had no idea if those were really hours - the seven suns shining above the Great River were too bizarre and unreliable to use them for measuring the time. He just guessed how much of it had passed based on intuition, but he could have easily been wrong.
In any case... more time flowed past him. Or was it Sunny who was flowing through time? Questions like this were driving him mad.
'I am really starting to...'
Sunny suddenly froze and looked at a certain spot on the Great River.
There, a great distance away... a black dot had finally appeared atop the sparkling water. His heart skipped a beat.
'Land?'
He lingered for a moment, then glanced at the long shadow hiding beneath the surface of the water right below him. Then, he changed the direction of his flight slightly and sped up, hoping to reach the black dot as soon as possible.
There was no guarantee that finding a place to land would save him from the great abomination. But maybe he would be able to rest, at least.
The wind whistled in Sunny's ears as he glided along the current of the Great River, moving - perhaps - further into the past.
Slowly, the dot grew larger, and he was able to see a few details of what it was.
In front of him, still some distance away, was a dark island. The island was not very large - no more than a kilometer across - and consisted entirely of black, weathered rock. It had steep slopes, with deep grooves and twisting fissures running through them.
There were vast patches of green moss scattered across the surface of the island, as well as towering outcroppings of something that resembled tarnished silver. The glistening edges were sharp and jagged.
Sunny felt a bit of hope.
The island was not large, but it was large enough to pose an obstacle for the sea monster. If the abomination wanted to follow Sunny to the surface, it would have to leave the water entirely - and fighting on land would be very advantageous to Sunny.
 Maybe the ancient serpent would not climb out of the river at all.
But even if it did, it would be out of its element. With Sunny, Saint, Nightmare, Imp, and the five shadows... maybe they stood a chance of driving the creature away, or even killing it.
The Sin of Solace must have grown much stronger, as well. After all, the Hideous Truth enchantment of the jade blade promised immense power to those who succumbed to its madness... and, judging by how real the sword wraith seemed, Sunny had met quite a lot of the requirements.
Plus... Sunny could find clues about the nature of the Nightmare on the island. Right now, he was suffering the most from the lack of information. Knowledge was the origin of power, so he couldn't miss a chance to acquire some.
'Let's hope that the old snake is not going to follow me to land...'
Sunny removed the Heavenly Burden from his arm and started slowly descending in the direction of the dark island. The closer he got to it, the more details he could make out. The steep slopes of the island were craggy, with their lower parts encased in silver. There were numerous barnacles growing on the tarnished metal, with waves of water foaming as they splashed against them from time to time.
There were also massive chains rising from the water and disappearing in the fissures higher up the slopes.
Sunny frowned.
The island was very strange... that was a given. However, there was something about that strangeness that made him feel uneasy.
The monstrous serpent, too, seemed to have grown wary as they drew closer to the weathered hill of dark rock.
Sunny's eyes suddenly narrowed.
'Could it be...'
He hesitated for a few moments, and then tried to peer through the surface of the island.
A split second later, Sunny cursed and hurriedly drove the Heavenly Needle back into his skin.
In the next moment, the island quaked and moved as a titanic head slowly rose from beneath the waves to stare at the ancient sea serpent with a giant, unmoving eye.
...What Sunny saw beneath the weathered black rock was an ocean of vile darkness, and two nodes from where the Corruption had spread throughout the whole enormous creature.
The entire island... was simply the carapace of a colossal Great Monster.



Chapter 1242 Cataclysmic Battle
Sunny stared at the colossal reptilian head that had risen from below the waves. There were streams of water flowing down from it like roaring waterfalls, and brands of tarnished silver encasing it like armor. The monster's eyes were like murky lakes, and its massive beak was like the ram of an oceanic battleship.
Of course, there was no vessel in the waking world that could compare with the destructive power of that beak.
The thing that Sunny had assumed to be an island was, in fact, the shell of a giant, monstrous black turtle.
He froze, stunned by the sheer size of the Great Monster.
'...And I thought that that sea snake was enormous.'
The sea serpent that had been following Sunny was, indeed, quite large - it was easily larger than the Fallen Titan Goliath, whom Sunny had killed during the siege of Falcon Scott. However, the creature's body was still only a couple hundred meters long.
The monstrous turtle, meanwhile, spanned more than a kilometer. In front of it, the serpent looked like a little snake.
And yet, it seems undeterred.
The azure serpent had risen its head out of the water, too, and was staring at the Great Monster in front of it with its mad, cloudy eyes.
The two Nightmare Creatures observed each other.
Sunny, meanwhile, was cursing his fate.
'Damn it... damn it! I was hoping to step on something solid again!'
Instead of a safe harbor, he found an abomination that was even more harrowing than the one waiting to swallow him whole.
"You can still step on that turtle, you know."
The Sin of Solace grinned.
Sunny spared him a dark glance, then turned to look at the two abominations.
At that moment, the giant turtle lowered its head a little and let out a low, threatening huff - which sounded like rolling thunder. Water was still flowing off its black scales, and its murky eyes were slowly igniting with dark silver light.
It was clearly not happy that another Nightmare Creature had invaded its territory and disturbed its sleep.
The azure serpent stared at it for a few moments more, then turned its snout and threw a deranged gaze at Sunny.
'What is that old snake thinking? Turn your tail and run, lunatic!'
Sunny still clearly remembered the ease with which the Carapace Centurions had slaughtered the Carapace Scavengers. A Monster was much more powerful and deadly than a mere Beast, no matter the Rank... if the sea serpent had any sense left, it would retreat to avoid angering the black turtle.
Which was good news for Sunny. Even though he had not managed to find shelter from the abomination on the shell of the Great Monster, the Great Monster could still rid him of the dreadful pursuer.
The turtle did not seem to have noticed Sunny, either. If things turned out well...
But, of course, they did not.
Despite being much smaller than the Great Monster in front of it, and presumably much weaker, the azure serpent let out a mad roar and dove into the water, swimming toward the colossal turtle with stunning speed. The giant blades protruding from its back cut the surface of the river and left a trail of white foam in their wake.
Sunny was a little startled.
'...Does it want to eat me that bad?'
The monstrous armored turtle, however, was unfazed. Its giant flippers moved, and it propelled itself forward with surprising speed. Its beak opened, and an indescribable sound exploded from its maw, making the world shake.
The calm surface of the Great River suddenly turned chaotic and tumultuous, as if in the middle of a raging hurricane. Giant whirlpools formed, powerful enough to swallow alloy vessels whole.
Sunny was almost thrown from the sky by the violent force of the abomination's battle cry.
'Argh...'
The azure serpent and the black turtle clashed below him, and a tremendous fountain of water suddenly shot into the air. The turtle was much more powerful and deadly, but the serpent was faster - it nimbly evaded the harrowing beak and opened its maw, trying to sink its fangs into the gargantuan scales of the enemy's neck.
However, the dreadful fangs simply slid off the tarnished silver encasing it.
Sunny lingered for a few moments, awed by the cataclysmic fury of the clash between two great abominations. The forces being unleashed below him... were probably enough to erase an entire siege capital from the face of the world.
Shuddering, he imagined what would happen if two such creatures appeared in NQSC. Would the largest city of humanity survive such a catastrophe?
 ...It probably would, if barely. The Sovereigns might have abandoned Antarctica, but they were bound to do something if the seat of their power came under threat. Bastion and Ravenheart were important, yes, but the Northern Quadrant was still the heartland of humanity.
At least that was what Sunny wanted to believe.
'What am I thinking about?'
The waters of the Great River were already painted red by blood around the two clashing abominations.
Sunny would have loved to watch the azure serpent die, but he couldn't miss the chance to slip away. If he failed to escape from the two great abominations now, he might never get it again.
Turning away, he flew forward as fast as he could.
Behind him, the world was shuddering, and the water was roaring as it rose in giant waves.
'Gods...'
Sunny gritted his teeth and refused to look back.
Gradually, the sounds of the titanic battle grew quieter and quieter. And then, he couldn't hear anything at all.
He let out a shaky breath.
'That... I knew that Third Nightmares were absolutely lethal. But isn't it a bit too much?'
Was he supposed to battle Great Nightmare Creatures as a mere Ascended? What kind of perverted logic was that?
Suddenly in a somber mood, Sunny sighed and looked at the Sin of Solace.
"What do you think?"
The sword wraith smiled.
"I think you are going to die of hunger before finding land. Oh... or you can go fishing in the river and be eaten by the fish instead. There's always a choice!"
Sunny grimaced.
'Why did I even ask?'
He continued to follow the current of the Great River, flying north... into the past.
Eventually, the seven suns drowned again, suffusing the water with their light. The sky was black and devoid of stars.
The world was silent.
Sunny tiredly closed his eyes.
'...Can't sleep. Falling asleep might kill me.'
He stared at the expanse of softly shining water beneath him, then blinked a couple of times.
'What... the hell... how is this possible?!'
A familiar shadow was hiding beneath the waves below him.
The azure serpent was back. There were hints of blood in the water around it, but the damned creature was indeed there, still waiting to devour Sunny.
'Did it escape from that giant turtle?!'
Struggling to believe in it, Sunny turned around and looked back.
Of course, the place where the two abominations had battled was too far away for him to see anything.
But... he did notice something else.
Somewhere out there, upstream, almost too distant to be noticed... a tiny spark of pure white light was glistening above the blush-green, luminous waters. It was hard to notice because of the soft glow of the Great River at night, but it was certainly there.
Sunny held his breath for a moment.
'I shouldn't get my hopes up. Right?'
He slowed down, and then came to a halt. The Sin of Solace stopped, too, looking at him with a detached expression.
'Still... I must make sure...'
Sunny rubbed his face, glanced at the azure serpent once again, and then sent himself flying back.
'Let's see if you want to meet that turtle again, old snake!'



Chapter 1243 Searching for Light
By the time Sunny flew close enough to distinguish the source of the white spark, it had already disappeared. However, finding the source was not too hard - there were not a lot of things that could be distinguished from the empty expanse of flowing water on the Great River, after all.
By then, it was already morning. The suns were slowly rising from below, and the world was enveloped in the dim glow of twilight. The soft radiance of the shimmering water had dissipated, making it easier for Sunny to see colors.
Hovering high above the current, he froze. There was a stunned expression on his face.
'...How is this possible?'
Far below him, a vast span of the Great River was painted red. Blood was clouding the clear water, and the polluted patch of it was at least half a dozen kilometers across. From high up, it looked as if a bloody flower was slowly blooming in the middle of the river.
At the center of the red patch... a familiar Great Monster was floating lifelessly, the silver bands encasing its neck broken and bent.
The black turtle was dead.
There was a vicious wound at the spot where its neck met its body. The wound was large enough to be a tunnel, with rivers of blood still flowing out of it into the water. The equally gruesome exit wound was all the way across the monster's massive body, just below one of its armored flippers.
Shaken, Sunny lingered for a while, and then looked down, at the spot where his pursuer was hiding beneath the water. At that moment, the azure serpent rose its head above the surface and stared at Sunny with mad fury burning in its cloudy eyes.
The Great Beast looked battered and maimed, with several huge chunks of flesh missing from its long neck... but it was undeniably alive.
He had thought once that the azure serpent was like a little snake in front of the colossal turtle. But from the looks of it, that little snake had managed to burrow into the body of the larger monster, tear it from the inside, and escape back into the river to catch up to Sunny.
'The old snake must be a queen... king?... of Beasts. It actually took down a Monster...'
He was slightly impressed.
But mostly, he was disturbed. Being pursued by a Great Beast was already bad enough, but now that he knew that the azure serpent was a fearsome existence among the creatures of its Class, the situation seemed even worse.
'Damnation...'
Sunny and the ancient leviathan stared at each other some more, and then he turned back to the island-sized corpse of the black turtle.
In any case, now that he saw the result of the battle between the two great abominations, he had to admit that the source of the white spark had to be hidden somewhere on the dead turtle's shell. There was simply no other place anywhere around that could have produced it.
Sunny observed the carcass of the Great Monster for a while, not daring to descend yet. After thinking for a while, he summoned Morgan's Warbow and made a black arrow appear on its string.
Then, he ordered one of his shadows to wrap itself around the arrow, drew the string, and released it.
The arrow shot through the air and struck the green moss covering the monster's shell. Piercing the layer of soft moss, it then hit the weathered black rock and splintered without leaving even a scratch on its surface.
The arrow was destroyed, but the shadow had already been transported on the dark island.
The gloomy guy looked around, shivered, and then glanced at the sky with a resigned expression. His resentful gaze seemed to deal damage directly to Sunny's conscience.
Sunny shifted a little.
'What are you staring at? I have a very clear conscience! The clearest conscience in two worlds...it's a flaw of mine...'
The Sin of Solace, who was standing by his side, quietly chuckled.
Ignoring the apparition, Sunny commanded the gloomy shadow to go and explore. Then, he looked at the world through its eyes.
The surface of the black turtle's shell was indeed like an island. There were patches of moss covering the weathered rock, while the rock itself was rough and uneven. It was littered with mounds, deep gorges, and even depressions filled with water that looked like small lakes.
Here and there, jagged pieces of tarnished silver could be seen. From what Sunny could tell, the Great Monster had been somehow fashioned with a battle armor of sublime silver in the past... perhaps thousands of years ago. Now, the silver armor was dull and covered with a dark patina.
Most of it was gone, at least on the surface - only the edges of the shell, the neck, the head, and the flippers were still encased in vast bands of the precious metal. The huge chains Sunny had seen before served to fasten the armor to the creature's shell.
He did not want to study the nature of the dead abomination in detail right now, though. First, he wanted to find out where the white light had come from.
Soon, the shadow noticed something.
In the middle of a large patch of moss, there was a spot where it had been burned away, revealing the rock surface beneath. The rock itself was covered by ash and soot.
Most importantly... there was a palm print in the ash. A human palm print.
Sunny's heart suddenly started to beat faster.
The gloomy shadow seemed excited, too. It sped up, gliding across the dark island and diving into the deep fissures in the rock shell from time to time.
 And after diving into one of the more shallow gorges, it saw something that made it freeze.
Out there in the shade of the fissure, leaning her back on the uneven black rock...
A young woman with silver hair was sitting on the ground. Her black clothes were singed and torn, and there was a wild look in her striking grey eyes. She was holding a piece of strange-looking roasted meat in her hands, sinking her teeth into it with a determined expression.
Both her fingers and lips were covered in grease.
It was Nephis.
As Sunny and the gloomy shadow were staring at her in stunned silence, she suddenly shifted, raised her head and looked directly at the shadow.
Her eyes widened a little.
Forgetting to chew, Neph lingered for a moment...
And then awkwardly waved at the shadow with a greasy hand.



Chapter 1244 Damn Great Steak
"It's actually her..."
Sunny did not want to admit it, but he was incredibly excited. A small smile appeared on his face, and he let out a long sigh.
Far below, his shadow waved back at Nephis.
He was happy, and not only because it was Neph whom he had found. Sunny was also happy to find anyone at all... after days spent in solitude, he was starting to fear that the strangeness of the Great River was much more dire than he had thought, and that he was actually sent into an entirely different Nightmare - or perhaps epoch - than the other members of the cohort.
In fact, he had been suppressing the gnawing fear of being the only human in this flowing world.
"Thank the gods."
Under the watchful gaze of the azure serpent, Sunny retrieved the Heavenly Burden and glided down in a wide spiral. He was still wary of the great abomination, but had no choice except to land. It was a good thing, too... after spending two days drifting through the empty sky, he longed to stand on something solid again.
The small puncture wound left behind by the black needle was completely healed by the time Sunny reached the stone shell of the dead behemoth.
To his relief, the ancient serpent did not follow him onto the island. It stayed in the water, staring at the tiny human with hungry madness - luckily, looks could not kill.
Well, at least this Great Beast's gaze could not kill. There were all kinds of Nightmare Creatures and Aspects out there, though...
As soon as the soles of his shoes touched the weathered rock, Sunny let out a satisfied sigh. Then, he dismissed the Dark Wing, bent down to grab the edge of the fissure in front of him, and jumped down.
A few moments later, Sunny landed in front of Nephis. The gloomy shadow slid off the wall and attached itself to his feet.
The two of them stared at each other for a bit.
Then, Sunny grinned.
"That smells delicious. Where did you get fresh meat?"
Nephis tilted her head and blinked.
***
A few minutes later, Sunny and Nephis were sitting opposite each other inside the narrow fissure, finishing the last of the meat she had roasted. The Covetous Coffer was standing nearby in the form of an alloy chest, its lid open - there was not much food inside by now, but there was still some salt and spices left. With the help of seasoning, the meat tasted sublime.
Not that it was easy to chew. Sunny's teeth were incredibly tenacious due to Bone Weave, and yet, he had to augment himself with a few shadows just to take a bite... and yet, he was thankful for that meat. Without Neph making a fire to roast it, he might not have found her so soon, or even ever at all.
'It really tastes amazing...'
Finished with his portion, Sunny glanced at his greasy hands with a bit of regret, and then carefully licked his fingers. Then, he looked at Nephis and smiled.
"Hey... did we really just eat the meat of a Great Monster?"
How had his life turned out this way? It was a bit too ridiculous.
She nodded and brought the Endless Spring to her lips, drinking greedily.
"Yeah... I carved it myself. After the sea serpent left."
Hearing this, Sunny shifted awkwardly.
As it turned out, Nephis had been on the shell of the black turtle the whole time. At first, she had appeared within the mist, just like Sunny - but after the mist dissipated, she found herself standing on the surface of the dark island, with no one else in sight.
Neph had felt that something was very wrong almost instantly, but it took her a few hours to realize that the rocky island beneath her feet was actually the carapace of a titanic abomination. Then, she slowly explored the shell of the black turtle while trying her best not to awaken the Great Monster from its slumber.
On the second day, the sea serpent had suddenly attacked, waking the turtle up and initiating a harrowing battle. Nephis had no choice but to hide in one of the fissures and hold on for dear life while being battered, doused with water, and tossed around.
The pressure and the shockwaves of the furious battle between two great abominations almost killed her - that was why her clothes were in such a sorry state. Eventually, though, the serpent managed to burrow into the turtle's flesh and kill it from the inside. After killing the monster, it left.
At that point, Nephis recovered a little, then dove down into the water to carve out some meat to satiate her hunger, as well as quench her thirst.
Sunny coughed awkwardly.
"About that... I'm sorry."
She raised an eyebrow, looking at him in confusion.
"Sorry? Why?"
 He scratched the back of his head.
"Well... I also entered the Nightmare within the mist. Only I was still in the water once it dissipated, on a piece of flotsam. And there was this serpent trying to eat me. So, I escaped into the sky and flew downstream for a while, with the serpent following. Eventually, I stumbled on this turtle... and therefore, so did the sea snake. You, uh... you know the rest..."
A strange expression appeared on Neph's face. She stared at him silently, making Sunny let out a nervous laugh.
"Actually, I was right above you, high in the sky, when they started fighting. We almost missed each other! Luckily, I noticed your flames from afar the next night, and came back."
He lingered for a moment, and then smiled.
"So, it all ended well. Now we are both stuck here."
Then, the smile froze on his face.
Sunny remained motionless for a bit, then looked away and cleared his throat.
"Oh, by the way... that sea serpent? Yeah... I might have accidentally led it back here, again. It's currently circling the turtle. Did I say that I was sorry?"
Nephis stared at him for a while, then lowered her head and covered her face with a palm.
Sunny could have sworn that he heard her mumble something under her breath.
But he must have heard wrong, right?
There was no way Nephis would say...
"Damnation..."



Chapter 1245 Smashing Problems with a Hammer
Climbing out of the fissure, the two of them - and the ominous figure of the Sin of Solace - studied the calm surface of the Great River. By now, it seemed like a sea of blood. The patch of red water surrounding the dead behemoth was growing larger as it was slowly washed away.
Just then, an ominous shadow moved through the blood, and a giant, cloudy eye rose from the red liquid to stare at them with hatred and burning malice. Sunny shivered and felt the desire to take a step back.
Nephis remained unmoved.
After a while, she spoke in a somber tone:
"...Strong."
He sighed.
"It is a Great Beast. Of course, it's strong."
At that moment, the Sin of Solace smiled.
As they escaped the suffocating gaze of the azure serpent by jumping back into the fissure, the sword wraith spoke:
"But... isn't it just a Great Beast? Where is your fighting spirit, Sunny? Go! Kill it! Like you always do..."
Sunny threw an irritated glance at him and thought:
'Shut the hell up.'
The apparition laughed.
"Why? Can't I make a joke? Of course, a pathetic waste of a Divine Aspect like you has no hope of surviving a fight with this creature."
It grinned and added:
"That is why it's funny."
Sunny frowned and glared at the Sin of Solace, then started to think of a response. However, at that moment, Neph's voice distracted him from the conversation:
"Sunny? Who are you talking to?"
Startled, he flinched slightly and turned to her. His face grew slightly more pale than usual.
"You... you heard that? I spoke it aloud?"
She lingered for a moment, then nodded.
Sunny let out a small laugh and scratched his head, feigning embarrassment. In truth, he was a little frightened - it seems that the effect of the Sin of Solace on his mind was not as tame as he had thought.
'Damn it.'
"That... my primary weapon Memory has a peculiar enchantment. Basically, it's a voice that doesn't miss a chance to explain how wrong everything I do is. Right... something like that."
Nephis stared at him for a while, and then a hint of a smile appeared on her face.
"Oh."
Sunny frowned.
"Wait, why are you smiling? It's very annoying!"
She simply shook her head.
"It's nothing. I was... just suddenly reminded of an old fairy tale I once heard."
He gave her a dubious look.
"Really? What is that fairy tale about?"
Nephis pondered for a bit, as if trying to recall, then said with uncertainty:
"It is about a mischievous doll who ran away from home. Every time the doll lied, his nose would grow bigger. And there was a cricket who followed the wooden boy around, trying to explain what is right and what is wrong to him."
Sunny blinked a couple of times, perplexed. What kind of weird story was that? And why would a doll be alive? Was it actually an Echo? Or a Nightmare Creature?
 He frowned.
"That's one strange fairy tale. I do see why you would remember it, though, not that I have any problems with the length of my nose. So... how does it end?"
Nephis thought for a while.
"I guess the doll learns how to be a good boy and returns home with the cricket? That is not the original ending, though."
Sunny felt a little better about himself after hearing that. Curious, he raised an eyebrow and asked:
"Yeah? What happens to the doll in the original, then?"
She sat down and shrugged with an indifferent expression.
"He kills the cricket with a hammer, then gets hanged from a tree and dies."
Sunny's eyes twitched.
'What the hell?'
Lowering himself to the ground, he scoffed.
"That doesn't even make sense. Isn't that doll made of wood? Why would he die after being hanged from a tree? Ridiculous... not to mention that a talking wooden doll would have been at least a Demon. There's no way a Demon would die from being hanged."
He looked at Nephis and abruptly realized how ridiculous that conversation was. Sunny cleared his throat, and then added:
"Anyway... that Memory of mine has grown stronger once we entered the Nightmare. I have a couple of ideas why, but am not certain yet. So, that peculiar enchantment has become more annoying, too. I guess what I am trying to say is... don't mind me."
However, he couldn't help but glance at the Sin of Solace and add with a bit of venom in his voice:
"As for the fairy tale... now that we established that the doll wouldn't have died from hanging, I must admit - I wouldn't mind smashing that annoying cricket with a hammer and watching it die."
The apparition mockingly raised an eyebrow. Neph, meanwhile, frowned slightly and asked:
"Why do you keep looking to the side when talking about that enchantment?"
Sunny froze.
"Well... that... at first, there was only a voice. But now there's an illusory figure following me, too. In fact, it looks exactly like me, and uses my own voice to berate me. It's fine, though. Just... annoying."
Nephis remained silent before asking in an even tone:
"So... there are two Sunnys here right now?"
Sunny grimaced, then nodded with a bit of reluctance.
"In a sense. One is just a foul-mouthed hallucination, though."
Neph stared at him for a while with a funny expression.
Then, she tilted her head slightly...
And stared at him some more.
Sunny suddenly felt a bit weird under that gaze.
"...What? Why are you looking at me like that? I'm not crazy!"
No... what was it hidden in the depths of her calm grey eyes? Was it... amusement?!
Nephis suddenly took a deep breath, and then shook her head.
"I know that you are not crazy. That Memory should be the Sin of Solace, right? It is tied to Ariel - and, therefore, to the Tomb of Ariel. Even though the pyramid doesn't seem to exist in this Nightmare, it might come in handy."
Sunny slowly exhaled.
"Right."
Nephis had access to the list of his Memories, so she would know about the Sin of Solace.
But that reminded him...
Growing serious, Sunny said in a somber tone:
"Speaking of which... I think we should try to figure out where we are. And, more importantly, why we are here. I think that if we pull all the information we have together, we might be able to find out a few things."
She nodded.
"Okay. I was thinking the same thing. There have to be hints in the descriptions of some of the Memories we received during the Chain of Nightmares. I can tell you which ones of mine seem important."
Sunny too thought that this was the best course of action, at least for now - the azure serpent didn't seem to have plans of climbing onto the carcass of the black turtle, and the current was pulling it downstream. Even if they tried to fly away, their speed wouldn't be much greater than that of the dark island.
So, they might as well try to better understand the situation first.
However...
He gathered his willpower, hesitated for a few moments, and forced out an indifferent smile:
"Uh... before that... I think you should summon a new armor Memory. So, you know... this one could restore itself."
Nephis frowned, then looked down at herself.
The black garments she wore were singed and torn, revealing more than a fair bit of her smooth alabaster skin. She remained motionless for a bit, then shifted slightly.
"Turn ar... can you turn around?"
She phrased it as a question instead of a request, but Sunny nevertheless obediently faced the wall of the fissure.
"I can."
After a moment of awkward silence, another question followed:
"...Can you also make your shadow turn around?"
He forced the gloomy shadow to face the black rock, too.
"No problem."
The Sin of Solace rolled his eyes, then shook his head and followed their example.
"You are a pitiful man, Sunny. You know that? Ah, don't bother responding... gods, I wish you did squish me with a hammer. Then, I wouldn't have to endure your..."
Sunny ignored him.
Soon, the dark fissure became a little brighter - Neph's clothes turned into a swarm of white sparks.
Then, the fissure was illuminated again as she summoned another armor.
Sunny let out a shaky breath.
'What is this sense of déjÃ vu...'
"Are you done?"
She answered after a short pause:
"Yeah."
He smiled.
"Alright. Let's do some research, then!"



Chapter 1246 Research Partners
Nephis changed from her torn clothes and was now wearing a white tunic with its hems embroidered in intricate red patterns. The tunic was somewhat similar to Sunny's Shroud of Dusk, but also different - it seemed like a single sheet of light fabric that had been elaborately tied at the shoulders, and thus had no sleeves. Loosely fastened at the waist and with high slits, it seemed like something that could afford one a high degree of freedom of movement.
Still, Sunny was slightly surprised to see what Neph had chosen to summon. She gave him a strange look.
"What?"
He shrugged.
"I just imagined that you would select a suit of steel armor, or at least something that offers more protection. There has to be a Memory like that among those that Summer Knight gave you, right?"
Nephis shook her head.
"There is. But what does it matter here? No matter how powerful of an armor Memory I use, it will still break after brushing against a great abomination once. So, I might as well go for something light and offering good utility. This tunic might not protect me well, but it enhances my senses. For now, that is more important. Best of all..."
She slightly pursed her lips and added with a hint of frustration in her voice:
"...It won't burn."
Sunny suppressed a chuckle.
"Alright. Suit yourself."
It was not like he had anything to complain about. That tunic of hers was rather beautiful... plus, he wasn't one to talk, considering what he himself was wearing.
Sunny pulled his gaze away from Neph's slender figure and stared at the Memories that were laying on the ground between them. These were all the ones in their possession that mentioned Ariel, his Tomb, the Great River, or an estuary of any kind.
There was no real need to summon them, since both Sunny and Nephis could see each other's runes. However, having something to look at was more convenient.
They were:
A beautifully engraved chalice of white stone full of black liquid.
A hand mirror of dark silver that gave off an ominous feeling.
A graceful jian with a long and slender blade of pristine white jade.
A necklace of engraved black metal that resembled a collar.
An elegant mallet with a hammerhead made of perfectly black stone.
A dagger made of cloudy steel with a handle that was wrapped in black leather.
The Bitter Cusp, the Mirror of Truth, the Sin of Solace, the Stifled Scream, the Dark Shaper, and the Falling Ash.
The last two came from Nephis, while all the other ones came from Sunny - he had spent more time in Antarctica, after all, and received more Memories from the abominations of the Chain of Nightmares.
There was also the Shroud of Graceless Dusk, but Sunny did not feel like undressing... although it might have been only fair for him to do so.
'Nevermind.'
He studied the Memories for a while, sometimes glancing at the shimmering runes in front of him. Eventually, Sunny said:
"Before we try to draw any conclusions, let's go over what we already know first."
Nephis nodded.
Sunny took a deep breath.
"First of all... there was a daemon called Ariel, the Demon of Dread. The Tomb of Ariel stands somewhere in the Nightmare Desert - however, it is not a tomb where Ariel is buried. Rather, it is a tomb that he built."
He remained silent for a moment, then continued:
"The seven of us entered a Seed of Nightmare that seemed to have originated from the Tomb of Ariel. However, instead of being transported into the past of the Nightmare Desert, we somehow ended up in the middle of a strange and boundless river."
It was not certain that the Great River was boundless - Sunny had not tried to reach its seemingly unattainable shores yet, after all. However, it was definitely incredibly vast.
He frowned.
"That river seems to be the Great River, which is said to exist outside of time and flow endlessly from the future into the past... whatever that means. The Great River is connected to the Tomb of Ariel, somehow. But we don't know how exactly."
 After finishing, Sunny lingered a bit, and then asked:
"Anything you want to add?"
Nephis nodded.
"The Nightmare we entered is an abnormal one. The vision of the reversed time was interrupted. Additionally, there are supposed to be millions of challengers within it. Apart from that..."
She glanced at the strange sky of the Great River, where dawn coexisted with dusk and day, and at the seven suns bathing the world in light. Then, Nephis said:
"This place looks like a colossal Soul Sea."
Sunny's eyes glistened.
"Right? That was what I thought, as well!"
He sighed, and then picked up the dagger forged out of cloudy steel - the Falling Ash.
Weighing it in his hand, Sunny glanced at its complicated weave, and then turned to the runes.
Memory: Falling Ash.Memory Rank...
At the same time, Nephis looked at his own Memories for a while, and then tentatively picked up the Mirror of Truth. She glanced at her reflection, shivered, then turned the mirror around and studied the beautiful engravings on its back.
Her eyes darted from side to side, most likely reading the runes that described the meeting between Weaver and Ariel.
After a few moments, a contemplative expression appeared on Neph's face.
"This one is interesting. I think it is important... it can help us understand the nature and purpose of the Tomb of Ariel. However, it doesn't tell us anything about the Great River."
She put the Mirror of Truth aside and reached out for the Bitter Cusp.
"This one is connected to the Sin of Solace and the Falling Ash, I think."
Sunny nodded as he read the description of the ashen dagger.
The runes read:
Ariel built a beautiful palace of jade for the queen, and there, she held her court. A great bridge of stone led to the Jade Palace, covered in snow and ash. Soon, the news of the queen's beauty and wisdom spread across the realms, and many guests came to witness her grace. Not all of them survived the snow, and even fewer survived the ash. Still, more and more came.
He frowned.
The description of the Sin of Solace told of a beautiful monster that Ariel had made a queen and gifted with the sinister knowledge of hideous truth. The description of the Bitter Cusp told the eerie story of a group of guests that came to the Jade Court with ill intentions. And this one told about how Ariel had built the Jade Court... the Jade Palace... for the Jade Queen.
None of that information was particularly useful for them now, except maybe for the fact that Ariel seemed fond of building things.
However...
Sunny glanced at Nephis and showed her the dagger.
"That Jade Palace... doesn't it sound like Ravenheart?"
Ravenheart, the Great Citadel of Clan Song, was situated among snowy peaks and raging volcanoes. Snow and ash were always falling there... and, more than that, one had to cross an enormous stone bridge to reach it.
The description of the Jade Palace was too similar.
Neph looked at the Falling Ash. Then, her eyes glinted a little.
"...It does."
Sunny was a bit stunned. He had learned some time ago that the Citadels of the great clans were left behind by the seven daemons, and were thus very important to the Sovereigns. So were the Ivory Tower, which had once belonged to Hope, and the Hollow Mountains, where Nether's Citadel still remained undiscovered. That was why Valor and Song had been racing to conquer the Tomb of Ariel.
But... if the Citadel left behind by Ariel was actually Ravenheart...
Then which daemon was tied to the black pyramid? Who could be more connected to the Tomb of Ariel than its builder?
Feeling confused, Sunny shook his head and tried to concentrate on the task at hand.
Right now, they had to learn about the Great River the most... because that was where they were stuck...
Putting the Falling Ash back, he picked up the Dark Shaper - which looked like an elegant mallet with its head made of perfectly black stone.
In fact... that black stone looked very familiar.
Sunny studied the weave of the black mallet, then glanced at its runes.
A few moments later, his eyes widened.



Chapter 1247 Fear Itself
The Dark Shaper was a Transcendent Memory of the Fourth Tier that Nephis had gained in Antarctica. It was one of the few she had chosen to keep - the rest either went to the Fire Keepers or were sold to acquire various equipment and resources.
Being the leader of a group of elite Awakened was not cheap. Even with the support of Clan Valor, Neph had to work hard to provide her followers with the best... everything. Perhaps it was a part of the King of Swords testing her competency, or perhaps the great clan simply didn't care to spend too much on the survivors of the Forgotten Shore before they proved themselves.
In any case, Nephis had decided to keep the Dark Shaper for herself.
The reason she had decided to hold on to the stone mallet was both because of its power and because its description mentioned the Demon of Dread.
The Dark Shaper looked more like a tool than a weapon. It had a handle of dark polished wood inlaid with dull silver. The hammerhead was fashioned out of perfectly black stone - which looked and felt rather familiar.
Sunny was almost certain that it was the same stone that the Tomb of Ariel had been built of.
The stone mallet's enchantments had to do with sculpting and changing the shape of things. Disturbingly, these things were not limited to stone, metal, and wood... if one wished, they could also shape flesh and bone, sculpting all kinds of nightmarish creations. The sinister Corrupted Devil Nephis had killed to receive the Dark Shaper was similarly revolting.
It was indeed a Memory worthy of being graced with the name of the Demon of Dread in its description.
And speaking of the description...
At first, Sunny simply studied the shimmering runes, finding them rather interesting.
They read:
Memory: Dark Shaper.
Memory Rank: Transcendent.
Memory Tier: IV.
Memory Type: Tool.
Memory Description: When the unholy titan took a step, everyone cowered in fear. Only Ariel, the Demon of Dread, remained standing - he did not feel fear, for he was fear itself. Taking a step forward, he challenged the unholy titan, and the two battled under the azure sky. Their battle was fierce, their battle was fearsome. Their battle was a hint of the doom that would come.
The unholy titan possessed an indestructible stone body and was invulnerable to all harm. As they fought, the land was shattered and the sky split apart. The Demon of Dread received many harrowing wounds, but the terrible titan remained wholly unscathed. Its stone body became incandescent from the heat, shining brighter than the fiery sun.
That was when the Demon of Dread whispered something to his enemy, and then cast the titan into the depths of the ocean.
When the incandescent titan plunged into the cool water, the ocean turned into searing vapor and was scattered by the winds. The stone flesh of the titan instantly cooled, causing a tiny crack to appear on its heart - that tiny spot was the only part of the creature that had not been tempered, and was also its only flaw.
As Ariel watched coldly, the titan bellowed in agony. After one heartbeat, cracks appeared on its indestructible body. After two heartbeats, blood flowed from its wounds like a river. After three heartbeats, its body started to crumble into numerous shards.
And on the seventh heartbeat, its heart shattered, turning into dust.
That was how the unholy stone titan was destroyed.
Following the end of the battle, the Demon of Dread created a mystical river out of the titan's blood, and built a pyramid out of its stone flesh. The pyramid stood where the ocean had once been, and...
The description ended.
It was after he finished reading that Sunny's eyes widened as an unbelievable guess appeared in his mind.
'Wait. No. No way...'
The tale of Ariel's battle with an Unholy Titan was indeed very interesting, not the least because it seemed as though the Demon of Dread had won due to a single whisper. More than that, it hinted at the answers to several questions that Sunny had been curious about. For example, who or what was the progenitor of the Minor Shard of the Stone Titan - Goliath. Or how the Nightmare Desert had come into existence...
But these precious pieces of knowledge were not what caused such a reaction from Sunny. What drew his attention was the abrupt end of the description.
Didn't it seem... incomplete?
As if there was another part of it missing.
...Coincidentally, he knew of another description that seemed like a fragment of a larger whole.
Frowning, Sunny summoned his own runes and found the name of the Stifled Scream. Concentrating on it, he read:
Memory Description: ...a great river was contained within it, flowing endlessly from the future into the past. When doom came, many entered to seek shelter from it, and many had come to seek the truth. That was because the Great River existed outside time, and so, it was said that a dreadful secret was hidden at its estuary. Few of those capable dared to approach it, and none of those who had returned.
He remained motionless for a few moments, then mentally put the two descriptions together.
'Following the end of the battle, the Demon of Dread created a mystical river out of the titan's blood, and built a pyramid out of its stone flesh. The pyramid stood where the ocean had once been... a great river was contained within it... flowing endlessly from the future into the past?'
 His hands trembled.
Unable to speak, Sunny turned his head slightly and stared at Nephis.
A few moments later, she noticed his gaze and raised an eyebrow.
"What?"
He lingered for a while, and then said hesitantly:
"That... I am really not sure... but I think I understand where we are now."
Then, Sunny looked at the narrow strip of the sky above them and added in a hushed voice:
"Neph, this might sound crazy... but I think that we are inside the black pyramid..."



Chapter 1248 Entombed
The two of them climbed from the fissure and stood gazing at the seven suns moving across the vast sky. They remained silent for a while. Eventually, Sunny spoke, his voice carrying a sense of wonder and perplexity.
"I know that it doesn't make sense... but it also makes so much sense, you know?"
Nephis frowned, her thoughts mirroring his. She had read both descriptions, and although Sunny's theory sounded outlandish, it was also compelling in a bizarre and irrational way.
He took a deep breath and continued to unravel his theory.
"I mean, listen... we were in the Nightmare Desert, and entered the Third Nightmare through a Seed that had been a part of Ariel's Tomb once. Logically, the Spell should have sent us into the past of the desert, or at least into the past of the black pyramid. However, it sent us into the Great River instead. That is an obvious contradiction."
Sunny brushed his hair back and rubbed his eyes, attempting to make sense of the puzzle.
"But it all makes sense if the Great River is actually situated inside the pyramid. Sure, no matter how large the pyramid is, it can't be large enough to contain an entire region of the Dream Realm, an entire world, even. That is if we think about it from the perspective of human logic. However, Ariel was not a human. He was a daemon - an actual deity. Beings like that are not bound by mundane logic. If he could create a pyramid that does not draw nearer no matter how long you walk toward it, who says that he couldn't create a pyramid that contains a whole world inside it?"
Nephis considered the implications of Sunny's words. Her eyes remained fixed on the vast Great River, and the azure serpent lurking beneath its surface, with madness and hunger in its gaze.
Struggling to ignore the unsettling presence of the serpent, she sighed and voiced her own insights.
"Did he create that world too, then? Well... now that I think about it, he might have. Both of us thought that this place looked like a Soul Sea, right? Maybe it is not a Soul Sea, but instead was made from one. Ariel built the black pyramid out of the flesh of an Unholy Titan. He created the Great River out of its blood. Then, he created a world out of its soul? If so... then those seven suns were made out of seven divine soul shards that the Titan had left behind."
Nephis paused for a moment and then added, her voice tinged with a sense of awe.
"If the humans of the Forgotten Shore could create an artificial sun, there's really no reason why Ariel couldn't create seven better ones."
Sunny acknowledged her insights with a nod.
"It would also explain why there are no stars in the night sky, and why it's entirely black. Because it is not a real sky... instead, the black pyramid is hollow, and what we're looking at is actually the inner side of its walls."
The two of them exchanged glances, growing more convinced that their startling theory was right.
Troubled, Nephis looked at the seven suns again and expressed her concerns.
"So, Ariel created this place... this tomb... to bury the truths he couldn't endure. And there is said to be a dreadful secret hidden in its estuary. It is easy to conclude that the truth he buried and the dreadful secret are one and the same. However... isn't it a little bit too elaborate of a feat, to create a whole world, hide it within an indestructible pyramid, and remove it from the natural flow of time - all just to hide a secret? Why would he want to go to all that trouble?"
Sunny listened to her with a somber expression on his face.
He remained silent for a bit, then speculated about Ariel's motives.
"Maybe it's not that he wanted to, but instead that he had no other choice. The truth is hidden in the estuary of the Great River, and the Great River flows from the future into the past. But... what is its estuary, actually? What can be the end of a river that flows through time, into the past?"
Sunny paused, deep in thought, and then arrived at a peculiar conclusion.
"The only end such a river can have is the point... when time didn't exist yet. Isn't it? Where the past terminates. The estuary of the Great River has to be the point where the past disappears into the primordial void, which was everlasting and everchanging, and existed before the concepts like death and time were even created. By the gods. In fact, the estuary has to exist before the gods were born. And, therefore... outside their control. If Ariel wanted to hide something from even the gods, wouldn't he have had to go to such lengths?"
Nephis sighed, then rubbed her face, grappling with the paradoxical nature of these revelations.
"This is... a little bit too strange to think about. A time before time existed? That is a paradox in and of itself, don't you think? Also, the Great River does not only flow from the future into the past, it also does so endlessly. How can an endless river reach a point of termination?"
Sunny felt a headache coming on, and he grimaced as he looked away.
"...Well, anyway. Regardless of all that. At least we know now that the sybils did not literally hide inside a huge pyramid with their people. They actually came to the Great River, which existed outside the natural flow of time, and was thus far removed from the doom that they were escaping. That doom... it had to be the war between the daemons and the gods, right? That was why they eventually couldn't hear the voices of the gods anymore. Because the gods died."
Nephis slowly nodded, prompting Sunny to smile with an air of revelation.
"You do understand what it means, don't you?"
She looked at him with a hint of curiosity.
"What exactly are you talking about?"
He grinned with a sense of anticipation.
"It means that there are tons of locals here on the Great River. We just haven't found them yet... but when we do, we'll be able to learn all kinds of information from them, including what the central conflict of this Nightmare is, and how to conquer it."
She tilted her head a little, intrigued by his optimism.
"Right... there have to be plenty of humans here, according to the descriptions of the Memories. It's just that they had entered the Great River much, much earlier than we did. So, they are probably somewhere further downstream... further into the past."
Without having to say anything, both of them turned to look north, in the direction where the waters of the Great River were flowing.
 The view was rather beautiful, except for the terrifying silhouette of the ancient serpent, which had raised its neck from the water and was devouring them with its eyes.
Nephis lingered for a while, and then said in a low voice, a tinge of worry in her tone:
"But, Sunny... what if the goal of this Nightmare is to reach the Estuary? What are we going to do then?"
He shivered, startled by her question. The idea of reaching the end of the Great River was both daunting and overwhelming. Surely, a Third Nightmare would not have such an insane goal. That was not a task for mere Ascended.
There had to be something else, something more attainable, something they could accomplish.
He just didn't know what it was.
Sunny let out a stifled laugh.
"Let's hope that it's not. And if it is... well. I guess we'll have to do our best."
The Sin of Solace smirked as he looked at the water, the mysteries of the Great River and the Tomb of Ariel unfolding before them, as they journeyed deeper into the enigmatic Third Nightmare.



Chapter 1249 Titanic Ship
So... this is it, then.
The Tomb of Ariel had been built from the remains of the Stone Titan, while the Great River created from its blood was contained within it, illuminated by the seven suns made from its broken soul cores.
The secret hidden at the Estuary was the truth that Ariel had wished to forget. The Nightmare Desert was the result of the battle between him and the unholy creature.
Looking at the blue sky above them, Sunny couldn't help but wonder...
So the daemons were capable of creating artificial worlds?
Then, a sudden thought made him shiver.
What is the difference between a real world and an artificial one, though?
Was there even a difference? And if there was not... had the rest of the worlds been created by someone, as well? The daemons? The gods? The unknown?
He sighed, then shook his head.
Do I really have time to ponder the cosmic origins of the world?
Right now, they had more practical questions to answer. Many of the mysteries of the Third Nightmare had been revealed to them, but many more remained. At least they now knew where they were, and what their next step had to be.
Travel downstream, find the syblis, and learn how to conquer this Seed.
Well... that is easier said than done, though.
Sunny stared at the waters of the Great River and saw the sharp blades of the azure serpent's dorsal fin break its surface as the great abomination hungrily circled the corpse of the titanic turtle.
A dark expression appeared on his face.
After a bit of silence, he said: "Neph... do you think we can kill this thing?"
She smiled faintly. Sunny had expected to hear some kind of a crazy answer, like always, but she unexpectedly gave him a sober one instead.
"It is... not impossible. This Beast is two whole Ranks above us, which would usually mean that there is no hope. But then again, we did eventually kill a few Fallen abominations as Sleepers, back on the Forgotten Shore."
Nephis grew silent for a moment, and then added somberly: "However, the gap between Ranks grows much wider the higher those Ranks are. The difference between a Corrupted creature and a Fallen one is much greater than the difference between a Fallen creature and an Awakened one... while the gap between a Great abomination and a Corrupted one is even greater still. Worse yet, this Great Beast is in its natural element in the water, while we are not. My Aspect will also be weakened there, in the depths."
Glaring at the serpent intensely, Sunny slowly nodded. Everything she said was reasonable.
"...I bet I can still kill it, though."
Hearing his unexpected words, Nephis chuckled.
But Sunny was serious. He was not particularly confident, but he also did not think that their chances were close to zero. Both of them were strong, and they were even stronger together. There were his Shadows, and the powerful Memories they possessed. Most importantly, the azure serpent was a mere Beast... no matter how harrowing its power was, it lacked intelligence.
While Sunny was full of all kinds of devious schemes, with Nephis trailing not far behind.
The odds were perilous, but not impossible indeed.
Neph sighed. "Maybe... but maybe we won't need to gamble with our lives. There might not be a need to fight it at all."
He lingered for a while, then nodded.
She was right. Their current goal was to travel downstream, far into the past, and find those humans who had escaped the war between the gods and the daemons by entering the Tomb of Ariel.
The corpse of the Great Monster they were using as shelter, meanwhile, was being slowly dragged in that same direction by the current.
The titanic carcass of the Black Turtle was like a ship that could very well take them all the way to their destination. Since that was the case, there was no reason to battle the azure serpent, or anything at all.
Of course, things could change for the worse at any moment. The future was unclear, and there was no way to tell what would happen.
No... wait... since we are moving downstream, wouldn't it be the past that is unclear? Ah... my head hurts...
Sunny sighed and glanced at Nephis: "What do we do, then? What is our next move?"
She looked up. The seven suns were already starting to drown in the radiant waters of the Great River, and the dawn of the eastern horizon was slowly fading into the pitch blackness of the night.
Nephis lowered her gaze.
 "...It's late. We should probably rest and take another look at the situation in the morning, with fresh eyes. I don't know about you, but I am thoroughly exhausted. I haven't slept in a long while, and the battle between the turtle and the snake took a lot out of me."
Sunny smiled crookedly.
He was tired, too... he had not done anything in the last couple of days except drift through the sky, but as it turned out, doing nothing was very exhausting. Especially when one was suspended between the surface of a mystical river and the sky, having to keep an eye on both lest some terrible creature swallow them whole in one bite.
"Yeah. I'm tired too."
Some time later, the two of them were hidden from the wind and the piercing gaze of the ancient serpent in the familiar fissure on the shell of the dead behemoth. There was a small fire burning between them, casting shadows on the black rock.
The shadows were dancing,
There were not a lot of things on the dark island that could be used as fuel, but Sunny had a few bricks of compressed synthetic firewood stored in the Covetous Coffer. Once again, his loyal alloy chest had come in handy... sadly, it was already almost empty.
Nephis made a dish from some of Sunny's last provisions, and the two of them enjoyed a late supper as the world was slowly consumed by darkness. The soft glow of the water was not visible from inside the fissure, and it seemed as though nothing at all existed outside the small circle illuminated by the fire anymore.
There were no stars in the black sky, and so...
Sunny couldn't help but remember a similar night from many years ago, when Nephis and he had first met on the Forgotten Shore and shared a conversation in the dark.
Gods... almost four years had passed since then, hadn't they?
A small smile appeared on his face.
"Hey... do you remember how you told me about the adventures of Odysseus?"
Nephis looked up from her food and hesitated for a moment. A distant expression appeared on her beautiful face.
"Sure. Why?"
Sunny shook his head and shoved a spoonful of the fragrant, thick soup into his mouth.
"No, nothing. That Odysseus guy... I don't think he had gone through half the crap we had to go through, though..."



Chapter 1250 Death of a Hero
A faint smile appeared on Neph's face. She stared into the fire for a while, then leaned her back against the weathered black rock with a shrug.
"Who can tell? There are a lot of stories about the trials and tribulations he had to endure."
Bathed in the warmth of the fire and with his belly pleasantly full, Sunny felt his body and mind relax. Throwing a curious glance at her, he asked:
"What is your favorite story about that guy, then?"
Nephis remained silent for a while with a look of contemplation on her face, which was cast in shadows, with only its vague silhouette visible in the darkness... and the dancing white sparks that shone in the depths of her eyes.
Eventually, she said:
"Maybe it's not a favorite... but I often think about one of them, in particular."
Sunny raised an eyebrow.
"Which one?"
Neph sighed quietly before answering:
"Odysseus was a great hero of Hellas, but he was not the greatest one. The greatest and most powerful hero was named Heracles, who was a demigod and a slayer of monsters. Heracles possessed incredible strength and performed many incredible feats... after he died, the gods took his soul to the heavenly realm, where he became an immortal god himself."
She grew quiet for a moment.
"However, Odysseus once descended into the underworld, where he saw the shadows of the dead. Among them was the forlorn shadow of Heracles... so, when I was a child, I always wondered how Heracles could both be a god and a lost shadow in the land of the dead."
Nephis shifted slightly and moved her hand, causing the fire to suddenly burn brighter.
"I asked my grandmother, and she explained that one part of Heracles was divine, while another part of him was human. It was the divine part of Heracles that ascended to godhood, while the human part was cast down into the underworld, doomed to wander its dark halls forever."
Her voice was a little wistful.
Sunny frowned and gave her a dark look.
"That's... a little messed up."
Neph smiled.
"Right? I also always thought that it was very unfair, for the gods to simply discard the human part of Heracles. Hypocritical, even."
She lingered for a few moments and shrugged.
"Of course, when I grew older, I realized that it was really just two different versions of the myth colliding with each other. The stories of Odysseus are older, and so Heracles, despite being the greatest of heroes, had a tragic death in those ancient myths. The version of his own stories that we know are newer, and the original ending was changed to a happier one at some point, with the added lesson... be a valiant hero, and you shall be rewarded. Something like that."
When she finished talking, Sunny suddenly chuckled. His eye glinted in the dark.
"So little Neph thought that the gods were hypocrites, huh? I see now... turns out, your disdain for the figures of authority goes very far back."
A corner of her mouth twisted up.
"...I guess it does."
'No wonder she is dead set on killing the Sovereigns and destroying the Spell... this hopeless lunatic was like that from the very start...'
Sunny hesitated for a while, then asked:
"Don't you think that it is a little hypocritical too, though? You are a great figure of authority yourself now, after all. Lady Changing Star of the Immortal Flame, the torchbearer of humanity and the idol of millions of people, both mundane and Awakened. Seems like a contradiction."
Nephis looked at him across the fire with a neutral expression. The sparks of white light in her eyes danced as she answered:
"Humans are contradictory creatures. They can wage genocidal wars in the name of pacifist religions, tell truths to deceive each other. They can even love and hate something... or someone... at the same time."
Looking away, she shrugged and smiled.
"I was a very reasonable child, and I often tried to understand people through reason - to no success whatsoever, of course. It was only after I learned that people are inherently unreasonable that I started to understand them a little. Oh... I am a person too. It's no surprise that I am a bit contradictory as well."
Sunny stared at her silently. After a while, he scoffed:
"Really? Because, let me tell you... I was a very unreasonable child."
 Nephis looked at him in surprise.
"Seriously?"
He nodded energetically.
"Oh, yes. One might even say that I was a bit dumb. Trying to understand things through reason? Couldn't be me... I just learned things through trial and error."
Sunny paused for a moment, and then added somberly:
"Well... mostly error..."
Nephis tilted her head a little, and then suddenly smiled.
"To be honest, I can't really imagine you as a child. I just always imagine you as... you. What were you like?"
He scratched the back of his head with a bit of embarrassment.
"Well... if I remember correctly, I was very gentle and kind. To a fault, even. Do you know how kids would sometimes pull the wings off annoying insects? I would never... in fact, I would cry for a day straight if I accidentally killed a spider or a fly."
His face slowly turned grim.
"Oh, well... that didn't last long, though. So I was mostly a weird and wicked child, I guess. Still, it was better than being soft and naive."
Then, Sunny looked at Nephis in confusion.
"What? Why are you looking at me like that?"
She blinked a couple of times.
"Pulling the wings off insects? What? Is it really a thing children do?"
He coughed.
'Right... I forgot that Neph grew up incredibly sheltered, because of all the assassination attempts. Had she even met someone her age before coming to the Academy?'
Sunny awkwardly looked away.
"Oh... maybe it's just a boy thing. Or an outskirts thing? I don't know, really... not everyone does it. But some kids do. Well, I have no idea... I didn't..."
Neph remained silent for a while, then said thoughtfully:
"Maybe they are playing Awakened and pretending to slay Nightmare Creatures. Yes, that makes sense. Still... it's a bit cruel..."
The conversation had taken a strange turn, and Sunny was feeling a little uncomfortable. The fire was dying down, too.
He cleared his throat.
"Well, anyway. I think it's time we went to bed. I mean, we don't have a bed... beds, I mean beds! So it's time we go... to sleeping bags? Damn it... what I'm trying to say is that you should sleep first. I'll take the first watch, and wake you up later. Alright?"
Neph watched him fumble his words with a strange expression, and then nodded silently.
'What the hell was that... what was I even saying...'
Soon, the fire died, and Sunny was left alone.
Neph was asleep, and he could hear the soft sound of her breathing not too far away. After hesitating for a bit, Sunny summoned Nightmare and ordered him to guard her sleep.
At that moment, the Sin of Solace suddenly said:
"Wow, Sunny. You really have a way with words, huh? A real charmer... I wouldn't say that torturing insects is a very romantic topic of conversation, but other than that..."
Sunny ground his teeth, refusing to look at the pale apparition.
Her knew exactly what the bastard looked like, anyway.
'...Shut up!'



Chapter 1251 Rude Awakening
With Nightmare guarding Sunny's dreams, his sleep was deep and peaceful.
...His awakening, however, was not.
'Wh... what?!'
Sunny woke from feeling the world tilt, and then quake with a violent shudder. He was thrown sideways and collided with the slope of the fissure, feeling the sharp rocks cutting into his skin. Groggy and disoriented, he tried to stand up, but got tangled in the sleeping bag instead.
'Damn it!'
The sleeping bag disintegrated as he tore through it, already summoning the Sin of Solace and the Moonlight Shard.
The world lurched once again, and the deafening roar of water reached his ear.
'What is going on?'
Assessing his surroundings through shadow sense, Sunny did not notice immediate danger. He did, however, notice Nephis - she had climbed out of the fissure and was now standing on its edge, her white tunic and silver hair fluttering in the wind.
Sunny could not see her face, but judging by the lack of weapons in her hands, the situation was not critical.
He let out a relieved sigh, then glanced at the destroyed sleeping bag with regret. Just a moment later, the dark island shuddered again, and a strange tremor ran through the black turtle's stone shell.
At that moment, an obnoxious voice resounded from his left:
"Good morning. Rise and shine!"
Throwing a contemptuous glance at the spirit of the Sin of Solace, Sunny grimaced and pushed himself off the ground. Soaring high into the air, he kicked the slope of the fissure and propelled himself even higher, landing noiselessly near Nephis a moment later.
The seven suns were already rising, and the world was suffused with the golden radiance of dawn.
"What is happening?"
Instead of answering, she pointed her finger at a particular spot off the edge of the island. There, the water was turbulent and foamy, rising in violent waves. The river had washed away most of the blood during the night, but now, it was painted red once again. In fact, the red color was more vivid and intense than ever.
Sunny frowned. The next moment, something large and swift moved beneath the surface of the red water, and the carcass of the Black Turtle quaked again.
'What the...'
As more blood poured into the Great River, there was a strange sound. Soon, the azure serpent's giant head rose from the turbulent water and stared at them with its vicious, cloudy eyes. Streams of red were flowing from its impenetrable scales.
This time, however, there was something different about the great beast - clenched tightly in its harrowing jaws was a huge chunk of red, bleeding meat. Still staring at them with malice, the creature moved its jaw and started chewing it.
Needless to say, the sight was more than a little disturbing.
Standing by Sunny's side, Nephis said:
"It's eating the turtle."
He glanced at her with a strange expression.
"Yeah. I've noticed."
With that, both of them fell silent as they watched the serpent.
...Who was watching them while devouring the meat of the slain Great Monster.
Yesterday, Sunny had struggled with chewing through the tough meat of the Black Turtle, but it was almost melting in the abomination's enormous maw. The jade fangs were painted red as they effortlessly sliced through the bleeding chunk, which was diminishing at an alarming rate.
He couldn't help but shudder when imagining what these fangs would do to his own flesh... no Armor Memory he possessed and no Attribute augmenting his body stood a chance of resisting the fangs of the Great Beast even for a split second. If those jaws closed on Sunny, he would be obliterated in an instant.
Sunny stared at the feasting serpent.
Then, suddenly, a long sigh escaped from his lips.
"You know what? I'm... really damn tired of this."
Nephis looked at him with a silent question.
"Tired of what?"
 Sunny vaguely pointed with his hand.
"It's just... nothing ever goes as it is supposed to, does it? I remember surrendering myself to the cops when I became infected. They told me this and that about how the process of Awakening is supposed to happen. And, I swear to the dead gods... not a single thing they told me to expect ended up coming true."
A darkly exasperated expression appeared on his face.
"My First Nightmare? An Awakened Tyrant appears. The solstice? There's a Fallen Terror blocking the only way out. The Second Nightmare? Here is a couple of immortal Saints I need to kill... oh, and they are completely out of their minds. Really, I went through so many absolutely unreasonable things as an Aspirant, Sleeper, and Awakened."
Sunny rolled his eyes.
"I am a Master now, and instead of fighting Fallen Nightmare Creatures like Masters are supposed to do, there's this Great Beast staring me down. Let's not even mention all the Corrupted abominations I've already killed. Is this what they call suffering from success? If so, I really don't want to be such an overachiever anymore... can't something normal happen, for once?"
Listening to him, Nephis tilted her head a little.
She remained silent for a bit, and then said:
"...You're right. You really had to overcome completely unreasonable things as an Aspirant, Sleeper, Awakened, and Master."
Then, a hint of a smile appeared on her lips, and sparks of white light ignited in her eyes.
"But, Sunny... considering all that, have you thought about... what kind of things you'll have to face as a Saint?"
Sunny's already pale face suddenly became even whiter. A hint of horror appeared in his eyes.
"Oh, gods..."
He shivered.
"You evil... no, no, I don't want to even think about it!"
Smiling, Nephis looked away and concentrated on the azure serpent once again. After a few moments of silence, she said:
"Maybe you should consider this as training, then. In any case... what do you think we should do now?"
Sunny threw a gloomy glance her way and shrugged.
"I'm not sure. The turtle is huge, so even this old snake won't be able to hollow its shell out quickly. I don't think it can overturn the carcass or break through the carapace at this point... but I'm not sure. We should be ready for anything, I guess."
Nephis lingered for a while, and then nodded.
"I agree. Let's wait and see, then."
As the enormous carcass of the Great Monster shuddered once again, they stood side by side and watched silently as the water was slowly saturated with crimson blood.



Chapter 1252 Voyage, Voyage
At first, Sunny and Nephis were tense and fully focused, observing the feasting serpent with grim apprehension and a bit of dread.
But then, slowly...
It got a little boring.
Even though very few people had ever gotten a chance to see a Great Beast devour a Great Monster - or maybe none at all - as it turned out, even such a macabre and awesome spectacle could grow old really fast.
The Black Turtle was just too enormous. Even though the azure serpent was gigantic itself, it still couldn't devour a significant portion of its carcass in a short amount of time, no matter how hard it tried. It would probably take the creature days, or even weeks, to put a dent in the floating corpse of the titanic monster.
Eventually, Sunny and Nephis found themselves sitting side by side on the green moss, looking silently at the Great River.
The two of them made for a striking contrast. Sunny was wearing a tunic of black silk embroidered with silver thread, his hair black as a raven's wing. Nephis was wearing a tunic, too, hers perfectly white and decorated with red accents. Her long silver hair was moving slightly in the wind.
One's eyes were like two pools of unfathomable darkness, the other's were grey, calm, and hid within them a boundless, immolating heat.
Both would have seemed too flawless and beautiful to a mundane human, with perfectly smooth alabaster skin and faces that seemed to have been chiseled from precious stone by a divine sculptor.
Surrounded by the vast expanse of a mystical river and sitting calmly atop the shell of a great monster, wearing no armor and holding no weapons in their hands, they looked like two transient deities that had descended from the heavenly realm to rest on the soft moss and enjoy the breathtaking beauty of this strange world.
...Of course, Sunny had none of these thoughts. Instead, he had an entirely different view of the current situation.
'This is... huh...'
Over the years, he had grown accustomed to being in the company of armor-clad Awakened, heavily armed soldiers, and military vehicles. Looking at the slender silhouette of Nephis's body outlined by the light fabric of her tunic, and the weightless silk of his own Graceless Dusk, he couldn't help but feel a sense of strange incongruity.
They were currently in the most dire predicament of their habitually dire lives. And yet...
'What the hell. We look like we're enjoying a luxury cruise...'
Of course, leisure cruises and getaways on tropical islands had not been a thing since before the Dark Times. Sunny just found the idea amusing after randomly learning about that ancient tradition from Rain, and was reminded of that conversation right now. He knew that being surrounded by great abominations was not exactly one's idea of a relaxing vacation.
However.
The corpse of the Black Turtle was technically floating, so it was like a ship. At the same time, it was large enough to be an island. The food was delicious. The view was to die for.
The company was very nice, too...
If not for the blooded snout of the azure serpent rising above the water from time to time, he would have actually been... quite content.
'Huh?'
Sensing his strange mood, Nephis looked at him and raised an eyebrow.
"You... have that funny look in your eyes..."
Sunny coughed.
"Uh, I was just thinking that this entire situation is weirdly... peaceful? We are on top of a dead Great Monster and there is a Great Beast slowly devouring that monster as it waits for a chance to munch on our souls, and yet... there's nothing to do?"
He scratched his head.
"Let me tell you, the start of my Second Nightmare was nowhere near as relaxing. Plus, this Black Turtle, it's kind of like a ship, isn't it? So... we're relaxing on a ship... I just think it's funny."
Nephis blinked a couple of times, then stared at the black expanse of the Black Turtle's shell.
After a short pause, she said awkwardly:
"Oh. You would know better. I... I actually was never on a real ship."
Sunny tilted his head a little.
'Oh... that's right. She was brought to Antarctica by Whispering Blade. She never sailed across the ocean on an alloy battleship, only flew through the sky aboard the Chain Breaker.'
He chuckled.
"Well, it's not that special. Mostly, you just stay inside and pray that the ship doesn't start splitting around you. Or that something from the outside doesn't come inside to pay you a visit. By the way... both of those things happened to me... so no matter how strange it feels to say, this feels much nicer."
Nephis hesitated for a few moments, then looked away.
 Her voice was even when she said:
"This is much nicer than the start of my Second Nightmare, too. Because I'm... not alone."
Sunny looked at her carefully.
A strange thought surfaced in his mind:
'Was she going to say... something else?'
He suddenly felt tense again.
A lot of very complicated emotions that Sunny had done his best to avoid for a long, long time reared their heads in his heart.
'Was she...'
Luckily - or unfortunately - the azure serpent chose that exact moment to let out a frenzied roar and dive back into the water, sending a huge fountain of it flying into the sky.
It seemed that the old snake had been satiated, by now.
Full of renewed vigor, the serpent started circling the Black Turtle once again, raising its head from time to time to stare at them with deranged eyes.
Sunny sighed.
"This snake just never gives up, does it?"
Nephis silently nodded and then stood up.
Illuminated by the light of the seven suns and outlined against the blue sky, her lithe figure was like a painting.
"But it really can't overturn the carcass or break the shell. We don't need to keep watching it for now."
Sunny raised an eyebrow.
"So then... what should we do?"
She thought for a while, then glanced at the soft carpet of green moss and the mysterious landscape of the dark island.
Eventually, Nephis shrugged.
"...Whatever we want?"



Chapter 1253 Parade of Shadows
After resting for a while, Sunny and Nephis separated. She went off to study the Memories Sir Gilead had transferred to her - there had not been a lot of time to get a proper feel for them in the Nightmare Desert. Sunny, meanwhile, remained sitting on the soft moss with a contemplative expression.
'What to do...'
First, he closed his eyes and sent the five shadows to investigate the dark island. It was somewhere between one and two kilometers across, so there was not a lot of ground to cover. However, the terrain of the giant shell of black rock was weathered and uneven. There were plenty of cracks and fissures, some of them large and easy to notice, others hidden from view. Some were entirely filled with water.
The exploration did not take too long. His shadows did not find anything really interesting, either - there was the weathered rock, the vibrant patches of green moss, and the remains of the creature's battle armor, its silver now tarnished and bleak. Other than that, the dark island was desolate and barren.
What made a deep impression on Sunny, though, were the fissures themselves. At first, he had assumed that they were just natural features of the Great Monster's stone shell... but after some time, with a shiver, he realized that they were not.
Instead, each of the deep grooves was a scar left on the titanic shell of the ancient creature by unknown enemies. None managed to penetrate it, and some were rather shallow - however, some were dark and frighteningly deep.
Considering that even the azure serpent was not able to crack the Black Turtle's carapace, Sunny dreaded to imagine what kind of creatures had left those claw marks on its back.
He looked at the gleaming expanse of the Great River with gloom. Suddenly, the enchanting beauty of this dreamlike world seemed like a facade that hid unspeakable horrors behind its alluring veil.
Of course, Sunny had known that already. But in that moment, he felt it stronger than ever before.
'Beautiful things are the most dangerous.'
Glancing in the direction where Nephis had left, he sighed and stretched his legs.
The shadows returned, and then, three figures rose from them.
Onyx Saint, Nightmare, and Ravenous Fiend.
He silently studied them for a while, thinking. Saint was stoic and indifferent, as always... if he did not know that she was alive, he would have assumed that the graceful and towering figure in front of him was a beautiful statue. Nightmare was staring at the azure serpent, which was circling the island, with dark and malevolent fury burning in his crimson eyes. Imp seemed a little uncomfortable under Sunny's gaze, shifting from foot to foot nervously.
Nightmare was the weakest of the three, but also offered the most utility to Sunny. He didn't necessarily need to use the tenebrous stallion as a battle companion... that said, his steed was very close to unlocking the Terror Ability and finally realizing its full potential. The next Rank was also not far away.
Once Nightmare came into his power as a Terror and Ascended, his power would take a great leap.
Sunny had little means of speeding up that process at the moment, though. It was going to happen when it happened... probably before too long.
Saint, meanwhile, was already incredibly powerful. She was so powerful, in fact, that Sunny had no means of pushing her to greater power anymore. To make the graceful stone knight achieve the Supreme Rank, he would need three hundred Transcended Memories of the First Tier, or six hundred Ascended ones... or one thousand and two hundred Awakened ones.
Needless to say, these numbers were unattainable at the moment.
He didn't even want to count the potential number of Dormant Memories she would need to rank up. Reaching a higher Class, meanwhile, required luck and stumbling on a uniquely suitable enemy - it was outside his control. Saint had already classed up twice, but the rest of his Shadows, excluding the aberrant Soul Serpent, had yet to do it even once. That went to show how rare such opportunities were.
There was one thing Sunny could do right now, though...
Glancing at Saint, he sent Morgan's Warbow and the Stifled Scream her way.
The bow was self-explanatory - he was planning to make Saint the sentry for as long as they remained on the dark island. The Stifled Scream, however, was more tricky.
That charm of his had an enchantment called Echoing Silence. Its description read: "When wearing this charm, the physical power of its master is augmented... but only as long as they remain silent. The longer their silence lasts, uninterrupted, the greater the boon of power they'll receive."
This was a powerful enchantment indeed, and one perfectly suited for the taciturn Shadow. However, he had never managed to get a lot out of it, because there had never been an opportunity to keep Saint summoned for weeks on end.
Right now, however... there was an interesting idea in Sunny's head.
'The physical augmentation the Stifled Scream grows stronger the longer one stays silent. So, it functions in relation to time.'
Weren't they flowing through time, though? Sunny did not know how exactly the distance traveled on the Great River corresponded to time, but he assumed that it was not a small amount. Were they moving one day into the past each day? One month?
One year?
If so, then the augmentation of the Stifled Scream could potentially reach its theoretical limit in no time. That was an outlandish theory, but it was worth checking out, at least.
Satisfied, Sunny turned to Imp.
On paper, the scrawny goblin was on the same level of power as Saint - he was a Transcendent Devil, as well. But in reality, there was an insurmountable gap between them. Imp was just an adolescent as far as Shadows went, after all. He was still on the weaker side, inexperienced, and untrained.
His core physical Attribute, the Lesser Steel Body, had just recently evolved to the Greater Steel Body. Sunny had thought that it would be extremely hard to locate large quantities of metal of higher quality than the body of Sun Prince.
But, as it turned out, he was wrong.
They were currently on top of the Black Turtle's titanic corpse, and that corpse was encased in the remains of similarly titanic battle armor. Surely, the armor deserving of a Great Monster would be made of some truly incredible stuff?
 Looking at the nervous Imp, Sunny grinned and pointed to the nearest jagged chunk of tarnished silver.
"Go, buddy. Gorge yourself. Bon appétit!"
The scrawny goblin tentatively turned to look in the direction he was pointing. A few moments later, its eyes dramatically widened.
"I bet it's going to be a bit tough to chew, bu..."
Before Sunny could finish speaking, Imp was already dashing toward the band of ancient silver with a maddened expression.
He chuckled.
'I guess it smells delicious...'



Chapter 1254 Back to Basics
With Saint standing guard, Nightmare keeping her company, and Imp happily munching on the tarnished silver of the Great Monster's battle armor, Sunny was once again left with nothing much to do.
The seven suns were shining in the three-colored sky. The clear waters of the Great River were flowing as they sparkled in the sunlight. The azure serpent was hungrily circling the dark island, ramming it from time to time to make its wrathful madness known. The Sin of Solace was brooding silently.
A gentle breeze was playing with Sunny's hair.
With a sigh, he swept it back and rose, planning to go find Nephis.
'This is too weird.'
He had expected many situations to arise at the start of the Third Nightmare, but one thing he had not expected was being left with nothing urgent to do.
Walking across the weathered surface of the black rock, Sunny went around a torn band of dull silver, traversed a few patches of moss, and finally laid his eye on Nephis.
She was training.
Holding an unfamiliar longsword, Nephis was practicing a complicated chain of moves, her silver hair dancing in the air. There were beads of sweat on her face, and the hem of the airy tunic was flaring, revealing smooth porcelain skin.
Her movements were limber and flowing, gracefully cascading into each other.
The sight of it was... beautiful.
Neph's swordsmanship was beautiful. And she was beautiful, too.
Illuminated by the dreamlike radiance of the seven suns and dancing with a silvery sword on a carpet of green moss, with her white tunic and alabaster skin, she was like a fairy.
Sunny found himself standing motionlessly in the shadow of a rock outcropping, watching. He had been planning to call out to Nephis, but now... forgetting about it, he silently remained where he was.
Some time passed. Sunny wasn't sure how much exactly.
The island trembled once more.
Eventually, he shifted slightly, as though escaping a reverie, and took a step forward to escape the shadows.
"Hey."
Nephis stopped and leaned on her sword, breathing heavily. Her chest was rising and falling, and her face was slightly flushed. Walking over, Sunny summoned the Endless Spring and offered it to her with a friendly smile.
Accepting the beautiful glass bottle, she sat down and wiped the sweat off her face, then threw her head back and drank greedily.
Sunny glanced at her slender neck and the beads of sweat glistening above the collar of her tunic, which was slightly damp and sticking a little to her body. Then, he looked away.
"Thank you."
After drinking her fill, Nephis returned the Endless Spring to Sunny. He hesitated for a moment, then drank some of the cool, refreshing water himself and sat down near her.
He had completely forgotten what he was going to say.
After a moment or two of peaceful silence, Sunny finally remembered:
"I've been thinking. Currently, the most powerful combatant among us is the Onyx Saint... my Shadow. You must know that she is a Transcendent Devil now. Should something happen, she would be our best bet against the old snake. We should try augmenting her with both of our Aspects, and test just how strong she would become."
They already knew that Nephis was able to share her flames with his Shadows. But the last time they had attempted it was a lifetime ago, in the basement of his home in NQSC.
Saint had been a mere Ascended Demon back then, while Sunny had been an early-stage Devil. Now, she was a Transcendent Devil, and he was a Tyrant. And Nephis... Nephis was a Terror.
She had absorbed a great number of soul shards during the Battle of the Black Skull, and gained the last few in the Nightmare Desert. The situation back then had been too desperate and frenetic to think about it, and honestly...
Sunny didn't really care about competing with her anymore.
All their powers had risen. Perhaps, with the help of shadows and soul flame, Saint would be able to scratch against the level of strength of a Supreme creature. Of course, there was a big problem... as a being whose flesh was akin to stone, she could not swim, and would immediately sink if pushed into the Great River.
Still, it was worth testing.
Nephis nodded.
"Yes... that sounds like a good idea."
She leaned back a little and closed her eyes, enjoying the cool caress of the breeze with a faint smile.
 Sunny watched her silently for a few moments.
Eventually, he said:
"Your swordsmanship has changed."
Neph's favored style was always flowing and unpredictable, but now, it had assumed a strange, almost mystical quality.
Sunny had been a complete novice when they first met. His skill now was incomparable with that of four years ago... he had grown with an explosive, truly astonishing speed.
But Nephis had grown, too.
Perhaps her progress was not quite as stunningly rapid - she did not have the benefit of having an Aspect Legacy to fuel it, after all - but, compared to even the most talented humans, it was still tremendously swift.
Sunny and Nephis had sparred a lot after she returned from the Second Nightmare, but she had been held back by her nascent essence control back then. Now, she had fully come into her power as a Master, and was able to push her skill to entirely new limits... maybe even past them.
Opening her eyes, Nephis smiled.
"I guess it did."
Then, she leaned forward and looked into the distance with a contemplative expression.
"For me... my understanding of swordsmanship went through a transformation after the Ascension."
Sunny raised an eyebrow.
"Sounds serious."
She nodded with a distant look.
"Yes... it was because of learning to control my essence. Awakened possess a rudimentary form of essence control - they broadly enhance their entire bodies with essence, sometimes narrowing the scope down to a particular limb. After learning to do it as easily as breathing, they can become Masters, and naturally transition to a much more targeted, intricate, and efficient manner of using essence."
Her eyes glinted.
"But I've never been an Awakened. I went straight to being a Master. So, learning to control essence was very hard for me... I had to be conscious of every muscle in my body, every tendon, and every bone. It was like learning to walk again."
A corner of Sunny's mouth twitched as he suppressed a smile. He vividly remembered helping her pass these exact obstacles.
Nephis, meanwhile, continued:
"So, I had to go back to basics. Which groups of muscles do I need to enhance to perform the cut in the most efficient and effective way? My hand, my shoulder, my back, my core, my thighs, my calves... everything had to work in harmony to produce the best result. It took a while to become proficient enough in controlling essence to do it right without thinking. And, in the process, I became much more aware of my body. I also got submerged in studying the basics, on a much deeper level than before. Going deeper and deeper."
Sunny looked at her with curiosity.
"How deep are we talking about?"
She smiled, lingered for a moment, and then said:
"Force equals mass times acceleration."
He blinked.
'What?'
"What?"
Sunny had not expected to hear a physics formula. And he only knew that this was a physics formula because Teacher Julius had once thrown a tantrum about his lack of education and forced him to read a bunch of children's schoolbooks.
Nephis smiled.
"That is the basis of swordsmanship - or spearmanship, or any other kind of weapon skill. Fundamentally, it's all about delivering force. The amount of force is dependent on mass and acceleration. Your body is the source of that force, and your weapon is a force multiplier - it concentrates it into a narrow tip, thus making it easier to deliver lethal damage."
She pointed to the sharp tip of her sword.
"Of course, there are more nuances to that. For example, speed does not exist in a vacuum, it is relative to the enemy. Your body also has to borrow from the ground you are standing on. There is balance, centers of gravity, reaction speed... as for the sword itself, there is flexibility, material composition, center of percussion, and so on. There is also soul essence, Memory enchantments, Attributes, and Aspect Abilities to consider."
Sunny was looking at her incredulously, which caused Nephis to shrug in embarrassment.
"Well, anyway. I've been studying the fundamentals - physics, anatomy, Spell studies, and a bit of other stuff - a lot since returning from the Second Nightmare. And slowly incorporating these insights into my swordsmanship. Uh... something like that..."
He tilted his head, a bit dumbfounded.
'That can't be right. How have we gone from "the essence of combat is murder" to "force equals acceleration"?'
So, Nephis had been studying science... to shore up her fundamentals and evolve her swordsmanship? That sounded very strange.
But the result was apparent... she had clearly improved by leaps and bounds since her Ascension.
Sunny shook his head in disbelief, and then threw a pointed look at her.
His voice was incredulous:
"...Care for a spar?"



Chapter 1255 Dancing Spirits
With a faint smile on her face, Nephis nodded and raised her sword, pointing it at him in invitation. Sunny summoned the Sin of Solace and took a stance opposite her. From the Forgotten Shore to the basement of his home in the peaceful terrace district, they had trained with each other numerous times. This simple sequence of actions was as natural for them as breathing.
However, today, there was an awkward pause.
Sunny scratched the back of his head and glanced at the jade jian.
"That... isn't going to work, is it?"
Nephis seemed to have come to a similar conclusion, looking at him sheepishly.
'No, what the hell... since when does she know how to emote? This is just too cute...'
He coughed.
The problem facing them was that both had grown too powerful - and, subsequently, the weapons they used were too powerful, too. The Sin of Solace was a Transcendent Memory of the Fifth Tier, and quite a harrowing one at that. Sunny was not entirely sure what the level of Neph's longsword was, but it had to be quite a menacing weapon, as well, considering that it had come from the soul arsenal of a Saint.
It would be already bad enough if the Sin of Solace damaged or destroyed it. But what if Sunny was not careful enough and scratched Nephis in the process? The curse of madness carried by the jade blade would either crush her mental defenses, or at least put debilitating pressure on her mind for a period of time.
Standing some distance away, the spirit of the jian smiled.
"No, no. Don't worry... I'll be gentle."
However, that smile of his was more than a little bit sinister.
Sunny frowned, then dismissed the jade sword and got lost in thought for a few moments. Eventually, a smile of delight appeared on his lips.
"Let's do this."
The shadows around them suddenly moved and flowed toward him, then slowly formed into two inky black swords. One of them was a fearsome odachi, while the other was an elegant longsword.
The odachi was easy to create - this was one of the shapes Sunny had practiced relentlessly, after all. The longsword was a little bit tricky, since he had never created one before. Nevertheless, he was familiar with it as well, and so managed to produce a passable one with some effort.
One would think that manifesting shadows into a weapon would be easier than shaping them into articulated hands, since weapons were static by nature. However, in reality, shaping a sword was just as complex of a task.
A good sword had to possess certain characteristics to feel right in the hand - weight, balance, flexibility and rigidity, center of percussion that Neph had recently mentioned, and so on. It was especially daunting with something like the odachi, which possessed a flexible edge and a rigid spine.
To improve in that regard, Sunny had even studied a bit of blacksmithing on the network. Back then, Clan Valor had been preventing him from visiting the Dream Realm, so he had a lot of free time.
There were many levels to Shadow Manifestation, and shaping was only the most basic of them. Sunny could also affect the material composition of the manifested shadows, although that demanded a higher essence expenditure. He could manipulate the density of the shadows, for example. He could make them feel like steel or porous limestone.
With some effort, he could even make them slippery or adhesive. In the past, all these internal transformations had been very difficult to achieve, but after inventing Shadow Incarnation, Sunny made a breakthrough in his mastery of Shadow Manifestation as well. Now, it was much easier.
All that was to say...
When Nephis dismissed her longsword and curiously took the shadow weapon from his hand, he secretly held his breath. She weighed the black longsword, then swung it a few times to test how it felt. Then, she nodded in satisfaction.
"That works."
Sunny suppressed a proud smile and raised his odachi.
"Let's begin, then."
Ah, that feeling... he missed it. The Sin of Solace was a piece of art in the form of a jian, but Sunny's heart still lay with blades like this one. Maybe because it was what he had learned swordsmanship with, wielding Midnight Shard on the Forgotten Shore. Not to mention all the fun times he had had as Mongrel in the Dreamscape...
Raising the odachi slightly, Sunny pushed himself forward and attacked.
The two of them were instantly entangled in a breathtaking dance of singing steel. Their swift figures blurred, and soon, nothing but a dark shape and a light shape could be seen, moving across the green moss as they weaved and circled around each other. It was as though two spirits were dancing under the bright light of the radiant suns.
'She really has improved...'
Neph's swordsmanship felt... different. It had always been somewhat ineffable due to her eerie ability to control both the battlefield and the enemy, but now, there was an even more bizarre quality to her graceful skill.
The steps seemed the same. The cadence seemed the same. The offensive and defensive moves seemed the same, as well.
However, these familiar elements were somehow entirely different, and incredibly more dangerous. Her light steps never failed to deliver her into the best possible position to attack. Each strike packed a devastating punch that seemed too extreme even for an Ascended Terror. Her defense was nearly impenetrable, alternating between immovable hardness and inviting softness, which dissipated the force of Sunny's attacks and made him feel as though he was drowning in a bog.
No... he was drowning in her flowing sword.
'How is she so different?'
 It was not as though Sunny did not understand the same principles Neph had spoken about. The relationship between mass, acceleration, and force... he was intimately familiar with it, as well.
After all, Sunny had long incorporated the ability to change his weight at will into his battle skill, so much so that it had become second nature to him. By manipulating how much his body, or various parts of it, weighed on the fly, he was able to enhance the force of his attacks, secure his balance, and even perform seemingly impossible moves by shifting his center of gravity.
By now, it was like an instinct.
He knew a lot about anatomy, too, both from his own training after the Ascension, mastery of Shadow Dance, and learning how to create shadow hands.
Everything that Nephis had mentioned, Sunny studied too. However, as they thought, he understood the difference between them.
It was the difference between an intuitive, instinctual knowledge and a comprehensive, systemic understanding.
And so, even though Sunny could perceive the essence of what Nephis was doing through Shadow Dance, he couldn't repeat it with the same level of insight.
This was different from fighting Morgan. Morgan was supremely skilled, yes, but the main challenge of dueling her was the dire power of her enchanted body and her sharp, killing will.
Nephis was not using any augmentations, and her will was vast and calm as an ocean.
Beneath that indomitable calmness hid the fiery fury of a roaring flame.
It was pure technique, pure insight, pure mastery.
Pure passion.
Sunny frowned, feeling that he, too, was starting to sweat.
Nephis was strong, but he was strong too. Among human swordsmen, he was perhaps one of the strongest.
His mind was clear, his elusive skill was perilously insidious. He was not the same person he had been before. Antarctica had forged him into someone much more steady, powerful, and deadly.
Their duel... was exhilarating.



Chapter 1256 Reaching for the Stars
Sunny and Nephis climbed back into the familiar fissure only after the seven suns plunged into the waters of the Great River. They hungrily consumed the last few ration packs from the Covetous Coffer, and then settled on the weathered rock to sleep.
Saint was standing guard above the fissure, and Nightmare was near to protect their dreams. So, they decided not to alternate and let themselves rest through the whole night.
The world was swiftly enveloped in darkness. The nocturnal glow of the Great River did not reach the depths of the fissure, and there were no stars or the moon in the sky. The world was entirely black, as if they had plunged into an endless void.
Listening to the soft sounds of Neph's breath, Sunny let the sense of fatigue overwhelm him.
He was tired. However, it was not the cruel, chilling exhaustion he had suffered often in the past months... instead, this fatigue was of a satisfying and pleasurable kind. Something he had not felt in a while.
Sunny had learned a lot during their training today. They had practiced together until the sunset, and in the process, both had done their best to make the opponent sweat. He had not held back much, and neither had Nephis.
In the end, Sunny found himself lacking. Even after all this time, she was still like a distant star... one he could see, but never touch. At least in terms of swordsmanship and mastery of battle.
It should have been disheartening, but he found it strangely encouraging instead. Sunny felt as though he had been shown a new horizon... something to strive for, as well as a clear direction to reach for the stars.
He also realized that there were still flaws in his mastery of Shadow Dance. That was a valuable revelation in and of itself... armed with it, he could refine and perfect his formless style, bringing it closer to the next step.
That said... Sunny felt very strange right now.
It was because he had realized that, currently, he was more powerful than Nephis.
Yes, she was a better fighter than him. However, Sunny had so many tools at his disposal. He also had two Transcendent Devils and an Awakened Terror on his side. If the two of them were to battle seriously... he wasn't entirely sure who would be left standing at the end, but he knew that his odds were much higher than hers.
It was a... vast, tumultuous, and deeply unsettling emotion.
What surprised him the most, however, was how weak of a reaction it aroused in him. There had been a time when becoming more powerful than Nephis was all he ever thought about. But now... he felt almost indifferent.
It was what it was. There was no point in racing to the finish line, anyway. That line would not change.
It did not matter which one of them became a Terror first, because sooner or later, both of them would end up as Titans. It did not matter that Sunny was ahead for the first time - her Ascended Ability was not of a kind that added to one's power, that was all.
They were in the same boat, anyway.
Perhaps he could allow himself to feel that way because he was more secure about the Shadow Bond, and the power she held over him. Nephis had proven that she had no intention of ever using it... and he had grown more confident in his ability to make one or both of them die even if she did.
'How romantic...'
He sighed, feeling calm and cozy in the darkness that enveloped them.
After a while, Sunny asked:
"Hey, Neph... are you asleep yet?"
There were few moments of silence before she answered.
"No."
Hidden in the darkness, he grinned.
"...How is the sleeping bag? Is it warm?"
There had been only two sleeping bags in the Covetous Coffer - one that Sunny used in the wilderness, and a spare one. Sadly, he had ripped through one of them when the azure serpent first made the dark island quake, so now, there was only one.
Sunny had chosen to sleep on the weathered rock, relying on the unique qualities of the Marble Shell to keep him comfortable. Luckily, the Great River seemed to have a mild climate, so he was not particularly cold. The fissure protected them from the wind, as well.
So, he had no problem letting Nephis use the only remaining sleeping bag.
However... that didn't mean that he wouldn't tease her about it...
A calm answer came from the darkness.
"Yes, I am warm. It is of high quality."
As the grin froze on Sunny's face, he sighed.
'She's really... too thick to be teased. Damn'
A few moments later, Neph asked:
 "Oh... do you want me to hand it over? It is your sleeping bag... it would only be right for the owner to use it..."
Sunny flinched.
"No, no! Keep it. That's not what I wanted at all."
'Gods, she's hopeless...'
There was a long pause. Then, Neph's voice came from the darkness again:
"Ah! I see. You want to use it together?"
Hearing that, Sunny's entire body shuddered.
"What? No! That's not what I meant at all! Who do you take me for? I was just teasing you!"
Suddenly, he heard a soft chuckle. Turning his head, Sunny saw Neph covering her mouth with a hand. She was suppressing a laugh...
His eyes widened.
'Wait... a reverse tease? I've been played!'
His heart ached. How embarrassing...
He stared at Nephis incredulously for a few moments, then laid down and looked back at the jagged line of the distant black sky. A moment or two later, he suddenly laughed, too.
"This is... this is just too ridiculous..."
Nephis lowered her hand, then asked in an amused tone:
"What is?"
Sunny shrugged.
"I mean... we are sailing a river of an Unholy Titan's blood on the corpse of a Great Monster. Moving back in time. And giggling like children..."
She remained silent for a while before saying in her usual calm tone:
"Yes. It does sound a little ridiculous."
Then, there was a comfortable silence between them.
Sunny looked at the black sky for a while. Soon, a sigh escaped from his lips.
He lingered for a long time, then turned his head to look at her again.
"Neph? Can I ask you something?"
She turned her head to face him, as well, even though she couldn't see anything in the dark.
"Sure."
Sunny hesitated.
But, eventually, he still asked:
"Can you tell me what happened to you in the Second Nightmare?"
A hint of amusement slowly disappeared from her eyes. Her faint smile was erased, as well.
Nephis remained silent for a long time, her expression turning bleak and distant.
Then, she sighed.
"...Okay. I'll tell you."
Her voice sounded strangely forlorn.
Turning away, Nephis looked into the darkness and said:
"In my Second Nightmare, I was a woman made of stone. Like your Shadow, but also different... defective..."