CHAPTER-105
Chapter 105: The Monster Emerging From The Black Mist

The Wang Family Village was located at the border of the Black Mist.
Coincidentally, the largest residence in the village happened to be half-swallowed by the Black Mist.
Half of the house was exposed, and the other half was engulfed by the Black Mist, making it a perfect reference point.
Hearing Xu Rufang’s words, Lian Jie and Simba turned around and looked at the house.
They could clearly see that the house, which was half in and half out of the Black Mist yesterday, was now completely covered by it, with only a corner of the wall visible.
The Black Mist was shrinking.
The official shelter knew about this, but Simba and Lian Jie were unaware of it.
Looking toward the edge of the Black Mist, Simba and Lian Jie were both stunned.
Just as Simba was about to say something, a terrifying roar echoed from within the Black Mist!
The sound was like a mix of a dog and a bear. At first, it sounded low, but upon listening carefully, it was sharp and ear-piercing.
The sudden roar startled Simba and Lian Jie. Before they could react, the Black Mist violently surged!
If the Black Mist was compared to a membrane, then the protruding shape resembled a huge, wolf-like or bear-like face!
This nearly ten-meter-diameter face appeared on the Black Mist, lifting a large chunk of the mist.
However, the Black Mist was indeed resilient.
Despite the struggles and hoarse growls of the giant head, the Black Mist was distorted at most under its pressure, but could not be torn apart.
This scene scared Simba and Lian Jie out of their wits.
Because from the monstrous roar just now and the massive head in front of them, they could easily deduce one fact.
This monster in the Black Mist could easily tear the two of them to pieces.
For a moment, the entire Wang Family Village fell into silence.
Except the ferocious beast which continued to wrestle with the Black Mist.
The roars were endless, just like Simba and Lian Jie’s trembling bodies.
About ten minutes later…
The surge quickly receded.
That giant beast might have sensed that it could not do anything to the Black Mist and left reluctantly.
Another five minutes passed.
Simba and Lian Jie both heaved a sigh of relief.
Their eyes met, and as they exchanged glances, both of them looked troubled.
They seemed to converse through their expressions.
Lian Jie, “Bro, what’s going on?”
Simba, “I don’t know either…”
Lian Jie, “But Bro, do you have the feeling that even though we’re far enough from that monster, it’s not as safe here as we imagined?”
Simba, “Little bro, you’re right…”
Lian Jie, “Bro, what should we do?”
Simba,”…”
“You’re asking me, but who should I ask?”
In a daze, Simba felt overwhelming sadness.
In such a vast place like Nanxiang City, Simba could not help feeling that there was nowhere safe for him.
There were monsters in the city center.
There were monsters at the edge of the Black Mist.
It wanted to ask the heavens above, where it should hide to get a trace of security?
Scanning the Black Mist from the corner of his eye, Simba suddenly froze.
Because it saw a small dot of light suddenly flash above the Black Mist.
At first, the light spot was not very noticeable, but as Simba was staring, it quickly elongated.
It was like someone poking an awl into a piece of paper.
Then, pulling the awl up…
There was a crisp tearing sound.
A crack nearly three meters long and one meter wide appeared on the Black Mist.
Through the crack, Simba could clearly see the scene on the other side of the Black Mist.
It was a cluster of huge eyeballs emitting green light!
“Ao!” There was a sharp cry.
Simba screamed.
The sound aroused the creatures in the Black Mist.
A series of roars came from within the Black Mist.
Accompanied by the sounds of intense footsteps, one after another, the monsters crawled out of the crack, charging towards Simba like wolves and tigers!
As they got closer, Simba could clearly see the true appearance of these monsters.
They had the same head as the monster that tore the Black Mist, but much smaller.
Their heads were round, resembling a mix of a wolf and a bear.
The monster that tore the Black Mist had a head with a diameter of about ten meters, while the heads of these monsters were only half a meter in diameter they might have a relationship like the ancestor and his grandchildren.
Correspondingly, their bodies were “not too big”.
They were slightly larger than well-developed adult male lions.
These monsters had blackish-gray skin covered in short, tough fur. They had six strong limbs on their bellies, making them more agile and faster than ordinary lions and tigers.
And stronger!
Dozens of these six-legged wolf-bears charged forward, causing the ground to tremble.
Low and sharp roars rechoed, making Simba’s heart tremble in fear!
“Charge! Everyone, attack them!”
Simba shouted, commanding his lackeys to block the six-legged wolf bears, while he retreated with Lian Jie.
But the zombies did not care about the six-legged wolf bears.
Hearing their boss’s command, a few Tyrants rushed forward with their lackeys and quickly collided with the six-legged wolf bears.
In an instant, there were countless zombies tumbling and falling.
Simba’s eyes widened, and his body was trembling all over as he watched the scene unfolding before him…
What happened next…
In an instant, dozens of bloody paths were plowed through the thousands of zombies.
One could see: a Tier 3 zombie, a Tyrant, colliding head-on with a six-legged wolf bear.
However, the Tyrant, known for its strength, was instantly knocked down by the six-legged wolf bear. The six-legged wolf bear opened its mouth and with a forceful bite, the enormous head was sent flying into the sky!
“Tier 4!”
Yes, Tier 4!
Each of these six-legged wolf bears had the strength of a Tier 4!
After a brief moment of daze, Simba immediately made a decision.
“Run! Run quickly!”
“Strategic shift! Quick!”
Simba felt its heart bleeding as it ran with Lian Jie.
It could not help but want to roar at the sky and question the heavens, ‘Why was I always the one getting injured? Why was I always the one running away?!’
Simba’s reaction was indeed quick.
It was precisely because of his quick reaction and cautiousness that Simba managed to escape death from several life-threatening situations.
But there are two sides to everything.
Running away as soon as things looked bad was a safety measure, but it also meant that Simba could not gather much information.
For instance, Simba did not know that Lu Ming would not venture too far from home, nor that he would pursue it.
Simba also did not know that shortly after it escaped, the crack in the Black Mist was slowly closing up.
One creature after another, the young six-legged wolf-bears emerged from the black mist.
However, at a certain moment, as the crack shrank, no monster could walk out of the Black Mist.
This short-lived change happened quickly, and it ended just as fast.
However, about 200 six-legged wolf bears had already successfully crossed over the boundary.
Wang Family Village.
Faced with around 200 Level 4 creatures, Simba’s zombie horde had no chance of resisting.
One after another, the zombies were crushed and slaughtered en masse.
This one-sided massacre continued until the death of the last zombie, with chaotic beastly roars echoing all around.
After declaring the victory of their race, these six-legged wolf bears lowered their heads like hungry ghosts and greedily devoured the rotting flesh of the zombies.
They seemed to have been hungry for a long time, as they ate with lightning speed and left nothing behind.
When the last trace of flesh was consumed, the 200 plus six-legged wolf-bears dispersed in groups of three or two and ran away in all directions.
Similarly, no one knew that what happened in the Wang Family Village today was not an isolated incident.
At another edge of the other Black Mist, a crack of similar size opened on the Black Mist. In just ten minutes, hundreds of black birds with a wingspan of nearly five meters squeezed out of the crack.
At another edge of the Black Mist, a peculiar zombie with a green body staggered and crossed the boundary.
In another crack…
Dozens of cracks opened at the same time and closed up in almost the same short time.
And just after the cracks closed up completely, the speed at which the Black Mist shrank suddenly increased by several times!


CHAPTER-106
Chapter 106: Meat!

Day 103 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Thursday.
Nothing happened. There were no zombies or lunatics. It was a beautiful and fulfilling day.
Friday, Day 104 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Friday.
After his afternoon nap, Lu Ming went up the tower to look for zombies from a high vantage point, preparing to farm long-range skill proficiency.
However, he suddenly saw a black shadow rapidly flying towards him from the horizon.
His super eyesight allowed Lu Ming to see the full appearance of the black shadow.
A… huge raven?
Its wingspan was nearly five meters, and it had a pair of green eyes. Black feathers covered its body, and it looked like a super-large version of a raven.
This made Lu Ming frown.
“That shouldn’t be the case.”
Huo Sheng had a study on the adaptability of animals to the mystery factor.
It had been proven that animals and plants would not mutate due to infections by the Mystery Factor—they would not become zombies or Awakened ones.
The mystery factor seemed to only target humans and exclude animals and plants.
This made the appearance of the huge raven rather unscientific.
It was very sharp.
Lu Ming’s observation tower was quite conspicuous, Coupled with the fact that Lu Ming had been staring at it for a long time, the huge raven seemed to have sensed Lu Ming’s presence.
The raven let out a long cry.
The big crow turned its gaze to Lu Ming. Then, it flapped its wings, soaring towards him like an arrow.
“Hmm? It’s hostile?”
Lu Ming was tense.
Then, he took out a two-meter heavy sniper rifle from under his feet.
Lu Ming liked small animals.
But it was only limited to small animals.
In other words, Lu Ming kept his distance from any animals that could potentially harm him—even cats and dogs.
The current size of this huge bird clearly exceeded the category of small animals, and its hostility had already been revealed. There was no room for negotiation.not small.
Coupled with the fact that its hostility had already been revealed. There was no room for negotiation.
He aimed and pulled the trigger.
With a Lv25 firearms skill, Lu Ming was able to hit wherever he aimed.
With a loud “boom”, the powerful recoil fell on Lu Ming, but it could not shake his strong body in the slightest.
On the other hand, the huge bird that was rushing over had its head hit like it was struck by a heavy hammer.
With a “snap”, the huge bird’s head exploded on the spot. Its body continued to fly forward with inertia. It even flapped its wings twice before gliding down like a falling aircraft and crashing not far from Good Hope Village.
The power of firearms had proven reliable so far, provided they did not encounter those freaks with extremely strong recovery abilities.
This incident was insignificant to Lu Ming.
After dealing with the strange bird, Lu Ming carried the heavy sniper rifle and continued searching for something that he could shoot.
However, the loud explosion when the strange bird crashed to the ground caught the attention of the people in Good Hope Village.
“What was that?”
The explosion made Li Zitong shudder. He turned around to search, but he found nothing.
It was Zhao Honglei who said, “A strange bird, shot dead by Brother Lu.”
He had taken a good look at it.
Pointing in the direction where the bird had fallen, Zhao Honglei made a rough estimate and said, “I’ll go and fetch the carcass of that thing.
Li Zitong immediately nodded.
Zhao Honglei had the Stealth superpower to conceal himself. After he had become a Level 3 Awakened a few days ago, the effect of concealment had become more and more outstanding.
No one was more suitable to go out than Zhao Honglei.
Picking up a spear, Zhao Honglei strode out of the gathering place. About twenty minutes later, Zhao Honglei returned, carrying the strange bird’s carcass, the size of a small hill.
Placing the carcass on the ground with a heavy rumble, Zhao Honglei stretched his sore shoulder and said, “Brother Lu had killed another strange creature.”
On one side, Zhao Honglei marveled at the giant size of the strange bird.
On the other side, Li Zitong’s eyes lit up.
He circled around the strange bird’s carcass, left and right. After a long while, he asked softly with a strange expression, “Uncle Honglei, do you think this thing can be eaten?”
His words rendered Zhao Honglei speechless.
After a moment, he said uncertainly, “I guess… we can.”
The Guangping Street gathering place was a democratic community.
Here, other than Lu Ming, even Awakened ones did not receive much special treatment—maybe just better accommodations, but when it came to food, everyone shared from the same pot.
Although supplies were not lacking here, with the apocalypse, supplies would definitely be scarcer than before.
As a result, Li Zitong and Zhao Honglei had not tasted meat for a while.
At this moment, looking at the strange bird…
It seemed like it might be edible.
Of course, both Li Zitong and Zhao Honglei were not reckless people, as they knew the rules of the shelters.
Necessary inspections were still required.
Lu Ming did not pay much attention to these things.
It was not until dinner time when Lu Ming entered the dining hall and saw the table that his eyebrows furrowed immediately!
There were only three barrels of rice and five plates of vegetables…
How was this enough to eat?
But Lu Ming was not the type to casually blame others.
He glanced at the smiling Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan, then sat at the dining table and picked up his chopsticks.
“Chicken?”
“Um, chicken.”
“Aren’t we running low on food?”
“We still have enough.”
Since they had enough, why make so little?
Lu Ming wanted to ask, but he did not. He just ate a mouthful of rice and picked up a piece of chicken meat.
Just as he held the chicken meat, Lu Ming immediately noticed something different.
Ordinary chicken meat would be easily snapped in half when held like this, but this time, the chicken meat felt particularly tenacious and resilient.
Raising his eyebrows, Lu Ming put the chicken meat into his mouth.
A faint sweetness and firm texture instantly exploded on his taste buds.
“Mm—”
He chewed it for a full 20 times before swallowing the meat.
In the next moment, Lu Ming immediately felt a surge of energy.
“This isn’t ordinary meat.”
It was not just about the different tastes.
The energy contained within was different.
As Lu Ming’s physique grew, his digestive capacity had also greatly improved. Normally, the meager energy contained in ordinary food would just be quickly absorbed and converted into calories to sustain Lu Ming’s muscles.
That was the fundamental reason why Lu Ming had to eat for nearly an hour each meal—the energy contained in ordinary food was really too little.
It was not an exaggeration to say that Lu Ming’s daily meals were actually maintained at a half-full, half-hungry state.
It was not because of insufficient supplies.
If he wanted to be completely full, Lu Ming might have to eat non-stop for 24 hours a day.
But the meat he ate this time was completely different from before!
Just a piece of meat, and Lu Ming felt that annoying feeling of hunger quickly disappearing. His body felt as if it had been thirsty for a long time and finally received sweet nectar, and his spirit was instantly invigorated.
Compared to this sense of satisfaction, the taste was just a minor detail.
“What kind of meat is this?”
As he took another bite of meat, Lu Ming immediately understood why there were few dishes today.
His discontent from a moment ago vanished instantly as he looked at the smiling Zhang Chengcheng, and asked her.
Zhang Chengcheng covered her mouth and smiled, “It’s the meat of that big bird.”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and nodded in understanding.
“Good bird, good meat!”


CHAPTER-107
Chapter 107: Visiting Dragon Mountain

Unusually, the dining time today took less than twenty minutes.
Lu Ming ate three bowls of rice and a pot of bird meat.
In terms of quantity, his appetite was equivalent to that of a small capacity eater among ordinary people, far from the level of most mukbang streamers.
This demonstrated how rich in energy the bird meat was.
After the meal, Lu Ming sighed while cleaning his teeth.
“That bird isn’t small…”
Zhang Chengcheng chuckled, “Indeed, Zhang Lixin removed over 2 tons of meat from it.”
Lu Ming nodded slightly, “Let everyone have a taste of it and store the rest properly.”
Lu Ming did not know if that big bird was a one-time occurrence or if there were more of them. Either way, he couldn’t let such valuable things go to waste.
Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan immediately agreed, and Zhang Chengcheng continued,
“Meng Jie examined the carcass of the strange bird earlier. Its physical strength is quite astonishing, even comparable to a Level 4 Awakened.”
“At the same time, it was Uncle Hong Lei who brought back the carcass of this strange bird. He also checked around the area and found that there didn’t seem to be any zombie crystals inside its head. Of course, it’s also possible that the zombie crystals were knocked out by you and couldn’t be found.”
“Meng Jie also mentioned that this strange bird looks like a crow, but it’s entirely different from a crow. She named this strange bird an ’Exotic Beast.'”
Exotic beasts were different from ordinary wild beasts.
They were stronger and comparable to Awakened individuals.
For Lu Ming, he was not particularly interested in these research-related matters.
He was more concerned about another question.
“Where did this thing come from?”
Exotic beast meat was good stuff.
So Lu Ming wanted more of it.
On this matter, Zhang Chengcheng could only hold out her hands helplessly, as Meng Jie did not know either.
Meng Jie naturally did not know the source of Exotic Beasts.
However, unlike Lu Ming’s “if you can’t figure it out, don’t think about it” mindset, Meng Jie, as a researcher, knew how to think divergently and explore possibilities.
In the research lab, surrounded by equipment, Meng Jie held the black bird’s feathers and nails, examining them carefully.
As a biologist, Meng Jie was certain that the exotic beast black bird could not have evolved from existing bird species. So, where the Exotic Beast came from became a big question.
It was not just a matter of food supply; safety was also a concern.
The Exotic Beast black bird had the strength of a Level 4. It did not seem to be a threat, but Meng Jie detected signs of them forming a group—once thousands of black birds attacked…
That scene…
Well, they would probably be shot in the head by Lu Ming’s slingshots one by one.
Shaking her head, Meng Jie dispelled the vivid images in her mind.
“No, that’s not important.”
“What if a stronger exotic beast appears? What if there are Exotic Beasts that even Lu Ming can’t handle?”
Thinking of this, Meng Jie wasted no time and immediately left, and drove to the official shelter.
This matter needed to be reported to Hao Sheng as soon as possible.
That night, Huo Sheng already knew about the appearance of the Exotic Beasts.
After sending Meng Jie off, Huo Sheng stood in the laboratory and let his imagination run wild.
After a while, Huo Sheng sighed.
“It’s getting more and more complicated.”
Huo Sheng had the feeling that the more he knew, the more ignorant he felt.
Initially, the apocalypse was very simple—humans, Awakened, and zombies.
Although there were also the Holy Tower and the Black ATist at that time, he did not understand and thus, paid no attention to them.
Unlike now…
The worried Huo Shengcheng sighed and pondered the issue of Exotic Beasts.
“Meng Jie’s conclusion is probably correct. But if the black bird Exotic Beast didn’t evolve from existing bird species, then where did they come from?”
A term suddenly popped into his mind.
“The Black Mist Zone.”
“They must have come out from the Black Mist Zone.”
The more he thought about it, the more Huo Sheng felt that this was the case.
However, as a researcher, speculation was unacceptable. Even if it was a logical guess, it was still a guess, and not a fact.
However, Huo Sheng had a way to verify his guess.
“Dragon Mountain Hidden Cultivators Society.”
Chang Yi had obtained many secrets from the Dragon Mountain Hidden Cultivators Society. From the looks of it, this Dragon Mountain Hidden Cultivators Society must have its own exclusive information channels that were even more powerful than the official ones.
Perhaps they knew the source of the Exotic Beasts?
In fact, ever since Eileen mentioned the Dragon Mountain Hidden Cultivators Society, Huo Sheng had the idea of exploring it. However, the popularization of the Basic Breathing Technique was very important. Huo Sheng was busy, so the priority of the Dragon Mountain Hidden Cultivators Society was pushed back.
But now, things were different.
Day 105 of the apocalypse calendar, Saturday.
Early in the morning, the Black Mist Exploration Team, which was in seclusion to level up, received orders from their superiors.
Protect Gao Junyi on a diplomatic mission to Dragon Mountain, find the Dragon Mountain Hidden Cultivators Society, and establish friendly and cooperative relationships with them, if possible.
Lu Ming had just finished his usual morning exercise when he saw three military vehicles rumbling out of the Guangping Street Shelter.
“Looks like Bai Tianyu and the others are preparing to explore the Black Mist Zone.”
Lu Ming concluded in his mind and then pushed the matter aside.
Rather than trying to figure out what others were doing, he’d better pay attention to his own lunch.
Today’s lunch was also Black Bird meat—Lu Ming was looking forward to it.
During the day, Bai Tianyu and the others left Good Hope Village, which was equivalent to entering a dangerous area.
However, the so-called dangerous area was actually not that dangerous.
Lu Ming’s observation tower had now been raised to about 250 meters, a height that was already top-notch in Nanxiang, excluding the Holy Tower.
Being at such a high vantage point allowed Lu Ming to have an extremely vast shooting range—there were no large-scale hordes of zombies within a distance of over ten kilometers from Good Hope Village.
Initially, Bai Tianyu and the others made good progress, but as they left Lu Ming’s shooting range, they encountered more zombies.
This was not a big deal to Bai Tianyu.
As a Level 4 Awakened with the Blood Boiling superpower, Bai Tianyu could unleash a Level 5 combat power. Although he was still inferior to Chang Yi, he was still considered top-notch in Nanxiang.
They proceeded without being overly cautious, but they also could not be considered reckless.
In short, It was a journey with some surprises but no real dangers.
An entire day and night passed.
On Sunday, the 106th day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Bai Tianyu and the others safely arrived at the foot of Dragon Mountain.
Dragon Mountain was located in the suburbs of Nanxiang.
Before the apocalypse, it was a small tourist attraction.
The mountain was not tall, with its highest peak only reaching about 300 meters. There was a small People’s Park halfway up the mountain, and at the mountain’s summit stood a small temple.
That was the entirety of Dragon Mountain.
Hence, it could only be considered a small tourist attraction for nearby residents to take a stroll after their meals.
This meant that there were not many visitors here before the apocalypse.
It also meant that there were not many zombies in this area after the apocalypse.
Along the mountain path, the group of eleven carefully ascended the mountain. Along the way, they could see some signs of human activity, but they had not come across any cultivated farmland.
“Seems like there’s no one here.”
A young warrior in the team muttered.
If there were people, there would surely be fields. The vicinity of Dragon Mountain was relatively desolate, so there were not many readily available resources. If they did not farm, there would be no food, which meant no conditions for survivors to live.
Hearing this, Gao Junyi smiled and said,
“Now that you mention it, i roughly know where this Dragon Mountain Hidden Cultivators Society is.”
He suddenly took the lead and turned into a small path up the mountain, talking as he walked.
“This place has no farmland, but that doesn’t mean there’s no food.”
“I remember that there seems to be a national strategic reserve warehouse on Dragon Mountain. I wonder how things are over there now.”
As a former high-ranking official in Nanxiang before the apocalypse, Gao Junyi knew this place very well..


CHAPTER-108
Chapter 108: The Survivors of Dragon Mountain

The strategic reserve warehouse was located deep inside Dragon Mountain.
This kind of place was unknown to ordinary people; only those in special positions had a faint idea of its existence.
Originally, the supplies reserve warehouse of Dragon Mountain was sealed by a large iron gate. However, when Gao Junyi, Bai Tianyu, and the others arrived, they saw that the large iron gate had been forcefully broken open, revealing a deep tunnel inside.supplies reserve warehouse
There were people at the entrance, two vigilant male survivors.
When they saw Gao Junyi and the others, one of them immediately retreated into the tunnel, while the other stayed far away and gestured for them to stop.
Gao Junyi raised his hands high and signaled Bai Tianyu and the others to stop. He walked forward slowly, saying, “Brother, we’re from the official side. We don’t have any ill intentions and don’t want anything from you. We just wanted to ask if you need our help.”
His gentle tone and chubby face, coupled with the fact that it was unclear if his official identity was real or fake, could indeed lower others’ guard.
Gao Junyi made the man look much more relaxed.
The man said, “Well, you’ll have to wait until our Sister Rose arrives. Is that okay?”
Gao Junyi smiled and nodded, “Sure, can we wait here?”
Five minutes later, a group of people walked out of the tunnel.
At the forefront was a woman with short hair, looking heroic and spirited.
The woman was under thirty, dressed in a sleeveless white vest and jeans.
This attire perfectly accentuated the woman’s curvaceous figure.
What was even more eye-catching was the tattoo on her arm—a large tattoo that seemed to cover the woman’s upper body, and a corner of the tattoo on her exposed arm depicted several deep red roses.
“No wonder he called her Sister Rose.”
As Gao Junyi thought of this, the smile on his face widened.
This was because he could tell that this woman was likely the leader here. From Sister Rose’s spirited appearance, this person must be a rather powerful
Awakened!
“Hello, hello.”
Gao Junyi smiled as he slowly walked forward. Before he could introduce himself, Sister Rose’s voice rang out, “I know you, Mayor Gao, right?”
“Yes, yes, that’s right.”
Gao Junyi appeared frequently on the local news broadcasts before the apocalypse, so it was not strange for Sister Rose to recognize him.
“So all of you are officials?”
Rose Sister asked, crossing her arms and sizing up Gao Junyi while glancing at Bai Tianyu and the others behind him.
This was a somewhat impolite gesture but Gao Junyi did not mind. As a politician, he naturally had to be willing to give up his dignity.
“Yes.”
Sister Rose’s expression turned serious as she pointed behind her.
“Theoretically speaking, this place should be the country’s strategic supplies reserves warehouse. Now that I’ve taken over this place, what does the official side think?”
Gao Junyi’s expression was also serious, “According to the national emergency evacuation principle, there’s nothing wrong with what you’ve done here. I can represent the official side to give Sister Rose a definite answer: We’re really not here for the supplies inside.”
Sister Rose’s expression instantly eased.
As a Level 4 Awakened herself, with nearly ten Level 2 and Level 3 Awakened under her, without this warehouse of supplies, just finding food would be very tough for them.
At this moment, Gao Junyi’s words instantly removed any potential irreconcilable conflict between the two sides—as long as you don’t touch my food, I acknowledge your official identity!
If you touch my food, we’ll have to settle it another way…
In short, the initial contact was quite smooth.
Sister Rose’s demeanor changed from sarcastic to friendly, and she smiled and said, “Then let’s come in and talk? By the way, you haven’t had lunch, right?”
Gao Junyi smiled and rubbed his stomach, “Then we won’t stand on ceremony.”
The stockpile of supplies in the strategic reserve warehouse was astonishing.
They walked nearly a hundred meters through the tunnel before reaching the heart of the warehouse.
Sister Rose did not let Gao Junyi and the others see the stored supplies, to avoid causing envy or any additional trouble.
She led everyone all the way to the cafeteria.
The cafeteria was brightly lit—there was an independent power supply.
As Gao Junyi, Bai Tianyu, and the others sat down, Sister Rose took the opportunity to sit at the head of the table.
Gao Junyi began to liven up the atmosphere.
And soon, he broke the ice.
The dishes were served very soon—steamed buns, wild vegetables, and some vacuum-packed cooked food.
In the apocalypse, this was already a decent meal.
However, everyone refrained from eating too much—because it was very easy to gauge an Awakened one’s level from his appetite. At the moment, they had yet to discuss more specific matters, so it was not wise to reveal their strength prematurely.
When they were almost done eating and drinking, Gao Junyi wiped his mouth and kept beating around the bush without getting to the point. This made Sister Rose sigh softly, “Mayor Gao must have come to me for something, right? Let’s not keep me in suspense. I’m a straightforward person. 1 hope Mayor Gao can get to the point.”
Gao Junyi chuckled, “Then I’ll be frank. I came here for someone.”
Sister Rose frowned and seemed very nervous, “Who is it?!”
From the corner of his eye, Gao Junyi could see that the few residents accompanying her also showed a hint of nervousness.
This made his heart skip a beat, but he maintained his composure, and said, “Chang Yi.”
The nervousness on everyone’s faces immediately eased, “Chang Yi, this lunatic isn’t dead yet?”
“Ha, pfft.”
Another burly man spat on the ground in disgust, apparently repulsed by the person named Chang Yi.
His various acts did not seem fake, and Gao Junyi immediately knew what was going on.
He continued, “Chang Yi, that lunatic, is already dead.”
Duan Mei’s eyes narrowed as she heard Gao Junyi continue, “Chang Yi wanted to take over our official shelter, but he was crushed to death by the strongest person on our side.” As he spoke, he stretched out his hand and made a pinching gesture, “It was like crushing an ant.”
Before the people of Dragon Mountain could react, Gao Junyi added, “Oh right, Chang Yi was already Level 5 at that time. Before his death, he said he was guided to the Black Mist to achieve an advancement by an organization called the Dragon Mountain Hidden Cultivators Society. So we came here to take a look.”
After saying that, Gao Junyi narrowed his eyes and said, “I’m here for this purpose.”
Gao Junyi was well-versed in using both soft and hard tactics.
He started with the soft approach to dispel their guards.
After confirming that they had no feelings towards Chang Yi, he decided to tell them the truth and give them a little shock about Brother Lu.
With this dual approach, Gao Junyi had effectively taken the initiative in the conversation.
Duan Mei and the others had indeed been manipulated.
Because Chang Yi had indeed been here.
And they were well aware of Chang Yi’s uniqueness.
A Level 4 Chang Yi was already very difficult to deal with. Thinking back to the power struggles at that time, all the survivors of Dragon Mountain present had lingering fear – at that time, one wrong move and this place would have been destroyed.
Yet, the official side claimed that Chang Yi had successfully advanced to Level 5, but was still under their control. This display of power was something Dragon Mountain could not contend with.
After a long silence, Duan Mei let out a long sigh.
“What do you want to know?”


CHAPTER-109
Chapter 109: The Child

Things were progressing quite smoothly.
Even more smoothly than Gao Junyi had estimated.
He had initially thought that this Dragon Mountain Hidden Cultivators Society was a tough nut to crack, but it turned out to be just a group of survivors with some secrets.
Thinking about it, it made sense. The official side had advanced weapons, manpower, and resources, yet their progress was still difficult. Dragon Mountain, without such resources, could only develop to a limited extent even if they had some secrets.
For a place with nearly a hundred Awakened individuals, having a Level 4 Awakened among them was already impressive…
“So, Dragon Mountain Hidden Cultivators Society is referring to you guys?”
When Gao Junyi mentioned this, an embarrassed expression appeared on Duan Mei’s face.
After thinking for a moment, she said, “It’s indeed us, but the name Dragon Mountain Hidden Cultivators Society was just something we made up to fool Chang Yi. Chang Yi is a lunatic and a little Chuunibyou. So we came up with a high-sounding name to make him slightly wary.”
Gao Junyi smiled and said, “Clever, very clever!”
Being overbearing would not do; giving the other side appropriate praise would help to improve their relationship and ease the atmosphere, facilitating a smooth conversation.
“Now, let’s talk about the intel. Chang Yi said that you know a lot of things. Can 1 ask, where do you get this intel from?”
Once again, Duan Mei fell silent.
It was obvious that she did not want to answer this question.
Gao Junyi calmly sipped his tea, not pressing her.
The situation had already become simple to the point that this Dragon Mountain survivor base was within his grasp. He would eventually get the information he wanted, so there was no need to rush and risk making the atmosphere tense.
After a long time, Duan Mei shook her head slightly, “I’m sorry, 1 can’t tell you this for now.”
Gao Junyi’s tone was gentle, “May I ask why?”
“I can’t be sure if you’re really from the official side.”
“Even if you are, I can’t be sure if the current officials are good or bad, or whether they can be trusted.”
Gao Junyi nodded in understanding, “How about this? You, or someone you trust, can come with us back to our base. We can get to know each other better, and then we can…”
Just as Gao Junyi was proposing his plan, footsteps suddenly came from the corridor.
Before the person arrived, the voice came first!
“Sister, Sister Rose! Something bad has happened!”
Everyone turned to look at the source of the voice and saw the gatekeeper rushing into the cafeteria breathlessly. He said anxiously, “There’s a monster! Outside… there’s a monster!”
Everyone looked disturbed.
At the foot of Dragon Mountain.
A gigantic humanoid creature, dozens of meters tall, was slowly approaching the Dragon Mountain gathering point.
Behind the monster, more than a dozen six-legged wolf bears resembling jackal hounds, followed closely.
The giant was simply too tall and too conspicuous.
As a result, it had been spotted by the survivors at the Dragon Mountain gathering point before it even reached the mountain..
At the mountaintop, Gao Junyi, Bai Tianyu, Duan Mei, and the others gazed into the distance. As they watched the giant monster approaching step by step, their eyes started twitching.
“What is that thing?”
Gao Junyi could not help but ask.
Beside him, Bai Tianyu stared at the giant monster for a long time before speaking slowly, each word enunciated carefully, “A zombie.”
“Level 5, Mutated zombie.”
With the vision of a Level 4 Awakened, Bai Tianyu could easily see the full appearance of the mutated zombie.
It was 50 meters tall and had two huge arms that reached its knees.
There was no skin on his body, and what was exposed was pink muscle tissue.
Its bloody mouth was filled with sharp fangs, and its eyes were larger than human eyes, with pure white eyeballs that resembled cataracts.
There was no intelligence or light in those eyes, which allowed him to deduce that this creature was an evolved Tank, not an evolved Devourer!
Just as Bai Tianyu was about to say something, Duan Mei, who was beside him, spoke.
“Flesh Mountain. This Level 5 zombie is called Flesh Mountain…”
She seemed to have some understanding of the Flesh Mountain, which was not unexpected.
Gao Junyi and Bai Tianyu quickly turned their attention to Duan Mei and heard her continue, “This thing doesn’t have any special abilities, but just its size alone makes it difficult to deal with.”
On the side, Gao Junyi took the opportunity to chime in, “This… Why would a Level 5 zombie appear in Nanxiang City? Although the evolution speed of zombies is indeed faster than that of Awakened, it shouldn’t be so much faster, right?”
In fact, Gao Junyi and Bai Tianyu had their own speculations about where Flesh Mountain came from—before they came here, Huo Sheng had told them about the possibility of monsters crossing over from the Black Mist zone.
At this moment, most of Gao Junyi’s words were to get Duan Mei to talk.
As expected, Duan Mei knew everything about this matter!
“This thing came from the Black Mist.”
“The black Mist’s blockade will no longer be stable after a hundred days. After a hundred days, more and more monsters will walk out of the Black Mist. At the same time, the Black Mist will shrink faster. Before long, the Black Mist Zone will envelop the entire Nanxiang City.”
Gao Junyi narrowed his eyes and looked at the Flesh Mountain, and quickly said, “Let’s put that aside for now. This Flesh Mountain seems to be coming for us. 1 wonder if Sister Rose has a good way to deal with it?”
After a moment of silence, Duan Mei nodded and said, “Yes!”
“What is the plan?”
“Run!”
Bai Tianyu,”….”
Before Gao Junyi and Bai Tianyu could say anything, Duan Mei had already turned to look at Gao Junyi.
“Mayor Gao, you mentioned before that you have a way to deal with Level 5 creatures, right?”
Level 5 Chang Yi had died in the official shelter. This was what Gao Junyi had said himself.
Gao Junyi nodded helplessly. “That’s true.”
“I don’t have a way to deal with that thing here. Moreover, from the looks of it, the target of the Flesh Mountain is very specific. It’s most likely attracted by a Level 4 Awakened like me.”
After saying that, Duan Mei gritted her teeth and made a decision. “So, Mayor Gao, if you’re really from the official side, 1 want you to take the survivors here with you, and I’ll delay the Flesh Mountain’s progress.”
Gao Junyi could not help but feel deep veneration for her.
‘This Duan Mei’s character was not bad.’
Before he could nod in agreement, Duan Mei continued, “As for your previous question, I’ll give you an answer now!
All our sources come from one person.”
“Who?”
“Follow me!”
Time was of the essence. Duan Mei instructed her subordinates to pack their things while she led Gao Junyi and Bai Tianyu to the deepest part of the warehouse.
Duan Mei stopped in front of a room.
She knocked lightly on the door, and a childish voice came from the room.
“Please come in.”
They pushed open the door and entered the room.
They could see that although the space in the room was not big, it was decorated very warmly.
There were pink hues, various children’s toys, a small princess bed with a blond-haired, blue-eyed, white girl sitting on it like a porcelain doll.
When the little girl saw Duan Mei, she immediately revealed a bright smile. As Duan Mei went forward to pick up the little girl, she turned to look at Gao Junyi. “This is the child you’re looking for.”
“Her name is Lolita..”


CHAPTER-110
Chapter 110: Lolita

Lolita appeared to be under ten years old, pretty and delicate.
Her light green eyes were exceptionally lively, and her smiling face was adorable.
She was smart and beautiful.
Even a tough man like Bai Tianyu couldn’t help but greet Lolita with a smile.
Duan Mei stroked Lolita’s hair and whispered to her, “Lolita, you’re a smart girl. I’m in some trouble here and might not be able to protect you anymore. So you should go with these two uncles to a safe place. When Sister resolves the issue here, I’ll come find you, okay?”
Lolita’s smile faded considerably at once.
But she quickly nodded firmly, saying, “Okay, Sister.”
“Yes, I knew our Lolita is such a well-behaved girl…”
While saying that, Duan Mei placed Lolita on the ground and Lolita obediently came to Gao Junyi’s side and held his hand.
Gao Junyi could feel that Lolita’s grip was very strong and her hand was cold.
She felt a sense of belonging to the people in Dragon Mountain, and she probably had a good understanding of the current situation in this world.
Going to a strange place would undoubtedly be quite stressful for a child, but Lolita buried that pressure deep in her heart.
“Good girl.”
Gao Junyi gently ruffled Lolita’s hair and looked at Duan Mei.
“What about her parents?”
“Her father was an executive of a foreign-funded company here, but he died at the beginning of the apocalypse. Her mother was in New York before…”
Before Gao Junyi could ask anything else, Duan Mei had already rushed out. As she walked, she said, “This child is really important. If you still want to ask anything, protect her and take care of her. She will tell you.
Now, I’ll help you lure the Flesh Mountain away. Hurry up.”
As soon as she finished speaking, she had already disappeared.
Gao Junyi helplessly turned to look at Bai Tianyu, only to see Bai Tianyu nodding at him.
“I’ll go and help too. You take them back to Guangping Street as soon as possible. 1’11 also try to lure the Flesh Mountain towards Brother Lu’s place.”
Duan Mei was wrong about one thing.
She was not the only one attracting the Flesh Mountain. Bai Tianyu was also involved.
Gao Junyi said, “Be careful.”
The only response he received was Bai Tianyu’s smiling face, “That’s perfect, it is also a good opportunity to test the strength of the Black Mist Exploration Team.
If we can’t even deal with this Flesh Mountain, exploring the Black Mist zone will only be sending ourselves to death.”
Dragon Mountain’s gathering place seemed to be prepared for the current situation.
Within just ten minutes, the survivors in the gathering place had already assembled—hundreds of them, big and small.
At the same time, there were a bus, two pickups, and five small cars prepared for their escape.
This was their escape plan.
With Lolita sitting in one of the small cars, Gao Junyi watched as the members of the Black Mist Exploration Team and Duan Mei, along with several Level 3 Awakened individuals from Dragon Mountain, left the mountain. He then urged everyone to get into the vehicles and hurriedly drove away.
“Which way should we go?”
With the driver’s question, Gao Junyi thought for a moment before giving an answer.
“Go downhill, drive along Highway 517, then turn to the Lin Family Village, and…”
This was the road they took when they came, and it was also relatively safe.
Moreover, there were two official safety points on the road, where Awakened individuals were stationed along with weapons and equipment.
The driver nodded, stepped on the accelerator and the car rushed out.
More than ten minutes later, as the convoy had just left Dragon Mountain, fierce battle sounds erupted from the mountain.
That night, Lu Ming was woken up by an urgent knocking on the door.
Rubbing his sleepy eyes, Lu Ming went to the door and turned on the electronic screen. He saw the faces of Wang Xiong and Zhang Chengcheng appearing on the screen.
The two of them looked anxious. Before Lu Ming could speak, Wang Xiong had already said, “Brother Lu, there’s a big problem.”
“Colonel Bai Tianyu and the others are in trouble.”
Wang Xiong quickly explained the situation.
“Just now, a heavily injured member of the Exploration Team rushed back and said that Colonel Bai and the others were trapped in Cheng County. Their opponent was a Level 5 zombie and a large group of exotic beasts…”
He spoke rapidly and explained the situation clearly. Lu Ming’s expression was especially solemn when he heard that.
When Wang Xiong finished speaking, Lu Ming nodded solemnly. “That’s indeed troublesome.”
After that, there was a long silence.
Outside the door, Wang Xiong, who had not received a response for a long time, felt his heart sink. After a moment, he sighed and could not help but say, “Brother Lu, take a look…”
Before he could finish speaking, Zhang Chengcheng suddenly stretched out her hand and interrupted Wang Xiong.
Wang Xiong was puzzled when he saw Zhang Chengcheng give him a look. Then, Zhang Chengcheng looked at the camera and gently said,
“Brother Lu, it’s said that there are dozens of exotic beasts in Cheng County and one of them can produce several tons of meat. I think we should store some of this exotic beast meat.
According to Sister Meng, we still don’t know how these exotic beasts were born. In other words, there might be a limited number of exotic beasts in Nanxiang now. If someone kills one, we’ll lose a few tons of exotic beast meat reserves. So, 1 think we should all go out together and see if we can hunt more exotic beasts. We won’t have to worry about food in the short term.”
Wang Xiong raised his eyebrows and looked at Zhang Chengcheng with admiration.
No one knew Brother Lu better than you, Zhang Chengcheng.
This time, Lu Ming finally spoke.
“Chengcheng, you have a point.”
In his mind, Lu Ming’s thoughts raced.
Going out meant danger!
However, so many exotic beasts were equivalent to so much food. On top of that, eating exotic beast meat would save dining time…
And time was equivalent to skill proficiency and skill proficiency was equivalent to strength.
This deal was not easy to calculate.
In his daze, Lu Ming thought of Chang Yi, the lunatic.
“Are you sure there’s only one Tier 5 zombie over there?”
“Sure!”
“Okay, that’s good. Let me pack up and we’ll set off in ten minutes.”
Inside the room, Lu Ming quickly packed his equipment while contemplating the potential troubles he might encounter.
Chang Yi is a Level 5 Awakened with a very special superpower. After activation, he has the physical strength of a Level 6.
At the same time, Chang Yi possesses multiple superpowers. In other words, his peak combat strength is probably on par with a Level 6 peak.
And Comparing my strength with his…
He recalled his previous “battle” with Chang Yi.
A normal punch can only cause moderate damage to an opponent of this level, and using the continuous Cold Light Stab Punches to deal with such opponents seems to be a waste of one’s talent.
So, using a continuous series of regular heavy punches should be enough for me to handle a Level 6 peak opponent. If 1 encounter a Level 7, my attributes should be not too far off from a Level 7 Awakened individual. 1 have an advantage in terms of skills, but if the opponent has an outstanding superpower, victory or defeat would be uncertain.
According to the doubling theory, the biological attributes of a Level 7 creature was 640, which was not much different from Lu Ming.
So the limit of the enemy 1 can deal with is a Level 6 peak? Facing a Level 7 would pose a risk of injury!
With this thought, Lu Ming had no choice but to slow down his packing.
Sitting on the bed, Lu Ming opened the attribute panel.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Level 1
Age: 25 years old
Strength: 626.2
Physique: 637.6
Agility: 660.2
Free Attribute Points: 234
Superpower: Awakening in progress…
Looking at the plus sign behind the Strength, Physique and Agility attributes, Lu Ming began to allocate attribute points.
After allocating all the free attribute points, Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Strength: 716.2
Physique: 727.6
Agility: 714.2
Free Attribute Points: 0
Looking at the significantly increased attributes, Lu Ming nodded, “Now, I should be able to deal with a Level 7 opponent reasonably well.”
“With this, 1 can venture outside with a little more peace of mind…”


CHAPTER-111
Chapter 111: The Second Expedition

Was there a Level 7 creature in Nanxiang?
Countless people could give a definite answer—No!
Absolutely impossible!
Currently, the resources in Nanxiang City were not enough to give birth to a Level 6 creature, let alone a Level 7 one.
Even the creatures that penetrated from the Black Mist Zone during the first infiltration were only some low-level creatures, without any Level 6 beings.
However, Lu Ming did not know about these things.
In his mind, it was quite reasonable to imagine facing an enemy two levels higher than the most powerful creature he had encountered.
The strongest being he had ever seen—Chang Yi—was Level 5.
In that case, the hypothetical opponent should be at Level 7.
Only by defeating a Level 7 creature would Lu Ming have the qualification and courage to go on this expedition.
But he could not be unprepared.
Weapons, ammunition, some blackbird meat, and water.
He packed all of these onto the transport plane. As the plane took off, Lu Ming repeatedly reminded the pilot, “Never go above 300 meters in altitude.”
The pilot nodded solemnly, “Understood, Brother Lu.”
300 meters was a threshold.
If the plane went above that height and crashed, Luming would risk getting injured. So, this altitude had to be strictly adhered to.
The plane quickly flew towards Cheng County, and Lu Ming closed his eyes and rested.
Zhang Chengcheng, Wei Lan, Wang Xiong, and the exploration team members were cautiously vigilant through the observation windows of the plane, wary of any potential danger.
Fortunately, the journey was uneventful, and they did not even encounter the only threat in the area – the black birds.
About half an hour later, Cheng County appeared beneath Lu Ming’s feet.
Before the apocalypse, Cheng County was relatively well-known around Nanxiang City.
This place had a long history and was known for its beautiful scenery and abundant cuisine.
But after the apocalypse began, the beautiful landscape disappeared, replaced by the roaming zombies on the streets.
Looking down from the plane at an altitude of 300 meters, Lu Ming immediately spotted the most conspicuous target in Cheng County.
“The Flesh Mountain.”
“It can be confirmed that the Flesh Mountain is a Level 5 mutated zombie and evolved from a Tank.”
“According to Colonel Bai’s observation, after the Tank evolved into a Flesh Mountain, its limited rationality completely disappeared, replaced by pure hunting desire and killing instinct!”
“But with loss comes gain; the Flesh Mountain’s strength is much greater than that of a regular Level 5 creature according to the attribute doubling model.”
The exploration team member named Luo Fu stared at the Flesh Mountain with a pale face as he shared this basic information.
Lu Ming nodded slightly after listening.
“Where are Colonel Bai and the others?”
“They’re in hiding. But they can’t hide for long; The Flesh Mountain’s perception of high-level Awakened is quite sharp.”
As he was saying this, the Flesh Mountain below suddenly raised its head and looked at the sky.
Their eyes met. Lu Ming’s gaze was calm, while the Flesh Mountain’s gaze was dull.
This massive creature roared furiously at the plane, raising its arms as if trying to pull the plane down from the sky.
However, with such a huge body, it could not make particularly agile movements—like jumping.
Even with its unusually long arms, it could not reach the altitude of 300 meters.
After a few futile attempts, the Flesh Mountain gave up on trying to reach the two Level 4 Awakened individuals above it and turned its attention to a nearby low-rise building.
There, it found its prey!
With a powerful push from its hind legs, the massive creature rushed towards the low-rise building, smashing it as if it were a massive bulldozer.
But just before the disaster struck, an agile figure flew out of the building.
The wind transformed into a pair of wings, carrying the figure away to a safer distance.
Luo Fu’s voice sounded in Lu Ming’s ear again.
“It’s Sister Rose, Duan Mei, the leader of Dragon Mountain, a Level 4 Awakened.”
“Her superpower is Wind-based. It’s quite agile. It’s thanks to Sister Rose that we managed to escape from Dragon Mountain to this place.”
But anything more than that would not do.
Level 4 was just level 4.
As flexible as wind-based abilities could be, they could not bridge the gap in strength.
Although Bai Tianyu’s explosive strength was also at Level 5, Luo Fu had mentioned earlier that this Flesh Mountain was a mutated creature. Its strength could not be judged by the standards of a normal ordinary Level 5 creature.
It was not that Bai Tianyu, Duan Mei, and the others were incapable; being able to hide from the Flesh Mountain for so long and run this far was already quite an achievement for them.
After a brief introduction, Luo Fu fell silent. He just looked worriedly at Duan Mei, who was nimbly dodging the attacks from the Flesh Mountain, while also keeping an eye on Lu Ming.
Until Lu Ming’s gaze shifted and looked to the other side.
“Twenty-three.”
Luo Fu was stunned, but Zhang Chengcheng quickly replied, “Yes, Brother Lu. Twenty-three.”
Luming was referring to the fact that there were a total of 23 Six-legged Wolf Bears nearby!
Compared to when they were at Dragon Mountain, the number of Six-legged Wolf Bears had not decreased; it had actually increased.
This was not strange—because these exotic beasts hid far away and did not participate in the battle at all.
Although they looked fierce, their behavior was more like that of scavengers.
They sought benefits and avoided harm, following behind the “big brothers” to pick up some leftovers…
The current situation was very clear now.
The Flesh Mountain was the big brother, Bai Tianyu and the others were the prey, and the Six-legged Wolf Bears were the jackals, dogs, and vultures.
If Big Brother won, they would pick up the leftovers, but if Big Brother was killed, Big Brother would become their delicious meal. If the Big Brother turned to attack them, they would disperse.
However, these Six-legged Wolf Bears did not know.
In the sky, a pair of affectionate eyes stared straight at them, and tears of love could not help but flow from the corners of his mouth.
Lu Ming was in a daze for half a minute before taking a deep breath and swallowing back the drool saliva.
He really could not forget the wonderful taste of exotic beast meat and the feeling of satisfaction after a meal.
He turned around and looked at his armory.
After some consideration, Lu Ming picked up a finely forged saber made by Zhang Lixin.
The saber was tailor-made by Zhang Lixin for Lu Ming, using materials from Tank bones and a bit of special alloy.
It was two meters long and the weight was nothing to Lu Ming. Holding the saber in one hand, even with Lu Ming’s formidable physique, the saber looked a bit big.
But Lu Ming felt that it was just right.
After hesitating for a moment between the Flesh Mountain and the Six-legged Wolf Bears, Lu Ming looked towards the Flesh Mountain.
“Let’s deal with this one first.”
Everyone behind him heaved a sigh of relief.
Lu Ming also knew it well.
Although the main objective of this hunt was to target the creatures, Wang Xiong, Zhang Chengcheng, and the others actually wanted him to intervene and help Bai Tianyu and the others.
Doing something in passing was not a big deal, and besides, the battle with Chang Yi allowed Lu Ming to once again familiarize himself with his own strength. The Level 5 Meat Mountain might seem terrifying to others, but Lu Ming did not sense even a hint of threat from this creature.
Yes, that massive body was nothing but a facade in Lu Ming’s eyes, all show and no substance. The pressure he felt facing Chang Yi was greater than the pressure he felt from this Flesh Mountain.
Although the pressure from Chang Yi was not that significant…
The plane stopped right above the Flesh Mountain.
After a quick estimate of the height, Lu Ming turned around and looked at Zhang Chengcheng and the others.
“Keep an eye on my prey.”
Zhang Chengcheng quickly nodded.
Then, Lu Ming took a step and jumped down from the plane, free-falling towards the top of the Flesh Mountain on the ground..


CHAPTER-112
Chapter 112: The Descending Slash From the Sky!

In Cheng County under the night sky.
Duan Mei felt her chest heaving up and down like a bellows.
There was a faint hint of bloodiness in her breath.
From noon to midnight.
Duan Mei, Bai Tianyu, and the others had been fighting with this Flesh Mountain.
It was not appropriate to say that it was a fight—because when Bai Tianyu activated Blood Boiling and confronted the Flesh Mountain head-on, his arms were shattered by a slap from Flesh Mountain, and the fight evolved into a desperate escape.
His escape was not smooth either.
The Flesh Mountain was indeed not agile, but its large size allowed it to have a decent speed advantage, making it difficult for Duan Mei and the others to distance themselves.
With a single stride, that pair of long legs covered a distance of more than 20 meters. One could imagine the speed at which it chased after them.
Fortunately, the six-legged wolf bears that had long been noticed had been guarding against the Flesh Mountain changing its target, so they did not attack Duan Mei’s group.
Unfortunately, this chase had been going on until now.
Duan Mei felt hungry, thirsty, and severely exhausted!
There was a limit to a human’s stamina.
The strength of an Awakened’s superpower was also limited.
Duan Mei’s wind-element superpower was indeed good at assisting in escape, but using her superpower for a long time had long depleted her Awakened power. At this point, it all came down to sheer willpower!
On the other hand, zombies had no willpower, but it could be said that the willpower of zombies was limitless.
Lock down the target, their only objective was to either kill or be killed; there was no option for half-heartedness.
Therefore, this chase had never been fair in the first place!
At some point, when Duan Mei once again dodged the descending slap from the Flesh Mountain, she fell into despair.
Turning her head to look at the Flesh Mountain in front of her, Duan Mei let out a deep sigh and gave up all resistance.
Alright.
I’ve lived in this post-apocalyptic world until now, and I have no regrets.
1 just hope that Lolita is safe now…
At the end of her life, Duan Mei could not help but think of the little girl she had met at the beginning of the apocalypse. She could only say a heartfelt blessing, “I hope you can find your mother.”
After offering this prayer, Duan Mei prepared to close her eyes and face the final judgment from the Flesh Mountain.
From the corner of her eyes, she suddenly saw a cold light descending from the sky and landing on the head of the Flesh Mountain.
In another building in Cheng County.
With both hands suffering from severe bone fractures, Bai Tianyu sat with several team members in a corner of the room, looking disheveled and exhausted.
At the moment when Duan Mei encountered the Flesh Mountain again, a loud noise attracted everyone to the window to look outside.
They saw Duan Mei, who was dodging left and right, moving much slower than when she was at her peak.
They saw the Flesh Mountain relentlessly pursuing her, its eyes flashing with malice, and its mouth oozing with disgusting slime.
For a moment, everyone was silent.
Bai Tianyu turned around, ready to go and support Duan Mei, but was stopped by his team members.
“Captain, don’t act impulsively!”
“Brother, don’t go! Please don’t go!”
“Colonel Bai, there’s no other way, really no other way…”
It was not that the team members were unwilling to save Duan Mei; they were just genuinely powerless.
This only made Bai Tianyu grit his teeth even harder, feeling heavy guilt in his heart, unable to extricate himself.
Until a team member suddenly raised his hand and pointed to the sky!
“Colonel Bai! Rescue has arrived!!”
Bai Tianyu was instantly dazed.
He strode to the window and looked out. He immediately saw a helicopter with Lu Ming standing at the cabin entrance.
The heaviness in his heart instantly disappeared.
This was because Bai Tianyu knew that as long as Lu Ming appeared here, all problems would cease to be problems!
On the other hand, the other Awakened from Dragon Mountain did not know the current situation.
But the relaxed atmosphere still infected him.
He muttered to himself, “The Gatling Gun will definitely be able to kill this monster!”
Beside him, the members of the official Black Mist Exploration Team clicked their tongues in unison.
Bai Tianyu quickly said, “The Gatling Gun definitely can’t do it. It can penetrate the skin of the Flesh Mountain, but not its muscles and bones.”
The power of firearms was reliable, but this reliability was limited to Level 4. creatures!
Conventional firearms could not deal with Level 5 creatures.
The Awakened from Dragon Mountain was stunned for a moment but then realized, “Specialized sniper rifles and specialized bullets?”
“That won’t work either…. The Flesh Mountain is too large. Can you expect a bullet to deal with such a thing?”
The Awakened from Dragon Mountain felt that his common sense had been challenged. He scratched his face in embarrassment as he thought of another possibility.
“Missiles? Oh, I understand. That helicopter is used to locate missiles!”
Bai Tianyu burst out laughing.
“Missiles don’t work that way. Besides, using missiles… Well, that’s a big killing weapon that will only be used at critical moments. After all, if we use missiles to destroy the Flesh Mountain, none of us here in Cheng County will be able to escape.”
Missiles could indeed achieve high precision.
But to destroy a monster like the Flesh Mountain, missiles had very stringent requirements for their power.
It would easily affect Bai Tianyu and the others, not to mention Duan Mei, who was still fighting with the Flesh Mountain.
Moreover, although the Flesh Mountain was huge, it was not an inanimate object like a power plant or a bridge. No matter how accurate the missile was, it would be difficult to accurately hit an active target.
After hearing Bai Tianyu’s words, the Awakened of Longshan was completely confused.
After some thought, he could not help but ask, “Then what do you mean by ■Rescue’?”
Bai Tianyu’s lips curled into a smile.
He spoke slowly as he saw Lu Ming descending from the sky and charging towards the Flesh Mountain.
“Nuclear weapons.
Nuclear weapons exclusive to us humans!!”
Holding the battle saber, Lu Ming continued his free-fall.
The turbulent wind brushed past his ears and clothes, but Lu Ming’s gaze remained fixated on the Flesh Mountain’s bald head, which was as large as a small island.
Where should I strike?
The target was too big, and Lu Ming could not find a spot to deliver a lethal blow. After a brief thought, he could only decide to chop off the bald head of the Flesh Mountain.
However, there was something not quite right about the length of the sword…
If it were the forty-meter-long large sword from before, cutting down the Flesh Mountain with one strike would be feasible. But now, with the two-meter-long sword, Lu Ming doubted whether it could penetrate the creature’s muscles and strike its bones.
It probably won’t work..
But if I could…
Suddenly, a thought emerged in his mind, making Lu Ming instantly serious.
“Maybe I really can.”
Once the thought arose, it took root and sprouted like a seedling.
He slowly raised the battle sword until it was at level with his shoulders.
Staring at the approaching Flesh Mountain, Lu Ming took a deep breath and roared loudly!
“Slash!!”
He swung his sword with all his might.
The next moment, a series of sonic booms erupted in succession!
Clearly visible were the concentric shockwaves that emanated from the edge of Lu Ming’s sword, crashing against the top of the Flesh Mountain’s head like tumultuous waves!
The intense buzzing sound echoed throughout Cheng County.
In the silence that followed, the Flesh Mountain let out a ferocious and miserable howl.
The sudden drastic change prompted Duan Mei to quickly get up from the ground, squeezing out the last bit of her supernatural power to retreat to a safe distance.
Looking back at the Flesh Mountain, she saw its entire face had slid off its head, revealing the shattered facial bones and the still wriggling brain tissue.
There was another loud “boom.”
A powerful figure landed smoothly beside Duan Mei.
Duan Mei was on the left, and Lu Ming on the right.
The two turned to look at each other, Lu Ming forcing a hesitant smile, while Duan Mei looked utterly baffled..


CHAPTER-113
Chapter 113: Sword Qi, This Is Sword Qi!

At this moment, Duan Mei was truly at a loss for how to react.
Duan Mei looked blankly at the robust man beside her, unable to find the right words to say…
Until Lu Ming calmly spoke up, “This thing is a little scary. My strike didn’t have the desired effect.”
Initially, Lu Ming thought that with his body strength surpassing that of a Level 7 creature, it should not be a problem for him to cut down a Level 5 small fry with a single slash, right?
But he had not expected that the vitality of this Flesh Mountain was so terrifying.
Even with its face sliced off, it seemed like it was still alive and moving.
“But it’s also possible that 1 aimed poorly…”
It seemed that he only injured its face but did not hit its critical brain.
However, this was not important.
Seeing the enraged Flesh Mountain rushing towards them, Lu Ming raised his sword again.
Once more, he held it level… lift…
And then, he slashed with all his might!
This time, Duan Mei saw it clearly.
The sword slashed out at an extremely fast speed, easily breaking through the speed of sound.
After breaking through the speed of sound, the rippie-like shockwave surged forward and instantly sliced through the Flesh Mountain’s supporting leg.
In fact, the ripple-like shockwave did not lose its momentum. After cutting through the Flesh Mountain, it smashed into a building behind it. Needless to say, the outcome of the building was obvious. It was reduced to ruins which was the only thing it could do in response.
After just one second of that strike….
With a loud “bang”, the Flesh Mountain’s height significantly decreased.
Its lower leg had been severed, revealing mangled flesh and a pale shinbone.
With its foot detached and unable to support its body, it could only remain standing with its shinbone.
But given the Flesh Mountain’s size, relying solely on its shinbone for support was not sustainable..
Just as it was about to collapse…
Lu Ming slashed again.
There was a tearing sound.
Amputation below the knee.
The Flesh Mountain became shorter again…
Lu Ming slashed again…
The cascading shockwaves were consecutively unleashed, and it consumed a lot of Lu Ming’s energy.
His shoulders, arms, and wrists all bore tremendous burden, and even Lu Ming felt a slight tingling sensation.
It was not until the numbness reached a certain level that Lu Ming finally stopped.
The tragic face of the Flesh Mountain was erected on the ground. Only its head was still “standing” in place.
“It should be dead this time.”
Lu Ming leaned on his battle sword and muttered.
It was common sense to destroy the heads of zombies.
But the Flesh Mountain was too big for Lu Ming to reach its head when it stood up straight.
So, he decided to simply amputate everything below the head. It seemed to have a similar effect to beheading.
After confirming that the Flesh Mountain was completely dead, Lu Ming heaved a sigh of relief and turned to look at the dumbfounded Duan Mei.
“Um, can I trouble you with something?”
Duan Mei, “Yes.”
“Zombie crystals, help me watch over the zombie crystals. These are my spoils of war.”
Duan Mei:”…”
Who would dare to snatch your things?
Let me ask, after witnessing all of this, who would dare to snatch your things!!?
With the trivial matters taken care of, Lu Ming had to get down to business.
Hunting.
The helicopter in the sky acted as Lu Ming’s eyes, helping him locate the
Six-Legged Wolf Bears.
There was another loud “boom.”
Duan Mei shuddered.
She saw the strong man jump up with a flick of his feet, covering an unknown distance…
In midair, the man stepped on the air as if he were a deity, disappearing into the distance in the blink of an eye.
Duan Mei felt that her common sense was being challenged.
“You can fly too!?”
She could not help but ask, but unexpectedly, her muttering received a response.
“Yes, Brother Lu should be able to fly.”
Turning her head towards the source of the voice, she saw Bai Tianyu leading a team over.
Duan Mei glanced at Bai Tianyu and his team before looking back to the direction where Lu Ming had disappeared.
Until Bai Tianyu stood beside Duan Mei.
“It’s not a superpower, just pure physical strength.”
“Manga. Have you read the manga, ‘One Piece’? There’s a move called ‘Marine Eight Styles’…”
“It’s Marine Six Techniques…”
“That’s not important. What’s important is the principle. By exerting an explosive force to step on the air, a counterforce is generated, supporting human movement in the air. Well, it’s something like that.”
As he spoke, Bai Tianyu fell silent.
Because no matter how he thought about it… Lu Ming’s performance was too unbelievable.
“And Sword Qi! That’s Sword Qi, right? That must be Sword Qi!!”
Another person pointed at the Flesh Mountain’s corpse and exclaimed.
They had also witnessed the entire process of Lu Ming slaughtering the Flesh Mountain.
After some thought, Bai Tianyu said, “The principle is the same as walking in the air.”
“By swinging the sword at an extremely fast speed, it disrupts the sound barrier to harm the enemy. The lethality depends on the speed of the sword swing. Of course, it also requires some subtle vibrations so that the lethality of the Sword Qi will be higher…”
As he spoke, Bai Tianyu fell silent again.
Why could he not grasp such a simple principle?
After thinking about it, he could only use the excuse of insufficient strength.
After rambling on for a while, Duan Mei finally seemed to snap out of it.
She pointed at Lu Ming in confusion.
“Who is this…?”
At the side, one of her subordinates immediately said, “Nuclear weapon, he’s the nuclear weapon from the official side!”
Bai Tianyu could not help but roll his eyes.
Why are you so naive? You believe whatever 1 say!
Then, he said, “Lu Ming, we all call him Brother Lu. He’s the strongest Awakened from our official side.”
After a brief silence, Duan Mei asked again, “Was he the one who crushed Chang Yi?”
Initially, Duan Mei did not believe that Chang Yi had been crushed to death.
Even if the officials had the ability to kill Chang Yi, they would have to go through a lot of trouble and require a lot of effort. Duan Mei did not believe what Gao Junyi had once said about “crushing Chang Yi like an ant.”
However, after seeing Brother Lu, Duan Mei believed it.
Seeing Bai Tianyu nodding, Duan Mei took a deep breath and calmed down. Then, she said, “Chang Yi’s death is not unjust.”
After giving everyone a little shock, Lu Ming immediately began his hunting journey.
Those Six-Legged Wolf Bears were really sharp.
When they saw the downfall of the Flesh mountain, they immediately started running for their lives.
But could they outrun Lu Ming?
Clearly not.
He caught up to them one by one and slaughtered them. There was no need to elaborate on the process. It was really no different from stepping on ants.
In short, after a busy period, all twenty-three Six-Legged Wolf Bears perished, and Lu Ming obtained a large amount of exotic beast meat.
“I wonder if it tastes good….”
With such thoughts swirling in his mind, the helicopter descended from the sky and landed in the open space beside Lu Ming.
Bai Tianyu, Duan Mei, and the others also hurried over.
Seeing the dozens of people staring at him made Lu Ming feel a little uncomfortable.
Zhang Chengcheng helped Lu Ming out of the situation, and spoke up, “We’ve packed up the Zombie Crystals and meat. These are all Brother Lu’s things, and we can’t take even a little bit. Do you understand?”
Lu Ming quickly waved his hand, “There’s no need to be so strict. Everyone should try some of the meat.”
Zhang Chengcheng quickly nodded, “Then we’ll do as Brother Lu says.”
Afterward, Lu Ming boarded the helicopter, ready to go home and sleep..


CHAPTER-114
Chapter 114: Bloodline Sensing

Nothing happened along the way.
Later that night, Lu Ming finally returned home and after freshening up, he lay on the bed and closed his eyes to sleep.
He had always slept well.
Correspondingly, he woke up early.
Day 107 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Monday.
He woke up early in the morning and started farming his attributes, so Lu Ming’s life returned to its original trajectory.
The events of last night were just a small interlude for Lu Ming, hardly worth mentioning – just like the time he went to the Zhang family gathering place to collect supplies before leaving.
But for everyone else, everything that happened last night was like a boulder thrown into a lake, causing ripples throughout.
“Sister Rose! I’m here!”
“Lolita!”
It had only been a day since Duan Mei and Lolita were separated, but it was as if a lifetime had passed when they met again.
The woman and the girl hugged warmly, celebrating their narrow escape from death the day before.
There was no need to repeat what happened to Duan Mei.
On Lolita’s side, it was also a close call.
There were convoys, firearms, and a clear route.
Although the fleeing team of Dragon Mountain encountered sporadic zombie attacks along the way, they were relatively small and did not have much of an impact—that afternoon, they arrived at an official safe house. Gao Junyi decided to rest and wait for rescue.
Early this morning, the rescue team led by Bai Tianyu and Duan Mei successfully arrived.
“I plan to bring the survivors from Dragon Mountain to your side. I hope you can accept us.”
Duan Mei said solemnly to Gao Junyi, causing Gao Junyi to beam.
“We’re all Chinese, so there’s no need to talk about acceptance. In any case, we were one family before, and we are still one family now!”
On the other hand, Gao Junyi felt a little strange about Duan Mei’s change in attitude. However, when he heard Bai Tianyu quietly saying, “Brother Lu has made a move,” all his doubts were gone.
Absolute power brought absolute authority.
Using Lu Ming’s strength to deceive and cheat, such power of the officials was far superior to that of Dragon Mountain. The officials would not confront Dragon Mountain directly, but Dragon Mountain had to be tactful, right?
They set off for the official shelter.
Along the way, Gao Junyi did not discuss any serious matters with Duan Mei. They just chatted to build a closer relationship.
After all, the questions that needed to be asked would have answers sooner or later. Can a cooked duck still fly away?
Day 108 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Tuesday.
From yesterday morning until now, Duan Mei had roughly investigated the official shelter.
Although she could not claim to have a comprehensive understanding, Duan Mei felt that this place was indeed an official shelter, and it had not yet been corrupted.
This made Duan Mei make a decision.
In Huo Sheng’s office, looking at the somewhat uneasy Duan Mei and Lolita, Huo Sheng smiled and said, “Don’t be nervous; just treat it as a normal chat.”
As he spoke, he handed Duan Mei and Lolita two cans of Coke and continued, “I thought you would come to see me in two more days.”
Duan Mei thought for a moment and said, “We can’t wait any longer.”
Hearing this, Huo Sheng’s smile faded slightly, “So, we’re in big trouble and it will come soon, right?”
Without Duan Mei having to say a word, Lolita on the side nodded her head vigorously.
This made Huo Sheng sigh softly and he said, “Then let’s talk.”
“Before we talk about all this, I have to introduce Lorita first.
She’s the key to everything.”
Lolita, an American, turned nine years old this year.
Her father was the general manager of a well-known international corporation in the Huaxia region. Due to work reasons, he had to stay in Nanxiang City all year round. Therefore, Lolita had followed her father and lived in Nanxiang for several years.
Her father passed away the day after the apocalypse. Lolita hid for a few days before she met me.”
Speaking of this, Duan Mei and Lolita sighed.
Huo Sheng also listened attentively, though it was apparent that this information was irrelevant; one had to wait for the emotions to settle.
Soon, Duan Mei got to the point.
“The key is not Lolita and her father, but Lolita’s mother.”
Lorita’s mother was also from America. She was a soldier and was stationed in a military district in New York City all year round.
Huo Sheng instantly understood when he heard this.
“A month before the apocalypse in Nanxiang, over in New York…”
Duan Mei nodded, “That’s right.
According to little Lolita, her mother became an Awakened long before the apocalypse, and she had awakened a unique superpower.
Her superpower is called Bloodline Sensing.”
Bloodline sensing was not a very high-level superpower.
Its effect was simply the ability to communicate and even transmit images to those connected by bloodline.
However, the special thing about this superpower was that the range of bloodline sensing was extremely vast, and it ignored the obstruction of the Black Mist!
“So Lolita knows so much because of this.”
“It’s not that she knows that much herself, but because her mother knows a lot.”
Huo Sheng could not help but look at Lolita.
New York, Nanxiang…
The disaster in New York occurred a month before it reached Nanxiang.
On the surface, the disasters in both places were probably very similar.
This meant that everything that happened in New York was a highly relevant reference for Nanxiang. The value of this information was undoubtedly significant.
“It was precisely because of the guidance from Lolita’s mother that Lolita managed to survive on her own in the apocalypse for almost a week.
It was also because of this that I could successfully become a Level 4 Awakened and deal with Chang Yi’s troubles.
And that’s why Chang Yi knows so much. Because he eavesdropped on Lolita’s thoughts.”
At this point, everything became clear.
Huo Sheng rested his chin on his hands and looked at Lolita solemnly.
“So, Lolita, are you willing to share what you and your mother know?”
Lolita just nodded, “I do.”
The apocalypse brought an end to the division of countries and races in the world.
This was a catastrophe for the entire world. Both Lolita and her mother were willing to share the information they had.
“But my mother said she wanted your help.”
Huo Sheng nodded slightly and did not ask in detail.
It was obvious that New York was facing a lot of trouble. Otherwise, Lolita’s mother would not have sent out a distress signal to Nanxiang, a month after the apocalypse began.
Day 109 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Wednesday.
Lu Ming had just finished his morning exercise and was about to take a short break for lunch when he saw Huo Sheng visiting again in the dining room.
After nodding, Lu Ming sat down, nibbling on the bird’s wing while listening to Huo Sheng speak.
They had known each other for a while, and coupled with Huo Sheng’s intelligence, they had developed a certain understanding between them. This understanding was that unless it was a major matter, Huo Sheng would not visit; and if he did, it would be during Liu Ming’s meal time.
After all, Lu Ming’s time was precious.
As for Lu Ming, he had actually begun to like interacting with Huo Sheng.
Because he always brought important news.
So Lu Ming listened as Huo Sheng started to speak..


CHAPTER-115
Chapter 115: The Situation in the Black Mist Zone

“The survivors from Dragon Mountain have already arrived here, and we get along fairly well.
The leader over there is called Duan Mei, but the most important person is a foreign girl named Lolita.”
Huo Sheng briefly explained Lolita and her mother’s abilities, which successfully caught Lu Ming’s attention.
“Tell me in detail.”
Lu Ming was genuinely interested in using what happened in New York as a reference for what would happen next in Nanxiang.
Creating a simple and comfortable external environment was necessary for him to level up. If the external dangers were too great, it would have a significant impact on Lu Ming’s attribute farming.
Huo Sheng continued, “The situation there is very grim.”
The apocalypse in Nanxiang City had already begun for 109 days.
The apocalypse in New York started a month earlier than Nanxiang, exactly 30 days before.
Now, New York was on the 139th day of the apocalypse calendar.
“So far, the Black Mist Zone has already occupied half of the territory over there.”
This was quick.
Because currently, the black mist at the edge of Nanxiang was still shrinking slowly. It was hard to imagine that in just 30 days, the Black Mist would shrink to such an extent.
Moreover, there were no significant differences between the two places.
“The speed and coverage of the Black Mist’s shrinking in New York thirty days ago were not much different from ours.”
In other words, in the next month, the speed of the Black Mist’s shrinking would increase drastically! Within two months, it would completely cover Nanxiang City!
Lu Ming frowned.
“Two months…”
Huo Sheng corrected Liu Ming’s mistake with a wry smile, “That’s the best-case scenario.”
This time frame was already urgent.
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming said, “What about the next month? What will happen next?”
“In the next month, the Black Mist will split open several times, and monsters from the Black Mist Zone will invade Nanxiang City. Each wave will be stronger and larger than the previous one.”
This was the apocalypse trajectory of New York.
Except for the one-month head start, there were no significant differences between the two places.
“Then, there’s the situation with the Holy Tower and the Black Mist Zone.
We discussed this before. As the Black Mist Zone shrinks, we will inevitably be engulfed by the Black Mist. The plan there for dealing with this is no different from ours.”
In other words, there were two methods: One was to become a Level 5 Awakened and come into contact with the Holy Tower.
The other was to actively or passively integrate into the Black Mist Zone.
“According to the experience over there, both methods seem feasible, but there are also problems and troubles.”
Huo Sheng emphasized the word ‘seem’.
“Firstly, regarding coming into contact with the Holy Tower. When a Level 5 creature comes into contact with the Holy Tower, a white light will descend from the Holy Tower and take the creature away. A few days ago, a Level 5 Awakened appeared in New York. After he was taken away, there was no more news of him.
In other words, this kind of guidance is one-way.”
Once taken away, there was no returning. This was what they called a one-way trip.
As for where they went and what happened, it was all unknown – there was even the possibility that the Level 5 Awakened individual died during the contact, or he was directly vaporized by the purifying light.
This made Lu Ming shiver.
“This option sounds terrifying enough…”
Lu Ming definitely would not consider contacting the Holy Tower.
What if the light was not a guiding light but a purifying light?
Besides, even if it was the guiding light, where would it take Lu Ming? Would there be any danger when they arrived?
The unknown brought fear, which meant uncertainty and insecurity.
Huo Sheng continued, “So from the beginning to the end, they have only experimented once.”
Contacting the Holy Tower was feasible, but it was only a last resort. If there were other options, contacting something unknown like the Holy Tower would definitely be the lowest priority.
“Therefore, we must explore and come into contact with the Black Mist Zone.”
Huo Sheng concluded.
The Black Mist Holy Tower Incident (the apocalyptic event) first happened in New York, and second in Nanxiang.
After the Black Mist Holy Tower incident in New York, America had sent troops to explore the Black Mist several times, but their attempts had all failed—this gave the latecomers a preconceived impression.
There was great terror within the Black Mist.
That’s right, Nanxiang City also had such an impression.
However, the first explorers, in New York, did not have such a stereotyped impression.
Furthermore, the main gathering place in New York was located at the edge of the Black Mist, while Nanxiang was situated near the Holy Tower, the center of the blockade zone. This greatly hindered Nanxiang’s progress in exploring the Black Mist Zone.
New York was different in this regard.
After the outbreak of the Black Mist Holy Tower event, many people took the initiative to explore the Black Mist Zone. Although the unknown was indeed dangerous, when you were already facing greater danger, exploring the unknown became a feasible option.
It was the dangers brought about by the zombies.
That was probably the mentality of the people over there.
“They recklessly ventured into the Black Mist, and at the beginning, it was basically one disappearance after another. After a few organized attempts to explore the Black Mist Zone, their exploration plans were interrupted.
But unexpectedly, someone came back alive from the Black Mist Zone about two months ago and brought back a Basic Breathing Technique.”
As long as the base number was large enough, there would always be lucky people.
The person who brought back the Basic Breathing Technique was clearly this lucky person.
This also made the official organization in New York determined to explore the Black Mist Zone.
“But the situation inside is very grim.”
Firstly, it was the level of the creatures inside the Black Mist Zone.
Level 4 was the lowest.
For example, the Black Birds and the Six-Legged Wolf Bears that appeared now were at the lower level of the food chain over there. To put it bluntly, they were equivalent to jackals and vultures in the natural world. They had combat strength, but they were definitely not very strong.
Moreover, there were a vast amount of mystery factors in the Black Mist area, and this extraordinary substance brought about the mutation of the ecosystem.
The strong became even stronger, and the weak became even weaker.
In comparison, the Black Birds and the Six-Legged Wolf Bears were even inferior to the jackals and vultures in the natural world over here…
“There are too many powerful monsters over there. According to what they said, although New York has already established a simple outpost in the Black Mist Zone, they have suffered nearly ten catastrophes that can be described as devastating within one month. After all the efforts, they have gained little but instead lost more high-level Awakened individuals with high potential.
And they don’t have maps or anything like that. In the Black Mist Zone, they are compressed into a very small area and cannot move freely, so they can’t draw maps or explore the surrounding terrain.
But one thing is clear… the Black Mist Zones are interconnected, or there is probably only one Black Mist Zone. In other words, we can meet with New York in the Black Mist Zone, and even both sides can travel through the Black Mist Zone to each other’s territories.
It’s just that we can’t determine the directions.
That’s why Lolita’s mother wants our help.
She wants to combine the strength of both sides and see if we can establish a connection between the two sides..”


CHAPTER-116
Chapter 116: Tier 5 Zombie King, Vampire!

Lolita’s mother had a good idea.
But there were many problems involved.
The first was direction, the second was battle losses, the third was the path, the fourth was the method of escape.
And the list goes on to five, six, seven, eight, nine…
In short, it was very difficult, very difficult indeed.
“But no matter how difficult it is, we have to give it a try. If we don’t try now and wait until this place is completely enveloped by the Black Mist, we’ll have to try again…”
It was known that one needed the strength of a Level 5 to be led away by the Holy Tower, and it was also known that the speed of the Black Mist’s shrinking would become faster and faster.
The time left for the survivors was less than two months, and this time was simply not enough for all the survivors to become Level 5 Awakened individuals. Even with the Basic Breathing Technique, time was insufficient.
Furthermore, the situation behind the Holy Tower was also unknown. Huo Sheng really could not take this risk.
Therefore, there was only one path left—to go to the Black Mist Zone.
They either fought their way out or struggled to survive within the Black Mist Zone.
Glancing sideways at Lu Ming, Huo Sheng realized that Lu Ming’s face showed no expression at all.
Huo Sheng could not help but sigh in his heart.
He actually had the intention of letting Lu Ming lead the team to explore the Black Mist Zone – after all, he had already said that in another two months, this side would be swallowed by the Black Mist.
But for now, it seemed that Lu Ming had no thoughts about the Black Mist Zone at all.
This was not surprising.
Lu Ming’s personality was just like that.
In addition, Lu Ming was special. Not to mention two months, even if there was only one day left, Lu Ming could become a little stronger. The later he went to the Black Mist Zone, the more advantageous it was for Lu Ming!
After figuring this out, Huo Sheng no longer had any other thoughts.
After chatting with Lu Ming for a while, Huo Sheng bade farewell and left. Lu Ming finished his meal and prepared to take a nap.
Day 110 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Thursday.
Nothing happened.
With the help of an Awakened with healing abilities, Bai Tianyu was healed of his injuries.
At the same time, he invited Duan Mei to join the Black Mist Exploration Team and she gladly accepted.
On the same day, Huo Sheng completed the dissection of the Six-legged Wolf Bear and confirmed that there were no zombie crystals in the exotic beast’s body. Moreover, its flesh and blood could only fill his stomach but could not replace the function of the Breathing Technique or Zombie Crystals.
On the other hand, the Flesh Mountain was the same as the zombies. They both had zombie crystals.
Day 111 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Friday.
Observations showed that the contraction speed of th Black Mist had indeed accelerated several times.
Day 112 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Saturday.
There was unusual movement observed in the zombies outside Nanxiang City, but the authorities did not dare to investigate further.
Day 113th day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Sunday.
Noon.
Outside Nanxiang City, at the edge of Linhai County.
An enormous number of zombies gathered here.
Among them, there were even five Tanks and two Devourers!
The Second Zombie King Gathering?
No, it wasn’t.
Because there was only one true protagonist in this zombie feast!
The real ruler standing at the forefront of the zombies.
Gris Klass!
It had long golden hair and, in appearance, was similar to a human, but its skin was even paler than that of Caucasians.
Yet, it didn’t have green or blue eyes.
Its pupils were deep red.
Faint ripples emanated from those deep red pupils, as if there was a profound sea of blood hidden within its eyes.
Besides Gris, Simba and Lian Jie had complicated expressions, but they stood quietly like well-behaved primary school students.
It all started three days ago…
After being ambushed by the Six-Legged Wolf Bears, Simba and Lian Jie once again embarked on a journey of escape.
The two pitiful Tier 4 Zombie Kings were like stray dogs, unable to find a moment of peace…
In short, the two of them ran into Gris Klass!
Then, they immediately knelt down on the spot…
High-tier zombies naturally had a terrifying suppressive ability over low-tier zombies—before Gris, the two Tier 4 Devourers had absolutely no room to resist.
As for this Gris Klass, it was a zombie that had crossed over from the Black Mist Zone—yes, not only humans could enter the Black Mist Zone, but zombies could as well.
If a zombie wanted to leave the Black Mist Zone, the conditions were even harsher than for an Awakened.
However, there was a trick like taking the opportunity to cross over when the Black Mist split open.
That was exactly what Gris had done.
Although it was very coincidental, it had indeed come from New York to Nanxiang—yes, it was a zombie from America’s side.
As for Gris Klass’s legendary experience, there was no need to go into such detail.
The focus was on its objective.
After finally leaving the Black Mist Zone, Gris Klass was prepared to play a big game.
To unite the horde of zombies in Nanxiang and, at the last moment, take them all to the Black Mist Zone.
To put it bluntly, it was living a miserable life in the Black Mist Zone and was preparing to return to the Newbie Village to develop. This was also why it spared the lives of Simba and Lian Jie and instead took them as its underlings.
Today, Gris brought its underlings to Linhai County.
It had heard from Simba that there was a special zombie here.
It was called the Blood Flesh Mother Tree!
“Zombies are the darlings of the Mystery Factor.
Under the influence of the mystery factor, zombies will show various evolutionary paths.
From the Tier 4 zombies, there were two evolutionary routes —Tank and Devourer.
And at Tier 5, there will be more evolutionary routes.
For example, the Tank’s evolutionary forms are Flesh Mountain, Hunter, and Sadist.
Or for example, the evolutionary form of the Devourer: Me.”
Gris spoke softly, saying so.
It was in English, but Simba could understand it—it might have been a high-intellectual before becoming a zombie…
As soon as Gris finished speaking, Simba immediately started boot licking.
“Boss’s evolution must be very impressive, right?”
Gris’s lips curled up into a faint smile.
“Vampire, I’ll name my form Vampire.
In fact, we Devourers are the favorites of the Mystery Factor.
The Devourer can devour different superpower genes and obtain various abilities. However, as an experienced person, I’ll give you a piece of advice. Don’t eat too many and too diverse genes. Absorb only superpower genes. After absorbing enough genes with high compatibility, the Devourer will advance to a Tier 5 creature!
And depending on the different genes consumed, the Devourer’s advancement form is also different.
For example, I, having successively absorbed different abilities like blood control, bodily transformation, blood boiling, ultrasonic waves, and so on, could successfully evolve to my current state, possessing all the power stemming from blood!
Therefore, every Level 5 creature evolved from a Devourer has a different form and ability.”
Simba started licking again.
“Thank you Boss, for your teachings! Boss is peerless and valiant, Boss will unify Nanxiang!”
Gris’s lips curled up again.
But it raised his hand and pointed to the huge monster in the center of Linhai County.
“But I’ve never seen this thing before.”
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree looked like a willow or a pine tree.
No one knew if this thing was a plant, an animal, or a zombie…
“But 1 think it should be a zombie. Did the two of you see that? Absorbing foreign genes randomly caused its genes to collapse. This is the outcome.”
According to Gris’s judgment, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree should be a wrong evolution product of the Devourer’s indiscriminate absorption of foreign genes.
This kind of thing was very troublesome and dangerous.
However, once it was subdued, it would be an extremely powerful trump card!
With this in mind, Gris made up his mind.
“You guys wait here. I’ll go take a look at what this thing really is..”


CHAPTER-117
Chapter 117: Goals In Life

A pair of bat-like wings sprouted from Gris’ back.
With a flap of its wings, it soared into the sky.
Soon, Gris arrived directly above Linhai County.
Looking down from above, he had a commanding view of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree’s complete form.
At this moment, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree had grown even larger. Its lush branches were hung with fist-sized miniature human heads.
There was also a thick layer of red fungus carpet on the ground near the roots in fact, Gris could not tell if the red carpet-like thing was a real fungus or some other special substance.
Gris’ red eyes stared at the ground.
Gris could vaguely sense the undulating movements, like pythons rising and falling within the red fungus layer. Upon closer inspection, it realized that those were the roots of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
“It’s so big…”
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree was indeed massive, with a height approaching 500 meters tall and a diameter that was staggering.
“Moreover, it doesn’t feel like a mutated zombie.”
Now that he was closer, Gris could see more clearly.
It was contrary to his guess.
Upon closer inspection, Gris did not think that this tree was mutated from a zombie.
Then what is it!?
Unable to figure it out, Gris abandoned the contemplation.
Who cares what it is
As long as it can be subjugated, it will be enslaved; if it cannot, then it will be destroyed.
It is simple and crude.
With this thought in mind, Gris folded its wings and its entire body descended freely onto the red fungus layer.
Standing at the foot of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, Gris cleared its throat and spoke slowly.
“Can you speak?”
These words provoked a reaction from the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
A shocking scene unfolded before Gris’ eyes.
The lush branches of Blood Flesh Mother Tree suddenly trembled, and the branches fluttered like pipes transporting some materials within.
Soon, the undulations came to a point— those fist-sized miniature human heads.
Then, it happened abruptly.
Thousands upon thousands of fruit-like human heads, all opened their eyes and looked at Gris!
The horror of this scene was indescribable.
Even in broad daylight, and despite being a Tier 5 zombie itself, Gris was still taken aback.
Faintly, the rustling of leaves seemed to resound in the air.
Those human heads spoke.
They spoke in fluent English in unison.
“Yes.”
The voice of a single Human-Head Fruit was very soft, but when thousands of voices converged, they created a resonating sound.
The powerful sound wave even stirred up a slight windstorm, causing Gris’s clothes to flutter and his golden hair to sway.
All of this made Gris instantly restrain his underestimation of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
Its tone became much more solemn,
“Do you have a name?”
“No.”
“I see… Then how did you become like this?”
“I don’t know.”
“Then, when did you start to have consciousness?”
“Consciousness? What’s that?”
It means the ability to communicate with others.”
“Just now.”
“Just now?”
“Yes, just now, when you asked if I could speak.”
“Gulp!”
“Gulp!”
The gurgling sound continued.
More unknown substances were delivered through the branches and flowed into those fruit-like heads.
This made Gris squint.
“You’re lying, aren’t you?”
“Lying? What’s lying?”
“Lying is… Forget it, I can’t explain it clearly. In any case, you’re lying. Look, you’re a tree in Nanxiang, but you can communicate with me in English so fluently.”
“You said you just learned to speak, you’re lying to me, aren’t you? There’s a high chance that you can speak Chinese as well if you can speak English; what kind of nonsense is this?”
“English…” The heads of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree made a thoughtful expression in unison. After a moment, the heads came to a realization. “Not only do I speak English, but I also speak Chinese; I can speak both.
Because I didn’t learn these things. I was born with them.”
Like a child showing off its new ability, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree’s tone became more lively.
“English comes from this…”
A branch extended out and finally stopped in front of Gris.
Gris looked up and saw a blond foreigner’s head on the branch, blinking mischievously at him.
“He knows English, so 1 know English. He became a part of me a long time ago, so what’s his is mine. I’m not lying to you. I naturally know how to speak English.”
Gris was slightly stunned before he immediately quivered.
So, you mean you can absorb and assimilate the knowledge and memories of others?”
The heads blinked again and said, “I don’t quite understand these words you’re talking about, but I can roughly understand what you mean. Something like that.”
This ability was terrifying…
No, it should be useful!
Gris thought for a moment and immediately realized that this Blood Flesh Mother Tree was a huge opportunity for it!
Leaving aside its abilities, just the silly appearance of the tree made it extremely easy to deceive.
If Gris could deceive this thing and make it join its team, it would undoubtedly be of tremendous help to him.
Thinking of this, Gris could no longer hold back.
“Can you move?”
“I can move, but I move very, very slowly.”
“Then are you willing to come with me and work for me?”
The heads blinked in unison.
“Go with you? Work for you?’
“Why should I go with you, and why should I work for you?”
Upon hearing this, Gris got enthusiastic!
“Because I can make you become a figure above everyone else!
I will become the ruler of the Black Mist Zone, and you…”
“Wait.” The thousands of heads spoke again with puzzled expressions. “Why should I become a figure above everyone else? I feel that my current state is already good enough…”
Griss was speechless.
It was always difficult to explain some things to children.
However, it did not matter. In order to subdue this Blood Flesh Mother Tree, Gris had plenty of patience!
Gris said gently, “Because when you become a figure above tens of thousands of people, no one can bully you. You will gain greater strength and a higher status. You will grow bigger and faster. At that time, you can eat whatever you want and do whatever you want.”
After saying that, and seeing that the heads still looked confused, Gris continued, “Let’s put it this way. Do you have any goals in life? Things that you want to do.”
The heads shook their heads, “No.”
Gris then said earnestly, “You need to have a goal in life. A life without a goal is like a salted fish, dull and meaningless!”
The heads fell into deep thought.
After a moment, Gris continued, “For example, I have an ambitious goal! To establish myself in the Black Mist Zone, or even become the ruler of the Black Mist Zone! That’s why 1 work hard every day, striving for my dreams, making my life rich and colorful!”
With that, Gris extended its hand and made an inviting gesture to the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, “Now, I want to invite you to join my team! Once you’re in the team, my dream will be your dream, and my goal will be your goal! From now on, we’ll be a team, working and striving together for our common goal!”
“What do you think?”
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree pondered for a long time, and then the massive plant suddenly trembled!
The thousands of heads shouted in unison.
“Good!”
“I don’t want to be a salted fish!”
“I want goals in my life!”
A triumphant smile appeared on Gris’ face.
However, he suddenly felt a movement under his feet!
Countless roots shot out from the fungus layer, instantly binding Gris like a dumpling!
The tight restraint made Gris exclaim, “What are you doing!”
But the miniature heads all wore puzzled expressions and said in unison, “Didn’t you say that your goal will be my goal, and your dream will be my dream?”
Now, I will consume you, and we will fuse into one. This way, we won’t have any distinction between us, and we will become a better team. This way, we can better achieve our common goals. Don’t you think I’m right?”
Gris wanted to say that their comprehension ability was problematic.
However, the huge binding force which even a Tier 5 Zombie King could not retaliate, made Gris unable to utter a word.
It could only feel the sharp thorns piercing its skin.
Strange fluids flowed into its body.
The internal organs, bones, and muscle tissues in its body quickly softened, turning into a slimy mucus that was absorbed by the thorns.
Soon, Gris was reduced to nothing but an empty skin.
On the other hand, at the top of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, tender sprouts grew, quickly growing into a fist-sized head resembling Gris.
When this head first appeared, it was still in a daze, but it quickly regained its senses.
It muttered, “The king of the Black Mist Zone! I want to become the king of the
Black Mist Zone!!”
Countless heads responded.
“Yes, we will..”


CHAPTER-118
Chapter 118: The Ultimate Creature!

Everything in Linhai County happened suddenly and quietly.
As a result, Simba and the other zombies did not realize that their new boss had become one with the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
They were even more unaware of the changes that the once harmless Blood Flesh Mother Tree had undergone after Gris’s guidance.
Within Linhai County.
The fungus layer around the Blood Flesh Mother Tree undulated, and countless roots wriggled crazily underground.
On the tree canopy, a large number of human heads began to mutter to themselves. If one listened carefully, one would realize that these heads were discussing everything they had seen, heard, and thought before their fusion with the Blood Flesh Mother Tree!
Regardless of whether they were humans or zombies.
Regardless of whether they had human forms or beastly shapes.
A massive amount of nutrient reserves stored by the Blood Flesh Mother Tree were frantically transported to these heads.
Soon, these human heads began to grow larger.
After growing to the size of a normal human head, these human heads suddenly stopped muttering.
This was because the Blood Flesh Mother Tree had completely integrated everything they knew!
“The Holy Tower, Black Mist Zone…”
“Humans, Awakened…”
“Zombies, Devourers…”
“Exotic Beasts, Monsters…”
If every human head was compared to a cell, then the Blood Flesh Mother Tree was the main body.
It seemed no different from a normal creature at first glance, but the truly terrifying part was that every cell of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree possessed intelligence not inferior to that of humans. They had normal thinking, reasoning, and even learning abilities.
Furthermore, it still had room for further evolution!
Countless memories were digested and absorbed by the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
Like computers being thoroughly integrated into a supercomputer.
The powerful computing power rapidly elevated the intelligence of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree. In just half an hour, it no longer had the naive appearance it had before.
Reflecting on its conversation with Gris, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, through a female head, murmured softly to itself, “Power. I need power.”
“Because in this world, without power, I have no capital to sustain my existence. Without power, 1’11 easily become someone else’s research subject.”
It understood that it was special.
As for the Black Mist King, ambitious goals, and so on, those were too distant. Intelligent beings would not risk their lives for overly distant goals; they would focus on living in the present.
“For me, the most pressing issue is the shrinking of the Black Mist. It won’t be long before I’m swallowed by the Black Mist and enter the Black Mist Zone. According to Gris’s memories, there are too many terrifying monsters in the Black Mist Zone, and my current power won’t give me an advantage there.”
“I need to evolve again and become stronger.”
So, how to become stronger?
This was a question that the Blood Flesh Mother Tree did not need to ponder for long because the way to become stronger was imprinted in its genes and instincts.
“More nutrition, and more biological samples.”
The sound of rustling filled the air.
As the branches of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree trembled, one head after another fell from the mother tree as if they were ripe fruit, landing on the fungus layer below.
The heads sank as if submerged in a swamp.
But soon, with the wriggling of the fungus layer, the heads floated up again.
Unlike before, this time, they had a body.
Bizarre bodies of different shapes and colors!
Some humanoid monsters had humanoid bodies with eight tentacles on their backs—they had the bodies of Devourers.
Some humanoid monsters had Tank-like massive bodies.
Some humanoid monsters resembling Blackbirds could fly high with a flap of their wings.
Some humanoid monsters were like Six-Legged Wolf Bears. Their bodies were strong and agile, and they opened their mouths to let out strange roars.
There were all sorts of strange and grotesque creatures, turning Linhai County into a hell on earth.
As for the last three humanoid monsters, they were almost similar to humans.
The only difference was that their pupils were blood-red, and their eyes seemed to contain a sea of blood.
There were probably over a thousand humanoid monsters.
After helping them shape their bodies, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree seemed exhausted and tired.
The massive tree canopy drooped weakly, but it managed to transmit one final command to the minds of the humanoid monsters.
“Nutrients, more nutrients!”
“I need all the nutrients in Nanxiang City!”
Obediently following the Mother Tree’s instructions, the humanoid monsters began to move.
About an hour later, Simba keenly spotted figures slowly walking out of Linhai County.
From the looks of it, they appeared to have the same posture as Gris.
Just as Simba was about to approach and greet them, its expression suddenly changed.
Shock and disbelief!
Because it saw that the head on Gris’ body was not a blonde head with red eyes, but the head of a haggard and unrecognizable old man!
“This…”
Simba was momentarily stunned.
After recovering from his daze, Simba’s instincts supported it to make the best choice!
Pulling Lian Jie along, Simba turned and ran.
However, they suddenly felt a tremendous oppressive force surging from behind.
It was the natural suppression of a high-level zombie against a lower-level zombie!
“Roar.”
Lian Jie, who was beside him, suddenly let out a furious roar.
It gave an entirely contradictory command to the zombies around it – run in different directions!
The clash of commands caused a disturbance among the zombies, which in turn affected the suppression that the humanoid monsters had on Simba and Lian Jie.
The two Devourers, who had barely regained their senses, did not dare to make a sound. They immediately began the part they were most familiar with escape!
As a result, they naturally did not see what happened.
There were more humanoid monsters surging out of Linhai County, sweeping in all directions.
Neither did they see the zombie group, which had been painstakingly integrated, following the humanoid monsters’ instructions and entering Linhai County.
They stood on the fungus layer.
Then, they sank into the ground and completely fused with the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
Day 114 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Monday.
In the afternoon, Lu Ming went up the tower, preparing to practice his skills by shooting zombies.
However, he suddenly saw a black shadow flying toward him from the horizon.
Familiar with the routine, Lu Ming picked up his heavy sniper rifle, feeling overjoyed—Blackbird, right?
The size definitely suggested it was a Blackbird.
Therefore, he could increase the reserves of Exotic Beast meat…
But after this thought and while Lu Ming was aiming at the target, what appeared in the scope was not the cute head of the Blackbird, but a female humanoid head.
The appearance was beyond creepy…
Lu Ming was so startled that he quivered. His finger trembled as he instantly shot the humanoid bird dead.
Then, Lu Ming carefully adjusted his mentality, and a strange expression slowly appeared on his face.
“What on earth is this?”
“And is it edible?”
At the mention of food, Lu Ming instantly recalled the creepy face of the humanoid bird he had just shot and could not help but shudder.
Eating this kind of thing… probably not a good idea…
After some thought, Lu Ming descended from the observation tower and told Zhao Honglei about the incident.
Zhao Honglei immediately patted his chest.
“I’ll bring that thing back..”


CHAPTER-119
Chapter 119: Targeting!

At the gathering place on Guangping Street.
About an hour later, Zhao Honglei returned to the gathering place with Lu Ming’s prey.
Placing the carcass of the “Blackbird” on the ground, Zhao Honglei quickly patted his clothes with a disgusted expression, as if afraid of getting contaminated by something strange.
Obviously, he found this thing extremely ominous.
The others looked at the carcass on the ground.
Faint sounds of vomiting came from the surroundings.
That was because the carcass looked truly repulsive.
The custom-made heavy sniper rifle in Lu Ming’s hand could indeed deal a lethal blow to a Level 4 creature.
But it was limited to being lethal.
If the bullet from the heavy sniper rifle hit ordinary people, it would be enough to blow them up into pieces. However, when it hit the former Blackbird and the current bizarre Blackbird, it only managed to flip their skulls and directly damage their brains.
This was the fatal injury suffered by the “Blackbird”.
Half of its head had been blown away, revealing a mess of white tissues inside.
However, the part below the nose remained intact.
Because of this, this bizarre Blackbird still retained nearly half of its human-like appearance.
Due to its strong vitality, its red lips continued to move instinctively, emitting a faint “chirping” sound.
A half face.
A mouth identical to that of a human kept moving, but producing the sound of a bird’s chirping…
Not to mention others, even with Lu Ming’s psychological endurance, he could not stand the scene before him.
The atmosphere instantly became tense.
Meng Jie took a step forward and came to the carcass of the “Blackbird”.
At this moment, Meng Jie did not have any strange reaction. Instead, she adjusted her glasses and a curious glint flashed across her eyes.
Turning to look at Lu Ming, Meng Jie said, “Can this thing be eaten? I have to study it first, but 1 think there’s a high chance that it can’t be eaten.”
As she spoke, Meng Jie called for people to move the “black bird carcass” back to the laboratory.
After Meng Jie took the Blackbird’s carcass away, Lu Ming cleared his throat and turned to look at Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan, whose faces were pale.
“Let’s change the menu for tonight, let’s not eat Blackbird meat today.”
Clearly, Lu Ming was also nauseated by this strange bird.
That night, Lu Ming ate Six-Legged Wolf Bear meat.
Despite its strange appearance, the taste of meat was quite good. After eating, drinking, and exercising, Lu Ming forgot about the bizarre bird incident.
After finishing his stance exercises at night, Lu Ming washed up and went to bed. Soon, he fell asleep.
However, he did not know that hundreds of humanoid monsters had quietly assembled in Bin County.
Bin County was one of the affiliated towns of Nanxiang City.
With a small population and a less prosperous economy, it became a crucial military area due to its geographical location.
Military-controlled areas could be seen everywhere near Bin County. During the Apocalypse, most of the military personnel had left for official shelters, leaving this place abandoned.
But few people knew that although it appeared deserted on the surface, it was not entirely abandoned.
Leading hundreds of humanoid monsters was a creature with a child’s face and Gris’s body.
It stood at the forefront of the group, gazing at the seemingly deserted military control area in the distance, gently twitching its nostrils.
The faint smell of blood surged into its sensory organs.
Its formidable strength allowed it to easily distinguish between the smell of zombies and humans.
Soon, the humanoid monsters locked onto their target.
The leader of the monsters, representing the will of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, spoke softly,
“There’s a missile launch center here and the missiles inside have been transferred to an unknown location.”
“But fortunately, there are still humans stationed at the missile launch center. Our goal this time is to capture the survivors inside, bring them back, and find the exact location of the transferred missiles.”
As soon as he finished speaking, over a hundred figures shot out and vanished into the silent night.
Soon, screams rang out.
Due to the blockage of communications, nothing was known about what happened in Bin County.
Probably in the early hours of the next day, dozens of survivors were brought to Linhai County.
Standing on the blood-colored fungus layer, the survivors had despair on their faces. Some cried, some cursed, and some begged for mercy, but none could change their fate – the outcome of fusing with the Mother Tree!
Devour, digest.
Then, absorb and plunder!
Soon, more than a dozen fruits appeared on the branches of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree. This meant that the Blood Flesh Mother Tree had already digested everything of these survivors.
There was no need for more words.
The three Level 5 humanoid monsters turned around in unison and led the team toward Nanxiang City.
The wind blew, and the branches and leaves of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree swayed.
Soft murmuring voices faintly sounded.
“Nanxiang is just a major economic city, not a major political or military city, so there are no nuclear bombs.”
“But missiles still pose a threat to me… After all, according to human memories, I am still unable to withstand multiple missile bombings.”
“If I want to absorb everything in Nanxiang, firearms are a big problem for me. Fortunately, I remembered that there was someone who knew where Nanxiang’s missile base was. The survivors just now also know where those missiles were transferred to…”
This was a very clear chain of logic.
First, they had to deal with the biggest threat. Once all the threats were eliminated, Nanxiang would be like a cake ready to be tasted by the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
“Apart from that, there’s another interesting thing…”
“Lu Ming, Brother Lu… the strongest human.”
At the thought of this, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree swayed even more violently.
Its ability was to devour and absorb everything from its prey.
Memories, and even strength!
After devouring Gris, it could use its special ability to create an endless number of monsters with strength comparable to Gris.
Based on this inference, if it could devour Lu Ming… No, even just obtaining a sample of Lu Ming’s genes, it could infinitely replicate monsters with strength comparable to Lu Ming!
This bug-level ability made the growth path of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree exceptionally clear and precise.
Devouring everything.
Weaklings turned into nutrients.
The strong turned into warriors!
According to the memories of the survivors just now, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree learned that in their eyes, Lu Ming of Nanxiang City was an invincible existence.
So, bring it on!
Day 115 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Tuesday.
Nothing happened during the day.
That night.
A loud explosion woke up the entire Nanxiang City.
Even Lu Ming was awakened by the explosion.
Opening the window to look at the street, he realized that there was no danger at the gathering place. Everyone came out of their houses, looking at each other, not knowing where the explosion came from.
Unable to figure it out, Lu Ming went back to catch up on his sleep.
However, he did not know that Huo Sheng, who was in the official shelter, immediately broke out in sweat when he heard the huge explosion!
“Go! Hurry up and take me to Guangping Street to look for Mr. Lu!”
He was no longer his usual calm self. He anxiously shouted until the vehicle was ready. Only then did Huo Sheng regain his composure.
“Forget it, let’s go tomorrow. Don’t disturb Mr. Lu’s rest.”
With a bitter expression, he added, “After all, he is all we have now..”


CHAPTER-120
Chapter 120:I Will Enjoy the Fruits of Victory!

Day 116 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Wednesday.
During lunchtime, Huo Sheng came to visit again.
Lu Ming only took a glance and could tell that Huo Sheng’s state was ridiculously bad.
Dark circles under his eyes, coupled with a haggard look…
That miserable expression and mental state even made Lu Ming ask with concern, “What happened to you?”
The sorrow on Huo Sheng’s face deepened, “Something big has happened.”
“The military’s missiles were destroyed… almost all the heavy weapons were destroyed.”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and replied nonchalantly, “Oh.”
And that was it….
Clearly, Lu Ming did not care much about missiles, heavy weapons, and the like.
While he knew that these things were very powerful, Lu Ming simply was not interested in them.
As a result, he was unaware of the significance of these things for humanity.
That was until Huo Sheng spoke again.
“Missiles and heavy weapons are our trump card, not only for the military but also for all the survivors in Nanxiang City.”
“It’s a trump card that’s no less powerful than you.”
Lu Ming nodded, his expression still the same, “Oh.”
Seeing this, Huo Sheng could not help but sigh deeply…
It seemed that Lu Ming still did not understand the importance of these things.
But to highlight the importance of missiles and heavy weapons, a simple example would suffice.
“The Flesh Mountain.”
The Tier 5 Flesh Mountain was quite terrifying, but the military still had the ability to destroy it, relying on nothing other than the crystallization of human technology—thermal weapons.
Another example was the zombie wave.
The largest -scale zombie wave that Nanxiang had encountered was the zombie wave led by Sima Xiao.
A zombie wave of hundreds of thousands of zombies was really terrifying, but even without Lu Ming, the officials could still deal with that zombie wave.
All they needed was to wash the area with missiles.
In other words, ignoring collateral damage, human technology’s destructive power far exceeded that of the Tier 4 or Tier 5 and had even more pronounced lethality against group targets!
This was also why many people felt that the zombie calamity would not shake humanity’s dominance over Blue Planet.
This was because humans might not have the perfect ability to deal with their opponents without any injuries, but they would always retain the ability to perish together with their opponents!
Under the premise that they did not care about collateral damage, it was difficult to imagine what kind of enemy could shake the dominance of humans. And now, this card was gone…
“I’m not sure what’s targeting us. What happened last night was too sudden. When the explosion sounded, I organized people to go to the scene, but I only found some strange biological samples at the scene…”
Huo Sheng brought the biological samples over and handed them to Meng Jie for research and analysis. Then he sought out Lu Ming at the first opportunity.
In essence, Huo Sheng was uncertain and wanted to see Lu Ming – he didn’t need any promises from Lu Ming, just seeing him would give Huo Sheng a great sense of security.
As soon as he finished speaking, Meng Jie had already pushed open the dining room door and walked in.
She sat beside Huo Sheng and quickly said, “I analyzed the biological samples you brought and found something interesting.”
“Some of the biological samples belong to the Black Bird.”
Among the biological samples Huo Sheng brought was the claw of a charred Black Bird.
“And the day before yesterday, Mr. Lu hunted a monster that looked like the Black bird but with a human head.”
“I compared the two samples and found out that their genes were identical!”
Huo Sheng immediately furrowed his brow.
On the other hand, Lu Ming, while eating and drinking, looked at Meng Jie and asked, “So you mean that the culprit who destroyed the missile is the Black Bird with a human head?”
Meng Jie first nodded, then shook her head.
“The Black Bird claw brought by Huo Sheng indeed belongs to a Black Bird with a human head, not a normal Black Bird.”
“The most important point is not here, but that the genes of the two human-head black birds are the same… There’s no difference!”
Lu Ming did not understand.
However, Huo Sheng knew the significance of this matter very well!
“Genetically speaking, there are no two identical creatures in the world.”
“Even identical twins might be abnormally similar at the genetic level, but the expression of somatic cells, or genes, has a certain difference.”
The knowledge involved was a little complicated, and seeing that Lu Ming did not seem interested in this area, Huo Sheng briefly summarized.
“Even with cloning technology, which can clone a completely identical creature to the subject, differences can still be found at the genetic and cellular levels due to different postnatal environments.”
“This is also why I said that there are no two identical creatures in the world at the genetic level.”
Before Lu Ming could digest this information, Meng Jie continued, “And based on my comparison of the two human-faced Black Birds, they are completely identical even at the cellular level.”
“It’s not a matter of identical twins, but… completely identical, just like two identical industrial products coming off the same assembly line.”
Lu Ming was at a loss.
Huo Sheng, however, could not sit still.
After pondering for a long time, Huo Sheng and Meng Jie looked at each other and could not help but say, “This might mean that a super monster capable of mass-producing Level 4 monsters has appeared in Nanxiang…”
A Level 4 production line!?
Thinking of this, Huo Sheng could not help but shiver.
Just as Huo Sheng and Lu Ming were chatting…
Three Tier 5 human-headed monsters had already appeared outside Good Hope Village.
Staring at the peaceful Good Hope Village in the distance, the three human-headed monsters were expressionless.
The command from the Mother Tree had long appeared in their minds capture Lu Ming!
At the very least, they had to get Lu Ming’s genetic sample!
The blood Flesh Mother Tree never procrastinated in its actions.
As the black fog was rapidly shrinking, and Linhai County was not at the center of Nanxiang City, it had little time left.
After first dealing with the most threatening firearms, by noon the next day, the Mother Tree had already sent its subordinates to capture Lu Ming.
As long as they captured Lu Ming and harvested his genetic samples, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree would be able to produce more “Lu Mings”, and significantly increase the combat power of its subsidiary bodies. This would greatly speed up the Blood Flesh Mother Tree’s plan.
Everything was developing well.
In fact, at this point, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree could not think of any obstacles to its plan.
In his excitement, a human-headed monster could not help but mutter softly, revealing the Blood Flesh Mother Tree’s inner voice, “I will enjoy the fruits of victory!”
As soon as the voice fell, wings grew out of the backs of the three human-headed monsters and they flew straight towards the gathering place on Guangping Street!
In the dining room, Lu Ming and the others who were chatting suddenly heard a bell ringing from outside!
Three rings.
Enemy attack!
After casually wiping his mouth, Lu Ming stood up and left the kitchen, with Huo Sheng and Meng Jie following closely behind him.
Just as he left the kitchen, Lu Ming saw three human-headed creatures with bat wings descending from the sky above and slowly landing on a street in the gathering place on Guangping Street.
The Awakened in the gathering place on Guangping Street instantly took their positions and surrounded the three newcomers in the center.
However, the three of them were expressionless.
Their gazes drifted and quickly locked onto their target, settling on Lu Ming.
One of them said expressionlessly, “You must be Lu Ming, right?”
“Come with us. The Mother Tree wants to see you..”


CHAPTER-121
Chapter 121: Saber Practice Round

Mother Tree…
Upon hearing these two words, Huo Sheng frowned, but Lu Ming did not think much of it.
He just looked at the three humanoid creatures in front of him and soon frowned.
In appearance, the three of them looked the same, but their facial features were different.
Two males and one female, with red-colored pupils.
At first glance, apart from the bat wings on their backs, their appearances were quite ordinary.
However, upon closer inspection, Lu Ming felt that something was off about their appearance.
Soon, Lu Ming found the answer.
“Why do the three of you have the same body?!”
Indeed, their bodies were completely identical.
Their clothes were different, but the skin exposed from their clothes and even the pores on their skin were identical.
What was even stranger was that the one with a female appearance had a male body – this was not apparent at first glance because she wore loose and gender-neutral clothing.
After exclaiming in surprise, Lu Ming suddenly came to a realization.
He looked at Huo Sheng and Meng Jie and said, “I’m afraid your guess is right.
A monster production line has appeared in Nanxiang City…”
With that, Lu Ming pointed at the three people in front of him. “The three of them are monsters produced by that thing.”
Huo Sheng nodded slowly, but his eyes did not move away from the three monsters.
Until Lu Ming’s next sentence stunned Huo Sheng.
“But it’s not a Tier 4 production line, it’s a Tier 5 production line… These three monsters have the strength of Tier 5.”
As soon as he finished speaking, the entire place fell silent.
Level 5!….
Since the advent of the apocalypse, Nanxiang City had only seen three Tier 5 creatures in total.
Lu Ming (?), Chang Yi, Flesh Mountain.
It was not an exaggeration to say that Level 5 was still considered a legendary level in Nanxiang City, but no one expected three to appear at once.
Thinking of this, Huo Sheng walked to Lu Ming’s side. Looking at the three Tier 5 monsters in front of him, Huo Sheng could not help but say, “You guys…”
“The Mother Tree wants to see you. Come with us.” Before Huo Sheng could speak, the female human-headed monster spoke again and said to Lu Ming.
They completely ignored everyone else.
In fact, if not for the Mother Tree’s orders, they would not have paid any attention to Lu Ming.
‘This place.’
This was the gathering place of humans.
In their eyes, it was a pig sty. All the creatures living inside were their reserve food.
And having a conversation with food really did not require much complexity.
So naturally, Lu Ming sensed the malice in their words.
He frowned.
“I don’t want to go.
What are you going to do with me?”
When it was possible to reason with them, Lu Ming preferred to do so.
From the missile incident last night, these monsters probably had malicious intentions towards humans—but they had yet to show any malice towards Lu Ming. In order to reduce trouble, Lu Ming wanted to try to convince them with reason first.
The response was very straightforward and direct.
“If you don’t want to go, well kill you first, then take your body back. The end is the same.”
Lu Ming instantly fell silent.
The moment he opened his mouth, he talked about killing someone…
Why had the world become like this?!
“All….”
With a deep sigh, Lu Ming gently rubbed his cheeks.
He glanced at the others from the corner of his eye and saw that they had already quietly retreated.
Everyone in the gathering place at Guangping Street understood Lu Ming well.
When the three monsters said the word “kill”, there was no turning back.
Brother Lu was gentle.
Yet he was also explosive!
When a creature showed its malice towards Brother Lu, he would quickly and decisively eliminate the source of the malice!
No discussion.
No second thoughts!
Just like now!
Boom!
Lu Ming instantly disappeared from the spot. When he reappeared, he was only half a meter in front of the three human-headed monsters.
At an extremely high speed, he broke through the sound barrier. Rings of sound waves swept past Lu Ming’s back, shaking the entire gathering place on Guangping Street.
The pupils of the three human-headed monsters instantly constricted!
This was because the strength Lu Ming displayed far exceeded the Blood Flesh Mother Tree’s expectations!
In the next second, Lu Ming had already extended his hands.
Two palms the size of prayer mats suddenly closed together, encircling the three people standing side by side in the middle!
Lu Ming’s body was large to begin with.
Currently, Lu Ming’s height was already close to 2.4 meters.
His arm span was long too.
Facing the three human-headed monsters from above, Lu Ming was like an adult facing children. He stretched out his long arms and enclosed the three human-headed monsters in the center.
This was not a hug.
At least, it was not a simple hug…
A loud “Boom” echoed.
The two thick arms were like a forging press, instantly closing together!
In an instant, blood and flesh splattered.
Under the immensely terrifying pressure, the three human-headed monsters were instantly squashed into a mass – intertwined, their bloody appearance was like a meat patty…
The absolute difference in physical strength made all of this sudden and simple.
To Lu Ming, this was just a simple slap… like swatting a mosquito.
However, after swatting the mosquitoes, Lu Ming frowned.
He took two steps back, looking at the mass of flesh and saw that the bloody mass was squirming quickly.
They separated, recombined and soon returned to being three individuals.
Superpower: High-Speed Self-Healing! From Gris!
As soon as the healing was complete, the three human-headed monsters immediately launched a counterattack against Lu Ming!
A red light emitted from one person’s eyes. Lu Ming felt his blood flow slowing down, which in turn reduced his physical strength—but the impact was limited.
Superpower: Blood Control, from Gris.
Another person suddenly opened his mouth, and an ear-piercing sound wave surged into Lu Ming’s ears, causing his eardrums to ache and feel very uncomfortable.
Superpower: Ultrasonic Waves, from Gris.
The last person raised both arms, which transformed into two flesh-colored sabers, slashing at Lu Ming from all directions.
Superpower: Physical transformation, also from Gris.
These three human-headed monsters all originated from the Blood Flesh Mother Tree. They were even more like biological brothers, with an unimaginable level of cooperation and understanding between them.
At this moment, if the three human-headed monsters combined their strength, they could even fight a Tier 6 creature.
However, they encountered Lu Ming.
His five fingers closed together and turned his palm into a saber.
With swift strikes, saber qi slashed out!
The saber qi bisected the three human-headed monsters at their waists … This time, Lu Ming did not leave the three of them any chance to regenerate.
As he rapidly swung his palm-blades, Lu Ming muttered to himself, “Their formidable self-healing ability is indeed annoying… but it doesn’t mean they are invincible.”
“Every creature has its limits in terms of physical strength – even zombies are no exception. Supernatural powers also have their limits.”
“I don’t believe you can maintain this high-speed self-healing state forever.”
“Since 1 have nothing to do this afternoon, 1 won’t take a nap today. I’ll use you to practice my saber techniques!”
Wasn’t it just additional training?
Lu Ming knew this too well..


CHAPTER-122
Chapter 122: Will You Stop!?

A whole hour of beating!
It turned out that self-healing abilities do have their limits…
After half an hour of Lu Ming’s attacks, the self-healing speed of the three human-headed monsters had already begun to slow down.
An hour later, three piles of flesh paste were lying on the ground, and there were no longer any signs of life.
In an entire hour, Lu Ming’s saber technique had increased by 1,500 proficiency points. Overall, although he had delayed his lunch break, Lu Ming did not really lose out.
After confirming that the three human-headed monsters were indeed dead, Lu Ming stretched and rubbed his sore wrists before turning to look at Huo Sheng and the others.
“I’m going to take a nap. You guys help me to handle this.”
Huo Sheng nodded repeatedly while Lu Ming made his way home.
Perhaps due to the additional training session of an extra hour, Lu Ming slept exceptionally soundly during his afternoon nap that day.
However, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree far in the distant Linhai County was not so carefree.
As the main body, all its subordinates could share vision with the Blood Flesh Mother Tree. Therefore, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree saw the entire process of Lu Ming beating up the Tier 5 human-headed monster.
Surprised?
Very much so.
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree was indeed surprised by Lu Ming’s strength. He must have reached at least Level 7 in combat power, right?
Moreover, the appearance of a Level 7 creature in Nanxiang, a novice village, at this point in time was already an absurd and illogical event in itself.
However, after the surprise, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree was overjoyed.
If it could obtain this person’s genetic sample, it would undoubtedly be a tremendous help to the Blood Flesh Mother Tree!
The fungus carpet on the ground squirmed quickly.
More heads fell from the treetop.
With the two combined, more Tier 5 human-headed monsters were produced by the Blood Flesh Mother Tree. This time, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree changed its strategy.
“There’s no need to kill Lu Ming. All 1 need is a sample of Lu Ming’s genes.”
Just a trace of his blood—this also meant that these dozens of human-headed monsters that had almost exhausted all the energy of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, would complete the mission as long as they managed to injure Lu Ming.
They did not even need to hurt Lu Ming.
Taking a strand of Lu Ming’s hair… a drop of sweat… a piece of his skin would all count as fulfilling the goal!
It was that simple!
The human-headed monsters could not wait to set off.
The somewhat weak Blood Flesh Mother Tree was also immersed in the joy of soon having a powerful weapon.
It was only lacking Lu Ming to be invincible…
That afternoon, Lu Ming had just finished his nap when the alarm bell on the watchtower rang once again.
It was another enemy attack!
Lu Ming was not in a bad mood when he woke up.
But even the most patient person would feel offended when they saw dozens of human-headed monsters flying in the sky.
“Are you done!?”
“After beating up the young, the old comes. After beating up three, you brought another 30, right?!”
You can’t beat me, no matter how many of you come… And yet, you still come to provoke me…
It was like swatting a fly, only to attract more flies.
Such situations were most vexing.
With a stern face, Lu Ming took out his sword and leaped out of Good Hope Village, preparing to deal with this trouble.
As Lu Ming moved, the human-headed monsters followed him outside.
This time, with no need to worry about the safety of his home, Lu Ming went all out with full force!
As the saying went, whether you herd a sheep alone or you herd a flock of sheep, you were using the same effort.
In a situation where the difference in individual strength was too great, the number would become meaningless!
No matter how much blood control ability was exerted on Lu Ming, it could not coagulate his blood.
No matter how many ultrasound waves surged into Lu Ming’s ears, it could only make him feel stifled and annoyed.
There was no actual harm.
On the other hand, Lu Ming would definitely draw blood when he swung his sword.
Amidst the sword qi, the human-headed monsters screamed in agony and were tortured until they were completely battered!
The afternoon task of shooting zombies from the tower was passively changed to a sword practice session.
Lu Ming adopted the spirit of All Q—practicing anything was good if it could enhance his strength.
In this way, most of his pent-up frustration dissipated.
The entire afternoon was spent on torturing weak opponents.
It was not until dinner time was over that the remaining ten or so human-headed monsters finally let out strange cries and flew away.
They ran away…
Lu Ming actually wanted to chase after them because these creatures were just so annoying.
However, firstly, these things could fly. Secondly, they were scattered in all directions. Thirdly, they possessed strong self-healing abilities!
After chasing for about half an hour, Lu Ming returned with an ugly expression.
“More than half of them ran away…”
At dinner time, Lu Ming seemed a little depressed at the dining table.
Those human-headed monsters had messed with his mood…
However, when Lu Ming secretly opened his attribute panel, his mood became a little better.
His Basic Sword Technique had increased to Lvi9 (1500/1900), and even his fitness skills had increased by 100 proficiency points.
One could only say that today’s time was not wasted.
After dinner and taking a short break, Lu Ming began his nightly resistance stance training.
However, he did not know that the Blood Flesh Mother Tree in Linhai County was in a deep dilemma…
“He didn’t get hurt!?
How could he not be hurt?!
Where’s his hair?! Where’s his sweat? Don’t tell me you didn’t get any of these things either!”
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree could no longer suppress its anger… and the surviving human-headed monsters that were lucky enough to escape stood silently at the foot of the Mother Tree.
They wanted to say, “How can you not know our results?” but they did not dare to speak out directly.
The Mother Tree also knew what had happened in the afternoon. And its current rage was just an emotional outburst; it did not need a definite outcome.
Anyway, all in all.
The Tier 5 human-headed monsters attacked Lu Ming but could not break through his defense, so they naturally could not collect his blood.
As for his sweat, there might have been some, as Lu Ming would definitely sweat during combat. However, his sword aura was a long-range attack, and the human-headed monsters could not get close to him, so there was no way to collect his sweat, hair, or skin flakes.
All their efforts were in vain…
Thinking of this, the heads on the branches of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree sighed in unison.
“It’s not easy to deal with.”
It was just like how a factory needed electricity, raw materials, and so on to produce products.
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree also needed energy reserves to produce monsters.
Creating dozens of human-headed monsters at noon had already exhausted the reserve energy of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree. In the short term, it would not be able to create more monsters.
Moreover, everything in the afternoon had already proven that numbers alone were not enough to control Lu Ming. If they wanted to deal with Lu Ming, they had to rely on quality.
However, Gris was the strongest biological sample the Blood Flesh Mother Tree’s had. It really could not produce anything stronger.
The situation was stuck in a stalemate.
After a short contemplation, the Mother Tree came up with another solution.
“The energy reserves work must continue, more! I need more biomass!
Then, you guys… go to Lu Ming’s house tonight and secretly collect his biological samples.”
Hair, right?
Skin flakes, right?
There must be some in your home, right?
Surely, there must be some in your bed, right?
There must be some in your bathroom, right!?
You, Lu Ming, could not possibly not lose any hair or avoid going to the toilet, right?!
This was indeed a good idea..


CHAPTER-123
Chapter 123: Setting Out!

That night, the human-headed monsters set out once again.
Taking advantage of the quiet night, they moved silently and arrived near the gathering place on Guangping Street at 2 a.m. in the morning.
At 2 a.m. in the morning, it was the time when humans were sound asleep.
Moreover, this time, the Mother Tree had even arranged a Special Operations Squad and equipped them with a secret weapon.
A human-headed monster with Mass Invisibility ability.
The emergence of this special ability brought more possibilities.
Despite the guards on Guangping Street gathering place and the well-lit surroundings during the night, they could not defend against this swift and eerie invasion.
The human-headed monsters successfully arrived near Lu Ming’s house without alerting anyone.
Just as the Mother Tree was about to give the order for an all-out attack, all the human-headed monsters suddenly felt their bodies sink!
In a nearby house, Zhang Chengcheng pushed open the window, looked outside, and extended her right hand, activating the gravity field to its maximum.
Before the human-headed monsters could react, the window on the second floor of Lu Ming’s house opened as well.
Lu Ming gritted his teeth.
“I knew it! 1 knew you would come again!”
Lu Ming knew that these monsters would not give up harassing him!
Lu Ming still did not quite understand their purpose, but after enduring their visits during noon and afternoon, now it made sense that there would be another visit at night.
In order to wait for these monsters, Lu Ming had only slept for a short while at night.
When these human-headed monsters flew above Guangping Street, the sound of wings flapping in the air had already woken Lu Ming up.
Invisibility?
This was indeed useful.
But you didn’t know how to control airflow and sound… Lu Ming has ears!
A sleepless night of rage made Lu Ming’s eyes filled with killing intent.
At 25 years old, he was already past the age of pulling all-nighters and staying energetic!
These human-headed monsters were messing with Lu Ming. How was Lu Ming supposed to plan for the next day’s activities!?
How to catch up on sleep in just one day!?
Leaping out of the window, Lu Ming landed in front of the invisible monsters.
With a slash of the long sword in his hand, he coincidentally killed the invisible human-headed monster. This human-headed monster had no self-healing ability.
The invisibility was dispelled, and Lu Ming did not hesitate to swing his sword again!
What had already happened twice was repeating itself…
This time, Lu Ming had also learned to be cunning.
In order to prevent these monsters from escaping again, Lu Ming called out to Zhang Chengcheng.
There was no need for Cheng Cheng to participate in the battle. It was enough for her to use her Gravity superpower to prevent the human-headed monsters from fleeing.
Zhang Chengcheng did an outstanding job.
By the time the day was breaking, all the head monsters had been wiped out at the gathering place.
Several houses were overturned by the aftermath of the battle.
Some farmlands were destroyed.
Naturally, there were no casualties.
However, standing under the morning sun, Lu Ming felt no sense of triumph.
He looked in the direction from which the human-headed monstershad flown until Zhang Chengcheng, Wang Xiong, Huo Sheng, and the others arrived by his side.
“This won’t do,”
Lu Ming spoke.
The others remained silent.
Lu Ming continued, “They’re not important. They’re just a bunch of assembly line products. What’s important is the assembly line that produces these monsters.”
“I don’t know why that thing keeps coming to bother me repeatedly.”
“1 only know that there’s a saying – a thief can last a thousand days, but there’s no defense against a thief for a thousand days.”
There was a batch today.
Tomorrow, another batch would come.
Three times a day.
Who could withstand this!?
Was Lu Ming still able to sleep anymore?
Right now, the threat posed by the monster assembly line was already laid bare before Lu Ming, making him unable to make any other choice.
“Prepare the car. I have to go out.”
Lu Ming informed Wang Xiong and then went home to prepare the necessary supplies for leaving home.
If possible, Lu Ming did not want to leave his house.
But the current situation forced him to do so, and the urgency was even higher than the previous two times!
In fact, the urgency of the situation this time was far higher than the previous two times!
The previous two outings were for supplies.
But this time, he really went out for the safety of his life!
“Weapons, water, food.”
And…
“Zombie Crystals!”
Yes, zombie crystals were also a necessity.
Lu Ming did not know what he would encounter next. With his current strength, could he deal with that monster assembly line?
The zombie crystals were prepared for this purpose.
If the situation was not bad, he would immediately level up!
Doubling his physical fitness and awakening his superpowers at the same time! Lu Ming did not believe that he could not deal with the monster assembly line then.
Of course, if he could avoid leveling up, he would…. Once he leveled up, it would delay his daily routine of farming attributes.
It all came down to weighing the pros and cons.
After finishing the preparations, Lu Ming sat by the bed and opened the attribute panel.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Mortal Realm, Level 1
Strength: 753.1
Physique: 764.4
Agility: 753-6
Free Attribute Points: 35
Superpower: Awakening in progress…
Skills:
Fitness Lv25 (1900/2500).
Slingshot Shooting LV31 (268/3100)
Crossbow Archery Lv26 (35/2600)
Bow Archery Lv26 (487/2600)
Firearms Shooting Lv25 (1330/2500)
Hand-to-hand Combat LV30 (658/3000).
Cold Weapon Combat LV30 (652/3000)
Basic Spearmanship LV25 (210/2500)
Throw Lvi7 (60/1700)
Basic Sword Technique Lvi9 (1500/1900).
Basic Blade Technique Lvi7 (200/1,700).
Basic Staff Technique Lvi5 (100/1500).
Stance Techniques:
Tiger Steps Stance Lvi7 (0/1700).
Resistance Stance Lvi8 (0/1800).
Origin Skill:
Basic Breathing Technique (Entry) (1/100).
After allocating all the 35 free attribute points,
Lu Ming’s basic attributes became:
Strength: 763.1
Physique: 774.4
Agility: 768.6
Everything was ready.
Lu Ming slung the backpack on his back, pushed open the door, and strode out.
Day 117 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Thursday.
Today, there was no exercise.
They set off at five in the morning and followed the route that the human-headed monsters had flown over, searching for clues.
In the car, Lu Ming ate some jerky hastily to replenish his energy, so that he would not experience sudden hypoglycemia during a battle.
After that, Lu Ming closed his eyes and rested.
On the other hand, Zhang Chengcheng, Huo Sheng, and the others could not help but keep looking out of the window.
Yes, Huo Sheng was also with the team, along with the Black Mist Exploration Team led by Bai Tianyu and Duan Mei.
After about an hour of traveling, they did not encounter any zombies along the way. It was as if all the zombies in the city had disappeared.
Until Huo Sheng, who was beside him, suddenly spoke.
“Stop for a moment.”
The convoy came to a halt. Huo Sheng whispered something and then Bai Tianyu who was in the back of the car led two team members in a different direction.
About half an hour later, Bai Tianyu returned and whispered something to Huo Sheng. Huo Sheng issued another order.
“Southeast.”
The convoy started moving again.
In just over ten minutes, everyone saw groups of zombies heading towards Linhai County in the distance.
Then, Lu Ming opened his eyes.
He could vaguely see the zombie in the lead. It had the body of a Tank, but it had the head of a child.
“A Head monster,”
Lu Ming muttered, drawing a nod from Huo Sheng.
“Yes.”
“That human-headed monster is leading the zombies towards a specific location.”
Logically speaking, there were many Awakened in this convoy, so it should have attracted a zombie wave.
However, at this moment, even though the convoy was only a few hundred meters away from the zombies, the zombies remained undisturbed.
This was enough to indicate something.
Huo Sheng spoke again, “Follow them. Their destination is our destination..”


CHAPTER-124
Chapter 124: Decisive Battle!

The convoy followed behind the zombie horde.
They seemed to be sneaky and discreet, but in reality, they were thoroughly seen through by the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
When the apocalypse arrived, human networks and communications were all cut off, and city-wide surveillance was naturally impossible.
However, the appearance of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree had reshaped this city-wide surveillance network with the Mother Tree as the core, all subsidiaries shared perception and vision.
No one knew exactly how many monsters the Blood Flesh Mother Tree had created- there were dozens of Tier 5 creatures, and who knew how many low-level ones were there?
As a result, regardless of whether Lu Ming and the others were aware of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree’s ability, they could not avoid its surveillance and tracking.
In Linhai County, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, which sensed that Lu Ming and the others were preparing to attack, fell into deep thought again.
After some thought, the Mother Tree did not instruct the zombie horde that was being tracked to change its directions.
To a certain extent, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree was a bug in Nanxiang City and it was also the ultimate creature in Nanxiang City!
Although it had just obtained intelligence, it had already found its position in the ecosystem of Nanxiang City—the strongest!
The strongest naturally had pride, and it was not afraid of trouble from Lu Ming; instead, it felt joy and excitement at Lu Ming actively coming to its doorstep.
At the foot of the Mother Tree.
A large number of zombies, exotic beasts, and even humans were all lined up and being integrated into the fungal carpet.
They turned into nutrients. Not only did they replenish the consumption of the Mother Tree from yesterday, but also taking its abilities to a higher level!
Densely packed human heads were spread out on the branches of the Mother Tree.
The reddish branches were full of vitality.
The heads all murmured in unison.
“Come on… come on!”
“Don’t make me wait too long!”
Linhai County, near the suburbs.
The four human-headed creatures were walking towards Linhai County.
It was a rather strange combination.
The one in the lead was a Tier 5 Gris Human-Headed Monster.
Behind him were two Devourers and a human.
They were Simba, Lian Jie, and Xu Rufang, one human and two zombies.
At this moment, Xu Rufang was curled up in Lian Jie’s tentacles, not even daring to breathe.
Simba and Lian Jie, like marionettes on strings, quickly followed the human-headed monster towards Linhai County like puppets.
The story was simple.
After their last escape, Simba’s group was caught by the human-headed monster again.
Just like how Gris had suppressed them back then.
In front of the Tier 5 Gris human-headed monster, they still had no ability to resist.
At this very moment, Simba and Lian Jie were shedding tears as they were wal Icing.
They did not know the details of what would happen next, but they could guess it fairly accurately.
In short… they could forget about surviving.
At that thought, Simba could not help but feel sorrowful.
“Who the f*ck did 1 offend… It’s not my fault that 1 became a zombie. It’s not my fault that I was born smart. It’s not my fault that I can run fast! I’ve tried so hard to avoid you freaks. Why did 1 end up like this!”
Throughout Simba s life, it s really smart.
Every time he encountered a death tribulation, he could always manage to escape from death.
But this time, it probably could not escape…
Indeed, it did not make any mistakes, nor did it actively provoke any monsters, so the word “unlucky11 was the only way to describe Simba1 s situation.
While Simba was grieving, the human-headed monster in front of him suddenly stopped.
The human-headed monster let out a long roar, a pair of wings grew on its back and it flapped its wings and flew high.
It had received a signal from the Mother Tree— “Assemble quickly!”
As a result, it abandoned Simba and Lian Jie and returned to Linhai County as quickly as possible!
The suppression from the high-level zombie quickly disappeared.
Simba and Lian Jie regained control of their bodies.
The two Devourers looked at each other speechlessly. They really could not understand the logic behind the human-headed monster’s actions.
Until Simba vaguely saw something swaying in the distance.
Turning to take a closer look, Simba was stunned.
“Look over there!”
Lian Jie also turned around and saw the scene Simba was pointing at.
Thousands of zombies led by a Tank-headed monster were heading towards Linhai County.
Behind the zombie horde, a convoy was closely following.
Under the morning sun, Simba vaguely saw a familiar face in the convoy.
It could not help but rub its eyes hard, and soon it let out an exclamation!
“Lunatic! It’s that Lunatic!!”
After the exclamation, it quickly covered its mouth, as if it was afraid that Lu Ming would hear it.
Then, he turned around and met Lian Jie’s eyes.
The eyes of the two Devourers suddenly lit up.
Freaks fighting freaks.
This was their favorite part!
Regardless of who won or lost, as long as they fought, it would be a battle of equals! This would create some survival space for them pitiful beings who only wanted to survive.
It was the first time Simba had such a desire…
It grabbed Lian Jie, who was about to escape again, and said coldly, “Let’s go and take a look this time! ”
Lian Jie said aggrievedly, “Brother, this is too risky…”
Simba was silent for a moment before shaking his head heavily, “We’ve never taken risks before, and what was the result? We re still being chased around like two wild dogs! Brother, I’ve had enough of these days! This time! Just once! Let’s go take a look! Let’s see which of these freaks can win in the end!”
Lian Jie did not understand why Simba had such thoughts.
Until his mother’s words reminded Lian Jie while it held him in its tentacles.
“If that human wins, our days ahead might be a little better.”
“But If that monster wins, we’ll probably be doomed.”
Lian Jie suddenly understood.
Looking at the convoy in the distance, Lian Jie immediately realized that the outcome of these two freaks would directly impact the fate of all creatures in Nanxiang City in the future!
Morning 8 a.m.
Lu Ming and his group arrived at their destination.
Linhai County.
The zombie horde in front, under the leadership of the human-headed monster, walked into Linhai County one by one, and disappeared without a trace.
But that was no longer important.
What was crucial was that Lu Ming and his team had already spotted their target this time!
The towering tree that reached the sky!
Vaguely recalling the words spoken by the Gris-head monster when they first encountered it.
“Mother Tree…”
Huo Sheng muttered these two words.
Lu Ming had already put on his backpack, picked up his battle sword, and hung the slingshot around his waist. Then, he strode directly towards Linhai County in the distance.
Before the others could say anything, Lu Ming spoke up.
“You all wait outside. 1’11 do it myself this time.”
After a moment of silence, everyone remained speechless.
He had no choice.
Facing a production line that could generate Level 5 creatures, anyone accompanying Lu Ming would only be a burden and a drag!
Everyone present knew this very well.
For now, all Huo Sheng and the others could do was to watch Lu Ming head into the battlefield.
Lu Ming did not have too many sentimental thoughts.
The situation was quite simple for him.
These creatures produced by the Mother Tree had been disturbing his daily life, making it hard for him to sleep well. Now, at this moment, he was here to seek an explanation!
You won’t give me an explanation!
Then I’ll give you an explanation!
It was that simple!


CHAPTER-125
Chapter 125: Your Life Is Meaningless!

There was nothing in Linhai County, except for that astonishingly gigantic Mother Tree-
Stepping into Linhai County, Lu Ming looked around but did not see any significant targets worth his attention.
Vaguely, Lu Ming felt countless gazes from the distant Mother Tree fixed upon him.
It, or perhaps they, were sizing him up.
But it did not matter.
Raising his head to look at the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, Lu Ming tightened his grip on his battle sword and walked unhurriedly towards the Mother Tree.
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree was at a distance away.
The moment Lu Ming stepped into Linhai County, all the heads on the Blood Flesh Mother Tree turned their gazes at Lu Ming.
Lu Ming seemed to be aware of their gaze.
But Lu Ming did not show any response.
Similarly, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree remained silent.
Instead, it made all its subordinates shrink under the tree roots and waited calmly for Lu Ming to approach.
About 10 minutes later.
Lu Ming arrived at the foot of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
Although it was said to be the foot of the tree, given the size of the Mother Tree, Lu Ming was still nearly a thousand meters away from it in a straight line.
Lowering his head, Lu Ming saw a thick layer of sticky red substance under his feet, with some strip-like things contracting and twitching beneath it.
“Disgusting,” Lu Ming muttered.
Lu Ming did not like the color red.
Red represented blood, conflict, slaughter, and trouble!
As for a red carpet that could move, one could imagine how disgusting it was.
“It’s called matrix.”
A voice came from afar.
It was the mixed voices of countless heads speaking.
Lu Ming raised his head and looked at the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
“You can talk?” he asked.
“Yes.”
A branch of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree twitched and quickly stretched in front of Lu Ming.
On the branch, a bald young man’s head said, “Yes,” answering Lu Ming’s question.
This made Lu Ming shiver.
“You look disgusting enough,” he said, frowning.
A huge tree full of human heads?
And it was fleshy red in color?
Yuck!
Lu Ming showed a disgusted face.
Lu Ming’s expression stunned the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
A moment later, it smiled and said, “Shouldn’t a normal person be asking what a matrix is?”
Lu Ming: “What does the matrix have to do with me?”
Blood Flesh Mother Tree remained silent for a moment.” ”
‘You’re quite right. I can’t argue with that.’
Vaguely, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree felt that the man in front of it was not an easy guy!
It saw Lu Ming slowly draw his sword, seemingly preparing to engage in a fight, so the Blood Flesh Mother Tree hurriedly spoke, “Don’t be hasty. I like to chat with humans. My intelligence was born from chatting with a certain zombie.”
“I think that fighting and killing can be avoided if possible, or at least postponed. Before that, let’s have a simple chat.
After all, you and I are the strongest among the humans and non-humans in Nanxiang City. I believe our conversation is a historic moment with great commemorative significance!”
This made Lu Ming pause for a moment.
After some thought, Lu Ming nodded solemnly, “You’re right. We really need to talk.”
It was beneficial to discuss things reasonably in any situation.
Regardless of whether the opponent was a human or a monster.
How should he put it? For Lu Ming, whether the other party was a human or a monster did not matter, as long as it agreed with his principles, and not treat him as food, or disturb his life, both parties would be able to live in harmony!
You do your job.
1 farm my attributes.
Isn’t that great?
With this in mind, Lu Ming sheathed his sword and said, “I came this time to ask why you sent your subordinates to disturb me? Three times a day! What you’re doing troubles me.”
The head closest to Lu Ming nodded slightly, “I’m sorry to have troubled you. In fact, I sent my men to look for you for your genetic sample.
Your blood, a strand of hair, or even a drop of bodily fluid. That’s what I’m after.”
Lu Ming was about to say that the tree should have said so earlier, but he vaguely thought of something…
After some thought, Lu Ming said, “You want my genetic sample for…”
“To create warriors as powerful as you in batches.”
“To put it bluntly, it’s to become stronger, right?”
The Mother Tree thought for a moment and nodded, “Yes.”
“Then, what happens after you obtain greater strength?”
“Enter the Black Mist Zone and become the king of the Black Mist Zone! That’s my ultimate goal for now.
After I achieve this goal, I’ll think about my next goal.”
One could tell that the Blood Flesh Mother Tree was probably telling the truth.
Lu Ming thought for a moment and asked, “Then let me ask you again. When you get my genetic sample, what will you do to me?”
The Mother Tree answered without much thought, “I’ll devour you. Because a powerhouse like you contains so much energy in your flesh and blood, making you a sumptuous meal for me. Yes, that’s probably it.”
It still did not lie…
However, it made Lu Ming frown.
No matter how one said it, it was still a hunter-prey relationship!
There was nothing more to say!
Killing intent instantly filled the air, and Lu Ming drew his sword, preparing to attack.
Unexpectedly, the Mother Tree spoke again, “I understand you, Lu Ming.
1 know everything about you.”
This made Lu Ming pause for a moment before he heard the Blood Flesh Mother Tree continue.
“I can absorb the memories of everything I devour.
Zombies, humans, mutated beasts, and even wild beasts and insects!
From countless memories, 1 extracted all the fragments related to you. All these made up most of your life, so I learned everything about you.
I think your special ability is a superpower that can increase your strength through exercise and training.”
Lu Ming remained silent.
“And because of this superpower, your life has become simple and colorless. You seemed at a loss, without any goal or direction.”
These words made Lu Ming raise an eyebrow and restrain his killing intent.
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree continued, “I’ve really never seen someone like you. Your daily life consists of training, eating, and sleeping.
You have beautiful women by your side, but you are not attracted to them.
You have the power to seize everything in Nanxiang City, but you only care about doing your own things in your own small world.
I have delved deep into researching you… and found something confusing and puzzling. Now, I hope you can give me an answer.”
Lu Ming swung his battle sword, “Go ahead.”
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree said, “I want to kill you for strength. You exercise and train every day, all for strength. Is that right?”
Lu Ming nodded, “That’s right.”
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree said, “And I pursue strength to achieve my goal to become the king of the Black Mist Zone!
Then, what do you pursue after strength for?”
Lu Ming said in a deep voice, “To protect yourself…”
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree’s canopy shook as if it was shaking its head. “That is not the goal! It’s just an endless loop!”
“Think about it, how strong do you need to be to protect yourself? How strong do you have to be to obtain a sense of security that can satisfy you? There are too many powerful beings in the Black Mist. With your character, if your goal is only to protect yourself, you might never escape the endless cycle of leveling up attributes!”
Lu Ming said in a deep voice, “Then I’ll level up for the rest of my life.”
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree snorted.
“At the end of your life, you’ll be old and lying in bed, unable to move about. You’ll look back on your life and realize that other than eating, sleeping, and exercising, you’ve never done anything meaningful.
Every day, you equate yourself with exercise and training, just to become stronger.
Becoming stronger is just a means, not an end!
It’s meaningless to pursue strength as your goal and your dream!!
Your life, you as a person, are meaningless!!
What a dull and boring life, what a dull and boring person you are, Lu Ming…
Yes, that’s you, Lu Ming!”
The more the Mother Tree talked, the more excited it became, but she silenced Lu Ming.
After some thought, Lu Ming said, “Then what do you think I should do?”
The Mother Tree replied, “Merge with me!”
“Then, we’ll become a team. You’ll provide me with strength, and I’ll bring you a new goal in life! I’ll give you a dream!!
What do you think?”
Lu Ming said, “I think you’re treating me like a fool… or maybe you’re the fool here!”
Pulling out his sword, the sword qi erupted and instantly cut off the tree branch in front of him.
Lu Ming frowned and looked at the Blood Flesh Mother Tree in front of him. He asked in confusion, “Who taught you this MLM scheme?”
Gris said, “I’m not talented…”


CHAPTER-126
Chapter 126: Mother Tree: Give It to Me!

Multi “level marketing was an old thing.
Even a homebody like Lu Ming could easily describe the MLM tactics -Trying to deceive Lu Ming with such tricks was obviously wishful thinking.
The Mother Tree was not surprised by the situation.
It was a test to begin with.
It wanted to test Lu Ming’s reaction.
In its impression, there seemed to be something wrong with Lu Ming… When dealing with an abnormal powerhouse, it would have to use all kinds of crooked methods. Who knew if some moves that did not work on normal people might work on lunatics?
At this moment, the negotiation between the two parties had collapsed.
There was nothing more to say!
Lu Ming, in order to secure a peaceful future life, had no choice but to fight.
On the other hand, the Mother Tree was determined to obtain Lu Ming’s genetic samples and the energy contained within his body, and it would not give up until it achieved its goal.
There was no deep-seated grudge between them.
However, their positions on the ecosystem chain determined the strength of these two strongest creatures in Nanxiang City. They had no choice but to distinguish between their superiority and inferiority!
In the next second, Lu Ming exerted strength on his feet and charged like a wild bull towards the main body of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree in the distance.
At the same time, from the fungus carpet under Lu Ming s feet, a large number of Mother Tree roots broke out of the ground and swept towards Lu Ming like a storm!
Lu Ming had thought that the Blood Flesh Mother Tree relied solely on the human-headed monsters it had created.
However, in their initial clash, he discovered that the real strength of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree lay in its towering main body!
Those branches were like sabers and swords, sharp and powerful. There were dense barbs on them, which emitted a faint red light probably poisonous.
In any case, Lu Ming did not dare to test it with his body, to see how lethal this thing was.
The battle sword in his hand shuttled like a butterfly, and the sword qi splattered from the blade.
The lethality of the sword qi was very strong.
It had a significant effect when cutting through the Mother Tree’s root system.
However, Lu Ming could keenly perceive that the defensive ability of the Mother Tree Root system was even stronger than that of the level 5 Gris human-headed monster. This indirectly accelerated Lu Ming’s physical consumption.
And there were too many roots…
Looking down from the sky, at this moment, Lu Ming seemed to be trapped in a dense reed marsh higher than a person.
His entire body was completely submerged in the dense tangle of roots. Only the faintly visible sword qi and the undulating roots could reveal his presence.
In the past, a thousand-meter distance was nothing to Lu Ming. He could cross it with a few big jumps.
However, under the obstruction of the Mother Tree, the thousand-meter distance today gave Lu Ming the feeling of an endless road.
Until an even stronger and larger sword beam flashed through the roots.
Lu Ming cut through the layer of roots above his head.
He forcefully pushed off with both legs, and his entire body shot up into the sky like a rocket.
In midair, Lu Ming treaded on nothingness, moving through the air. The dense roots under his feet chased after him, but the sense of oppression was much weaker than when he was on the ground.
“Boom!”
“Boom!”
A series of air-piercing sounds rang out as Lu Ming treaded on the air, and quickly teleported towards the Mother Tree’s main body!
Three steps.
It was only three steps!
Lu Ming had already arrived at the foot of the Mother Tree!
“Well, as expected…’1
The human heads on the Mother Tree looked at Lu Ming below and said in unison.
As Lu Ming was the strongest individual in Nanxiang City, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree did not expect to rely on its roots to prevent him from reaching its main body.
But it didn’t matter…
Under the gaze of all the human-headed creatures, Lu Ming suddenly drew his sword and swung it!
An even stronger and fiercer sword qi splashed out from the blade and slashed straight at the trunk of the Mother Tree!
There was a ripping sound.
The battle sword simply slashed into the tree trunk. Sword qi erupted from within the tree trunk, instantly blasting a three-person-wide huge hole in the tree trunk!
“Boom!”
Another strike!
It was hard to describe the speed at which Lu Ming swung his sword at this moment.
He was like a pile driver, continuously unleashing sword beams that struck the tree trunk of the Mother Tree. Soon, he smashed a huge pit ten meters deep in the tree trunk.
But…
“Does it work?”
The heads on the Mother Tree spoke in unison again and asked.
Then, one could see a red substrate squirming swiftly in the deep pit that had just been smashed out. In a few breaths, it had healed most of the damage to the Mother Tree.
Lu Ming frowned.
However, he continued to strike.
On the other hand, the Mother Tree chuckled.
“Don’t waste your effort…
To be honest, my form is rather special. Other than creating monsters, the only attack method I have are those roots.”
To put it bluntly, the main body of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree only had one attack method entangling with its roots.
It was indeed powerful, but also very monotonous.
“I agree with one of your ideas, which is: a sense of security.
All living beings need a sense of security.
My body’s mobility is especially slow, so I focused most of my energy on defense and self-healing.”
The defensive ability of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree’s main body was very outstanding.
The defensive capability of its trunk was even stronger than that of its roots. The roots’ defensive power was stronger than that of a Level 5 creature. It was evident that the trunk’s defensive ability was even stronger.
Just its defensive power alone was not enough.
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree s self-healing ability was even more superb!
Reminiscing about the time when Chang Yi first emerged, he came to find trouble with the Blood Flesh Mother Tree at that time, the Mother Tree was still ignorant and had no intelligence, and its ability was much weaker than now.
Even so, it had withstood Chang Yi’s relentless bombardment for a whole hour… and it did so effortlessly.
This was what they called investing heavily in immortality because of the fear of death.
He slashed 888 times again.
Lu Ming panted heavily and frowned at his results.
There was no effect.
The thick blade marks on the tree trunk had perfectly healed without leaving any scars in the time Lu Ming took to catch his breath. Its regenerative ability was comparable to that of Gris’s human-headed monster!
“So, what moves do you have? Show me again!”
The Mother Tree chuckled as if it was mocking him.
Then, it said again in a teasing tone, “Oh, oh, oh, your superpower increases your strength through training. You don’t have a long-range offensive superpower! Could the sword qi be your strongest attack? No way, noway.” “Tsk, tsk, tsk. Then you really can’t do anything to me…”
Lu Ming indeed did not have any methods to counter such strong regenerative ability.
In the past, Lu Ming would continuously torture and kill such opponents until their energy was exhausted.
He really only had this one method….
And if he wanted to exhaust the Mother Tree’s reserve energy,
Judging from the size of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, it seemed like an impossible task.
Not to mention…
“Mr. Lu Ming, you’re sweating.” The Mother Tree’s voice suddenly rang in Lu Ming’s ears, causing him to be slightly stunned.
Wiping his forehead, Lu Ming realized that he was already sweating profusely.
Some of the sweat even dripped down Lu Ming’s face, drenching his clothes and the red matrix fungus blanket under his feet.
The heads on the Mother Tree suddenly burst into laughter in unison.
“I’ve already collected your genetic samples!
Lu Ming! You’re finished!
So, bring it on!”


CHAPTER-127
Chapter 127: Clone: Lu Ming, Attribute: 10.

The Mother Tree really wanted to say that everything was under its control!
That was indeed the case…
You came to my territory, and you, Lu Ming, still want to go back in one piece? Stop fooling around. I’m also very awesome, okay?
It could be said that the moment Lu Ming arrived in Linhai County, his genetic sample had already become the possession of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
Can you fight? You can fight, sure.
But will you get injured? Will you bleed?
Fine.
But will you sweat? Will you lose hair?
Maybe not lose hair, but sweating is inevitable!
I, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, am not weak either. Can you easily handle me without breaking a sweat?
Don’t make me laugh!
As long as Lu Ming sweated…
His genetic sample would inevitably be obtained by the Mother Tree!
There was no need for Lu Ming’s sweat to drip on the ground…
Even the evaporated sweat was also sweat. It could also be used as a genetic sample!
Even when Lu Ming was entangled with the roots, Lu Ming’s genetic sample had already been obtained by the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
In the Blood Flesh Mother Tree’s body, a large amount of energy was transferred to the tree trunk.
This was not just for healing the damage caused by Lu Ming, but also for analyzing Lu Ming’s genes!
Generally speaking, the more powerful the biological sample, the more time the Mother Tree would need to analyze it.
At that time, Gris and the Mother Tree had taken a full three minutes to analyze.
Based on Lu Ming’s strength, the Mother Tree estimated that it would take about 30 minutes to an hour to analyze.
But it did not matter…
The Mother Tree could handle it completely.
In order to prevent Lu Ming from escaping, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree once again taunted him.
“Now that I’ve obtained your genetic sample, soon, 1’11 be able to mass-produce clones of you, Lu Ming.
I’m sorry for the three times of harassment yesterday. But never again, 1 swear.
Because the next time, there will be three or even thirty of you coming to find you.
Lu Ming, I really want to see how you will perform against multiple opponents of the same strength as you.”
Lu Ming put away his battle sword instead, not caring about the idle chatter of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
He secretly sized up the Blood Flesh Mother Tree in front of him for a while. After about five seconds, he said, “Have you analyzed it?”
The Blood Flesh Mother said, “How can it be so fast… Huh? Wait a moment…”
Inside its body, the analysis of Lu Ming’s genes had been completed.
Total time: 15 seconds…
Before the mother tree could recover, Lu Ming said, “Make a clone for me to see.”
At this moment, Lu Ming seemed quite eager.
The abnormal analysis time and Lu Ming’s unusual attitude directly perplexed the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
However, after careful consideration, the Mother Tree could not find the root of the problem.
Unlike completely devouring someone to gain their knowledge and memories, the Mother Tree only obtained Lu Ming’s genetic sample and did not acquire his memories. It was only able to replicate his physical body.
After some thought, the Mother Tree decided to take action directly.
“If you want to see it, I’ll show you!”
A large amount of energy was channeled into the matrix.
Underground, inside the matrix, a body of Lu Ming body quickly took shape!
At the same time, a male head swayed on a branch and fell onto the matrix like a ripe melon, fusing with the body.
However, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree felt that something was terribly wrong…
To replicate a body, it required consuming the Mother Tree’s reserve energy.
Generally, the stronger the body, the more energy it requires, and the longer the production time.
In fact, in order to replicate Lu Ming’s clone immediately, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree had already accumulated a vast amount of energy—today, it did not even create any human-headed monsters, which showed how much energy the Mother Tree had stored.
But…
In just five seconds, Lu Ming’s clone was formed.
Moreover, the energy consumption was almost negligible, similar to that of a
Tier 1 creature…
This is not right!
This is definitely not right!
That should not be the case.
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree was at a loss.
However, its hands did not stop moving.
Hence, Lu Ming and the Blood Flesh Mother Tree saw something about ten meters away.
A Lu Ming with someone else’s head appeared.
With just a glance, Lu Ming and the Blood Flesh Mother Tree could tell that something was wrong.
“This clone you created is malnourished, right?”
Lu Ming’s current height had already reached 2.4 meters.
He weighed nearly half a ton!
Tall and strong!
This was the first impression Lu Ming gave anyone.
However, the clone seemed a little ridiculous.
He was only 1.8 meters tall, and his physique was definitely not strong. The body shape was probably at the level of a passer-by.
Anyone with eyes could see the difference between the clone and the original…
“This is not right!”
The Mother Tree could not bear it any longer and exclaimed loudly.
It quickly issued a command and saw the clone of Lu Ming rushing towards the real Lu Ming.
Then, with one punch, it struck Lu Ming’s waist…
“Get lost, idiot.”
Lu Ming retaliated with a backhanded slap, turning the clone into a pancake…
Thus, the atmosphere in the entire Linhai County instantly froze.
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree looked at Lu Ming and then at the replica of Lu Ming who had been slapped to death.
It was utterly baffled.
Lu Ming grinned instead.
“Do you know why?” he asked.
The bewildered Blood Flesh Mother Tree instinctively replied, “Why?”
“I’m not telling you….”
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree fell completely silent…
Soon, another Lu Ming’s clone was created.
This time, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree conducted a comprehensive analysis of this body.
The results were clear.
Clone of Lu Ming.
Level: Level 1
No Awakened abilities.
The physical condition was on par with a regular Level 1 Awakened…
What on earth is going on!!
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree kept repeating this question in its mind over and over again.
It could not figure it out at all!
Lu Ming, however, heaved a sigh of relief.
Lu Ming definitely knew the reason…
He thought about how he had gained such great strength from the apocalypse until now.
99.99% of his achievements were undoubtedly due to his own efforts, but the assistance of the system could not be ignored—the importance of the system was about 0.01%.
‘It could not be any higher.’
In short, he was an ordinary person, as ordinary as it got.
Lu Ming’s greatest trump card was this unknown system.
It was the system that made Lu Ming work non-stop to obtain power!
Lu Ming was just an ordinary person. He could not be any more ordinary.
It was the system that made Lu Ming extraordinary—it had nothing to do with his genes.
What was certain was that the origin of the system was unknown, but it was incredibly powerful.
Lu Ming did not believe that the Blood Flesh Mother Tree could replicate the system, no matter how awesome it was.
That possibility did not exist!
So what’s the point of replicating my genes?
I’m just an ordinary Level 1 Awakened!
Without replicating the system, everything else is meaningless!
However, there was no need to explain all of this to the Blood Flesh Mother
Tree.
Now that he knew the result, Luming felt at ease.
Meanwhile, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree was still in a state of confusion and could not extricate itself.
On the other side, Lu Ming raised his sword again, preparing to use the main body of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree for target practice.
Lu Ming had to admit that this Blood Flesh Mother Tree was tough to deal with.
To kill it, he either needed to advance to the next level, which might not be enough even if he reached it, or he had to use a slow and cumbersome method to drain the Blood Flesh Mother Tree’s energy.
Seeing that the Blood Flesh Mother Tree could not replicate his full power, Lu Ming abandoned the idea of advancing to the next level. Instead, he prepared to deal with this scourge using the dumbest and slowest method.
“Rip.”
Rip.
It was the sound of a battle sword slashing against a tree trunk.
At this moment, Lu Ming was like a hardworking lumberjack or a foolish old man moving a mountain.
Until the Blood Flesh Mother Tree’s anxious and pained voice suddenly sounded.
Brother, Brother Lu, wait a moment.. Shall we discuss it again?”


CHAPTER-128
Chapter 128: Are You Convinced?

“Brother, Brother Lu, wait a moment. Shall we discuss it again?”
When Lu Ming heard the Blood Flesh Mother Tree say this, he knew one thing.
It was getting anxious, it was getting anxious!
But what did it have to do with Lu Ming?!
“If you knew this would happen, why did you do it?”
Muttering this classic ancient saying, Lu Ming’s actions did not cease. He seemed determined to keep hacking at the Mother Tree until it was cut down.
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree s heart sank to the bottom.
What did it mean for the Blood Flesh Mother Tree not to replicate Lu Ming’s power?
This meant that the plan had failed in all aspects!
The problem was not how the absence of Lu Ming’s clone would affect it.
Without Lu Ming’s clone, it would still be the tyrant of Nanxiang, still the second-most special being in Nanxiang City.
The problem was that in order to obtain Lu Ming’s power, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree had offended Lu Ming to the point of no return..
It had already shown malicious intent in front of Luming, and this malicious intent could not be simply brushed off with a few words.
If it could perfectly replicate Lu Ming’s ability, the mother tree would not care about malicious intent—create the clone, then kill Luming, and it’s done.
But now the situation did not develop that way.
It made the Blood Flesh Mother Tree appear utterly ridiculous.
“Brother Lu, it was all a misunderstanding!” it pleaded.
“Are you treating me like a fool again? I’m sure that what happened between the two of us is definitely not a misunderstanding!”
As he brandished his sword, Lu Ming retorted angrily, “Just wait for death!”
“Bang! Bang! Bang!”
Another series of continuous strikes.
The damage was severe, the insult strong, and it depleted a lot of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree’s energy.
After confirming Lu Ming’s determination to kill, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree immediately launched a counterattack!
Behind it, more roots and tendrils protruded from the red matrix carpet and swept toward Lu Ming.
On the other side of the Mother Tree’s trunk, a large number of human-headed monsters received the Mother Tree’s command and swarmed towards Lu Ming, using their lives to drain his stamina.
But were these methods effective?
Not of much use…
Although the root system was strong, as long as it touched Lu Ming’s sword energy, it would only break.
Moreover, Lu Ming felt that regrowing the roots would also consume the Mother Tree’s reserve energy-in other words, cutting down the roots and cutting down the tree trunk would have the same effect on Lu Ming.
The same went for the human-headed monsters.
Furthermore, although Gris’s human-headed monsters had the strength of a Tier 5, what happened before had proven that Tier 5 human-headed monsters were nothing to Lu Ming.
What Luming feared most about them was their ability to escape combined with their self-healing abilities—in other words, they were not easy to catch.
Now that Lu Ming was the attacker and they were the defenders, they could nor escape and would not cause so much trouble for Lu Ming.
In short, Lu Ming was like another tree under the Blood Flesh Mother Tree’s feet. Standing in place, he would not move but wielded his sword fiercely, as if he wanted to compete with the Blood Flesh Mother Tree in endurance.
Lu Ming did not know what the Mother Tree was feeling. In any case, Lu Ming felt that he had slowly found some enjoyment in this matter.
Basic Sword Techniques Lviq-Lvia (0/2000).
Basic Sword Techniques Lv20-Lv21!
Exercising against living beings provided more proficiency than exercising against dead objects.
Combat provided more proficiency than sparring.
Furthermore, Lu Ming’s every slash was focused and intense, so it was only natural for his skill proficiency to soar.
The entire morning passed in this combat that seemed more like training.
Only when he realized that his stamina had dropped to the warning line did Lu Ming slowly put away his sword.
He turned his head and looked around.
All around him were broken roots and the corpses of human-headed monsters.
He looked up.
Up above, the once bright red Blood Flesh Mother Tree had now faded considerably.
Its branches drooped weakly, and its overall appearance resembled that of a dejected loser. The heads on the branches were far less lively than before, instead looking dejected and worn out.
“I’m tired.”
Lu Ming spoke.
But these words aroused the reaction from the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
A branch extended in front of Lu Ming, and the heads on the branch said pitifully to Lu Ming,
“Then let’s stop here? Brother Lu, I promise that I won’t provoke you again from now on. If 1 go back on my word, I’ll be struck by lightning!”
“Huh.” Lu Ming sneered and said, “You’re full of lies, kid; there’s no need to tell me that. Anyway, wait for me. I’ll go back for a meal and a nap first. We can continue in the afternoon.”
If the Blood Flesh Mother Tree was compared to the Nexus in League of Legends, then Lu Ming would be a hero.
He was the type of hero who wasn’t afraid of defense turrets and did not care about super minions.
He charged into the enemy base and destroyed the Nexus. He fought when he wanted to fight and ran when he wanted to run.
Even if the enemy Nexus could slowly regenerate health, could it regenerate faster than I can destroy it?
The strategy had been established, and Lu Ming intended to stick to it.
Wasn’t it just a battle of health bars?
Your health bar might be thick, but it’s useless when I can hit you without breaking your defense! What can you do about it?
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree was utterly desperate…
However, it did not know how to salvage the situation.
It could only watch as Lu Ming bent his legs, preparing to jump up and leave Linhai County.
Unexpectedly, in the end, Lu Ming stopped in his tracks.
He turned to look at the Blood Flesh Mother Tree and said solemnly,
“By the way, before 1 leave, I want to chat with you for a while.
About the topic we discussed before.
You said that my life was about training and nothing else, that my life was dull, tasteless and meaningless.
You also said that protecting myself wasn’t a clear goal in life and that striving to become stronger was a meaningless dream.
Now, I’d like to say that you’re wrong.”
Lu Ming took out his battle sword and gently patted the tree trunk of the mother tree as he calmly spoke.
“Striving to become stronger is also a goal! It’s also a dream!
If I didn’t aim to become stronger, 1 wouldn’t have my current strength. Then today, the outcome between us would have been completely different.
1 admit that you have goals and dreams, and you are great and noble!
But what’s the use of having goals and dreams?!
Aren’t your dreams going to be shattered by someone like me, someone with a meaningless life?
Now, I’m telling you the truth.’”
At this point, Lu Ming enunciated every word.
“My dreams might seem meaningless to you, but such meaningless dreams can crush your high-end, grand, and classy dreams.
My life isn’t just about gaining strength.
I can also gain strength by beating you.
Now, I ask you.
Are you convinced?”
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree felt that its young heart had suffered tons of damage!
It watched with its mouth agape as Lu Ming soared into the sky and stepped out of Linhai County. It took a while for the Blood Flesh Mother Tree to regain its composure!
Suddenly, countless heads on its branches opened their eyes, and an angry and urgent chorus of voices erupted in anger!
“I refuse to accept this!”
“I don’t accept this!!”
“Why the f*ck am I defeated by someone like you! I’m not convinced, I’m not convinced!!”
Being provoked, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree finally spoke its mind.
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree begged for mercy and surrendered, but it was only partially sincere, ultimately just trying to save itself.
Beep down, it always felt that Lu Ming was more like a machine, running through monotonous routines every day.
He was too simple.
To the extent that he was easily underestimated by others.
And now, its dream had been shattered by such a person…
“Ahhhhhhhhh!”
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree was completely defeated..


CHAPTER-129
Chapter 129: Help from the Mother Tree

As the Mother Tree fell into a frenzy, the entire Linhai County seemed to experience an earthquake.
Countless roots were scurrying under the ground, turning the entire Linhai County upside down.
Houses collapsed, electric currents splashed, a scene of complete disaster.
But Lu Ming paid no attention to this.
That was because it was evident that… the Mother Tree’s current state could be described in four words—so enraged yet powerless.
It could not do anything to Lu Ming, so it could only vent its anger on inanimate objects.
This was truly meaningless.
When Lu Ming safely left Linhai County, Zhang Chengcheng, Huo Sheng, and the others who were waiting all heaved a sigh of relief.
Huo Sheng came forward and asked, “Is it resolved?”
Lu Ming shook his head and briefly described the characteristics of the Mother Tree.
“So, this will be a battle of attrition, but victory will be ours.”
“Now, I need a favor from all of you.”
Huo Sheng nodded, “Tell us.”
“Bring food and accommodation over here. I plan to stay here for a few days until I deal with this trouble, and then I’ll go back home.”
Lu Ming did not like staying outside for too long.
He could not sleep well when he was not at home.
However, in this situation, Lu Ming would not give the Blood Flesh Mother Tree any chance of turning the tables.
Even if it meant sacrificing a few days of rest. Lu Ming would thoroughly deal with the trouble caused by the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
Huo Sheng supported Lu Ming’s idea.
Soon, everyone started to take action.
At noon, they had a simple meal of exotic beast meat that they brought along. After being half full, Lu Ming rested in the military vehicle.
Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan were responsible for keeping watch.
However, nothing happened during the break.
The lunch break had just ended, and Huo Sheng had already brought everything Lu Ming needed here. After a quick inspection, Lu Ming opened the attribute panel and found that the day’s regular exercises were already completed.
His three-dimensional attributes increased by 3 points, and all attributes were obtained in full.
His fitness proficiency had also increased by a whole 400 points.
It seemed that the system considered Lu Ming fighting the Mother Tree as an excellent form of exercise…
Without dwelling on these details, Lu Ming picked up his weapons, put on his backpack, jumped up, and rushed to Linhai County.
When the rumbling sound of the air dissipated, Lu Ming had already arrived at the foot of the Mother Tree.
He even greeted the Mother Tree with interest.
“Good afternoon, let’s continue.”
The Mother Tree did not respond.
This made Lu Ming look up at the canopy of the Mother Tree.
He realized that the heads on the Mother Tree’s canopy had their eyes closed, and were motionless as if they were dead.
But obviously, the Mother Tree was not dead.
It was just shutting itself off.
“Well, it doesn’t matter,” Lu Ming muttered and took out his spear, launching an attack.
You shut yourself off and I’ll do my training.
We won’t interfere with each other, and I can have peace and quiet.
Lu Ming, “Pretty good.”
Mother Tree, “No, it’s not good, but 1 have no choice.”
The afternoon passed while Lu Ming continued farming the Mother Tree.
There was no danger because the Mother Tree’s attacking methods were limited.
Instead, the gains in skill proficiency were significant.
In the afternoon, Lu Ming alternated between using a spear, a saber, and a sword, using whichever skill was lower in level.
During that time, his close combat proficiency rose from Level 30 to Level 31.
His Basic Spear marksmanship rose from Level 25 to Level 26.
Throw proficiency increased from Level 17 to Level 18.
The saber, sword, and staff techniques had all increased by 1,000 proficiency points.
The gains were huge! It was much faster than regular training.
It was not until his stamina approached the warning line that Lu Ming left Linhai County.
Of course, he did not forget to say goodbye to the Mother Tree before he left.
“See you in the evening.”
Normally, Lu Ming would use the evening to practice his Stance technique..
But now, with the Mother Tree as an excellent sparring partner, Lu Ming had no choice but to change his plans to maximize the benefits.
In the evening from 6 p.m. to 9 p.m.
It was still farming the Mother Tree.
Both saber and sword techniques leveled up.
After a tiring day, Lu Ming had supper, arranged for the sentries, and then washed up in the RV before falling asleep.
In just a few seconds, Lu Ming fell asleep—he was indeed too tired today.
Although the process was daunting without mishap, the results were not bad. However, it did consume a lot of physical strength. In order to farm the Mother Tree sustainably, Lu Ming had to ensure a good night’s sleep.
As for whether the Mother Tree would launch a sneak attack at night…
Lu Ming felt that it was probably unlikely.
This was because when Lu Ming retreated tonight, he noticed that the Mother Tree had shrunk by three times—a clear sign of excessive energy consumption.
With two or three more days, Lu Ming should be able to deal with the Mother Tree and return home to lead a peaceful life.
However, Lu Ming, who was sound asleep, had no idea.
In the other direction, two zombies and one person quietly entered Linhai County under the cover of the night.
It was Simba and Lianjie, the two zombie companions.
Simba and Lian Jie witnessed everything that happened today.
On one hand, they were horrified by the power displayed by the Mother Tree and Lu Ming, and on the other hand, they were worried about their own future.
Xu Rufang once said that if Lu Ming won, their lives would be much better.
However, judging from the strength Lu Ming had demonstrated today, would they really have a better life if Lu Ming won?
Most likely not…
The relationship between humans and zombies was that of hunter and prey; they could not coexist.
Now that Lu Ming had displayed overwhelming strength, not even the Blood Flesh Mother Tree could be his opponent. This raised several questions in Simba’s mind.
“What am 1 going to do in the future?”
“Do I have to live like a homeless dog, always avoiding Lu Ming from afar?””
“What if Lu Ming comes after me?”
“Can I escape?”
“No, 1 definitely can’t escape!”
Until now, Simba did not know that Lu Ming would not leave his house so easily… This was just one of the drawbacks of running too fast.
Therefore, after careful consideration, Simba made a decision.
“Enter the Black Mist Zone! I won’t stay here anymore! Even if the Black Mist Zone is dangerous, I don’t want to live in Nanxiang on tenterhooks anymore!”
Lian Jie was worried and he said, “But we don’t know the situation in the Black Mist Zone…”
Simba spoke solemnly, his entire face seemingly glowing, “Compared to a sure tragic future, I’m more inclined to gamble on that uncertainty!”
Staying in Nanxiang would result in a certain fate – being killed by Lu Ming someday.
Entering the Black Mist Zone, on the other hand, might give them a chance of survival.
With that, the matter was settled.
Just as Simba and Lian Jie were about to escape, a Tier 2 human-headed monster quietly approached them.
“I’m the Blood Flesh Mother Tree. I need your help.”
Simba and Lian Jie:”…”
“No, no, no. We don’t want to get involved in the matters between you two freaks.”
The human-headed monster fell to both knees with a bang and said with a choked voice, “Take me with you! Please take me with you! Let’s enter the Black Mist Zone together! The two of you will go to the Black A-list Zone sooner or later. I know the situation inside the Black Mist Zone and 1 can provide you with some extra help!”
Simba hesitated for a long time before asking tentatively, “What should we do?”
It decided that if the danger was not high, it could give it a try.
If the danger was too high, it would just run away.
The human-headed monster talked to them for some time.
Thus, Simba and Lian Jie entered Linhai County..


CHAPTER-130
Chapter 130: The Alliance of Fugitives

Ximba’s decision this time indeed had an element of gambling.
But could Simba be blamed?
No, it could not be blamed.
In this world, Simba could not find a moment of peace even if it was cautious and careful. Since being cautious and careful did nor lead to good results, it decided to take a big risk (i.e. write oneself off as hopeless and act recklessly) and seek fortune in danger!
It did not ask for much this time.
As long as he obtained relevant information about the Black Mist Zone, it would be considered a great success!
Under the night sky, Linhai County was quiet like a dormant behemoth.
The Simba duo silently entered Linhai County and saw a city in ruins, completely empty.
Today, Linhai County was particularly quiet.
Although the outcome of the battle between Lu Ming and the Mother Tree was clear, the humans did not have enough manpower to monitor the entire Linhai County.
Lu Ming also would not allow others to enter Linhai County and become additional meals for the Mother Tree.
As for the human-headed monsters on the Mother Tree, they had also been mostly exhausted in the battle with Lu Ming.
In short, there was no one around.
Using the night as disguise.
Using the ruins as cover.
Simba and Lian Jie were like thieves as they carefully approached the Mother Tree’s massive body and soon arrived near the matrix creep.
“Stop!”
Standing at the edge of the matrix carpet, Lian Jie immediately stopped when Simba spoke.
After waiting for a moment, Simba saw a huge bulge on the matrix creep in front. Soon, a sapling the length of an adult’s arm slowly crawled out of the matrix creep.
This sapling looked strange.
It was light red in color. The top of the tree trunk was not a tree crown, but the head of a fist-sized baby.
Before Simba could say anything, the sapling spoke in a deep voice.
“It’s me.”
Simba nodded slightly.
This was consistent with what the Mother Tree had just conveyed.
What was certain was that the Mother Tree’s main body had a certain degree of mobility.
In general, this was probably achieved by pulling out roots and using them as feet to move.
Compared to normal plants, this behavior could be described as an evolutionary miracle.
However, the speed could not be fast.
Moreover, given the size of the Mother Tree’s main body, if it moved, the commotion would naturally be huge.
At this moment, what the Mother Tree wanted most was to escape quickly into the Black Mist Zone and stay far away from Lu Ming!
It wanted to escape without causing too much commotion; otherwise, Lu Ming would not give it the chance to flee.
After careful consideration, the Mother Tree made this decision.
To survive, it had to cut off its tail!
Abandoning the main body and the massive energy reserves within, it tried to transfer its core to an inconspicuous target, hoping to use it as a retreat and make a comeback!
Simba watched as the adorable sapling quickly pulled itself out of the ground. Its tender roots turned into tree feet and it reached Simba in a few steps.
Two tender branches grew out of the trunk like arms. The sapling opened its arms, and Simba suppressed the fear in his heart and picked it up with its tentacles.
The Mother Tree’s voice sounded from the child’s head.
“Go, go in the direction you came from!”
Simba and the others came from the opposite direction of Lu Ming s camp.
Simba did not say anything else and quickly ran away.
Such a silent operation indeed did not alarm anyone.
Soon, Simba, Lian Jie, Xu Rufang, and the Mother Tree, this peculiar group, successfully left Linhai County.
-And they were not pursued.
As they got further and further away from Lu Ming, the mood of the monsters gradually became cheerful.
Simba spoke.
“As agreed, 1 brought you out. Now, you should tell me about the situation inside the Black Mist Zone.”
After a long silence, the little tree finally spoke, “It s not far enough. Let’s talk when we reach the edge of the Black Mist.”
“No, you have to tell me now!”
The little tree snorted coldly, “If I tell you, you’ll just abandon me right away. With my current mobility, how long do you think 1 need to crawl to reach the Black Mist?”
Clearly, even though the Mother Tree had become smaller, its intelligence had not diminished much.
However, Simba was not an easy person to deal with either.
“Let’s talk as we walk! If you don’t agree, get lost.”
The little tree was instantly disheartened.
F*cking being bullied by dogs when a tiger falls from grace…
It had no choice but to follow Simba s instructions.
The little tree began to talk as the group walked.
Soon, it described the situation in the Black Mist Zone.
The little tree deliberately controlled the timing so that when it finished speaking, the group was already close to the Black Mist.
They arrived at the edge of the Black Mist.
They could see the current Black Mist slowly squirming like a living creature. In about ten minutes, it could shrink to about a meter in a straight line.
The two corpses, one human, and one tree stared at the Black Mist which was within arm s reach. For a moment, they were silent, each contemplating their own thoughts.
Perhaps they were recalling the carefree days when they dominated Nanxiang City.
Or maybe they were thinking about the monster that drove them out of Nanxiang City.
Simba broke the silence again.
“Alright, there’s no other way. little tree, we’ll leave first. We ll part ways here and never see each other again.”
With that, he led Lian Jie and Xu Rufang towards the Black Mist.
However, before they could enter the black fog, the little tree behind them spoke again.
“Wait, I think we can work together one more time.”
Simba frowned, “Let’s forget about that…”
“No, I think there’s still a possibility of us working together.”
“Entering the Black Mist Zone is very dangerous. You all are only at Tier 4 rank, and my current strength is extremely weak.”
“In that case, the risks of us acting separately is too great. It’s better to form a team.”
“You are aware of my growth speed.”
“You can be my bodyguards for a while, and when 1 accumulate enough power,
1 will reward you with unimaginable returns!”
The Mother Tree’s growth speed was undeniable.
Even now as a little tree , it carried the genetic samples of Gris in its body. With enough biomass, it could summon a Gris army in minutes!
The little tree understood this, as did Simba and the others.
But precisely because of this, Ximba did not want to have more contact with the little tree – it was just too dangerous.
Just as Simba was about to refuse, the little tree’s next words stunned Simba.
The little tree said, “The danger in the Black Mist Zone is even greater than Nanxiang! Don’t think that Lu Ming is so strong. When he enters the Black Mist Zone, he will also be a grandson! Without me, you will be at the bottom of the food chain when you go to the Black Mist Zone. At that time, you will realize that your lives are even harder than in Nanxiang.”
“Both of you.”
“Do you really want to repeat the process of being hunted and constantly fleeing?”
“Do you really want to spend your whole life running away from others?”
Simba and Lian Jie fell into silence.
A moment later, Simba gritted its teeth.
“Alright, I’ll gamble one more time!”
Picking up the small tree, this strange alliance of fugitives marched boldly into the Black Mist Zone.
Faint voices drifted out.
Simba said, “Let’s set a target first. What should we do after entering the Black Mist Zone?”
The little tree suddenly screamed, “Don’t!! Don’t talk to me about goals! Don’t talk to me about dreams! Just take one step at a time and become stronger bit by bit. Forget about anything else!”
Simba and Lian Jie,”…”
Did they trigger some sensitive words?
Simba asked, “What’s wrong with you?”
The little tree said, “It’s nothing.. I just lost my dream, that’s all…”


CHAPTER-131
Chapter 131: Black Mist Exploration Team, Action!

Day 118 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Friday.
He woke up early in the morning feeling refreshed and invigorated.
After having breakfast prepared by Cheng Cheng in the RV, Lu Ming picked up his equipment and headed towards Linhai County.
Soon, he arrived at the foot of the Mother Tree.
However, unlike yesterday, the Mother Tree looked withered and unresponsive when Lu Ming tried to talk to it.
No roots appeared, and there were no signs of the human-headed monsters.
This made Lu Ming frown, not knowing what had happened to the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
But it did not matter.
If I cut down your main body, the problem will probably be solved.
Making wild guesses was not in line with Lu Ming’s personality.
The whole day was spent chopping down the tree.
That night, before Lu Ming returned home, he realized that the Mother Tree had already shrunk by half.
Presumably, with another day’s time tomorrow, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree would become a thing of the past.
After returning to the camp, Lu Ming told Huo Sheng about the Mother Tree’s abnormality. Huo Sheng speculated that the Mother Tree might have collapsed in despair or escaped.
In any case, the officials would deal with it.
Huo Sheng told Lu Ming not to worry about trivial matters. When they couldn’t handle it, then it would be Lu Ming’s turn to act.
Lu Ming was quite satisfied with this arrangement.
After having supper and lying on the bed, Lu Ming opened the attribute panel.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Mortal Realm, Level 1
Age: 25 years old
Strength: 793-7
Physique: 810
Agility: 797-9
Free Attribute Points: o
Superpower: Awakening in progress…
Skills:
Fitness Lv26 (200/2600).
Slingshot Shooting LV31 (268/3100)
Crossbow Archery Lv26 (35/2600)
Bow Archery Lv26 (487/2600)
Firearms Shooting Lv25 (1330/2500)
Unarmed Combat LV30 (1200/3000).
Cold Weapon Combat LV32 (800/3200)
Basic Spearmanship Lv27 (0/2700)
Throw Lvi8 (60/1800)
Basic Saber Technique Lv24 (0/2400).
Basic Sword technique Lvi8 (1200/1,800).
Basic Staff Technique Lvi7 (0/1700).
Stance Techniques:
Tiger Steps Stance Lvi7 (0/1700).
Resistance Stance Lvi8 (0/1800).
Origin Skill:
Basic Breathing Technique (Entry) (1/100).
Without a doubt, it was another day of a great harvest of skill attributes.
Chopping the Mother Tree really accelerated the skill proficiency… Perhaps the system had determined the Mother Tree to be a powerful creature, so Lu Ming’s practice with it was like sparring with a master, resulting in a rapid increase in skill proficiency.
After a quick glance at his attributes, Lu Ming went to bed satisfied.
Day 119 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Saturday.
It was another day of chopping the Mother Tree.
In the evening.
As Lu Ming swung his last saber qi, the Mother Tree, which was only dozens of meters tall, was immediately cut in half.
Standing where he was, Lu Ming could see the matrix fungi carpet under his feet rapidly shrinking, quickly revealing the paved road below.
With a “bang”, the tall tree trunk fell heavily to the ground.
The densely packed heads on the tree crown seemed to have melted, quickly turning into a faint red liquid, seeping into the ground.
After confirming the results again and again, Lu Ming nodded in satisfaction.
“Let’s wrap up and go home.”
He decided to leave Linhai County.
The follow-up matters were all the responsibility of the officials.
The officials would clean up the battlefield and ensure that the Mother Tree was indeed dead.
Lu Ming repeatedly reminded them to inform him immediately if anything was wrong, and Huo Sheng gave him an affirmative answer.
If something went wrong, Huo Sheng would definitely speak up, as he was never one to put on a tough act.
In short, he set off for Linhai County in the early morning the day before yesterday.
Until this evening.
In order to deal with the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, Lu Ming spent a full three days.
But the result was good.
The external threat was removed.
Lu Ming could now live a simple and ordinary life again.
In terms of attribute gains, it was also satisfying, even better than usual.
Apart from not getting enough rest, there was no other problem.
Three days later, Lu Ming returned home.
After cleaning up the dust in the house, Lu Ming quickly washed up and lay on the bed.
After vigorous physical activity and lying on the bed, the feeling was indescribably comfortable.
Gazing at the ceiling with deep thoughts, Lu Ming soon sighed softly.
“Home is still the most comfortable…”
“It’s just that… I won’t be comfortable for long.”
Actually, Lu Ming was mentally prepared.
He would not be able to stay in this home for long…
Firstly, it was due to the shrinking of the Black Mist Zone—sooner or later, his home would be engulfed by the Black Mist Zone.
At that time, Lu Ming had no idea what would happen.
Secondly, it was the issue of the strength of the house.
It was true that Lu Ming had spent a lot of effort on this house.
But at the end of the day, the house was made of conventional materials.
A Tier 4 creature could easily tear down a house.
Lu Ming was already so strong now, it would not be an exaggeration to say that if he exercised his body slightly in the house, it might collapse….
The fortress that had once protected Lu Ming was no longer as sturdy.
It was just like how life would always bring about separations and farewells.
Lu Ming patted the wall beside the bed gently, as if he was sighing about something.
But soon, his snores filled the room.
He had fallen asleep.
Day 120 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Sunday.
The sun was shining brightly.
Just by looking at the weather, one could tell that today would be a calm and peaceful day.
And indeed it was.
Life, well, it did not always have to be full of ups and downs. Tranquility was the main theme of life.
But obviously, tranquility was only Lu Ming’s daily life, not necessarily the daily life of others.
At noon, after assisting Lu Ming with his exercises, Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan began to prepare lunch.
The two girls chatted as they busied themselves.
Wei Lan said, “Sister Chengcheng, the officials found some Tier 4 zombie crystals in Linhai County yesterday. So, the zombie crystals for your advancement to Level 5 have already been prepared.”
Upon hearing this news, Cheng Cheng smiled and shook her head, “Professor Huo came to tell me about this news this morning. We discussed it briefly and felt that this advancement opportunity should be reserved for Colonel Bai.”
Currently, with Wei Lan’s assistance, the strength of Cheng Cheng’s superpower could still keep up with Lu Ming’s physical strength.
Therefore, there was no need to rush the advancement. She could take her time with the breathing technique.
On the other side, the Black Mist Exploration Team had an even more urgent need for strength.
Because today was the day the Black Mist Exploration Team set off to explore the Black Mist Zone.
At noon, just as Lu Ming was about to have lunch, good news came.
“Colonel Bai has become a Level 5 Awakened!”
It was Wang Xiong who came to deliver the good news.
The appearance of the first Level 5 Awakened in Nanxiang City was a cause for celebration for all the survivors.
Therefore, Bai Tianyu’s advancement attracted many people to come and witness it—but Lu Ming did not join the crowd.
Hearing Wang Xiong’s words, Lu Ming smiled and nodded. He quickly finished his meal and prepared to climb the tower to deal with the Tier 5 zombie wave.
Unfortunately…
Nothing happened.
Bai Tianyu’s advancement was like a stone thrown into the sea, It did not cause much of a stir or attract the attention of the zombies.
Lu Ming walked down the observation tower with a puzzled expression and saw Huo Sheng walking towards him.
“Don’t think too much about it. There aren’t many zombies left.”
“The nearby zombies were either shot dead by you or swallowed by the Blood
Flesh Mother Tree.”
This was the root cause for the lack of zombies.
Of course, there was another point…
At this stage, any zombie with a little brain would know who was the boss in Nanxiang City. Nobody dared to mess with Lu Ming. No zombie would dare to target him.
Lu Ming was quite disappointed that there were no zombies for him to shoot, but he was quickly distracted by Huo Sheng’s next sentence.
“Bai Tianyu and the others are preparing to set off. Do you want to see them off?”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and pointed up at the observation tower.
I’ll watch from there..”


CHAPTER-132
Chapter 132: Nanxiang, Nothing Happened

Lu Ming had considered himself a hero.
Even if he had unintentionally become a hero in reality, it was not his intention at all.
He just wanted to live a simple and ordinary life.
And to live such a life, one major principle was to avoid risks.
Therefore, Lu Ming never took risks.
He was even unwilling to go out.
Today, Bai Tianyu and the others set off to explore the Black Mist Zone.
In Lu Ming’s understanding, this was a huge risk.
But there was nothing he could do about it.
Everyone had to enter the Black Mist Zone sooner or later. Someone had to take this first step to scout the way for the battalion.
Lu Ming would not do such a thing.
However, it did not stop him from admiring those who voluntarily took on such a task.
Standing on the observation tower, Lu Ming looked down from a high vantage point and easily saw the three heavily modified military vehicles and the 15 Awakened ones standing in front of them.
Bai Tianyu (Level 5) was the leader.
Duan Mei (Level 4) and three other Level 4 Awakened.
Then, there were ten Level 3 Awakened with different superpowers, but they were all very outstanding.
These 15 pioneers were bidding farewell to the others at the entrance of Good Hope Village.
Perhaps Lu Ming’s gaze attracted Bai Tianyu.
Bai Tianyu raised his head and looked towards the observation tower.
He and Lu Ming locked eyes for a moment, and then Bai Tianyu waved his hand forcefully at Lu Ming.
“Brother Lu! We’re going! I’ll leave the family to you!”
This Black Mist Exploration Team gathered most of the high-end forces of the official shelter.
Without them, the official Awakened community would lose its focus—but it did not matter. Lu Ming was still around.
As long as Lu Ming was around, this place would have a stabilizing force.
Hearing Bai Tianyu’s words, Lu Ming thought for a moment, but he did not know what expression to make.
He could only raise his right hand and give Bai Tianyu a thumbs up.
“Have a safe trip.”
The members of the Black Mist Exploration Team grinned.
The three vehicles drove away with a buzzing sound.
Until they disappeared from Lu Ming’s sight, he walked down the observation tower and went home for his afternoon nap.
When he woke up, the aftermath of the Black Mist Exploration Team’s departure had subsided, and Lu Ming returned to his own rhythm.
In the morning, it was basic fitness training.
In the afternoon, skill training.
In the evening, stance training.
Simple but fulfilling.
Because Lu Ming had always been a simple person.
Furthermore, countless people protected by Lu Ming were giving him various forms of feedback.
At the official shelter.
After Huo Sheng ended his conversation with Lolita, he received news from his subordinates.
The focus of the message was threefold.
First: The whereabouts of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
This was still unknown.
Back then, Simba and the Mother Tree’s actions were too secretive, and the officials did not have enough power to monitor them, so the Mother Tree vanished without a trace.
But it did not matter…
The confirmed fact was that there were no more human-headed monsters in Nanxiang City.
This might mean that even if the Mother Tee had escaped, it had already left Nanxiang City and headed for the Black Mist Zone.
As for how much trouble the Mother Tree could cause in the Black Mist Zone, it had little to do with this place.
Second: The progress of the Black Mist’s contraction.
It was already confirmed that the speed of the Black Mist’s contraction was gradually accelerating, and the time left for them was getting shorter.
At this point, Huo Sheng had already begun to prepare for the relocation.
As for what would happen when they entered the Black Mist Zone and what Huo Sheng’s plans were…
The answer Huo Sheng could give now was to take it one step at a time.
His understanding of the Black Mist Zone was limited to word of mouth.
Once they were inside the Black Mist Zone, he could only adapt and respond according to the situation.
Of course, he also prayed that Bai Tianyu could bring back more useful information.
Thirdly, the black fog had split for the second time.
Just this morning, the officials observed another crack in the Black Mist.
More monsters ran out of the Black Mist Zone.
Mostly Rank 4, with a few Rank 5, and they did not know if there were any Rank 6.
However, after experiencing the matter of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, Huo Sheng felt that these were all minor issues…
Even if the monsters from the Black Mist Zone were awesome, could they be as awesome as Lu Ming?
There was no possibility of that.
Day 121 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Monday
Nothing happened.
The Black Mist Exploration Team had not returned.
Day 122 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Tuesday.
Today was uneventful as well.
Day 123 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Wednesday
A flock of black birds attacked the gathering place on Guangping Street, and as a result, they became Lu Ming’s food reserve.
There was still no news from the Black Mist Exploration Team.
Day 124 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Thursday
A Tier 5 zombie walked out of the Black Mist and followed its hunting instincts to arrive in front of the gathering place on Guangping Street.
It was nearly four meters tall and was thinner than a Tier 4 Tank.
Its entire body was covered in a hard cuticle layer. Its hands were black and had already transformed into sickles.
Its intelligence did not seem to be high.
Slightly stronger than a Tank.
After gathering nearly a hundred pitiful underlings, the Tier 5 zombie did not think about why there were so few zombies in Nanxiang. It rushed towards the highest-level Awakened in Nanxiang—Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan.
Then, it was smashed into meat paste by Lu Ming’s iron discus…
In short, after experiencing so much, a Tier 5 little brother was no threat to Lu Ming at all.
So, as usual….
Today, nothing happened.
Day 125 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Friday
Encountered a Tier 5 exotic beast.
The meat was tender and Lu Ming was very satisfied.
Day 126 of the Apocalypse Calendar…
Day 127…
Day 128…
Day 130…
Until Day 133 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Saturday.
The morning exercise ended.
In the afternoon, Zhang Chengcheng successfully advanced and became a Level 5 Awakened!
From the beginning to the end, Chengcheng had only consumed a total of three Tier 4 zombie crystals. The quantity of the other seven crystals was filled with the Basic Breathing Technique.
At the moment, Lu Ming’s three-dimensional attributes had reached:
Strength: 871.2
Physique: 882.5
Agility: 900.9
Just as he felt that Chengcheng’s support was decreasing, heaven abided by his wishes.
Excited, Lu Ming’s appetite improved a lot in the evening.
As the saying went, good news comes in pairs.
In the evening, after Lu Ming finished his stance practice, three shabby military vehicles drove over from afar and stopped at the entrance of Good Hope Village.
After half a month, the Black Mist Exploration Team finally returned.
The return of the Black Mist Exploration Team was undoubtedly a joyous occasion!
However, when he saw the people stepping out of the vehicle, the joyful mood was instantly dampened.
When they set off, there were a total of 15 people in the Black Mist Exploration Team.
However, upon their return, there were only nine remaining.
Bai Tianyu and Duan Mei were fine.
The two of them got out of the car with solemn expressions. When they saw Lu Ming, Wang Xiong, and the others, they barely squeezed out a smile.
Wang Xiong took a step forward and said solemnly, “Thank you for your hard work.”
“Let’s eat something first. I’ve already asked someone to inform Professor Huo Sheng.”
Bai Tianyu nodded slightly.
When he saw Lu Ming’s figure in the distance, he seemed to have put down a heavy burden and relaxed a lot..


CHAPTER-133
Chapter 133: Black Mist Zone Intelligence Summary

Perhaps because they were hungry, the returning members of the Black Mist Exploration Team devoured their food like hungry ghosts.
They were eating the Tier 4 exotic beast meat that Lu Ming had provided—this was something Lu Ming had contributed for free.
The fresh and tender bird meat made the returning explorers eat heartily.
There was an Awakened who even shedded tears of joy as he ate, as if he had not eaten a decent meal in a long, long time.
The onlookers in the canteen fell into silence, their expressions becoming increasingly grave.
Judging from the situation, it was evident that this group of people had experienced something harrowing within the Black Mist Zone.
When the meal was over, Huo Sheng rushed over from the official shelter.
In Lu Ming’s outdoor dining hall, Lu Ming, Zhang Chengcheng, Wang Xiong, Bai Tianyu, Duan Mei, and Huo Sheng gathered together, preparing to listen to the information Bai Tianyu had brought back from the Black Mist Zone.
“Let’s start with the bad news.”
“The bad news is that everything Lolita’s mother said was true…”
Indeed, it was pure bad news.
At that time, in the call with Huo Sheng, Lorita’s mother described the situation in the black fog as extremely dangerous and life-threatening. Huo Sheng listened and only half believed it.
He felt that Lolita’s mother was deliberately exaggerating the dangers in the Black Mist Zone so that the survivors from Nanxiang could meet up with the New York team as soon as they entered the Black Mist Zone.
But now, Bai Tianyu made it clear that Lolita’s mother really did not deliberately exaggerate the dangers in the Black Mist Zone.
“Let’s start with some known information.”
Bai Tianyu began to summarize the intelligence they already had about the Black Mist Zone.
“First is the level of the creatures.”
“The lowest level of creatures in the Black Mist Zone is Level 4.”
“As long as it’s something that can hurt people, I’ve never seen anything below Level 4.”
This information was already known, and Bai Tianyu mentioned it again as a form of verification.
“Next is the method of entry.”
“The way to enter the Black Mist Zone is to come into contact with the Black Mist, whether actively or passively. After you come into contact with the black fog, you will fall into a temporary dizzy state. Once the dizziness ends, you will find yourself in the Black Mist Zone.”
“There are two things to be aware of.”
“Firstly, the buildings and structures will not enter the Black Mist Zone with us. The way we enter is by staying in a building that is about to be engulfed by the Black Mist, waiting for it to devour us.”
“When we appeared in the Black Mist Zone, we realized that the buildings did not follow us into the zone.”
After Bai Tianyu finished speaking, he glanced at Lu Ming discreetly.
A trace of pain appeared on Lu Ming’s face.
He really could not keep his house…
“Vehicles, supplies, and so on will follow us into the Black Mist Zone. However, ordinary items will quickly decay at an extremely fast rate after entering the Black Mist Zone.”
“Just like those few vehicles we drove.”
The vehicles that Bai Tianyu drove away had been modified by Zhang Lixin. They were heavily armored and their defenses were strong.
However, after staying in the Black Mist Zone for only half a month, the vehicles had already decayed beyond recognition.
“As for food, regular food cannot last an hour in the Black Mist Zone. We tried using ice-based abilities to preserve it, but it didn’t work. Only the exotic beast meat can be preserved…”
“Secondly, once we enter the Black Mist Zone, our arrival locations are not together but scattered. However, the distances are not too far apart, generally within an hour’s walking distance.”
Lolita’s mother had also mentioned this.
Thus, one can make an analogy:
The process of entering the Black Mist Zone was like teleportation. Each person’s teleportation landing point was different, and it could only ensure that they could be teleported to the same area.
Therefore, during the initial stage of entering the Black Mist Zone, everyone needed to rely on their own strength and use their own methods to reunite with the main group.
“Three members of the Black Mist Exploration Team lost their lives during this process.”
Huo Sheng frowned and asked, “Doesn’t holding hands help?”
Bai Tianyu shook his head, “It doesn’t help.”
“But sitting in the same vehicle, people will enter the Black Mist Zone together with the vehicle. This method can ensure that a few people will land at the same place.”
After a brief pause, Huo Sheng nodded and said, “Go on.”
“Then there’s the map of the surroundings and the ecological environment.”
Speaking of this, Bai Tianyu’s face darkened, “The map hasn’t been drawn. During the time we entered the Black Mist Zone, our team’s movements were severely restricted.”
“We can only confirm that there are many monsters around and the environment is extremely harsh. The members of the team were either fighting or on their way to battle.”
With poor meals and restless sleep, who would have the energy to draw a map?
“But the good news is that we’ve found a place we can use as a foothold.
An ancient city ruin.”
Although it was called an ancient city, it was actually only the size of a modern village.
The city wall had long collapsed, so there was no real defense.
The advantage was that there were more broken walls and ruins, providing ample cover to defend against the dangers in the Black Mist Zone, which was not bad.
“During the fifteen days of exploration, we didn’t encounter any intelligent creatures that we could communicate with. Everything we encountered was either exotic beasts or monsters. Therefore, we don’t know if there are factions or safe zones established by intelligent beings within the Black Mist Zone.”
These words made Huo Sheng frown and he said, “This is troublesome.”
Having an indigenous faction that could communicate would be very important.
Unfortunately, there was none in the Black Mist Zone…
At least Bai Tianyu did not find any.
“Lastly, let’s talk about the way to leave.”
“The way to leave the Black Mist Zone is actually very simple. Zombie Crystal, also known as Origin Stone, is all that is needed. Just obtain three Origin Stones of the same level as yourself within the Black Mist Zone, and you can return to where you came from.”
However, Nanxiang City had yet to be completely covered by the Black Mist.
This meant that Bai Tianyu and the others still had a place to return to.
But once Nanxiang City was completely covered by the Black Mist Zone, it was uncertain if this method of leaving the Black Mist Zone could still be used, or whether everyone could return to Nanxiang City.
“No, you can’t.”
Huo Sheng concluded.
Then, he turned to look at Lu Ming and said, “Earlier today, Lolita’s mother sent a message.”
“New York has been completely swallowed up by the Black Mist.”
“They tried to return to New York using the method Bai Tianyu just mentioned, but it didn’t work.”
“Therefore, when Nanxiang City is completely covered by the Black Mist Zone, those who enter the Black Mist Zone will have no way out and can only struggle to survive within the Black Mist Zone.”
“But there is some relatively good news.”
Bai Tianyu continued, “Firstly, the concentration of mystery factors in the Black Mist Zone is very high, several times higher than in Nanxiang. This means that after entering the Black Mist Zone, the efficiency of the breathing technique is greatly improved, and the speed of advancement becomes faster.” “Secondly, there are also zombies and monsters in the Black Mist Zone. They can produce zombie crystals, which can further enhance the speed of advancement of the Awakened ones.”
For example, the returning members of the Black Mist Exploration Team.
After half a month of training in the Black Mist Zone, Bai Tianyu had successfully advanced to a Level 6 Awakened!
Duan Mei had advanced to Level 5.
The other seven members had also taken solid steps on the path of advancement.
“The speed of getting stronger over there is extremely fast.”
After Bai Tianyu finished speaking, he hesitated and said, “Other than that, there are also many opportunities over there, such as weapons and equipment, as well as the Basic Breathing Technique.. But I have this feeling that the opportunities over there are somewhat strange…”


CHAPTER-134
Chapter 134: Explosive Fist and Skill Synergy!

After mentioning that the appearance locations of the items were strange, Bai Tianyu fell silent for a moment, seemingly organizing his thoughts.
After a long time, he spoke again.
“In the Black Fog Zone, we obtained the second Basic Breathing Technique, some weapons, and another Source Power Skill.”
“The problem isn’t whether these things are useful or not, but rather the locations where these things appeared…”
“The locations of these items are within the ruins of that ancient city I mentioned earlier. It’s strange, the placement of these items is quite conspicuous, and they are well-preserved, as if… as if someone deliberately placed them there for us.”
Huo Sheng listened while nodding, and only after Bai Tianyu finished did he speak, “Text.”
“The text is very peculiar… Is it in Chinese?”
Bai Tianyu nodded, “Yes.”
Huo Sheng said, “That’s the strangest part.”
“Do you still remember the book, “Basic Breathing Technique” that Chang Yi had before?”
“After some research, we discovered that Chang Yi’s Basic Breathing Technique is the original and not a copy made by him.”
“And the original is written in Chinese…”
There was no need to say more; it was clear what the strange point was.
“I also communicated with the New York side. The basic breathing technique they obtained in the Black Mist Zone was written in English.”
It was as if a pair of invisible hands were playing a game, with this world as a chessboard and all the survivors as pawns.
“He” designed everything and secretly manipulated everything.
This was the theory of the mastermind behind the scenes that Huo Sheng had mentioned before.
However, the true purpose and intentions of this mastermind were truly inscrutable.
Lu Ming did not like speculating too much.
In fact, when Bai Tianyu mentioned “another Source Power Skill” earlier, Lu Ming had become a bit restless.
After Huo Sheng finished speaking, Lu Ming hurriedly said, “Let me see that Source Power Skill.”
Bai Tianyu nodded slightly. He flipped his pocket and took out a book similar to the Basic Breathing Technique.
He handed the book to Lu Ming, who looked down at it.
What greeted his eyes were two large characters.
Explosive Fist.
Bai Tianyu and Huo Sheng were still chatting.
They were discussing what they had seen and heard in the Black Mist Zone.
However, Lu Ming stopped listening to what followed.
He just sat at the dining table and stared intently at the booklet in his hand.
Explosive Fist!
It was not a breathing technique, but a fist technique!
Through the Basic Breathing Technique, Lu Ming knew that this kind of thing was called a Source Power Skill and could be recorded by the system!
Since then, Lu Ming had been eager to obtain a Source Power Skill that he could practice and master right now, but he would not risk going to the Black Mist Zone.
So, this matter was stuck in a stalemate.
But now, Bai Tianyu had brought back what Lu Ming had been longing for!
Thinking of this, Lu Ming no longer wanted to bother with anything else.
He immediately turned the pages of the book and a large number of words and diagrams fell into Lu Ming’s eyes.
The graphics on the book were realistic, and the words were simple and easy to understand.
In short, it was easy to learn and easy to master.
After carefully reading it once, Lu Ming closed the book and began to savor and deduce in his mind.
Unlike the fist techniques here, the Explosive Fist, as a source power technique, emphasizes using specific breathing rhythms to mobilize the internal and external source power in the body – the mystery factor.
It was a fist technique that greatly increased the lethality of attacks through the resonance of the mystery factor inside the body and the mystery factor in the external air.
It was similar to practical martial arts.
Explosive Fist did not have any specific moves.
To put it bluntly, it is more like a way of exerting force with punches—similar to the Cold Light.
“Therefore, its true value lies in the breathing rhythm and method of exerting force recorded in the book.”
Hand-to-hand combat LV32 (2000/3200) greatly increased Lu Ming’s comprehension of hand-to-hand combat. This allowed Lu Ming to quickly find the key points in the fist manual.
He did not even need to practice physically.
Just by simulating it in his mind, Lu Ming soon had a change in expression.
He opened the attribute panel and scrolled to the bottom.
A few lines of new text appeared on Lu Ming’s retina.
Source Power Skill:
Basic Breathing Technique (Entry) (1/100).
Explosive Fist (Novice) (1/100): World Realm Source Power Skill. After mastering it, it significantly enhances the punching power. You have initially mastered the usage of Explosive Fist, and your overall attributes +30! Your free attribute points +30!
Note: Your hand-to-hand combat level has been detected to be LV32. When you cultivate Explosive Fist, you will receive additional proficiency increase.
Amplification factor: 3.2 times!
Note: Warm reminder that practicing source power techniques will significantly accelerate the proficiency gains of related basic skills.
“Hiss.”
Lu Ming gasped in astonishment.
Firstly, he was surprised by the number of attribute points provided by the Source Power Technique.
Three-dimensional 30, free attribute points 30!
And this was just the attribute points obtained from the entry level! Lu Ming did not even dare to think about how many attribute points he could get at higher levels!
Secondly, he was shocked by the synergy between the regular skills: the hand-to-hand combat, the Source Power Technique!
From the two notes in the attribute system, it was easy to see one thing: the higher the level of the Hand-to-hand Combat Skill, the faster the cultivation speed of the Explosive Fist, and cultivating the Explosive Fist could greatly increase the proficiency of the Hand-to-hand Combat Skill.
From now on, Lu Ming need not spar with Wang Xiong anymore.
Fierce practice of Explosive Fist became the best and most efficient choice for Lu Ming to practice hand-to-hand combat.
With this in mind, Lu Ming could not sit still anymore.
Seeing that Bai Tianyu and Huo Sheng were still chatting… Lu Ming stood up and said.
“I’m going to exercise.”
With that, he immediately walked out of the dining room.
It was already past dinner time.
However, the gradually darkening night could not stop Lu Ming’s determination to farm attributes!
■Rest?’
No way.
Explosive Fist to Lu Ming was like a gaming enthusiast getting a newly released AAA game; he would be letting his loved ones down if he did not stay up all night playing it!
Walking out of Good Hope Village, Lu Ming came to a vacant area near Good Hope Village.
He looked around and found that there were no distractions. Lu Ming calmed down, closed his eyes, and simulated the practice method of the Explosive Fist in his mind once again.
Soon, he opened his eyes.
He adjusted his breathing.
Until at a certain moment, Lu Ming threw a punch!
Lu Ming could clearly feel that the moment he punched, there seemed to be a warm flow surging out from his cells and converging on his right fist..
As he threw the punch with force, the invisible mystery factors in the air were drawn towards his fist like magnets, rapidly covering its surface.
And when the punch reached its maximum, Lu Ming heard a muffled explosion.
In the next second, a visible shock wave surged out from his fist, sweeping fiercely towards the distance!
This fist wind was linear, twisted but very condensed.
After the fist wind had flown about ten meters forward, it “boom”ed again, creating a wave of explosions in the nearby air…
Watching the effect of his Explosive Fist, Lu Ming fell silent for a long time, remaining speechless.
He had not used his full strength…
As the saying went, one force can subdue ten. Lu Ming’s full-powered punch would definitely have a much greater effect than this Explosive Fist.
However, if he did not use the Explosive Fist and only used the strength from before to deliver a serious punch or a Cold Light Stab Punch ,the lethality produced would definitely be far inferior to the source power skill, the Explosive Fist!
Thinking of this, Lu Ming punched again.
This time, it was a Cold Light Stab Punch with the same power.
As he punched out, a sonic boom sounded.
The shock wave spread out but quickly dissipated.
Be it the effect or the momentum, it was more than ten times inferior to the Explosive Fist!
“Source Power Skill… Source Power Skill!”
At this moment, Lu Mingwu had an insight.
Compared to ordinary skills, this Source Power Skill was a proper dimensional reduction attack!


CHAPTER-135
Chapter 135: Source Power Skill Training – Grand Cycle

The power verification was complete.
Next was the most important thing… Proficiency acquisition!
He opened the attribute panel and scrolled down to the Source Power Skill section.
Lu Ming focused his eyes.
Explosive Fist (Novice) (2/100).
Proficiency increased by one point!!
And…
Hand-to-hand Combat LV32 (2030/3200X+30)!
“With the 3.2 times proficiency gain from Explosive Fist, 1 gained 1 proficiency point with just one punch.”
“And it wasn’t even a full-powered punch.”
If i farm like this, the speed of improvement will be remarkably fast.”
“Furthermore, the explosive punch increased the Hand-to-hand Combat proficiency by 30 points.”
This is just practicing in the air. If 1 enter actual combat, I can’t even imagine how fast the proficiency gain will be!”
Without exaggeration, this Explosive Fist directly put Lu Ming’s attribute gain on the super-fast lane.
It was evident that in the future, Lu Ming needed to acquire more non-breathing method source power skills. This will be more important than anything else!
However, this was a matter for later.
At this moment, Lu Ming wanted to test how far he could cultivate the Explosive Fist!
“Keep going!”
“Boom!”
“Boom!”
“Boom!
Continuous explosions echoed outside Good Hope Village, even alarming Huo Sheng and the others.
They came out to take a look, but upon seeing Lu Ming practicing punches, they naturally lost interest.
Brother Lu was training hard…
Although this scenery was beautiful, if seen often enough, it lost its novelty.
On the other hand, Lu Ming was constantly paying attention to his attribute panel as he punched.
Explosive Fist Proficiency +1.
Hand-to-hand combat proficiency +30.
“Push harder!
Explosive Fist Proficiency +2.
Hand-to-hand combat proficiency +50.
“Full power!”
“Boom!
The explosive force of the punch traveled a hundred meters, even shaking down a small building.
The obvious gain was that the training effect of full-powered punches was much higher than that of restrained punches!
Explosive Fist Proficiency +3.
Hand-to-hand combat proficiency +80.
With just a few punches, his Hand-to-hand combat proficiency had reached LV33 (0/3300)!
Strength and Stamina +3.3!
More importantly, the proficiency of the Explosive Fist had been further increased by 0.1 times!
After dozens of punches, the Explosive Fist leveled up!
Explosive Fist (Mastery) (2/1000): World Realm Source Power Skill. After mastering it, it significantly enhances the punching power. You have mastered the usage of Explosive Fist, and your overall attributes +100! Your free attribute points +100!
On top of the original gains, the three-dimensional attributes increased by 70! The free attribute points also increased by 70!
A boundless power seemed to be bred within Lu Ming’s body, driving Lu Ming’s height up another notch!
He had been lifted to a shocking height of 2.5 meters!
At this moment, Lu Ming only felt his cells cheering and his bones crackling. The comfortable sensation even made Lu Ming moan!
“This is the thrill of becoming stronger!”
There was nothing that made Lu Ming happier than this!
It was all because of this proficiency…
Seeing the words (2/1000) on the screen, Lu Ming felt a slight sense of foreboding.
“Tenfold increase, isn’t this a little exaggerated…”
“But it doesn’t matter. Isn’t it just training? I’m most familiar with this.”
Thinking of this, Lu Ming wanted to throw another punch, but he suddenly felt a wave of emptiness in his body.
He was hungry.
And tired.
The cultivation of Source Power Skills was ultimately different from ordinary skills.
Lu Ming was undoubtedly a stamina monster. When he chopped down the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, he did not feel too tired even after four hours of continuous chopping three times a day. But after just a few dozens of explosive punches, Lu Ming felt mentally fatigued and physically drained.
More accurately, it was not a physical exhaustion but a deeper level of fatigue.
If another Awakened who had also trained in Explosive Fist witnessed this scene, he would be utterly shocked.
This was because Origin Energy Skills not only consumed physical strength, but also the mystery factors in the Awakened one’s body. And these factors had a total quantity.
To replenish the consumption, one either needed time to slowly recover or to consume Zombie Crystals (Source Stones).
Generally speaking, the higher the Awakened level, the more mystery factors their cells contained.
A normal Level 1 Awakened could not use Source Power Skill like the Explosive Fist—even if it was just the lowest level of Source Power Skill..
To be able to use Explosive Fist, one had to be at least a Level 3 Awakened individual, and one punch would be enough to leave him weak, having used up all the Mystery Factors in his body.
It could be said that Lu Ming was indeed special.
This uniqueness had its good and bad sides…
For example, Lu Ming could not find any zombie crystals to replenish his expended Mystery Factors…
Lu Ming was a Level 1 Awakened individual.
The lowest-level zombie crystals were also Level 1.
Lu Ming would advance after eating Level 1 Zombie Crystals, but Lu Ming did not want to advance.
Even the lower-grade Zombie Crystals were gone… so replenishing the mystery factors within his body with Zombie Crystals was simply not an option.
Sitting on the ground, Lu Ming pondered deeply.
“Hmm, this feeling of exhaustion is somewhat similar to what Chencheng and Wei Lan experience when they deplete their superpowers strength, excessively.”
“Therefore, Source Power Skills not only consume physical strength, but also superpower strength.”
In layman’s terms, superpowers and source power skills shared the same blue bar.
Since Lu Ming temporarily didn’t want to consume Zombie Crystals, how quickly he could restore the “blue bar” would determine the speed of his Explosive Fist training.
After some thought, Lu Ming’s eyes lit up.
He opened the attribute panel and looked at the words “Basic Breathing Technique (Novice) (1/100)”.
“Isn’t this a ready-made solution?!”
Currently, the Basic Breathing Technique had been popularized in the gathering place.
After numerous validations, it was proven that the Basic Breathing Technique not only improved an Awakened individual’s level but also replenished their depleted superpowers.
Of course, the effect was not as fast as swallowing low-level zombie crystals.
However, it was indeed much faster than natural recovery.
In general, using the breathing technique to restore superpowers was most suitable for Chengcheng and Wei Lan.
Every time they assisted Lu Ming in training, both of them would deplete their superpowers, and then they could quickly recover using the Basic Breathing Technique.
Research had also shown that the Basic Breathing Technique had a particular characteristic.
That was…
When the superpower strength (the mystery factor in the body) was at its peak, it prioritized increasing the upper limit.
When the superpower strength was not at the peak, the priority was to replenish the depletion.
In other words, there was no risk of advancement if Lu Ming circulated the Basic Breathing Technique after exhausting his superpower strength!
Previously, Lu Ming did not dare to cultivate the Basic Breathing Technique because he did not have the means to deplete his superpower strength. After all, the awakening of superpower required him reaching level 2.
But now, Lu Ming had fulfilled this condition!
Sitting cross-legged on the ground, he circulated the breathing technique in a specific rhythm.
Very soon, Lu Ming felt a warm airflow entering his body through his pores.
About ten minutes later, Lu Ming opened his eyes, and the fatigue from before was instantly swept away.
He opened his attribute panel and looked at the Basic Breathing Technique column.
Basic Breathing Technique (Entry) (2/100).
“Tsk, tsk, tsk.”
Lu Ming was elated.
Source Power Skill: Explosive Fist, consumes superpower.
Then, followed by using the Basic Breathing Technique to restore his superpower.
Adding and subtracting, it worked out perfectly.
The proficiency of both Source Power Skills could be increased.
Without a doubt, this was a rather perfect cultivation cycle.
“Let’s call it the Source Power Skill Cultivation Cycle.”
Lu Ming began to come up with names.
It was evident that Lu Ming’s mood was particularly bright!


CHAPTER-136
Chapter 136: The Final Moments

The Great Source Power Skill Training Cycle significantly boosted Lu Ming’s Explosive Fist training speed.
The cycle was set at fifteen minutes five minutes of empty strikes to deplete superpower, followed by ten minutes to replenish superpower.
In one cycle, the proficiency of the Explosive Fist could increase by loo to 120 points!
Four cycles in an hour would result in an increase of 400 to 480 proficiency points!
The increase in proficiency for Hand-to hand combat was even more remarkable!
From the looks of it, the progress bar of 1,000 proficiency points for the Explosive Fist was not that difficult to obtain.
A full hour passed.
The proficiency of the Explosive Fist had reached (mastery) (500/1,000).
The increase in proficiency for Hand-to-hand combat was even more shocking!
From Lv33 (2400/3300), it directly rose to Lv36 (500/3600)!
This was simply double the joy!
No, it was triple the joy.
And there was also the Basic Breathing Technique (Entry) (6/100).
Although the advancement of the Basic Breathing Technique might not increase Lu Ming’s attributes, having the skill in place and seeing the growth of proficiency was undoubtedly a good thing.
Up until this moment, Lu Ming finally felt tired…
This time, it was not the exhaustion from depleting his superpower, but rather a triple fatigue of his stamina, superpower, and mental strength.
The Explosive Fist did consume a lot of stamina, and after an hour, Lu Ming was a little tired.
The speed at which one consumed one’s mental strength when fully focused was also frightening.
It was time for Lu Ming to take a break.
After some thought, Lu Ming decided to end today’s training.
Afterward, Huo Sheng, Bai Tianyu and others continued chatting, but Lu Ming did not pay much attention.
Anyway, when Lu Ming was going home, he saw that the lights were still on in the small dining hall, they were still chatting…
Lu Ming did not want to listen anymore. He went back home, washed up, ate, and prepared to rest.
It was a good night of sweet dreams.
The next day.
Bay 134 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Sunday.
Early in the morning, Lu Ming went to the dining hall to have breakfast.
He realized that the table was filled with food.
There was not much exotic beast meat, probably enough to satisfy half of Lu Ming’s appetite. The rest was ordinary food.
Seeing this, Lu Ming thought for a moment and nodded at Chengcheng.
“You did well.”
Yesterday, Bai Tianyu mentioned that after entering the Black Mist Zone, ordinary food would rapidly decay, leaving only rhe exotic beast meat preserved.
This meant that if they did not finish the ordinary food in this last period of time, it would cause a huge waste.
Waste was actually not the main issue.
The main point was that the exotic beast meat had already become a strategic resource. Keeping some to bring into the Black Mist Zone was the best option.
Zhang Chengcheng smiled and said, “Brother Lu, you can have some too, don’t waste your time.”
Lu Ming nodded without hesitation.
The meal took longer than before.
But overall, it was still within Lu Ming’s acceptable range.
After breakfast, Lu Ming did some simple warm-up exercises and then started his daily routine of training.
Although cultivating Source Power Skills provided more attributes, Lu Ming still understood the principle of reaping long-term benefits with perseverance.
Therefore, the routine exercises in the morning would definitely not change!
Around ten o’clock in the morning, Lu Ming finished his regular exercises. After a short break, he prepared to practice his Explosive Fist before taking an afternoon nap.
However, he saw more than a dozen military vehicles leaving Good Hope Village and heading into the distance.
Bai Tianyu and Duan Mei were leading the way.
Lu Ming asked curiously, “Where are they going again?11
Wang Xiong said in a deep voice, “They are going to enter the Black Mist Zone.”
“Last night, Huo Sheng made a decision to build a new base in the ruins of the ancient city that Colonel Bai mentioned. They are the vanguard! ”
After saying that, Wang Xiong pondered for a moment and sighed, “Once they leave this time, they won’t be coming back.”
Lu Ming nodded in understanding.
Time was running out.
In all likelihood, they only had about half a month left before the Black Mist covered the entire Nanxiang area.
When that happened, a large number of survivors would enter the Black Mist Zone, and the initial period would undoubtedly be chaotic and disorderly.
To prevent potential large-scale casualties, the Black Mist Exploration Team was mobilized once again, this time to establish a safe zone within the Black Mist Zone.
This admirable act filled Lu Ming with deep respect.
As he watched Bai Tianyu and the others move further away, Lu Ming said in a solemn tone, “I will ensure the safety here.”
At noon that day, before his nap.
The Explosive Fist leveled up again!
Explosive Fist (Novice) (1/10000): World Realm Source Power Skill. After mastering it, it significantly enhances the punching power. You have mastered the use of Explosive Fist, and your overall attributes +300! Your free attribute points +300!
Since last night.
Explosive Fist had gone through three stages: Entry, Mastery, and Proficiency.
The proficiency requirement increased from 100 to 1,000, and then to the current 10,000.
Attribute point gains increased from +30, to +70, to +200!
The Proficient level Explosive Fist provided Lu Ming with a whopping 300 attribute points! There were even 300 free attribute points!
This kind of progress was simply terrifying!
in addition, Lu Ming’s Hand-to-hand combat skill had also reached Level 41 (500/4100).
Therefore, in just a day, Lu Ming’s attributes changed significantly to:
Strength: 1208.3
Physique: 1219.1
Agility: 1204.2
Free Attribute Points: 396
It was as if an endless and boundless power was surging in his body.
With a height of 2.6 meters, Lu Ming stood on the ground like a small mountain.
His strong body stretched the specially made clothes tightly, outlining the bulging muscles on his body.
Cheng Cheng and Wei Lan, who were watching from afar, felt that Lu Ming did not look like a living person at this moment , but rather like a sculpture created by a master craftsman!
He clenched his fist and threw another explosive punch.
The booming sound erupted from his fist, and the punch’s force traveled far before shattering with a loud bang.
Satisfied with the power of this punch, Lan Ming nodded.
“The increase in skill level is not just about adding attributes for me.”
“The higher the skill level, the stronger the power/
Between the Entry Level Explosive Fist, the Mastery Level Explosive Fist, and the Proficiency Level Explosive Fist, there was a difference in power.
If one were to estimate based on rhe data,
the difference in power between each level was about 50%- this already excluded the interference of attribute increases.
“From today onwards, the Explosive Fist will replace the Cold Light Stab Punch and Sword Qi and become my strongest trump card.”
“Therefore, I need to keep practicing!”
Not just for the attributes.
But also to strengthen the lethality of the killer move.
Currently, the power of the proficient level Explosive Fist was already shocking enough. Lu Ming was interested in studying rhe changes of a higher level Explosive Fist.
All in all…
Since last night, Lu Ming’s training strategy underwent another change.
Basic skills?
I’m not practicing anymore!
IPho would need those outdated things when you have Source Power Skill?
Moreover, cultivating Source Power Skill was also a way to cultivate basic skills.
Therefore, there was no more climbing the tower to shoot zombies, no more saber techniques, sword techniques, or stances.
Lu Ming’s future daily schedule will consist of two things.
Basic exercises and Explosive Fist!


CHAPTER-137
Chapter 137: The Final Moments (2)

The tenfold increase in the upper limit of skill proficiency did bring a certain degree of trouble to Lu Ming.
But not much.
Lu Ming knew in his heart that his practice of the explosive fist was far superior to anyone else’s.
This was an advantage brought about by the system.
However, if he wanted to turn external advantages into his personal strengths, he had to rely on his own efforts.
And Lu Ming had always been a very hardworking person!
On this day, the rumbling outside Good Hope Village did not stop.
And on the same night, Lu Ming’s hard work paid off once again!
After nearly ten hours of hard training, his Explosive Fist had leveled up again!
Explosive Fist (Mastery) (1/100,000): World Realm Source Power Skill. After mastering it, it significantly enhances the punching power. You have mastered the applications of Explosive Fist, and your overall attributes +600! Your free attribute points +600!
Compared to the skilled level Explosive Fist, mastering it provided Lu Ming with an additional 300 points in all attributes and 300 points in free attribute points!
Adding to that, during these ten hours of rigorous practice, his Hand-to-hand Combat skill experienced a major breakthrough!
Hand-to-hand Combat Lv4i (500/4100) – Hand-to-hand Combat Lvyo (3500/7000)!
Strength and Stamina +162.4!
As a result, Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Strength: 1670.7
Physique: 1681.5
Agility: 1504.2
Free Attribute Points: 696
With just one Source Power Skill, Lu Ming’s attributes had nearly doubled!
That night, Lu Ming lay in bed after washing up, checking his attribute panel and feeling the explosive strength in his body.
“Great.”
Lu Ming was very satisfied with his attributes.
He then made a comparison.
“According to the physical fitness of an ordinary adult male, a normal person is at 5, Level 1 is 10, Level 2 is 20, Level 3 is 40, Level 4 is 80, Level 5 is 160, Level 6 is 320, Level 7 is 640, Level 8 is 1,280 and Level 9 is 2,560!”
“Therefore, my current attributes should be somewhere between level 8 and 9.”
“However, 1 have to consider that High-level Awakened possessed superpowers. The higher the level of the Awakened, the stronger their superpowers are. In a real battle, the superpower of an Awakened is a terrifying weapon, and my weapon is only my muscles.”
Being without superpowers or having low-level abilities put him at a disadvantage compared to high-level Awakened ones.
“In that case, my current strength at Level 8 should be considered average.”
Whether attributes higher than those of Level 8 creatures could compensate for the lack of superpower depended on the type and characteristics of the opponent’s superpower.
If the Awakened possessed a powerful ability like Bai Tianyu or Zhang Chengcheng, both at level 8, Lu Ming would probably have a hard time winning.
However, if the Awakened had visual enhancement and auditory enhancement, which had nothing to do with combat, Lu Ming would have a significant advantage.
“So, considering this, are there level 8 or 9 creatures in the Black Mist Zone? Or maybe even creatures beyond the Worldly Realm?”
The probability was high.
In comparison, Lu Ming’s current strength seemed not as exaggerated as he initially thought…
“Not just not as exaggerated, but not exaggerated at all.”
He suppressed the slight arrogance brought about by the sudden increase in strength and took a deep breath, “Keep going! Keep working hard! Can’t stop!” Because he felt that he was still too weak…
Day 135 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Monday.
In the morning, he did his regular exercises + Explosive Fist practice.
In the afternoon, he practiced Explosive Fist.
In the evening, he practiced Explosive Fist.
An almost perfect daily routine…
In short, Lu Ming spent a perfect day like this.
When it was time to sleep at night, the gathering place on Guangping Street was attacked—a group of exotic beast attackers led by a Tier 6 exotic beast. Nearly a hundred big and small exotic beasts, possibly driven crazy by hunger, launched an attack on the Guangping Street gathering place.
And they ended up becoming Lu Ming’s reserve food supply.
In short, a perfect day concluded with a bountiful harvest.
Day 136 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Tuesday.
It was rare for Lu Ming to leave home but today, it took him about an hour going back and forth.
It was mainly to observe the progress of the Black Mist’s contraction.
He discovered that the Black Mist had already shrunk into the city area of Nanxiang.
After returning home, Lu Ming deeply felt that his time in Nanxiang was running out, so he redoubled his efforts to practice the Explosive Fist.
During dinner, Huo Sheng came to visit and briefly discussed with Lu Ming the progress of the Black Mist’s contraction and the monsters that had penetrated from the Black Mist Zone.
According to Huo Sheng’s estimation, in about 150 days of the Apocalypse Calendar, the entire Nanxiang would be completely engulfed by the Black Mist Zone. This was like a final time warning given to Lu Ming.
On the other hand, the creatures that had seeped through the Black Mist which had cracked several times, became a minor issue.
For example, the Level 6 mutated beast that appeared yesterday was a trespasser.
Also, the many creatures that Lu Ming had accidentally killed in the past two days.
In short, there seemed to be a huge restriction on infiltrating Nanxiang from the Black Mist Zone. This restriction prevented high-level creatures from crossing the border at ail.
Huo Sheng believed that the level limit should be below Level 7, which was at most Level 6.
At least for this period of time, no one had seen a Level 7 creature in Nanxiang.
Huo Sheng confirmed again and again that even a level seven creature would be considered inferior before Lu Ming. Satisfied with this knowledge, he left contentedly.
Lu Ming also felt very happy.
Today’s conversation not only helped him determine the final time frame.
It also made Lu Ming realize that even cross-dimensional creatures would have a hard time threatening his life.
Thinking about it, there should be no external factors interfering with Lu Ming’s normal life in the remaining ten-plus days.
Day 137 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Wednesday.
In the morning, he completed farming his daily attributes and moved on to practicing the Explosive Fist.
At around 4:30 pm in the afternoon, Lu Ming encountered a setback.
His Hand-to-hand combat skill had encountered a bottleneck.
Or rather, he had maxed out his Hand-to-hand combat skill!
Hand-to-Hand Combat Lvioo (Maximum): You have completely mastered the essence of Hand-to-hand Combat. Your fist and kick skills have already reached their peak!
After checking the skill description multiple times, Lu Ming had to admit that Lvioo might be the limit for these ordinary skills.
Although he could not rule out the possibility of future opportunities leading to further improvements in Hand-to-hand Combat, at least for now, he had reached the end of enhancing this basic skill.
“But it’s still not bad.”
Lvioo Hand-to-hand Combat meant a tenfold boost in the cultivation of the Explosive Fist.
Although he could no longer increase his attributes from his Hand-to-hand combat skill, he still had not maxed out his Explosive Fist training, right?
Explosive Fist (Mastery) (30,000/100,000).
At the current rate of practice, Lu Ming could obtain more than 10,000 points of Explosive Fist Proficiency in a day. So he believed that by the time the Black Mist completely covered Nanxiang, his Explosive Fist would enter the next level.
Putting aside the matter of Hand-to-hand Combat, Lu Ming immersed himself once again in the joy of practicing the explosive punch.
Day 138 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Thursday.
Lu Ming’s fitness skill had reached level 29.
The proficiency of the Explosive Fist had reached (43,000/100,000).
His attributes became:
Strength: 1940-5
Physique: 1951.3
Agility: 1517.5
Free Attribute Points: 696
At night, more exotic beasts attacked, but they all ended up becoming Lu Ming’s food reserves.
In the middle of the night, Zhang Lixin brought people to deal with the exotic beasts and sent them to Lu Ming’s private freezer.
The next day was Friday, the 139th day of the Apocalypse Calendar.
After Lu Ming learned of this, he specially went to the freezer to take a look and found out that the amount of exotic beast meat he had stored had already exceeded what he could consume.
So, he simply took out a portion of the exotic beast meat reserve and gave it to Wang Xiong and Huo Sheng, telling them to distribute it as they pleased..


CHAPTER-138
Chapter 138: The Final Moments (3)

Saturday, Day 140 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Saturday.
At ten in the afternoon, on a whim, Lu Ming climbed up his 400-meter high observation tower again after several days of absence.
He looked down from above at the entire city.
He could see that the Black Mist in the distance had already spread close. It was like an overwhelming curtain wall slowly but surely pressing towards Good Hope Village.
Below, in the other places surrounded by the Black Mist, Lu Ming saw zombies following the lead of higher-level zombies, entering the Black Mist Zone either willingly or passively.
There were exotic beasts hunting zombies along the way, feasting on them but inevitably being engulfed by the Black Mist.
Some monsters emerged from the Black Mist, wandering aimlessly and were shot in the head by Lu Ming’s slingshot.
And then there were people too.
They were from the official migration team.
Carrying their belongings like they were moving, they entered the Black Mist Zone under the arrangements of their superiors and would never return.
After descending from the observation tower, Lu Ming asked Wang Xiong curiously, “Has the relocation started?”
“Yes, it started yesterday,” Wang Xiong replied.
Since they would eventually be swallowed by the Black Mist, the others did not have the same motivation as Lu Ming, who could become stronger with each passing day.
So Huo Sheng simply arranged for the people to enter the Black Mist in batches.
Lu Ming did not express much about iit, but he was a little emotional during his afternoon nap.
He lamented about the Apocalypse life in Nanxiang City for the past 140 days.
He sighed again. His old house was finally going to leave him.
Day 141 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Sunday.
After completing his daily training this morning, Lu Ming was not in a hurry to practice the Explosive Fist.
He ascended the observation tower to look at the black mist.
He could see that the black fog had already spread to a place less than ten kilometers away from Good Hope Village.
This made Lu Ming sigh softly.
After returning home and looking at everything in the house, Lu Ming suddenly felt sentimental.
After lamenting for about ten minutes, Lu Ming began to take action…
He took out all the food stored in the basement of his house.
These would be given away free to Guangping Street gathering place and the officials.
He also gathered some usable supplies, such as fuel, metal, and so on.
Finally, Lu Ming stood in front of the desk on the second floor.
Looking at the computer and diary on the desk, Lu Ming thought for a moment then dismantled the computer and smashed the hard drive and motherboard into pieces.
He then picked up the diary.
As he flipped through it, what greeted his eyes was the bits and pieces of Lu Ming’s life in Nanxiang over the past 140 days.
While reading, Lu Ming could not help but smile.
After he had read through it completely, Lu Ming tore the diary into pieces.
It was like a farewell.
It was not just a farewell to the diary and this old house.
But also to say goodbye to his previous life and everything that had happened.
He went downstairs to the door.
“Click, click, click, click, click.”
After five clicks, the five locks were unlocked. Lu Ming walked out of the house and stood at the door. He saw that Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan had already packed their things and were waiting quietly in front of a military vehicle.
Lu Ming smiled warmly at the two women and came to their side.
Then, he turned around and sized up everything around him. After a long time, Zhang Chengcheng asked, “Are we leaving now, Brother Lu?”
Lu Ming nodded slightly.
Yes, they were leaving now.
But not heading directly into the Black Mist Zone right away.
Instead, they were heading towards the tower.
The contraction of the black mist was centered around the tower. In other words, the areas near the tower would be the last to be engulfed by the black mist.
Considering Lu Ming’s system characteristics, the later he entered the Black Mist Zone, the more advantages Lu Ming could establish.
Rationally and emotionally, Lu Ming had to stay in Nanxiang until the very last moment.
It was just that he really could not coexist with his house until the end….
Thinking of this, Lu Ming sighed again.
He stomped his feet gently.
As a result, the power of his feet traveled along the ground and transmitted to the foundation of the house.
Just then, there was a loud bang.
Lu Ming’s house had been destroyed by himself.
They boarded the military vehicle which started and drove towards the direction of the Holy Tower.
Wei Lan was the driver, and Lu Ming and Zhang Chengcheng sat in the back seat. Lu Ming’s weapons and other commonly used items were also in the trunk.
As for the other things, Wang Xiong and his men would bring them over later. What Lu Ming needed to do now was to find a temporary residence near the Holy Tower that he liked. As for the rest of the trivial matters, someone else would help Lu Ming resolve them.
The Holy Tower was located in a safe zone. The path to the Holy Tower had long been cleared.
About ten minutes later, Lu Ming arrived at the foot of the towering Holy Tower.
Looking up, he gazed at the Holy Tower.
It stood tall and majestic like a giant pillar supporting the sky.
Unfortunately, Lu Ming did not perceive any information from the Holy Tower.
“So, this thing only looks at levels and not actual strength.”
“Well, that’s fine too…”
The current Lu Ming did not want to have any intimate contact with this inappropriate thing.
It was also because of this that Lu Ming chose a new temporary residence in an office building slightly away from the Holy Tower.
He found a spacious and clean office.
Everything settled down again.
In the afternoon, Lu Ming spent a little time finding a suitable empty space and started training again.
Due to the busy day, Lu Ming only gained a total of 6,000 Explosive Fist proficiency points by night.
The next day, Day 142 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Monday.
Lu Ming stood on the top of the tallest building nearby and looked in the direction of Good Hope Village.
He saw that his former home had already been swallowed by the black mist and disappeared without a trace.
However, Lu Ming had already felt sentimental and nostalgic about it.
Spending more time on this matter would be a bit too melodramatic.
He simply jumped down from the tall building and started his exercise for the day.
The day went by without any incidents.
At night, Lu Ming lay on his bed and felt a bit insomniac.
After all, living outside was just not as comfortable as being in his own house.
But apart from that, there was not much difference.
Soon, tiredness overwhelmed him, and Lu Ming fell into a deep slumber.
Day 143 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Tuesday.
That night, his Explosive Fist proficiency was maxed out and he leveled up once again!
Explosive Fist (Perfect) (1/100,000): A source power technique of the Earthly Realm that significantly enhances the punching power when mastered. You have perfectly mastered all aspects of the Explosive Fist, and your overall attributes are increased by 1000! You gain 1000 free attribute points!
His three-dimensional attributes increased by 400 points again! His free attribute points also increased by 400 points!
Thus, Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Strength: 2361
Physique: 2371.8
Agility: 1938.
Free Attribute Points: 1096
The increase in attributes was one aspect.
The power of the Explosive Fist was another aspect.
Closing his eyes, Lu Ming could feel a massive influx of memories related to the Explosive Fist crazily surging in his mind.
He assimilated and absorbed all the essence, principles, techniques, and actual combat use of the Explosive Fist, incorporating them as a whole.
He threw another explosive punch.
But this time, it lacked the exaggerated aura.
This explosive punch appeared ordinary, like Lu Ming’s ordinary punch—but only Lu Ming knew the true devastating power contained within that punch!
“I can say that I’ve completely mastered the Explosive Fist.”
“In fact, when 1 use the Explosive Fist now, 1 don’t even need to be constrained by form or fist.”
“The Explosive Fist can be executed with palms or even with my feet.”
In essence, the Explosive Fist was a special method of exerting force. In the state of perfection, the Explosive Fist had become Lu Ming’s instinct, as natural as breathing, effortlessly performed!
This was the limit of his skill!
However…
“After the state of perfection, there are still levels to go…”
Looking at the tenfold increase in proficiency, Lu Ming fell into deep thought..


CHAPTER-139
Chapter 139: The Final Moments (End)

There was not much to contemplate, really.
Gave Lu Ming a proficiency prompt, and he would max it out!
That was just how Lu Ming was, that was his logic!
Even though Lu Ming felt that the Explosive Fist in its perfect state was already flawless and could not be improved any further, since the system said so, he continued to train and see what would happen.
He executed several ordinary and unremarkable Explosive Fists, and the proficiency continued to rise. But considering that it was getting late, Lu Ming decided to go home and rest.
Gaining 1,000,000 proficiency points was destined to be a long and gradual process.
Day 144 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Wednesday.
Nothing happened.
Day 145 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Thursday.
Today was uneventful as well. 
Dayi46 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Friday.
Still, nothing happened.)
Day 140 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Saturday.
For Lu Ming, today was another ordinary day.
That night, Huo Sheng came to visit and brought a little girl with him.
“This is Lolita.”
With that said, he pointed at Lu Ming and said to Lolita, “And this is Mr. Lu. Call him Uncle.”
Lorita smiled sweetly and said, “Hello, Uncle Lu.”
Lu Ming nodded gently, “Hello to you too.”
Then, he looked at Huo Sheng, not understanding why Huo Sheng had brought a child over.
Huo Sheng explained, “You also know rhe ability of Lolita’s mother. It’s a bloodline connection.”
“She can remotely sense Lolita1 s location.”
Moreover, she had provided valuable information to Nanxiang City.
“And just today, Lolita’s mother advanced and became a Level 6 Awakened.” “Correspondingly, her ability has also undergone some changes. According to her, as long as she waits for Lolita to enter the Black Mist Zone, she can locate Lolita’s location through her superpower.”
Lu Ming raised his eyebrows and looked at Lolita. After thinking for a moment, he nodded and said, “It’s a very important ability.”
It was definitely not strong.
But it was crucial.
it was known that the area of the Black Mist Zone was quite large. At least until now, the human side (be it Nanxiang or New York) had yet to explore the border of the Black Mist Zone.
That place might not have a border…
After the survivors of Nanxiang and New York entered the Black Mist Zone, they were in different locations.
Huo Sheng was also interested in New York wanting to join forces with Nanxiang. There was indeed strength in numbers. Now was not the time to consider national issues.
However, they did not know the location, so it was naturally impossible for them to join forces.
The special connection between Lolita and her mother gave this matter a little room to be manipulated.
Therefore, Lolita was very important.
“That’s why 1 want her to stay with you.”
Huo Sheng was a little embarrassed to make this request.
Because he wanted Lu Ming to act as Lolita’s babysitter…
But to his surprise, Lu Ming readily agreed, “Sure.”
It was just a casual decision for him.
In any case, Lu Ming would not enter the Black Mist Zone alone. Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan were his companions. It was not easy for Lu Ming to farm attributes without them.
Since he had already brought two companions, adding one more would not make a difference.
After settling the matter, Huo Sheng bade farewell and left.
He left Lolita with Lu Ming.
Facing Lolita, who was as exquisite as a porcelain doll, Lu Ming was not sure how to interact with her.
He did not like children, nor did he dislike them.
It was just that he did not have any experience in interacting with such a young child.
Fortunately, Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan helped Lu Ming with this issue.
Soon, the two big girls and one small girl were playing and laughing together.
Day 148 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Sunday.
Huo Sheng brought nearly 10,000 survivors to the vicinity of the Holy Tower.
The official shelter had already been swallowed by the black mist.
At the same time, some exotic beasts and zombies were also approaching this area, hoping to delay being devoured by the Black Mist.
Their fate was self-evident.
Moreover, this was not the first time such a thing had happened.
Other than killing exotic beasts and zombies, Lu Ming had nothing else to worry about. He focused on continuous training, hoping to be in peak condition when he entered the Black Mist Zone.
Day 149 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Monday.
That night.
The black mist spread to within three kilometers of Lu Ming’s temporary residence.
Taking advantage of the night, Lu Ming brought Zhang Chengcheng, Wei Lan, and Lolita to the tall building nearest to the Holy Tower and spent the night dealing with the situation.
The next day.
Day 150 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Tuesday.
Lu Ming got up on time at six in the morning.
Then, he went downstairs and arrived at the foot of the Holy Tower.
At this very moment, this place was filled with people.
Thousands of people were squeezed together like canned food, and at the outer edge of the crowd, the spreading black mist had already reached everyone’s sight.
Without a doubt, this was the final moment.
Lu Ming was tall to begin with, and even among the crowd, he stood out.
A moment later, Huo Sheng found his way to Lu Ming.
“Follow me!”
After following Huo Sheng for a while, they arrived at the other side of the Holy Tower.
From afar, Lu Ming saw an open space and the off-road vehicle parked on it, which had been reinforced and enlarged.
“This is prepared for you.”
According to the rules for entering the Black Mist Zone, people on the same vehicle would be teleported together, making the vehicle very important.
Lu Ming did not want to be separated from Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan.
In case they could not find each other, he would have to spend more time looking for new companions, which was too wasteful.
Lu Ming, Zhang Chengcheng, Wei Lan, and Lolita boarded the car.
Wei Lan sat in the driver’s seat, Lolita in the passenger seat, and Chengcheng and Lu Ming in the back seats.
Outside the car window, Huo Sheng leaned against it and said, “Mr. Lu, after entering the Black Mist Zone, the safety of everyone is the top priority. If you feel that you’re safe enough, please help those in need.”
After saying that, Huo Sheng bowed deeply to Lu Ming.
Lu Ming nodded solemnly, “Sure.”
“There’s some water, zombie crystals, and exotic beast meat stored in the trunk of the car, probably enough for all of you to consume for three days.”
“The rest, we’ve discussed before, so I won’t repeat it.”
“Have a safe trip.”
Lu Ming replied, “You too.”
After the conversation, Huo Sheng turned and left.
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming could not help but call out to Huo Sheng s departing figure.
‘I still have an empty seat in the car. Do you want to come with me?”
Since he was already taking three companions, one more with Huo Sheng would not make a difference.
Huo Sheng just smiled and waved his hand.
As expected, the atmosphere in the car was a little heavy.
But soon, this heaviness turned into a vague sense of fear.
Through the car window, they could see the black mist moving forward like a squirming giant beast, advancing slowly.
The area centered around the Holy Tower was being eroded and compressed by the black mist continuously.
This brought an undeniable sense of psychological pressure.
Fear arose from the unknown.
It was about seven in the morning.
The black mist spread to the bumper of the car…
It crawled like a living creature, slowly spreading and covering.
Until it swallowed the entire car into its midst..


CHAPTER-140
Chapter 140: Fallen Angel

The feeling of being covered by Black Mist was extremely unpleasant.
It was like being immersed in cold water while countless bugs crawled all over the body.
Lu Ming was not afraid of pain, but he was indeed afraid of itching.
This made Lu Ming very uncomfortable.
But soon, the uncomfortable feeling disappeared.
Because as the black mist covered Lu Ming’s entire body, it stripped Lu Ming of all his senses…
As if sinking into complete darkness.
No sight, no hearing, not even touch.
Even Lu Ming’s consciousness gradually became blurry…
It was unknown how much time had passed.
It was not until a certain moment that Lu Ming felt his body having pins and needles, and he suddenly opened his eyes.
Beside him, the three girls moaned over and over again, but Lu Ming ignored their state.
Instead, he leaned against the car window and looked around, only to find that the surrounding environment had undergone a drastic change!
The original buildings and the Holy Tower had disappeared without a trace, replaced by desolate land and rugged boulders.
His field of vision was quite wide, but everything that entered Lu Ming’s eyes seemed gray and gave an uncomfortable feeling.
Soon, Lu Ming found the source of the grayness.
“It’s the sky… The sky is gray.”
Yes, the sky within the Black Mist Zone area was gray and there was no sun.
The source of the light seemed to be the entire gray sky above his head. Under the illumination of this gray light, everything in the entire Black Mist Zone seemed to be covered in dust.
“There was no one else or monsters,” Zhang Chengcheng’s voice came from beside him. Lu Ming observed briefly and nodded.
There was indeed no one else.
Within the range of his vision, other than this car and the four people inside, there was nothing else moving.
“I wonder if we’re lucky or unlucky,” Wei Lan said hesitantly and the other three also agreed with what she said.
Bai Tianyu had once said that the way to enter the Black Mist Zone was similar to random teleportation. But overall, it was still limited to a certain medium-sized area.
There were at least thousands of people who had entered the Black Mist Zone at the same time just now, but there were no live persons around Lu Ming’s landing point. This could only be explained by probability.
“What should we do next?”
Lolita asked in fear before looking at Lu Ming.
Wei Lan and Zhang Chengcheng also looked at Lu Ming – at this moment, Lu Ming had become the backbone of the group.
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming said, “Let’s go find the ruins of the ancient city.”
That was the gathering place designated by the authorities within the Black Mist Zone.
Indeed, Lu Ming did not go solo, leaving the official group – because a stable environment was crucial to him!
This was in line with the official approach.
However, without a map and knowing the route, the only way to find the ruins of the ancient city was to do it the dumb way.
He had to search hard.
“Anyway, let’s start moving.”
As soon as Lu Ming said this, Wei Lan immediately started the car.
Accompanied by the creaking sound, the car moved, but it always felt like it was about to break down.
“By the way, Lolita, can you sense your mother’s location?”
Zhang Chengcheng seemed to have thought of something and asked Lolita. Then she saw Lolita close her eyes and soon she nodded,
“I can.”
She stretched out her hand and pointed to the right side of the car.
“That way.”
“The distance is …very, very far…”
Due to the lack of a reference point, Lolita could not tell how far it was.
But it was definitely very far.
However, one thing was certain.
For the time being, Lolita would probably not see her mother again.
At the moment Lolita entered the Black Mist Zone.
In another distant place, inside a rudimentary stone house.
There was a woman named Maggie, whose expression changed.
She sensed that her daughter had already entered the Black Mist Zone.
She quickly concealed the change in expression on her face. At this moment, Maggie seemed unwilling to let anyone see what emotions she was going through.
Unfortunately, the person beside her had an astonishing level of observation!
“Your daughter has come in, right?”
On Maggie’s right, a tall white man asked with a smile.
His name was Anderson, the leader and strongest person in New York. He was a Level 7 Awakened.
Hearing Anderson’s words, Maggie gently bit her lower lip, but still did not respond.
Beside Anderson, a girl of eighteen or nineteen, wearing heavy smoky makeup, spoke softly, “I heard her thoughts. Yes, your daughter and the survivors from Nanxiang have entered the Black Mist Zone.”
Some things were destined not to be hidden.
Maggie remained silent, but Anderson had already gotten the answer he wanted.
He turned his head and looked at the center of the room, the most honored position. Anderson knelt down on both knees, flattering to the extreme, “Great one, the other group of people I mentioned earlier has already entered the Black Mist Zone.”
Right in front of Anderson, a figure over two meters tall slowly spoke and made a sound of agreement.
The deep voice exploded in everyone’s ears.
It was not English but a strange language. This language resonated directly in the minds of the few people present, allowing them to instantly understand the meaning of the words.
“Bring me there and you’ll live. Otherwise, you’ll die.”
Anderson quickly nodded, “Of course, of course.”
Hearing Anderson’s response, the figure nodded again.
Then, he walked towards the door.
Only when the light at the door shone on the figure did everyone see his true appearance clearly.
He was 2.3 meters tall, with human-like facial features. From his facial features, he was probably a male.
His body was covered in purple-black patterns, like clothes, covering up the vital parts of his body.
He also had hands and feet, but he only had three fingers on both hands, and his feet were not human-like either, more like the talons of a bird of prey.
What was even more eye-catching was his back.
A pair of hanging, gray-black bird wings grew from his back!
Overall, this creature looked like a human with eagle-like features, somewhat resembling an angel in Western mythology.
However, the New Yorkers who had interacted with these monsters for some time knew that they were definitely not angels sent by God to save all beings. They were more like fallen angels who had crawled out of hell.
It was not until the monster walked out of the door and spread its wings to soar into the sky that Anderson looked at Maggie again, his expression becoming much more serious.
“Which direction are the people from Nanxiang in? Don’t lie to me.”
Maggie bit her lip lightly and remained silent, unwilling to respond.
Before the girl with smoky makeup could speak, Anderson let out a heavy sigh.
“The cruelty and power of those fallen angels, you know it too. If the people from Nanxiang don’t die, we will die.”
“Maggie, I know you’re kind, but in this situation, I have no choice.”
“The lives of the people from Nanxiang are important. Are our lives not important?”
Having said this, Anderson saw that Maggie’s expression was starting to change, so he continued talking.
“I’ve already told them a while ago that after they capture enough people from Nanxiang, they’ll include us in their protection. Just think about it. With their protection, at least in this area, our safety will be guaranteed.”
“People have to stay alive. Only when you’re alive can you think about other things.”
“When the time comes, you can bring Lolita over. This way, she won’t have to live in fear outside anymore. The two of you, mother and daughter, can be reunited…”
Tears welled in Maggie’s eyes.
She really wanted to find the best solution, but she could not find it no matter what.
It was not until the sound of flapping wings echoed in the sky outside that Maggie finally took a deep breath.
“I understand..”


CHAPTER-141
Chapter 141: Ancestor of the Bear Mountain

Obviously, there were no roads in the Black Mist Zone.
This made the progress of the car slow and bumpy.
Constant vibrations surged through, causing Lolita’s face to turn pale, with a risk of motion sickness.
It could be fortunate or unfortunate.
Lolita’s motion sickness risk soon disappeared.
However, this was because at some point, dozens of pairs of green eyes had already locked onto the car.
Both Maggie and Bai Tianyu had said that danger was everywhere in the Black Mist Zone.
There were zombies, demons, and strange creatures of all shapes and sizes here. However, the ones with the most numbers were the exotic beasts!
What Lu Ming did not know was that the territory of the Black Mist Zone that the people from Nanxiang had descended actually had an owner. It was just like how ferocious beasts in the natural world had their own territories.
However, the territories of the ferocious beasts in the Black Mist Zone were tens to hundreds of times larger.
As it happened, the overlord of this area was someone who had appeared in Nanxiang City before.
It was the ancient ancestor of the Six-legged Wolf Bear.
Or more precisely, this place was the hunting ground of the Six-legged Wolf Bears. The people from Nanxiang were the invaders.
Or perhaps food?
Bear Mountain was located in the center of this area.
It was the territory of the ancient ancestor of the Six-legged Wolf Bear.
Creatures like the Six-legged Wolf Bear were similar to jackals in the natural world on Earth. Within the Black Mist Zone, their individual combat strength was not that strong, and their group combat strength was not impressive either.
However, the mystery factors that filled the Black Mist Zone brought endless possibilities to all living creatures.
The ancestor of the Six-legged Wolf Bear was such an anomaly.
It was born with an extremely strong affinity for mystery factors.
A normal adult Six-legged Wolf Bear only had the strength of a Tier 4. A small portion of them could reach Tier 5, and the Six-legged Wolf Bear ancient ancestor was already Tier 7 when he reached adulthood!
Its immense strength gave it a long lifespan.
And its long lifespan brought it even greater strength and intelligence, comparable to that of a superbeast.
To put it simply, the intelligence of an ordinary Six-legged Wolf Bear was not much different from that of a smart dog in the natural world.
The intelligence of the Six-legged Wolf Bear ancestor was almost on par with that of a normal human.
It could think.
Naturally, it could also gather information.
Naturally, it could do much more!
At this moment, on the peak of Bear Mountain.
The Wolf Bear ancestor, who was ten meters wide and nearly 50 meters long, stood tall and looked down upon its territory.
Its eyes were sharp and spirited, and it was in its prime.
It firmly believed that it would lead its tribe to a new height!
“Howl!”
(With the appearance of the new wave of people who underwent tribulations, this is the best opportunity for me!)
Its exceptional intelligence and long lifespan allowed the Wolf Bear ancestor to know many secrets unknown to others.
When the Black Mist first cracked, the ancestor of the Bear Mountain realized that a huge opportunity lay before it and its tribe.
Unfortunately, as rumored, the restriction of the Black Mist prevented high-level creatures from entering Nanxiang, this newbie village. At that time, the Six-legged Wolf Bear ancestor tried its best to break through but could not go to Nanxiang.
The Bear Mountain ancestor could only send the warriors of its tribe to explore Nanxiang City first.
His intention was good and wise.
However, the problem was that its subordinates were indeed not very competent.
Those ordinary Six-legged Wolf Bears crossed the Black Mist and entered Nanxiang and, without the restraints of the Ancestor, they quickly immersed themselves in the joy of filling their stomachs.
One group was first slaughtered by Lu Ming.
Another group was swallowed by the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
Only a few smaller ones successfully returned with the intelligence.
At this moment, there was such a returnee beside the Wolf Bear ancestor.
“Howl!”
(How’s their strength over there?)
“Howl!”
(Ancestor, they’re not very strong…)
Of course, they were not very strong.
This was because those Six-legged Wolf Bears that had seen true experts had either turned into were already reduced to excrement…
In short, these ordinary Six-legged Wolf Bears could only achieve this much.
The Wolf Bear ancestor did not dwell on this.
This was because from the intelligence it received, the strength of the first generation of those who underwent tribulations was fundamentally non-threatening.
At this moment, Nanxiang was completely engulfed by the Black Mist.
With its extraordinary vision, the Bear Mountain ancestor vaguely saw that some people who underwent tribulations were appearing in its territory.
The prey had already gathered.
This made the Bear Mountain ancestor grin, and its expression became even more ferocious.
“Howl!”
(Previously, some brats saw that they had established a base in Barren City, right?)
The brats also let out a howl.
(Yes, Ancestor.)
Therefore, the Bear Mountain ancient ancestor strode down the mountain.
It slowly walked in the direction of the ancient city ruins, leisurely like a general about to win a huge battle. In the Bear Mountain, more Six-legged Wolf Bears crawled out of the crack of the mountain. Most of them followed the ancestor, and a small portion scattered in all directions.
The ancestor’s roar sounded again and was reflected in the ears of all the Six-legged Wolf Bears.
“Howl!”
(The flesh and blood of Tribulation Transcenders are greatly nourishing! Brats, the opportunity has been delivered to you. Whether you can seize it or not depends entirely on yourselves!)
“It’s really dangerous in the Black Mist Zone…”
Inside the car, Lu Ming muttered.
Then, the car stopped. Lu Ming looked at the other three, “Protect yourselves. I’ll be back soon.”
With that, he opened the car door and got out.
As soon as the tall and burly Lu Ming got out of the car, he immediately felt the surrounding exotic beasts had retreated slightly—because Lu Ming’s figure was really quite intimidating.
However, beasts were still beasts.
Be it exotic beasts or wild beasts, they were mostly driven by their instincts. Moreover, the instincts of exotic beasts told them that the man in front of them was just slightly taller and stronger and his true level was actually not that high.
It was just all a show.
Some of the slightly smarter Six-legged Wolf Bears even recalled what the ancestor had said earlier.
Tribulationists, eat them, and power up!
Although they did not know what tribulationists were.
However, they understood eating and power up.
Therefore, they eagerly rushed forward.
— Clearly, they were not as smart as they imagined.
Lu Ming only felt a fishy wind blowing at his face.
Under the lead of a few smart ones, dozens of Six-legged Wolf Bears launched a fierce attack on Lu Ming almost simultaneously!
In just a few seconds, the Six-Legged Wolf Bear in the lead had already rushed in front of Lu Ming!
It bared its fangs and brandished its claws.
It was ferocious!
It was ready to bite Lu Ming’s throat in one go.
Until it saw the tall man in front of it lightly throw a punch.
Then, it did not know anything else…
The three women in the car saw Lu Ming’s punch clearly.
They could not see the movement when Lu Ming threw the punch; they could only hear a loud “boom” and then see a condensed, crescent-shaped shockwave ripple out from in front of Lu Ming!
It was difficult to imagine that the force from the punch could have the shape of a saber qi—but this was the power of a perfect level Explosive Fist!
The three women did not know if its lethality was terrifying… Because the
Six-legged Wolf Bear closest to Lu Ming was instantly blasted into meat scraps.
The force of the punch remained condensed and did not disperse, sweeping towards the distance at an even faster speed!
The second Six-legged Wolf Bear that just came into contact with the fist force was similarly also shattered into pieces, and so was the third one…
In short, this force was like a bulldozer, leveling everything in front of Lu Ming! It traveled nearly a hundred meters before it finally exploded with a loud bang, shaking the military vehicle several times.
Looking at the bloody mess in front of him, Lu Ming scratched his head awkwardly.
“I used too much force…”
After all, these were all top-notch food. Now, they could only be used as meat filling..


CHAPTER-142
Chapter 142: The Beast Tide Attack!

Lu Ming had a very strange magic power.
His imposing physique made him intimidating, but in a world with mystery factors, physique did not directly represent combat power.
Otherwise, wouldn’t his mountain of flesh make him invincible?
In any case, any creature that made an enemy of Lu Ming felt a certain level of contempt towards him when they launched their attack.
However, after witnessing Lu Ming’s counterattack, that contempt turned into horror and fear..
Between contempt and horror, there was also a silent process—because they really needed time to digest the fact that this guy was a monster.
It was no exception now.
The Six-legged Wolf Bears were exotic beasts and being wild creatures, they had limited intelligence, but they still had instincts.
When the Six-legged Wolf Bears at the side saw the effect of Lu Ming’s punch, some of them immediately stopped in their tracks.
More than ten Six-legged Wolf Bears stared at Lu Ming and fell silent.
Soon, when Lu Ming turned around to look at them, a series of wailing sounded one after another.
He saw the remaining Six-legged Wolf Bear immediately clamped its tail.
A few of them wailed and scattered away, A few of them felt their legs went soft and fell to the ground. Some of them even rolled on the spot, revealing their gray bellies. They stuck out their tongues and curled their claws as they looked at Lu Ming fawningly.
“Who are you trying to act harmless for!?”
Lu Ming showed no mercy.
With a few heavy punches, he turned these Six-legged Wolf Bears into reserve rations of dried meat.
Back in the car, they continued searching for the ancient city ruins.
However, due to the lack of direction and target, their efficiency was extremely low.
Nevertheless, they were not anxious; it was all within their expectations.
Until about half an hour later, they still could find the ruins of the ancient city but Lu Ming vaguely heard a beast roaring coming from the horizon.
That roar was low and muffled, like a combination of a wolf and a bear—this was the howl of the Six-legged Wolf Bear.
However, compared to the Six-legged Wolf Bear they had seen before, the strength of this voice was much stronger.
“Stop!”
The car stopped and the engine was turned off. The three women also stopped talking.
Lu Ming was fully focused on capturing the sound in the distance.
Then, faint human battle cries could be heard.
This made Lu Ming frown.
“Let’s go over there and take a look.”
20 minutes ago.
At the ruins of the ancient city, the new gathering place for the people of Nanxiang in the Black Mist Zone.
Coincidentally, Huo Sheng’s landing point was not far from here, so he quickly rushed over to meet up with Bai Tianyu and the others.
As they walked through the ruins of the ancient city, Huo Sheng looked around with a calm expression, lost in thought.
After a brief tour around the small ruins of the ancient city, Huo Sheng nodded and said softly, “It’s not too bad.”
Bai Tianyu and the others had already entered the Black Mist Zone over ten days ago.
During this period of time, Huo Sheng had been sending people over. Bai Tianyu and the others were busy building this new gathering place. After all, this was the new home of Nanxiang people.
The efforts of the earth-element Awakened individuals had transformed the ruins into a modest settlement – with walls, houses, and everything needed for basic living conditions.
Though rudimentary, it was functional.
There was also a small river nearby, which solved the problem of water resources for the most part.
“However, there is an issue with food.”
Bai Tianyu said, “We haven’t found any edible crops to grow yet. Now, our rations consist of meat from the wild creatures and some wild fruits we pick.”
Pausing for a moment, Bai Tianyu continued, “Most of it is from the Six-legged Wolf Bears. Strangely, the diversity of nearby creatures is quite low, with the Six-legged Wolf Bears being the most numerous, followed by the Black Birds, and then some giant insects that are neither graded nor suitable for human consumption…”
The Six-legged Wolf Bear and the Black Bird were both omnivorous creatures.
They could eat anything, including wild fruits, leaves, and even insects or decaying matter that were basically inedible to humans.
Overall, the species of the nearby creatures were pitifully rare.
This made Huo Sheng’s expression change. After a long while, he smiled bitterly.
“I wonder if we’re unlucky or lucky.”
Bai Tianyu asked in confusion, “What do you mean?”
Huo Sheng said, “In a certain ecosystem, the diversity of creatures can roughly reflect the danger of this place.”
“You just said that the creatures nearby are quite scarce. I assume this place might be the territory of a certain creature, most likely the Six-legged Wolf Bears. The power of this group seems to be overwhelmingly dominant in this area. Now, we have become intruders.”
“In other words, we, the people of Nanxiang, have already formed a direct competitive relationship with the nearby Six-legged Wolf Bear population.”
Fighting for territory and resources.
To put it bluntly, it was for survival.
This was an irreconcilable fundamental conflict!
Therefore, the unlucky thing was that as soon as all the people from Nanxiang entered the Black Mist Zone, they had an enemy of an unknown scale.
Fortunately, the Six-legged Wolf Bear was the least dangerous exotic beast in the Black Mist Zone. In other words, this enemy was not strong.
As they chatted, the two of them suddenly felt the ground trembling beneath their feet.
Before the two of them could react, the Awakened on guard on the city wall shouted in fear!
His superpower was called “Sonic Waves”. In other words, his voice was much louder than ordinary people.
At this moment when he shouted, his voice resonated like thunder, alarming everything in the area!
“Colonel Bai! Professor Huo! Six-legged Wolf Bear! It’s the Six-legged Wolf Bear!!”
He looked like he had not seen much of the world, appearing green and inexperienced…
However, Bai Tianyu knew that ordinary Six-legged Wolf Bears could not scare that person to this extent. The ancient city ruins had suffered many attacks during this period of time, and the main force was the Six-legged Wolf Bears.
They were used to this kind of danger.
Looking at the trembling ground beneath his feet, Bai Tianyu also knew that the incoming wave of the Six-legged Wolf Bears that attacked this time would be astonishing in scale!
He jumped onto the city wall with Huo Sheng in tow.
Bai Tianyu looked into the distance.
In the next second, cold sweat dripped down his forehead.
Bai Tianyu did not care about the Level 4 and Level 5 Six-legged Wolf Bears.
The level suppression was one thing. On the other hand, Bai Tianyu’s Blood Boiling superpower could directly increase Bai Tianyu’s physical strength to a Level 7 grade.
Being one level higher meant crushing the opponent directly!
Being two levels higher, numbers did not matter!
So, even if a large number of exotic beasts attacked, if there were only Level 4 or Level 5 Six-legged Wolf Bears among them, it was not a big deal for Bai Tianyu.
At most, he could kill them all with some effort, just like how Brother Lu dealt with the zombie wave.
However, this time, a big guy appeared among the wild creatures…
In the distance, the beast wave came to a halt about ten kilometers away from the ancient city.
The Wolf Bear ancestor’s small mountain-like body stood at the front of the Beast Dynasty. His ferocious aura spread wantonly, causing Bai Tianyu’s heart to sink.
“Level 7 exotic beast…”
“No, it’s even stronger than Level 7, so it’s… Level 8!!”
Bai Tianyu’s judgment was accurate.
The Wolf Bear ancestor was already Level 7 when it reached adulthood. Some subsequent opportunities allowed it to climb another level. A long time ago, this Wolf Bear ancestor already had the strength of Level 8.
As for Level 8 exotic beasts… although they were nothing in the entire Black Mist Zone, they could still occupy a mountain in a godforsaken place like Bear Mountain and lead their clan to dominate the world.
With his stronger eyesight, the Wolf Bear ancestor clearly saw Bai Tianyu’s reaction.
Therefore, it came to a conclusion…
Those Tribulation Transceivers were afraid.
It was stronger than them!
“Howl!”
A furious roar shook the heavens and the earth.
It conveyed a message that made the beast horde exultant.
“Dinner is served!”


CHAPTER-143
Chapter 143: Perfect Level Explosive Fist, Attack!

No matter how intelligent the beasts were, they were just beasts.
Their actions were mostly driven by instinct, and they had a straightforward approach to things.
The instinct of the Wolf Bear ancestor made it aware that the human strength in the ruins of the ancient city was far weaker than itself.
However, it did not know if these humans had any backup plans.
Or rather, it did not want to investigate further. It did not want to think or wait.
Kill, eat, and everything would be over!
“Howl!”
It gave the order for a full charge and led the troops in the forefront, ready to taste some fresh heads.
Unexpectedly, it did not know that Lu Ming, who was far away, heard this howl…
Wei Lan drove quickly in the direction Lu Ming pointed.
However, the journey was difficult and the vehicle’s speed could not be picked up.
As the sound of battle grew clearer with proximity, after about two minutes of driving, Lu Ming suddenly spoke up, “Stop.”
“This is too slow. By the time we reach there, it’ll probably be too late.”
With that said, Lu Ming got out of the vehicle.
He listened to the distant commotion and glanced at the three girls inside the vehicle.
Lu Ming really wanted to rush to the scene as soon as possible.
However, the vehicle was too slow. While he could move quickly on his own, if he went ahead, the three inside the vehicle would be exposed to danger. Leaving aside Lolita, Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan must not be put at risk! In short, he was very conflicted.
Until a flash of inspiration struck Lu Ming….
He came to the front of the vehicle and said, “Fasten your seatbelts.” Without hesitation, he lifted the military vehicle and carried it on his shoulders… ‘That’s right. Who said 1 could only ride in a vehicle?’
The vehicle can also ride me…
Compared to the speed of the vehicle, Lu Ming carrying it was obviously faster.
He ran wildly with great strides!
His speed was more than ten times faster than driving the vehicle.
Until the battle cries became clearer, Lu Ming was still reflecting on his foolishness.
“I should have done this earlier.”
With the weight of the military vehicle and the three girls, it was just a drop in the bucket for Lu Ming’s current physique.
Soon, he carried the vehicle and arrived at a small hill.
Lu Ming put down the military vehicle, ignoring the ladies who were tossed around. He walked to the top of the mountain and looked down.
He saw a small building complex that looked like an ancient city appeared in front of him.
This city had been restored to a decent state by Bai Tianyu and the others, but it had suffered devastating attacks today.
A large number of Six-Legged Wolf Bears had already entered the city and engaged in fierce battles with the Awakened in the city. The situation was chaotic, with the sounds of fighting, crying and shouting intermingled.
But that was not the most eye-catching sight.
The most eye-catching scene was the battle outside the city, where two persons and a beast were fighting!!
They were Bai Tianyu and Duan Mei fighting with the Wolf bear ancestor.
At this moment, Bai Tianyu had already activated “Blood Boiling,” making him look like a boiled giant shrimp, all red.
After the Level 6 Bai Tianyu activated his superpower, he possessed the strength of a Level 7 body—this superpower was very strong, and so was Bai Tianyu.
However, he was no match for the exotic beast he was facing!
In front of Bai Tianyu, a giant Six-legged Wolf Bear nearly 30 meters tall and 50 meters long was moving and jumping like an agile mountain, as if it was playing with a mouse.
Even with the assistance of the Level 6 Duan Mei, Bai Tianyu could barely contend with it and was visibly falling into a disadvantage.
In the next second, the giant paw struck Bai Tianyu’s body, sending him flying!
The faint sound of bones breaking entered Lu Ming’s ears, causing his brow to furrow, but the Wolf Bear Ancestor was ecstatic.
“Howl!”
(Those who undergo tribulation are only so-so!)
After that, it prepared to pursue Bai Tianyu to devour him.
The Wolf Bear Ancestor continued forward.
But it suddenly discovered that not far from where Bai Tianyu landed, a tall and muscular Tribulation Transcender was standing on a small mountain and looking down at him.
That furrowed brow.
That lack of panic and, instead, a face tinged with anger.
That pose of looking down at everything from a higher position, just like how it used to overlook everything in Bear Mountain.
This annoyed the Wolf Bear Ancestor.
It grinned and bared its teeth at Lu Ming,
as if it was saying, “Don’t be anxious. I’ll eat you next.”
Then, it continued charging towards Bai Tianyu.
This was because in its perception, Bai Tianyu was Level 6. The tall man’s level was clearly lower, so Bai Tianyu was the priority target.
The sequence of actions was perfectly logical.
But just as the Wolf Bear Ancestor was about to reach Bai Tianyu, Lu Ming’s figure had already appeared between the two.
“Level 8… It’s Level 8…”
Behind Lu Ming, Bai Tianyu’s heavy voice sounded faintly.
He was seriously injured, with half of his bones shattered by the Wolf Bear Ancestor’s paw, leaving him lying on the ground like a pile of mud.
Lu Ming only raised his eyebrows and nodded gently, “1 understand.”
These simple words made Bai Tianyu completely relieved.
He understood Lu Ming well and knew that if Lu Ming was not its match, he would not show up or would run away immediately.
Now that Lu Ming had appeared here, it meant that the terrifying exotic beast in front of him was nothing to Lu Ming.
Bai Tianyu did not know that “nothing to Lu Ming” was really too exaggerated.
This was because Lu Ming’s strength had not reached Level 9. In theory, Level 8 exotic beasts were about the same strength as Lu Ming.
Facing the Wolf Bear Ancestor, Lu Ming was also under considerable pressure…
Therefore, Lu Ming decided to talk first.
“Can we not fight?”
As soon as he finished speaking, the Wolf Bear Ancestor had already roared and charged over.
Yes, the Wolf Bear Ancestor had a brain.
However, its brain did not support it in mastering a foreign language.
Lu Ming’s Mandarin was completely incomprehensible to it. Therefore, the two sides could not communicate at all.
Seeing the mountain-like Wolf Bear Patriarch charging aggressively, Lu Ming took a deep breath, planted his feet firmly, exerted power from his waist, and clenched his right fist to accumulate strength.
As the Wolf Bear Ancestor’s gigantic paw pressed forward like a wall, Lu Ming shouted and struck with a punchiwent into a frenzied retreat as if it had been struck by lightning. Its right front paw, larger than Landming’s entire body, had completely shattered into a pulp!
“Boom!”
The collision of the fist and paw stirred up layers of air waves.
A tremendous roar emanated from the confrontation, even spreading throughout the entire ancient city ruins.
In the next second, horrifying screams echoed in an instant.
The Wolf Bear Ancestor retreated crazily as if it had been electrocuted. Its right front palm, which was even larger than Lu Ming’s entire body, had already completely shattered into meat paste!
Looking at Lu Ming, who did not seem to have suffered any injuries, the Wolf Bear Ancestor was utterly bewildered.
It did not understand why this extremely low level mutant could possess strength that was not inferior to its own.
Yes, he was not inferior at all.
After the exchange of one move, Lu Ming also realized this fact.
In terms of physical strength, the two were almost on par.
Lu Ming’s three-dimensional attribute had already reached more than 2,000 points, not much inferior to Level 9. Surprisingly, the Level 8 Wolf Bear Ancestor was not much weaker than Lu Ming in terms of physical qualities…
Clearly, this giant was not an ordinary Level 8.
If this was the case, the confrontation between the two almost equally strong fellows would definitely be intense.
However, in the contact just now, Lu Ming discovered another thing.
This big Wolf Bear only had strength but lacked skills.
As a result, it had suffered a huge loss under Lu Ming’s perfect level Explosive Fist just now.
It was like two people with the same physical fitness. One was an ordinary person, while the other was a combat expert.
The difference was enormous…
With this in mind, Lu Ming took a light breath and the worries in his heart instantly dissipated.
This time, he took the initiative, striding forward and charged at the Wolf Bear Ancestor!


CHAPTER-144
Chapter 144: Hidden Glances

Watching as Lu Ming charged towards him, the Wolf Bear Ancestor’s heart was filled with worries.
It was a fact that this person’s level was low, but it was also a fact that he was strong.
Coupled with the fact that his fist would explode when he punched…
The Wolf Bear Ancestor vaguely felt that it seemed to have encountered a tough opponent this time.
However, after the worry, it was furious!
It had ruled over the Bear Mountain for so many years and no creature had ever been able to injure it!
It was much stronger than ordinary level 8 creatures. Even if it encountered some level 9 creatures, it still had the confidence not to be inferior!
It thought that this hunt would thoroughly be a feast and amusement, just like how it had fooled Bai Tianyu just now.
However, it did not expect someone to rashly appear and cripple one of its claws!
How could it tolerate this?
This was unbearable!!
Its beastly nature very quickly overwhelmed its rationality.
It darted out and came before Lu Ming again!
This time, the Wolf Bear Ancestor no longer used its claws to strike.
It switched to its most familiar and most lethal method—biting!
Its massive head, 10 meters in diameter, pressed down fiercely on Lu Ming. Its huge mouth opened wide like an opened forging machine, with layers of sharp fangs resembling barbs.
The Wolf Bear Ancestor firmly believed that as long as it bit down, it would surely make this little fellow suffer a miserable death!
However, the Wolf Bear Ancestor’s actions amused Lu Ming…
I just blew off your claws, and now you’re sticking your head over.
Although the skull of this kind of canine-type exotic beast is very tough, it seems like you don’t take my perfect level Explosive Fist seriously, huh?
Clearly, the Wolf Bear Ancestor did not know what a perfect level Explosive Punch was.
But that was alright because it would find out very soon.
The battle between Lu Ming and the Bear Mountain Ancestor was undoubtedly the focus of the entire battlefield.
However, not everyone was concerned about the outcome of this battle.
This was because all the people from Nanxiang had confidence in Lu Ming when Brother Lu took action, success was practically guaranteed!
In the eyes of Huo Sheng, Duan Mei, Wang Xiong, and the others, the moment Lu Ming arrived, this beast tide was already on its last legs.
However, no one knew that not far from the ruins of the ancient city, another creature had a completely different view of the outcome of this battle.
In the distance, on a huge rock, two black-robed figures stood at the top of the huge rock, looking towards the direction of the ruins of the ancient city.
They had humanoid forms, but were taller than humans—at least two meters tall.
Due to their large black robes, other details were obscured, but one person appeared sturdy and slightly hunched, while the other was slender and had extremely long legs.
A pleasant voice came from the person with the long legs and black robe.
“Grandpa, can they survive this danger?”
The robust figure in the black robe, referred to as grandfather by the long-legged girl, looked solemn, and flickering specks of light could be seen in his eyes.
Soon, he frowned.
“It’s hard to say.”
The girl asked in confusion, “Why is it hard to say? I think that tall and strong man seems very powerful. As long as he defeats the big bear, the other wolf bears shouldn’t pose much of a threat, right?”
Grandpa shook his head and said, “The problem lies here. For this new generation tribulation bearers to survive this danger, it depends on whether that man can defeat the big bear.
“But that big bear is not simple…”
“It has dominated the Bear Mountain for a full 20 Black Mist years. Ordinary Level 8 creatures can’t encroach on such a large territory. I’ve observed that big bear before and discovered that it seemed to have had some fortuitous encounter, making its physical strength far surpass that of ordinary Level 8 creatures and only slightly inferior to Level 9 creatures.”
Perhaps intrigued by Lu Ming’s Explosive Fist just now, the long-legged girl retorted, “But that man isn’t weak either. He just injured one of the big bear’s claws.”
Grandpa said with a heavy tone, “That was the Explosive Fist.
“But you know the power of the Explosive Fist; its power is superficial. Being able to shatter the bear’s claw doesn’t mean he can shatter its head.
“It’s impossible to shatter the hardest skull of the Six-legged Wolf Bear with the Explosive Fist. Moreover, this Explosive Fist doesn’t have the effect of striking a target from afar; its force cannot penetrate the skull and directly disintegrate the bear’s brain tissue.
“In short… I don’t think they can survive this…”
With that said, Grandpa led his granddaughter and jumped down from the huge rock.
Looking at the route they were taking, they seemed to be heading to the ruins of the ancient city.
And their purpose in this trip…
“Should we save them? Grandpa?”
“Yes, I’m prepared to save them and do this new generation of Tribulation Transcenders a favor.”
The girl knew what a Tribulation Transcender was and what the new generation of Tribulation Transcenders represented.
The two of them could not help but speed up and prepare to enter at the right time to perfectly display the demeanor of their savior…
But the next second, the grandfather and granddaughter stopped in unison.
This was because the outcome of the battle between Lu Ming and the Wolf Bear Ancestor had already been decided!
It was just a simple punch.
At least in the eyes of Lu Ming and the Wolf Bear Ancestor, Lu Ming’s punch was really simple.
A simple uppercut…
This punch hit the side of the Wolf Bear Ancestor’s face before it had a chance to attack.
Compared to the big head, Lu Ming’s claypot-sized fist was like a small pebble.
The two collided.
Unexpectedly, there was no significant commotion.
Originally, the Wolf Bear Ancestor was already prepared to have its face shattered. Unexpectedly, Lu Ming’s punch was silent, like a lover’s caress…
“That’s it?”
With this thought in mind, it prepared to give Lu Ming a fatal blow!
However, it suddenly discovered that… its body could not move…
A weak force came from where Lu Ming had struck it just now.
Like a sinister venomous snake, it penetrated the skin, muscles, bones, and finally deep into the brain….
The next second, only Lu Ming and the Wolf Bear Ancestor could hear the sound of a “bang” exploding loudly.
It exploded in the mind of the Wolf Bear Ancestor!!
If someone could see through, he would witness a horrifying scene.
It was as if a bomb had been directly stuffed into the head of the Wolf Bear Ancestor and then detonated!
With the explosion, the Wolf Bear Ancestor’s brain instantly turned into a ball of sticky substance.
Blood vessels burst and its brain shattered. If the Wolf Bear Ancestor’s brain was originally a complete block of tofu, then the second after the explosion, its brain had already become a pile of smashed tofu pudding.
At the Mortal Realm stage, the brain was still the core and absolute vital point of the body.
At this stage of the force penetrating the brain, the Wolf Bear Ancestor’s brain lost the ability to control its body.
The moment its brain was blown apart, the Wolf Bear Ancestor had already died on the spot!
Its mountain-like body instantly collapsed and fell at Lu Ming’s feet.
Pale yellow liquid slowly flowed out of his facial features, making it look a little nauseating.
In short…
It died quite suddenly.
This suddenness made everyone fall silent.
Until the whimpers of the exotic beasts and the cheers of the humans erupted again.
In the distance, the grandfather and granddaughter also felt that it was quite sudden…
After a long silence, the long-legged girl suddenly spoke, “Didn’t you say that the force of the Explosive Fist couldn’t penetrate the skull?”
The grandfather’s lips were slightly parted, unsure how to explain—he had never seen anyone cultivate the Explosive Fist to perfection.
Wasn’t it better to spend that effort on cultivating a more powerful Source Power Skill?
Until the girl asked again, “Grandpa, what should we do now? Are we still going to see them?”
After thinking for a moment, grandfather gently shook his head.
“Let’s not go yet.”
Originally, they had planned to make a good impression—appearing as saviors would surely earn them a lot of goodwill.
Unfortunately, before the protagonists could appear, Lu Ming had already torn down the stage…
If they went now, the effect wouldn’t be good, and they might be seen as having ulterior motives by these humans.
The newcomers from Nanxiang would naturally be cautious.
“Let’s wait for another chance… opportunities will come.”
This was because danger was everywhere in the Black Mist Zone.
These new generation Tribulation Transcenders had no idea what kind of place they had come to.
Nor did they know what kind of identity they possessed!
The black-robed person firmly believed that if he waited a little longer, he would surely find a chance to make a good impression..


CHAPTER-145
Chapter 145: The Old Man Dropped Gold Coins!

It was only when the Bear Mountain Ancestor fell in front of him that Lu Ming realized how terrifying the Perfect Explosive Fist could be!
Perfect level meant perfection in all aspects, the pinnacle of skill!
One force could overcome 10 indeed, but when both sides had equal strength, the Perfect Fist or peak-level technique could also bring absolute dominance.
Lu Ming smacked his lips and felt that he had not used any strength and yet, it already collapsed…
Actually, he was looking forward to an evenly matched battle, but it seemed that the Bear Mountain Ancestor, though impressive-looking, could not withstand even a couple of punches.
“Alright, less fighting means less danger. This is good too.”
After muttering to himself, Lu Ming looked up again and saw that with the demise of the Bear Mountain Ancestor, the Six-legged Wolf Bears had sensed the danger and scattered to escape.
Of course, the Nanxiang people would not let go of these reserve foods…
It was a pursuit and hunt.
It was only as the sky darkened that the chaos gradually subsided.
Lu Ming followed Huo Sheng into the ruins of the ancient city.
As they walked, Huo Sheng said, “This place is no longer called the Ruins of the Ancient City, but the Nanxiang Gathering Place.”
Here would be the home of all the future Nanxiang people.
Then, Huo Sheng brought Lu Ming to a building.
Standing in front of the building, Lu Ming raised his eyebrows and could not help but smile.
This was because this building was exactly the same as his former home.
Seeing Lu Ming’s expression, Huo Sheng smiled and said, “This house is prepared for you. What do you think?”
Lu Ming walked around the house a few times and nodded, “You guys put in some effort.”
To give Lu Ming a sense of belonging here, Huo Sheng had put in a lot of effort to restore Lu Ming’s house—mainly because he was not sure about the layout of Lu Ming’s home, so he had to guess, which took a lot of brainpower.
Huo Sheng made an inviting gesture. Lu Ming thought for a moment, then pushed open the door and walked into the house.
The size of the house was not much different from his former home.
However, there were significant differences in the details.
For example, the position of the bed in the master bedroom was different from that of his original home.
The entrance to the basement was not in the bedroom but in the living room on the first floor.
The layout of the second floor was also different—Lu Ming’s original second floor was completely open, but this place divided the second floor into three different rooms.
In short…
It only looked exactly the same on the outside.
But the joy in his heart was dampened a lot. However, considering that no one had set foot in his home before, their efforts were still commendable.
After staying in the house for a while, his sense of belonging to this house could not be said to be strong. Lu Ming could only sigh helplessly and sigh that he could never go back…
Lu Ming stepped out of the house and saw Huo Sheng still waiting outside. Seeing Lu Ming, Huo Sheng smiled and said, “Are you satisfied with the interior of the house?
“If you’re not completely satisfied, I can make changes.
“Whatever you say, 1’11 change it!”
However, Lu Ming was not the kind of person who was pretentious and obsessive-compulsive.
After some thought, Lu Ming nodded and said, “It’s alright.”
It was alright, but it was not perfect.
However, Lu Ming was not the kind of person who would demand others to be perfect. He would only demand that of himself.
Huo Sheng could also tell that Lu Ming was not completely satisfied, but Lu Ming did not say anything more, so Huo Sheng could not continue.
After a moment of silence, Huo Sheng pointed to the side.
“Over there is your training ground and outdoor canteen.
“You don’t have to worry about food and water in the future. Well contact Chengcheng for such matters.”
At this point, Huo Sheng paused briefly and said, “As for the safety of this place, I’ll have to rely on you.”
This was reasonable and right.
By creating a comfortable environment for Lu Ming here, he did not have to worry about food and accommodation. Lu Ming would also contribute to the safety of the gathering place.
The relationship between the two sides had always been like this.
That was how it should be.
Seeing Lu Ming nod, Huo Sheng’s smile grew even more radiant, and he continued,
“There’s one last thing.
“I wonder if you want to go for a trip now, Mr. Lu?”
Going out?
Lu Ming was about to refuse, but considering that he was new here, it seemed okay to go out and take a look- mainly because this new home did not have the same allure as his old one.
It was like the difference between a cold bed and a warm bed on a winter morning.
He asked, “Where are we going and what are we going to do?”
“We’re going to the lair of the Six-Legged Wolf Bears… to see if there’s anything good there.”
Lu Ming frowned, “What’s there to see?”
Lu Ming did not really want to go… until Huo Sheng said, “Do you still remember the mastermind theory I proposed?”
Seeing Lu Ming nod, Huo Sheng continued, “Now, I feel that everything that happened is like a game to us. Now that we’ve defeated a big boss, we should have some spoils of war, right?”
“Since that big wolf bear did not drop anything, where do you think the mastermind will hide the spoils of war?”
This piqued Lu Ming’s interest.
“Then let’s make a trip.”
Following the footprints of the Wolf Bear Ancestor, Lu Ming, Huo Sheng, Bai Tianyu, Zhang Chengcheng, and Duan Mei arrived at Bear Mountain.
The place here had a broad width, and there were also water sources and fruit trees nearby. This made Huo Sheng mutter, “We should set up a new gathering place here.”
There were about 100,000 survivors from Nanxiang. The ancient city ruins could barely accommodate these people, but it was very crowded.
If they wanted to develop, the Nanxiang people would eventually have to expand outward.
After Huo Sheng finished mumbling, the group no longer paid attention to anything else and climbed all the way to halfway up Bear Mountain.
With the physique of the Bear Mountain Ancestor, its nest must be very easy to find—and it was indeed the case.
The entrance of the huge cave that was dozens of meters tall was extremely eye-catching.
Bai Tianyu casually crushed a few Six-legged Wolf Bears that were wandering nearby and took the lead to walk into the cave.
A fishy smell greeted them.
The cave was quite spacious but also dirty and messy.
There were bones of unknown creatures and wolf bear feces everywhere.
In the center of the cave was a nest made of twigs and dried leaves. Other than that, there was nothing else.
It could only be said that wild beasts were just wild beasts and they did not care about personal hygiene at all…
Enduring the stench, the group began a meticulous search.
They rummaged through everything like bandits.
However, this time, Huo Sheng’s mastermind theory seemed to have no effect
– there was nothing of value here except for garbage and feces.
Until Zhang Chengcheng’s exclamation attracted everyone’s attention.
They saw
Zhang Chengcheng standing on the nest, holding a smooth round stone ball in her hand.
At this moment, the stone ball was emitting light, and the light condensed above Zhang Chengcheng’s head, as if it was transmitting some information.
Zhang Chengcheng’s expression was somewhat dazed, making Lu Ming’s heart tighten.
Just as Lu Ming took two steps forward, wanting to take the stone ball from her, Zhang Chengcheng suddenly snapped back to her senses.
Her face suddenly showed an expression of joy.
“The Old Wolf Bear dropped gold coins! Brother Lu, this is a Source Power Skill!”
So, Lu Ming very quickly took the stone ball into his hands..


CHAPTER-146
Chapter 146: Source Power Skill: Knight’s Body Forging Technique, and the Synergy with the Reappearing Skill!

The stone ball in his hand felt cool and pleasant to the touch.
Other than that, there was nothing special about it – its appearance was dull, like a polished round stone.
“How do I use this thing?”
Just as Lu Ming asked this question, he suddenly felt a slight attraction force coming from the stone ball.
This attraction force was absorbing the mystery factors inside Lu Ming’s body!
After drawing out the mystery factors of three powerful Explosive Fists, a pure white light rose from the stone ball and enveloped Lu Ming’s head.
As a result, Lu Ming’s vision underwent a tremendous change in an instant!
He felt his consciousness drifting and soon arrived at a pure white space.
After Lu Ming stabilized himself, a voice sounded in his ear.
Source Power Skill: Knight’s Body Forging Technique.
Teachable remaining times: Two times!
Demo, Begin now!
Before Lu Ming could digest the information, he saw a Light Figure exactly like him appearing out of thin air in the colorful light, standing in front of him.
Soon, the Light Figure began to move.
Raising arms and legs.
Somewhat like the one-legged stance in martial arts.
Then, the Light Figure stopped moving…
After a brief thought, Lu Ming imitated the movements of the Light Figure.
After that, the Light Figure made its next move.
This completely clarified the method of how this light ball taught the Source Power Skill: Knight’s Body Forging Technique – following it step by step.
This set of movements was very long.
It took about half an hour for the movements to be completely finished, and Lu Ming completed them as well.
Afterward, the Light Figure reenacted the Knight’s Body Forging Technique.
To be honest, this unknown Source Power Skill was not easy.
The movements within half an hour were quite numerous, and many of them were quite awkward, requiring the mastery of the relevant breathing rhythms.
But perhaps due to the system’s influence, after only practicing it once, Lu Ming felt that he had already mastered all the key points of the Knight’s Body Forging Technique.
Opening the attribute panel, Lu Ming’s attributes appeared in his retina.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Mortal Realm, Level 1
Age: 25 years old
Strength: 2385.7
Physique: 2396.6
Agility: 1962.7
Free Attribute Points: 1096
Superpower: Awakening in progress…
Skills: (Omitted).
Basic Stance: (omitted).
Source Power Skill:
Basic Breathing Technique (mastery) (53/1,000).
Explosive Fist (Perfect) (7w/ioow).
Knight’s Body Forging Technique (Entry) (1/100): A secret technique created by a certain knight to temper the body with mystery factors. This secret technique is simple, easy to learn, and can be used by humans and beasts! If one practices diligently, they can slowly increase their basic physical fitness!
You have mastered the initial stage of the Knight’s Body Forging Technique. In the beginner stage of the Knight’s Body Forging Technique, every cycle can increase your all three attributes by 1 point and 1 free attribute point!
Lu Ming’s eyes suddenly lit up!
This Source Power Skill was not like the Explosive Fist, which could only increase one’s attributes after leveling up. Instead, it was a continuous exercise that gradually added attributes.
To be honest, Source Power Skill like the Explosive Fist increased attributes rapidly, but as the level of Explosive Fist increased, the feedback would gradually weaken – just like the current Explosive Fist. It took Lu Ming several months of practice to raise the proficiency to the next level, during which there was no attribute feedback.
However, the Knight’s Body Forging Technique was different—it worked like this: exercise once and gain one attribute point! Once per half an hour.
How many attributes does it give?
Not many.
However, what surprised Lu Ming even more was yet to come!
Note: Detection shows that you have Tiger-Step Stance Lv20 (0/2000) and Resistance Stance Lv20 (0/2000). These two basic skills cannot increase the attribute acquisition and cultivation speed of the Knight’s Body Forging Technique. However, when you practice the Knight’s Body Forging Technique, the proficiency of these two basic skills will receive a large increase!
To put it bluntly, Lu Ming’s Knight Body Forging Technique could quickly upgrade Stance Mastery.
The Knight’s Body Forging Technique was linked to Stance Mastery, but the linkage was not very deep.
Other than that, there was another piece of information.
Note: Detected that you possess the basic skills: Fitness and the Source Power Skill: Basic Breathing Technique.
Your basic skill: Fitness, has been changed to basic skill: Cultivation.
The number of basic attribute points you can obtain daily through exercise has changed to: 10 points! (Originally, 0.5)
Cultivation LV31 (200/3,100): The daily limit of attribute points you can obtain increases by 31 points.
The attributes points that Lu Ming could obtain through exercise in a day had changed from 3.6 to 41!
This was the most significant change!
Perhaps the stone ball sensed that Lu Ming had already mastered the Knight’s Body Forging Technique.
That dazed feeling surfaced in Lu Ming’s mind once again.
Soon, Lu Ming woke up again.
The first thing he saw was Huo Sheng and the others.
“How long was I lost in thought?”
As soon as Lu Ming asked this, Huo Sheng said, “A little over two seconds.”
This made Lu Ming look at the stone ball in his hand, marveling at its power.
This thing was very impressive…
With this thought in mind, Lu Ming handed the stone ball to Huo Sheng.
“The Source Power Skill taught in the stone ball is called the Knight’s Body Forging Technique, and its effect is to gradually increase the basic physical fitness of the cultivator.”
Bai Tianyu and Duan Mei’s eyes lit up.
As everyone knew, the physical strength of an Awakened person doubled as he advanced.
However, other than Lu Ming, no one had seen other superpowers or anything else that could increase one’s basic attributes.
The appearance of this Knight’s Body Forging Technique fundamentally changed the way Awakened individuals obtained strength – to be honest, Bai Tianyu had long coveted Lu Ming’s ability to become stronger through exercise…
Who wouldn’t want to be as awesome as Brother Lu?
Perhaps sensing Bai Tianyu and Duan Mei’s expectant expressions, Lu Ming pondered for a moment and added, “Don’t get too excited. To be honest, the increase in physical qualities from this thing isn’t significant.”
For Lu Ming, one point in all attributes every half an hour, and 20 points in 10 hours.
It might seem like a lot, but one must remember that this was Lu Ming’s speed.
Regarding the Knight’s Body Forging Technique’s awkward postures, even if a normal person could complete a cycle properly, they would be exhausted. Practicing three or four times a day would be considered diligent and indomitable will.
However, Lu Ming was a top-level performer.
Bai Tianyu and Duan Mei exchanged glances and responded dryly, “A little progress every day adds up to a lot.
“Also, this thing can only be used twice.”
Unlike the Basic Breathing Technique, this stone ball has restrictions on teaching—it was not clear how many times it can be used, but Zhang Chengcheng used it once, Lu Ming used it once, and the Bear Mountain Ancestor must have practiced the Knight’s Body Forging Technique, so there are only two teaching opportunities left.
Huo Sheng said, “Can’t you or Chengcheng teach others?”
Lu Ming shook his head to indicate that he did not know, but there was a high chance that it would not work. While the movements can be taught, they have to consider individual differences. Besides, he couldn’t fully describe the varied breathing rhythms.
“Anyway, the two of you can use it first.”
Huo Sheng handed the stone ball to Bai Tianyu and Duan Mei. The two of them were the highest combat strength in Nanxiang gathering place, other than Lu Ming..


CHAPTER-147
Chapter 147: Black Feather Race

The old wolf bear had indeed dropped gold coins.
It was even a big deal.
Lu Ming did not know what the others thought of the Knight Body’s Forging Technique, but he was quite satisfied with this Source Power Skill.
With the joy of returning with a full load, everyone returned to the Nanxiang colony. At dinner time, Huo Sheng came looking for them again with a solemn expression.
“There’s trouble.”
Lu Ming raised his eyebrows as Huo Sheng continued, “It’s been a long time since Lolita’s mother sent her a message. Moreover, the telepathic connection between them has been unilaterally cut off from Lolita’s mother’s side. I suspect there might be a problem in New York.”
But Lu Ming did not take it seriously.
He said frankly, “Aren’t you thinking too far ahead?”
Huo Sheng replied, “It’s not mainly about worrying for the safety of the people in New York. We’re too far apart, and we can’t help them from a distance. Their safety is in their own hands… What I’m worried about is that they might bring danger to us.”
There are two sides to everything.
The connection between Lolita’s mother and Lolita brought intelligence advantages to Nanxiang, but could also bring greater risks to Nanxiang.
This was a tricky situation to handle.
However, this was only Huo Sheng’s concern.
For Lu Ming, he was looking forward to the evening training.
This evening, he was planning to practice the Knight’s Body Forging Technique.
Huo Sheng was lost in his thoughts.
Maggie was also troubled.
She really wanted to contact her daughter and inform the Nanxiang gathering place about the situation here.
Unfortunately, as a Level 6 Awakened person with non-combat superpowers, she was too weak in the face of these fallen angels.
If she emitted any energy fluctuations, she would be severely warned.
In the evening, a group landed from the sky and began to prepare for today’s dinner.
The night in the Black Mist Zone was not pitch-dark, but the gray sky above had become even darker.
Dozens of Fallen Angels surrounded Maggie and Anderson, vigilant against any suspicious actions.
But it was mainly Maggie they were wary of; Anderson had no qualms about betraying the Nanxiang gathering place—it’s every man for himself.
Or perhaps, he enjoyed being a follower.
“How much further?”
asked a tall fallen angel at the front. After a moment’s pause, Maggie sighed and replied, “Today, we’ve covered about one-tenth of the distance.”
Fallen angels could fly, and they were quite fast.
From noon today, the group had flown for about eight hours, but they had only covered one-tenth of the distance from the drop point in New York to the Nanxiang gathering place. The vastness of the distance between them was evident.
The road ahead was long.
And the dangers along the way were numerous, even for this group of formidable fallen angels, there was always a risk of dying.
But that did not matter.
Compared to the significance and value of those who had undergone tribulation, the dangers were just necessary trials.
The three leading Fallen Angels began to discuss.
They spoke a language that directly reached the heart—thus, Maggie and Anderson understood what they were talking about.
“We’ll avoid the Dragon Spirit’s territory and take a detour.”
“On the right is the Lizard Territory. We can ask them for a favor and borrow a route. They won’t refuse us, the Black Feather Tribe.”
This made Maggie realize that these fallen angels were called the Black Feather Tribe.
“But even so, our speed is still too slow. If we keep going around like this, it will take us more than 20 days.”
“There’s no other way; we can only do this.”
After some casual chatting, the Black Feather Tribe fell silent.
They lit a bonfire and added some special material to release a scent that could drive away exotic beasts and mosquitoes.
In the glow of the fire, Maggie looked even more solemn, while Anderson seemed carefree.
The first day after entering the Black Mist Zone.
It was nighttime.
After a busy day, it was time for Lu Ming’s favorite way to end the day.
Exercise!
Standing in the open space outside the house, Lu Ming reviewed the key points of the Knight’s Body Forging Technique in his mind while surveying the surroundings.
The area was surrounded by a low wall, enclosing Lu Ming’s new home and creating a sizable courtyard.
The open space in the courtyard was Lu Ming’s daily exercise area.
This setup ensured that Luming wouldn’t be surrounded by onlookers while exercising, which suited him just fine.
He activated the starting stance of the Knight’s Body Forging Technique.
And he synchronized his specific breathing rhythm accordingly.
Lu Ming could sense the mystery factors in his body slowly integrating into his cells at a steady speed.
This was a deeper fusion.
At the same time, he opened his attribute panel.
The focus of his attention was on the Tiger Steps Stance Lv20 (0/2000), the
Resistance Stance Lv20 (0/2000), and the Knight’s Forging Technique (Beginner) (1/100).
As the Knight Body’s Forging Technique progressed, the proficiency of the Resistance Stance and the Tiger Steps Stance began to rise rapidly. Basically, each movement could increase the proficiency by 3 points!
On the other hand, the proficiency of the Knight’s Body Forging Technique did not fluctuate—it probably needed to complete a cycle before gaining proficiency.
Soon, half an hour had passed.
In the end, when Lu Ming stopped, the proficiency levels of the three skills were as follows:
Tiger Steps Stance Lv2i (385/2,100).
Resistance Stance Lv2i (385/2,100).
Knight’s Body Forging Technique (Beginner) (2/100).
His three-dimensional attributes increased by 1 point, and his free attribute points increased by 43 points!
A satisfying speed for Lu Ming.
At this moment, the sky was slightly dark.
The gray sky bore a touch of darkness.
Lu Ming, however, felt refreshed and not tired at all.
“Then let’s continue!”
It was unknown what time it was that night.
Lu Ming returned home and lay in bed, once again opening the attribute panel.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Mortal Realm, Level 1
Strength: 2390.7
Physique: 2401.6
Agility: 1967.7
Free Attribute Points: 1284
Superpower: Awakening in progress…
Skills: Omitted.
Stance Techniques:
Tiger Steps Stance Lv24 (785/2400).
Resistance Stance Lv24 (785/2400).
Source Power Skill:
Basic Breathing Technique (mastery) (55/1,000).
Explosive Fist (Perfect) (7w/ioow).
Knight’s Body Forging Technique (Beginner) (5/100).
It could be seen that using the Knight’s Body Forging Technique to increase his attributes was relatively slow. Moreover, the attribute points he obtained were mainly concentrated in the free attribute points—which were a result of leveling up the two Stance Techniques.
But steady progress was good, and who knew what changes might occur when the Knight’s Body Forging Technique reached higher levels?
“So let’s plan this way.
“During this period of time, 1’11 focus on the Knight Body’s Forging Technique. First, max out the two sets of Stance Techniques, and wait for the Knight Body Forging Technique to level up before making adjustments.”
Lu Ming decided to temporarily put aside the practice of Explosive Fist and concentrate on the Knight’s Body Forging Technique.
With the future exercise plan in mind, Lu Ming closed his eyes and quickly fell asleep.
The second day after entering the Black Mist Zone.
The sky was dim, and the time was unknown.
However, following his biological clock, Lu Ming woke up on time.
After washing up in the courtyard, Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan had already prepared breakfast. After eating breakfast and resting for a while, Lu Ming immediately began his daily exercise routine.
About an hour later, the exercise ended and his three-dimensional attributes increased by 41 points!
Looking at the explosive increase in attributes, Lu Ming had a certain premonition.
That his days in the Black Mist Zone seemed to be… not too difficult…


CHAPTER-148
Chapter 148: Velo and Fala: Let’s Observe Secretly

Velo was 175 years old this year.
According to the concept of the Spirit Tribe, at this age, he was already halfway into the grave and not far from death.
Fortunately, Velo’s strength at the third level of the Body Physique Realm extended his lifespan and allowed him to maintain his peak combat strength.
Even so, Velo felt that each day was worse than the previous one.
The gray light of dawn spilled in.
Velo opened his eyes.
However, he was not as refreshed as in the morning. Instead, he felt dizzy.
He tapped his head and got up, looking around but could not find his granddaughter, Fala.
Only when he twitched his nose and caught a faint fragrance did Vilo smile slightly and walk out of the cave where he temporarily lived.
Outside the cave, he saw Fala roasting meat over a fire.
At this moment, the meat had turned golden brown. After sprinkling some special spices on it, the simple roasted meat turned into a delicacy.
“Thank you for your hard work, Fala.”
As he approached to take a piece of roasted meat, Fala quickly slapped his hand.
“Wash your hands first before eating!”
Velo smiled wryly and shook his head, “Alright, alright, alright. I’ll listen to your instructions.”
It was a simple yet delicious meal.
After the meal, Fala found a place to cultivate, while Velo extended his hand.
As the Source Power surged, soon, a twisted air mass quickly rose from Velo’s hand.
The air mass gradually floated into the sky. Under Velo’s guidance, it quickly arrived in the sky above the gathering place at Nanxiang.
Velo waved his hand again.
A translucent light membrane appeared in front of him.
What was reflected in the light membrane was everything that had happened in the Nanxiang gathering place.
“Do you see that strong man?”
Fala’s pleasant voice sounded in his ears, causing Velo to frown, “You’re slacking off again!”
Fala pouted aggrievedly, “I’m just curious…”
No, she was indeed slacking off.
However, looking at his granddaughter’s pitiful expression, Velo could not bear to reprimand her.
He could only nod his head helplessly.
“Alright, let’s take a look together.”
As he spoke, he controlled the air mass and locked his gaze on the sky above Lu Ming’s house.
It was morning. After Lu Ming finished his meal, he was doing his regular training with the help of Chengcheng and Wei Lan.
Velo took a few glances and could not help but nod, “The thing about cultivation is persistence. As the saying goes, one can’t travel a thousand miles without accumulating experience. Although I don’t understand which Source Power Skill he’s cultivating, this hard work is worth affirming.”
He seemed to be commenting on Lu Ming, but he was actually criticizing Fala.
Fala also understood what Velo meant, but she just pursed her lips and ignored him.
Velo could only shake his head helplessly.
After completing the morning routine exercise, Lu Ming took a short rest and then started practicing the Knight’s Body Forging Technique.
Every move and every breath was precise.
This scene was also seen by Velo and Fala—it seemed that other than observing these new tribulation transcenders, they had nothing else to do.
When he saw Lu Ming practicing the Knight’s Body Forging Technique, Velo became interested.
He could not help but comment,
“This is the Knight Body Forging Technique.
“A relatively good body forging Source Power Skill.”
Fala, who was on the side, asked curiously, “How is it compared to our Star Spirit Body Forging Technique?”
Velo thought briefly and gave an answer, “They are about on par.
“It’s relatively difficult to cultivate our Star Spirit Body Forging Technique, but the effect is better. On the other hand, this Knight’s Body Forging Technique is easier to learn but has slightly weaker effects.
“As far as I know, the reason that big wolf bear can rival a Level 9 being with its Level 8 body might be due to the practice of the Knight’s Body Forging Technique.
“This also means that this man has just obtained this body forging technique yesterday.”
He then observed Lu Ming’s movements again.
Velo was surprised to discover that Lu Ming’s movements and rhythm when cultivating the Knight Body Forging Technique were very skillful and rhythmic. It did not seem like he had just learned the technique; it seemed more like he had immersed himself in it for a year or two.
This made Velo exclaim, “This person’s comprehension seems to be very strong…”
Fala’s thoughts were different from Velo’s.
Seeing Lu Ming cultivating seriously, Fara felt bored and could not help but yawn.
“These new generation Tribulation Transcenders are quite lucky. Having a body forging technique means that they have blasted open the door from the Mortal Realm to the Body Realm.
“Being able to obtain a body-forging technique right after entering the Black Mist Zone, it seems the legend is indeed true.”
Legend had it that every generation of Tribulation Transcenders would be blessed by the Supreme God Spirit when they first entered the Black Mist Zone.
On the side, Velo could not help but nod and pay more attention to Lu Ming.
After one complete cycle, Velo nodded, “Good comprehension, and excellent perseverance.”
He had just mastered the Body Forging Technique the day before and could execute a complete cycle today.
This was not only a manifestation of comprehension, but also a demonstration of Lu Ming’s perseverance. A normal person practicing a full cycle of the Body Forging Technique would undoubtedly be exhausted.
However, Lu Ming was not tired. In Velo’s opinion, Lu Ming must have suppressed any signs of fatigue with his extraordinary perseverance.
However, soon, Velo overturned his guess.
This was because he saw Lu Ming once again performing the starting stance of the Knight’s Body Forging Technique.
This brought a smile to Velo’s face.
“Persistence is the most precious quality on the path of cultivation. I have high hopes for this kid’s future achievements.”
He pointed at Lu Ming on the light screen and said, but he did not receive a response from Fala.
He turned to look at Fala and realized that she had already fallen asleep.
Indeed…
Lu Ming’s training was boring enough… judging by how bored Fala was, it was easy to imagine.
In the morning, Lu Ming practiced the Knight Body Forging Technique four times.
He had lunch and took an afternoon nap.
He woke up in the afternoon and continued to practice the Knight Body Forging Technique.
In the afternoon, he practiced the Knight’s Body Forging Technique a total of eight times. Then after dinner, he continued training.
In the evening, he did another eight rounds before eating and going to sleep.
For Lu Ming, this was truly an eventful day.
But for others, Lu Ming’s daily life was simply incomprehensible!
After watching Lu Ming’s activities all day, Velo and Fala fell into deep self-doubt that night.
Velo muttered to himself, “Isn’t he tired? The Body Forging Technique consumes a lot of physical energy…”
He could not imagine how someone could practice the Body Forging Technique 20 times in a day.
With Velo’s experience, he had never heard or seen anything like this.
Fala was equally at a loss.
As a free-spirited person, she could not even imagine that there could be someone so dedicated in the world…
After some thought, Fala offered a reasonable explanation.
“These tribulation transcenders have just arrived at the Black Mist Zone and saw the Body Forging Technique for the first time. They are eager to pursue strength, so it’s understandable that they began to cultivate the technique crazily.
“I think he won’t be so motivated tomorrow.”
She seemed to be talking to herself, but she was actually talking to Velo.
Velo nodded gently.
He also agreed with his granddaughter’s logic.
Third Day in the Black Mist Zone.
For regular exercises, he would add another 20 times to the Knight’s Body Forging Technique.
Lu Ming’s schedule was packed and fulfilling, making him happy throughout the day.
That day, the Knight’s Body Forging Technique proficiency increased by another 20 points, reaching the beginner level (45/100).
The Tiger Steps Stance and the Horse Resistance Stance both reached Level 35.
However, Lu Ming was unaware that Velo and Fala in the distance were already overwhelmed from observing.
When they saw Lu Ming walk into his house, Velo and Fala could not help but exchange glances.
Fala could not help but comment, “Doesn’t he ever do anything else?”
Vero opened his mouth, but he did not know what to say.
In the end, all he could say was, “Let’s watch a bit more, let’s see a bit more…
“Not to mention you, I also don’t believe that there could be someone so dedicated in the world..”


CHAPTER-149
Chapter 149: Arrival

The fourth day in the Black Mist Zone.
Evening.
Knight Body Forging Technique (Beginner) (65/100).
Tiger Steps Stance lv42, Resistance Stance lv42.
Velo and Fala felt more exhausted.
The fifth day in the Black Mist Zone.
Evening.
Knight Body Forging Technique (Beginner) (85/100).
Tiger Steps Stance lv45, Resistance Stance lv45.
Velo and Fala couldn’t believe their eyes!
They had never seen anyone progress so fast in their cultivation!
The sixth day in the Black Mist Zone!
Evening.
Knight Body Forging Technique reached (Beginner) (100/100).
With the final practice of the Knight Body Forging Technique by Lu Ming, the technique smoothly leveled up!
Knight Body Forging Technique (Mastery) (0/1000): A secret method created by a knight to temper the body using mysterious factors. This technique is simple and easy to learn, suitable for both humans and beasts! Diligent practice can gradually improve the basic physical qualities!
You have mastered the Knight Body Forging Technique. At the mastery level, each cycle will increase your three-dimensional attributes by 2 points and grant you 2 points of free attribute points!
As expected, with the advancement of the Knight Body Forging Technique, Lu Ming’s attributes also improved.
Originally, he gained 1 point of three-dimensional attributes and 1 point of free attributes every half hour.
Now, with the practice of the Knight Body Forging Technique, he still spent the same amount of time but doubled the gains.
No need to say more, continue practicing!
Lu Ming rested at home only after mastering the Knight Body Forging Technique (5/1000).
At this moment, Velo and Fala were no longer paying attention to Lu Ming.
The clouds in the sky had already moved to other places, and Velo and Fala watched the daily lives of other people from the screen with great joy.
As for Lu Ming?
Don’t even mention Lu Ming to them.
Otherwise, it would easily break their hearts.
Time passed slowly but steadily.
For Lu Ming, life in the Black Mist Zone was relatively calm.
Because they had defeated the nearby boss, the Wolf Bear Ancestor, on the first day after entering the Black Mist Zone, the people of Nanxiang were now firmly established in this place.
The danger was limited to sporadic attacks from strange beasts.
Lu Ming didn’t need to intervene; Bai Tianyu and Duan Mei could handle them during the day.
Lu Ming stayed at home and could also observe the changes in the Nanxiang gathering place.
Under Huo Sheng’s leadership, the people of Nanxiang expanded their territory and established a new gathering place on Bear Mountain.
People picked wild fruits, and awakened individuals hunted strange beasts. Although they hadn’t found any edible crops to grow, they didn’t need to worry about food in the short term.
This short period of time was limited to a month.
According to Huo Sheng’s estimate, after one month, there might be a food crisis in the gathering place. But Lu Ming didn’t care about that.
He naturally ate well, drank well, slept well, exercised well, and was in good health.
Soon, 14 days passed in a flash.
On the 20th day of the black fog area.
After finishing the night’s exercise, Lu Ming returned home refreshed.
His physical fatigue could not suppress the comfort in his mind!
This was because only the system knew how much Lu Ming had gained in the past 10 days!
He opened his attribute panel and luxurious attributes entered his vision.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Mortal Realm, Level 1
Age: 26 years old.
Strength: 3,853.7
Vitality: 3,863.6
Agility: 3,443-7
Free attribute points: 11,449
Superpower: Awakening in progress…
Yes, Lu Ming’s free attribute points had already reached 11,449 points!
This was the attribute benefit brought about by the Ivioo of the Tiger Steps Stance (max level) and the Ivioo of the Horse Repelling Stance (max level)!
As for the Knight Body Tempering Art, he had also reached the level of mastery (285/1,000)!
“According to my current attributes, even if I don’t include free attribute points, my physical strength far exceeds that of ordinary level nine creatures. With such attributes, I should have the ability to protect myself in the black fog area, right?”
Lu Ming was not sure if he had the ability to protect himself.
He only knew that his current strength was really quite terrifying.
Fortunately, Chengcheng and Wei Lan had both advanced to level six Awakened two days ago. Only then could they guarantee Lu Ming’s exercise intensity during his regular training every day.
The situation was not good, nor was it moderately good. It was great!
With this thought in mind, Lu Ming fell sound asleep.
However, he did not know that in the distance, the uninvited guests were getting closer and closer to the Nanxiang gathering place.
Velo, who was sleeping soundly, was suddenly woken up.
He immediately walked out of the cave and looked up at the sky above his head.
In the dark sky, dozens of winged birdmen were flying over from afar, heading in the direction of Nanxiang colony.
Without needing to size them up carefully, Velo had already recognized the identities of these bird people.
“Black Feather Race.”
As he muttered these words, footsteps sounded behind him again.
It was Fala, who had also heard the voice of the Black Feather Race.
“They’re…”
Fala, who was still half-asleep, asked in a daze. Then, she heard Velo say in a low voice, “They’re here for the tribulation bearers.”
The group of Black Feather Race people in the sky also saw Velo and Fala.
They turned slightly and finally stopped above Velo and Fala. The three Black Feather clansmen in the lead stepped forward slightly and sized Velo up carefully.
A moment later, the Black Feather Race member flying at the front nodded in realization.
“Spiritual Race people?”
Velo said in a low voice, “Velo.”
The three Black Feather clansmen introduced themselves one by one. “Amang.”
“Apuran.”
“Anel.”
Amang pointed at the Nanxiang gathering place in the distance and said, “They’re our targets. Are you going to stop us?”
Vero’s expression darkened for a moment, but in the end, he only shook his head. “Up to you.”
The Black Feather Race members in the sky suddenly laughed.
As Amang smiled, he let out an ear-piercing cry. “I don’t think you stray dogs who are about to be exterminated dare!”
Veto’s gaze turned cold as he pulled his hood to hide the cold light in his eyes.
He did not say anything, and the Black Feather Race member did not say anything else.
These winged bird people flapped and flew away again, their faint voices drifting out. “This Spirit Race once had a powerful background. Unfortunately, their god died in the last great calamity. 1 heard that their current clansmen number less than a thousand. Tsk tsk tsk…”
A mocking gaze vaguely glanced over from the sky, but Velo only stood on the spot without saying a word.
It was not until the Black Feather Race had flown far away that Fara, who was beside Velo, sighed deeply.
She looked at her grandfather worriedly and saw her grandfather slowly take off his black robe, revealing his strong body under the black robe.
“Grandpa… It’s very unwise to go against them…”
The Black Feather Race was not a large race, but compared to the Spirit Race that was on the verge of extinction, it was undoubtedly a colossus.
However, Velo shook his head gently and said, “I’ve made up my mind.”
Then, he walked quietly in the direction of Nanxiang City.
Fala followed behind Velo and heard him speak.
“That Amang is at the second level of the Physique Realm. Apuran and Anel are at the first level of the Physique Realm. Let’s observe the situation quietly for now, and once they start taking action, I’ll intervene.”
With his third-level physique, Velo believed that handling one second-level and two first-level physique opponents was not a problem.
There was even a faint trace of luck in his heart.
Fortunately, the Black Feather Race did not send too many experts.
Fortunately, the opportunity he had painstakingly waited for to gain a favorable impression had finally arrived..


CHAPTER-150
Chapter 150: The Sorrow of the Weak

A few minutes later, the members of the Black Feather tribe, together with Maggie and Anderson arrived in the sky above Nanxiang gathering place.
It was midnight, and most of the people in the gathering place were asleep, but there were still sentries who spotted the Black Feather tribe.
The sound of bells rang violently throughout the gathering place, waking up Lu Ming who was sound asleep.
Rubbing his eyes, Lu Ming got out of bed and went to open the window. He immediately saw the birdmen looking down from above condescendingly.
Frowning, Lu Ming decided to go outside.
Led by Amang, the Black Feather tribe did not immediately start a massacre.
They simply floated in the sky above the Nanxiang gathering place, observing everything below.
A faint glimmer appeared in Amang’s eyes as he nodded slightly. “There are many people, over 100,000.”
This number was much higher than the population of the New York gathering place.
Apulan smiled and said, “With 100,000 Tribulation Transcenders, we should be able to extract a lot of Blood Essence.”
Arnold said, “It’s not that much. 1 heard from the Great Elder that the quantity of Blood Essence depends on the strength of the Tribulation Transcenders, and the number of them. But there should still be a few dozen.”
“And with a few dozen Blood Essences, we get a few dozen spots for ascending to the Heavenly Realm. If one of them really succeeds, then…”
Arnold’s eyes lit up at the mention of this.
The others also smiled, as if they were thinking of something great.
Until an untimely voice reached their ears.
“Lolita!”
Following Maggie’s gaze, the Black Feather tribe members saw a little girl around ten years old holding the hand of another woman, standing in front of an empty small building.
Lolita seemed to have just woken up, rubbing her eyes in a daze.
But could it be due to the bloodline connection, Lolita could vaguely recognize her mother even from a distance!
“Mommy! Mommy!”
The girl kept waving to them, causing the corners of Maggie’s eyes to gradually moisten until Maggie suddenly turned her head and looked at Amang.
“Sir, that’s my daughter. In return for my cooperation during this time, I hope you can…”
At this point, Maggie had only one request.
To protect her daughter.
Upon hearing this, Amang smiled.
“Alright!”
With that, the Black Feather Tribe member who was dragging Maggie reached out and touched her face.
There was a crisp crack.
Maggie’s head did a 180-degree turn.
She was dead.
Anderson could not imagine that Maggie would end up like this!
The moment Maggie’s neck was twisted, Anderson felt a chill surging to the top of his head.
He opened his mouth and looked at Maggie, then at the Black Feather tribesman flying in the sky with him.
A faint friction extended from his back all the way to Anderson’s neck.
Maggie was dead…
He could not escape either!
“Sir! Wait, sir! We had an agreement! I’ll tell you the location of the Nanxiang people, and you’ll protect us!”
He shouted at Ah Mang, only begging for a slim chance of survival.
Hearing this, Amang smiled and raised his hand to stop his subordinates’ actions.
“Let me tell you a simple truth.”
“Weaklings have no right to negotiate with the strong! This is the law within the Black Mist Zone, and it’s also the first lesson I give to you new generation Tribulation Transcenders!”
As Amang spoke, Arnold took out a transparent crystal.
He placed the crystal above Maggie’s corpse and a faint red mist floated out of Maggie’s corpse, falling into the crystal, giving it a tinge of crimson.
Maggie’s corpse was casually discarded, falling onto the Nanxiang gathering place with a bang.
There was a commotion within the Nanxiang gathering place, vaguely mixed with the sound of Lolita’s wailing.
Arnold did not even spare a glance and only looked at the crystal.
After observing the red color in the crystal for a moment, Arnold nodded, “It’s about 0.1% charged.”
“So, a thousand Level 6 Worldly realm Tribulation Transcenders are needed to collect a piece of Blood Essence.
“I think we can kill some of the strong and those with no potential, and take some with potential to nurture them properly, just like breeding.”
Apulan nodded slightly, agreeing with Arnold’s suggestion, and Amang continued to smile at Anderson.
“The second lesson is that you, Tribulation Transcenders, are of great significance.”
“You guys are like walking tonics, but unfortunately, you don’t have the ability to protect yourselves.”
“Combined with what I said earlier, do you understand your situation now?”
To put it bluntly, he knew he would have to protect them; he must do it.
After all, he really had to take good care of a large group of tonics.
However, it was not for the weak to decide how to protect and how many of them to protect. Only the strong could decide!
Anderson opened his mouth, but he did not know how to respond.
Until suddenly a powerful force surged from his neck.
His head slumped to one side.
He decided to end it all.
Arnold went through the process again and then casually threw Anderson’s corpse down.
This time, Arnold summed up Anderson’s life.
“The journey back is too far, and we can’t bring too many people. Trash like you should turn into Blood Essence as soon as possible and make room for others with more value.”
The cruelty of the Black Feather Tribe was witnessed by all the people in Nanxiang.
The corpses of Maggie and Anderson fell from the sky one after another, causing a huge commotion.
But soon, soon, the chaos subsided.
This was because Huo Sheng, Bai Tianyu, and Lu Ming had already arrived at the place below the Black Feather Tribe.
Looking at the bodies of Maggie and Anderson not far away, Lu Ming frowned, his expression somewhat unhappy.
He pointed at Maggie’s body, “Is this Lolita’s mother?”
Huo Sheng said, “Seems like it.”
Lolita had already fainted from crying and was carried into the house by Wei Lan.
In fact, Lu Ming had enjoyed being with Lolita for the past two days; he liked the little girl.
But now, someone had killed Lolita’s mother right in front of her…
The young girl’s heart was experiencing a tremendous shock.
How much of a blow would this bring to the child?!
Looking up at the smiling Black Feather Tribesmen, Lu Ming raised his eyebrows and subjectively labeled this group of people as bad guys.
However…
There was a need to talk first.
Everyone was new here, and Lu Ming did not have much feelings for Maggie and Anderson. Moreover, they were the ones who had attracted this group of birdmen here.
The other party’s strength was also unclear…
In any case, we should talk first; that’s definitely right.
Huo Sheng also had the same intention.
However, he knew more than Lu Ming—such as Anderson’s Level 7 strength.
A Level 7 Anderson had his neck snapped like a chick. The strength of this group of birdmen could be roughly estimated.
They were not easy to deal with…
Let’s talk first, understand the birdmen’s intentions, and resolve it peacefully if possible.
However, judging from the other party’s casual attitude towards killing, it might not be possible to resolve it peacefully…
With these thoughts in mind, Huo Sheng spoke, “Everyone…”


CHAPTER-151
Chapter 151: Do You Really Know How to Write the Word “Death”?

“Everyone…”
lluo Sheng’s voice attracted the attention of the Black Feather Tribe.
They did not hear clearly what lluo Sheng said next; they were not listening seriously, and they did not care.
They were simply sizing up Lu Ming, l luo Sheng, and Bai Tianyu.
Soon, Amang spoke,
“The guy with the glasses is their leader.”
“The second tallest and strongest person is their strongest expert, with Level 6 strength and traces of cultivating a body forging technique.”
Arnold chuckled, “He obtained the Body Forging Technique just a few days after entering the Black Mist Zone. These people are quite lucky.”
Amang nodded, “After all, he’s a new generation Tribulation Transcender, having strong luck is normal.”
Apulan then looked at Lu Ming, raising his eyebrows, “What about that one? The tallest and strongest one?”
Lu Ming’s current height was already over three meters! Standing in place, he looked like a mountain. Bai Tianyu was already strong and tall, but standing next to Lu Ming, he was like a cute little doll.
Hearing Apulan’s words, Amang shook his head in disdain, “Just a braggart, Level 1 of the Mortal Realm.”
This number caused the Black Feather tribesmen present to burst into laughter.
A Level 1 of the Mortal Realm dared to come out and make a fuss?
He was deliberately trying to amuse them…
On this side, the Black Feather tribesmen were assessing the strength of the people from Nanxiang.
On the other side, Lu Ming and his group were also observing the expressions of the Black Feather tribesmen.
lluo Sheng talked a lot, but the birdmen above were chatting and laughing. It was unknown if they did not speak the same language or if they did not take them seriously at all.
This made Huo Sheng shake his head helplessly.
“No way to communicate.”
“We might have to fight.”
“Mr. Lu, what do you think… Can we take them on?”
In a battle, they definitely need Lu Ming.
Lu Ming looked at the birdmen, furrowing his brow in thought.
After a moment, he responded, “It’s hard to say…”
Currently, Lu Ming’s attributes were:
Strength: 3,853-7
Physique: 3,863.6
Agility: 3,443-7
Free attribute points: 11,449
For an ordinary Level 9 Mortal Realm expert, according to the theory of attribute increment, the three-dimensional attributes would be 2560 points, which was definitely far inferior to Lu Ming.
Lu Ming did not sense too much danger from most of the birdmen.
Only the three-headed birdman standing in front gave Lu Ming a strange feeling…
Speaking of pressure, there was.
Speaking of danger, there seemed to be.
However, it was hazy and he could not perceive it clearly. This made Lu Ming unsure of just how strong the three-headed birdman was and if he could fight it.
As the saying went, if one was indecisive, add a few points.
He opened his attribute panel and looked at the free attribute points column.
“Currently, Chengcheng and Wei Lan both have Level 6 strength, and assisting me with training is enough. But if 1 push the limit… it should be in this area.” Strength, agility, and physique+3,000 each!
Thus, Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Strength: 6,853.7
Physique: 3,863.6
Agility: 6,443-7
Free attribute points: 2,449
This level of attributes was the limit for Wei Lan and Zhang Chengcheng. If it was any higher, it would be very difficult for Lu Ming to obtain attribute points through daily exercise.
The increase in attributes caused Lu Ming’s strength to skyrocket instantly!
One could clearly hear a series of crackling sounds coming from Lu Ming’s body.
His height increased greatly again, reaching 3.3 meters!
This made Lu Ming’s shirt burst instantly! His pants also became much shorter!
Lu Ming’s sudden change stunned everyone.
Huo Sheng and Bai Tianyu paid attention to it for a while and then ignored it whatever happened to Brother Lu was not surprising.
On the other hand, the Black Feather Tribesmen were curious.
“What’s this?”
“I have no idea.”
“Has he become stronger? No, he’s still at Level 1…”
“I have no idea.”
In short, they had no idea.
They could not explain it.
After thinking for a moment, they could only attribute it to “probably some kind of Source Power Skill.”
To the Black Feather Tribe, this was only an interlude and not worth mentioning.
Their attention quickly shifted to Bai Tianyu.
“This man is the strongest here! Kill him!”
Then, they looked at Huo Sheng. “This man should be the leader here, let’s not kill him.”
As for Lu Ming….
Are you referring to that Level 1 of the Mortal Realm?
“Let’s kill the strongest person first to intimidate them before having a good chat with them!”
The word “chat” was deliberately emphasized by Amang.
As soon as he finished speaking, a Level 9 Mortal Realm Black Feather tribeman from the back flapped its wings and instantly flew in front of Bai Tianyu!
The speed of the Black Feather Tribe members was fast.
At this moment, as soon as the birdman attacked, Bai Tianyu could not react in time.
In the blink of an eye, the birdman was already standing in front of Bai Tianyu!
He smiled sinisterly and stretched out his hand, preparing to pull out Bai Tianyu’s heart.
Was it difficult?
Not at all.
The gap between Level 9 and Level 6 of the mortal realm was so huge that it left people feeling hopeless—this was a gap that no superpower or body-refining technique could bridge!
In Bai Tianyu’s eyes, everything seemed to have slowed down.
He could only watch helplessly as the hand with only three fingers slowly moved towards his chest, but he had no room for any reaction.
The threat of death instantly enveloped him.
However, in his heart, Bai Tianyu felt strangely calm…
Because Lu Ming was right beside him!
In the next moment, just before the birdman could touch Bai Tianyu, a larger hand suddenly appeared in front of the birdman’s claw and firmly grabbed it!
The atmosphere became tense.
The birdman looked at Bai Tianyu in confusion and then at Lu Ming.
He continued to exert force.
However, Lu Ming remained motionless.
Even when his face, covered with patterns, turned blue, he didn’t budge even a bit…
Lu Ming ignored this minion—based on his perception, he was the weakest among the group of birdmen.
He just glanced up at the three leading Black Feather tribe members.
“Do you really not understand what 1 was saying?”
This time, Amang could not smile anymore.
He looked at Lu Ming’s face seriously and nodded.
“I can understand. I just don’t want to chat with you.”
He was not speaking Chinese, but a peculiar language. However, strangely, this language could directly resonate in Lu Ming’s heart and make him understand the meaning behind the words.
Lu Ming nodded slightly and was about to say something when he saw Amang turn around and look at Apulan. Apulan then descended from the sky and landed in front of Lu Ming.
He narrowed his eyes and appraised Lu Ming up and down—it was very rude.
Then, he said, “You’re quite interesting. You’re clearly only at Level 1, but you possess strength stronger than Level 9 of the Mortal Realm. Could it be that… you’ve been cultivating body forging techniques since you were in your mother’s womb?”
Lu Ming shook his head. “No, 1 just want to ask you guys…”
However, Apulan did not give Lu Ming a chance to speak.
He stretched out his hand and beckoned Lu Ming with his finger.
“Let that trash go. I’ll play with you.”
Lu Ming asked, “Can’t we not fight?”
Apulan shook his head, “No, because most of you have to die, including you!”
Huo Sheng and Bai Tianyu immediately turned around and looked pitifully at Apulan…
You mentioned death to Brother Lu…
Do you really know how to write the word ‘death’?
Lu Ming fell silent all of a sudden.
His eyes gradually turned red.
A moment later, he took a deep breath and gritted his teeth.
“Fine, I’ll play with you then!”


CHAPTER-152
Chapter 152: You Forced Me!
Lu Ming really did not like to fight.
He preferred to have a harmonious relationship with everyone and all could live a peaceful life.
However, ever since the apocalypse arrived, most of the opponents Lu Ming had encountered were unreasonable and shameless villains who wanted to harm him, and they expected him to stand still and let them persecute him.
Would Lu Ming just stand still and let them harm him?
Definitely not!
For his own safety, Lu Ming had to arm himself with muscles so that when another shameless person stood in front of him, he could smash his head with one slap!
And now, these birdmen standing in front of Lu Ming all fell into the category of “shameless”!
Taking a deep breath, Lu Ming opened the attribute panel again.
Based on Lu Ming’s perception, the birdman he currently had in his hand was the weakest among this group of birdmen.
Even so, he still had Level 9 strength!
Not far away, the birdman named Apulan emitted an aura that Lu Ming could not sense at all. It was like he was shrouded in a layer of mist, making it impossible for Lu Ming to gauge his depth.
Therefore, he must be above Level 9!
Lu Ming had no idea what levels were above Level 9.
He did not know how strong an expert of this level could be in battle!
At this moment, the other party was determined to kill.
Lu Ming could only increase his strength to the greatest extent and deal with all the variables with absolute invincibility!
“System, add points to me!”
Lu Ming currently had 2,449 free attribute points.
He directly assigned them to the three-dimensional attribute.
When the free attribute points were used up, Lu Ming’s three-dimensional attributes became:
Strength: 7533 7
Physique: 7533-6
Agility: 7542-7
These attributes had already exceeded the limit that Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan could coordinate with meaning Lu Ming’s daily attribute farming arrangements had already been disrupted by the birdmen.
However, even with the attributes surpassing 7500, Lu Ming still could not sense Apulan’s true strength.
There was no bottom line.
He still could not gauge the depth.
The unimown brought fear.
The sense of fear stimulated Lu Ming’s brain and made his heart calm down.
He looked at Apulan, who had his hands in his pockets and did not know what a real opponent was, and asked softly, “I’ll ask you one last time. Can’t we avoid fighting? Can’t we coexist peacefully?”
Apulan just snorted and did not answer Lu Ming’s question at all.
Lu Ming easily saw it in his eyes the way this birdman looked at him was like he was looking at a bug…
He did not take Lu Ming seriously ar ail!
He thought that he could easily crush Lu Ming with a casual stomp!
This made Lu Ming nod gently and mutter, “You forced me to do this!”
The Basic Breathing Technique (Mastery) (73/1,000) was instantly activated!
Unlike the previous supplementary cultivation, this time Lu Ming operated the breathing technique solely for one purpose—advancement!
Advance at the fastest speed!
At this moment, Lu Ming was like a bottomless abyss. A large number of mystery factors floating in rhe air swept towards Lu Ming’s body like a tsunami. Through his breathing and pores, they crazily surged into Lu Ming’s body!
The speed was so fast that a circle of dazzling blue light even condensed around Lu Ming’s body.
This shocking scene made Amang’s expression change.
“The Breathing Technique? What a fast speed!”
“This person’s talent is absurdly high!”
In the distance, Velo, who was about to attack, was also alarmed.
“Outstanding talent! I’ve never seen such a talented person.”
“More importantly, this person’s level of effort is unparalleled.”
Extraordinary talent + extraordinary effort!
This equation equated to boundless potential.
This strengthened Veto’s determination to help.
Of course, the timing had to be right, and he needed to make the best impression on this generation of tribulation transcenders.
Using the breathing technique to advance was actually nor that fast.
At the very least, during Lu Ming’s advancement, Apulan had more than enough time to attack.
But strangely, he did not make a move.
Instead, he had his hands in his pockets and stared at Lu Ming.
It was only when the blue light dissipating from Lu Ming’s body slowed down, indicating that he had completed his advancement and reached Level 2, that Apulan finally looked up at Amang.
The two exchanged glances, and Amang nodded. Apulan then turned his gaze back to Lu Ming again.
“You’re quite impressive, so I’ve decided nor to kill you. Ill spare your life and take you back with me. Then I’ll let you mare with different women and give birth to more talented offspring.”
What was Lu Ming to Apulan?
He was like a hen that could lay golden eggs!
It would be a pity to kill such a person. It was simply suitable to keep him and make use of him.
Amang also nodded and said, “Then let’s change our strategy. Capture this man and then capture some fertile women. Kill the rest. Yes, let s do that.”
However, when he heard that he did not have to die, Lu Ming remained expressionless.
He just muttered crazily.
“It’s too late… It s ail too late…”
He had advanced!
His attributes doubled again.
Chengcheng and Wei Lan’s superpowers would definitely not be able to keep up with Lu Ming s progress.
Even if Chengcheng and Wei Lan advanced to Level 7, it would not be enough.
This also meant that in the future, Lu Ming would lose 41 points of three-dimensional attribute every day.
Based on 41 points, Lu Ming would lose 82 points when he advanced again in the future!
If he advanced again, the loss of attribute points would double again!
Rounded up, that was a 100 million!
Because of these birdmen, Lu Ming lost 100 million points worth of attributes!
His heart was bleeding.
Lu Ming thought of his opponent during his first advancement the Devourer called Sima Xiao.
Lu Ming tilled his head slightly and looked at Apulan with a deep gaze.
What was Sima Xiao s fate again?
Oh, right.’
Lu Ming had cut him into diced meat that could be used as dumpling filling…
At this moment, Lu Ming’s imagination ran wild, and his expression gradually became ferocious.
Apulan still did not realize the seriousness of the problem.
Instead, he smiled at Lu Ming.
“Can you still advance? Keep going. Let me see where your limits lie!”
Lu Ming did not respond and did not continue to advance.
He just opened his attribute panel.
New attributes came into view.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Worldly Realm, Level two.
Strength: 15067.4
Physique: 15067.2
Agility: 15085.4
Free Attribute Points: 0
Transcendent Ability: Body Self-Limitation
Body Seif-Limitation: You possess an almost perfect body! This superpower allows you to effortlessly mobilize every trace of energy in your body!
After awakening the Body Self-Limitation, you will have the following four different body forms!
Form 1: Self-Limitation state: After activating the Self-Limitation state, your attributes will be halved. At the same time, your body will become shorter and thinner, and your aura will be greatly restrained.
Form 2: Conventional state: Conventional state is your current normal state.
Form 3: Explosive state: After activating the Explosive state, your physical attributes will double, and your body will become stronger, more suitable for combat.
Form 4: Desperate Stare: Every second in this form will consume a large amount of stored energy and source power. As an exchange, your body’s attributes will be amplified fivefold! This state can’t be sustained for a long time but can burst forth astonishing power!
Looking at the description of the Body Self-Limitation, Lu Ming could nor help but be stunned..


CHAPTER-153
Chapter 153: Confrontation

Just a moment ago, Lu Ming was still lamenting that he might not be able to gain daily attributes for a period of time.
However, the awakening of his superpower showed Lu Ming new possibilities.
“Self-Limitation State? Attributes halved? Doesn’t that mean 1 won’t be able to advance?””
It seemed like… this was the case…
Just now, Lu Ming was planning to advance again to safely get through this crisis without a head-on battle.
To put it bluntly, Lu Ming did not want an evenly matched fight. What he wanted was control.
If he could crush them, he should not play the evenly matched game. What if things went wrong?
But now, looking at the Body Self-Limitation superpower, he suddenly realized that there was no need for him to advance further.
I have superpower!
I have the Explosive State!
I even have the Desperate State!
More importantly…
The Level 2 Lu Ming had already vaguely sensed the strength of the group of birdmen opposite him.
Other than the three leaders, all of them were Level 9 in the Mortal Realm, which was far weaker than him.
Among the three leaders, two were not stronger than his Normal State.
The remaining one might be stronger than his Normal State but probably not stronger than his Explosive State, let alone his Desperate State!
“Is this stable?”
Lu Ming was not sure if it was stable or not. Before the results came out, Lu Ming did not want to make any judgments.
But it seemed unnecessary to advance again.
At this moment, Lu Ming fell into a deep conflict.
On this side, Lu Ming was silent.
However, the others took Lu Ming’s silence as fear.
The birdman in Lu Ming’s right hand sensed the trembling of Lu Ming’s fingertips—Lu Ming was trying to familiarize himself with his current strength through subtle changes in posture.
However, this birdman mistook it for fear.
“Let go of me! Let go of me!”
“Did you hear that? Our leader said that he’ll spare your life! Aren’t you going to kneel down and thank us for our kindness.”
Lu Ming did not let go…
This made the Black Feather Tribe members feel offended.
He said coldly, “Kid, 1’11 remember what happened today. When you get to our territory, I’ll have countless of ways to torture you!”
“I’ll break your legs!”
“I want to eat your first offspring in front of you!”
“I want—”
There was a crisp crack.
Lu Ming exerted a little force with his right hand, easily breaking the man’s right hand.
The sudden scene stunned the birdman—he did not expect Lu Ming to dare to make a move. As a result, his surprise came faster than the pain.
In the next second, a scream rang out.
But it stopped abruptly within the blink of an eye.
Lu Ming decisively made a move and twisted his head off.
Just like the way they killed Maggie and Anderson…
Amang, Apulan, and Arnold’s expressions instantly darkened.
Killing their tribe member in front of them.
Although he was only at Level 9 in the Mortal Realm and was rather useless, this kind of behavior was indeed a slap in the face.
Amang immediately roared, “Teach him a lesson!”
Apulan was about to attack.
However, before Apulan could act, he suddenly felt his vision blur. In the next second, Lu Ming appeared in front of Apulan!
Lu Ming reached out and grabbed Apulan’s neck.
Before Apulan could sense Lu Ming’s strength, he suddenly felt everything spinning.
Lu Ming was dragging Apulan, and in just three steps, they were outside the Nanxiang gathering place in an open space.
With a flick, Lu Ming threw Apulan far away and then turned to look at Amang and the others in the sky, and hooked his finger at them provocatively.
The message was clear.
The space inside was too small and could not be used. Let’s fight outside.
And…
I alone will take on all of you!
Amang could not help but laugh in anger.
He really did not expect that he would be provoked by a Level 2 in the Mortal realm…
After looking down at the Nanxiang gathering place and ensuring that no one could escape from there, Amang led the way and flew towards Lu Ming.
The Black Feather Tribesmen flapped their wings and descended from the sky, landing beside Apulan.
Apulan’s eyes were red as he said in exasperation, “1 was careless!”
He still did not think that the scene just now was the result of the difference in strength.
Amang actually thought the same way.
Patting Apulan’s shoulder, Amang said softly, “Now, let’s not be careless again.”
“Understood…”
Taking a deep breath, Apulan strode towards Lu Ming.
In the distance, Velo, who was secretly observing, had a different view from Amang and the others.
Staring at Lu Ming’s mountainous physique, Velo’s brows slowly furrowed.
“This person is a bit strange…”
The strength of a Level 2 mortal realm expert was undoubtedly certain, and there would be no deviation in this.
Just now, Lu Ming had grabbed Apulan’s neck with a single hand and threw him out of the gathering place.
The strength displayed by Lu Ming was completely beyond what could be explained by body forging techniques.
As the saying went, the onlooker could see things more clearly than those involved.
Amang and Apulan only thought that Lu Ming ambushed them and did not care about martial arts ethics.
However, Velo felt that in terms of physical strength, this Level 2 Awakened was not inferior to a Level 1 Physique Realm Expert like Apulan.
“Could it be that he has really started practicing body forging techniques since he was in his mother’s womb?”
“That shouldn’t be the case.”
Unable to figure it out after much thought, Velo gave up trying to understand.
However, as he watched the colorful light flash out of Apulan’s body, he sighed and said, “Unfortunately, the foundation of the new generation of Tribulation Transcenders is too shallow. They can’t master many Source Power Skills at all. On the other hand, the Black Feather Tribe has a complete clan and inheritance, giving them a significant advantage in Source Power Skills.”
Let’s assume that Lu Ming and Apulan’s basic strength were about the same.
Then, with every additional Source Power Skill that Apulan mastered, he would have a slight advantage over Lu Ming—the gap widened just like this.
Therefore in this battle, Velo still did not think highly of Lu Ming.
Apulan walked towards Lu Ming.
With every step, light rose from Apulan’s body.
Some light turned into armor.
Source Power Skill: Black Feather Battle Armor Technique.
Some light transformed into two sabers.
Source Power Skill: Soldier Transformation Technique.
Some light covered body, significantly enhancing the defense of his skin.
Some light fell on the wings and greatly increased Apulan’s speed.
In short, several Source Power Skills were displayed by Apulan and there were no less than ten of them.
With the display of more Source Power Skills, Apulan’s aura became even more powerful.
Lu Ming was not too concerned.
This was because the threat was not significant.
Perhaps, for his Normal State, it was not much of a threat…
A loud “bang” rang out.
Two shockwaves erupted from Apulan’s feet, and his entire body seemed to have teleported as he appeared in front of Lu Ming.
The two blades slashed at Lu Ming’s neck from different angles. Lu Ming dodged slightly, avoiding the attack, but he was not prepared for Apulan’s kick.
The eagle-like claw slapped Lu Ming’s chest ruthlessly. A copious amount of force surged over, making Lu Ming take two steps back.
As if he had collided with a huge mountain, Apulan’s leg emitted an ear-piercing explosion. He quickly retreated on one foot and even flapped his wings a few times to stabilize himself.
The atmosphere instantly became awkward.
Apulan’s face turned from white to green and then to purple.
He wanted to turn around and tell Amang that he seemed to be no match for this guy. However, before he could speak, Lu Ming spoke first.
“You’re very strong.”
To be able to kick Lu Ming back two steps… This was a powerful opponent Lu Ming had never encountered before!!
“Therefore, I have to use my true abilities!”
Apulan opened his mouth and was about to say something when he suddenly saw Lu Ming’s body begin to expand!


CHAPTER-154
Chapter 154: The Desperate State, Lu Ming!

It was different from the explosive increase in size brought about by additional points.
At this moment, Lu Ming’s expansion was more like a transformation in form —similar to blowing up a deflated balloon.
His originally three-meter body rapidly grew larger, and surging waves of heat gushed out from every pore on his body, enveloping him in a misty, white haze.
His clothes began to tear.
Soon, Lu Ming’s body size grew to about five meters.
The sculpted muscles spread across Lu Ming’s body resembled the work of a skilled sculptor, trembling with every breath he took!
His eyes, the size of bronze bells, were fixed on Apulan, making Apulan swallow hard.
He really wanted to ask, “What kind of freak is this?!”
In his explosive state, Lu Ming felt very good.
The doubled attributes made Lu Ming feel that his entire body was filled with strength.
Looking at Apulan, he saw Apulan hopped two steps back on one foot, while Amang approached Apulan with a solemn expression.
“1 underestimated you…”
Amang first admitted his mistake before saying,
“Apulan is not your match. Now, 1’11 be your opponent… Huh”
Amang did not finish what he wanted to say.
This was because he saw Lu Ming in front of him suddenly let out a furious roar!
That roar was as terrifying as a dragon.
In the next second, Lu Ming’s body underwent another transformation!
Using only the Explosive State is not enough.
As mentioned before, Lu Ming did not pursue an equal match but a complete and utter crush!
At this moment, Lu Ming did not want to advance further, so he simply went all out and used his most powerful killing move—the Desperate State!
Just as this thought flashed through his mind, boundless power surged within Lu Ming’s body!
Inside his body, the mystery factors in his cells began to boil and fused deeper with the cells in Lu Ming’s body at an incredibly fast speed!
It was different from the mystery factor fusion phenomenon that occurred when cultivating the Body Forging Technique.
The fusion of the Desperate State was even simpler and more violent!
Pain!
Lu Ming felt the pain in his body.
However, he could endure this pain.
After a brief and somewhat faint discomfort, Lu Ming felt his body undergoing a tremendous change!
His bones emitted a deeper explosion.
Every bone in Lu Ming’s body began to grow larger, stronger, and more resilient!
The bone marrow responsible for blood production surged with activity, sending new and stronger blood flowing to every part of Lu Ming’s body.
Lu Ming felt as if his blood had turned into magma.
A burning sensation kept rising from every part of his body.
He had further muscle growth, and his skin became even tougher.
His vision became higher and higher—this was the effect of his body growing once again.
Soon, Lu Ming’s entire body had expanded to a size of ten meters!
 
Phew.”
A heavy, bellows-like sound emanated from Lu Ming’s mouth, accompanied by a rush of scorching hot air.
Lu Ming could feel that his body was under great strain – this meant that he could only maintain the Desperate State for a short time.
But that did not matter…
Compared to the power brought about by the Desperate State, the duration did not matter at all!
Suddenly, a tingling sensation emerged from his ribs, prompting Lu Ming to lower his head and look at his upper body.
He saw that between his ribs, two pairs of additional arms extended out, clenching and swinging his fists, and causing a series of sonic booms at his will!
Having four more arms made Lu Ming feel a little strange.
But upon further consideration, Lu Ming felt it was better this way – the additional arms meant more attack points and defense points.
At this moment, Lu Ming vaguely had a deeper understanding of his superpower.
“Body Self-Limitation.”
 
A more perfect body and easier to mobilize every trace of strength in the body.”This might mean that 1 can change my body form…”
Thinking of this, a crack suddenly appeared on both sides of Lu Ming’s temples, and two eyeballs floated out from the crack, constantly scanning in all directions.
He had no blind spot in his vision.
On his body, his muscles were contorted, and his skin gradually turned from light yellow to dark gray.
His physical defense had increased to another level.
Lu Ming did not know if this optimization of the body could only be used in the Desperate State.
After settling the matter in front of him, Lu Ming would also try it in his Self-limitation State, Conventional State, and Explosive State.
The development of his superpowers was suspended – because the time in the Desperate State was limited, Lu Ming had more important matters to attend to.
Maintaining this ten-meter-high, four-eyed, six-armed, gray-skinned state… Lu Ming slowly lowered his head and looked at Amang.
He saw Amang’s face filled with fear, unconsciously retreating two steps.
What… kind of monster is this?!”
No doubt about it.
The moment Lu Ming activated the Desperate State, this was the only thought in everyone’s minds!
The Black Feather Tribe members were dumbfounded…
Now, they were at a loss… They did not quite understand what was going on with this person.
Bai Tianyu, Huo Sheng, and the others were also stunned.
Was this still Brother Lu?
Was he even human?!
“He’s not a human. He’s a god!”
Only Zhang Chengcheng’s eyes were shining brightly, and her gaze at Lu Ming remained unwavering.
She was definitely Lu Ming’s most loyal fan.
Veto and Fala were also at a loss.
Looking at the ten-meter-tall giant in the distance, Velo’s lips moved, but he could not utter a word for a long time.
He did not know how to evaluate Lu Ming…
High talent? That was for sure.
Hardworking? That was also true.
But your current appearance clearly could not be explained by talent and hard work anymore.
“Superpower? I’ve never seen such a superpower…”
However, Lu Ming did not care about other people’s opinions.
Lu Ming gently moved his shoulders and grinned at Amang.
His deep voice resounded in the ears of Amang and the other members of the Black Feather Tribe.
“You forced me!”
“Now, enjoy the results of your actions!”
He took a step forward, and then all six arms swung into action!
Perfect Level Explosive Fist! *6!
The Desperate State increased Lu Ming’s attributes fivefold!
The current basic attributes of the Level 2 Lu Ming were:
Strength: 15067.4
Physique: 15067.2
Agility: 15085.4
The fivefold increase was:
Strength: 75337
Physique: 75336
Agility: 75427
With such attributes, so what if he was comparable to a Body Realm expert?
Fala had a say in this!
The moment Lu Ming raised his leg and charged at the Black Feather Tribe, Fala’s beautiful face froze in astonishment.
She vaguely recalled Velo’s teachings.
“In the Mortal Realm and the ordinary realm, based on different races, strengths also vary.”
For example, the average physical fitness of an ordinary human was 5.
For the Spirit Tribe, it was 7.
According to the theory of an Awakened person’s attributes doubling, a Mortal Realm Level 9 human’s physical fitness would be 2,560, while for the Spirit Tribe, it would be 3,584.
The individual strength among the Spirit Tribe indeed surpassed that of humans.
“But after reaching the Body Realm, the advantage of one’s race is not as significant.”
“Because breaking through from the Mortal Realm to the Body Realm, regardless of race, the only way is to refine the body to perfection – using body forging techniques.”
And this so-called perfection is when the three-dimensional attributes reach 5000!
The 5,000 three-dimensional attributes was the limit of Level 9 of the Mortal Realm. Once one’s attributes reached 5,000, one could naturally reach the Physique Realm Level 1. From Level 9 Mortal Realm to Level 1 of the Physique Realm, the theory of double attributes still applied.
In other words, other than Body Forging Technique and Source Power Skills, the physical fitness of Level 1 experts of the Physique Realm was uniformly 10,000 points.
Physique Realm Level 2 was 20,000.
Physique Realm Level 3 was 40,000.
This meant that Velo’s strength was at most around 50,000 points.
Amang was even weaker than him!
The Mortal Realm reversing to surpass the Physique Realm was something Fala had never heard of.
This was publicly acknowledged to be impossible in the entire Black Mist Zone!
And now, an unadulterated scene unfolded before her eyes..