CHAPTER-355
Chapter 355: Version Update

“What is this thing?”
The monster in front of Lu Ming stunned him…
He had never seen such a twisted thing before.
The first thing that caught his eye was a slippery, crawling tongue.
The tongue did not crawl quickly, and its length was astonishing—about a thousand meters long.
Looking into the distance along the tongue, one could see a war memorial standing a kilometer away!
The war memorial was entirely built from piled-up heads, forming a spherical shape with no limbs, only heads all over.
It looked like a bunch of grapes.
These heads varied in size. Some were sleeping, some murmuring, some looking around, and some sticking out their tongues.
And that long tongue was one of the tongues spat out by these human heads.
“What the hell is this!?”
Lu Ming could not help but mutter again.
The hearing of the monsters inside the war memorial seemed to be quite sharp.
As soon as Lu Ming finished speaking, the head with the tongue immediately turned to look at Lu Ming.
Its facial features were already half decayed, and sticky pieces of flesh hung on its entire face. However, one could still see the clear malice and murderous desire on this face.
“Hungry!!”
An eerie low growl, unclear whether it was hungry or something else, echoed from the head, and the next moment, the tongue shot towards Lu Ming like a bolt of lightning!
The speed of the tongue was very fast.
Roughly equivalent to the speed of a blood patterned quasi-god-level wielding a weapon with all his might.
This speed would be more than enough to deal with most people, but Lu Ming was indeed not in that category.
He did not have the slightest intention of testing the attack power of this monster.
That appearance alone made Lu Ming lose the desire to fight it.
With a slight sidestep, he easily dodged the tongue’s attack. However, something surprising happened to Lu Ming.
The air wave brought about by the long tongue seemed to have a strange magic power.
Even though Lu Ming was certain that he had not been scratched or touched by the long tongue at all, just being brushed by the air wave slightly, he felt his body stagnate.
In the next second, two streams of source power dissipated from Lu Ming’s body.
One stream originated from the three silver patterns on Lu Ming’s body, and the other came from the shrunken Boshi Tower!
Under the circulation of the force system, the black mist could not block Lu Ming’s senses.
It was also because of this that Lu Ming clearly saw the two streams of source power automatically surge towards the monster in the war memorial. In the blink of an eye, they were devoured by the monster and disappeared inside it.
“Burp!”
The monster burped.
“Oh, oh, oh, oh—”
It let out joyful strange cries.
Lu Ming could clearly sense that as the monster consumed his source power, its speed and strength increased again—manifested by the tongue’s attack speed becoming even faster.
At the same time, perhaps sensing the fluctuation of source power dissipating here, Lu Ming could clearly hear more footsteps and strange cries ringing out continuously.
Attracted by the source power, more monsters were swarming over.
Lu Ming instantly understood.
“These things feed on Source Power and Divine Source.”
“Anyone or anything with Source Power and Divine Source will be drawn to them and be devoured completely.”
“This even includes the power of silver patterns.”
What devoured Source Power and Divine Source was not the black mist. The black mist only had the effect of isolating the perception of non-mutants.
What truly devoured Source Power and Divine Source were these strange monsters in the black mist.
Thinking of this, Lu Ming turned around and left.
Lu Ming moved at a rapid pace and quickly escaped the pursuit of the monsters in the war memorial.
At the same time, he also minimized the aura of himself and Boshi Tower to the minimum.
This move was effective but not entirely foolproof.
The monsters’ perception was extremely sharp. Even the slightest source power fluctuation could attract their pursuit and hunting.
And Lu Ming could only suppress the source power aura to the maximum, but he could not completely block the source power aura emitted by the silver patterns and the source power fluctuations of the Boshi Tower.
The difference was that the higher the concentration of source power, the more powerful and stronger monsters it attracted—large prey would always attract larger hunters.
On the other hand, small prey like insects would only attract birds and other small animals.
This allowed Lu Ming to travel relatively safely.
Carefully avoiding a strange creature that looked like a toilet bowl, Lu Ming observed briefly and found that he had already left the urban area of Xuanshui City.
However, this black mist spread too quickly. Even outside Xuanshui City, it was filled with black mist.
Looking into the distance, the black mist stretched as far as the eye could see, and Lu Ming could not see the boundaries at all…
Further away, more monsters came into view.
“There are more and more of them.”
Lu Ming discovered that these abnormalities were increasing in number and density.
Logically speaking, since the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss was the starting point of the black mist outbreak, the farther Lu Ming went outward, the fewer abnormalities he should encounter—yet the reality seemed to deviate from this logic.
This made Lu Ming frown and fall into deep thought.
Very soon, Lu Ming had a plan.
“I can’t go any further.”
The fluctuations of source power on his body could not be completely concealed.
This made Lu Ming like a beacon in the darkness, attracting many abnormalities.
Although they were weak abnormalities, even the weakest abnormalities could trigger the source power in the silver patterns and Boshi Tower, causing Lu Ming to leak more source power aura once he engaged in battle.
More source power aura would attract more powerful abnormalities.
It was a vicious cycle.
Thinking of this, Lu Ming looked around cautiously and quickly found a relatively intact house, and rushed inside.
The house was empty, with no signs of any intelligent beings. It was unknown if the original owner were eaten by the Ancient Demons or the monsters.
In any case, apart from a pool of bloodstains and chewed bone fragments, Lu Ming could not find any traces of any intelligent beings.
He walked to the window and looked outside.
He could clearly see that the streets outside were empty, with only occasional traces of abnormalities appearing.
An explosion suddenly sounded in the distance.
Lu Ming looked into the distance and clearly saw a quasi-god level ancient demon soaring into the sky with a despairing expression.
Hundreds of blood patterns covered its demonic body, roughly looking at least as many as Lu Ming had, and even more gold patterns and silver patterns covered its body.
However, in the black mist, it was blind.
Like a headless fly, this quasi-god could not find its direction at all. It could only keep flying higher and higher until it crashed into a giant jellyfish floating in the air, about a hundred meters in size.
Pfft!
The Ancient Demon crawled into the big jellyfish’s body.
Through the transparent skin of the jellyfish, Lu Ming could see the gold and silver patterns on the ancient demon’s body rapidly collapsing, its source power cultivation dropping continuously until there was no further to descend.
Suddenly, his gaze froze, and after the source power cultivation of gold and silver patterns was discarded, he finally regained his perception.
But it was too late.
Faint air currents swept up from within the jellyfish.
The air currents swept across the ancient demon’s body, bringing with it scales, flesh, and bones.
In just three seconds, this quasi-god of the Ancient Demon Clan, who was far stronger than Lu Ming, disappeared from the jellyfish’s strange body, leaving behind a pool of scarlet that was spreading.
“Wuwuwu—”
The jellyfish in the sky emitted a joyful cry.
Then, it swung its body and leisurely flew into the distance.
Lu Ming watched the bizarre jellyfish fly farther and farther until it completely disappeared from his sight, then muttered to himself.
“The version has been updated, huh…”


CHAPTER-356
Chapter 356: Harvest Time

In the Black Mist Zone, the Source Power system was undoubtedly the mainstream.
Even the experts specializing in blood patterns would have some golden and silver patterns on their bodies, not to mention trying to cultivate blood patterns. They would also cultivate the body forging technique under the Source Power system.
Even to achieve the status of a divine supreme being, one must have cultivated Source Power—there has never been a record of any exotic species reaching the pinnacle and becoming a deity without Source Power cultivation.
Universal, simple, high upper limit, and a perfect system.
There was no other extraordinary system that could compete with the Source Power system.
But at this moment, Lu Ming could not help but sigh with emotion about a version update.
This was because it was obvious that these anomalies were born to hunt transcendents of the Source Power system!
Any source power transcendent facing them in the black mist could only be as defenseless as the quasi-god from earlier, completely wiped out.
Moreover, these anomalies not only consumed the Source Power on the bodies of transcendents but also the Divine Source of the Divine Spirit Realm experts.
They also consumed the freely floating Source Power in the air and the Source Power stored in objects.
It could be said that they could change the Source Power environment and turn the places they passed into Source Power desert.
Without Source Power, the foundation of the Source Power transcendent system would be gone—everything from Source Power techniques to Body Forging techniques, and even the mortal bodies, would all be swept into the trash.
Fortunately, Lu Ming possessed the Force system, allowing him to obtain some insignificant sense of security in such an environment.
“In short, the version has indeed been updated.”
“And now I’m dealing with a lot of problems.”
After some thought, Lu Ming made a decision.
“I have to prioritize. The first thing 1 have to do now is to find a way to conceal the Source Power fluctuations between me and Boshi Tower.”
“And get the hell out of here as much as I can.”
Dawn Province was located in the hinterland of the Eternal Clan, adjacent to Guitan Province.
Guitan Province was the province where Xuanshui City was located.
Standing at the border between Dawn Province and Guitan Province, Jiu Han looked at the black mist rolling over in the distance with a deep gaze and a calm expression.
Calm, but not peaceful.
After all, his hometown, his academy, and his two disciples were all trapped in this ghostly mist. How could he remain calm?
Inhale, exhale.
As if trying to exhale all the suffocation from his heart.
It was not until he took a few deep breaths that Jiu Han turned his head to look at the other person beside him.
That was also his disciple.
The Vice Sect Master of the Hundred Schools of Philosophy, Xiang Yi.
Xiang Yi was not a member of the Eternal Clan but rather a member of the Jin Clan.
The characteristics of the Jin Clan were golden skin and golden eyes.
From his appearance, Xiang Yi was in his prime, with rugged features and strong muscles, giving the first impression that he was not a teacher but rather like a martial arts practitioner.
When he noticed Jiu Han’s gaze sweep over, Xiang Yi said in a deep voice, “Teacher, please think twice.”
It had been a few hours since the black mist appeared.
This thing spread very quickly. At the moment, it had already covered the entire Guitan Province and was still continuing to spread outward.
According to sporadic information from within the black mist, Jiu Han and Xiang Yi already knew how terrifying it was within the black mist.
At this moment, Jiu Han wanted to barge into the black mist to save people, and Xiang Yi obviously would not just watch Jiu Han go in and get himself killed.
The two of them stood deadlocked at the border of the black mist.
Until a leisurely voice came from behind.
“If it were me, I wouldn’t get too close to the Black Mist Zone.”
“After all, the spread speed of this thing is irregular. It might stay still for a short time, or it might spread out several hundred miles in an instant.”
“If you accidentally get swallowed by the Black Mist Zone, it will be difficult to come out again.”
His voice made Jiu Han and Xiang Yi turn around.
At some point in time, a figure had evaded their perception and silently appeared behind them.
An enemy, and an acquaintance at that.
The Corpse God, Zero.
The young bespectacled man who appeared in front of them was one of the main clones of the Corpse God. Jiu Han had fought this clone before and knew that Zero’s clone could temporarily unleash the power of the clan guardian god.
However, Jiu Han was not afraid, and his strength was probably at the same level.
Frowning, Jiu Han asked, “What are you doing here?”
The Corpse God stood with his hands behind his back and looked at the rolling black mist in the distance. He said leisurely, “To see the achievements of our subversives.”
With that said, he pointed to the black mist.
“Look, isn’t this scenery beautiful?”
A flash of killing intent crossed Jiu Han’s eyes.
He said indifferently, “If you’re trying to deliberately provoke me… 1 really don’t know if you’re underestimating me, or if I’m overestimating you.”
The Corpse God smiled faintly, “I’m not deliberately provoking you. 1 just really think that the scenery in front of me is breathtaking.”
Having said this, before Jiu Han could speak, the Corpse God gently adjusted his glasses and continued, “It’s a pity that this beautiful scenery can’t be seen often. According to the regular pattern, it will take more than three hundred generations of tribulation bearers for the Black Mist Zone to officially enter the harvest period. What we subversives have done is simply to bring this deadline forward.”
“So, think about it. From the first generation of tribulation bearers in the Black Mist Zone until now, there have been more than 90,000 generations of tribulation bearers. It took such a long time to wait for the harvest period… This is a rare scene in ten thousand generations! If we look at the current scenery with an appreciative eye, it is more magnificent than any wonders inside the Black Mist Zone!”
The Corpse God’s tone became more and more excited.
It was not until he finished speaking that he took a deep breath and briefly calmed his emotions.
He turned to look at Jiu Han and saw Jiu Han squinting at him, observing him seriously.
Jiu Han remained silent.
He just stared at Zero.
This made Zero shrug and say helplessly, “According to the process, you should ask me what the harvest period is and why there’s a harvest period…”
“No, I don’t want to know.” Jiu Han simply said, “Although I’m curious, I really don’t want to know what the harvest period is. I think the so-called harvest period you’re talking about is probably the root cause of your war with the Eternal Clan.”
Zero nodded, “That’s right.”
Jiu Han continued, “The background is very complicated and difficult to figure out in this matter, such that I don’t want to get involved at all. The only thing 1 care about now is my two disciples.”
“If you have a way to rescue my two disciples, I can agree not to participate in the future battles… This promise can even be extended to the entire Hundred Schools of Philosophy.”
On the side, Xiang Yi opened his mouth, but ultimately did not say anything.
Although the Teacher’s commitment had the suspicion of betraying the clan, the truth was as the Teacher had said.
This battle was fought in a confusing manner, and lasted until now, even Xiang Yi was tired of fighting.
He did not know why he was fighting and did not know the root cause of the battle. He had asked several times, but his superiors had brushed him off. Under such circumstances, it would be strange if he still had the will to fight…
Hearing Jiu Han’s words, Zero thought for a moment and smiled, “Although you didn’t follow the script, the result is indeed not deviating.”
“However, 1 don’t need you to refrain from participating in the battle. What 1 need is for you to stand on our side.”
“Of course, I don’t need you to go against your clansmen… 1 just need your knowledge of array formations.”
“Help me complete an array formation and I’ll save your two disciples. How about that?”
Jiu Han pondered for a long time before nodding slowly.
“That works too.”
“But there’s one more condition.”
“What condition?”
“What exactly is the harvest period you’re talking about?”
Zero immediately burst into laughter.
“Jiu Han, 1 have to admit that I kind of like you..”


CHAPTER-357
Chapter 357: Question

“Do you know why this area is called the Black Mist Zone?”
Ling spoke slowly and actually asked a rather uninformative question.
Jiu Han, upon hearing this, fell into deep thought.
In the past, the answer to this question was very simple.
Because every generation of tribulation transcenders who arrived in this land did so through the descent of the black mist—hence, it was called the Black Mist Zone.
But now, with Zero bringing up the matter, the original answer became obsolete.
Looking thoughtfully at the rolling black mist in the distance, Jiu Han said in a deep voice, “Because of that?”
“Exactly because of that!”
“Every period of time, the Black Mist Zone enters the harvest period. And during the harvest period, all living beings with Source Power cultivation will be harvested! When the harvest period completely arrives, the entire Black Mist Zone will be covered by the black mist… and that’s why it’s named the Black Mist Zone.”
After saying that, Zero fell silent for a moment before saying, “Of course, the spread of the name Black Mist Zone also has some factors induced by certain individuals.”
Jiu Han absorbed the information Zero gave thoughtfully and asked again, “Where did you get all this information?”
Zero said softly, “The horror of the harvest period has only revealed a glimpse so far. The true terror will only manifest when the black mist covers the entire Black Mist Zone.”
“However, this calamity called the harvest period is not entirely unavoidable… at least some extremely special existences can survive the harvest period and successfully move on to the next era.”
“That’s where my information comes from.”
Jiu Han could not help but ask, “Who survived the last harvest period?”
“The Beast King.”
“As far as we know, only it survived.”
The Beast King had long passed away, but the legend left behind by the Beast King persisted.
According to the legend of the Beast King, the high-level figures in the current Black Mist Zone were well aware of the incredibly powerful Blood Patterns Power that could rival the Divine Source of the gods.
But that was all there was to it…
At this moment, when Zero mentioned the legend of the Beast King, Jiu Han was suddenly stunned for a moment.
He muttered, “It’s said that the original ruler of the Black Mist Zone was the Beast King… until the tribulation transcenders appeared and waged a great war against the exotic beasts, driving the Beast King into the Hundred Thousand Mountains, where it was eventually surrounded and killed…”
Zero smiled and said, “Of course we have to surround and kill him. After all, an old thing who survived from the previous era shouldn’t appear in this era. If he doesn’t die, who will?”
Jiu Han said, “But there’s a problem here.”
“Since it was the tribulation transcenders who surrounded and killed the Beast King, the Beast King would surely try to inform these new generations of tribulation transcenders about this matter. After all, these new generations of tribulation transcenders will eventually experience the harvest period. The positions of both sides are actually the same, and I don’t think there’s any reason for them to fight…”
As he spoke, Jiu Han’s voice gradually weakened.
This was because logically speaking, things should indeed develop this way.
However, the truth was that the Beast King died, and the news about the harvest period was also blocked…
There was only one explanation.
“Someone behind the scenes is secretly pushing this matter?”
Zero shrugged, making a gesture that it was inevitable.
There was even no need to ask who the mastermind was… Jiu Han already had a vague answer in his mind.
“Eternal?”
“But the age doesn’t match…”
“No, age is not important. For a qualified mastermind, the more identities one has, the better…”
There was no need for Zero to say more.
Jiu Han had already inferred the cause and effect of this battle.
“Subversives… meaning to overturn the original order in the Black Mist Zone and find a way for the myriad races in the Black Mist Zone to survive. The obstacles standing in front of us are the Eternal God Lord and the Eternal Clan ruled by him.”
Speaking softly, Zero continued, “It was your Eternal Clan that set a precedent for hunting exotic species. For this, you even established an organization called the Sky-Monitoring Bureau.”
“Eternity really treats others as fools… He thinks that his hands and feet are clean and nimble, but he doesn’t know that the Beast King has long used an unexpected method to secretly transmit some key information.”
Muttering to himself, Zero continued, and Jiu Han just listened selectively.
After all, he could not only listen to one person on such a big matter.
After Zero finished speaking, Jiu Han began to think before asking, “So, why did something like the harvest period appear in the Black Mist Zone?”
“Why did you subversives detonate the harvest period in advance?”
“And, how can one survive this harvest period you speak of?”
Jiu Han asked three questions in one breath, and Zero answered them one by one.
“The first question is, why is there such a thing as the harvest period…”
“Unfortunately, 1 can’t answer this question. I don’t know either. It’s not in the Beast King’s intelligence.”
“For now, we can define the harvest period as a type of natural disaster… This is the internal definition of the harvest period within us subversives.”
With that said, he gave Jiu Han some time to digest. Zero continued, “The second question, why did we detonate the harvest period in advance.”
“Firstly, it’s to deal with Eternity. Secondly, it’s to achieve our second major goal from this matter.”
The first major goal, detonating the harvest period, had already been completed by the Desolate Demon Lord.
As for the second major goal and how to achieve it, Zero would not disclose it to Jiu Han at the moment.
Jiu Han wisely did not ask further.
Zero continued, “The third question is how to survive the harvest period.”
“For now, 1 have three methods.”
“Three? That many?” Jiu Han looked at Zero in surprise and saw Zero nod slightly.
“Yes, three.”
“First, learn from the Beast King and use the unparalleled power of blood patterns to resist the harvest period. The difficulty is high and the risk is high. Moreover, it’s only suitable for individuals.
“Second, this involves our second major goal, and 1 can’t tell you in detail.”
“Third, rely on the power of exotic species.”
With that said, Zero paused for a moment and added, “There is a peculiar characteristic of the anomalies in the black mist—they only hunt transcendent beings with Source Power systems, and they turn a blind eye to exotic species.”
“By utilizing the power of exotic species, 1 have a certain probability of protecting more people.”
Of course, it was only a certain probability.
The information Zero knew about the harvest period was inferred from clues. Whether the power of exotic species could protect the majority of people through the harvest period remained unknown.
Jiu Han also understood the implication in Zero’s words.
“The emphasis is on the second point, right?”
As he asked this, Zero nodded gently. “Yes, the emphasis is on the second point, our next big goal. First and Third are just safeguards, and uncertain safeguards at that.”
Jiu Han pondered for a long time before speaking.
“One last question.”
“What’s wrong with the Source Power Extraordinary System?”
Jiu Han had now confirmed that there was a huge problem with the Source Power extraordinary system.
Actually, he had already sensed that there were some issues with the silver patterns and the divinity.
But Jiu Han did not know the specific problems.
Now, hearing about the harvest period specifically targeting Source Power transcendent beings, if Jiu Han still could not figure out that there was a problem with this transcendent system, then his brain would be wasted.
Hearing Jiu Han’s question, Zero spoke softly.
“The issue with the Source Power and the issue with the Divinity are actually connected.”
“These two things are bestowed by others and not obtained by ourselves…”
“Maybe we can understand it this way.”
“The Source Power of this world and everything related to Source Power, all have masters.”
As soon as Zero finished speaking, Jiu Han stroked his beard and said,
“And now, that master wants to reclaim what belongs to him.”
“Hence, the harvest period.”
Jiu Han himself answered the question of why there was a harvest period.
Zero thought for a moment and said, “Perhaps. However, the harvest period does not seem to be manipulated by humans. It’s more like a natural phenomenon. That’s why we have the means to detonate the harvest period in advance… Therefore, 1 still say the same thing.”
“I can’t give you an answer to your first question..”


CHAPTER-358
Chapter 358: Lu Ming’s Safe Zone

At this moment, Jiu Han was like a diligent student seeking enlightenment from a teacher.
Zero, on the other hand, became that teacher—although he didn’t know much, the answers he provided were ambiguous at best.
But at least he could offer Jiu Han some insights.
Time swiftly passed during the Q&amp;A session. Only when Jiu Han had finished asking did he take a deep breath and nod, saying, “In that case, 1 have no more questions.”
After finishing his words, facing Zero’s inquiring gaze, Jiu Han continued, “I’ll help you complete the array formation, and you help me rescue my disciple.”
“That sounds fair.”
“When are you guys going to attack?”
Hearing this, Zero laughed loudly, “I’ve long made arrangements. 1 was just waiting for you to say this!”
At the border on the other side of Guitan Province.
When the communicator in his hand rang, a small tree with a human head slowly opened its eyes.
The small tree was about a meter tall, with four limbs formed by tree roots and branches. It lacked a tree crown, and in place of it was a female human head with beautiful facial features.
This was one of the clones of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
Looking down at the communicator in its hand, the Mother Tree grinned.
“Lu Ming?”
“You want me to save Lu Ming in the Black Mist Zone?”
“Tsk, tsk, tsk.”
Mentioning LU Ming triggered the memories of its death.
Thinking of the dark history in Nanxiang City, the smile on the corners of Little Tree’s mouth immediately became distorted.
“Well, okay. Since I have nothing else to do, it’s a good opportunity to see how much progress Brother Lu has made.”
“Don’t be too weak…”
As it muttered, the ground behind it began to tremble.
Soon, thousands of humanoid monsters crawled out of the ground, surrounding the mother tree.
Standing at the forefront, like a general leading an army, the small figure exuded an imposing aura.
Licking its lips lightly.
The mother tree muttered in a low voice, “Brother Lu, Brother Lu, don’t be too weak.”
“If you’re too weak, you’ll be hung up by me and beaten up.”
The grievances between Lu Ming and the mother tree were neither big nor small.
After such a long time, the mother tree gradually forgot its grudge against Lu Ming.
But now, when Zero suddenly mentioned Lu Ming, and he became the target of its rescue mission, the mother tree naturally had some thoughts.
Directly killing him wouldn’t be too good.
But humiliating him a bit to vent its anger would not be a problem.
“Let’s go!”
With a wave of its hand, the Mother Tree led the army into action.
In its mind, it had already thought of thousands of ways to humiliate Lu Ming.
“Cosplay! We have to have this!”
“He has to serve as my maid for three days to vent my resentment!”
As for Lu Ming being stronger than it now…
Sorry, the mother tree never even considered this possibility.
At most, even if Lu Ming had achieved the status of a quasi-god… but, how could a quasi-god be compared to me, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree?
Three years.
Lu Ming was not the only one who had grown.
As possibly the most robust and fastest-evolving exotic species in history, the power of the mother tree had long surpassed the limits of anyone’s imagination.
Even weak gods like Moon Fiend, the Mother Tree dared to fight against!
The main body of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree was undoubtedly an exotic species.
Unexpectedly, the humanoid monsters created by the mother tree also seemed to belong to exotic species.
At the very least, they would not be hunted by the anomalies in the black mist.
Although anomalies wouldn’t actively hunt these exotic species, if you flaunted yourself blatantly in front of them, that wouldn’t work either—after all, anomalies had hearing and vision. They also had some basic hunting instincts.
Even if they were exotic species, if they went too far, the anomalies would consider them as hunting targets.
As a result, after the Mother Tree led its army into the Black Mist Zone, the progress was slow.
A day passed.
The mother tree had just completed a tenth of the journey and was far from Xuanhui City.
Fortunately, with caution, not many casualties occurred among its subordinates, and the mother tree’s avatar had not encountered any life-threatening crises.
“Anyway, if you die before I arrive, blame it on your bad luck.”
“Good, that’s all.”
The mother tree indeed had an element of passivity.
However, the mother tree also had something to say, “When I carry out a mission, the first thing I consider is my own safety. Is there a problem with that?”
There was no problem at all.
As for saying that this avatar could be casually fabricated by the mother tree and that the life and death of the avatar was not important… and so on.
Mother Tree: If you can do it, go ahead.
In short, as a special entity valued by the Corpse God, the Mother Tree enjoyed great autonomy on many occasions.
However, it did not know that Lu Ming had never intended to trouble others.
He cherished his own life.
If he encountered any difficulties, he would think of a way to solve them himself.
This had always been Lu Ming’s motto!
Lu Ming had never thought of relying on someone else’s intervention to save his life.
Compared to relying on others, Lu Ming relied more on his own abilities.
Lu Ming changed to another safe house.
The reason why he changed the location was because Lu Ming had entered the Boshi Tower previously and taken some things from it—Lu Ming had used Source Power to enter and exit, causing Source Power fluctuations to dissipate and attract the anomalies. That was why he had no choice but to change his residence.
The new residence was located in a palace-style scenic spot in the heart of Xuanshui City.
According to legend, this place was once the mansion of a certain prince. After the prince fell from power, the huge palace was preserved and later on, it was opened to the public as a tourist attraction.
Most of the buildings in the palace had been damaged by the Blood Demon Gate calamity and the Harvest Period calamity. However, there was still a well-preserved garden building—this was the safe zone Lu Ming had chosen.
A safe zone was crucial.
This was the experience Lu Ming had brought from his time in Nanxiang City on Earth.
“Let’s begin.”
Standing in the garden, ensuring there were no traces of anomalies around, Lu Ming muttered to himself.
Then, he turned around and looked at several small mountain-like stone piles behind him.
“Whether it will work depends on this wave.”
The piles of stones were the treasures Lu Ming had brought back from the Boshi Tower.
It was also because of these things that Lu Ming changed his residence although he felt it was worth it.
The Flamestone, Stone of Eternity, Ice Stone, Great Forging Stone, Sky Blue Stone, and so on.
These stones shared a common feature—there was energy inside that was different from Source Power.
There was fire power inside the Flamestone, and there was void power inside the Stone of Eternity…
It was known that the anomalies devoured Source Power and hunted superhumans under the source power system.
Anyone or anything with Source Power fluctuations could not escape their pursuit and hunting.
Then, here comes the question.
How sensitive were they to other types of energy?
The answer was average—Lu Ming had already tested this.
Due to the lack of intelligence in anomalies and their almost instinct-driven actions, their sensitivity to other types of energy is quite poor.
For example, source power superhumans could sense the presence of fiery energy within the Flamestone.
However, in the eyes of the anomalies, the Flamestone is just a broken stone by the roadside, not worth paying attention to.
This gave Lu Ming room to maneuver.
“Formation! It’s still the Dao of Formation that saves my life!”
The Dao of array formations at level 7893 was almost transcendent and extraordinary. It also gave Lu Ming the ability to transform decay into something magical..


CHAPTER-359
Chapter 359: Mother Tree: Watch Me Beating A Drowning Dog

“The Dao of array formations is derived from nature.”
This was the first thing Jiu Han said to Lu Ming when he first came into contact with the Dao of array formations.
Long before the emergence of extraordinary power, many worlds already had legends of array formations.
The classic was like the Five Elements Eight Trigrams Formations on Earth.
Of course, due to the lack of extraordinary motivation, the power of such an array formation was not too impressive. But it was sufficient for simple tasks.
For example, tracking or hiding.
You could even put it more bluntly.
The maze could probably be barely classified under the Dao of array formations.
And this was the foundation of Lu Ming’s creation of a safe zone.
Using materials imbued with non-source power extraordinary energy, he set up a simple tracking formation.
Using other energy fluctuations to mask the source power fluctuations of the silver patterns and the Boshi Tower to prevent strange gazes and covetous gazes.
At level 7893 Dao of array formation, Lu Ming quickly determined the construction process of the Tracking Formation. For the current Lu Ming, this was really quite simple.
One by one, the strange stones were moved by Lu Ming to fixed positions. He even dug up some ordinary stones on-site for filling.
After a busy day, the array was basically formed, covering an area of nearly 10,000 square meters.
And for Lu Ming, these spaces were temporarily sufficient.
After returning to an antique house, Lu Ming checked the array formation while busying himself with other things.
First, there was the Boshi Tower.
He took out the Boshi Tower and placed it beside him.
But he did not enlarge it, just maintaining it at the size of his palm to facilitate carrying it with him at any time during his escape.
His perception flowed through the array formation and landed in the Boshi Tower.
Lu Ming saw that the interior of the Boshi Tower was layered, with a total of 999 floors. Each floor had a decent area, enough to accommodate people. Some larger floors even had fertile fields, treasure mines, and vast landscapes.
After all, it was a divine artifact. Jiu Han had indeed put in a lot of effort into the Boshi Tower.
“It can meet the daily needs of me and the people inside the tower.”
The Boshi Tower itself could produce water and food. Even though there were quite a few people inside now, given the Boshi Tower’s resource reserves and land area, it could easily support them.
Moreover, Lu Ming had even changed the array formation inside the Boshi Tower yesterday.
The original Spirit Gathering Formation had become a Spirit Locking Formation. On the one hand, this could reduce the source power fluctuations of the Boshi Tower. On the other hand, it could also slow down the rate of source power loss inside the Boshi Tower. This not only protected the safety of the people in the tower, but also prevented the rapid deterioration of some materials, treasures, and the main array formation inside.
However, this obviously was not a long-term solution.
Speaking of which, there was no long-term plan…
There was not a bit of Source Power left in the black mist, and it was all sucked away by the Anomaly. Any creature or dead thing with Source Power would slowly dissipate its Source Power until it was completely sucked dry—this was the so-called Source Power Tide.
To put it simply, it was the principle of water naturally flowing downhill.
And Lu Ming could slow down this process with the use of array formations, but he could not completely prevent it.
He then took out a smartphone from his pocket.
Dialing a call and sending messages were completely ineffective.
Lu Ming had tried this a long time ago. This black mist completely blocked all technological communication methods.
After a simple operation, Lu Ming put away his phone and was not discouraged.
Just with a thought, his whole person turned into green smoke and fused into the Boshi Tower.
Inside the Boshi Tower, Lu Ming’s manor.
Standing in a familiar place, without the sinister atmosphere of the external Black Mist, Lu Ming’s mood also relaxed considerably.
He drew the Divine Source from Moon Fiend as usual, ensuring that Moon Fiend would not awaken from her dormant state. Then, Lu Ming looked at the four Divine Spirit Realm experts, including Shu Fang, whom he had saved.
It had been a day since he saved them.
However, during the first wave of the black mist’s impact on them, a powerful anomaly drew away their Divine Source, causing their divinity to fall into a dormant state.restraint over source
Until now, they still had not awakened.
Looking at the four of them, Lu Ming’s brow slowly furrowed.
“Restraint.”
“Absolute restraint.”
“Anomalies have an absolute and overwhelming restraint over source power, divinity, and the Divine Spirit Realm.”
In fact, compared to Lu Ming, these gods were even more overwhelmingly restrained—because of the divinity and the divinity’s dormant state.
Without anyone reminding him, Lu Ming had already realized something.
Source Power, Divine Source, Divinity, and the Heaven Ascension Stairs.
There were major issues in these aspects.
He thought of the divinity reconstruction experiment he had yet to complete.
Lu Ming had a faint premonition—from this experiment, perhaps he could find the answers he was looking for.
With this in mind, Lu Ming suddenly was not in a hurry to leave this place.
After the Tracking Formation was formed, Lu Ming’s safety within the black mist was reasonably guaranteed.
“Then let’s complete the experiment first before considering anything else.”
Muttering to himself, Lu Ming returned to the cultivation room and entered the void space.
Source Power outlined array patterns. The array patterns formed array formations. The array formations attracted the Divine Source to form array patterns, and the array patterns formed array formations.
This was roughly the entire process of the divinity reconstruction experiment.
At present, Lu Ming had already completely grasped the composition of the divinity array formation, and what remained was just careful manipulation and refinement.
Step by step, slowly outlining.
Not seeking speed, only seeking precision.
During the process, Lu Ming kept increasing the level of the array formation increasing the level of the skill could also enhance the precision of Lu Ming’s operation.
Time passed bit by bit, and Lu Ming enjoyed the process.
In the outside world, the effect of the Tracking Formation was beyond Lu Ming’s imagination.
Various non-source power energy stones emitted fluctuations that perfectly masked the source power fluctuations of the Boshi Tower. The main formation resembling a maze also made it so that mindless strange entities that unwittingly entered this area would unknowingly circle out from another entrance.
This array formation might not be able to guarantee permanent safety, but it did give Lu Ming a moment of peace.
In the blink of an eye, ten days had passed.
On this day, Lu Ming suddenly opened his eyes in the void space.
After a short rest, Lu Ming had already dispelled the mental fatigue that had accumulated due to prolonged concentration.
Looking ahead, he could see faint divine sources in front of him, gradually forming intricate patterns under the influence of the source power array formation. In the midst of countless complex and precise source power array formations, a faint golden crystal, about the size of a grape seed, was gradually taking shape.
At this moment, the Divine Source created by Lu Ming had already been perfected by 99%. It was only a few strokes away to be completely formed. In order to reach this step, Lu Ming had experienced countless failures and had spent a long, long time in the Void Realm.
But all efforts eventually paid off!
“This time, it will definitely succeed.”
Such an inexplicable premonition arose in Lu Ming’s mind.
And then, he became even more focused.
Outside.
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree, with great caution along the way, finally arrived outside Xuanshui City.
Standing at a high place and gazing at the Xuanshui City that had already turned into ruins, the blood Flesh Mother Tree waved its large hand.
Soon, thousands of humanoid monsters scattered and walked towards Xuanshui City.
“I have no way to precisely locate Lu Ming’s position.”
“I can only conduct a carpet-style search.”
Speaking these helpless words, the Mother Tree also showed a helpless expression.
Along the way, it had figured it out.
The current Mother Tree hoped that Lu Ming could survive until help arrived.
After all the humiliation it had suffered, it truly wanted to repay twofold.
It wanted to see Lu Ming’s desperate face.
It wanted to see Lu Ming suffer humiliation.
It wanted to see Lu Ming standing in front of it, respectfully and humbly saying, “Please save me.”
How could the Mother Tree not love the feeling of beating a drowning dog?
At this moment, everything was going according to the Mother Tree’s plans.
Farther away, across almost half of the Black Mist Zone,
Jiu Han followed Zero to a small island in the Western Sea..


CHAPTER-360
Chapter 360: Array Formation and Array Formation

The small island was not big, roughly the size of a small city.
Buildings on the island stood tall and magnificent, but upon closer inspection, details were missing. Clearly, they were built in a hurry.
After landing on the island with Zero’s clone, Jiu Han looked around.
Apart from the visible structures, Jiu Han could also vaguely sense that there was a mysterious, hidden, but magnificent energy fluctuation deep beneath this island.
“Looks like you’ve already sensed the key points here.”
As Zero spoke, he led the way. The two arrived at an elevator, entered it, and it descended.
The outer shell of the elevator was transparent.
As it went down, Jiu Han could see through the elevator, the seawater outside and the strict security under the sea.
There were sea beasts patrolling under the sea, and among them, the quasi-divine-level sea beasts were not uncommon.
Superficially, this small island did not attract much attention, especially given its absurdly small size. However, the more Jiu Han observed the details, the more he felt the importance of this place to the subversives.
Until the elevator reached the depths of the sea.
After passing through the crust, they arrived at a dark cave under the sea. As the elevator door opened, two figures were already waiting at the entrance for a long time.
“Welcome, Teacher Jiu Han.”
The first to speak was a young and beautiful woman.
Jiu Han scrutinized her for a moment before realizing.
“Lady Insect Mother?” Jiu Han asked uncertainly. The woman smiled and nodded. “Just call me Ona.”
The Origin Insect Mother was the guardian god of the Insect Clan and also the absolute overlord within the Insect Clan.
Judging by the Insect Mother’s tone at this moment, she seemed to be in a good mood.
Someone beside the Insect Mother also said, “Hello.”
His voice was low and deep, making Jiu Han turn to look at this person again.
After a long time, Jiu Han said in a low voice, “Bai Zhe.”
“It’s me.”
The Divine Spirit Realm expert named Bai Zhe was also famous. He was a wild god and his tribe had long been destroyed in the river of time.
However, his strength was also that of a true god within his tribe.
Including Zero, this small island surprisingly gathered three clan guardian gods!
However, Zero was just a clone, and the Origin Insect Mother in front of him was also just a clone.
On the other hand, Bai Zhe’s main body was guarding this place.
At the side, Zero smiled and said.
“Follow me.”
They walked deeper into the cave.
Soon, everyone arrived in a spacious area.
This was a cave.
The top of the cave was filled with light stones, making this place as bright as daylight.
The walls of the cave had also been carefully repaired. The overall environment, while primitive, was still presentable.
In the center of the cave was a giant array formation with a diameter of nearly 100 meters.
With Jiu Han’s knowledge of array formations surpassing a thousand levels, he could tell how precise and ingenious this array formation was. It was only slightly inferior to the divinity array formation.
Unfortunately, this array formation was not completely formed.
Various scholars of different races were gathered around the large formation, writing and drawing, and occasionally discussing.
Among them, there were many people Jiu Han was familiar with—some considered experts in formations.
Jiu Han even saw two individuals with equivalent or even surpassing his formation strength.
Zero’s voice sounded again.
“Teacher Jiu Han, this is the content of our agreement. You help me perfect this array formation and I’ll rescue your two disciples.”
Jiu Han nodded in understanding and asked, “So where are my disciples?”
“We’re still looking for them. You have to understand the difficulty of this task.”
Zero did not fool Jiu Han.
He had indeed sent someone to look for Lu Ming and Shu Fang, but they had not been located yet.
However, Jiu Han had a way to confirm whether Lu Ming and Shu Fang were alive or dead—they were still alive at this moment.
After a brief thought, Jiu Han nodded.
He looked at the array formation in front of him.
Soon, Jiu Han narrowed his eyes.
“This is a teleportation formation…”
“There are also array patterns embedded with the functions of Bloodline Summoning and the Descent of Consciousness…”
Zero replied, “That’s right.”
Jiu Han stroked his beard and said, “Although I’m very curious about what you want to do with this array formation… I don’t think you’ll tell me.”
Zero nodded with a smile.
Jiu Han said again, “Alright, 1’11 try my best.”
Looking at the array formation masters gathered here, Jiu Han smiled confidently, “However, with so many like-minded persons studying it together, this array formation should not be too difficult for us.”
“It just takes time.”
Xuanshui City, Lu Ming’s safe house.
Inside the void space.
With the surge of Source Power, the outline of the Divine Source, guided by the Source Power Array Formation, gradually took shape with exquisite lines.
The lines were then arranged on the grape-seed-sized Divine Source.
It wriggled slowly, merging bit by bit.
Until the moment it became round and flawless, a golden light suddenly burst forth!
At the side, Lu Ming’s eyes widened.
“It’s done!”
Yes, it was done.
After ten days in the outside world and close to 15,000 days in the void space, Lu Ming finally completed his experiment.
He looked at the artificial Divine Source in front of him with a burning gaze and could see the golden light spreading crazily before rapidly retracting at an astonishing speed.
The divinity spun in mid-air.
A second later, violent Source Power swarmed towards the divinity!
In that instant, at least 80% of the Source Power in the entire Boshi Tower was drained.
The Source Stone mine and various treasures containing Source Power in the tower instantly lost their luster—this was a sign that the Source Power had been sucked dry.
There were also extraordinary people whose Source Power dissipated and were about to be demoted or even have their cultivation crippled.
Lu Ming quickly controlled the array formation in time, interrupting the absorption of source power by the divinity.
Lu Ming also saw something.
The massive source power poured into the divinity, and quickly compressed into a gaseous state.
The gaseous source power was compressed again, quickly turning into a liquid state.
And the liquidized source power was compressed once again…
This time, the compression speed was faster, but the power was much greater.
Before Lu Ming’s eyes, the liquidized source power turned back into a gaseous golden light.
This was the Divine Source!
The gaseous Divine Source was compressed again…
The massive Source Power sucked away by the divinity was directly compressed into half a drop of liquid Divine Source, finally seeping into the inner layer of the divinity. Only then did it stabilize.
“The core array pattern of the divinity is compression and refinement!”
“Endless compression and refinement.”
It violently compressed and refined Source Power into Divine Source!
Lu Ming’s gaze suddenly flashed.
“So the essence of Divine Source is essentially Source Power compressed to the extreme?”
This divinity told Lu Ming that the nature of Source Power and the Divine Source was the same, with the only difference being the degree of condensation.
If Source Power is likened to cotton, then the Divine Source is like a black hole generated by the collapse of a large pile of cotton!
The difference between the two was incomparable. It was even to the extent that there was no similarity at all—but in essence, they were actually the same.
His gaze penetrated everything and reached the core of the divinity.
Lu Ming could see that the array formation in the innermost layer of the divinity, activated by the liquid Divine Source, had officially begun its operation.
The array patterns fluctuated, as if they were extracting something from the liquid Divine Source…
However, soon, the array patterns stopped operating.
This was because the quantity of liquid divine source was too small to extract what the array patterns intended to extract.
And…
“We’re missing a core.”
Lu Ming spoke, grumbling in this manner..


CHAPTER-361
Chapter 361: Cross-Border Call

After countless days of research and reconstruction, Lu Ming had completely understood all the array patterns of the divinity.
Previously Lu Ming was unaware of the function of divinity because he had not activated this unformed grand array. But now that the grand array had taken shape and was activated by Lu Ming, the divinity merely operated in a simple manner, revealing all its secrets to Lu Ming immediately!
Revealing everything!
At this moment, the divinity was no secret to Lu Ming at all!
Therefore, he was very clear about the function and significance of this divinity.
“Controlling Divine Source is just an ancillary function of the divinity, a fundamentally unimportant function.”
“What’s truly important is compression, refinement, and nurturing.”
Source Power and Divine Source were the same thing.
And this Divinity absorbed the Source Power, transformed it into Divine Source, and further compressed the Divine Source.
It was only after compressing the formless and substanceless Source Power into the liquid form of the Divine Source would the nurturing process begin and the location of the nurturing process was the core of the divinity!
Because Lu Ming’s divinity lacked the essential nurturing element in the core, the array formation could not complete its final stage.
“However, I’ve roughly understood the logic.”
“And the next issue…”
As he muttered, Lu Ming vaguely thought of the colorful stream of light he had seen in Qing Jue’s divinity previously.
“Then what exactly is being nurtured by the divinity?”
The more Jiu Han studied the grand array in depth, the more he felt that this thing was unusual.
It was also strangely bizarre.
Initially, from a simple observation, Jiu Han thought that this array formation was a super huge teleportation array, and its function was naturally to serve in wars.
Thinking about it, through this teleportation array, he could directly tear through the defense network of the Celestial Capital and teleport a large number of powerhouses and Divine Spirit Realm experts to the Eternal Clan’s capital, the Celestial Capital.
A fierce man descended from the sky!
This strategic value was simply terrifying.
However, the reality was that Jiu Han’s judgment was wrong.
This was not a teleportation array.
There were just some teleportation functions, but these teleportation functions did not dominate the entire grand array.
“This is a communication array…”
A few hours later, Jiu Han stood up from the array patterns and muttered to himself.
It was very unbelievable. Jiu Han even thought that he had made a mistake in his judgment.
This ultimate grand array, just slightly inferior to the divinity grand array turned out to be a communication array… used for long-range communication. “What kind of message needs such a thing?”
Even if communicating from the extreme east of the Black Mist Zone to the extreme west, even with 81 interference methods in the middle, there was no need for such a grand display.
Bai Zhe’s voice suddenly sounded in his ears.
“How is it? Do you find it strange?”
Jiu Han turned around and saw that Bai Zhe had arrived beside him at some point.
He nodded and said, “It’s indeed very strange.”
“It feels like using a sledgehammer to kill a chicken.”
Bai Zhe could not help but smile when he heard this.
He whispered, “If you’re curious, 1 think I can satisfy your curiosity.”
After that, Bai Zhe looked at Jiu Han and said, “After all, we’re friends.”
The lifespan of a god was endless, and endless lifespan inevitably came with rich experiences, which were equivalent to having a wide circle of friends.
Jiu Han had many enemies, but he also had many friends.
And this Bai Zhe was one of Jiu Han’s social connections—not a life-and-death friend, but when they met, they could greet each other and have a meal together. For some uncomplicated matters, they could also ask each other for help.
Now, with Bai Zhe speaking in this manner, Jiu Han smiled, “Didn’t Zero not want to tell me?”
Bai Zhe shrugged and said, “But 1 want…”
Bai Zhe and Zero were both experts at the level of the clan guardian god. Although Zero’s strength could suppress Bai Zhe, in terms of status, the two were equal.
“And, it’s not something important, just a brief explanation to help you understand the significance of what we are doing now.”
After Bai Zhe said this, Jiu Han immediately pricked up his ears to listen.
Bai Zhe said leisurely, “There’s a problem with the Source Power system and the Divine system.”
This was known. Zero had already told Jiu Han about it.
“I didn’t believe this at first, but after the detonation during the harvest period, I had to believe it.”
“As for the function of this array formation…”
Bai Zhe pointed at the grand array on the ground.
“As you can see, this is just a communication array.”
“But the target of the communication is somewhat unusual.”
“This communication array is connected to the outside world.”
“Outside world?” Jiu Han raised his eyebrows, “What outside world?”
Bai Zhe replied affirmatively, “Outside the Black Mist Zone, abbreviated as the outside world.”
“Actually, this concept is very easy to understand. Those tribulation transcenders come from the outside world. The world before they enter the Black Mist Zone is considered the outside world to the Black Mist Zone.”
Jiu Han nodded in understanding.
This explanation made sense.
“The reason why we subversives want to communicate with the outside world is to find a new path to transcendence.”
Therefore, the logic became completely clear.
The original supernatural system had serious flaws. No one wanted to cultivate a supernatural path that was severely restrained by the anomalies.
In the Black Mist Zone, the Source Power System dominated the mainstream. The supernatural paths of other anomalies were not systematic at all.
Therefore, the Subversives turned their attention to the outside world.
They wanted to obtain a supernatural path without any hidden dangers from the outside world.
After thinking for a long time, Jiu Han could not help but ask again, “How can you be sure that the outside world, connected by this array formation, has another systematic supernatural path of transcendence without flaws?”
Bai Zhe smiled slightly but remained silent.
From his expression, Jiu Han could tell that Bai Zhe was certain of this.
However, Bai Zhe did not want to say why he was certain of this.
Seeing this, Jiu Han did not dig further. He just looked at the grand array in front of him and stretched lazily.
“This is interesting…”
“If that’s the case, then I, the old man, will have no choice but to show some real abilities.”
Back in Jiu Han’s laboratory, standing beside Qing Jue.
Looking at the transparent divinity filled with array patterns in Qing Jue’s mind, Lu Ming slowly narrowed his eyes.
“I’m sorry.”
Muttering like this, Lu Ming slowly reached out his hand towards Qing Jue’s head.
His hand was like an illusory hand that pierced through Qing Jue’s flesh and reached directly into his skull.
Strictly speaking, the divinity did not exist in the physical body of a Divine Spirit Realm expert. Instead, it was located in a deep layer of space within the skull of a Divine Spirit Realm expert. However, this did not stop Lu Ming.
Not only did the high-level Void Realm had the effect of assisting cultivation, but it also allowed Lu Ming to proficiently use the power of time and space.
As a faint black light covered Lu Ming’s hand, very soon, Lu Ming touched the warm spherical crystal.
Lu Ming began to exert force.
As Lu Ming exerted force, Qing Jue’s body began to convulse wildly.
Even though the divinity was stable, it could not withstand the familiar array formation that Lu Ming applied, along with the use of brute force.
With a loud “bang.”
It was as if a string had been torn off by Lu Ming.
Lu Ming suddenly retracted his hand, and Qing Jue’s divinity, completely devoid of all energy, lay quietly in Lu Ming’s palm.
And in front of him, Qing Jue suddenly opened his eyes.
Their eyes met.. Before Lu Ming could say a word, Qing Jue’s entire body exploded with a “bang,” turning into dust and disappearing without a trace!


CHAPTER-362
Chapter 362: Physique Realm

“Losing the divinity in the Divine Spirit Realm leads to such consequences…”
Watching the dispersing figure of Qing Jue, Lu Ming muttered.
Death.
He was completely dead.
Through the grace of the Supreme God, one could obtain divinity and strength. And the price had been completely and truly revealed before Lu Ming. “Restrained by anomalies.”
“Bound by divinity.”
The power of the Divine Spirit Realm was bestowed by others, and the price was one’s life.
There was no need to discuss the fairness of such an exchange.
In any case, at this moment, Lu Ming had already decided not to ascend the Heaven Ascension Stairs, come what may…
After a moment of contemplation, Lu Ming spread out his hands and looked down.
Qing Jue’s divinity was about the size of a cherry.
This was actually only the size of the inner divinity.
When this divinity was complete, it was as large as a lychee—though the outer and middle layers of the divinity have no significance to Lu Ming’s research. Looking at the complicated array formations on the transparent divinity, Lu Ming vaguely saw the colorful stream of light at the center of the divinity.
Unfortunately, the lines of the array patterns were too dense, making it difficult for Lu Ming to see clearly the true appearance of the stream of light. “But this one’s easy.”
Lu Ming had been able to disassemble the divinity before, and now, Lu Ming could do it even more easily.
Destruction was always easier than creation.
His fingers bounced, leaving behind traces of afterimages.
With the surge of Lu Ming’s Source Power, the array formations on this divinity were slowly dismantled by Lu Ming.
One by one, layer by layer.
It was a pity that this job could not be brought to the Void Space to complete.
Lu Ming’s Void Space could not accommodate external objects.
But even so, it would take about a week.
The addition of Jiu Han accelerated the formation progress of the island’s great formation.
Perhaps due to the collision of different thoughts, sparks of inspiration were born. Several difficult problems that had troubled everyone were solved one by one after Jiu Han joined.
A week later, when Jiu Han finished drawing the last array pattern, the great array formation was completed and ready to be used.
Zero and the Insect Mother had already received the news in advance.
When Jiu Han completed the last step of the array formation, they were watching from the side.
When they saw the array formation begin to glow, Zero, the Insect Mother, and Bai Zhe, the three guardian gods could not help but breathe a sigh of relief.
They looked at each other. Soon, Bai Zhe said, “Start Immediately, or wait?” Zero gently licked the corner of his mouth and smiled,”Start immediately.” “There’s no need to wait for others. I can’t wait any longer, not even for a moment!”
Bai Zhe immediately nodded when he heard this. The Insect Mother also chuckled, covering her mouth and said, “Who isn’t?”
After speaking, the Insect Mother strode forward and walked directly to the center of the great formation, and sat cross-legged.
After drawing the array formation, Jiu Han retreated to Zero and Bai Zhe’s side.
Seeing that Zero had no intention of dispersing the onlookers around, Jiu Han brazenly prepared to see who these subversives were going to contact.
When he saw the Insect Mother walk into the array alone, Jiu Han narrowed his eyes.
Zero’s voice suddenly sounded in his ear.
“Have you heard of the term ‘Outer World Demon’?”
This sentence was directed at Jiu Han.
Jiu Han simply shook his head, “I don’t know what the Outer World Demon means.”
Zero continued, “That was many, many years ago before your Eternal Clan rose, no, it was before entering the Black Mist Zone.”
“The Insect Clan descended.”
“Actually, the descent of the Insect Clan is no different from the descent of any other Tribulation Transcenders in the past.”
A high tower and black mist appeared on the mother planet. The clansmen turned into zombies, the black mist slowly contracted, ultimately swallowing everything into the black mist…
“However, the problem is that the Insect Clan was already powerful enough before entering the Black Mist Zone.”
“They had their own power system, experts comparable to the Divine Spirit Realm, and vast territorial regions… The territory of the Insect Clan incorporated into the Black Mist Zone was just one of their colonial planets. The Insect Clan included in the Black Mist Zone was only a part of the Insect Clan in a broad sense.”
“At that time, the Insect Clan was regarded as an alien species, a demon that invaded from the outside, abbreviated as the Outer World Demons.”
Jiu Han raised his eyebrows, obviously unfamiliar with this history.
Zero continued, “This generation’s Origin Insect Mother was born in the Black Mist Zone and was not aware of the affairs of the Insect Clan in the Outer World. She also lost 99% of her relevant memories. I seriously suspect that someone has tampered with it… However, it’s not important anymore.”
“Due to the extreme antiquity of the era, almost nothing can be found about what happened after the Insect Clan entered the Black Mist Zone. It can only be confirmed that the original supernatural system of the Insect Clan has been assimilated by the Source Power system in the Black Mist Zone.”
“After assimilation, the Insect Clan slowly shed the title of Outer World demons and were gradually accepted by the myriad races in the Black Mist Zone.”
“And what we have to do now… You can guess it without me saying.”
Jiu Han had indeed guessed it.
This long-range communication array had the function of bloodline communication. Through this array formation, the Insect Mother could contact the Insect Clan members outside and obtain a flawless path of transcendence without defects.
There was a “Buzz!”
As a large amount of Source Power and Divine Source was poured into the grand array, the array patterns of the grand array immediately flickered.
The light became more and more intense, and the Insect Mother sitting in the array formation, also felt its blood gradually boiling. At the same time, its consciousness drifted, as if it had ascended to immortality in broad daylight.
Outside the array, Jiu Han could clearly see a large amount of light enveloping the Origin Insect Mother.
Suddenly, there was a loud bang.
The space above the grand array instantly collapsed, and an illusory shadow that was like a black hole appeared above the array.
An obscure voice sounded from inside.
“Kindred? Strangely, the aura fluctuation doesn’t seem like my kindred…”
“Oh, little one in the Physique Realm, why did you contact the great Lord Deun?”
Hearing this voice, everyone present was stunned.
Firstly, the language used in this voice is the common language within the Black Mist Zone—clear and authentic.
Secondly, this so-called Lord Deun called the Insect Mother a little one in the Physique Realm…
Although the Insect Mother in the array was still not the main body, this clone also had the strength of the Divine Spirit Realm—it did not have divinity, but there was a huge amount of Divine Source in its body.
Physique Realm?
As the Insect Mother muttered, she heard Lord Den’s voice gain from above.
“The blood pattern has yet to spiritualize. If you’re not in the Physique Realm, what realm are you in?”
“But it’s so strange. The spiritual qi in your body seems to bear the imprint of a higher existence…”
“Oh? This is… His mark!?”
Lord Deun said the words “His mark” in an exceptionally loud tone.
One could hear a strong sense of caution and wariness in Lord Deun”s tone.
In the next second, the light of the array formation kept flickering like a broken light bulb.
Lord Deun’s voice sounded again. “1 can’t interfere in this matter. You’re on your own, good luck…”
Clearly, the other party was prepared to take the initiative to hang up.
The Insect Mother immediately panicked.
“I know that there’s something wrong with my strength system! I’m not asking for anything else, just asking you to give me a flawless path of transcendence!”
“On the account of our blood connection!”
There was a “Snap” sound.
A shimmering ball descended from the sky and smashed into the Insect Mother’s head.
Lord Deun’s voice sounded again, “Consider this a gift, in consideration of our bloodline connection…”
“And also, don’t contact me in the future..”


CHAPTER-363
Chapter 363: Purification

The black hole above the grand array collapsed in an instant.
The light of the array formation also extinguished at the same time.
The outer world expert named Lord Deun, voluntarily severed the communication, as if the Insect Mother was an ominous presence, and any further contact with it would bring bad luck.
A silence fell in the underground space, and everyone remained silent as if contemplating something.
Until Zero snorted coldly.
“Looks like we’re really in big trouble.”
After saying this, he looked at the Insect Mother.
“However, it doesn’t matter if it’s troublesome or not. No matter how troublesome it is, we have to find a solution to it… Ona, try again, see if you can contact other outsider kin.”
Ona, or the Insect Mother, nodded slightly.
With the infusion of the Source Stones and Divine Source into the array once again, the array emitted light again.
However, this time, Ona did not receive any response.
After several attempts, the Insect Mother shook its head solemnly, “No, I was not able to contact other kin.”
Transmitting information from the Black Mist Zone to the outside world was already a considerably difficult task.
The first contact with Lord Deun was partly because Deun and Ona shared the same bloodline, and partly because Deun was powerful—although they did not know how strong he was, addressing the Insect Mother as a little one indicated considerable strength.
And now, Lord Deun obviously did not want to get involved in the mess of the Black Mist Zone, rendering this formation essentially meaningless.
“But it’s not entirely in vain.” Bai Zhe raised his chin and pointed to the crystal held in the Insect Mother’s hand. “At least, we got this.”
As everyone looked at the crystal in the Insect Mother’s hand, Zero sighed and said, “What a pity. If we could find reinforcements from the outer world or if Lord Deun said more, our troubles would be much less.”
“But forget it. These things are beyond our control.”
“Let’s see what’s in the crystal first before proceeding to the next step according to plan.”
With that, Zero and Bai Zhe walked towards the Insect Mother.
Seeing this, Jiu Han thought for a moment and trotted after the two.
At this point, how could Jiu Han restrain his curiosity?
Almost at the same time.
In the Boshi Tower of Xuanshui City.
Looking at the divinity in his hand, Lu Ming saw that only the last layer of the divinity array formation was left.
Thin array patterns covered the colorful light spots at the core.
At this moment, Lu Ming did not break the last level of the array patterns. This was because once he broke the array patterns, Lu Ming was afraid of unexpected changes. This way, Lu Ming could already see the full appearance of the thing inside the core of the divinity.
It was a tiny eye, shimmering with colorful light…
No, more precisely, it was a flat, colorful eye-shaped pattern.
So what’s this thing?
Is the main purpose of divinity to nurture this thing?
Uncertain about what this eye-shaped pattern was, its purpose, or its significance… Therefore, at this moment, Lu Ming was somewhat puzzled.
But soon, Lu Ming’s eyes widened.
This was because the more he looked at it, the more he felt that this thing was somewhat similar to the blood pattern of the eye of flesh and blood…
No, its not just a resemblance; apart from being smaller, the two are exactly the same!
In that case…
Thinking of this, Lu Ming’s train of thought suddenly became clear.
The blood pattern is the core of divinity!
This is the true form of divinity!
However, after prying into the true form of divinity, Lu Ming discovered an even bigger problem.
There’s a big problem with the Heaven Ascension Stairs and the Source Power System.
The Divine Spirit Realm is basically equivalent to a pig. The meaning of their existence is to help the Supreme God nurture the blood patterns within the divinity.
So, if I want to continue to increase my strength… Can I still take this path?
After contemplating for a moment, Lu Ming had an answer.
I can walk halfway…
Yes, only halfway!
It could only be halfway!
Creating divinity was possible; Lu Ming could already reshape divinity. What he lacked was integrating his own blood pattern into divinity—and on how to do that, Lu Ming actually had some ideas.
In short, this was not difficult for Lu Ming.
In other words, at this moment, as long as Lu Ming wanted to, he could completely embark on the path of an Outer Dao God that Jiu Han had designed for him.
It was just divinity, it was not a big deal.
However, the problem was that creating divinity required a massive amount of Divine Source. And, after the successful creation of divinity, an abundant source power environment was also needed.
As for things like Source Power and Divine Source, they have a big problem…
Speaking of which, it made one’s scalp tingle.
Lu Ming and Jiu Han initially thought that the biggest challenge of the path of an Outer Dao God lay in the structure of the divinity.
However, after Lu Ming studied everything thoroughly, he came to a realization…
There was something fundamentally wrong with this Source Power system.
If there was a problem with the source power, then everything under the source power system would be problematic…
How do I deal with this?
At this moment, Lu Ming was in a dilemma…
A moment later, Lu Ming seemed to have thought of something and he suddenly froze.
Is this Source Power and Divine Source really a problem for me?
This made Lu Ming realize one thing…
He was special… No, that was not right. It should be said that the system was special.
And regarding the point of ‘source power having a problem,’ Lu Ming suddenly thought of two things…
Firstly, he could absorb Divine Source, but others could not.
To be precise, the system could absorb the Divine Source of others, and even the Divine Source of the Supreme Gods in the inner layer of the divinity.
This was something no one else could achieve.
Secondly, his three silver patterns were mutated silver patterns.
Speaking of which, this was very easy for Lu Ming to overlook—after all, after he became Jiu Han’s disciple, he had already decided to only walk the path of blood patterns and he had never paid attention to silver patterns or even source power skills.
Now, thinking about it again, Lu Ming realized that his silver patterns were also different from the silver patterns of others.
His silver patterns were formed through the accumulation of special effects of low-level Source Power Skills.
Jiu Han had also tested it before. His Divine Source could not even pry open Lu Ming’s three mutated silver patterns.
At that time, Jiu Han attributed this characteristic of Lu Ming to his special constitution.
But Lu Ming knew very well—it was the system’s doing.
It was the system that had helped Lu Ming cultivate silver patterns in an almost impossible cultivation method.
It was also because of the system that Lu Ming’s silver patterns could not be manipulated by the Divine Source…
So, can I understand it this way?
All the Source Power and Divine Source that I absorbed have been ‘tampered with’ by the system, or rather, filtered. That’s why my silver patterns are so special…
Lu Ming could not verify this speculation.
Unconsciously, he opened his attribute panel.
As Lu Ming’s gaze swept over the attribute panel, he was suddenly stunned.
The originally rippling red light on the attribute panel had turned white at some point.
The white color gave Lu Ming a sense of calm and tranquility.
This caused Lu Ming to be dazed and have such a realization.
My speculation is correct.
My strength has been purified and filtered, it is clean!


CHAPTER-364
Chapter 364: Blood Patterns Spiritualization!

It was hard to describe what kind of feeling this was.
Perhaps this was the tacit understanding between the host and the system.
With just a change of light, the system conveyed a signal to Lu Ming, and Lu Ming understood this signal.
Of course, more importantly…
Lu Ming trusted the system.
This was an absolute trust!
Without the system, Lu Ming could not have come this far. And without the system, Lu Ming might have long died in some corner of Nanxiang City.
It could even be said that Lu Ming’s life was given to him by the system.
At this moment, there was obviously something not quite right with the situation.
Lu Ming was eager to find a new path to enhance his strength.
And in such a desperate situation, who else could Lu Ming trust other than the system?
His thoughts instantly became clear.
Lu Ming was no longer conflicted.
He slowly clenched his fists, his expression solemn as he muttered to himself. “Then let’s start immediately!”
As soon as he finished speaking, Lu Ming sat cross-legged and entered the void space.
On the island outside the continent.
Zero, the Insect Mother, Bai Zhe, and Jiu Han formed a circle. In the center of the circle was the crystal given by Lord Deun.
After thinking for a moment, Zero stretched out his hand and infused source power into the crystal—the crystal did not respond.
Then, he changed his train of thought and infused Divine Source into the crystal.
This time, his operation seemed to be correct.
The crystal suddenly emitted a bright light. From the light, a large amount of information directly flowed into the minds of the surrounding four people in an unknown form.
Even with the strength of the four of them, they were a little dizzy from the massive flow of information and took a good half a day to recover.
After that, surprise, shock, and ecstasy flashed across the eyes of the four people.
Zero raised an eyebrow, “Find a place to discuss?”
The other three nodded and said, “Certainly.”
About three minutes later, the few of them arrived at the underground base’s restaurant.
A waiter served coffee and snacks, and left.
In order to ensure that nothing went wrong, Zero again set up several layers of barriers in this place. After ensuring no one could eavesdrop, Zero took the lead to speak.
“Lord Deun is quite particular. The information he provided us is very valuable.”
After Zero finished speaking, the other three nodded in unison.
Zero continued.
“I said, you guys check for the shortfall.”
“Alright!”
“Firstly, there’s the issue of Source Power and Divine Source. Lord Deun clearly said that the Source Power and Divine Source here have personal imprints… Moreover, they belong to an existence that even Lord Deun doesnjt want to mess with.”
“In short, any energy related to source power in this place is toxic. If you ingest it, you will be controlled by someone else.”
After Zero spoke, the other three nodded with solemn expressions.
This was explicitly mentioned in the crystal given by Lord Deun.
“Secondly, regarding how to purify the Source Power and Divine Source in this place… The method given by Lord Deun is very simple…”
“Formation,” Jiu Han said on behalf of Zero.
When it came to array formations, Jiu Han had the most say among the four.
“That array formation is very complicated and requires a lot of materials. Although there are all kinds in the Black Mist Zone, we don’t have much stock of certain materials.”
After saying this, Jiu Han paused for a moment and continued, “Moreover, even if an array formation is set up, it can only be used by one person…”
In other words, there were only a few superhumans who could purify source power, and the quantity would not be large.
After Jiu Han finished speaking, the four people present fell silent.
Soon, Zero whispered, “Can we set up four of them?”
Jiu Han was slightly stunned. He thought for a moment and nodded. “Yes.”
“Then let’s set up four first and then discuss other matters later.”
Zero made the decision and said, “Lastly, it’s about the cultivation method.”
“Lord Deun didn’t provide specific methods. He just explained the cultivation path of ordinary superhumans.”
And for them, this was sufficient.
Which one of the people present was not a powerhouse? They did not need specific cultivation techniques at all. As long as there was an explanation of the principle, or rather, a general outline, they could completely create many cultivation techniques.
“The concept given by Lord Deun is still the Source Power Extraordinary System. Perhaps the environment in the outer world is also an environment rich in Source Power, so the Source Power System naturally dominates.”
“As for the classification of cultivation realms outside, it’s also divided into five stages.”
“Mortal, Physique, Spirit, Source, Ancient, five stages.”
After saying this, Zero fell silent for a moment before saying, “Mortal realm, basic realm.”
“This realm mainly focuses on body tempering and adapting the body to source power. Before cultivating the blood pattern, everyone will be a mortal realm superhuman.”
After saying this, Zero paused again.
Clearly, he found the classification of this realm somewhat unbelievable.
The birth of the blood patterns in the Black Mist Zone was equivalent to a quasi-god.
However, in the outside world, he had only barely reached the Physique Realm standard.
“Physique Realm, the realm of body forging.”
“You can simply and crudely divide the small realms in the Physique Realm based on the number of blood patterns, but this is not important.”
“Actually, even if there’s only one blood pattern, one can still advance to the Spirit Realm…”
“The key to advancing from the Physique Realm to the Spirit Realm lies in the spiritualization of the Blood pattern.”
“With the superior energy of Source Power, Spiritual Energy, which is Divine Source…”
Yes, outside the realm, Divine Source had another name—Spiritual Energy.
“Using spiritual power to nourish the blood patterns and making blood patterns spiritualized, thus achieving the Spirit Realm and obtaining incredible power!”
As for the specifics of how incredible this power was, Zero did not know.
However, since Lord Deun said it, he repeated it.
Lord Deun also provided the method of spiritualizing blood patterns—it was also an array formation.
With this in mind, the gazes of Zero and the other two turned to Jiu Han again.
Facing their eyes, Jiu Han could not help but smile bitterly, “The difficulty of this array formation is even greater than an array formation that purifies source power.”
“But with the combined efforts of everyone, we might be able to complete it…”
With that said, Jiu Han paused for a moment before continuing, “But my focus is not on this but on this array formation. I’ve studied it…”
As soon as Jiu Han finished speaking, Zero and the two of them were stunned.
“You’ve studied it. What do you mean?”
Jiu Han sighed and said, “It means that the array formation given by Deun is an array formation engraved on our divinity.”
“The only difference is that the blood patterns nurtured at the core of the divinity are not ours, but someone else’s…”
As soon as he finished speaking, everyone fell into silence.
Entering the void space again, Lu Ming once again constructed his divinity.
With the experience of success, this success was undoubtedly a matter of course for Lu Ming. All he needed was time.
The only difficulty was probably how to integrate his blood patterns into the divinity.
Lu Ming tried and found that it wasn’t that difficult.
He slightly modified the array formation of the divinity, allowing it to have the ability to attract blood patterns.
This was not even a threshold in front of the level 10,000 Dao of array formation.
In just a day, Lu Ming had already arrived at the door of success.
Meanwhile, In the outside world, the Mother Tree stood at the entrance of the maze, looking at the maze array ahead,a bitter smirk on her lips.
“I’ve finally found you!”