CHAPTER-255
Chapter 255: Accumulation and Precipitation

As soon as Zhang Chengcheng and the others left, the area around Lu Ming became much quieter.
Of course, this was not a big deal or a bad thing for Lu Ming. The fewer people around him, the more comfortable Lu Ming felt.
But occasionally, he would think of Zhang Chengcheng’s voice and appearance.
As for trivial matters like cooking, they were naturally taken care of by Roda, given that he was the City Lord of a city and had many servants.
Oh, right.
And there was Roxin…
This girl came to look for Lu Ming early in the morning, trying to indirectly inquire about Zhang Chengcheng’s situation.
Who knew if she had figured something out…
In short, Roxin had added a touch of color to Lu Ming’s simple life.
However, Lu Ming’s priority now was cultivation.
There was nothing more important than cultivation.
The 240th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Inside the Void Space.
As Lu Ming slowly finished his cultivation, heat flowed back and forth within Lu Ming’s strong body.
In the outside world, a fist-sized Flamestone gradually lost its luster, becoming dull gray.
“Phew.”
Lu Ming exhaled a breath of air, a hint of joy flashing between his eyebrows.
“My Body Forging Technique has leveled up!”
With the twenty-four-fold increase in cultivation speed in the Void Space, Lu Ming managed to raise his Flame Body Forging Technique to the next level in just a few days!
Opening the attribute panel, Lu Ming’s greatly increased attributes came into view.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Physique Realm, Level 5.
Strength: 84300
Physique: 84300
Agility: 84300
Free Attribute Points: 52300
Divine Source Points: 44
Flame Body Forging Technique (Mastery) (0/100,000): Physique Realm Body Forging Technique. This secret technique requires the assistance of Flamestones during cultivation. Only when the power of flame enters the body can one temper the physique!
You have mastered the cultivation of the Flame Body Forging Technique. In the Mastery stage, each cycle will increase your three-dimensional attributes by 10 points and grant you 10 free attribute points. It also consumes one unit of Flamestone.
In the Mastery stage of the Flame Body Forging Technique, each cycle can provide Lu Ming with 10 points in all attributes.
This meant that Lu Ming’s efficiency in farming attributes had increased again!
After leaving the Void Space, he ate, washed up, and used the restroom.
At the same time, he informed his servants to continue purchasing the Flamestones.
The servants also reported to Lu Ming what had happened in Archean City during this period of time.
In summary, nothing major had occurred.
With Roda, Uncle Lu, and Quan Chao, these three Spirit Realm experts holding down the fort, Archean City was stable. As for the rumors of war that He Qing had mentioned, there was still no sign of it.
“So, I should have some decent time for development.”
Muttering to himself, Lu Ming returned to the Void Space to continue his cultivation.
The 243rd day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Standing inside the Void Space, Lu Ming’s entire body was flickering with alternating red and blue light.
At some point, the two-colored light gradually dimmed and slowly shrank and entered into Lu Ming’s body.
“It’s done…”
Opening his eyes, Lu Ming let out a long breath.
The so-called success was referring to the Divine Fire Shield, a Physique Realm’s Body Protection Technique that had been cultivated to the highest level.
In other words, the Divine Power Realm!
Divine Fire Shield (Divine): Physique Realm Protective Technique. Its defense is slightly weak, but it can counter-injure the enemy.
You have already cultivated the Divine Fire Shield to a near-perfect level, close to the Dao!
“You have grasped the Divine Fire Shield of the Divine Power Realm. All your attributes+1,000, and your free attribute points+i,ooo!”
Additional Special Effect: Defense Enhancement: Largely increases the defense of the Divine Fire Shield!
The Perfect-Micro-Level Realm Divine Fire Shield provided Lu Ming with 150 attribute points.
The Micro-Level Realm Divine Fire Shield provided Lu Ming with 800 points of all attributes.
Coupled with the previous 50 points in all attributes, this meant that Lu Ming could obtain a total of 1,000 points in all attributes and 1,000 free attribute points from cultivating a Physique Realm Source Power Skill to perfection.
Of course, attributes were not the most important thing.
The key was on the additional effect of the Divine Power Realm Source Power Skill!
You can obtain the following feedback from the Divine Fire Shield of the Divine Power Realm.
Your cultivation speed for the next level of the same type of Source Power Skill (Physique Realm Body Protection Technique) will increase by tenfold!
Note: This special effect is not tiring.
The Divine Fire Barrier of the Divine Power Realm has already become your divine power, your instinct! The Divine Power Realm’s Divine Fire Barrier will permanently provide an eternal effect of burning with flame energy for your body protection technique!”
This was what Lu Ming really wanted!
“Increase in cultivation speed, and the special effect of burning with flames…”
This also meant that when Lu Ming cultivated the next Body Fortification technique, he would obtain the dual effects of Increased Defense and Flame Force Burning!
Lu Ming had already experienced the benefits of Defense Enhancement. Based on this, he deduced that the effect of the Flame Force Burning would not be any less powerful.
As I cultivate more Divine Realm Source Power skills, my Source Power skills will become more and more powerful!”
Each Divine Realm Source Power skill came with an additional special effect.
Sooner or later, Lu Ming’s Source Power skills would eventually come with endless special effects, and these special effects alone would be enough to crush most enemies.
So, even though the efficiency of these offensive Source Power Skills is far inferior to the Body Forging technique, they still have a certain cultivation value.”
Strength could be divided into power and skills.
Power was the attributes.
Skills were techniques.
Li De and Flame Heart had already proven to Lu Ming that under the same physical conditions, having strength without skill would only make one a punching bag.
Of course, Lu Ming could choose to pursue pure strength and completely disregard skill – as someone with a system, he had the ability to do so.
“However, it’s still better to have both hands strong.”
“Without weaknesses, it’s easier to deal with any situation, any circumstance.”
Muttering to himself, Lu Ming left the Void Space and returned to the outside world.
Standing up from the mat, Lu Ming approached his bed and took out his treasure chest from under the bed.
Opening it, a large number of Source Power Skill sealing balls fell into Lu Ming’s view.
“So, what should I choose for my third body protective technique?”
Lu Ming first chose the Spirit Realm Body protective technique.
After all, the higher the level of the Source Power Skill, the stronger the combat effectiveness.
Moreover, Lu Ming had already raised the Divine Fire Shield to the Divine Power Realm, and with the cultivation speed boost, the rate at which he could cultivate Spirit Realm protective techniques would not be slow.
However, as he searched through the options, Lu Ming gradually furrowed his brows.
“That’s not good…”
He suddenly noticed a problem that he had overlooked before.
“Spirit Realm Source Power skills are not just protective techniques, but almost all types of Spirit Realm Source Power skills require the use of Spirit Pressure to unleash their full power.”
“And I don’t have Spiritual Pressure.”
That did not mean Lu Ming could not cultivate and use high-level Source Power skills; it just meant the effects would be significantly weaker.
They might be slightly better than Physique Realm Source Power skills, but their superiority was likely limited.
For most people, pursuing higher-level Source Power skills would be the logical choice – after all, stronger was better.
But Lu Ming did not think that way…
“For me, there’s another issue.”
“The efficiency of attribute acquisition.”
“When I cultivated Physique Realm Source Power skills in the Mortal Realm, I gained significantly fewer attributes compared to cultivating Physique Realm Source Power skills in the Physique Realm.”
Because when Lu Ming advanced to the Physique Realm, the system had undergone a comprehensive update.
He reckoned that when he advanced to the Spirit Realm, the system would update once again.
“So, for me, it’s more worth it to continue cultivating Physique Realm Source Power Skills.”
After thinking for a long time, Lu Ming decisively nodded and stopped dwelling on the matter.
“Physique Realm Source Power Skills it is. It doesn’t matter anyway. As long as I can gain attributes and add special effects, I can’t go wrong.”
Grasping a Source Power skill sealing ball, Lu Ming’s consciousness quickly sank into the inner space of the sealing ball..


CHAPTER-256
Chapter 256: Accumulation and Precipitation (2)

Great Mountain Body Protection Technique (Novice) (1/100): Physique Realm Body Protection Technique, known for its powerful defense and recoil ability.
“You have tentatively grasped the application of the Great Mountain Body Protection Technique. Your overall attributes+1 point, and your free attribute points+1 point.”
Additional special effect: Increases defense, Flame Vigor Burning.
The characteristic of the Great Mountain Body Protection Technique was the repulsive force!
In fact, both the Source Power Armor and the Divine Fire Shield possess this repulsive force effect, but neither of them was as strong as the Great Mountain Body Protection Technique.
The crucial difference is that neither of them, even when mastered to the Divine Realm, can provide Lu Ming with the repulsive force feature.
So, in order to acquire this feature, Lu Ming simply sought out a protective technique that specialized in repulsive force.
Back in the Void Space, Lu Ming activated the Great Mountain Body Protection Technique.
As a faint earthy-yellow halo appeared on Lu Ming’s body, red and blue lights were mixed within the yellow light.
He knocked hard on the Body Protective Light Mask.
Hard.
Resilient.
Hot.
In short, Lu Ming’s Great Mountain Body Protection Technique was now completely different from the conventional one.
The 244th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Just over a day after acquiring it, Lu Ming’s Great Mountain Body Protection Technique had already reached the Micro-Level Realm.
Yes, the Micro-Level Realm!
The combination of the Void Realm, Vigor, and Divine Realm effects had greatly accelerated his cultivation!
Of course, this was also because the protective technique was easy to cultivate.
And accompanying its upgrade was the Explosive Fist.
The Divine Realm Explosive Fist!
Explosive Fist (Divine Realm): A Source Power skill of the Mortal Realm, which greatly enhances the punching power when mastered. You’ve taken Explosive Fist to a near-legendary level of proficiency that was close to the Dao!
You can gain the following benefits from the Divine Realm Explosive Fist:
Your cultivation speed for the next level of the same type of Source Power Skill (Physique Realm Fist Technique) will increase by tenfold!
2: The Divine Realm Explosive Fist has already become your divine power and your instinct, and will permanently provide the special effect of Annihilation Explosion to your fist technique!
The so-called Annihilation Explosion was a terrifying destructive characteristic of the Micro-Level Realm Explosion Fist.
After mastering the Divine Realm Explosive Fist, Lu Ming would have this special effect on every Fist Technique Source Power Skill in the future.
After rummaging through the treasure chest, Lu Ming found another Physique Realm Fist Technique Source Power Skill.
After returning to the Void Space, Lu Ming pondered.
“Breathing technique, Body Forging technique, and Body Protective technique, these three are indispensable.”
The Breathing technique was for leveling up, the Body Forging technique enhanced one’s physical fitness, and the Body Protective technique was the main defensive method. All three were essential for any extraordinary individual.
“But when it comes to offensive Source Power skills, there are various options.”
Offensive Source Power skills were categorized in many ways.
There were Fist, Sword, Saber, Palm, Finger, long-range attack, and so on.
“1 have the potential to excel in everything.”
Thanks to the system, Lu Ming’s cultivation speed was incredibly fast. He had the ability to become a master of weapons, mastering all eighteen types.
“But for now, specializing temporarily is the optimal choice for me.”
“Fist technique for close combat.”
Combined with Lu Ming’s extraordinary physical strength, Lu Ming’s fists would definitely be invincible!
“Of course, there will definitely be times when I need to attack from afar.”
He opened his attribute panel and looked at the line of words: Mortal Realm Source Power Skill: Spiritual Energy Bullet Rain (Mastery) (3.5W/IOW).
“So, Fist technique and ranged attacks.”
“Next, it’s the two of you.”
Thunderous Vigor (Entry) (1/100): A Physique Realm Source Power Skill. After learning it, the speed of one’s punches will increase significantly, comparable to wind and lightning!
“You have preliminary grasped the usage of the Thunderous Vigor. Your overall attributes+1, free attribute points+1!”
Additional special effect: Annihilation Explosion.
The 255th Day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming had cultivated the Great Mountain Body Protection Technique to the Divine Realm.
Special Effect obtained: Enhanced Repulsive Force!
Lu Ming chose another Physique Realm Body Protective Technique.
Vitality Protective Curse.
The effect was that after using it, the Body Protective Light could nourish the body and slowly heal the injuries of the body.
The 267th Day of the Black Mist Calendar.
The Vitality Protective Spell reached the Divine Power Realm, obtaining the special effect: Nourishment.
Lu Ming chose another Physique Realm Body Protective Technique.
Spirit Light Shield.
It was a special protective technique that did not have any physical defense but could effectively defend against mental and soul attacks.
The 279th Day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Spirit Light Shield advanced to the Divine Realm and obtained the special effect: Soul Protection.
Lu Ming chose another Physique Realm Body Protective Technique.
The 293rd Day of the Black Mist Calendar.
The Spiritual Energy Bullet Rain and the Thunderous Vigor advanced to the Divine Power Realm simultaneously!
A tenfold increase in cultivation speed was inevitable.
Additionally, the two abilities also produced two Source Power Skill special effects.
The Spiritual Energy Bullet Rain’s additional effect was: Enhanced Long-range Power.
While Thunderous Vigor’s additional effect was: High-Speed Fist.
The special effect of long-range power enhancement was simple and crude, and there was no need for much explanation.
The High Speed Fist was a special effect that could increase Lu Ming’s punching speed.
Lu Ming’s fist speed was already fast. Coupled with this special effect, the speed of his fist light could be said to have transformed!
He chose a long-range attack Source Power Skill and a fist technique Source Power Skill.
Archery Technique, Hundred Beasts (Novice) (1/100): Physique Realm Source Power Skill. A special archery attack method! Arrows shot with this method will carry the might of 100 beasts and produce a miraculous effect like a spiritual pressure to shock the enemy!
Additional special effect: Long-range power enhancement.
Eighth Level Fist (Beginner) (1/100): Physique Realm Source Power Skill. A fist technique that fuses the eight levels of strength into one and greatly increases the power of the fist force!
Additional special effect: Annihilation Explosion, High Speed Fist.
In simple terms, Lu Ming was no longer cultivating Source Power skills for attribute gains. He was doing it to acquire related special effects when the techniques reached the Divine Realm.
These special effects stacked on top of each other.
Taking Lu Ming’s skills to unimaginable heights!
Currently, Lu Ming had acquired six special effects for his Body Protective techniques.
And his defensive capabilities made it clear to him that this path was definitely worth pursuing.
330th Day of the Black Mist Calendar.
After nearly a hundred days of arduous cultivation, Lu Ming was still in seclusion, pushing for higher levels and greater strength!
In the City Lord Residence, Roda had completed the Divine Blood Conversion and began to explore the inherited Source Power skills left behind by King Lin.
Inside the Archean City, everything remained calm, as if nothing had happened.
The Land God Association, represented by Quan Chao, and the City Lord Manor, represented by Uncle Lu, worked together to manage the entire Archean City in an orderly manner.
No one knew.
The flames of war in the distance had already gradually spread over.
The monster called the Blood Flesh Mother Tree gently flapped its wings from thousands of miles away and was about to stir up a storm in Archean City and the Hundred Thousand Mountains!
On the black grasslands.
A few ferocious and terrifying zombies quickly rushed into the distance. From the speed of their feet and the spiritual light emitted from their bodies, these zombies surprisingly possessed the strength of the Spirit Realm!
However, their expressions at this moment did not have the demeanor of experts.
They occasionally glanced back, looking panicked as if there were deadly ghosts behind them.
Until a faint light emanated from behind them.
In the next second, these zombies stood still…
Bloodlines slowly emanated from various parts of their bodies.
They collapsed rapidly like building blocks, cut into countless thumb-sized pieces by an attack from an unknown source!
At this point, a voice sounded.
“Blade, your temper is too violent. We agreed to leave someone alive, but you ended up killing them ail.”
After the voice sounded, someone slowly approached from a distance.
It was a giant.
He was more than ten meters tall, like a small mountain.
He wore crude animal skins, and his skin underneath had a bronze color but was covered in scars.
Just by looking at him, one could sense his strength, unshakeable nature, and fierce combat abilities.
A Giant Race’s Source Realm expert, Hao Huang!
Hearing Hao Huang’s words, another cold and stern female voice sounded from midair.
“A bunch of trash, they probably didn’t know anything important, If they’re killed, so be it…”
A graceful figure descended from the sky.
She had almost perfect facial features and a well-proportioned figure. She was dressed in a black three-piece leather outfit.
Coupled with her cold demeanor, it made one’s imagination run wild.
However, upon closer inspection, one could see that this woman had three pairs of thin cicada wings growing on her back.
Even the leather outfit on her body was a shell that grew from within her body!
A Source Realm expert of the Insect Clan : Queen Blade!
As soon as she finished speaking, Queen Blade’s expression changed. She looked at Hao Huang and said coldly, “Moreover, do 1 need you to teach me how to do things?!”
“How can you judge my temper?!”
“If you speak out of turn again, I’ll kill you too!”
Hao Huang immediately narrowed his eyes, with an unfriendly expression.
“Alright, alright, stop arguing…”
Further behind, a voice that could not be discerned as male or female eased the tension.
Eight-headed Spirit Realm human-headed monsters were carrying a large sedan chair and quickly approaching from a distance.
In the sedan chair, a small tree with a human head spoke as it swayed its branches at Hao Huang and the Queen Blade.
This was the Nth clone of the Mother Tree.
The small tree looked at Hao Huang and Queen Blade and said earnestly, emphasizing, “We’re all partners. There’s no need to argue. Our goal this time is the Undead Race. Before we find the purpose of the Undead coming to the Hundred Thousand Mountains, everyone, let’s try to get along.”
“Let’s talk about other things after the matter is settled.”
Hao Huang and the Queen Blade fell silent..


CHAPTER-257
Chapter 257: Trouble

Before He Qing left, he briefly explained the situation outside the Black Grassland.
Due to the Mother Tree’s influence, the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan had joined forces to hunt the Undead Clan together.
The battle had turned into a war.
And the scale of the war continued to expand.
By now, the intensity of the war was no longer a small matter. Source Realm experts could be seen almost everywhere on the main battlefield, and even battles between Ancient Realm individuals occurred from time to time.
Even though the gods had not participated, the current situation could still be called a full-scale war.
Anyone with discerning eyes knew that the cooperation between the Insect Clan and the Giant Clan was harmonious on the surface.
But, due to the Mother Tree’s mediation, this cooperation could still be maintained to a certain extent at an acceptable level.
This time, Hao Huang and Blade had come to the Hundred Thousand Mountains to hunt down a Source Realm expert of the Undead Clan, Esek.
They had received information that Esek had come to the Hundred Thousand Mountains on a secret mission.
That was why the scene unfolded as it did.
The Flesh Mother Tree, whether out of boredom or some other intention, promptly sent out an avatar to follow Hao Huang and Blade to this location.
“Sub-base! I need to create a sub-base.”
Regarding its plans, at least on the surface, the Mother Tree was straightforward.
As she spoke, the human-headed monster carried the sapling off the palanquin and placed it on the Black Grassland.
The roots began to burrow down.
And the Mother Tree started absorbing nutrients.
This scene made Hao Huang could not help but speak up, “The plants on the Black Grassland are toxic. After absorbing the toxins in the black grass, it will severely disrupt the cultivation of superhumans.”
The Mother Tree replied with an “Oh”.
“But I’m not a superhuman… All I need is biomass.”
Of course, the black grass also contained biomass.
In addition, the Mother Tree was not afraid of the toxins in the black grass at all.
In short, this place was still useful to the Mother Tree.
“So, I’ll wait here for the good news from the two of you. 1’11 leave the matter of Esek to the two of you.”
Hao Huang replied, “Alright.”
Blade pursed his lips and said, “I can handle it myself!”
While eating, the Mother Tree smiled, “Cooperation leads to win-win situations. 1 wish you both success.”
Watching Hao Huang and the Blade walk away, the small tree’s eyes flashed.
“Let’s begin.”
Beside him, the eight human-headed monsters immediately set off. From the looks of it, their target seemed to be the depths of the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
At this moment, deep in the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
A member of the Undead Clan named Esek was slowly making his way further inward.
At the same time that the Queen of Blades was slaughtering the undead, Esek looked back as if sensing something.
The blond, blue-eyed, and human-looking Esek did not feel depressed about the death of his fellow undead. He just gently licked the corner of his mouth.
“Hehehe-”
“The Giant Clan, the Insect Clan…”
“Seeking a tiger’s skin, not knowing what’s good or bad for you, not knowing to advance or retreat.”
“Can you even control that thing?”
With that said, it turned around and continued to advance into the depths of the Hundred Thousand Mountains, muttering indistinctly.
“Soon, almost there…”
“All we need is just like this, just like this. According to Lord Undead’s instructions, that thing will undoubtedly bring the heaviest blow to both clans!”
“The early sacrifices were all necessary and were worth it.”
“And now, the day of counterattack is approaching!”
About an hour later.
Two figures descended from the sky and landed squarely in the City Lord Manor of Archean City.
Roda hurriedly came out and looked at the two unexpected visitors.
When he saw their faces, Roda took a deep breath.
He said respectfully, “Greetings to the two Lords of the Insect Clan and the Giant Clan.”
The Queen of Blades did not even look at Roda and remained silent.
Hao Huang calmly spoke, “Are you the leader here?”
Roda nodded, “Yes.”
“Tell your men to go to the Hundred Thousand Mountains and handle something for me. That’s all.”
Hao Huang did not say anything else.
As a Source Realm expert, all he had to do was make a request, and the City
Lord of this Archean City would have to do as he was told.
There was no reason.
And there was no room for refusal.
Because that was the rule in the entire Black Mist Zone.
Roda immediately nodded, “May 1 know what the lord wants us to do?”
“Find an undead named Esek, and this is what it looks like.”
Hao Huang waved his hand, and with the distortion of Source Power, Esek’s appearance was vividly displayed in front of Roda.
This scene made Roda gasp.
Such methods undoubtedly belonged to a Source Realm expert.
“Have you memorized it?” Hao Huang asked.
“Yes, I have memorized it,” Roda replied respectfully.
Hao Huang said, “Let me know when you find it. By the way, my partner and I don’t have a place to stay for now, so we’ll temporarily stay here. Do you have any objections?”
Luo Da opened his mouth, but he could only nod and say, “No objections.”
What objections could he have?
How dared he have any opinions?
The two Source Realm experts, Hao Huang and the Queen of Blades, were undoubtedly like two gods to Roda and the Archean City.
However, despite his humble status, Roda remained unruffled.
After all, no one knew that within his City Lord’s Mansion, there was another great deity in hiding.
However, Roda only informed Lu Ming about this matter, and he had no intention of bothering Lu Ming with anything else—after all, this was just a minor issue and did not pose any real crisis.
He would obediently help the Source Realm experts with their tasks and send them away after settling the matter. That would be the end of it.
He found Quan Chao and mobilized the power of the Land God Association and the explorers of Archean City to start the search for Esek.
Meanwhile, Hao Huang and the Queen Blade settled into the City Lord Manor.
To the Source Realm experts, everything beneath the Source Realm was insignificant.
This was probably the mentality of Hao Huang and Queen Blade at the moment.
As a result, their daily interactions came off as rather aloof.
However, from another perspective, aloofness also meant fewer troubles…
They simply waited in their rooms or ventured out to search in the Hundred Thousand Mountains themselves. The City Lord’s Manor was just a temporary place for them, and they had no interest in dealing with the lowly beings around them.
Therefore, a full week passed, and there was still no disturbance in the City Lord Manor.
On this day,
the 338th Day of the Black Mist Calendar.
During the routine daily briefing, Queen Blade, unusually, displayed some emotional fluctuations.
“Trash!”
She spoke to Roda in this manner, but all she received in response was silence.
Queen Blade did not say anything further or take any additional actions, as if calling Roda trash was already a significant concession on her part.
Beside her, Hao Huang furrowed his brow and shook his head, “Indeed, they’re trash. This Archean City is nothing more than a gathering of trash.”
Because for a full eight days, they had found no trace of Esek.
At this point, Roda said, “Two Lords, our people have already searched the periphery of the Hundred Thousand Mountains thoroughly but haven’t found a trace of Esek. 1 have a suspicion that Esek might have gone deeper into the Hundred Thousand Mountains. Could it be possible?”
Hao Huang immediately roared, “If you know, why haven’t you sent people to look for him!?”
Roda smiled bitterly and said, “We can’t search there. The depths of the Hundred Thousand Mountains are too dangerous, and our people are too weak. Sending them there would only result in more casualties.”
Hao Huang was at a loss.
While he could force these people to venture into the depths of the Hundred Thousand Mountains, what good would it do if they died in large numbers without achieving the goal?
“Forget it. 1 don’t think I can count on you guys for this matter.”
“Furthermore, our reinforcements from the clan are about to arrive. Prepare food and drink for them. You don’t need to worry about Esek anymore.”
As Hao Huang spoke, Queen Blade added calmly, “Prepare an empty space and a large amount of blood food. Our Insect Clan will build a nest here.”
Roda remained silent for a long time before nodding and said, “I understand..”


CHAPTER-258
Chapter 258: Taking Over the Magpie’s Nest

At this point, Roda finally discovered a problem.
The Archean City was about to change hands.
Leaving aside the Giant Clan, just the mention of Queen Blade building a nest for her insects… Roda had never heard of such a thing that they were abandoning the insect nests in the process…
In any case, it seemed like he would probably not be the City Lord of Archean City for long.
“Well, I won’t be the City Lord anymore!”
Although there was some resentment in his heart, it wasn’t too much.
After all, he was about to finish absorbing King Lin’s inheritance, and he already had plans to seek revenge on his enemies once he returned to the Eternal Clan.
On the 339th Day of the Black Mist Calendar.
The main forces of the Giant Clan and Insect Clan had arrived.
The Giant Clan army that came to Archean City was the Third Legion under Hao Lie’s command.
The banners covered the sky, and the Giant Clan warriors, with an average height of over five meters, passed through the city gates of Archean City with great vigor and high morale.
There were over a hundred Spirit Realm experts and countless Physique Realm experts in the army, and their military might was at its peak.
The Spirit Realm Mother Insect under the Queen of Blade’s command also settled down outside Archean City.
One by one, the pale white Mother Insects, each about ten meters long and three meters high, resembling giant maggots, were squirming underground as soon as they landed.
When they had dug deep enough holes, with a “plop,” the entire Mother Insect burst open, and a pale yellow liquid substrate scattered all over the cave.filled the cave.
Engineers then crawled in and out, transporting the pre-prepared biomass into the cave.
As the liquid substrate continuously digested the biomass and obtained energy, one cyst after another sprouted from the substrate one after another and proliferated.
It would not take long for these seemingly cysts to hatch fearless Insect Clan warriors and wipe out all enemies for the great Queen Blade!
The arrival of the Insect Clan and Giant Clan brought some troubles and inconveniences to Lu Ming.
“You guys should move out. I’m requisitioning this City Lord Manor.”
Today, Hao Huang said this to Roda.
After a long silence, Roda nodded and walked out. He went straight to Lu Ming’s room and said to him,
“Brother Lu, if you don’t want to have any conflict with them, we should leave now.”
Lu Ming, who had returned from the Void Space, thought for a moment and simply stood up.
“Then let’s move out.”
Although it did not look good to be chased out, Lu Ming already had the intention to leave. Moving out now was not a big deal.
Moreover, Lu Ming had already made some preparations for this matter a long time ago
“Is the house outside ready?”
Roda nodded and said, “Mr. Quan Chao has already prepared a house for us,
and everything we need is available.”
Several days ago, Lu Ming had instructed Quan Chao to find a house in Archean City.
They were guarding against the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan.
Seeing Lu Ming had agreed, Roda thought for a moment and could not help but say, “Brother Lu, I think it’s indeed time for us to leave… 1 don’t mean leaving the City Lord’s Mansion, 1 mean leaving the Archean City and going through the Hundred Thousand Mountains to the Eternal Clan.”
Anyone with discerning eyes could tell that the current Archean City had already become a huge vortex.
No one could predict what would happen or what they would encounter inside it.
The best option right now was to run away and not worry about what was about to happen here. What did it have to do with me?
However, Lu Ming had a different idea.
“I understand your concerns, but right now, I indeed need some time to cultivate in seclusion.”
Lu Ming did not elaborate on the rest. He just opened his attribute panel and looked at his attribute pane.
After skimming through the three-dimensional attributes that had increased by ten times, Lu Ming looked directly at the column for the Body Protective technique column.
He saw that it clearly stated:
Diamond Shield (Novice) (l/ioo): Physique Realm Body Protection Technique.
Additional Special Effects: Enhanced Defense, Flame Vigor Burning, Enhanced Repulsive Force, Nourishment, Soul Protection, Cold Force Resistance, Thermonuclear Protection, Wind Element Protection, Thunder Element Protection, Earth Element Protection.
The additional special effects column was constantly flashing with a faint light.
There was another line of notes below:
Note: Additional special effects are currently being integrated. Please continue to cultivate the Body Protective technique and master more special effects, which will serve as a reference for integration…
A month ago, Lu Ming’s Body Protective technique had already undergone such changes.
There was no need for speculation because the attribute system had marked what needed to be said and what Lu Ming needed to do.
Lu Ming also wanted to see what exactly this special effects integration was.
“So, I still need some time.”
After saying this to Roda, Lu Ming thought for a moment before adding,
“And with me here, you guys can rest assured.”
Roda could not help but open his mouth.
He understood Lu Ming well and knew his style of doing things.
Lu Ming had always been a very humble and insecure person.
He would never boast.
But now, Lu Ming said that they could rest assured with him around… this made Roda vaguely think of something.
“Do you have confidence in defeating a Source Realm expert or even multiple Source Realm experts?” Roda asked quietly, his expression sly, as if he were being sneaky.”
Regarding this, Lu Ming only shrugged slightly, “I don’t know as I’ve never fought them before, but it’s probably possible.”
Roda brought his people out of the City Lord Manor.
Lu Ming, Roda, Roxin, and Uncle Lu.
There were only four of them in total, along with some luggage and treasures.
As for the servants in the City Lord Manor, they were all taken over by Hao Huang—he indeed needed some servants to serve him.
It was not until they walked out of the City Lord’s Manor that Lu Ming turned around and looked at the highest point of the manor.
Over there, the Giant Clan member named Hao Huang and the Insect Clan Queen named Queen Blade stood side by side, overlooking their group.
Their six eyes met, and the three sides were expressionless.
It was not until Lu Ming had walked farther away that Hao Huang spoke, “That person is the only one in this City Lord Manor that I can’t figure out”
“On the surface, this person’s strength is completely insignificant. However, every time something big happens, Roda will always look for him immediately. I observed for a while and confirmed that this person is not a strategist or anything like that. So the only explanation is that this person is hiding his strength.”
Beside him, the Queen of Blade burst out laughing.
As she used a small knife to meticulously groom her nails, she said disdainfully, “Hiding his strength? Why, is he a Source Realm expert?”
Hao Huang said solemnly, “I don’t know, but we should keep that possibility in mind.”
“Nonsense!” the Queen Blade retorted bluntly in front of him, and added, “Even if he’s a Source Realm, he’s at most at the first or second level. In front of both of us at the third level of the Source Realm, he can’t cause any trouble!”
“Moreover, 1 don’t believe that a Source Realm expert can be chased around like a dog by someone.”
“You’re thinking too much. It’s turned into a delusion.”
Hao Huang did not argue with Queen Blade and just shook his head and said, “It’s just to eliminate the risks… After all, we haven’t found any trace of Esek yet, but 1 do have a feeling that things are becoming more and more troublesome.”
“And once the situation develops unfavorably…”
“Our Giant Spirit Blood Sacrifice and your Dung Beetle Divine Descent…”
Hao Huang’s voice became softer and softer until it was almost imperceptible..


CHAPTER-259
Chapter 259: Zero

Editor: Atlas Studios
The house Quan Chao had prepared for Lu Ming was located in the affluent area of the city.
The environment here was tranquil, and the security was good. The population density was lower, and it was relatively quiet.
As Lu Ming entered the house, he saw Quan Chao coming towards him.
There was a slight look of embarrassment on the face of this Flamestone Clan member. As soon as he saw Lu Ming, he immediately knelt down in front of him.
This made Lu Ming hurriedly help Quan Chao up and asked, “What are you doing?”
Quan Chao’s eyes turned red on the spot.
“I’ve let you down, my lord.”
After Quan Chao explained everything, Lu Ming learned what exactly Quan Chao felt guilty about.
The Land God Association had been taken over as well…
Hao Huang and the Queen Blade had been in Archean City for over a week. Although these two seemed to be idle every day, in fact, they had already inquired about every aspect of the Archean City.
Although Roda was the City Lord of Archean City, he was not the actual ruler.
The Land God Association was the actual ruler of Archean City.
And today, with the arrival of the Giant Clan army in Archean City, the Land God Association could not escape the clutches of the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan.
“The Land God Association was taken down by a commander of the Giant Clan army. I haven’t fought against him, but he took the Land God Association away from me.”
As Quan Chao spoke, he sighed grievously and helplessly.
That Giant Clan member was at Level Eight of the Spirit Realm, and his strength was not inferior to Li De.
As for the Land God Association that was established by Quan Chao, it was forcefully formed with the strength of the Spirit Realm.
Now that a stronger individual had appeared, the Land God Association collapsed at an alarming rate.
Coupled with the fact that the commander had the support of the Giant Clan army…
In short, Quan Chao did not even dare to utter harsh words and slunk back to Lu Ming’s side dejectedly.
When Lu Ming heard this, he patted Quan Chao’s shoulder and comforted him, “As long as you’re safe, that’s what matters. As for the Land God Association, if it’s lost, so be it.”
The original Land God Association did indeed have great usefulness.
But that was before the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan arrived.
After the two clans settled in Archean City, how could they allow an Eternal Clan member like him to be the City Lord? How could they allow a gang to manage the city?
In the face of absolute power, any resistance would be futile and in vain.
Lu Ming himself had no intention of resisting.
It would be foolish to go against the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan for the sake of an insignificant Archean City.
“In short, stay here for a while. After 1 finish my closed-door cultivation, you can leave the Archean City with us and head to the Eternal Clan.”
Lu Ming decided to bring Quan Chao along.
This was because this person had helped him in many ways. Not to mention anything else, Lu Ming had to pull him away from Archean City, a powder keg that was about to explode. Lu Ming felt that he had to do something for him.
As for their relationship in the future… that would have to be decided later.
Quan Chao was grateful on the spot and was about to kneel down again when Lu Ming pulled him up.
“Have you prepared enough food and Flamestones?”
Quan Chao nodded and said, “Everything is ready, I’ve prepared according to your request, Mr. Lu, three times the amount you asked for.”
Lu Ming nodded.
“That should be enough.”
The Hundred Thousand Mountains stretched endlessly.
According to what the explorers in Archean City had always said, the Hundred Thousand Mountains could be roughly divided into three levels: the periphery, the inner circle, and the core.
At the periphery level, at most, there would be Spirit Realm exotic beasts.
In the inner circle, Source Realm exotic beasts would appear.
The more dangerous core area was the nest of Ancient Realm exotic beasts. It was too dangerous here, so no one set foot here. Even the old man He Qing would detour around the core area when returning to the Eternal Clan.
Not because they could not defeat the Ancient Realm exotic beasts, but there was simply no need to do so.
And today.
The rarely visited core region of the Hundred Thousand Mountains welcomed unexpected guests.
There were two of them.
“This is it.”
Esek, the name of the Undead, smiled and said, “This place is located on the edge of the core region of the Hundred Thousand Mountains. It is a secret base left behind by the ancestral god before he achieved godhood.”
With that, Esek pondered briefly and continued, “And inside this place, we have a gift for you, from our Undead Clan.”
As Esek spoke respectfully, a voice that couldn’t be discerned as male or female emanated from his side.
“First of all, I want to thank you for your gift… but there’s a problem.”
“Why are you giving me a gift?”
“In theory, we should be enemies, right?”
“Moreover, 1 have made an agreement with the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan that I would definitely not cooperate with other races…”
The one speaking was the humanoid creature formed by the Mother Tree.
At this moment, there was also a light red grass-sized sapling growing on the head of this human-headed monster.
The voice came from within the sapling’s body.
With that said, the clone of the mother tree continued, “Let me make this clear first. Regardless of how much you give me, I won’t abandon the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan to cooperate with you.”
The cooperation between the Mother Tree and the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan had been pleasant.
Whatever it wanted, the two clans provided, so there was really no need for betrayal.
Although it had been invited this time, it had no intention of changing its course.
To put it bluntly, it just wanted to see what kind of plans the Undead Clan had in mind with this invitation.
After hearing this, Esek just smiled faintly.
“I have no intention of making you change your mind, Lady Mother Tree.”
As he spoke, Esek’s voice suddenly became deeper.
“I just think you have a lot of potential, so I want to give you an opportunity…”
A faint golden light rippled from Esek’s eyes.
A tremendous and even more terrifying power, far surpassing any creature the Mother Tree had ever encountered, flashed through Esek’s body.
Trembling.
Panic.
And enlightenment!
“You are…” The sapling stammered and received a clear answer. “Zero, you can call me Zero. Or you can call me by my code name, which is Corpse God…”
It could be clearly seen that Esek’s body was slowly straightening.
Although it no longer emitted any pressure, the Mother Tree’s perception of him was completely different from before!
It was grand and mysterious!
Turning around and looking at the Mother Tree’s avatar, the guy called Esek, who was actually the Corpse God, smiled and patted the Mother Tree’s shoulder. “It’s just a simple trick to project my will into the minds of my subordinates. And don’t panic, this projection won’t project any power. The me standing in front of you is just at the Source Realm.”
“Moreover, I think that even if I were to lose this avatar, it wouldn’t matter much to you, would it?”
The Mother Tree was indeed startled.
But after Zero’s words, the Mother Tree regained its composure.
That’s true, what’s there to fear when my avatar isn’t afraid of death and faces a so-called deity?
Of course, the appropriate respect should still be shown.
“So, Lord Corpse God, what exactly is the opportunity you want to give me?”
The Mother Tree said respectfully and Zero’s voice sounded again.
“It’s inside.”
He waved his hand and the mountain in front of them began to blur mysteriously. Soon, a hidden cave appeared in front of the two.
Zero started walking inside and motioned for the Mother Tree to follow.
“Follow me!”


CHAPTER-260
Chapter 260: The Gift

As the most important collaborator of the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree had long heard of the Corpse God!
It was the source of the Undead Clan, one of the top three most powerful deities in the world today!
Although the Undead Clan had many members, for some reason, deities were relatively rare, with only five in the entire clan.
Among them, four of the deities had ordinary strength, but the Corpse God was mysterious and powerful.
It would not be an exaggeration to say that he single-handedly supported a super-large clan.
“But in reality, 1 don’t pursue power; 1 pursue the truth.”
Walking down the pitch-dark corridor, Zero’s tone was gentle as he spoke.
“I came from a certain generation of tribulation transcenders hundreds of thousands of years ago, but I didn’t enter the Black Mist Zone as a human. Instead, I came to the Black Mist Zone as an Undead.”
“Oh, by the way, let me add that before becoming an undead, I was a scientist.”
Zero said with a smile, and the Mother Tree could only laugh along awkwardly.
The Mother Tree laughed somewhat awkwardly, but Zero did not care.
It just continued, “Perhaps because of my education, I’ve never been very interested in extraordinary powers. Compared to extraordinary powers, I prefer to study the essence of things, to analyze extraordinary powers scientifically, and to acquire them.”
Saying this, Zero waved his hand, and a cluster of source power was captured and gathered in his hand, shimmering and shining.
“For example, according to my research, the essence of source power is an extremely small special substance that’s even smaller than quarks.”
“However, it can combine with cells, allowing cells to grow super fast, become super strong, and super evolve, thus forming various extraordinary powers.”
“In short, there’s no need to talk too much about the details. If you’re interested, you can look for relevant discussion papers, there’s a lot of research in this area.”
“And here…”
At this point, the Corpse God and the Mother Tree had already reached a deep underground location.
What the Mother Tree saw was a variety of experimental equipment and bizarre experimental materials.
Zero continued with a smile, “This place is a secret research facility I built before becoming a deity.”
The Mother Tree looked around.
The research facility did not seem large in size, and although there were many things, upon closer inspection, one could barely distinguish several major areas.
The living area of the research area and the cultivation area were all squeezed together.
The most eye-catching part of the research area was a giant glass jar placed in the center.
The glass jar was thirty meters long and had a diameter of over twenty meters, serving as a pillar in this place. Inside the jar was a purplish-black liquid, and it seemed to contain something, but it was not very clear.
Zero did not provide any introduction to the Mother Tree.
He just brought the Mother Tree deeper into the research institute, and as he walked, Zero spoke.
“Researching in the Black Mist Zone actually faces significant resistance.”
“The path of superhumans and the path of technology are two completely different paths. If one side becomes strong, it will inevitably suppress the other.”
For example, ancient China versus modern China.
In ancient times, technology was not advanced, so martial arts and the like thrived—although martial arts didn’t qualify as extraordinary, their nature was similar to the path of the extraordinary, as both were ways of unlocking human potential.
Another example was in the modern world. After guns appeared, martial arts were immediately swept into the trash.
In the Black Mist Zone, extraordinary powers were the mainstream, leading to the relative stagnation of technological power.
“To any researcher, the word ‘deity’ is also an insurmountable mountain.”
There were deities in the Black Mist Zone.
The deities sat high in the clouds and smiled as they watched the storms below.
They possessed unbeatable power and infinite lifespans.
Therefore, every researcher regarded deities as the ultimate goal, intending to forge the ultimate weapon that could rival deities.
In this aspect, there were similarities between Zero and Flame Heart.
Flame Heart had searched for other powers that could rival deities to find a way out for the Flame Clan.
Zero’s research also pursued a different path to obtain a mighty power that could match deities. His goal was simply curiosity about the unknown and the desire to prove his abilities and talents.
—Even though he was already a part of the deities.
“This place was birthed because of this.”
“It’s a project 1 established before becoming a deity.”
After saying this, Zero looked at the Mother Tree and asked with a smile, “Then do you know what’s the main research project here?”
The Mother Tree shook its head to indicate that it did not know. It seemed logical that it did not know.
Zero sighed and shook his head. “Looks like you don’t like to use your brain… Then forget it.”
“What this place is studying is the most famous legend in the Hundred Thousand Mountains.”
“The legend of the Beast King.”
The legend of the Beast King was extremely famous in the vicinity of the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
According to ancient legends, the former Black Mist Zone was the territory of exotic beasts; they were the true rulers of this place.
But everything changed when the Supreme God began selecting individuals to undergo the Tribulation.
The Tribulation Transcenders engaged in a huge battle with the exotic beasts that lasted for dozens of generations. The ultimate result was that the Beast King, along with the surviving exotic beasts, retreated deep into the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
“This legend is actually very vague, at least to those who are interested, it’s really vague.”
“The legend did not mention the extent of the Beast King’s power.”
“Quasi-divine level? No, definitely not true. This is because it battled alongside exotic beasts against the tribulation transcenders for dozens of generations.
This meant that there had to be at least dozens of deities among the tribulation transcenders.”
“But to call it a deity? That wouldn’t be the case. This is because since ancient times, there has never been a claim of exotic beasts achieving deity status. Not even one.”
“Therefore, I’m curious about the strength of the Beast King. 1 wondered if it was a unique creature that didn’t ascend to godhood but possessed power comparable to deities.”
“That’s why I found this…”
With that, Zero suddenly stopped in his tracks.
He knocked on the wall in front of him, and the wall opened automatically, revealing a safe behind the wall.
Zero walked to the safe, entered the password, and opened the shockingly thick door to retrieve a brocade box.
He opened the brocade box.
A golden hair strand came into view of Zero and the Mother Tree.
The Mother Tree’s breathing became much heavier.
This was because it could vaguely sense a tiny but extremely high-level energy within this hair strand!
If one savored it carefully, the power within the hair strand was not far from the fleeting majesty of the deities that Zero had just shown, but their essences were completely different!
“The Beast King has long been dead.”
“However, its body did not decay.”
“Unfortunately, I was unable to find the location of the Beast King’s body. 1 only found this strand of hair that the Beast King shed from the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains.”
Having said that, Zero smiled at the Mother Tree, whose eyes were already filled with greed.
“Do you want it?”
Before the Mother Tree could speak, Zero had already stuffed the brocade box into the Mother Tree’s arms!
“Whether you want it or not, I’ll give it to you.”
“Because this is the gift and opportunity I mentioned earlier..”


CHAPTER-261
Chapter 261: The Subverter

The Mother Tree was completely baffled.
It was left dumbfounded by Zero…
“For me? A gift? Opportunity?!”
It pointed at itself and then at the box in its arms, its face filled with disbelief.
Zero nodded, “Yes, this is the opportunity I’m giving you. What’s wrong? Don’t you want it?”
After saying this, Zero deliberately reached out, pretended to want to take the box back, “If you don’t want it, forget it, give it back to me.”
The Mother Tree startled, quickly took two steps back while holding the box and said, “1 want it! I want it!”
After saying that, it realized that Zero was teasing it…
Looking at the smiling Zero, the Mother Tree fell silent.
After a long time, it asked strangely, “You should know my abilities, right?”
Zero nodded, “1 know, you have the ability to replicate the characteristics of a certain creature infinitely with sufficient energy and the creature’s DNA.”
“It’s a very powerful and terrifying ability.”
The Mother Tree shook the box again and asked, “So, you’re not unaware of the consequences of this thing ending up in my hands, right?”
Zero smiled and asked back, “Do you think I’m aware or not?”
This question left the Mother Tree speechless.
After a long time, the Mother Tree gritted its teeth and said, “So, what do you want from me?”
Lowering its head, looking at the box and the Beast King’s hair inside, the Mother Tree took a deep breath and decisively spoke, “If it’s such a great gift, it’s not impossible for me to betray the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan and cooperate with you!”
The Insect Clan and the Giant Clan also understood the characteristics of the Mother Tree.
Therefore, the two clans were wary of the Mother Tree, and they had not provided the Mother Tree with the genetic samples of Source Realm experts.
But now, the Corpse God had given it such a generous gift…
With such a generous gift, there was also deep friendship!
However, to the Mother Tree’s surprise, Zero simply shook its head when it heard the Mother Tree’s words.
“I don’t need to work with you, and I don’t want to disrupt the current situation.”
“In any case, if 1 gave you something, you can take it with peace of mind. Since 1 said that this thing is a gift from me, it’s purely a gift and there’s no need for any compensation.”
“As for what you will do with this gift, what plans or arrangements you have after receiving it, it’s all up to you and has nothing to do with me.”
Zero raised an eyebrow and asked, “Do you understand?”
The Mother Tree was rendered speechless.
Finally, Zero said, “So now, you can go back and enjoy this gift.”
Watching the Mother Tree stumble out of the research institute, Zero shook his head.
With a thought, the consciousness he had placed on Esek was quickly withdrawn.
Esek seemed momentarily confused but quickly regained his composure.
He turned to look around and soon muttered to himself.
“It seems that the ancestor is using my body again.”
“Although I don’t know what just happened, but…”
“Yes, let’s get down to business first.”
As he muttered, he walked to the large jar in the experiment area.
He reached out and touched it.
Then, Essex’s body seemed to become like gas, slowly penetrating the jar and entering it.
Immersed in the purplish-black liquid in the jar, Esek slowly closed his eyes.
Corpse God Territory.
The main city of the Undead Clan and the residence of the Corpse God.
The entire Corpse God Territory occupied a huge area, and according to professionals, it was one of the largest cities in the Black Mist Zone—perhaps even larger than the Eternal Clan’s main city.
The city was divided into hundreds of districts of various sizes, each with a different architectural style based on individual preferences.
But one thing remained eternal.
It was as eternal as the gods.
This was the Corpse God’s Palace—the Sky City.
The Sky City would always float in the sky above the Corpse God Territory, just like the Corpse God perpetually watching over his subjects.
At this moment, on the Sky City 30,000 meters above the ground, the Corpse God was sitting high in the clouds and playing chess with someone.
He had a calm and gentle appearance, with slightly pale skin, and his face bore the bloodline patterns in the shape of flowers—a symbol of the Corpse God’s original race, which had long disappeared into the annals of history.
The Corpse God did not identify with his original race; he identified more with his Corpse clan identity.
Sitting across from the Corpse God was a strong and burly old man.
The old man was about 1.8 meters tall, with wrinkles all over his face, but his body was extremely strong.
He wore a loose black robe, but his broad shoulders and back stretched the robe as if it were a tight-fitting suit.
What was even more eye-catching was the old man’s hair.
He had the symbolic silver-white hair of the Aeonians.
Yes, he was indeed from the Eternal Clan.
And he was the god of the Eternal Clan.
His name was Yuan!
“Forget it, forget it. I’m not playing anymore. I admit that when it comes to using the brain, I can’t compete with you researchers.”
Yuan’s large hand gently swept across the chessboard, causing all the chess pieces on the chessboard to turn into dust.
Seeing this, Zero just shook his head slightly. He waved his hand, and refreshments appeared on the chessboard.
“It’s your favorite Dao Yuan Tea.”
He picked up the teapot and filled Yuan’s cup, but Yuan ignored the Dao Yuan Tea.
He just looked at Zero through the rising tea smoke.
Moments later, he spoke softly, “I’ve been wanting to ask you a question since a while ago.”
Zero replied gently, “Ask away.”
“What exactly is that Blood Flesh Mother Tree?”
“It’s a mutant. Do you have to ask me?”
Hearing Zero’s dismissive response, Yuan could not help but shake his head and say, “As a Subverter, how can 1 not know that it’s a mutant?”
“The problem is, where did this mutant come from, and for what reason does it exist?”
“Everything has an origin, a foundation…”
“This mutant, named the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, must have one too!”
However, Zero just leisurely sipped the Dao Yuan Tea, enjoying the rich tea flavor that entered his taste buds, and let out a refreshing sigh.
Putting down the teacup, he continued, “Is foundation really that important?”
Yuan paused and then smiled, “It’s indeed not that important.”
“It’s just that 1 feel that this thing looks very much like your work.”
“Whether it’s its life form or the thing you just gave it… Although there’s no evidence, 1 always have this feeling that it has a lot to do with you.”
Regarding this, Zero just smiled faintly, “Yes, it’s indeed somewhat related to me. So what?”
This tone finally made Yuan sigh helplessly, “It’s just curiosity, that’s all…”
People had secrets.
Gods had endless lifespans and more secrets.
Even if Zero now admitted that the Blood Flesh Mother Tree was related to him, so what?
Digging deeper into it would be a manifestation of hostility.
As fellow Subverters, Yuan understood Zero far better than the outside world.
The Corpse God was not to be trifled with.
In fact, he could not even be provoked!
He also picked up the teacup and swallowed the tea in it.
Yuan decisively changed the subject. “Over in the Archean City, the research results of the Flame Clan have already escaped and are now hiding in Moro City. I’ve already used some means to conceal it. At the very least, that old geezer from the Sky Monitoring Bureau won’t be able to find it or see through it. As for how far that little thing can grow, it all depends on its own luck.”
“But 1 do think this dream system is quite interesting.”
“It’s worth looking forward to.”
Zero nodded slightly.
However, his gaze drifted, as if his thoughts had already flown somewhere.
This made Yuan shake his head again.
“If you don’t feel like talking, then forget it.”
“I’ll look for you again in a while.”
Yuan stood up and was about to leave when Zero finally spoke.
“Soon…”
“What did you say?”
“I said that it’s going to be soon. Our purpose, yours and mine as Subverters, will soon be achieved.”
This statement made Yuan’s expression turn serious. He heard Zero continue, “In this era, whether it’s a success or a failure, it will soon be determined..”


CHAPTER-262
Chapter 262: Son of the Beast King, Fusion Beast!

The Blood Flesh Mother Tree left with the fur shed by the Beast King. It left decisively, without any hesitation.
Clearly, it could not wait to transform this gift into combat strength.
This matter must not let the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan know about it.
The Mother Tree already had a plan on how to conceal it from the experts of the two clans.
Meanwhile Esek had fused into the glass jar.
Due to the presence of the purplish-black liquid, no one could see what had happened to Esek in the jar.
Other than the Corpse God, no one knew what was originally contained in this jar.
In any case, some things were quietly developing.
No one knew what kind of storm this series of events would stir up.
In the distant Archean City, no one knew what had happened in the depths of the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
Hao Huang and Blade were somewhat irritable.
This was because they could not find any traces of Esek no matter how hard they looked. They just knew that Esek had a mission on this trip to the Hundred Thousand Mountains, and their mission was to thwart the plan of Esek and the Corpse Clan.
But now they could not find the person, so disrupting the plan was out of the question..
Lu Ming enjoyed peaceful days here.
This was because no one would disturb his seclusion cultivation.
Twelve days later.
Day 351 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming had cultivated the Diamond Shield to the Divine Realm.
The special effect of the Body Protection Technique was obtained: Sharp Resistance.
At the same time, the frequency of flashes in the protective technique column on the attribute panel was increasing.
This gave Lu Ming a sense of enlightenment.
“One more.”
“I just need to cultivate one more Body Protection Technique, and the special effects integration will be completed!”
This time, Lu Ming chose a Physique Realm Body Protection Technique called the “Yin Yang Mirror.”
Two days later, on Day 353 of the Black Mist Calendar.
There was an abnormality in the abandoned laboratory of the Corpse God.
“Thud.”
“Thud.”
“Thud.”
Clear, crisp knocks sounded continuously from the jar.
The sound went from weak to strong, quickly becoming deafening.
With a bang, the jar exploded from the inside, and a large number of glass-like but definitely not glass fragments scattered all over the floor, along with the purplish-black liquid from the jar.
A roar that did not sound human emanated from the spot, echoing in the laboratory for a long time.
“I… I…”
“I didn’t disappoint the Corpse God!!”
One could see that the creature that spoke was a ferocious monster!
It had a height of nearly five meters, a shoulder width of three meters, and stood upright like an ape.
However, its lower body was unusually stout, with thighs over two meters in diameter, making its upper body look somewhat deformed.
The slightly smaller upper body, compared to the thighs, was covered with signs of decay, with purple-black hair sticking to the rotten flesh and blood, making it nauseating.
The two huge arms were long and powerful, extending all the way from the shoulders to the ground, with eight sharp claws deeply embedded in the soil, like knives.
And on its shoulder, it carried Esek’s head!
After the roar, the creature with Esek’s head slowly opened its eyes, and it could be clearly seen that its eyes were very blank, like a fool without consciousness.
However, soon, the blank look in its eyes gradually disappeared, replaced by a glimmer of light that emanated from the depths of its eyes, quickly occupying the entire eyeball.
“Exhale.”
With a breath that sounded like a violent wind, the monster stretched out its hand and gently tapped its head.
“Who… who am I…”
“I… I am Esek.”
As soon as these words were spoken, Esek’s consciousness returned at an extremely fast speed.
“Yes, I am Esek.”
“By the command of the Lord Corpse God, I came to the Hundred Thousand Mountains…”
With that said, Esek turned to look at the shattered jar behind him.
The corners of its mouth curled into a faint smile as its huge and ferocious claws slowly brushed across its body.
“Completing the fusion with the Son of the Beast King!”
“Then, 1’11 give the Giants and the Insectoids a huge surprise!”
It finally recalled the mission it was carrying out.
With that in mind, the newly reborn Esek strode out of the laboratory.
Faint purplish-black smoke began to emanate involuntarily from his body.
To anyone in the Black Mist Zone, the battle between the Insect Clan, Giant Clan and the Undead Clan was a huge matter.
The war of the three major clans stirred up countless storms.
Even for the gods, this matter was not insignificant.
As the strongest expert and protector of the Undead Clan, the Corpse God naturally had to intervene in this matter—although he could not directly intervene to avoid sparking a divine war, he could use some small means to influence the outcome of the battle to some extent.
Giving a gift to the Mother Tree could be considered one of these small means. Although Zero’s greatest goal was not for the battle of the three races, it would likely have a certain impact on the outcome.
And Esek was the main means by which Zero would influence the Three Clans’ war.
Zero was a scholar, and as a scholar, he had many peculiar research projects.
The research project in the depths of the Hundred Thousand Mountains was naturally the Beast King.
Before becoming a god, Zero had already obtained the fur of the Beast King. As a scholar, he naturally would not let go of such excellent research material.
Cloning was an excellent way to explore the power of the Beast King.
The creature In that huge jar was none other than the clone of the Beast King.
Unfortunately, this research project had been abandoned long ago.
This was because the cloned Beast King, also known as the Son of the Beast King, was not powerful at all. It was only at the Source Realm level and could not even reach the Ancient Realm.
After achieving godhood, Zero no longer considered this low-level and worthless project.
However, when Zero learned of the news about the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, things started to connect.
Given the nature of the Mother Tree, this piece of the Beast King’s fur was extremely useful to the Mother Tree. Therefore, Zero gave it to the Mother Tree.
In this laboratory, there was also a cloned Beast King at the Source Realm level.
After much thought, Zero decided to make use of waste.
Using a zombie with special abilities as the foundation, he could fuse it with the Son of the Beast King, creating a unique fusion monster with dual characteristics of a zombie and a Beast King! And with this method, he aimed to influence the course of the war between the three clans!
The fusion monster named Esek crawled out of the laboratory.
It had a clear goal and it quickly left the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains, entering the inner circle.
As it moved along its path, a faint purplish-black mist lingered, and did not dissipate for a long time.
It was not until Esek reached its designated location that it stood firm, took a breath, and then roared!
The violent soundwaves resonated and startled countless exotic creatures.
The sounds of crawling, running, and flying creatures echoed all around.
Soon, the first Source Realm exotic beast appeared next to Esek.
Exotic creatures at the Source Realm level already had intelligence comparable to sentient species. This creature resembling a colorful tiger stood not far from Esek, tilting its head as it looked at him.
“What… are you?”
Even from the perspective of exotic creatures, Esek looked quite ugly.
His odor was even more unpleasant.
However, for some reason, the colorful tiger could sense that there seemed to be a pressure in Esek’s body that only exotic creatures could sense.
It was this pressure that made the colorful tiger respond to the call of Esek and come to his side.
Esek ignored him.
The colorful tiger remained silent, only prostrating itself on the ground, without hostility, and even with a faint submissive gesture—although the colorful tiger didn’t understand why it was behaving this way…
Perhaps this was a kind of bloodline restraint.
Where there was one, there would be two.
Soon, a total of thirteen Source Realm exotic beasts appeared in front of Esek, scattered all around him.
At this moment, Esek finally smiled.
“For now, that’s enough.”
As Esek was muttering to himself, a large amount of purplish-black mist burst out from his battered upper body.
In the blink of an eye, the mist covered all the thirteen exotic beasts.
This mist was everywhere and infiltrated the exotic beasts’ bodies through their pores.
Soon, howls and roars rang out one after another.
Looking at the thirteen Source Realm exotic beasts struggling but unwaveringly transforming into zombie beasts, Esek suddenly burst into maniacal laughter!
“Beast King, command the beasts!”
“Zombies, infect the living!”
“Both complement each other, mutually reinforce, and evolve together!”
“Lord Corpse God, did you see that? Your research has succeeded!!”


CHAPTER-263
Chapter 263: Disaster of the Zombie Beasts

In the eyes of ordinary people, the Zombie Virus was undoubtedly extremely terrifying.
However, to superhumans, the Zombie Virus was not frightening. Even the Undead Clan composed entirely of zombies, had become recognized as intelligent beings by the tens of thousand races within the Black Mist Zone.
The reason was that superhumans with Source Power could already resist the infection by the zombies.
The Undead Clan had always been researching a topic—how to infect supernaturals.
This topic had actually made progress.
A long time ago, the Undead Clan had developed a technique to infect Physique Realm superhumans.
This was the Corpse Soldier technique.
However, this method was labor-intensive and consumed a tremendous amount of resources. In short, it was a futile project with no practical value.
The same applied to the exotic beasts.
All exotic beasts were superhumans with Source Power within them. Therefore, there had never been any precedent of exotic beasts being infected and turning into zombies.
However, at this moment, the fusion of Esek and the son of the Beast King broke this precedent!
Esek, after a successful fusion, could even transform exotic beasts from the Source Realm into zombie beasts.
Moreover, the infection speed was extremely fast!
It did not take much thought to realize the huge strategic value hidden in this.
The Hundred Thousand Mountains was the stronghold of exotic beasts, and no one knew how many of them were inside.
Now, Esek could transform exotic beasts into zombie beasts.
It could be said that Esek alone could already influence the outcome of the Three-Clan War!
And this was the surprise and revenge that the Undead Clan gave to the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan!
If one looked down from the sky, they could clearly see a purplish-black poisonous mist spreading in all directions, with the Esek at its core.
But the main direction of the spread was towards Archean City.
Each time a zombie beast was transformed, this zombie beast would become a new source of infection.
This infection method was the same as that of zombies infecting ordinary people, causing the scale of the zombie beasts to increase exponentially!
In just a week, on the 360th day of the Black Mist Calendar, the number of zombie beasts had become uncountable.
Unfortunately, at this moment, Hao Huang and Blade had just settled down in Archean City…
They could not be blamed for being slow.
The Giant Clan needed to consolidate the forces within Archean City, set up camp, and send spies to explore the Hundred Thousand Mountains gradually.
And the Insect Clan’s hive needed more time to develop.
Today, in the City Lord’s Mansion of Archean City.
Hao Huang and Blade sat at the head of the table, quietly listening to the meeting of the officers below.
As Source Realm experts, Hao Huang and Blade were not part of the military structure, and they were not well-versed in military matters. In terms of war, Source Realm experts were probably like strategic nuclear weapons. They just needed to be mascots on normal days and attack at critical moments.
Just as the Queen Blade was feeling bored, Hao Huang’s expression suddenly changed.
“Wait a minute, what did you guys just say?”
A Giant Clan officer spoke up, “I just said that the scouts sent into the Ten Thousand Mountains recently have suffered higher casualties than before, and some scouts reported that the exotic beasts inside the Hundred Thousand Mountains seem to be showing signs of unrest.”
As Blade trimmed his nails, she muttered, “Hao Huang, what’s the point of asking this?”
Hao Huang ignored this brainless woman.
As an expert of the Giant Clan, Hao Huang had a certain amount of military experience.
He vaguely sensed that something was wrong from the words “scouts suffering higher casualties” and “exotic beasts showing signs of unrest.”
Just as he was about to speak, a Giant Clan officer crashed through the door and rushed in, looking panicked.
He shouted in panic, “Zombies, no, not zombies… Exotic Beasts!”
“No, not an exotic beast either… It’s… It’s…”
The Giant Clan was a bunch of idiots. At this moment, this Giant Clan officer was so flustered that he could not articulate his words clearly.
Hao Huang narrowed his eyes.
His Source Realm perception made him vaguely sense the stench of corpses in the air.
He stood up suddenly and spoke in a low voice as he walked out.
“Full military alert.”
“Blade, let’s go out and take a look.”
A formidable surge of terrifying Source Power fluctuation erupted from outside the city.
At this moment, it was dinner time for Lu Ming.
Raising his head, Lu Ming’s gaze seemed to be able to penetrate the ceiling above his head and see five figures flying in the sky outside the city.
“A Source Realm battle, huh?”
Lu Ming muttered and then focused on the food in front of him again.
Unlike Lu Ming’s carefree attitude, Roda, Quan Chao, Roxin, and the others were shocked.
Roxin mumbled, “How could the Source Realm experts rush into a battle so quickly?”
To her, the Source Realm battle was akin to ordinary people witnessing a gun battle, something rarely seen.
However, Roda and Quan Chao rushed out of the door and quickly returned with pale faces.
“The city’s defense formation has been activated at the highest level!”
“The Giant Clan Legion and the Insect Hive have also been dispatched to the front lines. Although we haven’t seen the specific situation on the battlefield, from the commotion, the situation seems to be a bit unfavorable.”
“What’s even worse is the Source Realm battle outside the city. Brother Lu, you have no idea what I saw…”
After Roda finished speaking, Lu Ming immediately said, “Exotic beasts and the Undead Clan… or rather a combination of Exotic Beasts and the Undead Clan. They’re called Zombie Beasts.”
With that said, Lu Ming wiped his mouth and pointed above his head.
“The ones fighting Hao Huang and Blade are three such Source Realm monsters.”
After hearing what Lu Ming had said, everyone fell silent.
But, they were not flustered—Lu Ming was the backbone of this team, and his calm expression at this moment could also calm everyone’s restless hearts.
Roda was the one who spoke first, “Then, Brother Lu, what do we do next?”
“No change in original plan,” Lu Ming said simply, reassuring everyone with five words. Then, he smiled at everyone and said, “With me around, you can be rest assured.”
On the same day.
The Giant Clan and the Insect Clan stationed in Archean City repelled the first wave of the zombie beast attack.
Among the three Source Realm zombie beasts, one died and two fled. These zombie beasts were slightly weaker than when they were alive, but not much weaker.
And as the outnumbered side, Hao Huang and Blade also suffered injuries. While their injuries were not severe, they were inevitably chilled by the situation.
Now, they finally understood why Esek had come to the Hundred Thousand Mountains…
Unfortunately, they had realized it too late.
They immediately reported this information to the higher-ups and soon received orders from the higher-ups.
Stop the zombie beast tide in the Hundred Thousand Mountains at all costs!
Reinforcements would arrive in a few days, but until then, Hao Huang and Blade had to shoulder all the pressure themselves.
After ending the communication, Hao Huang could not help but curse.
Because this mission was too heavy.
Although only three Source Realm zombie beasts had appeared on the battlefield today, Hao Huang could vaguely sense that there were many more Source Realm zombie beasts secretly observing.
Moreover, in just one day, the two of them had already suffered considerable losses in their forces…
At this moment, Hao Huang’s face was filled with worry.
But the Queen Blade narrowed her eyes, a cold glint flashing within them..


CHAPTER-264
Chapter 264: Giant Spirit Blood Sacrifice and Beetle God’s Descent!

Of course, Esek would not miss the opportunity to attack the nearby Archean City.
After all, Hao Huang and the Queen Blade were Esek’s chosen primary targets!
Although the two Source Realm experts were actually nothing to the two major clans, this was just the beginning.
Esek firmly believed that he would make the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan feel the wrath of the zombie tide and experience despair!
He would definitely overturn the entire battle alone!
Day 361 of the Black Mist Calendar.
The second zombie wave began.
Early in the morning, the majestic and endless zombie beasts gathered outside Archean City and launched an assault on the city.
There were also Source Realm zombie beasts attacking—a total of five!
As Source Realm experts defending Archean City, Hao Huang and Blade stood their ground.
The battle continued until evening.
In this battle, the defensive barrier of Archean City was shattered, and three of the four city walls collapsed.
The combined forces of the Giant Clan and Insect Clan were heavily injured, and five of the seven insect nests outside the city were destroyed.
Hao Huang and the Queen Blade were seriously injured and had no strength left to fight.
Although they had repelled this round of the zombie tide, the weakening of the two clans had become evident.
“What’s even more terrifying is that these are not the main forces of the zombie beasts.”
In the dim study of the City Lord Manor, the pale Queen Blade said to Hao Huang.
When Hao Huang heard this, he also fell silent.
Because up till now, the instigator of all this, Esek, had yet to appear.
The situation was already very clear—Esek was still mobilizing troops in the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
It was already impossible to calculate how many troops he had lost.
But judging by the infection speed of the zombies, the two rounds of attacks yesterday and today were probably just probing attacks.
They might not even be considered probing attacks. It was just Esek’s way of saying hello to them…
“But even so, we won’t survive tomorrow.”
The two Source Realm experts could already sense that the putrid smell around Archean City was growing denser and denser.
A large number of zombie beasts were emerging from the Hundred Thousand Mountains, and Archean City was their first target…
There would definitely be a third wave of attacks tomorrow.
And the third wave of attacks would certainly be stronger and more violent than today’s!
“So you mean…” Hao Huang spoke with a hint of ruthlessness and determination on his face.
This made the Queen Blade snort coldly. “If we don’t do this, how can we complete the mission given by the clan?”
“Besides, it’s only the lives of some foreign tribes… Under the current circumstances, not to mention these unrelated foreign tribes, even our subjugated tribes, or even the trash of our clan, have to die!”
Hao Huang nodded slightly when he heard this.
“Then let’s begin.”
In the Black Mist Zone, the reason why large clans were large was not only because they had many people and experts, nor because they had gods to suppress and protect them.
They occupied the Holy Tower and enjoyed the highest concentration of Source Power in the Black Mist Zone.
But more importantly, every large clan had some hidden or openly displayed trump cards—some trump cards that were not at the level of gods.
For example, the Giant Clan’s Spirit Blood Sacrifice.
And furthermore, the Insect Clan’s Beetle God’s Descent!
That night.
Under the night sky, within Archean City, there were suddenly wails and screams.
The other residents of the city assumed it was another attack by the zombie beasts and hid in their homes, too afraid to venture outside.
Little did they know that the instigators of this night’s tragedy were none other than the current rulers of Archean City, the Giant Clan!
The Giant Clan warriors, clad in their armor, mercilessly slaughtered all the beings of other clans within the city.
In the military camp, a massive blood-red flag nearly 30 meters high fluttered in the wind, rustling loudly.
Dim red light faintly emanated from the flag, falling onto the bodies of every Giant Clan warrior. As these Giant warriors continued to kill and smeared the blood of their prey on their bodies, crimson lines of blood would ripple out from within them, reflecting back into the flag.
Hao Huang stood under the blood-red flag, gazing up at the fluttering flag with a growing fierceness in his eyes.
“300,000,” he muttered to himself.
“Only 300,000 lives are needed, and I can harness the power of the blood-flag to cast the secret technique of the Giant Spirit and temporarily reach the peak of the Source Realm.”
“Then, when Esek appears on the battlefield, I will surely be able to slay him on the spot!”
Thinking this in his heart, Hao Huang said again, “No, one time usage of the Giant Spirit secret technique is not enough, the margin for error is too low.”
“I need two to three times…”
“As for Archean City… Well, how many people are there in this city? I’m not sure, but I should be able to gather more than two drops of Giant Spirit Blood.”
Outside the city, within a pristine insect nest, the Queen Blade stood beside the mother insect and looked at it.
The mother insect’s stomach was bulging and its body was twisting in pain. Its expression was filled with pain and it kept emitting insect cries.
It was experiencing difficult labor.
The Queen Blade paid no attention to all of this and just stared coldly at the mother insect, her gaze seemingly saying, “If you can’t give birth, then go die.” Until there was a “plop” sound.
Ten golden, fist-sized insect eggs were laid by the mother insect—a remarkable sight given the mother insect’s nearly ten-meter-long body, which made her struggle in labor even more surprising. However, this was the truth.
The moment she saw the golden eggs, the Queen Blade heaved a sigh of relief.
She patted the head of the queen insect, whose aura was getting weaker and weaker, and said softly, “Return to the embrace of the Origin Insect Mother…”
Then, she turned and walked away, carrying the insect eggs, without even sparing a glance for the dying mother insect.
The Queen Blade was known for her speed.
When she moved at full speed, she was as fast as the wind.
Soon, she arrived at the first target location within Archean City.
The residence of the Azure Scale Clan.
This Azure Scale Clan was a servant clan of the Giant Clan, and had come to Archean City with the Third Legion.
However, no one knew that just moments ago, Hao Huang had already sold the Azure Scale Clan to the Queen Blade.
The perception of the Source Realm swept past, and the Queen Blade quickly locked onto her targets.
She just simply stretched out her hand and three figures were brought before her.
These were the three Spirit Realm experts of the Azure Scale Clan.
Seeing the Queen Blade, the three Azure Scale Spirit Realm experts wanted to greet her, but they suddenly saw the Queen Blade wave her hand and stuff the three insect eggs into their mouths.
The insect eggs disregarded their body protective techniques ,and simultaneously, something soft and slippery emerged from the eggs, sliding into the mouths and down into the stomachs of the three of them.
This caused the faces of the three of them to change drastically!
“Queen, what are you…”
Before they could finish speaking, the three of them screamed in agony and fell to the ground, convulsing in pain.
As she watched the agonizing trio, the corners of the Queen Blades’ mouth curled into a beautiful smile.
“Beetle God’s Descent, one of the secret techniques of our Insect Clan.”
“It’s said that the long-lost Beetle God, who has long died, even in his divine descent, delights in torment and suffering.”
“Just by planting an insect egg containing a trace of the Beetle God’s genes into a living host, it won’t be long before the Beetle God bestows its blessings…” Before her words were even completed, the three Spirit Realm members in front of her had their bones and muscles bursting, their flesh torn apart, as if they were enduring the punishment of a thousand cuts and being crushed by giant rocks!
Before they could draw their last breath, a sudden bulge in their chest cavities accompanied by tearing sounds saw three half-human-sized, upright giant dung beetles crawling out from inside them.
After a brief sensing of the strength of the three dung beetle generals, the Queen Blade nodded in satisfaction.
“Not bad. One at the Source Realm Level 2, and two at Source Realm Level 1.”
“”It’s a pity that the will of the carrier is not strong enough. Otherwise, with a Spirit Realm individual as the carrier, the highest level of dung beetle generals can be born in the middle level of the Source Realm.”
Although they only had seven days to live,
However, it was probably enough to deal with the current situation.
After a simple estimation, the Queen of Blades muttered.
“I used three eggs, there are seven left.”
“So, I have to ask Hao Huang for some Spirit Realm experts.”
Suddenly, the Queen Blade seemed to remember something and turned her head in the direction of the city.
“Oh yes, I remember that the former City Lord of Archean City is also at the Spirit Realm level, right?”
“And the vice-president of the Land God Association is also at the Spirit Realm.”
“And that person whom Hao Huang said was inscrutable… probably also at the Spirit Realm.”
“Why don’t we add them to our headcount?”
As soon as she finished speaking, the Queen Blade and the three dung beetle generals disappeared from sight..


CHAPTER-265
Chapter 265: These Are Insects

There was a significant drawback to cultivating in the Void Realm.
When in seclusion, one’s perception of the outside world is not clear.
Tonight, during the massacre incident, Lu Ming was in seclusion and did not immediately realize what was happening.
As for Quan Chao, Roda, and the others, being Spirit Realm experts, their perception had flaws, and since Lu Ming explicitly instructed them to remain still and await developments, they did not go out to investigate.
In short, they were almost unaware of everything happening outside.
At this moment, Roda and the others were in the main hall, listening to the shouts of battle outside, and their faces turned pale.
Roxin spoke, “Listen, it doesn’t sound like a zombie beast attacking the city…”
The other three remained silent.
Unlike Roxin, Roda, Quan Chao, and Uncle Lu were all seasoned individuals and had vaguely guessed the situation outside.
“Should we wake Mr. Lu up?”
Uncle Lu raised this question, causing the others to exchange glances.
They did not know the current situation and whether they should interrupt Lu Ming’s seclusion.
Little did they know that, during their discussion, four figures had boldly walked in through the main gate.
It was the Queen Blade and the three dung beetle generals.
The servants around them completely ignored the four of them, and even Roda, Quan Chao, and the others in the room could not sense their presence – the gap between Source Realm and Spirit Realm was that vast.
From a distance, the Queen Blade heard Roda and the others’ conversation.
She stopped in her tracks, seeming to have thought of something, and a teasing expression appeared on her face.
“In that case, that stoic face in seclusion is indeed the strongest among you.”
“Then I’ll deal with him first. After I turn him into a dung beetle general, how will you little guys react?”
In the eyes of the Queen Blade, this was undoubtedly something to look forward to.
It could bring some relief and fun to a tense life.
With a flash, the Queen Blade had already brought the dung beetle general to Lu Ming’s seclusion room.
Her gentle movements did not arouse Lu Ming’s reaction.
Looking at Lu Ming, who was sitting on the futon in front of her, the Queen Blade’s mouth curled into a cruel smile.
She took out a dung beetle egg, gave it a toss, and the egg appeared by Lu Ming’s lips.
The golden egg seemed to have sensed something and immediately twisted and contorted, taking on a noodle-like shape as it attempted to enter Lu Ming’s body through his lips.
The Queen Blade was getting more and more excited.
She could already imagine what would happen next.
The dung beetle eggs completely disregard the Body Protective techniques. They will push open this person’s lips, shatter his teeth, flow down the throat like jelly, enter the stomach, and then proceed to the excruciating hatching phase!
Despite its unassuming appearance, the hardness of a dung beetle egg far exceeded that of steel.
Once the dung beetle made contact with the person’s lips, everything that followed was inevitable, with no other options.
A crisp thud interrupted the Queen Blade’s thoughts.
She looked at Lu Ming and was suddenly stunned.
She saw that the dung beetle egg on Lu Ming’s lips suddenly let out a weak but sharp scream. Its entire body twitched violently, and detached from Lu Ming’s lips. It fell to the ground and rolled and twisted for a while before becoming completely still.
It could be clearly seen that the tip of the dung beetle egg had shattered.
It had collided with Lu Ming’s steel-like teeth like an egg hitting a rock.
This thing was the core of the dung beetle egg, and once it shattered, the entire dung beetle egg became useless.
The Queen Blade frowned fiercely.
“Your teeth are surprisingly tough!”
A hint of anger surfaced on her face as she looked at Lu Ming and said so.
Lu Ming had been awakened by this point and was staring at the Queen Blade with a bewildered expression.
Exiting the Void Space required a short time to adapt to the changes in the flow of time.
This time was very brief, lasting less than a second.
During this period of time, Lu Ming’s consciousness was a little unclear.
Having just ended his seclusion, he was still somewhat dazed.
However, when he saw the enraged Queen Blade and the dead insect egg in front of him, Lu Ming quickly understood the current situation.
He opened his mouth in a daze, his lips trembling slightly. He slowly reached out and picked up the dead insect egg in front of him.
“This is…”
Looking at the dead insect egg in his hand, Lu Ming’s voice trembled.
No, his entire body was trembling!
“Your big teeth are really hard! Then I’ll shatter all your big teeth!”
The Queen Blade ignored what Lu Ming had said. She smiled cruelly and was about to shatter Lu Ming’s steel teeth when she suddenly sensed a dangerous aura spreading from Lu Ming’s body.
She narrowed her eyes slightly and looked at Lu Ming. She saw that Lu Ming’s body was already trembling uncontrollably.
His entire body trembled crazily like he was having an epilepsy. His face alternated between green and white, and his pupils were also trembling, as if he had fallen into a huge shock.
“What… is this?!”
Lu Ming asked in a daze as he turned his trembling head to look at the Queen Blade.
The Queen Blade pursed her lips and vaguely sensed that something was wrong.
“This is… an insect, right?”
Lu Ming slowly stood up from the ground and brought the dead egg in front of him.
“These are insects…”
He turned his head numbly and looked at the Queen Blade.
“Did you just… feed me insects?”
“Kill him!” Lu Ming’s expression and tone made Queen Blade’s heart tremble and she vaguely felt a chill.
She decisively gave the order and the three dung beetle generals charged at Lu Ming from three angles!
Six short but sharp limbs instantly slashed at the three vital points on Lu Ming’s body like knives. However, with a clang, the protective aura on Lu Ming’s body flashed, and the limbs of the three dung beetle generals exploded on the spot!
They were instantly blasted out of the room due to the tremendous recoil.
Lu Ming, on the other hand, didn’t even flinch.
At that moment, only Lu Ming and the Queen Blade remained in the room.
Lu Ming’s expression gradually became ferocious and terrifying!
He trembled as he crushed the dead insect egg in his hand.
As he looked at the sticky, slippery, and smelly pale yellow liquid slowly flowing down his fingertip, Lu Ming became overwhelmingly stiff!
His facial muscles twitched.
“You, how dare you feed me such a thing…”
“You actually dare to feed me such a thing…”
“You actually dare to feed me such a thing!”
His deafening roar reverberated throughout the city in an instant!
The Queen Blade, who was so close, felt a massive shockwave penetrating her ears. Her ears buzzed, and blood trickled from her ear canals.
She had been deafened.
The overwhelming killing intent left the Queen Blade’s body stiffened and paralyzed.
Her vision blurred and instantly, she saw Lu Ming standing before her.
A large hand mercilessly grabbed the back of the Queen Blade’s head, and with unparalleled strength, Lu Ming pulled the Queen Blade’s head in front of him.
Then, the Queen Blade clearly saw the bloodshot and ferocious gaze in Lu Ming’s eyes.
He said word by word, “Didn’t your mother teach you that insects cannot be eaten!?”


CHAPTER-266
Chapter 266: Completely Crazy!

Lu Ming was not a gourmet.
Lu Ming was not particular about food.
However, at the very least… he knew that dirty things could not be eaten!
As for the insect eggs, they were clearly dirty!
He vaguely recalled the appearance of the insect egg just now—it was like an earthworm.
After crushing it, it was like molten lava…
Moreover, the molten lava was smelly.
Then, he thought of how that thing had died on his teeth just now…
This stunned Lu Ming and he stuck out his trembling tongue and licked his teeth.
It’s smelly…”
“It’s smelly…”
“It’s smelly!!”
The dung beetle egg shattered on Lu Ming’s teeth and naturally left its mark.
It was this mark that made Lu Ming’s eyes turn completely red.
A huge killing intent seeped out of Lu Ming’s body.
It instantly swept through the entire city!
At this moment, Hao Huang suddenly turned around.
At this moment, the zombie beasts outside the city also transferred their perception to Lu Ming.
They could clearly hear an enraged voice rumble like thunder.
“I want to tear you into pieces!!”
Lu Ming was completely crazy!!
It was as if someone had forcefully stuffed an earthworm into his mouth.
“If you’re not careful, you’ll even bite the earthworm’s head apart and eat a little gruel…
Then, there was a problem.
How would you react at this moment?
Lu Ming was actually a rather peaceful person.
He did not like fighting and preferred peace.
However, this did not mean that Lu Ming did not have a temper.
Or rather, he was just good at controlling his temper.
There was a saying: When an honest person gets angry, you won’t even have a chance to kneel.
The huge humiliation instantly broke through Lu Ming’s rationality!
He was furious.
He was manic!
It was like a ball of fire burning fiercely in his heart.
There was no pardon, and it was impossible for him to forgive. At this moment, Lu Ming would not consider the consequences.
Only death could vent the anger in Lu Ming’s heart!
The Queen Blade’s eyes instantly widened.
The bones in her neck made cracking sounds. It was Lu Ming’s left hand that held her tightly, making her unable to move her head.
At the same time, Lu Ming stretched out his right hand, and his ordinary right hand slowly reached for the Queen Blade’s mouth.
“You like to feed worms to others!?”
“You like to break the teeth of others?”
I’ll let you have a taste of this too!”
The irresistible force immediately made the Queen Blade realize that the person in front of her was a complete monster!
Just then, there was a buzzing bang.
A sharp blade aura tore through the space and instantly slashed at Lu Ming’s neck.
However, the Queen Blade’s attack was completely fruitless.
Her hand trembled slightly, and a trace of blood slid from her right index finger. Her nails had already exploded.
The ten nails of the Queen Blade were her strongest weapon and the origin of the name Blade. However, at this moment, facing Lu Ming, her blade could not even break Lu Ming’s Body Protective technique and was even shattered by the recoil!
If one plan didn’t work, another would!
A large amount of source power was attracted by the Queen Blade and condensed into Source Power bullets that smashed towards Lu Ming.
At the same time, the Queen Blade also tried to extract the Source Power in Lu Ming’s body and forcefully reduce his strength.
These were all the innate abilities of Source Realm experts: the way to use source control.
However, at this moment, even if Lu Ming did not activate his Source State, the Queen Blade would not be able to extract the Source Power in Lu Ming’s body!
Those fancy Source Power Bullets could not even scratch an itch!
Just as the Queen Blade was struggling for a short time, Lu Ming’s hand had already pinched the Queen’s mouth.
“Break it! Break it, break it, break it, break it!”
He pinched and rubbed.
The huge force turned the Queen Blade’s mouth into mush on the spot, and her teeth mixed with blood splattered all over the ground.
Lu Ming was even more infuriated as he grabbed the dung beetle general who had returned to the battlefield.
With a simple pinch, the dung beetle’s head was torn off by Lu Ming.
The crazy Lu Ming did not mind that these insects were dirty. He pinched again and again and directly rubbed the head of the dung beetle into a ball of juicy meat. He then ruthlessly stuffed the ball of meat into the Queen Blade’s mouth!
As he stuffed it in, Lu Ming’s eyes were red as he said hoarsely.
“Eat. Don’t you like to eat insects the most?”
“Eat it!
“Crack-”
“Crack-”
Lu Ming’s entire hand reached into the Queen Blade’s throat.
He exerted more strength and directly reached his hand into the Queen Blade’s stomach…
The Queen’s originally beautiful face had already been tortured by Lu Ming.
Her entire jaw had completely shattered, and her teeth and broken bones protruded out in a tearing manner.
Lu Ming’s arm stabbed into the Queen Blade’s body like a stick!
“Eat, eat! I still have more here!”
He pulled out his hand and picked up the headless body of the dung beetle general.
Lu Ming simply stuffed the half-human tall dung beetle into the Queen Blade’s mouth.
Of course, the humanoid Queen Blade could not swallow the dung beetle that was half the height of a human.
But it didn’t matter…
Her mouth was not big enough, and her throat was not big enough… Wouldn’t it be fine if it expanded?
Lu Ming grabbed the dung beetle general in one hand and the Queen Blade in the other. He simply matched the mouth and pressed the two individuals together!
“Pfft!”
“Pfft!”
Squeeze!
He squeezed crazily!
Bones cracked.
Juice splashed!
Until Lu Ming’s both hands touched and clasped together.
In his hands, the thing that might have belonged to the Queen Blade or the dung beetle general had already turned into a meat patty…
He unclasped his hands again.
The meat patty fell to the ground.
Looking at this blurry thing, Lu Ming’s gaze was cold as he said numbly, “Are the bugs delicious?”
The battle in the residence was short and one-sided.
However, Lu Ming’s loud roar just now had already alarmed the entire city.
Standing in front of the meat patty, Lu Ming could clearly sense several Source Realm perceptions sweeping towards him—but he no longer cared.
However, looking at the meat patty on the ground, Lu Ming’s gaze quickly fluctuated again.
“Not dead?”
“Smack!”
The meat patty exploded on the spot. A transparent golden cicada the size of a palm flew out of the meat patty and instantly turned into a golden light that flew into the distance!
Insect Clan secret technique: Source Realm Source Power Skill, Golden Cicada Shedding Shell!
Before the Golden Cicada could fly far, Lu Ming’s figure had already appeared out of thin air in front of the Golden Cicada.
He was even faster than this Golden Cicada!
However, just as Lu Ming stretched out his hand and wanted to grab the Golden Cicada in his hand, he saw the Golden Cicada explode with a bang and become a ball of golden light on the spot.
It was not self-destruction.
Instead, it was a strange escape ability that one was unable to guard against.
This made Lu Ming slowly retract his hand.
“I see…”
His gaze was deep as he slowly closed his eyes.
Unlike ordinary Source Realm experts, an even larger and more obscure perception spread out from Lu Ming’s body.
Therefore, every grass and tree in the city, man and beast, every breath and every small action that brought about the sound of the wind, all fell into Lu Ming’s senses.
This was a perception method unique to Lu Ming derived from an absolutely extraordinary body: Listen!
As well as, Smell!
“Monster.”
A faint voice, accompanied by the smell of the Queen Blade, instantly entered Lu Ming’s ears and nose.
This made Lu Ming suddenly open his eyes and look to his right.
“Found you.”
At this moment, Lu Ming’s voice was calm.
However, the scarlet color in his eyes did not fade at all. Instead, it became even thicker like a sea of blood!
This humiliation drove Lu Ming crazy! It made Lu Ming want to fight the Queen Blade to the death!
“Today, even your god can’t save you.”
“I said it!”


CHAPTER-267
Chapter 267: Fight to the Death!

“Monster, that’s a monster…”
Queen Blade, who had come back from the dead and escaped, trembled in fear.
That absolute, overwhelming power made Queen Blade feel completely powerless, like an insect egg facing the mother insect, unable to put up any resistance!
But soon, Queen Blade quickly suppressed the fear on her face and regained her cold arrogance.
The bone armor on her body appeared to cover her exposed areas, and Queen Blades looked back.
In the distance, Hao Huang was approaching quickly.
This place was the Giant Clan’s military camp.
It was also the place chosen by Queen Blade for her resurrection!
“What just happened?”
This was the first thing Hao Huang said.
Just as he was about to say something else, a loud bang interrupted everything! “Boom!”
In the sky, a thunderous sound rang out like a bolt from the blue.
In the next second, a figure descended from the sky with unparalleled killing intent, landing directly in front of Queen Blade and Hao Huang!
It was Lu Ming!
At this moment, Lu Ming’s face was calm, but his eyes were bloodshot.
He looked at Queen Blade, with a sea of blood and killing intent in his eyes!
Such a gaze made Queen Blade tremble all over, and she almost lost control of her bladder.
Fortunately, she held it in.
Not only did she hold it in, but she immediately spoke with cold arrogance. “Hao Huang, he’s already seriously injured. Let’s join forces to kill him!” This was the evil plan that Queen Blade had thought of in the split second before her previous death!
Collaboration?
No, this was called diverting the trouble!
Hao Huang:”???”
Hao Huang really wanted to ask what the current situation was.
But Lu Ming did not even look at Hao Huang from beginning to end.
He just raised his leg and slowly walked towards Queen Blade.
At first, he was slow, but he walked faster and faster.
The tempestuous killing intent pierced through Queen Blade’s body like surging waves, causing a series of goosebumps to appear on her skin.
She couldn’t help but scream, “Hao Huang, save me!”
“Boom!”
Lu Ming tore through the air and instantly appeared in front of Queen Blade.
Lu Ming reached out with his left hand and grabbed Queen Blade by the back of her neck, like catching a chicken, once again holding Blade Queen in his hand. “No one can save you!”
He gritted his teeth and spat out these words, but Hao Huang’s voice suddenly came from behind.
“Friend, don’t you think you’re disrespecting me, Hao Huang and my Giant
Clan by your words and your act?”
Lu Ming turned around and saw Hao Huang with his arms crossed, and an unfriendly expression.
He pointed to the ground.
“This place is the army camp of our Giant Clan, and Queen Blade in your hands is an ally of our Giant Clan.”
“You want to kill our ally on our territory.”
“Isn’t this inappropriate?”
Hao Huang did not have the intention to directly indicate hostility towards Lu Ming.
But he had a point with this place.
What kind of place was a military camp?
This was essentially the external territory of a clan!
Now, in the territory of the Giant Clan, Lu Ming wanted to act against the allies of the Giant Clan…
If there were no witnesses, it would be one thing, but now, with nearly a thousand pairs of eyes watching, if Hao Huang did not take a stand, it would undoubtedly damage the face of the Giant Clan and his own face as well.
As for the Giant Clan, they were passionate and very prideful…
As soon as Hao Huang finished speaking, Lu Ming remained silent for a long time.
He just looked at Queen Blade in his hand, then raised his head and glanced at Hao Huang, who seemed calm but was actually so nervous that his muscles were tense.
“Is this place your Giant Clan’s camp?”
“The camp of your Giant Clan!?”
As he muttered, Lu Ming also pointed to the ground beneath him, “If 1 remember correctly, this place should be the training ground of my Land God Association, right!?”
Yes, this place used to be the training ground of the Land God Association…
“You guys came to Archean Asia City, fine, we’ll welcome you with good food and drinks.”
“You want to find someone, fine, we’ll send people to help you find them.”
“You want to station troops, that’s fine too, we’ll provide you with convenience.”
“I’ll give you whatever you want. Whatever you say, we do it.”
“We’ve even given you Archean City!”
“What happened in the end?”
He picked up Queen Blade and swung her hard, causing the bones in Queen Blade’s body to crack.
“In the end, one of you massacred the city, and the other wanted to feed me bugs!”
“I’ve already given you the city, yet you still want my life?!”
The more Lu Ming thought about it, the angrier he became!
Originally, when he was calm, he was willing to give up some things that belonged to him,things that were unimportant for the sake of peace—for example, The Land God Association.
However, when Lu Ming got angry, things changed.
In the end, Lu Ming was just an ordinary person.
When anger rushed to his head, Lu Ming could be furious, agitated, and vent all his pent-up dissatisfaction.
Some things that could be negotiated became impossible to negotiate under a fit of rage!
“Now, I’ll give you two choices.”
“Rake your Giant brats and get out of Archean City!”
“Otherwise, all of you can forget about surviving!” Lu Ming smiled sinisterly, revealing his steel teeth. After saying this to Hao Huang, he saw Hao Huang’s expression turn cold on the spot.
“Merely…”
With a bang, Hao Huang’s body was instantly sent flying, and in midair, a large amount of blood sprayed out of every pore in his body.
He had been slapped out of the military camp by Lu Ming.
“It seems that he chose the latter…” A calm voice came from Lu Ming’s mouth. Then, Lu Ming pulled Queen Bladeto his front and said, “And you won’t even have the right to choose.”
Outside the city, in the Hundred Thousand Mountains region.
Since the first wave of zombie beasts attacked the city, there were several
Source Realm zombie beasts hidden in the shadows, quietly observing everything inside Archean City.
Tonight, when the Giant Clan army inside Archean City began its massacre, this news had already been transmitted to the rear by the zombie beasts.
Not far from Archean City, less than a hundred kilometers away, the Zombie Beast King named Esek slowly opened his eyes.
The purplish-black mist lingering around him slowly receded into Esek’s body.
His lips parted slightly as he muttered to himself.
“Massacre the city?”
“Oh, the Giant-Spirit Blood Sacrifice, right… and the Insect Clan, what trump card will they play?”
“Hyper-reproduction? Beetle God’s Descent? Or the Radiance of the Insect Mother?”
“I can’t guess… but obviously, under pressure, Hao Huang and Queen Blade have to make a move.”
As an old adversary, Esek basically knew very well what cards Hao Huang and Queen Blade could play.
“As for me, I obviously won’t give them the opportunity to launch their attacks.”
Although he had already accumulated enough power to deal with everything, Essek had no reason to wait foolishly for his opponents to make their moves.
This was not a turn-based game…
Getting up from the ground, Esek raised his head to the sky and let out a long howl, the sound echoing and quickly spreading in all directions.
As a result, countless footsteps and flying sounds could be heard from the depths of the mountain.
Esek turned around and looked in the direction of Archean City.
He took the lead in taking steps towards Archean City, like a general rushing to the battlefield.
Behind him, the purple mist and the overwhelming aura of death filled the sky..


CHAPTER-268
Chapter 268: Must Not Be Humiliated

A massage from head to toe, penetrating deep into the bone marrow.
This was what Lu Ming had done to Queen Blade.
It was also what Queen Blade had experienced.
Of course, this massage session would not be complete without a little snack – the six remaining insect eggs of Queen Blade and the two remaining dung beetle generals all became part of Queen Blade’s meal.
About ten minutes later, the massage was over.
As expected, another golden cicada flew out of the blurry flesh and instantly disappeared.
“Your secret technique is not bad, but you picked the wrong opponent, you bitch!”
Lu Ming cursed, abandoning his usual affable demeanor – this meant that Lu Ming’s anger had not subsided…
Fight to the death, it was not just an empty phrase!
Moreover, Lu Ming had already sensed that Queen Blade, who had come back from the dead, had dropped from Source Realm Level Three to Source Realm Level Two in terms of strength.
He also had a rough understanding of the mechanism of this golden cicada shell shedding technique.
Use it once, drop one level.
In other words, the strength of Queen Blade had already regressed to Source Realm Level One.
As for the secret technique of Golden Cicada Shell Shedding, Spirit Realm individuals probably could not use it – the reserved Source Power in their bodies could not supply the consumption of the technique.
Therefore, Queen Blade could probably resurrect one more time at most, or maybe not even once.
“I’m looking forward to seeing how many more times you can resurrect.”
“I still have many games I want to enjoy with you!”
As he spoke, Lu Ming turned around and looked behind him.
Behind him, Hao Huang, who was covered in blood, had already returned from outside the city. He was leading an army of nearly ten thousand soldiers, surrounding Lu Ming in the center.
“Cough cough… The Giant Clan must not be humiliated!”
At this moment, Hao Huang coughing as if his internal organs were injured, said to Lu Ming.
He looked at Lu Ming and could see the deep killing intent in Lu Ming’s eyes.
Lu Ming also looked at him and could also see the determination and stubbornness in Hao Huang’s eyes.
If earlier, Hao Huang still had thoughts of calming the situation, then the moment Lu Ming slapped him away, there was no room for reconciliation between the two!
Because, just as he had said, the Giant Clan must not be humiliated!
Just like Lu Ming himself must not be humiliated.
But Lu Ming just laughed.
He closed his eyes and activated his perception.
On one hand, it was to search for the whereabouts of Queen Blade.
On the other hand, he could not help but sense the various tragedies that had happened in the city.
Slaughter.
Humiliation.
When the order to massacre the city was given, the soldiers naturally turned into wild beasts.
They swung their butcher knives at unarmed individuals and unleashed the flames and sins in their hearts without restraint!
There were cries of agony.
There were mournful cries.
There were cries from women being abused.
There were also the sounds of children being torn apart and devoured.
This made Lu Ming’s smile even more twisted.
“The Giant Clan must not be humiliated?”
“So, others can be humiliated, right?”
Hao Huang did not comment on this, he just slowly stretched out his hand. With the fluctuation of Source Power, the towering blood-red flag standing not far away flew into Hao Huang’s hand.
On the other side, Lu Ming seemed to be oblivious to all of this. He just spoke slowly and leisurely,
“I’ve been in this Black Mist Zone for a year now.”
“Although I don’t usually go out, 1 can still tell something from many small matters and details.”
“Your so-called ‘must not be humiliated’ just means you can’t let others humiliate you, but you can humiliate others without any restraint.”
“But to be honest, it’s nothing more than the law of the jungle.”
“The strong can humiliate others, destroy others without reason or cause, as if it’s a matter of course.”
“And when you encounter an existence stronger than you, you shout, ‘We must not be humiliated. If you insult me, you’ve caused a huge problem, you’ve done wrong.’ What kind of bandit logic is that!?”
“So, weaklings,” Lu Ming muttered in a low voice, as if an ancient god was whispering, “put away your brave warrior expression of facing death with equanimity and restrain your pride in fighting for honor and your clan!” “Because your so-called honor disgusts me!”
Hao Huang turned a deaf ear to all of this and he just slowly waved the big flag. At the same time, he said loudly, “All troops, get into formation!”
“Roar!”
A uniform shout came from the army formation.
And then, the situation changed drastically.
As the army formation solidified, Lu Ming vaguely felt the aura of the surrounding army were instantly connected.
The auras of the Giant Clan warriors resonated with each other. This was also the only way for the army to resist the control of Source Power of Source Realm experts, and the only way for the army to participate in the battle against the experts!
Opposite Lu Ming.
The blood-colored flag in Hao Huang’s hand became even denser.
A drop of scarlet liquid seeped out of the flag and dripped onto Hao Huang’s head.
The moment the two came into contact, Hao Huang’s skin instantly turned red, like a cooked prawn.
The muscles swelled, twisted, and tangled, causing his height to double in an instant from nearly ten meters to twenty meters!
It was like a tall building standing before Lu Ming.
Hao Huang opened his eyes again, his eyes were filled with the same bloodlust and madness.
This was the trump card Hao Huang had prepared, and also the source of the massacre—the Giant Spirit Blood Sacrifice!
By combining the blood of thousands of races with the blood of the Giant Spirits, consuming it could enhance one’s strength to the pinnacle of the Source Realm!
This was originally prepared for the zombie beast tide, but at this moment, Hao Huang could not care about anything else.
“Die!”
A low-frequency booming sound echoed in Lu Ming’s ears.
Hao Huang threw the Giant Spirit Flag aside and took giant steps towards Lu Ming!
He raised both fists and smashed down with all his might, and two pale golden roulette wheels appeared and spun from his fists.
“Infinite Rotating Wheels!”
“Boom!”
His fists smashed into the ground, raising a cloud of dust. In the midst of the dust, Hao Huang’s painful groans could be heard.
Lu Ming stood rooted to the ground like a nail. He did not do anything, but Hao Huang’s fists seemed to have hit a nail and were pierced by Lu Ming’s body.
“Weak…”
“You’re incredibly weak.”
As he muttered, Lu Ming’s body began to expand.
The muscles on his body twisted and expanded as well. In a short period of time, he grew to a height of 20 meters!
This was Lu Ming’s Conventional State!
Yes, a body within two meters or even ten meters could no longer accommodate Lu Ming’s exponentially increasing power. The power of limitless growth required a larger body and more cells to serve as the foundation for that power!
As Lu Ming’s body rapidly expanded, the fists that had penetrated Hao Huang’s body swelled up like balloons, and then finally exploded.
He looked at Lu Ming with panic and fear in his eyes, as if he could not imagine that even after absorbing the Giant Spirit Blood, the gap between him and Lu Ming would still be as vast as the abyss!
He did not give Hao Huang a chance to think again.
Lu Ming again raised his fists and smashed down.
“A regular punch.”
Boom!
The heavy fist descended at high speed and smashed straight onto Hao Huang’s head.
The moment Lu Ming’s fist made contact with Hao Huang’s head, Hao Huang’s head completely shattered and dissipated into ashes.
Next, it was his neck, chest, abdomen, and finally the space between his legs.
Hao Huang was split into two and fell to both sides. The part in the middle that was struck by Lu Ming’s heavy punch seemed to have disappeared without a trace.
The army fell into a state of panic.
But suddenly, a “rumble” was heard.
Lu Ming’s legs propelled him and he soared into the air instantly.
In midair, Lu Ming raised his fists once again.
“Eightfold Fist, continuous punches!”
Countless fist lights rained down from the sky, covering the entire training ground in an instant!


CHAPTER-269
Chapter 269: Ancient Realm!

The Golden Cicada suddenly appeared in the last intact insect nest outside the city and quickly transformed into the appearance of Queen Blade.
Staying right where she was, Queen Blade was gasping frantically.
At this moment, she no longer had that excitement of deceiving Hao Huang just now, and deep fear appeared on her face.
“Source Realm… Source Realm Level One.”
“If I die one more time… just once, my power will regress to the Spirit Realm and I won’t be able to activate the Golden Cicada Shell Shedding technique.”
By that time, if she died again, she would really die.
She vaguely recalled the two deaths just now.
A profound sense of shame instantly filled Queen Blade’s entire body!
‘No…’
Not just that.
Shame was completely irrelevant. What was important was that the taste of death had triggered a heartfelt shudder from within Queen Blade.
“I don’t want to die…”
“I don’t want to die…”
“Boom!”
A huge energy fluctuation emanated from the city—Hao Huang was already engaged in a battle with Lu Ming.
However, the sounds of battle came and went fast.
Without needing to witness anything firsthand, Queen Blade realized one thing – Hao Huang could not hold on…
He could not withstand it at all!
So, no one could save her!
“No! I don’t want to die!!”
Queen Blade’s beautiful face suddenly contorted, and she paced back and forth, quickly making up her mind.
“This is the only way.”
She quickly approached the mother insect and reached out to touch it.
“Requesting to establish long-range communication.”
“The communication parties, Queen Blade, and Cockroach Night.”
The long-range communication was quickly connected.
At this moment, there was a hint of disgust on Queen Blades’ face, but her tone was unprecedentedly coquettish.
“Brother Cockroach Night? Is that you?”
“It’s me, it’s me. Sister Blade, why do you have the time to contact me? Could it be the matter I mentioned last time…”
“I agree.” After saying this, the disgust in Queen Blades’ eyes deepened. “I agree to become your mate. I will provide you with my genes and my fertility and give birth to thousands of offspring you desire.”
The other party’s breathing suddenly became heavy.
“But now, I’m in trouble. 1 need your help.”
As the saying went, it was the hardest to accept the favor of a beautiful woman.
Hearing what his beloved mother insect had said, the male insect called Cockroach Night immediately said, “I won’t hesitate to climb a mountain of blades or go through a sea of fire!”
“I encountered an enemy of the Ancient Realm. He’s hunting me now. Brother Night, your army is not far from the Hundred Thousand Mountains. See if you can ask your family to save my life.”
After saying that, Queen Blade said in a gentler tone, “As long as you save me once, I’ll do anything in the future—”
Cockroach Night fell silent.
An enemy of the Ancient Realm…
This was really not to be trifled with…
After thinking for a long time, Cockroach Night gritted its teeth and said, “I’ll beg my second uncle. It’s most likely possible to save you, but it’s probably a little difficult to kill the opponent. You also know that my second uncle has just broken through to the Ancient Realm…”
“Boom!”
The loud noise from the outside world made Queen Blade shudder.
Before Cockroach Night could finish speaking, she immediately screamed, “Quick! Hurry up! He’s here!”
“Boom!”
The top of the nest suddenly exploded.
A figure descended from the sky and landed in front of Queen Blade.
Queen Blade was suddenly stunned because what appeared before her was not Lu Ming but a monster with the head of Esek.
At this moment, Esek looked at Queen Blade’s panicked face and could not help but laugh wildly!
“Calling for help?”
“Cockroach Night?”
“His second uncle?”
“Oh ho ho ho ho!”
“And, Iceberg Beauty of the Insect Clan, how did you know…”
Esek slowly extended its claws.
The four knife-like nails on its right claw flickered with a faint purple light.
But what was most eye-catching was the faint golden pattern on the back of his right hand.
The patterns were exquisite and glossy, vaguely forming the shape of a magatama.
When she saw this golden pattern, Queen Blade’s expression changed. Seeing this, Esek’s laughter became even more arrogant.
“How did you know that I’ve already reached the Ancient Realm?!”
Just one move would be so devastating that not even a single blade of grass would grow.
Lu Ming, who was 20 meters tall and looked more like a giant than the giants in the Giant Clan, stood at the center of the drill ground.
His gaze swept around, but there was no worthy opponent in sight!
“Source Realm Peak? That’s all!”
Muttering in a dull voice, Lu Ming also knew that his power system had diverged from the normal source-powered extraordinary system.
He could defeat Hao Huang because under normal circumstances, Lu Ming’s physical strength far surpassed Hao Huang’s!
Yes, it far exceeded, not just by one or two times, but by orders of magnitude! Possibly not just a single-digit difference.
This immense difference in physical strength, combined with the characteristic of the Force System that ignored the enemy’s protective techniques, made it impossible for Hao Huang to withstand even a single attack from Lu Ming!
“But there’s something strange…”
“That is, Haohuang’s Source Power control ability seems to be ineffective against me.”
Just now, the Infinite Rotating Wheel that Hao Huang had used contained the characteristics of a Source Realm expert, the ability to control source power!
In this move, the first thing to compare was the control of source power by both sides. If the opponent’s source power control was inferior to Hao Huang’s, then his source power would be sucked dry by the Infinite Rotating Wheel, rendering him completely defenseless.
As for Lu Ming’s Source Power control, it was clearly inferior to the Source Realm Peak, Hao Huang.
He only had the source power control characteristic when in the Source State. Moreover, the characteristics were not strong and were slightly weaker than the Source Realm Level One, only suitable for dealing with weaker opponents.
Previously, Queen Blade had also tried to use source power control on Lu Ming, but she could not extract any source power from within Lu Ming’s body.
At that time, Lu Ming thought that it was because his physical strength was too strong, making him immune to the source power control of a Source Realm Level Three.
But Lu Ming was mistaken.
As Hao Huang’s Infinite Wheel approached him, Lu Ming clearly sensed that the source power within him was indeed showing signs of losing control—this meant that the control of source power was still effective on him.
However, under the protection of the light of the protective technique, Hao Huang’s control of source power was in vain…
“It’s a body protective technique.”
“However, 1 really didn’t expect that the transformed body protective technique could actually withstand the source power control of a Source Realm Peak expert…”
With this in mind, Lu Ming opened the attribute panel and looked at the body protective technique column.
And there, it was clearly written:
Yin-Yang Mirror (Divine Ability).
Additional special effects: Absolute Defense (Level 1), Flame Vigor Burning, Enhanced Repulsive Force, Nourishment.
Yes, when Queen Blade sneaked into Lu Ming’s room and fed Lu Ming the insects, Lu Ming was cultivating the Yin-Yang Mirror to the Divine Power Realm.
Not only did this bring Lu Ming new special effects, but the accumulation of new special effects seemed to have the effect of triggering a qualitative change in quantity, causing Lu Ming’s protective technique special effects to completely integrate!
A large number of characteristics such as defense strengthening and elemental resistance were integrated into a special effect called Absolute Defense (Level 1).
“Also, what does this thing mean?”
Lowering his head to look at his chest, Lu Ming could vaguely see a silver wave-like pattern appearing on his chest.
This strange thing appeared out of thin air on Lu Ming’s body after the special effects integration.
Although it was strange, Lu Ming realized that this thing posed no danger to him at all and might even be a part of himself.
If he could not figure it out, he would not think about it.
After simply getting his bearings, Lu Ming looked outside the city.
That was the location where Queen Blade was!


CHAPTER-270
Chapter 270: The Source of Magic, the Foundation of Matter! The Power of Rules!

If Source Realm experts were like high-ranking officers in one’s domain, then Ancient Realm experts were the absolute overlords within each of the major clans.
If Source Realm experts were like the armored units of major clans, then Ancient Realm experts were the nuclear weapons within the clans!
When superhumans arrived at the Ancient Realm, their strength would undergo a profound transformation.
It was this step of transformation that gave the Ancient Realm experts a status and power far beyond those of the Source Realm!
When Queen Blade saw the magatama-like golden patterns on the back of Esek’s hand, she was completely stunned.
“How is this possible… You were previously at Level three of Source Realm, how did you become an Ancient Realm expert now?”
“And not just any Ancient Realm, it’s the Foundation of Matter!”
Looking at Esek, Queen Blade trembled all over.
Esek, on the other hand, was not in a hurry to attack…
Queen Blade trembled all over.There was a complete contrast between the Ancient Realm and the Source Realm!
In the face of absolute strength, everything happening now was completely under Esek’s control—he had plenty of time and was in the mood to have a chat with Queen Blade.
To put it bluntly, he had suddenly come into power and wanted to show off his presence in front of an “old friend.”
“This is the gift of the Corpse God!” Esek’s hand slowly swept across his beastly body. Even though that body was disgusting enough to make people want to vomit, Esek had a look of ecstasy on his face.
This was because appearance did not matter at all. What was important was the strength this body possessed!
Indeed, Esek used to be just a Source Realm Level Three, but after fusing with the son of the Beast King, his body underwent some unexpected changes.
Esek was not sure of the specifics of the changes, but it was an indisputable fact that he had reached the Ancient Realm.
With this in mind, Esek sat down on the ground.
Looking at Queen Blade, who no longer had the cold and arrogant expression on her face, but was in a state of panic, Esek smiled and said, “Dance for me.” Queen Blade,”???”
“I want to see the pendulum dance.”
After making an unreasonable request, Esek said, “In any case, we have time.
I’m also thinking of waiting for that Cockroach Night’s second uncle to see how capable your Insect Clan’s Ancient Realm is…”
With that, he spread his hands, “We have nothing to do anyway. We should find some entertainment, right?”
This was called: Encircling the enemy post and attacking the reinforcements!
Queen Blade fell into a long silence.
There were rumbling footsteps outside which kept getting closer and closer.
Esek could not help but turn his head and look outside when the ceiling above them was lifted away with a “boom,” and Lu Ming, with his large face, looked down at the wormhole.
“Oh, 1 found you.”
After saying this, he completely ignored Esek, who was sitting at the side, and just reached out to grab Queen Blade.
This made Queen Blade scream in terror, “I’ll dance! 1’11 dance for you! Esek, save me!”
Esek frowned and was about to intervene when he vaguely saw the wavy silver pattern on Lu Ming’s chest through his clothes.
This stunned Esek for a moment before he stopped his impending attack.
However, when he saw Queen Blade in Lu Ming’s hand, he smiled gently at Lu Ming.
“She’s also my enemy, but she’s not an enemy that I have to personally deal with.”
“Moreover, it’s not a wise choice to fight you, who is also in the Ancient Realm, for a dance.”
With that said, Esek gestured to Lu Ming, “Please do as you please.”
Esek’s mind was still clear.
He could tell that Lu Ming had a grudge against Queen Blade.
He could also see that Lu Ming had a deadly intent towards Queen Blade.
Although he felt a bit regretful about giving up Queen Blade so easily, it was not enough reason for him to start a war with another Ancient Realm.
In the absence of personal enmity or racial enmity, Ancient Realm experts generally would not choose to fight experts of the same level.
On the contrary, Lu Ming raised an eyebrow when he heard Esek’s words.
After thinking for a moment, he retracted his normal state, shifting into his Self-Limitation State. Then, he grabbed Queen Blade and jumped into the wormhole, standing in front of Esek.
Lu Ming sized up Esek and soon saw the golden pattern on the back of Esek’s hand.
“Ancient Realm?”
Muttering like this, Lu Ming pointed at the golden pattern on the back of Esek’s hand and then at the silver pattern on his own chest.
“Is this the symbol of the Ancient Realm?”
Esek and Queen Blades were both stunned.
Esek did not expect Lu Ming, who was at the Ancient Realm, to be so ignorant.
Queen Blade also did not expect that Lu Ming was indeed an Ancient Realm!
She had not noticed the silver patterns under Lu Ming’s clothes before.
Esek said with a strange expression, “Your background is…”
Lu Ming replied, “Nameless small clan.”
“No wonder…” After saying that, Esek smiled and continued, “It just so happens that I don’t have anything to do now, so I’ll talk to you about the Ancient Realm. It’s also good for you.”
He indeed had the intention to befriend Lu Ming.
After all, it was always good to have more friends in the Ancient Realm.
Lu Ming thought for a moment and began to give Queen Blade a massage as he nodded at Essex and said, “Thank you.”
The crisp sounds of cracking and the screams of Queen Blade formed the soundtrack for this conversation.
Esek looked at Lu Ming’s atrocity with a strange expression. He wanted to ask Lu Ming how much hatred he had for Queen Blade, but after thinking about it, he did not ask and just went straight to the point.
“The characteristic of a Source Realm expert is source power control.”
“The characteristic of an Ancient Realm expert is the power of the natural order.”
With that said, he pointed at his golden pattern and then at Lu Ming’s silver pattern. He said, “Magic pattern, nomological pattern, is the embodiment of the power of laws.”
Therefore, the wavy silver pattern on Lu Ming’s chest was called a mystical pattern.
This made Lu Ming frown and think deeply. After thinking for a moment, he asked, “Yours has a golden pattern, while mine has a silver pattern. The shape is also different. Is there any difference between the two?”
Esek nodded, “Of course there’s a difference.”
“That silver pattern of yours is called the Source of Magic. It’s a magic pattern that appears after you cultivate a Source Realm or Ancient Realm source power skill to the Divine Power Realm.”
“As for mine, called the Foundation of Matter, is the mystical pattern born after researching a certain thing to the extreme.”
The two patterns had different origins.
“There’s also a difference in power.”
Esek thought for a moment and continued, “Brother, I’ll be honest with you. Advancing to the Ancient Realm through the Source of Magic method is the most common way in our Black Mist Zone. You just need to cultivate a Source Realm or Ancient Realm source power skill to the Divine Power Realm, and you can give birth to the Source of Magic, thus advancing to the Ancient Realm.”
“However, the Foundation of Matter, the golden pattern, is different. To give birth to the Foundation of Matter, you need to have a deep understanding of the essence of something. Only then can you create the Foundation of Matter.”
“The difference between the two is not small at all. The power of a single Foundation of Matter pattern can even be stronger than the power of three Source of Magic silver patterns..”


CHAPTER-271
Chapter 271: The So-called Ancient Realm

After Lu Ming had briefly digested the information, he nodded and said, “So the level of the Foundation of Matter pattern is higher than the level of Source of Magic silver patterns, right?”
Esek nodded gently, “Generally speaking, that’s indeed the case, but we can’t rule out special circumstances. For example, some very powerful Source Silver Patterns generated by extraordinary Source Power techniques may not necessarily be weaker than Gold Patterns. It depends on the individual.”
Lu Ming nodded to show that he understood. Then, he asked, “Are there only these two types of magic patterns?”
“No, not only these two types, but there’s also another type, the Eye of Flesh and Blood.”
“The Eye of Flesh and Blood?”
“Yes, the strongest mystical pattern born from breaking through the restrictions of the rules with absolute physical strength, the Eye of Flesh and Blood!”
Speaking of the Eye of Flesh and Blood, Esek could not help but sigh. “However, ordinary people can’t obtain the Eye of Flesh and Blood. It’s said that if one wants to give birth to the Eye of Flesh and Blood, the physical strength required is ridiculously high. Before the Eye of Flesh and Blood is born, the benefits of cultivating Body Forging techniques are far inferior to the benefits of cultivating Source Power Skills. It’s also because of this that almost no one pursues this path.”
Previously, Flame Heart had said that from the Spirit Realm onwards, superhumans under the Source Power Extraordinary System no longer paid attention to their physical strength but prioritized Source Power.
This was the case for both the Source Realm and the Ancient Realm.
The conditions for the birth of the Eye of Flesh and Blood were extremely harsh. Even with Lu Ming’s current physical strength, the Eye of Flesh and Blood had not been born. It was enough to show how difficult it was for this thing to be born.
In other words, it would be better for Ancient Realm experts to spend their time enhancing their physical attributes and using them to cultivate source power skills.
Although cultivating a Source Power skill to the Divine Power Realm was also a long process and required a certain level of life-and-death combat experience and insights into battles, it was still much faster than obtaining the Eye of Flesh and Blood.
Spending the time required to cultivate a hundred Source of Magic patterns might not even guarantee the creation of a single Eye of Flesh and Blood… The difference in power between the two was not as exaggerated as a hundredfold.
Lu Ming nodded again to show that he understood before asking another question.
“Mr. Esek, 1 have one more question.”
“Please go ahead.”
Lu Ming was silent for a long time before saying, “If, I mean if, a person can cultivate a large number of Source Power Skills at the Mortal Realm and the Physique Realm to the Divine Power Realm, is it possible for them to obtain the Source of Magic silver patterns?”
Esek was slightly stunned. After thinking seriously, he replied, “It’s probably possible…”
From his tone, it was evident that Esek was not entirely sure.
“Actually, the process of obtaining the Source of Magic silver patterns is to constantly deepen one’s comprehension of a certain Source Power skill.”
“Source Realm and Ancient Realm source power skills have lofty ideals and have vaguely touched upon the essence of Source Power. Therefore, studying them can allow one to obtain the Source of Magic silver patterns.”
“However, Source Power skills below the Spirit Realm do not have lofty ideals, and grasping the essence of Source Power from them is quite unusual and difficult.”
“But… it’s not impossible that a quantitative change could lead to a qualitative change. After all, all Source Power skills are related to Source Power, and all roads lead to the Corpse God Territory.”
However, even though this reasoning made sense, no one had verified this experiment.
How could normal people have the time to cultivate 10 to 20 low-level Source Power skills to the Divine Power Realm?
Even if someone was exceptionally talented and could cultivate Source Power skills at a rapid speed… Why wouldn’t he focus on advancing to higher-level skills sooner? Why waste his talents on lower-level skills?
After Esek finished speaking, Lu Ming thought for a moment and asked, “If a person really obtains the Source of Magic silver patterns through this method, but his strength is only at the Spirit Realm or even lower, can he be considered an Ancient Realm expert?”
This question caused Esek to furrow his brows.
He gave Lu Ming a strange look and then whispered, “Brother Lu, don’t tell me you…”
Lu Ming immediately laughed and said, “Of course I’m not that kind of person. It’s just a hypothetical scenario, do you understand?”
Esek shrugged and did not probe further, and just said, “Yes.”
“Of course!”
“And such individuals do exist.”
With that said, Esek added, “Of course, they are not the ones who obtained the Source of Magic silver patterns by cultivating many low-level Source Power skills and becoming Ancient Realm experts. Instead, some talented individuals learned the Source Power skills from Source Realm or Ancient Realm, thereby advancing directly to the Ancient Realm!”
“There are even some extremely rare treasures that can enable ordinary people to directly obtain Fundamental Patterns of Matter, ascending from being ordinary mortals to the Ancient Realm in a single step.”
Lu Ming raised an eyebrow and asked, “Then, what is the significance of the Spirit Realm and the Source Realm?”
Since there was a direct path to the Ancient Realm, what was the point of the lower levels before the Ancient Realm?
To this, Esek only shook his head and said, “What meaning does the Ancient Realm have to the gods?”
“In essence, the Mortal, Physique, Spirit, Source and Ancient Realms, the five levels of the Superordinary System, represent steady progress step by step. The scenarios we discussed earlier are shortcuts. Both paths can lead to the Ancient Realm, but the shortcut is difficult to traverse and is not accessible to ordinary people.”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and could not help but nod, “That makes sense.”
Geniuses and lucky individuals followed a different path than ordinary people, and the two could not be compared.
“Then, the next question is, how are the levels within the Ancient Realm calculated and assessed?”
Esek said, “Assessed by the number of mystical patterns.”
“1-9 mystical patterns constitute level one of the Ancient Realm.”
“10-19 mystical patterns constitute level two of the Ancient Realm.”
“And so on.”
“There’s no limit to the number of mystical patterns one can have. So, when one has more than 90 mystical patterns, one is considered a quasi-godly level.”
However, this standard is just a general division. This is because the nature of the mystical patterns is different. In fact, the strength of the mystical patterns of the same nature is also different. Therefore, it’s impossible to fully evaluate the strength of Ancient Realm experts solely based on data.”
“Even a level nine Ancient Realm expert might not necessarily be stronger than a certain level one Ancient Realm expert with unique circumstances.”
At this point, Esek sighed slightly, “Therefore, there’s another saying. No matter how many mystical patterns there are, as long as one can defeat the combined forces of three level nine Ancient Realm experts, they can be considered quasi-divine level experts.”
“In short, as the last level of the Source Power Superordinary system, there are far more rules and regulations in the Ancient Realm than below the Ancient Realm.”
“The gap in combat strength is also much larger.”
Lu Ming nodded to show that he understood.
After that, Lu Ming said, “One last request.”
Esek smiled. “Please go on.”
“I want to test the strength of my mystical patterns.”
Esek was slightly stunned. When he sensed that Lu Ming’s gaze was locked on his mystical patterns, he understood what Lu Ming meant.
He hesitated for a moment and said, “It’s possible, but the difference between gold and silver patterns is indeed not small.”
“As for my foundational mystical patterns, it’s essentially the poison of zombie beasts… If you use me as a guinea pig, the danger is uncontrollable.”
Lu Ming was silent. With a little strength, he broke the neck of Queen Blade.
Then, he tossed the body of Queen Blade aside, paid no attention to the Golden Cicada that had taken flight once again, and stood up to respectfully bow to Esek.
“I’ll bear all the consequences myself.”
Facing Lu Ming’s determined gaze, Esek nodded slightly.
“Very well.”
With that said, he opened his mouth.. As the golden pattern on the back of his hand flashed, a wisp of purple mist flew out of his mouth and landed on Lu Ming’s body!


CHAPTER-272
Chapter 272: Self-Assessment

Sizzle, sizzle ~
The sound, similar to the corrosion of steel by strong acid, suddenly emanated from Lu Ming’s body.
The moment the purplish-black poisonous gas landed on Lu Ming’s body, silver light emerged from his body again.
The purple poisonous gas, like a living creature, desperately burrowed into Lu Ming’s body, while the protective light on Lu Ming’s body acted like an armor, desperately resisting the purple poisonous gas.
As the two of them fought intensely, the silver patterns on Lu Ming’s chest also began to flash wildly.
“Your source of magic comes from a body protective technique.”
Esek muttered and then said, “It’s a very conventional path.”
There were many people who had advanced to the Ancient Realm through body protective techniques, more than other types.
This method was simple, but not very powerful, belonging to the lower tier of the Ancient Realm.
Esek remained silent and just watched as the purple poisonous gas slowly burned through Lu Ming’s body protective technique, making direct contact with his skin.
“It’s even weaker than the lowest tier, unable to withstand even a single blow…”
“Therefore, I estimate that this person must have used a large number of Spirit
Realm or even lower-level protective techniques to create these silver patterns.”
Esek was not a fool.
From Lu Ming’s words just now, he vaguely guessed Lu Ming’s situation. At this moment, he was not surprised to see this scene and just felt pity in his heart.
“Exceptional talent but an unfortunate background. An unfortunate background means insufficient resources. Using a large number of low-level defensive techniques to create these silver patterns, their strength is even weaker than the ordinary methods.”
Thinking of this, Esek shook his head, “If it’s only at this level, I’m afraid you won’t be able to withstand my Zombie Beast Poison…”
Strictly speaking, although Esek’s Zombie Beast Poison, while being the Foundation of Matter, was not very potent.
This was because the essence of the Zombie Beast Poison was to infect and transform exotic beasts into zombie beasts.
Both toxicity and corrosiveness were incidental and secondary.
According to Esek’s own evaluation, the direct lethality of Zombie Beast Poison was probably only slightly stronger than the silver patterns of ordinary poison-type magic sources, but not significantly.
Even so, this poisonous gas easily penetrated Lu Ming’s protective technique and the silver patterns of the Source of Magic!
This was enough to show how weak Lu Ming’s silver patterns were…. even weaker than the weakest level of the Ancient Realm by a significant margin…
“Let’s end this,” Esek muttered. Then, he stood up and prepared to help Lu Ming again.
He naturally had the ability to retract the poisonous gas he released.
However, just as Esek was about to do that, what happened before his eyes changed his mind.
The poisonous gas pierced through Lu Ming’s body protective technique and entered his pores, infiltrating his body.
At that moment, Lu Ming felt immense pain!
It was as if he had turned into an ordinary person, and someone had injected sulfuric acid into his body.
Countless cells collapsed and disintegrated under the infection of the Zombie Beast Poison, and large ulcers instantly formed on Lu Ming’s body.
However, Lu Ming was not flustered and just sighed slightly.
“Ancient Realm… Ancient Realm!”
After experiencing it personally, Lu Ming vaguely understood the strength of the Ancient Realm.
The strength of the Ancient Realm lay in the power of the natural order.
And the power of natural order was above everything else!
The moment the magic patterns were born, the superhumans could be considered to have stepped into the Ancient Realm. The appearance of the magic patterns meant that the superhumans were accepted by the rules of the world, thereby gaining an intrinsic strength far surpassing that of the Spirit Realm or Source Realm!
The mystical patterns provided natural immunity to spiritual pressure and could even amplify the spiritual pressure of the bearer.
The mystical patterns could also provide natural immunity to source power manipulation and could even amplify the bearer’s ability to control source power.
Mystical patterns could also increase the strength of related source power skills or related abilities—for example, Lu Ming’s body protective technique.
From the moment the mystical patterns appeared, the strength of Lu Ming’s body protective technique was immediately elevated countless times—of course, on the attribute panel, this change manifested as a new characteristic: Absolute Defense (Level 1).
And when Ancient Realm experts battled, they were essentially competing in the strength of their mystical patterns, which could also be called their mastery and affinity with the power of the natural order!
Esek’s Foundation of Matter patterns were stronger than Lu Ming’s Source of Magic silver patterns. Moreover, it was not just a little stronger.
The Zombie Beast Poison used its own weakness to attack the enemy’s strength. It actually easily disintegrated Lu Ming’s protective technique and directly affected Lu Ming’s body.
This meant that there was a huge gap in the strength of the power of the natural order between Lu Ming and Esek!
And when the Zombie Beast Poison pierced through Lu Ming’s protective technique and broke down his mystical patterns, everything seemed to have been settled.
The Zombie Beast Poison penetrated Lu Ming’s body, advancing without any resistance.
No matter how strong Lu Ming’s body was, it was useless against the power of the natural order—this was the fundamental difference.
Lu Ming’s body was like air, while the Zombie Beast Poison, carrying the power of the natural order, was like an iron weapon!
How could air possibly withstand a sharp iron weapon?
“Therefore, once the mystical patterns are broken, the outcome of the Ancient Realm battle is essentially determined.”
“Without the mystical patterns, any resistance is completely futile in front of those with mystical patterns.”
Just like when Spirit Realm beings faced Physique Realm beings, just the spiritual pressure alone was enough to disintegrate everything in the Physique Realm.
Similarly, when Source Realm beings faced Spirit Realm beings, the control over source power could instantly defeat the opponent.
It was the same when Ancient Realm beings faced Sourcen Realm beings. The mystical patterns brought about the most fundamental and entirely irresistible gap!
“But… I refuse to accept this!!”
For countless days and nights, Lu Ming had been crazily boosting his attributes through the attribute system. He had forged his body to be as strong as steel, but now, he had easily collapsed under the power of the Ancient Realm mystical patterns.
How could Lu Ming accept this?!
“I don’t believe that one can’t withstand the power of the mystical patterns with one’s physical strength alone.”
At this moment, Lu Ming had not calmed down.
As a result, Lu Ming’s temperament was a little stubborn.
He had tangled with this Zombie Beast Poison…
Taking a deep breath, Lu Ming’s muscles tensed all over his body.
A large amount of energy burst out of his body and rushed into his corroded cells.
Therefore, the cells that had just been disintegrated by the Zombie Beast Poison regenerated and healed at an extremely fast speed!
The rotten sores on his body began to heal.
However, they festered again under the corrosion of the Zombie Beast Poison.
Healing – festering constituted a cruel cycle.
What Esek witnessed was Lu Ming’s body being destroyed time and again and being regenerated and healed again and again!
This made Esek raise an eyebrow.
“What incredible physical strength.”
“And an iron-like will.”
What moved Esek was not Lu Ming’s physical strength, but his willpower!
In the Spirit Realm and even the Source Realm, Lu Ming’s attributes of more than 600,000 were indeed explosively powerful. Coupled with the weakest silver patterns in the Ancient Realm, he was easily able to crush Haohuang and Queen blade, both of whom were only in the Source Realm.
However, in the Ancient Realm, these attributes were not particularly remarkable, and were even considered ordinary, just enough not to be a burden.
After all, Ancient Realm experts had access to higher-level body forging techniques and various natural treasures for body refinement.
Plus, their lifespans were measured in thousands or tens of thousands of years.
This meant that even if they did not specialize in body forging techniques, they could easily maintain strong physical attributes. In other words, their efficiency in boosting attributes was much lower than Lu Ming’s. However, as pioneers, they had a huge starting advantage in terms of timing and accumulation!
However, Esek did not know that Lu Ming was only 26 years old this year…
No one, not even the offspring of god who had started cultivating body forging techniques from his mother’s womb, could reach the height that Lu Ming had achieved at the age of 26…
In any case, Esek just watched and marveled at Lu Ming’s incredible willpower.
About ten minutes later, everything finally calmed down.
Lu Ming, who was standing before Esek, was unscathed, but his face was a little pale.
“It’s done…”
He muttered and slowly closed his eyes to sense his physical condition.
“But the consumption was too great.”
Using pure physical strength to resist the Zombie Beast Poison that contained the power of the natural order!
Ten minutes.
It took Lu Ming a full ten minutes to completely erode the Zombie Beast Poison!
He felt immense fatigue, but it also confirmed a fact.
Those without mystical patterns were not entirely powerless against those who possessed them.
After all, although the specification was extremely high, the essence of the power of the natural order was only a form of high-level energy.
Air indeed couldn’t resist an iron weapon, but if the iron weapon was exposed to the air for a period of time, it would rust or even degrade into dust!
“Then here’s the problem… How much strength did this bit of Zombie Beast Poison consume from you?”
As he muttered, Lu Ming looked at Esek and saw that Esek had already suppressed his surprise, and his gaze towards Lu Ming had become much more serious.
After some thought, Esek waved his hand again.
As a result, hundreds of streams of Zombie Beast Poison surged out of Esek’s hand.
This made Lu Ming’s eyes darken.
“There was hardly any consumption…”
That stream of Zombie Beast Poison.
The poison that took Lu Ming ten minutes and almost exhausted all his strength to eradicate.
Esek could easily produce hundreds or even thousands of them with a wave of his hand…


CHAPTER-273
Chapter 273: Reinforcements

“Strictly speaking, the power of the natural order is not a high-level energy. It’s more like a qualification and a seal.”
“Even Ancient Realm experts need to consume source power or other energy when using their methods, but these mystical patterns like seals, will spontaneously fuse into the methods of Ancient Realm experts…”
“This also means that 1 can create an unlimited amount of the Zombie Beast
Poison containing the power of the mystical patterns until my Source Power
Poison is depleted.”
After saying this, Essek retracted the Zombie Beast Poison in his hand and looked at Lu Ming’s chest. He could see that the silver patterns on Lu Ming’s chest had already returned to normal from their faint and barely noticeable state.
He pointed at Lu Ming’s silver patterns.
“Pay attention, your patterns were just pierced by me.”
“From that moment on, it’s equivalent to you not mastering the power of the natural order and losing the characteristics of an Ancient Realm expert.”
“However, it only takes a very short time for the power of the mystical patterns to automatically recover, and it doesn’t consume anything.”
Lu Ming remained silent…
A moment later, he could not help but mutter, “Is the gap really this big?”
He had used all his strength just to neutralize Esek’s casual attack… This made Lu Ming’s hard-earned attributes seem like a joke.
Lu Ming could not let go of it…
Esek was silent for a moment before nodding, “Yes, the gap is indeed this big.”
“Mystical patterns and the power of the natural order are above all else.”
“Those with mystical patterns are protected by the power of the natural order, and with the blessings of the mystical patterns, the strength of the Ancient Realm is completely beyond the reach of the Source Realm or the Spirit realm. Your physical strength is nothing…”
With that said, he sighed slightly, patted the ground beside him, and gestured for Lu Ming to sit down.
Lu Ming sat down obediently, and Esek sat down beside him.
He spoke softly with a gentle tone, “I can roughly guess your life experiences.”
“You were born in a small clan and didn’t have good resources or a good mentor to guide you.”
“But you have talent.”
“It’s not just talent in cultivating Source Power Skills, but also talent in cultivating Body Refinement Techniques.”
“You’re still young, right?”
Since Esek had asked him, Lu Ming nodded, “Not old.”
“Oh, a few hundred years old? That’s about right. As a genius of a small clan, reaching this level at the age of three hundred to five hundred years is already quite remarkable.”
Esek rushed to answer, and it made Lu Ming hold back the number twenty-six he had in mind.
Then Esek sighed and said, “So I can understand how you feel.”
“You actually don’t rely on Source Power skills in your usual battles. After all, you don’t have the resources and can’t find Source Realm or even Ancient Realm Source Power skills. So, your greatest reliance in battle should be your physical strength.”
“As for physical strength… the higher the level, the less effective it is.”
After saying that, Esek looked at Lu Ming with some pity, “Did you advance by skipping levels?”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and nodded.
“Yes.”
“You’ve never experienced the Source Realm?”
“Hmph.”
“Then 1 guess you don’t know that your physical strength, while top-notch in the Source Realm, is far from being dominant.”
“Not to mention in the Ancient Realm, your physical strength would probably be considered inadequate. Your giant form of physical strength from before might be the lowest tier in the Ancient Realm…”
Lu Ming could not help but open his mouth and ask in confusion.
“Isn’t physical strength not important in the Ancient Realm?”
He thought that his physical strength was not inferior to others in the Ancient Realm…
Esek said softly, “It’s not important, but it’s not important when compared to the mystical patterns!”
“Stronger physical strength can hold more source power, and Ancient Realm experts also have to consume Source Power in battles. Moreover, stronger physical strength can enhance resistance to attacks..To put it bluntly, although this thing is not important, the stronger the better. Think about it, when Ancient Realm experts are tired of studying Source Power skills or have reached a bottleneck, they can do a few sets of body forging techniques on the spot to relax and it’s a great thing to cultivate their temperament.
“Moreover, most of the Ancient Realm cultivators advanced step by step from a low level. It has basically become a habit to practice Body Forging technique once a day, and it’s hard to change that habit.”
“Moreover, their Body Forging techniques are of a very high level, at least at the Source Realm. It’s not uncommon to have them in the Ancient Realm. The benefits of Source Realm and Ancient Realm Body Forging techniques are much greater than those of the Mortal Realm and Physique Realm.”
“Moreover, they have all kinds of natural treasures that can nourish the body.
Not to mention that a few lucky people also have huge opportunities.”
“Over the years, how much physical strength do you think this has brought them?”
The more Esek spoke, the more silent Lu Ming became.
In the end, Esek comforted Lu Ming, sighing with emotion and said, “You’re still young.”
“It’s precisely because you’re young that there are endless possibilities in the future.”
“But, it’s also because you’re young that your accumulation is far from enough.”
“However, if you really like to rely on your physical strength to confront your enemies, there’s actually a path you can take.”
This made Lu Ming’s expression change. “What path?”
“Eye of Flesh and Blood mystical patterns.”
Esek mentioned the words “Eye of Flesh and Blood” again and gave a more detailed explanation.
“The Eye of Flesh and Blood is the rule of the physical body, and its strength completely surpasses the gold and silver patterns!”
“After achieving the Eye of Flesh and Blood mystical pattern, your body will immediately become regulated! Your punches and kicks, your muscle tissues, your blood and bones will all be imbued with the power of the mystical patterns!”
“At that time, breaking through all techniques with strength is not a joke. It’s real!”
“This is a path that leads to heaven specially tailored for physical strength experts.”
Lu Ming asked again, “Then how should I obtain the Eye of Flesh and Blood?”
Esek smiled bitterly and shook his head, “If you increase your current physical strength by about eight hundred to a thousand times, it will be about enough.”
Lu Ming fell completely silent.
After a long time, Esek’s expression changed. He stood up and looked into the distance.
After a quick assessment, he said, “That woman seems to have found some helpers… Do you want to take a look?”
When Lu Ming heard this, he put away his frustration.
He nodded slightly, “Okay.”
The resurrected Queen Blade had lost her Source Realm strength and had become a ninth-level Spirit Realm expert.
However, at this moment, Queen Blade had no reason to be disappointed, instead, she was filled with joy.
It was the joy of surviving a calamity.
This was because the reinforcements had finally arrived.
Apart from the characteristics mentioned previously, there was another flaw-like characteristic of the Golden Cicada Shedding Shell ability. It was that the distance for her resurrection could not be too far.
The first time she resurrected, she was transferred from Lu Ming’s house to the training ground.
The second time she resurrected, she moved from the training ground to the Insect nest.
And on the third resurrection, she moved from the nest to a further place. Coincidentally, Cockroach Night had already arrived with its people.
A golden light surged, slowly forming Queen Blade’s body.
As soon as she appeared, Queen Blade’s legs went limp and she fell into the arms of a male roach.
A familiar voice sounded in her ears.
“My good sister, you’ve suffered…”
The sorrowful voice made Queen Blade look up and see the dirty and twisted face at a glance.
Cockroach Night, a roach of the Insect Clan.
This species was famous for their strong reproductive abilities, with each nest capable of producing a thousand to eighteen hundred offspring.
Moreover, their individual strength was not weak either.
But as a trade-off, this species had a significant drawback – they did not look good.
Overall, this Cockroach Night looked like a two-meter-tall upright giant cockroach!
Its thick legs stood firmly on the ground, with six arms spread out on both sides. Its overall appearance was black, with a large carapace on its back.
Two antennae extended from the top of its head, faintly brushing against Queen Blade’s naked and smooth body, causing her to shiver with goosebumps.
However, she had no choice but to submit.
Regardless of how much Queen Blade despised Cockroach Night previously, she had to admit that at this moment, Cockroach Night was her only savior.
Thinking of this, Queen Blade hugged Cockroach Night even tighter.
She endured the foul odor emanating from Cockroach Night as she ran her fingers across his shell chest and had her hand covered in sticky secretions. With a sweet and mournful voice, Queen Blades said, “Brother Cockroach Night, you’re finally here.”
With that said, she gazed affectionately at Cockroach Night, “Brother, let’s leave quickly! Let’s go quickly!”
“Far away from that demon!”
Just as she finished speaking, another voice sounded from the side.
“Leave?! After all this, how do you plan to leave?”
The person who spoke was another cockroach that was not much different from Cockroach Night.
He was Cockroach Night’s second uncle: Cockroach Pavilion!
The only silver pattern of the source of magic on its chest clearly indicated the strength of the Cockroach Pavilion Ancient Realm.
At this moment, Cockroach Pavilion looked at the distant Archean City and said after a long time, “The mission given to you by the higher-ups is to guard Archean City to the death, right?”
Queen Blade remained silent.
“And now, you’ve turned the situation into this?”
Queen Blade remained silent.
She gave up the mission to survive. To her, this was a reasonable choice.
However, Cockroach Pavilion did not think so.
“Letting these zombie beasts cross the Black Grasslands and head to the main battlefield means that they will inevitably influence the course of the battle. Your mission is of great importance, but now that you’ve caused this situation, are you thinking of just walking away?”
“Do you really think that our Insect Clan doesn’t have rules?”
“Forget it. Since I’m here and you’ll soon become a member of my Cockroach family, I’ll help you out, consider it a wedding gift to my nephew.”
Cockroach Night was delighted, “Thank you, Second Uncle.”
Queen Blade shivered and said, “Second… Second Uncle, there are Ancient
Realm enemies in Archean City, and there are two of them!”
These words made Cockroach Pavilion frown.
“Two? Ancient Realm?”
The small Ancient City actually produced two Ancient Realm experts?
This was simply illogical!
But after a brief pause, Cockroach Pavilion laughed sinisterly.
“Two Ancient Realm enemies? Alright! That’s great!”
“Killing an Ancient Realm enemy is a tremendous achievement!”
With that said, Cockroach Pavilion turned around and looked behind. “Then I’ll have to trouble the two of you to help.”
Queen Blade was once again stunned. Then, she followed the Cockroach Pavilion’s gaze and looked further back.
Behind them, two figures stood side by side.
One of them was from the cockroach clan with two silver patterns on his chest.
He was Cockroach Green, the eldest cousin of the Cockroach Pavilion.
The other was a three-meter-tall humanoid figure with a right arm that resembled an insect’s bladed limb. On its right hand blade, a Foundation of Matter pattern was growing!
An Ancient Realm member of the Insect Clan, Cockroach Pavilion’s best friend: Tang Chongye.
Hearing the Cockroach Pavilion’s request, the two of them looked at each other and nodded.
“Alright!”
Queen Blade really wanted to run.
She really did not want to experience Lu Ming’s massage technique again.
However, at this moment, Cockroach Pavilion and the other Ancient Realm experts were present, and Queen Blade had no right to speak.
She could only follow the group and head towards the distant Archean City.
Not long after they set out, they came to a stop.
This was because in front of them, two figures stood side by side, blocking their path.
It was Lu Ming and Esek.
“You’re Esek?”
Cockroach Pavilion’s attention was completely focused on Esek.
After carefully observing the golden patterns on Esek’s hand, the Cockroach Pavilion nodded in satisfaction, “Very good, we found the main culprit directly, saving me a lot of trouble.”
The appearance of the zombie beasts was a significant variable that could affect the outcome of the main battlefield.
Originally, in the battle of the three races, the Insect Clan and Giant Clan already had the upper hand. If these zombie beasts were allowed to run out of the Hundred Thousand Mountains, no one could predict what would happen.
The best solution was to block the zombie beasts in the Archean City and deal with the source of all this trouble: Esek.
After muttering this, Cockroach Pavilion instantly exerted strength on its feet and rushed towards Esek. At the same time, it shouted loudly, “Brother Tang, help me!”
Battles between Ancient Realm cultivators were extremely rare.
But, considering the deep-seated enmity between the Insect Clan and the Undead Clan, this battle seemed perfectly reasonable..


CHAPTER-274
Chapter 274: Battle In The Ancient Realm

The key to a battle lay in intelligence.
Even when two individuals possessed equal strength, knowing the moves the opponent was good at and his combat style, could gain the upper hand.
This was especially true in the battle in the Ancient Realm.
The role of intelligence was maxed out.
This was because different mystical patterns could provide distinct power characteristics and strengths.
As a result, the probing stage of the battle in the Ancient Realm was extremely protracted – both sides engaged in a standoff for a long time, primarily to gather as much information as possible about each other’s mystical patterns, thereby gaining the upper hand.
Although the Cockroach Pavilion immediately charged recklessly, his speed was not particularly fast.
As he moved, his six arms waved, leaving behind countless afterimages, and a large amount of source power was drawn and converged in Cockroach Pavilion’s hands. In the blink of an eye, it condensed into three large bows that were taller than humans!
Soldier Transformation Technique.
“And… Bow of Stella Slaying!”
Multicolored arrows instantly left the bows and flew towards Esek and Lu Ming.
Silver light and purple mist rose from the bodies of Eseck and Lu
Ming.Accompanied by thuds and sizzling sounds, the energy arrows were shattered, and some were corroded.
Cockroach Pavilion’s attack was entirely ineffective.
“Do you sense anything?”
Esek asked Lu Ming, as if he were a teacher questioning a student.
Lu Ming nodded slightly and said, “His silver pattern power is not offensive.”
Depending on the differences in the Source Power skills they practiced, the power nature of the Source of Magic Silver patterns could also vary.
For offensive Source Power skills, the Awakened silver patterns focused on attack. The Awakened silver patterns of the Body Protective technique focused on defense. Body Forging techniques, Breathing techniques, secret techniques, and others also had their own unique focuses.
The power levels were also different.
The attack of the Cockroach Pavilion might seem very terrifying in the eyes of those in the Source Realm, but in front of Ancient Realm experts, it had no effect at all. This meant that his silver patterns were not transformed from an offensive Source Power skill.
There was no inherent Power of the Natural Order in his attacks either.
“Considering that he has only one mystical pattern, there’s a high probability that he’s an Ancient Realm expert with a defensive focus.”
In other words, the lowest level of the Ancient Realm.
The characteristic of these Ancient Realm experts was that they had high defense and weak attack, and they posed no threat to slightly stronger Ancient Realm experts.
For example, Esek.
Lu Ming could vaguely see that when the energy arrows approached Esek, Esek’s body had already turned ethereal, as if it had turned into a foggy mass condensed from the Zombie Beast Poison.
A layer of Zombie Beast Poison had spread over his body, and this layer of poison corroded Cockroach Pavilion’s arrows, rendering Esek completely immune to the Cockroach Pavilion’s attacks.
This was one of the differences between the Foundation of Matter golden patterns and the silver patterns of the Source of Magic.
By fully grasping the characteristics of the related matter, the owner of the golden patterns could completely use the power of the golden pattern to transform his body into related matter and obtain various unimaginable characteristics.
This also meant that the combat logic of the golden patterns was entirely different from the silver patterns!
“In short, that guy is very weak, so I’ll leave it to you. With your strength, even if you’re not his equal, you should be able to learn some Ancient Realm combat techniques and knowledge from him.”
Esek patted Lu Ming on the shoulder and told him.
Afterward, he looked at Tang Chongye behind the Cockroach Pavilion.
That was the strongest among the three Ancient Realm experts on the opposing side!
“Then I’ll take care of Esek.”
Tang Chongye was also looking at Esek.
As fellow owners of the golden patterns, Tang Chongye naturally knew how powerful and terrifying these golden patterns were.
Cockroach Pavilion had no room to intervene in the battle of the golden patterns at all. Cockroach Green, with his dual silver patterns, could provide some help to him, although not much.
Hearing Tang Chongye’s voice, Cockroach Pavilion and Cockroach Green both nodded.
The two brothers looked at Lu Ming and actually locked onto Lu Ming as their primary target. After all, they had to pick the weakest link.
A thick purple mist spread out from Esek’s body.
Before long, his entire body had transformed into a massive cloud of Zombie Beast Poison, howling as he charged toward Tang Chongye and the other two.
Seeing this, Cockroach Pavilion and Cockroach Green retreated behind Tang Chongye. Tang Chongye roared angrily, and with a flash of the golden patterns, his entire body immediately turned into golden metal!
“The Power of Magic Gold!”
“With a hard metal like Magic Gold,! can transform into Foundation of Matter golden patterns.”
“Esek, let me see what you’re capable of!”
Before he could finish speaking, Tang Chongye had already rushed into the purple mist.
Clamorous sounds echoed from within the mist, and faint traces of golden light seeped out of the purple mist.
The two golden-patterned Ancient Realm experts were just like the two elemental gods, each controlling their respective elemental powers and engaging in a grand battle!
Seeing this, Lu Ming’s eyes darkened.
He muttered, “It looks like a battle between two ancient realms, but in fact, it’s a clash between Zombie Beast poison and Magic Gold. Both sides are consuming each other’s golden patterns’ power in a war of attrition. Once one side’s power is completely depleted, they will be stuck in a deadlock.”
“This battle isn’t just about the strength of the golden patterns, but also the characteristics of the Zombie Beast Poison and Magic Gold. The Zombie Beast Poison can hardly corrode the Magic Gold, so the chances of Esek winning this battle are not high.”
After muttering this, Lu Ming could not help but sigh, “This power of the golden patterns is quite interesting.”
In contrast, the power of the Source of Magic Silver Patterns was a little boring.
This was because the characteristics of the Silver Patterns were actually extremely similar to Source Power skills, at most reaching their peak in terms of strength.
Therefore, the battle between the Silver Patterns was no different from a battle between the Spirit Realm and the Source Realm.
As he looked across the battlefield, he could see that Cockroach Pavilion and Cockroach Green had already circumvented the golden-patterned battlefield and were steadily advancing toward Lu Ming.
Seeing this, Lu Ming moved his shoulders.
“Although I can guess what a battle with the Silver Patterns is like… speculations and actual combat aren’t the same.”
As he spoke, Lu Ming clenched his fists.
He faced the two of them head-on, saying, “Let me see what the characteristics of a real battle in the Silver Patterns Ancient Realm are like.”
Cockroach Green came to a halt.
His position was between Lu Ming and Cockroach Pavilion on one side and Esek and Tang Chongye on the other.
As a dual Silver patterns Ancient Realm expert, Cockroach Green could engage in the battle alongside Esek and Tang Chongye while also being able to intervene in the battle between Lu Ming and Cockroach Pavilion.
The position he occupied now undoubtedly served as a kind of safety net—wherever things went wrong, he could lend his assistance.
Observing Lu Ming and Cockroach Pavilion, Cockroach Green muttered to himself, “With both of them having a single Silver Pattern, Cockroach Pavilion should be able to handle it….”
As soon as he spoke, Lu Ming had already collided with Cockroach Pavilion.
With a deafening roar, their fists and feet clashed, causing a flurry of flying debris.
But he looked at the essence through the phenomenon.
Soon, Cockroach Green nodded in understanding.
“The opponent has a defensive-type Silver Pattern.”
“Then there’s no need to pay any attention.”
When it came to battles in the Ancient Realm, the lowest tier was undoubtedly when both sides had single Silver Patterns, and these patterns were derived from protective techniques.
Such battles only led to one outcome – extreme exhaustion without any clear victor.
Ancient realm experts with single Silver Patterns developed from defensive techniques naturally possessed strong defenses. However, they lacked offensive mystical patterns, which meant they lacked the ability to attack effectively. It was akin to both sides wearing a protective shell without any means to break through their opponent’s defenses.
With this in mind, Cockroach Green shook its head and shifted its focus to the battle between Esek and Tang Chongye.
“There’s no need to pay attention, these two won’t achieve any result even if
they fight for a day..”


CHAPTER-275
Chapter 275: The Dao Protection Technique I Rely on!

Everything was as Cockroach Green had predicted.
As soon as Lu Ming came into contact with Cockroach Pavilion, he immediately realized that this would be a protracted battle.
Cockroach Green possessed a very strong physical strength, much stronger than Lu Ming in his Self-Limitation State. Moreover, it had a wide range of offensive methods, indicating that it had cultivated many different offensive Source Power skills.
Unfortunately, he could not attain Divine Power and did not transform into the Source of Magic Silver Patterns. As such, neither his physical strength nor Source Power skills could affect Lu Ming, who was also in the Ancient Realm and had defensive Silver Patterns.
Colorful Source Power skills landed on Lu Ming’s Body Protective Light, but it remained completely unaffected.
Lu Ming quickly assessed the situation and came to a conclusion.
“Impossible to penetrate.”
Well, it was not impossible to break through.
Lu Ming, with his Silver Patterns weaker than the average Ancient Realm expert, could allow Cockroach Pavilion to keep punching him for one or two days before finally breaking through. However, the power of the mystical patterns could regenerate on its own. So, effectively, it meant that it was impossible to break through.
The consumption of Source Power was almost none.
One hour’s worth of Source Power loss could be recovered by Lu Ming in just one second…
In other words, if Lu Ming stood still and let Cockroach Pavilion hit him, Cockroach Pavilion could not hurt Lu Ming at all.
Similarly, Lu Ming could not do anything to Cockroach Pavilion.
When heavy punches landed on Cockroach Pavilion’s green protective light, accompanied by “thud” sounds, Cockroach Pavilion remained unfazed while Lu Ming’s wrist became sore from the impact.
All the flashy moves, like Annihilation Explosion and High Speed Fist, were utterly useless.
“The power of the mystical patterns, the power of the natural order…”
“Completely overwhelmingly powerful!”
Lu Ming and Cockroach Pavilion were undoubtedly the weakest existences in the Ancient Realm.
However, even these weakest Ancient Realm experts were still crushing existences compared to the strongest in the Source Realm!
After exchanging blows for nearly a minute, Lu Ming and Cockroach Pavilion separated tacitly.
They stood five meters apart, facing each other. Lu Ming pondered and Cockroach Pavilion felt helpless.
“Are you still going to fight? In my opinion, you might as well wait for death,”
Cockroach Pavilion said to Lu Ming.
At the same time, he turned around and looked at Esek and Tang Chongye on the battlefield. As Golden Pattern Ancient Realm experts, they were the ones who determined the direction of this battle.
Lu Ming ignored Cockroach Pavilion and just contemplated, weighing his options, and he soon spoke.
“Again!”
“It’s the same no matter how many times you go at it. I’ve fought such a battle too many times.” Although Cockroach Pavilion said that, when it saw Lu Ming approaching once more, it still spread its hands and assumed a defensive posture.
As the two closed the distance, Lu Ming quickly reached a point where he was an arm’s length away from Cockroach Pavilion.
He pulled his shoulder, accumulating his strength.
His fist reached his waist, and using the strength from his waist, Lu Ming was about to deliver a powerful punch.
Seeing this scene, Cockroach Pavilion did not react. It simply protected its face to prevent itself from being insulted by the other party. In any case, neither of them could break through the other party’s body protective technique…
A turbulent wind of punches swept in, hitting Cockroach Pavilion in the chest!
The intense pain left Cockroach Pavilion stunned!
In the next second, Cockroach Pavilion was sent flying backward, and the silver pattern on its chest could be seen shattering on the spot. Lu Ming’s heavy punch landed on Cockroach Pavilion’s chest, emitting a heavy collision sound.
The Annihilation Explosion special effect was activated, punching a bowl-sized bloody hole in the Cockroach Pavilion’s chest!
While clutching his chest and retreating rapidly, he stared at Lu Ming and shouted in disbelief, “How is this possible?! How is this possible?!”
“There’s nothing that’s impossible…” Lu Ming mumbled and said, “After all, what I’ve used is a technique specially developed by a super expert who spent a lifetime researching how to counter the power of Silver Patterns!”
It had to be admitted that Flame Heart had left a deep impression on Lu Ming.
Although Lu Ming did not know anything about his life, identity, and even his level, Lu Ming could guess that an existence who could develop the Force System must be extremely powerful!
And now, the situation unfolding before his eyes undoubtedly confirmed Lu Ming’s conjecture.
Flame Heart was definitely from the Ancient Realm. Moreover, he was undoubtedly extraordinary among the Ancient Realm experts.
This was because the Force System he had developed was specifically created to restrain the Silver Patterns!
“Silver Patterns are born from Source Power skills and represent the rule patterns that arise when a Source Power skill is cultivated to the Divine Power Realm.”
“This thing vaguely touches upon the essence of Source Power.”
“As for the Force system, it’s a high-level substitute for the Source Power system… Previously, 1 only thought that the effects of the Force system were limited to enhancing the strength of source power skills and ignoring the opponent’s Body Protective techniques.”
“But that’s just one aspect of it…”
Because the Force System was born out of a desire to create alternative paths to godhood, it could not be so simple, could it!?
“At its core, the Force System is aimed at the Ancient Realm, which means it’s designed to counter Silver Patterns!”
Even at the Ancient Realm stage, using the Force System in place of Source Power could completely bypass an opponent’s Silver Patterns, both in attack and defense.This meant that even if Lu Ming did not have offensive silver patterns, he could still use force to disintegrate the protective silver patterns of Cockroach Pavilion!
“In that case, defense should be the same!”
Just as he was thinking this, a light figure in the distance suddenly appeared in front of him.
It was Cockroach Pavilion’s brother, Cockroach Green. It instantly arrived and slapped Lu Ming’s chest!
Cockroach Green had two silver patterns on its body.
The first was a Body Protective technique.
The second was a Source Realm source power skill: Heart Accelerating Palm!
The killing power of the Heart Accelerating Palm with silver patterns was very lethal when it was born. Moreover, the strength of Lu Ming’s silver patterns was abnormally low. Logically speaking, even if this attack did not directly insta-kill Lu Ming, it would still destroy Lu Ming’s body protective technique on the spot and destroy the power of the silver patterns!
However, under the Force System, the nature of everything changed.
With a “thus,” a powerful force surged over, causing Lu Ming to be sent flying backward, but he quickly stabilized himself. The silver patterns on his chest did not fluctuate, flash, or dim.
“Because I didn’t use the power of silver patterns at all!”
The basis was the Force.
All the silver patterns were completely ineffective before Lu Ming, both in offense and defense!
What was left to compete was just pure combat skills and personal strength!
This meant that even if one was at the Source Realm or even the Spirit Realm without mystical patterns, they could still use the Force system to erase the advantage brought about by the power of the Ancient Realm silver patterns!
He recalled Flame Heart’s teachings.
Lu Ming suddenly realized how valuable the things he had learned from Flame Heart were!
“The Force system is just a skill, not the Dao.”
“Because the force system doesn’t provide any means to strengthen oneself.”
“But for me, who has a system to infinitely increase physical strength, the Force System can become the Dao!”
“This is what I can rely on as 1 enter the Ancient Realm!”
At this moment, Lu Ming heaved a sigh of relief, dispelling the gloom from earlier, and feeling a profound understanding of his own path that he had never experienced before.
“As someone newly entering the Ancient Realm, 1 indeed don’t have an advantage in any aspect compared to other Ancient Realm experts.”
“My mystical patterns are weaker than others, and the physical strength 1 used to rely on also doesn’t have much of an advantage.”
“However, the path of the Force can allow me to bridge the gap between my Silver patterns and those of other ordinary Ancient Realm experts and bring us back to the type of battle I excel in and am most familiar with.”
“Perhaps 1 won’t consider the Force as my future Dao.”
“But at least, at this moment, Force is my protective technique!”
With this newfound understanding, Lu Ming immediately felt a change in his attribute system.
Opening the attribute panel, the description of Force entered his eyes..


CHAPTER-276
Chapter 276: Simplified Version of the Eye of Flesh and Blood

Force: An high-level force execution technique that substitutes physical strength for source power. When using force to execute a source power skill, the effect will surpass that of source power skills performed using source power. Moreover, it will completely ignore the power of the silver patterns! It also provides resistance against the golden patterns to a certain extent!
Elementary force can provide you with enhanced bodily control and coordination, significantly boosts your comprehension of source power skills, and accelerates your cultivation speed of source power skills.
Current Cultivation Amplification Rate: 2 times.
The words (beginner level) after Force had been removed.
At the same time, a description had been added: Ignore the power of silver patterns and resist the power of golden patterns.
This was exactly what Lu Ming needed right now!
“Ignore the silver patterns and resist the golden pattern!”
This finally gave Lu Ming the ability to fully join the battle in the Ancient Realm.
Facing them, Cockroach Green and Cockroach Pavilion’s conversation stunned Lu Ming slightly.
This was because he had heard their conversation…
“How is this possible? How is this possible?!”
“This doesn’t make sense!”
“Brother, can you tell what’s going on?”
Cockroach Green’s face was filled with hesitation when it heard this. Soon, it said with uncertainty, “Although 1 don’t quite understand what’s happening with this kid, I think his methods seem to be somewhat similar to the Eye of Flesh and Blood…”
Cockroach Pavilion was immediately stunned and then he said hoarsely, “If he had the blood pattern of the Eye of Flesh and Blood, none of us would have been able to escape today.”
Cockroach Green said, “That’s why 1 said it’s somewhat similar, and not exactly the same. His physical strength is far inferior to the Eye of Flesh and Blood expert. Anyway, this guy is strange…”
Lu Ming had been watching the two of them.
All their expressions and voices fell into Lu Ming’s eyes and ears.
The words “Eye of Flesh and Blood” made Lu Ming fall silent for a moment.
Thinking of Esek’s explanation previously, Lu Ming suddenly had this feeling.
“Yes, it’s the Eye of Flesh and Blood.”
“To use his force to protect his body, ignore the power of the silver patterns, and resist the power of the golden patterns. How similar is this to the Eye of Flesh and Blood?!”
He had a faint premonition.
“Flame Heart is the owner of the Eye of Flesh and Blood.”
“And this Force is a technique created by reference to the characteristics of the Eye of Flesh and Blood!”
But…
Why?
Thinking of Flame Heart’s demeanor and feeling the force Flame Heart had taught him flow through his body, Lu Ming suddenly had a stray thought and realized he had a question unrelated to the current situation.
“Since he has the Eye of Flesh and Blood, why did he create a simplified version of the Eye of Flesh and Blood?”
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming had an answer. “For the sake of inheritance. From the knowledge about the Eye of Flesh and Blood 1 learned from Esek, it’s almost impossible for superhumans to awaken the Eye of Flesh and Blood under normal circumstances.”
“Therefore, there’s a use for the Force system. This simplified version of Force can be taught to others, allowing them to gain the strength to resist the Ancient realm without relying on the mystical patterns.”
But…
“Why not just follow the normal source power system?”
“Why not advance to the Ancient Realm with the power of silver or gold mystical patterns?”
Not good.
At the very least, Flame Heart, who had created the Force system, felt that this was not good!
“Yes, this is the only explanation. This is the only explanation for the birth of the Force system.”
“But why, 1 don’t know, and I can’t guess…”
Thinking of this, Lu Ming suddenly smiled. “It’s possible that I’m overthinking it. Since he had this ability, he created a Force system for fun, and felt that 1 was compatible with the Force system, so he taught me the Force.”
After all, not everyone needed logic and purpose to support everything they did.
Most things were done on a sudden impulse.
Shaking his head to clear his mind, Lu Ming looked ahead and slowly clenched his fists.
“I’ll use the blood of you insects as a congratulatory gift for my advancement to the Ancient Realm!”
Queen Blade, Lu Ming will slay her!
And right now, Queen Blades was protected by Cockroach Green, Cockroach Pavilion and Tang Chongye. This meant that the two sides were in opposition.
Lu Ming did not feel like saying much…
But it was more likely that Lu Ming really wanted to test his strength on Cockroach Pavilion, Cockroach Green and even Tang Chongye to verify his position in the Ancient Realm.
Lu Ming was eager to prove himself in this battle!
With a thought, Lu Ming’s body began to rapidly expand!
This was: Body Self-Limitation!
The Black Grasslands.
The Mother Tree that had taken root here had already grown to several hundred meters tall, blocking out the sky.
Many heads hung on the branches of the Mother Tree, human and beast, all quiet with eyes closed.
On the trunk of the Mother Tree, there was a massive tree hollow.
At this moment, in the tree hollow, the Mother Tree was receiving an unexpected guest.
“It’s a clone. I have quite a few clones. After all, my main body is relatively large and ugly, and will not appear easily.”
The Mother Tree’s clone said to a middle-aged looking, humanoid-like Undead Clan member.
This made the Mother Tree ponder for a moment and asked, “How should I address you?”
“Lord Corpse God? Or Zero?”
Zero waved his hand. “Zero, just call me Zero. Don’t call me the Corpse God. I hate the word god.”
The Mother Tree did not ask in detail why it hated the word, but just asked, “So, Zero, why are you here this time?”
Faced with the Mother Tree’s question, Zero smiled gently. “Come and take a look at my experiment results.”
A puzzled glint flashed in the Mother Tree’s eyes, “The results of your experiment?”
“Yes, the results of my experiment.”
“You mean… the Beast King?”
Zero shrugged, “Sort of…”
The Beast King was previously Zero’s research project.
However, the clone of the Beast King he created did not turn out to be very powerful. After Zero became a deity, he abandoned the related research projects…
But with the appearance of the Mother Tree, Zero’s interest in the Beast King was reignited.
Due to the unique characteristics of the Mother Tree, it could perfectly replicate genetic entities. So, Zero indeed wanted to know if the Mother Tree could clone a genuine Beast King!
A Beast King in its complete form!
Not a god, but on par with or even surpassing a deity Beast King!
The Mother Tree thought for a moment and said, “I’ve indeed begun to clone the Beast King.”
“But the problem is that the consumption of cloning the Beast King has exceeded my imagination…”
“How should 1 put it… Well, I’ll take you to see it.”
Beneath the Black Grasslands, the area had already been hollowed out by the Mother Tree.
The entire underground had become the Mother Tree’s secret experimental base.
Following the Mother Tree’s clone as they descended, Zero observed as they walked.
Soon, Zero spoke, “The defenses here aren’t strong enough. You can’t fool the Giant Clan’s and the Insect Clan’s members. Once they discover the research project you’re doing, the consequences could be unpredictable.”
The Mother Tree sighed softly, “I have no choice.”
Zero smiled and said, “1 do. I’ll help you with some modifications shortly, and I guarantee that no one will be able to spot any issues.”
This made the Mother Tree pause for a moment. Then, it asked curiously, “You… Why are you helping me? Our standpoints should still be hostile, right?”
Zero chuckled, “For now…”
As he spoke, he gently patted the Mother Tree’s shoulder and hinted, “Everyone knows that your so-called cooperation with the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan is just a facade. I don’t believe that such a special person like you will be willing to become a domesticated ornamental green plant.”
“To put it bluntly, it’s just that you’re not strong enough. Once you complete the Beast King’s replication plan and gain enough power to resist the deities, would you really be willing to cooperate with the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan?”
Before the Mother Tree could respond, Zero muttered, “i doubt it… After all, when others help you hunt instead of hunting on your own, the total number of prey is always the same. No, no, no, it’s different. If you hunt on your own, you can even turn your original helpers into prey.. This way, the total prey count will instead increase, don’t you agree?”


CHAPTER-277
Chapter 277: Beyond, Pure, and Completely One’s Own!

Zero’s words left the Mother Tree silent.
After a long time, it shook its head and decisively changed the topic. “We’re here.”
Zero followed the mother tree’s indication and looked into the distance.
He saw that in the dim underground space, a fungal blanket was undulating and enveloping a massive creature.
Due to the fungal blanket on the outside, he could not see the true appearance of the content being enveloped. He could only judge from the size of the spherical shape that this thing was about a hundred meters in size.
A substantial, even an endless amount of energy was gathered by the Mother Tree and infused into the entity’s body.
“He’s getting stronger every moment.”
“He’s like a black hole, devouring all the energy he can!”
“The energy I’ve filled his body can already produce over a hundred Ancient Realm experts… but so far, this thing is still not satisfied!”
“I even have this feeling that what I’m giving him now is less than a thousandth of what he needs!”
As the Mother Tree spoke, Zero walked towards the spherical entity.
His gaze was so deep that it seemed to be able to penetrate the outer membrane of the ball and see the interior.
He saw that the sphere contained a grotesque giant creature, half upright and half prostrating.
It was silent and motionless, like a massive and exquisite sculpture.
It had black fur, sharp bone spurs, knife-like nails, and powerful limbs.
Apart from that, there was a blood-red pattern on its forehead, resembling an eye, faintly visible.
The moment he saw this pattern, Zero immediately heaved a sigh of relief.
He turned to look at the Mother Tree and said gently, “You’re on the right path.”
“The Beast King’s clone has already given birth to the Eye of Flesh and Blood. Now, what you have to do is continue to nurture it to give birth to more Eyes of Flesh and Blood.”
“And when the number of Eye of Flesh and Blood reaches the standard of the Beast King’s lifetime, it will awaken and bring you a great surprise and assistance!”
Zero’s tone was somewhat quick, as if he could barely contain his excitement.
However, the Mother Tree looked confused.
“The Eye of Flesh and Blood, what’s that?”
To this, Zero smiled and said, “Mystical patterns. The highest and rarest mystical patterns.”
“Rare, uncommon, certainly not as rare as you, but at least it’s much rarer than those bullsh*t high-level gold and silver patterns…”
“And the most crucial thing is the rule of the physical body: The Eye of Flesh and Blood is exceptional, unconstrained, harmless, entirely one’s own, a power that transcends the ordinary and reaches the extraordinary.”
The Mother Tree became more and more perplexed as it listened.
Until Zero gently patted its shoulder.
“If you don’t understand, don’t worry about it. Now, let’s discuss how to hide your laboratory.”
The Mother Tree pondered for a long time and said to Zero, “Your call.”
However, there was a glint in its eyes.
The Mother Tree felt that this old thing, Zero, was good to it, but he had some ulterior motives.
But the Mother Tree could not figure out what kind of ulterior motives. In any case, the Mother Tree felt that this Corpse God was strange.
His Body Self-Limitation brought five forms to Lu Ming.
Usually, Lu Ming used a Self-Limitation state.
Firstly, it could maintain his body size, making his appearance more in line with the typical human aesthetics.
Secondly, the Self-Limitation state was helpful for farming his attributes.
But once Lu Ming entered a Combat state, it was time to switch to the other forms.
“With my Self-Limitation state, 1 can’t deal with my opponents at all.”
“And the other golden pattern is even harder.”
Even with Force, Lu Ming could only eliminate the differences caused by the Silver patterns.
In a fight, he still had to rely on the level of his Source Power Skill and his physical strength!
Although Lu Ming was not weak in these two aspects, he was not particularly strong in the Ancient Realm.
Moreover, Tang Chongye, who possessed the Golden patterns, was clearly more difficult to deal with. It was still unknown what effect a simplified version of the Eye of Blood and Flesh could have on the golden pattern.
“Then, let’s get started.”
Amidst everyone’s gaze, Lu Ming’s physique began to grow explosively!
His height, which was less than two meters in the Self-Limitation state, quickly grew to a towering 20 meters.
The proportions of his body were not significantly different from the
Self-Limitation state.
This was the Normal state!
After becoming normal, Lu Ming’s body expanded further and quickly grew to a height of nearly 50 meters.
A large number of muscles began to grow rapidly, forming sarcomas of various sizes on his body—this was the external manifestation of extreme muscle enhancement!
At the same time, the strength of his bones was also increasing exponentially to adapt to the growing muscle strength.
A large number of bone spurs protruded from his muscles, quickly forming a jagged bone armor on Lu Ming’s body.
The bone armor covered his face like a ghost mask, making Lu Ming’s appearance grotesque and terrifying!
This was the Explosive State!
A ferocious aura emanated from Lu Ming’s body, causing the Cockroach brothers, Cockroach Green and Cockroach Pavilion to involuntarily take a few steps back.
Before they could react, Lu Ming’s body underwent another transformation!
This time, it did not continue to expand.
It was a compression!
An extreme compression!
Under the control of the Self-Limitation state, a large number of muscles and bones were crazily compressed to increase strength!
In a short time, Lu Ming’s body had returned to a height of five meters.
However, at this moment, Lu Ming no longer looked human.
His face was diamond-shaped, with two gray horn-like protrusions growing on his chin, complementing the three horns on the top of his head.
His limbs were intact, with no significant changes in shape, except for an additional layer of black scales.
The spine was curved, with a form that was a mix between a human and a wild beast, allowing him to both walk upright and crawl on all fours.
Numerous pale bone spurs rose from his spine, pointing towards the sky, rising and falling with Land Ming’s breathing.
On his tail vertebrae, there grew a tail covered in spikes.
“Is this still a human? Is it some kind of exotic creature!?”
Cockroach Green exclaimed in amazement.
Even Esek and Tang Chongye stopped fighting, and turned to look at Lu Ming in unison.
Under the gaze of the crowd, Lu Ming grinned sinisterly, revealing a mouth full of fangs – these fangs were like daggers, layered in three tiers, and his gaping mouth looked like a meat grinder.
“Human? How am 1 not human? Open your bug eyes and take a good look!”
His breath was like thunder.
With Lu Ming’s shout, a massive amount of air and source power crazily poured into his body, as if causing a storm to rage.
Lu Ming looked up at the sky and roared, “You stinky bug, how dare you ask me if I’m human!”
“I’m a genuine human!”
After speaking, Lu Ming lowered his head to look at Cockroach Green and said fiercely, “I hate creatures like you most, who judge people based on appearances!”
“Smack!”
“Smack!”
“Smack!”
A thick and spiky tail continuously struck the ground, causing the earth to tremble.
The ferocious power was unleashed, making Cockroach Green and Cockroach Pavilion, the two brothers to frown.
“This guy is a bit troublesome…”
Cockroach Pavilion muttered, but Cockroach Green just snorted and said, “But it’s only a bit troublesome.”
Turning to look at Tang Chongye, who was entangled with Esek again, Cockroach Qing said coldly, “You think you’re strong just because you look fierce? That’s not the case!”
“Younger Brother.”
“Brother, I’m here.”
“Go all out and resolve this quickly. Don’t let Brother Tang look down on us!”
Cockroach Pavilion immediately grinned sinisterly, revealing its rotten insect teeth.
“I was thinking the same thing..”


CHAPTER-278
Chapter 278: Intense Battle!

The Eye of Blood and Flesh was rare.
Simplified version of the Eye of Flesh and Blood was even rarer.
But, when you get down to it, it’s quite simple – it’s just a complete disregard for the rules of the Silver patterns with one’s physical body.
The terror of the Eye of Blood and Flesh was that those who possess it inevitably have unimaginable physical strength. This level of physical power, combined with the Eye of Blood and Flesh, formed an absolute killing weapon in the Ancient Realm!
Any owner of the Eye of Flesh and Blood was basically a quasi-divine level being.
But the simplified version of the Eye of Blood and Flesh… well, it’s not that straightforward.
It had to be known that Cockroach Pavilion and Cockroach Green were also from the Ancient Realm, and they had also fought their way up step by step from the bottom.
No silver pattern power of the natural order? Fine, no problem. In any case, they each had one pattern and two patterns, and their power of the silver patterns was not strong.
“You ignored the power of our silver patterns, but you can’t ignore the physical strength we painstakingly trained, the Source power skills we painstakingly cultivated, and the combat techniques we painstakingly honed, can you?
“And these are not necessarily inferior to an ugly brat like you!
“Buzz!
The wind hummed and people moved!
In a flash, Lu Ming, Cockroach Pavilion, and Cockroach Green all disappeared.
For a moment, it was as if the three of them had never existed until a loud roar echoed from midair.
Everyone saw…
At some point in time, three pairs of powerful flesh wings had grown on Lu Ming’s back. The flapping of the flesh wings allowed Lu Ming to swiftly maneuver in the air.
Around him, the two cockroach-like creatures, each with four wings, were also moving swiftly and agilely!
The three of them fought violently in midair.
Using his flesh wings as propulsion, Lu Ming’s hands, feet, and tail all turned into terrifying killing weapons. With just a simple move, he could cause black ripples in the air, as if he was tearing space apart.
In the Desperate State, Lu Ming’s physical strength was ten times that of his Self-Limitation State!
If Lu Ming’s physical strength in the Self-limitation State was at the lowest level in the Ancient Realm, then in the Desperate State, Lu Ming’s physical strength had already caught up head on, at least much stronger than Cockroach Pavilion, and slightly stronger than Cockroach Green.
With a ‘Pfft’ sound.
Cockroach Pavilion could not keep up with Lu Ming’s speed at all. In an instant, three of its right limbs were instantly smashed by Lu Ming’s massive tail. It grunted and retreated violently. However, how could retreating ever be faster than advancing!?
A menacing mouth instantly appeared in front of Cockroach Pavilion.
It was Lu Ming in hot pursuit, aiming to bite Cockroach Pavilion’s head to pieces in one go!
Sharp teeth spun rapidly, and the tremendous suction force emanating from Lu Ming’s mouth further restricted Cockroach Pavilion’s movements.
As long as he bit it, Cockroach Pavilion was certain to meet his demise!
At the critical moment, Cockroach Green hurried to the scene.
He instantly blasted out his right arm, and his three right arms carried a copious amount of strength as they ferociously blasted between Lu Ming’s ribs!
“Heart Accelerating Palm, pierce!”
Even though he could not unleash the power of the silver patterns when facing Lu Ming, the power of the Divine Power Realm Heart Accelerating Palm was not inferior at all!
Any Source Power skill cultivated to the Divine Power Realm would bring about some magical properties that could turn something rotten into something magical. The Heart Accelerating Palm was no exception!
Three palms struck Lu Ming at the same time, causing Lu Ming’s body to momentarily stall.
In the next second.
With a “Bang.”
Three forces that carried flesh, blood, and bone fragments shot out from the other side of Lu Ming’s body like rainbows!
Cockroach Green did not relax at all after severely injuring Lu Ming in one strike!
His six arms turned into afterimages as the palm force of the Heart Accelerating Palm blasted towards Lu Ming like machine gun shells.
“Turn into meat paste for me!”
The immense force continuously bombarded Lu Ming, until he could not help but began to retreat.
Cockroach Pavilion, which had just been in a dire situation just moments ago, had been relieved by his cousin. His gaze changed, and he was about to join his cousin in attacking the other party.
But little did he know, in the blind spot of Cockroach Pavilion and Cockroach Green, a lump of flesh suddenly bulged on Lu Ming’s body.
The lump of flesh enlarged at an extremely fast speed, quickly turning into another smaller head. The connection part between this small head and Lu Ming’s body also extended, forming a snake-like long neck!
This was: Body Self-Limitation!
Yes, this was still Body Self-Limitation!
Lu Ming’s physical limitation ability not only brought him five different forms, but also exceptional control over his body in the Explosive State and Desperate State!
This level of control was so strong that Land Ming could freely distort his own form, increase or decrease parts of his body at will.
This also meant that any part of Lu Ming’s body could instantly become a lethal weapon!
It also meant that Lu Ming’s attacks were unstoppable!
Just as Cockroach Pavilion switched from retreating to advancing, another ferocious head emerged from Lu Ming’s lower abdomen. Under the snake-like neck’s leadership, it instantly appeared above Cockroach Pavilion’s head.
This was the blind spot in Cockroach Pavilion and Cockroach Green’s vision!
Ancient Realm experts had remarkable perception abilities.
However, no matter how extraordinary their perception was, it could not escape the realms of the five senses and source power sensing.
Source power sensing was generally used in long-range, wide-area scenarios.
In an intense close combat battle, the Ancient Realm still had to rely on their senses to detect the movements of their opponents—because Source Power sensing was too slow.
It was already too late for Cockroach Pavilion to react when he sensed danger.
A menacing, beast-like gaping maw enveloped him, and a tremendous suction force caused Cockroach Pavilion to be sucked into Lu Ming’s stomach like jelly!
Muffled groans, chewing sounds, and friction sounds quickly followed.
Cockroach Pavilion, who was swallowed by Lu Ming, lost its life at an extremely rapid pace!
Instant kill.
Cockroach Green was stunned by this sudden change.
But when he regained his senses, Lu Ming had already pounced in front of Cockroach Green!
His arms wrapped tightly around Cockroach Green, like a passionate embrace between lovers.
At the same time, countless tentacles surged out of Lu Ming’s chest and instantly enveloped Cockroach Green into a dumpling!
The two of them were like conjoined twins clinging tightly, as they fell from the sky, and landed on the ground with a huge bang.
Then, it was the simplest and most barbaric physical collision!
Cockroach Green, being a cockroach species, had six arms.
However, Lu Ming’s Body Self-Limitation allowed him to produce countless arms!
A large number of muscles undulated, turning into iron fists, relentlessly pounding Cockroach Green who was suppressed by Lu Ming.
“You’re the one who should be turned into meat paste!!”
Deafening roars echoed in Cockroach Green’s ears. Lu Ming, who was like the Thousand-Hand Guanyin, vented his violence and anger without restraint!
“Pa!”
“Splurt!”
“All, ah, ah!”
At first, Cockroach Green screamed and struggled wildly in an attempt to fight back.
However, under Lu Ming’s tight restraints and pressure, the two sides were competing purely based on their physical conditions!
And how could Lu Ming’s physical condition in the Desperation State possibly be weaker than Cockroach Green’s!?
The intertwined muscles transformed into numerous iron fists.
The iron fists struck ruthlessly at Cockroach Green below, creating a series of sonic booms.
It could be clearly seen that when Lu Ming punched, the air was compressed and liquefied, and the air was ionized and shot out like streams that rippled in all directions!
After the blood and flesh splattered, red, black, white, blue, and various other colored things surged with Lu Ming’s punch. For a moment, Lu Ming and Cockroach Green’s fighting ground seemed to burst into fireworks.
“Bang.”
“Bang.”
“Boom!”
A massive mushroom cloud rose into the sky.
It was Lu Ming’s punch that pierced through Cockroach Green’s body, hammering heavily onto the ground!
Lu Ming was not satisfied, and he continued to throw punches!
It was not until Cockroach Green was hammered into a thin puddle that Lu Ming took a deep breath and stood up.
A hole suddenly tore open on his abdomen.
A mess of bone fragments and flesh flowed out from it.
This was the Cockroach Pavilion, or at least a portion of it…
“Where’s the Golden Cicada Shedding Shell? Where’s your Golden Cicada Shedding Shell?!”
Lu Ming, roared in anger, his blood boiling. He heard a muffled voice from not far away…
“They won’t be shedding their Golden Cicada Shell…”
Turning his head and looking to the side, Lu Ming saw a humanoid figure, about three meters tall, covered in metallic armor, emerging from a purple mist.
Behind him, the purple mist quickly dissipated, and turned into Esek’s appearance – his face was pale, and the golden patterns were dim, indicating that he had been seriously injured.
“They didn’t shed their Golden Cicada Shell!”
A member of the insect species named Tang Chongye muttered as he slowly raised his head, his eyes gleaming and staring at Lu Ming.
Lu Ming could clearly see the killing intent in Tang Chongye’s eyes boiling.
He pondered for a moment and said.
So, they’re really dead.”
“My two sworn brothers are dead.”
“They died at your hands.”
Lu Ming grinned menacingly and said, “Alright, it looks like I did kill them, so what are you going to do about it!?”
Tang Chongye acted in response.
He waved his hand, and golden saber beams appeared in an instant!


CHAPTER-279
Chapter 279: Force vs. Golden Patterns, Physical Body vs. Demon Gold

Esek felt physically and mentally exhausted.
He was completely defeated in the battle with Tang Chongye.
In the end, it was the death of Cockroach Green and Cockroach Pavilion that had attracted Tang Chongye’s attention and triggered his killing intent that Esek barely survived. However, as a price, his golden patterns had temporarily been extinguished and he could not use the power of the golden patterns for the time being.
Both were golden patterns. The characteristic of the poison of the zombie beast was infection, and the characteristic of the demon gold was hardness!
In essence, both were golden patterns and their strength was comparable.
However, in terms of characteristics, the poison of the zombie beast could not corrode the demon gold, causing Esek to be completely at a disadvantage in the battle with Tang Chongye.
Looking at the tragic Cockroach Green and Cockroach Pavilion, Esek looked surprised, as if he could not believe that Lu Ming could do such a thing.
But, when Tang Chongye quickly raised his hand and waved his saber aura, Esek could only look regretful.
“Too bad, he’s too young.”
“If there were another 100 or 80 years, you might not necessarily lose to Tang Chongye. But right now, at this moment, the gap between you and him is indeed not small…”
Esek wanted to help Lu Ming.
However, the spirit is willing but the flesh is weak, as his golden patterns had been extinguished.
The moment Tang Chongye waved his hand, the saber flash had already appeared in front of Lu Ming!
Fast!
Tang Chongye’s saber was incredibly fast!
Not just fast, but it was also sharp!
Before the saber could touch his body, Lu Ming felt a slight pain on his skin.
It was the killing intent in the saber aura that had already caused Lu Ming’s capillaries to rupture.
However, this terrifying slash could only make Lu Ming burst into laughter.
“Good!”
“Great.”
“Excellent!”
“Let me see what your so-called golden patterns can do!”
Naturally, he would not take this slash head-on unprepared.
If he did that, Esek had already demonstrated the consequences to Lu Ming before.
Without using Force and relying solely on his physical body, Lu Ming’s body would not be much sturdier than paper in the presence of any power of natural order!
His Force instantly activated and circulated throughout his body!
Using his Force, Land Ming cast a protective technique and focused the defense on the toughest part of his body—his three horns on his head!
A shrill “clang” rang out.
The saber flash collided with the top of Lu Ming’s head, emitting a crisp sound like metal colliding.
The Body Protective Light was instantly shattered, and the silver patterns on Lu Ming’s chest instantly dimmed. However, behind the power of the silver patterns was the Force system!
The Body Protective technique circulated with force was invisible but real. When the saber aura tore through the conventional protective light and hit the top of Lu Ming’s head, Lu Ming felt a huge force surging over.
He could not help but lower his head, both legs and hands pressing down, and he was even knocked to the ground by this saber strike.
Something heavy fell from the top of his head—two of his horns had been cut off.
The saber aura even shattered Lu Ming’s scalp, leaving deep grooves on his hard skull.
“But that’s it!”
“Yes, that’s it!”
What injured Lu Ming was not Tang Chongye’s golden pattern power. Lu Ming’s Force system had almost completely negated the golden pattern power of the natural order.
What injured Lu Ming was in fact, the sharpness of the demon gold, which was comparable to Lu Ming’s physical strength!
With the power of the golden pattern rules, the body is transformed into a demon gold form. Your body not only possesses the properties of demon gold but also the formidable physical strength you’ve diligently cultivated.”
Flesh and blood combined with the foundation of matter, perfectly compatible!
This was the power of the golden patterns.
It had to be admitted that golden patterns were indeed of a higher level than silver patterns.
Facing the silver pattern with force, Lu Ming could completely neutralize the power of the silver pattern rules.
But golden patterns had something extra that silver patterns lacked, and that was something the Force system could not neutralize— the foundation of related matter.
In the battle against Tang Chongye, Lu Ming was essentially facing a creation of demon gold with the physical strength of Tang Chongye.
And it can be imagined that in the battle against Esek, it was like facing a ball of Zombie Beast poison with the strength of the Esek’s Source Power.
It was like a person facing nature.
But it was nature with self-awareness.
Without targeted means, comprehensive information, and strong adaptability, one would naturally be at a disadvantage and fall behind in every aspect.
This was the terrifying aspect of the golden patterns!
“Fortunately, your golden patterns are solid demon gold.”
“It’s much easier to deal with than things like wind, fire, poison, and the like which have no physical form!”
Slowly standing up from the ground, Lu Ming stuck out his tongue and licked the blood flowing down from the top of his head.
The sweet and tangy taste made Lu Ming’s eyes faintly emit a faint red light.
“So, what’s left to compete with is my flesh and your demon gold.”
“Let me take a look!”
At this moment, Lu Ming, on all fours, was like a wild beast.
As he shot towards Tang Chongye, Lu Ming let out an explosive roar.
“Let me see if your demon gold is stronger or my body is more terrifying!”
Tang Chongye suddenly narrowed his eyes.
Lu Ming’s fierce and brutal aura even caused the murderously inclined Tang Chongye to hesitate!
The corners of his mouth twitched and he could not help but utter three words.
“Maniac! Beast! Monster!”
What kind of human was this?
Wasn’t this an exotic beast gone mad, whose eyes were red from killing?!
The ground rumbled and undulated, and the shining saber light radiated in all directions.
Lu Ming was like a demon beast as he charged towards Tang Chongye ferociously!
Seemingly intimidated by Lu Ming’s violent killing intent, Tang Chongye chose not to confront him head-on, even though close combat was his forte.
He remained in place, using his hand as a sword to brandish streams of golden saber light.
But how could Lu Ming be struck by the same move a second time?
Or rather, Lu Ming had intentionally let the first saber light strike him. He needed to personally experience the effect of force on the golden patterns and the strength possessed by Tang Chongye.
At this moment, Lu Ming had gathered enough intelligence, so he naturally would not do something as foolish as actively taking another blow.
It had to be admitted that Tang Chongye’s saber was very fast and sharp.
Using his hand as a saber, his superhuman physical strength brought about tremendous speed, and the sturdiness of demon gold greatly enhanced the lethality of his saber aura.
However, Lu Ming had every confidence that he could dodge Tang Chongye’s saber aura!
This confidence stemmed from two things!
Firstly, his force!
The once elementary force provided Lu Ming with a special effect of qi perception, allowing him to perceive an opponent’s muscle movements and the flow of source power, giving him a tactical advantage of anticipating the enemy’s first move.
When the Force system transformed again, this special effect disappeared. However, it did not really disappear but had become ingrained in Lu Ming’s instincts.
Even though the demon gold body form had no muscle movements and no source power flow, Lu Ming could still roughly judge the landing point of Tang Chongye’s saber aura from his eyes and body movements!
Secondly, it was the physical transformation of the body brought about by his Body Self-Limitation!
Lu Ming could strengthen his external bone armor to resist the saber aura. Naturally, he could also create pores in any part of his body, rapidly and flexibly altering his movement trajectory in a manner similar to a jet engine.
He could even twist and transform his body shape like a rubber man to dodge Tang Chongye’s saber light!


CHAPTER-280
Chapter 280: Force vs. Golden Patterns, Physical Body vs. Demon Gold (Part 2)

The scattered saber aura formed a dense and intricate web of sabers.
Endless golden light scattered in all directions, and the entire world seemed to transform into a mountain of sabers in a golden sea!
Tang Chongye went all out, and his power was truly shocking!
However, his shocking power was no match for Lu Ming’s mysterious and unpredictable tactics.
It could be seen that in the midst of the pervasive saber web, a ferocious giant shadow suddenly rushed forward!
Occasionally, his body would release bursts of airflow, driving his body to dodge sideways.
At times, his body would change shape like noodles, sliding past the oncoming saber edges by a hair’s breadth.
In just an instant, the two sides had exchanged attacks and defenses hundreds of times.
Similarly, in a flash, Lu Ming had already covered a distance of more than 10,000 meters and reached Tang Chongye!
It’s my turn! Iron Lump!”
Leaping into the air, Lu Ming clenched his fist, and in mid-air, he faced Tang Chongye, and said with a sinister smile.
Tang Chongye, however, remained unfazed and just sneered in response.
“Close combat? Do you think my Demon Gold body is afraid of your flesh and blood?!”
His saber-like golden right arm swept up and slashed at Lu Ming’s neck.
A “clang” sound echoed.
The fist collided with the saber.
Both of them froze for a moment.
As clear ring-shaped force waves rippled, the momentary pause quickly gave way to an even faster collision between the two!
Lu Ming primarily used punches and kicks as his main attacking method because he mainly cultivated fist techniques.
Tang Chongye, on the other hand, excelled in saber techniques.
This was because saber techniques allowed him to bring out the full potential of demon gold!
The air, compressed to the point of liquefaction by the force of Lu Ming’s punches, burst behind him, producing a series of massive ring-shaped shockwaves. His fists and feet were like bombs, and coupled with the dual special effects of Annihilation Explosion and High Speed Fist, Lu Ming’s outburst of power at this moment was terrifying to the extreme.
However, in the face of such a terrifying attack, Tang Chongye chose the most direct and robust way of confrontation —only attack but not defend!
That’s right. How could my Demon Gold Body be afraid of your flesh and blood body?
With the defense of my Demon Gold Body, all I needed to do is to cut you a thousand times before you tear me apart. Then, the winner of this battle can be easily determined!
A continuous series of “dong, dong, dong” sounds rang out.
This was the sound of Lu Ming’s fist colliding with the demon gold body!
It was like the sound of striking metal with a forging hammer merged into a piercing noise.
The tremendous noise even drowned out the chaos in Archean City, as if it had become the only sound in the world at that moment.
However, Tang Chongye, who bore the brunt of the ferocious blows, remained unperturbed.
Striking metal?
“This body of mine is made of demon gold after being forged thousands of times. Why would I fear the strikes of an iron hammer?
He raised his large saber high and began to accumulate strength.
The golden patterns on Tang Chongye’s right hand began to flicker, but dimmed after just a tenth of a second.
In contrast, the golden saber shone even brighter, like a rising sun!
“Die!”
With a shout, the golden saber light explosively surged!
Therefore, the light of the sun bloomed here. This extremely compressed strike released all its energy as it slashed.
As though there were substantial saber aura, it instantly displaced all the air, creating a brief vacuum between the two of them.
An eerie suction force surged from the edge of the saber, actually causing Lu Ming’s body to involuntarily lean towards the saber!
The saber edge was getting closer and closer! In just an instant, it reached Lu Ming’s forehead!
A dull thud resounded.
The massive saber light instantly streaked across Lu Ming’s body and shot towards a distant mountain, actually blasting the hundred-meter-tall mountain into flat ground on the spot.
“It’s over…”
At the side, Esek made this judgment.
Although he did not see it frame by frame, Esek knew the effect of Tang Chongye’s strike.
The saber light streaked across the middle of Lu Ming’s body and the residual force even shattered the distant small mountain. This meant that Lu Ming’s body was like a piece of paper that had been torn into two. Being split into two was Lu Ming’s only possible outcome.
He did feel a little regretful… After all, Lu Ming was quite talented and he could get along with him.
“It’s a pity, little brother, it seems that I’m truly lacking in strength.”
After sighing, Esek began to look for an escape route, but he did not expect to hear Lu Ming’s somewhat sinister voice.
“You… can’t do it…”
“You really can’t do it!”
“Combat skills, combat experience, and even combat instincts, are all far too inferior!”
“You’re just a boorish man with strength but no skills!”
Esek’s gaze returned to the battlefield.
He saw that Lu Ming’s body had indeed been split into two.
However, Lu Ming, who had been cut into two, strangely still stood on the spot. Upon closer inspection, he could see that although Lu Ming had been split into two, the wounds on his body did not resemble saber marks… but more like the result of a self-induced separation!
Opposite Lu Ming, Tang Chongye raised his eyebrows and recalled the strange change in Lu Ming’s figure when he dodged the saber web just now.
A trace of enlightenment appeared in his mind.
He dodged my saber light by splitting his body into two…
As soon as this thought emerged, Tang Chongye was about to continue his attack.
However, Lu Ming did not give him any more opportunities!
Or perhaps it could be said that the momentary pause after Tang Chongye’s strike allowed Lu Ming the perfect opportunity for a counterattack!
And for a master of combat techniques like Lu Ming, once he gained the upper hand, he would not give his opponent any chance to turn the tables!
His body, split into two, began to twist like a snake and, like ropes, instantly entwined around Tang Chongye’s body!
A terrifying low growl echoed in Tang Chongye’s ears.
“I told you, it’s my turn.”
“So, from now on, it’s all my turn!”
In the next second, hundreds and thousands of beast heads with a diameter of only about ten centimeters sprouted from various parts of Lu Ming’s body and instantly gnawed at every part of Tang Chongye’s body!
Before the use of tools, human teeth were the most powerful weapons of humans.
In his Desperate State, Lu Ming resembled a wild beast!
His teeth were undoubtedly sharper than those of most exotic beasts, and even surpassed divine weapons!
Fists and kicks indeed had little effect on Tang Chongye, given the formidable defensive capabilities of his Demon Gold Body.
In that case, since fists and kicks were useless, how about using my teeth!?
The answer was revealed at that very moment.
The sound of “grinding” began to echo.
Under Lu Ming’s powerful bite force, even the demon gold began to deform!
Hundreds and thousands of teeth marks brought about hundreds and thousands of deformities.
What was even more insidious was that Lu Ming’s teeth also had the additional effect of Annihilation Explosion.
Tiny annihilation explosions occurred one after another, with each friction of the sharp teeth, slowly eroding away the demon gold bit by bit!
In the blink of an eye, Tang Chongye was ravaged!
“Roar!”
A painful and angry roar came from Tang Chongye’s mouth.
His body quickly changed, and sharp barbs grew from the surface of his body, as if he intended to break free from Lu Ming’s restraints in this way.
But it was futile!
How could Lu Ming, in his form as a giant python, easily let go of his tightly bound prey?
Some of the barbs were crushed by Lu Ming on the spot. Some of the barbs were able to elude Lu Ming during his transformation, but most of them were directly withstood by Lu Ming’s flesh and blood.
Piercing and wounds.
Numerous injuries appeared, and crimson blood began to splatter.
Lu Ming’s twisted and ferocious body began to be injured.
However, with his powerful regenerative abilities, these injuries, which could be considered minor compared to Lu Ming, would heal in no time after appearing.
Rolling and biting!
It was like the death roll of a crocodile.
The continuous rolling and entanglement not only strengthened Lu Ming’s biting force, but also allowed him to continuously shift his weight to disrupt Tang Chongye’s attempts to exert force and suppress his counterattacks!
The earth rumbled.
Lu Ming was like a behemoth.
Tang Chongye was nothing but a stubborn lump of iron.
The two were entangled, rolling, and a large amount of force was being discharged by Lu Ming, in a controlled manner, into the earth.
It was like a flimsy small bed of worrying quality that could not withstand the passionate lovemaking of a couple.
Cracking, breaking, and dust filled the air.
For a moment, it seemed like a sandstorm was slowly rising.
The entrance of Esek became the last straw that broke Tang Chongye’s back.
“Brother, let me help you!”
After a short rest, Esek’s golden pattern power had fully recovered..


CHAPTER-281
Chapter 281: Tang Chongye

Outside Archean City, the earth trembled and rolled as if in an earthquake.
The source of this earthquake was the battle between Lu Ming and Tang Chongye.
‘No…’
This was no longer considered a battle.
It was more like being held down, just a one-sided crushing and brought to an end…
“Ground techniques.”
“The ultimate weapon in close combat.”
“A fully formed ground technique that is almost impossible to break. The bound individual only has two options: either admit defeat or faint and die on the spot.”
Esek’s Zombie Beast Poison entered Tang Chongye’s body through the wound torn open by Lu Ming.
Although the damage was not significant, using the power of the golden pattern to wear down the power of the golden pattern did rapidly cause Tang Chongye’s golden pattern power to collapse.
The effect of this was that the Demon Gold Body began to show signs of softening.
As for the softened Demon Gold Body, it had to withstand the even more terrifying damage brought by Lu Ming!
This was the cycle of death!
It was not until Tang Chongye’s golden body disintegrated, leaving only a breath of life, that Lu Ming spoke.
After he finished speaking, Lu Ming added, “The reason why I said you have no skills at all is because you didn’t adjust your combat logic according to my physical characteristics at all.”
While traversing the Saber Web, Lu Ming had already displayed his body transformation ability.
Such a body was extremely suitable for using ground techniques!
Of course, Lu Ming’s ground technique was definitely different from normal ground technique, but the essence was actually the same—they both used entanglement and restraint as a means of attack.
In situations where physical strength was not significantly different, once entangled by Lu Ming’s ground technique, it was equivalent to losing the ability to fight back completely.
Therefore, for Tang Chongye, the best choice was to keep a distance and avoid close combat with Lu Ming. Speaking of which, even if he did not realize that Lu Ming had a ground technique, common sense should dictate that using a long saber against fists wouldn’t work very well, right?
At his feet, after hearing Lu Ming’s words, Tang Chongye was silent for a moment before smiling bitterly.
“I’m just too dependent on my Demon Gold Body…”
With the Demon Gold Body as his foundation, Tang Chongye was always invincible in close combat.
But today, he encountered a monster like Lu Ming.
“Forget it, no use in saying more, let’s end it.”
Lu Ming muttered and increased his strangulation force.
With Lu Ming’s increase in strength, Tang Chongye’s already crumbling golden patterns collapsed and disintegrated in an instant.
With the temporary loss of his golden patterns power, Tang Chongye also lost his Demon Gold Body.
Then, something wrapped around by Lu Ming instantly burst into a mist of blood.
But, there was a faint sound that emerged from the blood mist.
“Thank you for the lesson you gave me.”
“I promise, it won’t be so simple next time.”
This left Lu Ming momentarily stunned.
Just as he was in a daze, Tang Chongye’s battered body disintegrated directly, turning into ashes and dissipating in an instant.
“This is…”
Lu Ming, who had reassembled his body, gradually returned to his
Self-Limitation state. He pointed at the place where Tang Chongye had disappeared and looked at Esek for an explanation.
Hearing this, Esek said calmly, “It’s a method of resurrection for the Insect Clan.”
Lu Ming immediately frowned, “So the Iron Lump is not dead?”
Esek took a moment before realizing that Lu Ming’s so-called Iron Lump was referring to Tang Chongye.
He immediately shook his head and smiled, “It’s not completely dead. After all, the potential of Golden patterns is greater and is more valued by the clan. In the end, it comes down to different statuses. Silver Patterns can be mass-produced to some extent, but Golden Patterns can’t.”
“So, the major large clans will definitely provide Golden Patterns with means of survival and even revival. But as for Silver Patterns, especially those with little potential, they don’t get that kind of treatment.”
Therefore, Tang Chongye could be revived, but Cockroach Qing could not.
To put it bluntly, it was just a difference in treatment between geniuses and mortals.
Lu Ming immediately frowned.
It bothered Lu Ming that he had not completely eliminated the threat.
Esek stepped forward and patted Lu Ming’s shoulder lightly.
“Although it may seem like letting a tiger return to the mountain, there’s not much you can do about it. Besides, even if you let that Iron Lump escape, he probably won’t have the time to come looking for trouble with you in the short term.”
This made Lu Ming look at Esek, “Are you suggesting…”
Esek smirked, “The war among the three clans is very intense. Trust me, I’m a greater threat to the insects than you.”
“Speaking of which…”
Esek changed the topic and pointed at the two insects running for their lives in the distance.
“Aren’t you going to take revenge?”
In a distant place.
In a certain insect nest.
With a “crack,” a huge, pale golden insect egg in the insect nest suddenly exploded, and Tang Chongye staggered out of it.
He gasped for breath and wiped the sticky substance off his body.
The chaos in his mind gradually dissipated, and very quickly, Tang Chongye recalled everything that had happened before his death.
Demon Gold Body, Flesh Body.
“You really can’t do it!”
“The difference in combat techniques is too great!”
“So, from now on, it’s all my turn!”
Lu Ming’s ferocious face, his twisted figure, and his bizarre but undeniably peak combat skills made Tang Chongye shiver involuntarily.
He stood there in silence for a long time, slowly closing his eyes.
“Too weak… It’s indeed as he said. I’m too weak!”
“So weak that 1 can’t even avenge my two brothers!”
Hatred, the humiliation of defeat, and the weakness of the initial resurrection, all these made Tang Chongye’s body start to tremble uncontrollably.
Until the sounds of footsteps approached from nearby.
Tang Chongye suddenly opened his eyes, and before the person arrived, the voice reached him.
“Ye, you’re back…”
The voice was like the sound of metal colliding, revealing a cold and unyielding demeanor. It was not difficult to tell from the voice that the owner of the voice was undoubtedly a resolute and stubborn person.
After hearing the voice, Tang Chongye’s body trembled uncontrollably.
It was a trembling fear…
This fear was even much stronger than the fear of Lu Ming and death.
Tang Chongye could not help but lower his head until the owner of the voice in the distance slowly walked over and finally came into Tang Chongye’s view.
He had almost the same appearance as Tang Chongye. He was overall human-like, over three meters tall, with strong and sharply defined muscles, and his right hand had transformed into a long, slender saber.
But the difference between him and Tang Chongye was that this man’s body was covered in mystical patterns!
Golden magatama, silver waves, and even blood-red eyes!
Even without deliberately revealing his aura, Tang Chongye could not suppress his trembling just standing in front of this man, as if this person gave him too much pressure.
His lips moved, and after a long time, he uttered, “Father…”
“Mm—”
“You come back from the dead?”
Tang Chongye replied, “…Yes, Father.”
“Trash!”
Tang Chongye’s head hung ever lower, “Yes, Father.”
And his father, Tang Shan, a quasi-divine-level expert of the Insect Clan, did not want to listen to the grudges between Tang Chongye and outsiders. He just looked Tang Chongye up and down before saying,
“Thirty years ago, you advanced to the Ancient Realm with your golden patterns. Then, you left the clan’s territory to hang out with a group of scoundrels.”
“And now, thirty years later, you’ve returned, but your strength has not improved at all…”
At this point, a trace of disappointment flashed in Tang Shan’s eyes, but the disappointment quickly dissipated.
“Forget it. In any case, you’re not my only descendant. You can do whatever you want.”
With that, Tang Shan turned around and was about to leave when he suddenly heard a “thud” sound.
It was Tang Chongye kneeling on the ground, and kowtowing.
While vigorously knocking his forehead against the ground, Tang Chongye trembled as he said, “Father, help me!”
This deepened the disappointment in Tang Shan’s eyes. “Help you? Help you seek revenge?”
“No, Father. 1’11 take care of my own revenge!”
Only then did the disappointment in Tang Shan’s eyes dissipate. He said coldly, “So, what do you want me to help you with?”
“Help me obtain stronger power!”
This conversation finally brought a smile to Tang Shan’s lips.
Looking at his most outstanding son, Tang Shan spoke softly.
“Rest for today. Tomorrow morning, come with me to the Saber Hall..”


CHAPTER-282
Chapter 282: Departure

If time could be reversed, the time point that Queen Blade most wanted to return to would undoubtedly be the day before.
This was because at that time, she had yet to activate the stupid Beetle God Descent.
This was because at that time, she was not ignorant enough to provoke this ferocious and brutal beast in front of her.
This was because at that time, she still had an intact body and an intact soul.
Regret flowing and fermenting, mixed with the pain of her bones shattering and her flesh twisting. All these kept filling Queen Blade’s mind and tearing apart her rationality and consciousness.
At the side, Cockroach Night’s faint voice reached her ears.
“Please! Please spare me! Let me go! 1 won’t meddle in anything anymore.”
“I have nothing to do with Queen Blade! 1 really have nothing to do with her! I’m a f*cking bootlicker. I’m just craving her body. I really don’t have a deep relationship with her. It’s true! It’s true…”
“Hehehe.” For some reason, the blurry Queen Blade suddenly sneered.
Even though her life was about to end, Queen Blade was still amused by Cockroach Night’s words.
“They’ve already killed two Ancient Realm clan uncles of yours. What difference does one more Source Realm, like you, make?”
“Fools will be fools; how could 1 be so foolish as to treat him as a life-saver…”
As expected, Cockroach Night’s ear-piercing screams suddenly sounded and quickly subsided, leaving only the sound of corrosion, “zzra zzra”.
Esek said, “Alright, my friend. This mother insect is beyond saving, end it as soon as possible and don’t waste time.”
“Crack-”
With the sound of pain and crisp bone-breaking, Queen Blade lost consciousness completely.
“Phew.”
Lu Ming let out a deep breath.
He felt the pent-up frustration dissipate from his heart.
“Now, your insults against me have been completely settled.”
After confirming again and again that Queen Blade was truly dead, Lu Ming and Esek returned to Archean City together.
Day 363 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Morning.
After a chaotic night, Archean City had finally calmed down.
Lu Ming, with his exhausted body, returned to his home.
At home, Roda and the other three had been waiting for a long time. When they saw Lu Ming return, they heaved a sigh of relief.
“What’s going on outside…”
Roda asked, and Lu Ming thought for a moment before recounting everything that had happened that night.
“In short, the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan are done for.”
“The zombie beasts slaughtered them all.”
“However, due to my personal relationship with Esek, the natives of Archean City will not be attacked by zombie beasts.”
With this, Lu Ming pondered for a moment before adding, “But even so, we can’t stay in this place anymore.”
The suburban area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains had already become the military camp of Esek.
A large number of exotic beasts were transformed into zombie beasts, bypassing Archean City and traversing the Black Grasslands to reach the battlefield of the Three Clans War in the outside world, becoming reinforcements for the Corpse Clan.
The terrifying tide of Zombie Beasts did not need to be mentioned further; it was a force that could overturn the balance of power among the three clans. The Insect and Giant clans would not ignore it..
In this situation, Archean City’s feature of being safe from Zombie Beast attacks would become a curse.
With a little inquiry, it would be easy to find out everything Lu Ming had done tonight.
And when that time came, would the Giant and Insect clans let Lu Ming off, considering their reputation and dignity?
Lu Ming’s suggestion was unanimously agreed upon by everyone.
Roda asked, “When are we leaving?”
Lu Ming replied, “Today, right now.”
In the past, when Roda’s family fell from grace and was forced to flee, they crossed the Hundred Thousand Mountains to reach Archean City.
After becoming the City Lord of Archean City, Roda did not give up on maintaining this passageway – after all, he still harbored the great ambition of returning home in wealth and taking revenge.
To this day, it was unknown if Roda had the ability to take revenge. However, this passageway did provide an additional layer of security and a way out for Lu Ming and the others.
The things they needed to take with them had already been packed several days ago. Now that they had decided to leave, there was no time to delay or dawdle.
Ten minutes later, Lu Ming and the others dismissed their servants in the residence and left through the front gate.
Walking down the streets of Archean City, along the way, corpses were everywhere, buildings had collapsed, and there were eyes casting glances at Lu Ming and the others. The looks in those eyes contained nothing but fear and wariness of strangers, or pleas for help.
However, in this Black Mist Zone, goodwill was a rare commodity.
Lu Ming and the others had already decided to flee, and escaping meant that their own safety was not guaranteed. They could not afford to spare any extra attention or help for others in need.
They had no choice but to keep moving forward, and although they had decided to ignore others, the devastation along the way still made Roxin’s eyes fill with sorrow.
Even though the major battle had subsided, the pain and suffering brought about by the war and massacre still left vivid marks in this place.
Until they escaped and walked out of Archean City.
Standing on a small hill nearby, looking back at the desolate and tragic Archean City, Roda said, “This city is finished, it’s completely finished.”
Archean City was originally an outpost for adventurers exploring the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
But now, it was overrun with Zombie Beasts. Aside from those who had no choice, who would dare to venture deeper into the Hundred Thousand Mountains?
Not to mention that in the future, this place would undoubtedly become one of the main battlefields for the Insect Clan, the Giant Clan, and the Undead Clan. Archean City, which was so close, could only change hands repeatedly and endure the ravages and hardships of war.
The fate of the people in the city could be imagined.
“We don’t have time to feel sorry for others.”
Lu Ming spoke.
His expression was calm and his tone was cold, as if he did not care much about all of this.
This made Roxin’s eyes dim, but she heard Lu Ming continue, “There’s a saying in my hometown: If you’re poor, you should be self-reliant; if you are successful, you should help the world.”
“We’re weak now. We can barely protect ourselves, let alone others.”
While the Ancient Realm was powerful, in the larger context of the Three Tribes War, it was not that strong…
In peacetime, an Ancient Realm could go wherever they pleased, and they would be given respect everywhere they went. But when it came to matters involving the interests of tribes and individuals, respect was ultimately less important than substance.
“So…”
With these words, Lu Ming looked at Roxin and said, “Become stronger. In this Black Mist Zone, if you have any grievances, become stronger.”
“When you become so powerful that there’s nothing that can threaten you or hurt you, you’ll be able to do whatever you want.”
And this has always been what Lu Ming has pursued.
He had never changed.
He would never change!
Other than Roxin, the fate of Archean City did not significantly affect anyone’s mood or state of mind.
Roda and Uncle Lu led the way, while Lu Ming, Quan Chao and Roxin followed behind.
They went deep into the Hundred Thousand Mountains, and there were no signs of exotic beasts. Occasionally, they would encounter decaying and befuddled Zombie Beasts.
At this moment, the Hundred Thousand Mountains was far more dangerous than at any other time because the Zombie Beasts would instinctively devour any living creature. They had lost the ability to weigh pros and cons, leaving only ruthless killing and hunting.
However, after Lu Ming took out a crystal enshrouded in purple light, the five of them were no longer harassed by the Zombie Beasts.
This was a gift from Esek.
It contained a trace of his own aura and could repel any Zombie Beasts.
Without the trouble of the Zombie Beasts, the danger of the Hundred Thousand Mountains instantly decreased to a level akin to a vacation spot..


CHAPTER-283
Chapter 283: Frost Lake

If the Hundred Thousand Mountains were compared to a modern city,
The appearance of the zombie beasts was like the entire city plunging into a post-apocalyptic world of zombies.
And Lu Ming and his group, who possess the aura of Esek, were like those with the ability to be completely ignored by zombies…
Their path through the Hundred Thousand Mountains was smooth and unobstructed, as one could imagine.
“However, the core area is off-limits.”
This was because there was an upper limit to the infection ability of Esek’s zombie beast poison.
As an Ancient Realm expert, he could infect those below the Ancient Realm, but the exotic beasts of the Ancient Realm were completely immune to the zombie beast poison. Because of this, be it Lu Ming or Esek, the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains was still a restricted area.
Fortunately, Roda’s secret passage did not pass through the core area.
Along the way, the five of them sped up and finally, after five days, they arrived at Roda’s secret passage.
It was a place called Frost Lake.
Frost Lake was an inner lake in the Hundred Thousand Mountains. It was named because the lake water was always cold all year round.
They arrived in the morning. Gray light descended from the sky and fell on the lake, as if casting a white veil over the entire lake.
There was a faint cold air rising from the lake, and the perceived temperature here was probably a few degrees above freezing.
It was not exactly pleasant, but for the five, all of whom were at least at Level Nine of the Physique Realm, this temperature was well within an acceptable range.
The surrounding plants seemed to have adapted to the cold air.
The pale blue flowers and grass were in bloom, giving the scenery here a unique charm.
“The secret passage is under the lake. It’s a dried-up underground river.”
After saying this, Roda continued, “1 discovered this secret passage by chance. There’s no danger inside, and walking through the secret passage for a month will take you to the territory of the Aeonians on the other side of the Hundred Thousand Mountains.”
“In other words, the Eternal Clan’s Clear River Province.”
Huo Sheng, Chengcheng and the others were currently in Clear River Province.
Upon hearing this, Lu Ming fell into deep thought.
He looked around.
The area around the Frost Lake was scenic, and there were not many signs of much activity from the exotic beasts in the surroundings. And occasionally, he could not tell if they were exotic beasts or zombie beasts…
In any case, this place was quite peaceful.
This made Lu Ming think for a moment, and he quickly made up his mind.
“I don’t really want to go to the Eternal Clan.”
Because there were too many people over there, and more people meant less peace and more trivial matters to deal with.
The others knew Lu Ming’s temperament and had no objections to his decision. Roda nodded and said, “I haven’t fully absorbed King Lin’s inheritance yet. Going back to the Eternal Clan at this point would just alert my enemies, perhaps it’s better to give them a warning and save the revenge for later.”
Quan Chao, Uncle Lu and Roxin, these three had no objections.
Uncle Lu, Roxin and Roda had the same view, and Quan Chao was clearly prepared to follow Lu Ming’s lead.
Lu Ming and Roda’s decision was equivalent to the entire team making that decision.
“Let’s settle here for now.”
They built a house near Frost Lake.
The spacious and well-constructed house was perfect for shelter from wind and rain..
After building the house, it was already afternoon. Lu Ming, Roda and Quan Chao walked around a few rounds and soon made new discoveries.
There was a Flame Stone mine nearby, which meant that Lu Ming could easily obtain the necessary materials for cultivating the Flame Body Forging Technique.
Apart from that, there were abundant resources in the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
For example, Lu Ming had also discovered a mineral deposit called Star Rock Jade.
This was a necessity for cultivating another Source Realm Body Forging technique.
After a simple exploration, Lu Ming somewhat understood why explorers risked their lives to seek wealth, and ventured into the Hundred Thousand Mountains…
There were really many treasures here, and with a bit of luck, becoming rich overnight was entirely possible.
That night, Lu Ming carried the newly gathered Flame Stones back to the house.
Upon entering his room, he found the interior of the room to be simple but clean, with a futon that Lu Ming often used and a bed made of hay.
This was apparently the work of Roxin.
A smile involuntarily appeared on his lips.
Lu Ming sat on the futon and soon entered the Void Space.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Physique Realm, Level 5.
Transcendent Ability: Self-Limitation State
Strength: 651,900
Physique: 651,900
Agility: 651,900
Free Attribute Points: 610,700
Divine Source Points: 44
Others: omitted.
The moment he entered the Void Space, Lu Ming opened his attribute panel and examined his attributes.
The attributes were impressive, but there was something that puzzled Lu Ming…
His level.
He was still at the Fifth Level of the Physique Realm.
This conflicted with what Lu Ming knew about the Ancient Realm – once Silver Patterns appeared, a Transcendent could be considered to have entered the Ancient Realm. However, the attribute system said that Lu Ming was only at Level Five of the Physique Realm.
This contradiction left Lu Ming confused.
Since he could not figure it out, he decided not to dwell on it for the time being.
“It doesn’t matter if it’s the Ancient Realm or the Physique Realm.”
“I just need to figure out my real strength and what level of expert 1 can resist, and then 1’11 be at that level.”
At this moment, Lu Ming’s real strength was probably at the First Level of the Ancient Realm.
In the First Level of the Ancient Realm,he was in the middle – much stronger than the Cockroach Pavilion, the weakest, and similar to the golden-patterned Tang Chongye and Esek. Of course, the specific outcome of their battles could not be determined by data alone; it depended more on their performance in battle and the mutual restraint between their ability systems.
Now, Lu Ming had to consider how to proceed on his future path.
“For now, let’s assume that I’m already an Ancient Realm expert.”
“So, my future path is the same path of the growth and strength of other Ancient Realm experts.”
Cultivating a Source Power Skill allowed one to observe the essence of matter and temper the body, forming three different mystical patterns, accumulating mystical patterns endlessly.
Yes, the path of the Ancient Realm was an endless path.
Ancient Realm experts could acquire new mystical patterns without limit, until they died of old age. However, if they did not achieve godhoods, they could not obtain higher-level transformations, metamorphosis.
So, no matter how powerful they became, it would only be a quantitative change, not a qualitative one!
This was the path that all the Ancient Realm experts in the Black Mist Zone followed.
Even the so-called Quasi-Divine Level experts were no exception.
In an instant, Lu Ming thought of Flame Heart establishing the Force System…
This made Lu Ming contemplate and ponder.
“Golden patterns… Silver patterns…”
“There seems to be some things 1 don’t understand in all of this.”
He was still unable to grasp it.
He could only push this matter to the back of his mind.
Lu Ming refocused his thoughts back to the beginning.
“There are three types of mystical patterns. The Source of Magic Silver Patterns, the Foundation of Matter Golden Patterns, and the Blood Patterns of the Eye of Flesh and Blood.”
“From a level perspective, Silver Patterns are at the lowest but easiest to cultivate. Golden Patterns are in the middle, and it’s hard to describe whether they are easy to cultivate; obtaining the power of Golden Patterns is full of fortuitous circumstances, and there is no definite way to acquire the power of Golden Patterns.
“As for the last, the Eye of Flesh and Blood, it’s the most difficult, but its power is also the strongest.”
“Let’s set aside the Golden Patterns for now. The Silver Patterns and Blood Patterns are not difficult for me.”
“Body Forging techniques correspond to Blood Patterns, and Source Power Skills correspond to Silver Patterns.”
“All I need is time.”
With the system in hand, time could help Lu Ming solve all his problems!
“For now, let’s leave it at that..”


CHAPTER-284
Chapter 284: The Grand Era

In the 338th Night of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming and the others stayed at Frost Lake.
The secret passage was underwater at Frost Lake. This place could be used for both defense and offense, offering tranquility and isolation from the world.
As a result, the turmoil of the outside world faded away.
Whether it was the Three Clans War or the Eternal Clan, they had no relevance to Lu Ming and his group.
However,Lu Ming had made up his mind.
As long as the Blood Patterns were not fully formed, he would not come out of seclusion, not even the world’s destruction could deter Lu Ming from his attribute farming.
In the grand scheme of things, Lu Ming’s existence was insignificant and inconspicuous.
Even with the enmity between Lu Ming and the Giant and Insect Clans due to their association with Huo Huang and Queen Blade, their deaths in the context of the Three Clans War were not significant.
Lu Ming’s threat was not sufficient to make the Giant and Insect Clans venture deep into the Hundred Thousand Mountains just to deal with him.
Compared to Lu Ming, Esek was clearly more of a threat.
In short, it was only natural that Lu Ming was forgotten by the world…
Whether it was the Giant Clan or the Insect Clan, be it the Aeonians or the others,
Perhaps only in the quiet of the night could the former Nanxiang people faintly recall a man named Lu Ming.
However, it was limited to “recalling” rather than taking action or searching.
After all, the protagonist of one’s life was ultimately oneself.
Regardless of the deep impression Lu Ming left on people, time would eventually fade and erase everything.
Qinghe Province of the Eternal Clan.
This place was the outermost territory of the Eternal Clan and belonged to the personal domain of He Qing, a quasi-divine-level expert in the Eternal Clan.
Qinghe Province was close to the Hundred Thousand Mountains, and its vast land and sparse population made it easy for the people of Nanxiang to settle here without causing any ripples.
Today, two guests visited the new gathering place of the Nanxiang people, drawing warm hospitality from Huo Sheng.
It was none other than the beloved eldest daughter of the He family, Heluo, and Heluo’s good friend, Ivy.
Huo Sheng, Zhang Chengcheng, Heluo and Ivy walked around the new Nanxiang City.
They marveled at the architectural style of the town, which was quite different from the Eternal Clan, resembling a modern city from Blue Star. Heluo and Ivy clicked their tongues in excitement.
From time to time, Heluo and Ivy were both excited and amazed at the sight of some fresh gadgets, occasionally exclaiming in delight.
The initial surprise quickly dissipated.
Heluo smiled at Huo Sheng and asked, “Are you comfortable living here?”
Huo Sheng nodded and said, “Thanks for taking care of me. We, Nanxiang people, are very comfortable here.”
With his relationship with Heluo, although the Nanxiang people did not have any special privileges in Qinghe Province, they would not be bullied.
Living and multiplying in their own territory, the Nanxiang people enjoyed a peaceful and quiet life, at least not like the past when they were wronged every day.
Hearing this, Heluo smiled gently. “You can tell me if there’s anything you need; I’ll definitely help if I can.”
Huo Sheng smiled and shook his head, indicating that there was really nothing he needed help with. On the other hand, Zhang Chengcheng thought for a moment and could not help but ask.
“Miss He, um… have you heard any news about Brother Lu recently?”
If there was anyone among the Nanxiang people who never forgot Lu Ming, it had to be Cheng Cheng.
At this moment, when Cheng Cheng mentioned Lu Ming, Heluo also recalled the giant whale among the tribulation bearers.
She shook her head gently and said, “1 haven’t heard any news.”
“But 1 think no news is the best news.”
At this point, He Luo pondered briefly before saying, “Archean City has been drawn into the Battle of the Three Clans, and it’s said that a battle of Ancient Realm just broke out there a few days ago.”
At the mention of the Ancient Realm battle, Chengcheng’s breathing immediately became much heavier.
Heluo continued, “However, it’s said that the Ancient Realm battle did not affect the city. Moreover, it seems that City Lord Roda has already taken advantage of the chaos to retreat from Archean City.”
“I think with Brother Lu’s personality, he should have left Archean City long before the battle of the Ancient Realm erupted…”
A gentleman does not stand under a dangerous wall.
And Lu Ming in this regard was a gentleman among gentlemen.
Thinking of this, Heluo smiled again and said, “I think Brother Lu will come to see you soon. It’s probably not long before you meet again.”
Instead of feeling happy, Chengcheng fell into deep thought.
Her gaze gradually became determined, and soon, she made a decision.
“Miss He, I have a personal request.”
Heluo nodded and said, “Please go ahead.”
“I would like to join the Eternal Clan’s Sky Monitoring Bureau. I wonder if you could help introduce me?”
Heluo was slightly stunned but immediately nodded, “There’s really no need for recommendation. The Sky Monitoring Bureau has always been open to people of all races on our side of the Eternal Clan. However, to join the Sky Monitoring Bureau, the minimum requirement is to have the strength of Physique Realm. You…”
Chengcheng revealed her faint aura and said, “I just advanced to the Physique Realm yesterday.”
This made Heluo raise her eyebrows and smile. “1 remember that it hasn’t been a year since you came to the Black Mist Zone, right?”
“Exactly a year.”
Hearing the answer, Heluo could not help but sigh, “Chengcheng, your rate of progress is quite fast.”
“I think Chengcheng, it shouldn’t be a problem for you to join the Sky Monitoring Bureau. I’ll talk to the people in the bureau when I get back.”
With Chengcheng’s rate of progress, she was definitely considered a little genius.
And geniuses were welcomed everywhere.
Heluo also understood Chengcheng’s goal in wanting to join the Sky Monitoring Bureau—she simply wanted a higher starting point to accelerate her growth.
This could not be considered an unsavory goal…
In short, Heluo was willing to facilitate this mutually beneficial arrangement.
On the side, Ivy suddenly spoke, “Actually, if anyone else in your area wants to join the Sky Monitoring Bureau, they can come with us. The Bureau is currently short on staff…”
Huo Sheng’s eyes flashed when he heard this, “You’re quite short on staff?”
Ivy replied, “It’s not something we can’t discuss. Recently, there have been many unusual cases outside. The Bureau is overwhelmed and seriously understaffed. If anyone is willing to join the Sky Monitoring Bureau, I’m sure the Bureau will definitely welcome them.”
Ivy could not disclose the specific nature of the unusual cases, and Huo Sheng had no intention of prying.
After a brief contemplation, he spoke, “Besides Chengcheng, we have two other Physique Realm experts if the Sky Monitoring Bureau is interested.”
Heluo chuckled, covering her mouth, “Why would they be disinterested?”
The other two Physique Realm experts Huo Sheng mentioned were Bai Tianyu and Duan Mei.
That night, Zhang Chengcheng, Bai Tianyu, and Duan Mei left Nanxiang City with Heluo and Ivy and reported to the Sky Monitoring Bureau branch in Qinghe Province.
On the other hand, Huo Sheng stood by the window and looked at the night sky outside for a long time without saying anything.
It was not until a pair of fair hands wrapped around him from behind and
Meng Jie’s voice sounded from behind.
“What are you thinking about? Why aren’t you sleeping?”
Huo Sheng turned around to look at his lover. He pondered for a moment before speaking.
“It’s just a sense of unease about the staff shortage in the Sky Monitoring Bureau.”
Huo Sheng did not know where this premonition came from. After thinking for a long time, he could only say helplessly, “Forget it, it’s probably just me worrying unnecessarily..”


CHAPTER-285
Chapter 285: The Great Era (2)

As the saying went, where there were people, there would be the world of martial arts.
This saying was also applicable to the Eternal Clan.
As the acknowledged top clan of the world, the Eternal Clan had the most powerful deities, the most Ancient Realm experts, the largest population, the most extensive and fertile land, and the most powerful apparent strength and war potential.
However, as a super-clane with an innumerable population, the Aeonians were not united.
Even among the deities of the Eternal Clan, there were factions.
The most typical examples were the two ancient deities of the Eternal Clan who openly had conflicts.
The Military Commander, Yuan, and the Director of the Sky Monitoring Bureau, Tong.
The two of them were both deities of the Eternal Clan, but due to various factors, they did not see eye to eye. The conflict between the two of them had lasted for countless ages. And they did not need to have a life-and-death feud; if one of them had a chance to take advantage, he certainly would not miss it.
Today, at the Eternal Clan’s Pantheon of Gods Mountain, during the Divine Assembly, Yuan’s shout was somewhat deafening.
“I object!”
“I firmly oppose the expansion of the Sky Monitoring Bureau!!”
At this moment, Yuan was sitting on the second left-hand side in the Divine Assembly Hall, facing Tong, who was on the second seat on the right opposite him. He puffed out his cheeks and glared at Tong.
After glaring fiercely at Tong, Yuan stood up and spoke loudly.
“In my opinion, the Sky Monitoring Bureau shouldn’t exist!”
“From the beginning, 1 couldn’t understand the meaning of the existence of the Sky Monitoring Bureau.”
“Yes, our Eternal Clan is the most powerful, but does the most powerful have an obligation to take on everything? Is that the case?”
“If it’s about managing our internal affairs, 1 definitely won’t object. Instead, 1’11 strongly support it.”
“But now, the Sky Monitoring Bureau’s influence has grown too long… far too long…”
“You meddled in the internal affairs of other clans and caused our Eternal Clan to make enemies everywhere. Not to mention distant matters, even in recent history… the Three Clans War and the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, what does it have to do with us?
After saying this, Yuan raised an eyebrow at Tong, showing his dissatisfaction.
“In conclusion, not only do 1 not support the expansion of the Sky Monitoring Bureau, 1 also want to initiate a vote! 1 absolutely won’t allow the Sky Monitoring Bureau to continue squandering the resources of our Eternal Clan!
1 want to disband the entire Sky Monitoring Bureau!”
The deities of the Eternal Clan below yawned in boredom.
The clash between Yuan and Tong was basically a reserved program at the Divine Assembly.
These two fellows were ancient and powerful and they did not see eye to eye with each other.
As the two deities ranked in the top ten of the Eternal Clan, few could interject into their argument, and few were willing to openly take sides.
Therefore, the final outcome of the argument between the two of them would ultimately end in a draw – both sides would compromise, make things smooth, and consider the matter settled.
At this moment, in the face of Yuan’s aggressiveness, Tong did not even lift an eyelid.
This hunched old man, who looked to be less than 1.5 meters tall, seemed to have dozed off in public.
This made Yuan furious once again. He slammed the table and was about to roar when he suddenly sensed a shadow flash across the highest, central seat of the Divine Assembly Hall.
Yuan immediately restrained his expression and looked over respectfully in that direction.
Even the other deities of the Eternal Clan rose from their seats.
These supreme beings all bowed their heads in unison and uttered six words in perfect harmony.
“Greetings to the God of Eternity.”
“Mm—”
A faint voice came from the enormous main seat.
With the gradual clarity of the light and shadow, the person on the main seat revealed his true appearance.
He was a young lad with rosy lips and white teeth.
He appeared to be around 13 or 14 years old, with the characteristic silver-white hair of the Eternal Clan.
His eyes sparkled with a golden light, even without displaying any aura, they could make people involuntarily lower their heads and willingly defer to him.
His name was Eternity.
The first deity of the Eternal Clan, and the guardian deity of the Aeonians!
The rise of every super clan was a legend!
The most typical ones were the Corpse God and the Corpse Clan.
It was precisely because of the appearance of the Corpse God that the Corpse Clan was able to rise against the tide, and the Corpse God became the guardian deity of the Corpse Clan.
It was the same for the Eternal Clan.
This currently most powerful clan undoubtedly rose from obscurity.
After the Eternal God appeared, the Eternal Clan could continue to develop and strengthen until it reached its current status.
Within the Eternal Clan, the name of the Eternal God was well-known.
The strongest god, the god among gods, the representative of the supreme god, the transcendent one, the observer of the world!
There were countless titles that could not even indirectly reveal the strength and status of the Eternal God!
The moment the Eternal God appeared, Yuan immediately looked down and remained silent.
However, there was an imperceptible doubt in his heart.
“Eternity, why are you here?”
The Divine Assembly was the highest authority meeting of the Aeonians. At this meeting, the deities of the Aeonians would decide on matters related to the Aeonians.
The standard of the meeting was obviously very high.
However, Eternity’s position and status were clear—he rarely appeared on such occasions, just like the owners of the two seats above Yuan and Tong.
Their strength, status, and character determined that they had no need to concern themselves with such mundane matters.
After all, as long as they did not fall, the Eternal Clan would never fall!
This was the true meaning of the guardian deity.
After a brief silence, the deity named Eternity slowly spoke.
“Let’s approve the expansion of the Sky Monitoring Bureau.”
Yuan immediately nodded and said, “Alright.”
“And apart from that, there’s another matter.”
Everyone listened respectfully, and Eternity’s voice rang out once again, “The Tribulation Transcenders, this generation of Tribulation Transcenders has been born for over a year now.”
“By our calculations, within five years, this generation of Tribulation Transcenders will fully enter the Black Mist Zone. And when that time comes, it will be the day when the Heaven Ascension Stairs open.”
“I hope everyone can pay more attention to this upcoming Heaven Ascension Stairs…”
As for why they should pay attention and what the reasons were, Eternity did not say.
He simply turned to look at Tong and said, “I’ll leave this matter to the Sky Monitoring Bureau, is that okay?”
Tong, no longer looking drowsy, nodded energetically and said, “Yes.”
Eternity gave a slight nod and said, “As for all other matters, handle them as the situation requires.”
With that, Eternity’s figure had already disappeared without a trace.
After a brief silence, the atmosphere of the Divine Assembly Hall on the Pantheon of Gods Mountain relaxed again.
Yuan had lost interest in arguing with Tong and simply sat with his arms crossed, lost in deep thought.
Vaguely, he recalled what the Corpse God had once told him.
“This era will determine success or failure.”
As if he had realized something, Yuan’s gaze gradually became more profound.
“Eternity has also realized it…”
Thinking of this, Yuan suddenly sneered.
“Heli…”
“After all, it’s Eternity. It’s not surprising if he’s realized something..”


CHAPTER-286
Chapter 286: The Great Era (3)

More than a month later.
Archean City had already become one of the main battlefields in the Battle of the Three Clans.
This place was close to the Hundred Thousand Mountains and was the source of the zombie beasts’ violent army. In order to prevent the threat of the zombie beasts, the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan mobilized their troops. On the one hand, they occupied Archean City and sealed off the Hundred Thousand Mountains to reduce the number of zombie beasts. On the other hand, they sent people deep into the Hundred Thousand Mountains to search for the traces of the Esek.
However, Esek was indeed cunning.
He was not in the Hundred Thousand Mountains at all.
Instead, at some point, he had returned to the main camp of the Corpse Clan, the Corpse God Territory.
Today, Esek received a summon from the Corpse God Ancestor and headed to Sky City.
In the Sky City, Esek saw a certain clone of the Corpse God.
The Corpse God was full of praise for Esek, and it did not skimp on rewards.
In short, the inspiring words spoken by the Corpse God left Esek feeling exhilarated, and he received generous rewards.
As he was riding a flying boat back to the lower city, Esek was still a bit dizzy. Suddenly, he saw a golden flying boat flying up from below, heading to the Sky City to meet the Corpse God Ancestor.
This made Esek couldn’t help but ask, “Who is that god?”
In any regime, there are strict rules and hierarchies.
In the Corpse Clan, those who could take the golden flying boats to the Sky City were either gods or god-level dignitaries.
Considering that the current battle between the three clans was in full swing and the scarcity of the Corpse Clan allies, it was unlikely that the foreign gods would visit the Corpse God at this time. So, the only remaining options were the other four Corpse Clan gods besides the Corpse God.
Behind him, the steward said, “I’m sorry, my lord. I didn’t know.”
Esek nodded in understanding and did not blame him. It was normal for his steward not to know about the matters of the gods.
Maybe it’s Lord Monte…
As he thought this in his heart, Esek did not know that his guess was far from the truth.
The golden flying boat stopped at the dock.
Divine power surged from within the Sky City and landed near the flying boat, blocking all external perception of this place.
At this moment, the door of the flying boat finally opened. An elegant figure slowly walked out, standing on the ground of the Sky City.
She had soft golden hair, fair skin, and bright blue eyes.
She stood at around 1.9 meters tall, with a perfect figure.
A thin veil covered her face, combined with her veil-like clothing, creating an alluring image.
At this moment, there was no one beside this woman. The woman waited for a moment before a figure quickly walked over from afar.
“Welcome, esteemed guest. I am truly honored to have you here!”
Zero’s avatar said with a smile, but the woman only narrowed her eyes slightly and pondered.
“I don’t know why you’ve invited me, Corpse God.”
After she finished speaking in a neither servile nor overbearing manner, she heard Zero replied with a smile, “Of course it’s a major matter, Your Excellency Origin Insect Mother.”
The Origin Insect Mother.
The guardian deity of the Insect Clan!
She was one of the oldest deities in the Black Mist Zone, with her origins dating back to the era of the Beast King.
However, recently, the Origin Insect Mother had rarely appeared in public, and all affairs of the clan had been entrusted to other deities of the Insect Clan.
Zero had indeed wielded considerable influence to bring this ancient deity to the Sky City.
Even if it was just a clone.
Looking at Zero, who was smiling, the Insect Mother’s brow furrowed, as she did not particularly like Zero. His expressions and demeanor always gave her an unsettling feeling, much like seeing a sinister shadow.
Still, the Insect Mother said coldly, “What’s the major matter?”
“If it’s something like the Three-Clan Battle, it’s not a significant matter for you and me…”
At the level of the clan guardian deities, a battle between the three clans that did not involve a divine battle was inferior to a fight between children.
Zero’s next words immediately made the Origin Insect Mother restrain its impatience.
“It concerns the Supreme God and your background.”
At this point, Zero faced the Insect Mother and gestured with his mouth.
The mouth movement depicted three words: Outer World Demon.
This made the Insect Mother instantly fall silent.
After a long silence, a cold glint flashed in the Insect Mother’s eyes.
“Let’s discuss this inside.”
The secret meeting between the Corpse God and the Insect Mother lasted for three days.
Three days later, the Insect Mother left Sky City thoughtfully.
After returning to her tribe’s territory, the Insect Mother immediately gathered the various Insect Clan deities and issued a secret decree.
On the same day, a secret organization called the “Subverters” mobilized its members almost in full strength, secretly infiltrating various regions within the Black Mist Zone.
Zone of Chaos, Moro City.
When Yuan’s clone arrived, he immediately saw the abnormality in Moro City.
From the outside, the city appeared as usual, but with the eyes of a deity, Yuan would be able to see that the entire Moro City seemed to be shrouded in a mysterious mist.
Through the mist, Yuan could clearly see that all the residents of Moro City were in a deep, uninterrupted slumber.
Their dreams were brewing energy that flowed into the depths underground.
Another source of energy in the depths of the ground was reflected into everyone’s bodies, maintaining the vital signs of everyone.
The bizarre scene made Yuan smirk.
“Little one, well done.”
As he muttered, his figure turned into light and instantly arrived deep underground in Moro City.
As if sensing Yuan’s arrival, countless pairs of huge crimson eyes beneath Moro City snapped open. Thus, the monster known as the Source of Dreams faced the deity named Yuan, in a direct confrontation!
Yuan was the first to speak. He had a smile on his face and his tone was gentle and soothing, “Serve me or die.”
Farther west of the Chaotic Domain, the Extreme Western Domain, also known as the Frozen Land.
This place was perennially covered in ice and snow, with freezing temperatures and rare visitors.
At the same time, it was the territory of another ancient and powerful first-class clan, the Ancient Demon Clan.
If it was said that the Ancient Demon Clan was once a terrifying existence that could make a child stop coughing, and their strength was once number one in the world.
However, a long time ago, the Ancient Demon Clans had been defeated by the Eternal Clan and banished to the Frozen Land.
However, although they were defeated, they were still stronger than the weaker clans.
Based on the fact that the Ancient Demon Clan had been defeated by the Aeonians and could still stay in the Black Mist Zone instead of hiding in the ruins and struggling at death’s door, one could tell that the strength of the Ancient Demon Clan was far stronger than the Flame Clan at its peak.
Today, the four pillar deities of the Ancient Demon Clan stood before the Myriad Layered Demon Abyss, staring in silence for a long time.
It was not until the oldest and mightiest demon deity, the Desolate Demon Lord, finally spoke.
“I’ll go first, and you shall await my news.”
The other three deities were silent for a moment before speaking one after another.
“Take care on this journey.”
“What lies in the depths of the earth is still unknown. Relying solely on Zero’s words, I find it somewhat unwise, but it is indeed a glimmer of hope…”
“If you return safely from this journey, I, the Ice Pillar Demon God, Jeros, will willingly acknowledge you as the leader of the Ancient Demon Clan.”
But the Desolate Demon Lord ignored the voices of others, keeping his gaze fixed on the abyss. After a long while, he transformed into a streak of rainbow light and shot into the depths of the Abyss.
Only the other three Demon Gods remained silent, gazing for a long time..


CHAPTER-287
Chapter 287: The Great Era (4)

The Black Mist Zone was vast and boundless. No one knew how big the entire Black Mist Zone was.
But God knew…
“The entire land in the Black Mist Zone was like an isolated island surrounded by the sea on all sides. This place is the eastern sea, or the East Sea for short.” “The sea is boundless, and the islands in the sea are scattered like stars. However, the islands are all small and not worth mentioning.”
There were two people standing by the sea. Both of them were dressed in black robes and had their heads covered. The person who spoke was one of them.
After this person finished speaking, the other person took advantage of the situation to speak.
“I know all this. Compared to this, there’s something else that makes me more curious.”
“What are you curious about?”
“Your identity.”
After saying this, he suddenly chuckled, “By the way, on account that we’re all subversives, 1’11 introduce myself first. My name is Eta, a clanless and homeless god.”
There were many clanless gods in the Black Mist Zone.
Most of these gods were the only ones who survived after their clans were destroyed. A small number of them were those who were unwilling to be restrained by their clan or take responsibility. Instead, they wandered in the Black Mist Zone alone. The strength of these gods was enough for them to live comfortably.
Hearing Eta’s words, the other person thought for a moment, then he smiled and asked, “Do you really want to know my identity?”
Eta simply nodded, “I do.”
“Then do you know that not many people who knew my identity are still alive?”
A faint dangerous aura emitted from the black-robed man, causing Eta to narrow his eyes. After a long time, Ita chuckled again and said, “It’s fine if you don’t want to say it, but why do you have to say such ruthless words… In short, you have to give me a name, right? Do you feel good if I keep calling you “Hey, Hey?”
Eta gave him a way out, and the black-robed man did not refuse.
“Just call me Qi.”
“Alright… Mr. Qi. According to the contact, you make the decision this time and I’ll assist you. Speaking of which, I still don’t know why we came to the seaside of the East Sea.”
As soon as Eta finished speaking, Qi just pricked up his ears to listen. A moment later, he suddenly raised his hand and pointed at the other end of the sea level.
“There, we’re here for that.”
Eta looked into the distance.
But he saw nothing.
This made Eta’s heart sink, but he remained calm on the surface.
About ten minutes later, faint waves appeared. Then, there were noises coming from the bottom of the sea in the distance.
It seemed as though there were thousands of soldiers and horses walking towards the coastline from the bottom of the sea.
At this moment, Eta raised his eyebrows and looked at Qi much more solemnly.
Qi ignored Eta and just spoke calmly.
“Sea beasts, a type of exotic beast.”
“I remember that in the era of the Beast King, exotic beasts were very powerful, and 80% of the exotic beast faction was made up of sea beasts.”
“After the Beast King was defeated, it retreated into the Hundred Thousand Mountains with part of the land beasts. However, even more sea beasts crawled into the four seas and were never heard of again.”
“From that moment on, the sea became a forbidden area for all clans… It was as if there was a clear dividing line between sea beasts and all the other clans. They minded their own business.”
At this point, Qi paused for a moment, and said, “However, it’s actually not impossible for us to have interactions.”
Eta had already sensed that Qi’s strength and identity were very likely to far exceed his imagination.
He could not help but reply humbly, “What interaction?”
Qi replied, “There are always some intelligent races chosen by the Supreme God who love water and are unable to leave the marine environment.”
“There are also some races that can’t stay on land anymore and can only retreat into the four seas that are considered forbidden areas.”
“As time passed, a type of ecological environment completely different from the land was born in the four seas… The relationship between the people and mutated beasts there was also much more harmonious than those on land.”
It was only at this moment that Eta vaguely realized something.
Looking at the increasingly turbulent waves in the distance, Eta could not help but ask, “So this time, our subversives seem to be preparing to play a big game…”
Qi shook his head again, “It’s not that we subversives want to play big.”
“It’s because there are too many existences. They’ve long wanted to play big in this damn place.”
Qi’s voice contained immense hatred and dissatisfaction.
Eta could not help but fall silent when he heard this. Clearly, he had thought of something.
In the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
To humans, the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains was undoubtedly a forbidden area.
However, to the “gods”, there was no absolute forbidden area in the entire Black Mist Zone. This place was no exception.
The Divine Spirit naturally knew that the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains was ruled by the four exotic beasts under the former Beast King. They were Azure, Bai Xun, Blackmond, and Emperor Yao.
The four beast groups divided the core area of the entire Hundred Thousand Mountains. They were isolated from the world and lived quite comfortably here.
However, today, because of the arrival of a certain subversive, the originally peaceful life in the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains no longer existed.
A huge commotion broke out between the four clans.
“It’s our duty to rebuild the glory of the Beast King!”
The Blackmond Beast King stepped on the Azure Beast King’s corpse and roared at the sky. Behind it, the Bai Xun Beast King, Emperor Yao Beast King, bowed.
Suddenly, a voice came from the side.
“Then, Sir Blackmond, it’s settled between you and us subversives.”
The huge beast named Blackmond panted heavily, white smoke spewing from its nostrils.
“Of course! The people of the Beast King are not people who go back on their word and forget their ancestors!”
As it spoke, it even stepped hard on the corpse of the Azure Beast King, as if the Azure Beast King was the one who forgot its ancestor.
The subversive just smiled and casually threw out a crystal ball.
“Here’s the deposit.”
Looking at the dense liquid in the crystal ball, Blackmond’s eyes burned. “Beast King’s blood! Where did you get the Beast King’s blood?!”
Of course, the subversive would not say that the Mother Tree was in charge of the wholesale of Beast King’s blood according to tons. He just smiled and said, “I don’t know the source, but 1 think it should be some secret channel. It’s extremely difficult to obtain this thing. 1 think this 500 grams of Beast King blood already shows our sincerity, right?”
Blackmond nodded repeatedly, extremely satisfied with this cooperation.
Lu Ming was awakened by the commotion in the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
Judging from the time, it was probably when Blackmond killed Azure. Because the distance was too far, even though the two of them had explosive combat strength and Lu Ming’s perception range was extremely wide, he could only barely hear the sound. So, Lu Ming did not know what exactly happened.
In the blink of an eye, he threw this matter to the back of his mind.
Lu Ming began to think about another problem.
“How long has it been?”
If he used the Void Realm to assist in his cultivation, it was easy to cause a time perception confusion.
Of course, this was not a big problem. He just simply adapted to it.
After a few seconds, Lu Ming suddenly nodded.
“It’s been two months.”
That’s right, two months had passed since he arrived at Frost Lake.
He opened his attribute panel again.
At this moment, Lu Ming’s attributes came into view..


CHAPTER-288
Chapter 288: Visitor

Name: Lu Ming
Level: Physique Realm, Level 5.
Transcendent Ability: Self-Limitation State
Strength: 938,900
Physique: 938,900
Agility: 938,900
Free Attribute Points: 897,700
Divine Source Points: 44
Superhuman Abilities:
1. Self-Limitation of the Body.
2. Void Realm.
3…
Source Power Skills:
Angry Dragon Cannon (Intricate) (130,000/10,000,000).
1 Additional special effects: Long-range power enhancement, deterrence enhancement, rapid speed, spiritual pressure enhancement, concentration. I (Generated without Silver patterns.)
Extreme Shadow Assassination Fist (Intricate) (1,350,000/10,000,000).
Additional Special Effects: Annihilation Explosion, High Speed Fist, Eighth Level Force, iron Hand, Void Break. (Generated without Silver patterns.)
Wild Beast Protective Technique (Intricate) (0/10,000,000).
Additional special effects: Absolute Defense (Level 1), Flame Vigor Burning, Enhanced Repulsive Force, Nourishment. (One Silver pattern)
Flame Pulse Breathing Technique (Proficient) (7,356/10,000).
Fire Body Forging Technique (Mastery) (76,360/100,000).
Others: omitted.
Time was Lu Ming’s best friend!
After cultivating in seclusion for two months, Lu Ming had obtained nearly 300,000 attributes. At the same time, he had also cultivated five Divine Power Realm body protective techniques, three long-range Source Power skills, and three Divine Power Realm fist techniques.
The harvest was indeed substantial.
However, this was only a quantitative change. The qualitative change did not happen.
There was not even a shadow of the Blood Pattern, clearly, it was a long way off.
The golden patterns made Lu Ming even more confused.
There was still only one silver pattern the accumulation of long-range attacks and the special effects of the fist technique was completely insufficient to transform into silver patterns.
On the other hand, the silver patterns on the Body Forging technique were somewhat strange…
In the past two months, Lu Ming had cultivated five Divine Power Realm Body Forging techniques.
However, it was not as he had expected. It did not continuously accumulate special effects and construct new magic patterns with special effects.
The new special effect was actually directly absorbed by the original silver patterns and became the nutrients for Lu Ming’s only silver pattern growth and strengthening…
This was different from what Esek had once said…
Lu Ming himself was not very clear about the logic behind it, but he just needed to know that his efforts had not been in vain. Although he had not transformed new silver patterns, it was not a loss to increase the strength of the original silver patterns.
In short, although he could not figure out many things, Lu Ming knew one thing clearly. With the system, he was somewhat different from the other Ancient Realms.
It was afternoon time and it was time for Lu Ming to have his meal.
When he walked out of the room and into the courtyard, he saw that Roxin had already prepared food in the courtyard.
The main food was a kind of tree fruit. It was rich in energy and the quantity was large to make one full.
Coupled with exotic beast meat and wild vegetables, it formed a sumptuous meal.
Being in the Hundred Thousand Mountains, they naturally did not lack food and drinks.
Although their lifestyle was a little primitive, if they pursued just peace and satiation, the Hundred Thousand Mountains could easily satisfy such needs.
Sitting in his seat, Lu Ming said to Roxin in a muffled voice as he gulped down the food.
“What about them?”
Roxin replied, “My brother is in seclusion. Brother Chao and Uncle Lu have gone out to hunt.”
Lu Ming could not help but nod and say, “Thankyou for all your hard work.” During this period of time, Lu Ming and Roda had been focusing on their cultivation, while Roxin, Quan Chao and Uncle Lu took care of all the trivial matters.
Hunting, picking, cooking, and cleaning.
It was not a difficult matter, but it was cumbersome and necessary.
Roxin just smiled. She sat opposite Lu Ming and rested her chin on her hands as she looked at Lu Ming eagerly.
It was unknown what she thought of, but her cheeks inexplicably flushed red.
Under the setting sun, the man and woman formed a rather beautiful painting.
Until the knock on the door interrupted this peace.
Lu Ming put down his bowl and chopsticks and frowned.
This was because he did not sense that there was an aura outside the door.
Roxin was straightforward and simply stood up to open the door. Lu Ming also stood up and stared at the door.
Accompanied by the creaking sound of the door axis, the door was opened and a figure covered in a black robe entered their vision.
“You are…”
Roxin thought that Quan Chao and Uncle Lu had returned. At this moment, when she saw the stranger, she was immediately confused.
Lu Ming walked forward and came to Roxin’s side. He looked at the guy in front of him who was hiding his face and frowned even more.
He did not sense any aura from this person.
It was as if the guy standing in front of him was not a living person, but a moving doll.
Until the person in front of him pulled down his hood, revealing his beautiful face under the hood.
No, it should be her. She had exquisite and small facial features. Her overall height was about 1.6 meters. She was slightly short, but when combined with her beautiful facial features, she looked a little cute.
However, there was nothing cute about her expression.
Be it her eyes or expression, this person revealed a high and mighty aura.
She did not even look at Roxin and just sized Lu Ming up.
After a long time, this person spoke, “You’re Lu Ming? That Lu Ming who has an old relationship with Esek?”
Lu Ming hesitated for a moment before nodding, “That’s me.”
“Let me take a look at the silver patterns.”
The woman spoke in a commanding tone. Lu Ming hesitated for a moment when he heard this, but he still tore open the shirt on his chest and revealed his silver patterns.
One could see a golden light flowing in the woman”s eyes.
Although there were no energy fluctuations, Lu Ming still felt a huge pressure and palpitation from the golden light!
This was an expert!
An expert far above him!
Quasi-God?
Or was it a true god?
Lu Ming did not have an answer.
However, his instincts told him that it was best for him to listen to whatever the other party said…
Just as he was thinking this, a fair finger landed on the silver pattern on Lu Ming’s chest.
The woman touched the silver patterns on Lu Ming’s chest and slowly narrowed her eyes, as if she was seriously sensing something.
Soon, the woman retracted her hand, and the light in her eyes gradually subsided.
“It’s indeed as Esek said. There’s something special about you.’1
After saying this, the woman walked into the courtyard as if she had returned to her own house and sat down at the dining table.
“My name is Moon Fiend Yue, an official member of a mysterious organization… By the way, the official members of this mysterious organization are all Divine Spirit Realm experts.”
After saying that, she immediately looked at Lu Ming, as if she wanted to see huge shock and loss of composure in Lu Ming’s eyes.
However, Lu Ming just nodded calmly and said, “So, Your Excellency, why are you here?”
Moon Fiend did not see what she wanted to see and could not help but purse her lips.
Then, she said with an indifferent expression, “I came here because I heard from the Corpse God that there’s a little guy called Lu Ming here who has a lot of potential and can be absorbed into the organization at any time. That’s why 1 came to meet you.”
“Esek is indeed not lying… Your silver pattern is different from ordinary silver patterns. Although they’re all silver patterns, your silver pattern seems to have a certain level of growth… Therefore, from the looks of it, you’ve indeed fulfilled the criteria of the organization to recruit reserve members.”
“In short, you’ll follow me from now on..”


CHAPTER-289
Chapter 289: Moon Fiend

The cause of the matter and what had happened were very simple.
After parting ways with Lu Ming, Esek returned to the Corpse Race.
Of course, he needed to report everything that had happened in Archean City to his superiors.
Due to the fact that the way Esek broke through to the Ancient Realm was to fuse with the son of the Beast King—this involved the Corpse God’s previous research project.
As a result, Esek was personally summoned by the Corpse God.
In front of the Corpse God, it was natural that Esek gave an answer to whatever the Corpse God asked—he definitely had no reason to hide Lu Ming’s information.
As a result, the name Lu Ming could be considered to have caught the Corpse God’s attention.
Of course, there was no need for the Corpse God to pay too much attention to a mere Lu Ming. However, the Corpse God was one of the higher-ups of the subversives, and the biggest goal of the subverters was to collect the exotic beings in the Black Mist Zone.
Although Lu Ming, who could resist the power of the golden and silver patterns, was far from being an exotic being, he was indeed not an ordinary existence.
Therefore, Corpse God sent the information concerning Lu Ming to the information bank of the subversives.
Recently, the subversives were prepared to come out to the open.
A large number of subversives came out in full strength, either subduing exotic beasts or revealing their hidden forces. Moon Fiend had come to the Hundred Thousand Mountains this time under orders to contact the Black Mist Beast King.
After coming into contact with the Black Mist Beast King, Moon Fiend had a flash of inspiration and thought of Lu Ming, who was not considered an exotic being.
Moon Fiend was an ordinary member of the subversives.
Her strength was at the bottom of the Divine Spirit Realm, and she basically did not have any power or anything like that.
At this moment, seeing her colleagues walk from the dark to the open, one or two of them were either extremely powerful hidden factions or the gods of some second-rate or even first-rate large clans. Moon Fiend, this god who had no race or family, did not want to fall behind. She might as well start from recruiting Lu Ming and some others to build her own foundation.
To be honest, Moon Fiend was taking it for granted…
Now, she was only thinking of establishing a faction… How could a faction established in a short period of time be compared to a faction that had been managed for a long time?
However, there were hundreds of different gods.
Moon Fiend was one of those big-hearted and willful gods.
To put it bluntly, those who were lucky enough to snatch the first place of the Heaven Ascension Stairs did not match their strength and temperament at all. They could do whatever they wanted. To put it nicely, they were straightforward. To put it bluntly, they did not have the ability to make long-term plans at all.
At this moment, Moon Fiend probably was on a whim to take Lu Ming in as her subordinate, with an attitude that said, “Let’s take him in first. 1 haven’t thought about how to use him.”
“From now on, you’ll follow me.”
After saying this to Lu Ming, she looked at Lu Ming and said, “If you have any questions, tell me now. I’m very busy.”
Lu Ming’s heart tightened, but his expression did not change.
“What’s the name of our organization?”
He did not ask whether he could be her subordinate… This was because in the Black Mist Zone, the weak did not have the ability to refute the words and decisions of the strong unless they wanted to die.
Moon Fiend fiddled with her fingers in boredom and said, “You don’t need to know this. You’re only a reserve member of the organization after following me. When your strength reaches the standard, you’ll naturally know the name of the organization.”
Lu Ming took a deep breath and suppressed the inexplicable anger in his heart. He said, “Then what obligations and benefits do I have after following you?”
Moon Fiend was clearly stunned.
After thinking for a moment, she said, “The obligation is to complete the mission I gave you. The benefit is that you have a divine level backer.”
“I’ll help you deal with some things that you can’t do, and you have to help me deal with some small problems that 1 don’t have time to deal with.”
After saying that, Moon Fiend nodded, as if she was quite satisfied with her excuse.
Lu Ming thought about it and could not find anything wrong with it…
There was actually nothing inappropriate about such a superior-subordinate relationship.
Although from the beginning, Lu Ming did not want to be anyone’s subordinate…
“Also, what’s so different about my silver patterns?”
Lu Ming pulled open his clothes again, revealing the wavy silver patterns on his chest.
Seeing this, Moon Fiend said, “Ordinary Ancient Realm silver patterns don’t have the potential to further strengthen. However, your silver pattern seems to have the potential to continue strengthening. If the information is correct, a few months ago, your silver patterns should have been slightly weaker than ordinary protective silver patterns. However, now, the strength of your silver patterns is already not much different from ordinary protective silver patterns.”
Lu Ming asked, “What’s the reason?”
The awkward expression on Moon Fiend’s face disappeared quickly. Then, she said with a dark expression, “There’s no reason.”
“The Black Mist Zone is vast and boundless. Something abnormal will always happen. Your silver pattern is also an abnormality. As for the reason, you won’t understand even if 1 tell you.”
Lu Ming understood and did not ask further. Seeing this, Moon Fiend seemed to be afraid that Lu Ming would ask something she did not understand.
With a flip of her hand, a pure black token with complicated patterns appeared in her hand.
“This is the organization’s identity token. The token also has communication functions.”
“In the future, if I have anything, I’ll contact you through this token. Take good care of it.”
The token flew up and floated in front of Lu Ming.
Seeing this, Lu Ming took the token and saw Moon Fiend’s figure fade before gradually disappearing.
There was only her voice slowly entering Lu Ming’s ears.
“Your first mission.”
“As my contact with the Blackmond Beast King.”
“The token is the identity symbol. With the token, no exotic beasts in the Hundred Thousand Mountains will dare to attack you again.”
“In the future, if anything happens to the Blackmond Beast King, it will come here to look for you. Contact me with the token again. At that time, I’ll tell you what to do.”
It was not until the voice calmed down for a long time that Lu Ming narrowed his eyes slightly.
It was unknown what he was thinking.
Lu Ming sat back at the dining table and picked up the bowl and chopsticks. He ate and drank in large mouthfuls.
Roxin also sat beside Lu Ming and watched as Lu Ming ate crazily. After a moment, she said softly, “Is that really a god?”
Neither of them had seen a true god before. They only knew from the rumors that the god was powerful and majestic.
It was unknown if this Moon Fiend was powerful or not. It had nothing to do with majesty.
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming replied, “If not a god, still a quasi god.”
In short, it was an existence that could not be resisted in terms of strength.
After eating, Lu Ming wiped his mouth and took out the black token with his slightly greasy hand.
Playing with the item in his hand, Lu Ming narrowed his eyes and pondered for a long time. He did not know what he was planning…
At the side, Roxin spoke again, “Actually, it’s not necessarily a bad thing. After all, Brother Lu, you now have a god as your backer…”
Lu Ming replied, “The premise is that this god is really reliable and is willing to help me.”
After saying this, Lu Ming seemed to have made up his mind. He put away the token and stood up.
“I’ll go back to the house and continue cultivating. Roxin, I still need your help to keep a lookout. If that Blackmond Beast King comes looking for me, notify me immediately.”
Roxin nodded and said, “Sure..”


CHAPTER-290
Chapter 290: Return

To Lu Ming, Moon Fiend’s appearance was somewhat baffling.
However, in the following months, this matter did not cause any trouble for Lu Ming.
Moon Fiend came and took Lu Ming in as her subordinate. After that, she did not send a message again. The Blackmond Clan she mentioned did not come looking for her.
Lu Ming wondered if Moon Fiend had forgotten about him… In any case, Lu Ming felt that he might be about to forget Moon Fiend.
Time slowly passed.
Lu Ming gradually accumulated strength.
After 52 days, the Blazing Flame Body Forging Technique advanced to the perfect realm.
Flame Body Forging Technique (Mastery) (0/100,000): Physique Realm Body Forging Technique. This secret technique requires the assistance of Flamestones during cultivation. Only when the power of flame enters the body can one temper the physique!
You have mastered the cultivation of the Flame Body Forging Technique. At the Proficient stage, each cycle will increase your three-dimensional attributes by 20 points and grant you 20 free attribute points. It also consumes one unit of Flamestone.
With every cycle of the Body Forging technique, the attribute points obtained increased from 10 to 20.
It was equivalent to Lu Ming’s efficiency in farming attributes doubled again.
Although he also knew that the efficiency of Spirit Realm and even Source Realm Body Forging Techniques was higher, considering that the Source Power Skill of the Divine Power Realm could bring about some obvious changes, Lu Ming still did not give up on the Physique Realm Source Power Skill, the Flame Body Forging Technique.
This was also related to the fact that there was a flamestone mine nearby.
Another 50 days later.
In other words, the 530th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming’s expression changed and he looked down at his chest.
Two additional silver patterns gradually appeared on his chest, like a birthmark.
Silver Pattern: Fist Kill (Level 1)
Silver Pattern: Bow Kill (Level 1)
These two new silver patterns shone with the same nature as the silver patterns of the Body Protective technique.
Thinking about it, their special characteristics were the same—they were both silver patterns that had growth potential.
At this moment, Lu Ming still only had one silver pattern on his Body Protective technique. However, as the Absolute Defense (Level 1) silver pattern characteristic kept absorbing other special effects, the strength of Lu Ming’s Body Forging technique silver pattern could not be compared to before.
“Other Ancient Realms cultivated, they obtained a quantity of silver patterns, but when it came to me, it turned into a quality of silver patterns…”
Moon Fiend could not understand the special qualities of Lu Ming’s silver patterns, and Lu Ming naturally could not fathom the intricacies within.
“But, as long as I can become stronger, these are all insignificant matters.”
After muttering to himself, Lu Ming continued his cultivation.
Two more months passed, marking the 590th Day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming’s cultivation was interrupted by the ringtone.
He got up and walked to the door. When he opened the door, he saw Roxin standing there.
Seeing Lu Ming, Roxin immediately said, “Brother Lu, someone has come to see you, from the Blackmond Clan.”
Lu Ming’s eyes flashed, “I’ll go take a look.”
Nearly half a year later, the things Moon Fiend had instructed finally began to take shape.
Together with Roxin, Lu Ming went to the front gate, where they saw a strong, dark-skinned man of nearly three meters in height, standing with his arms crossed.He arrived at the entrance with Luo Xin and saw a strong black-skinned man nearly three meters tall standing in front of the door with his hands behind his back.
Seeing Lu Ming, this man raised an eyebrow and sized him up rather rudely. Then, he grinned, revealing a mouth full of shark-like teeth.
“You’re the contact of the contact?”
The contact of the contact… What the hell was this?
Lu Ming was puzzled, but he did not show it on his face.
“You’re looking for my lord? What’s the matter?”
The man said, “Our clan leader said that we need more Beast King’s blood, and he wants to obtain more from the contact.”
Lu Ming nodded and said, “Wait a moment.”
Lu Ming did not know anything about contact or the Beast King’s blood.
Moon Fiend had never mentioned it to him.
Facing this situation, Lu Ming naturally had to inform Moon Fiend immediately.
He returned to his room and took out his token, infusing it with Source Power. Soon, a lazy voice echoed from the token.
“Lu Ming? What’s the matter?”
Seems like she has not forgotten me…
Lu Ming thought to himself, and quickly recounted what had just happened.
When Moon Fiend, on the other end, heard this, she could not help but curse, “These greedy beasts!”
After some thought, she added, “Send the envoy of the Blackmond Clan away first. Then come to Archean City to pick me up.”
Lu Ming was stunned, “Pick you up?”
Moon Fiend said impatiently, “I’ll take you to see a few people and discuss some matters.”
“And the next time 1 speak, just listen, don’t ask so many questions.”
It was unknown if Moon Fiend had negative emotions after waking up or something else, but her attitude was not very good.
Lu Ming did not respond but just said okay and ended the communication.
Outside the door, after Lu Ming said that “my lord will visit later”, the envoy of the Blackmond Clan left.
After giving instructions to Roxin, Lu Ming headed in the direction of Archean City.
This was the first time Lu Ming had left his home in more than 200 days.
“I’ll just treat it as a short break to change my mood…”
Lu Ming thought in a somewhat lighthearted manner.
But his cultivation had been disturbed, so his mood was understandably not the best.
The gloomy atmosphere in the Hundred Thousand Mountains was completely different from its once-familiar territory, that Lu Ming’s mood was down in the dumps.
At that time, when Lu Ming and his group had hidden in the Hundred Thousand Mountains, the outer areas were already occupied by zombie beasts, but the environment had not been heavily damaged.
However, after more than two hundred days, when Lu Ming returned to the same location, he was shocked to find that the entire Hundred Thousand Mountains had been utterly ravaged.
A large number of plants had been destroyed, and from the traces, it seemed to be the aftermath of a battle involving Source Realm experts.
The ground was littered with zombie beast carcasses.
Zombie beast carcasses were worthless, and when they died, the corpse poison within them would seep out along with corpse fluids, not only contaminating the environment but also becoming a source of secondary pollution.
Wherever Lu Ming walked, the ground was covered in gray, and most of the plants had died due to pollution. Every now and then, he could see shadows moving, which were the tracks of the zombie beasts.
Lu Ming carried the aura of Esek, so he was not afraid of being attacked by zombie beasts. But the harsh and foul environment inevitably made Lu Ming a little depressed.
When Lu Ming arrived at Archean City and saw the scene where the Corpse clan and the Insect clan coexisted within the city, he was even more puzzled.
“What’s going on?”
“The Giant Clan has been betrayed by the Insect Clan.”
A voice came from not far away, and when Lu Ming turned to look, he saw a familiar face.
“Iron Lump?”
The Insect Clan member who came to welcome Lu Ming cocked his head.
“Please call me Tang Chongye, okay?”
When enemies met, they did not attack.
Tang Chongye had a mission to carry out, so he naturally could not harm his mission target.
As for Lu Ming, he was still taken aback by the news Tang Chongye had just told him.
“The Giant Clan has been betrayed by the Insect Clan.”
On the way to Archean City, Lu Ming muttered to himself, and Tang Chongye nodded.
“Yes, under the orders of the Origin Insect Mother, with the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, they formed an alliance with the Corpse Clan.”
“When the Giant Race was not on guard at all, the Insect Clan dealt them a fatal blow..”


CHAPTER-291
Chapter 291: The Four Ancient Beast Clans

Among clans, there were no eternal friends, only eternal interests.
Humans could have bad intentions, and naturally, the collective formed by groups of people can have as well.
Moreover, the cooperation between the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan was not that reliable to begin with, so breaking apart at this moment made sense.
After Tang Chongye explained tirelessly, Lu Ming finally knew that the grudge between the two clans was far more complicated than just disbanding.
“Six months ago, eight of our Insect Clan deities secretly attacked the Giant King Court of the Giant Clan.”
“The Corpse God also personally went down and killed the Giant Clan’s Ancestor in the Giant King Court.”
“At the same time, both our Insect Clan and the Corpse Clan sent dozens of quasi-deities to the battlefield, instantly reversing the situation. The Giant Clan’s army was almost completely wiped out in a short time!”
Deities destroying the heavens and the earth.
Quasi-deities with the power to reach thousands of miles.
There had been no divine battle in the Black Mist region for centuries, so the vigilance against divine battles had been at its lowest.
On that day, when they suddenly fell under the attack of Divine Spirit Realm experts, the Giant Clan was almost instantly defeated!
“In that battle, nearly ten Divine Spirit Realm experts were killed on both sides, and the Giant King Court was completely wiped out. The remaining Giant Clan, led by Princess Haona and the only two surviving Giant Clan deities, retreated to the east.”
“They were guarding the city there and asking the Aeonians for help…”
Lu Ming raised an eyebrow, “The Aeonians still care about this?”
“Care? Why don’t they care? They like to meddle in others’ business…” Tang Chongye sneered at the Aeonians for a while before hearing Lu Ming ask again, “Were they also meddling this time?”
Tang Chongye nodded, “They did, of course.”
When he heard this, Lu Ming’s heart sank.
As he got closer and closer to Archean City, Lu Ming could already see the details of the city.
Corpse Soldiers were densely packed, Corpse Beasts ran rampant, Insect nests were everywhere, and vigilance towers towered.
This was undoubtedly no longer the Archean City that Lu Ming was familiar with.
This place had turned into a massive military camp!
And the direction the military camp was guarding against was none other than the depths of the Hundred Thousand Mountains!
This sight was enough to make Lu Ming think of many things.
The somewhat sinister tone of Tang Chongye’s voice behind him only confirmed his suspicions.
“However, what the Aeonians don’t know is that the Corpse God and the Insect Mother’s target was not the Giant Clan to begin with, but the Aeonians.”
Walking slowly to Lu Ming’s side, Tang Chongye looked into the distance and said leisurely, “The Aeonians have been in charge for far too long… so long that they truly believe that they’re the rulers of the Black Mist Zone. Now, with the Corpse God and the Insect Mother raising their banners, many followers have gathered everywhere.”
As he spoke, Tang Chongye pointed at the Hundred Thousand Mountains behind him. “The Hundred Thousand Mountains have been chosen by the Corpse God and the Insect Mother as the third main battlefield against the Aeonians. From here, they will advance, and their forces will be directed towards the Qinghe Province!”
Lu Ming opened his mouth and for a moment did not know what to say.
After a while, he managed to say, “What’s the progress now?”
With that said, Lu Ming suddenly fell into a daze. He turned to look at Tang Chongye and added, “By the way, just a side note, which side do I belong to now?”
Lu Ming was genuinely confused about his position…
Tang Chongye raised an eyebrow and snorted, “Which side are you on? If you weren’t on our side, would I have the patience to discuss so much with you? Don’t you really know that Lord Moon Fiend is one of the guardian deities of the third battlefield?”
Lu Ming really did not know about this…
“As for the progress…”
Tang Chongye was just about to hold back when he suddenly heard a resentful female voice from behind. “The progress is that the Blackmond Beast King takes the money and doesn’t do anything!”
Hearing this, Lu Ming and Tang Chongye both turned around and saw that Moon Fiend had appeared behind the two of them, though they weren’t sure when.
Lu Ming and Tang Chongye bowed respectfully and heard Moon Fiend say, “Originally, the plan of the higher-ups was to rope in the Four Ancient Beast Tribes and let them organize the exotic beasts on the other side of the Hundred Thousand Mountains to form a beast tide vanguard! Originally, I had a good discussion with Blackmond but more than half a year has passed, and Blackmond has yet to take action. Instead, he’s so greedy that he wants more benefits from me.”
Looking at Lu Ming and Tang Chongye, Moon Fiend snorted.
“The two of you, come with me this time. I’ll personally see how greedy this Blackmond has become!”
With that said, Moon Fiend looked at Lu Ming and said, “Also, I called you here mainly to get to know people and the way. If there’s anything in the future, if you need anything, don’t immediately ask me. Find a way to deal with it yourself, and if you lack anything, go to Archean City to get it yourself.”
“Look for him,” Moon Fiend pointed at Tang Chongye and added, “If he can’t do it, look for his father. His father is a quasi-deity and is usually stationed in Archean City. If his father can’t help you, then come to me. Do you understand?”
Lu Ming nodded in agreement.
He could also tell that Moon Fiend was a rather lazy person, and in some ways, she was quite similar to himself – avoiding trouble.
And he saw Moon Fiend yawn and turn to walk towards the depths of the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
Many people who want to avoid trouble have one characteristic: they don’t talk much.
At this moment, Moon Fiend was leading Tang Chongye and Lu Ming to the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains. Along the way, they just focused on moving forward without saying a word.
On the other hand, Lu Ming had a good impression of Tang Chongye after getting to know him more. He was a pleasant person to be around. He had good manners, a lot of knowledge, and a calm and humorous way of speaking.
Of course, this was just basic etiquette. The two of them could never be friends… After all, Lu Ming had killed two of Iron Lump’s brothers.
This grudge could not be easily forgotten, but it could be buried deep in the heart and waited for the right moment.
One could also pretend to be friendly to make the enemy complacent.
“In the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains, there are significant differences in ecology compared to the outer and inner circles.”
“If the outer and inner circles of the Hundred Thousand Mountains are like wilderness, then the core area is not much different from the communities and kingdoms of our intelligent races.”
“Therefore, the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains can also be called the kingdom built by exotic beasts.”
Tang Chongye explained tirelessly and briefly introduced to Lu Ming the destination they were about to visit.
For beings in the Ancient Realm and even quasi-deity level experts, the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains could be considered a death zone.
But for deities, there was no danger in that place.
The Mutated Beast Kingdom in the core area was ruled by the Four Ancient Beast Tribes: Azure, Bai Xun, Blackmond, and Emperor Yao.
According to legend, these four tribes were the descendants of the four great land beast generals who once served under the Beast King.
However, these four tribes did not possess the same level of power as the Beast King, which were comparable to deities.
The strongest among them was only at the quasi-deity level, which was far inferior to deities.
Nevertheless, due to their rich heritage, these tribes still possessed valuable artifacts, such as the Primitive Barbaric Horn, which was shared by all four tribes.
This artifact could command exotic beasts.
This was also one of the reasons the four tribes were worth enlisting. It could incite a beast tide, making it an ideal cannon fodder.
“In short, with Lord Moon Fiend around, we’re just going through the motions.”
Tang Chongye said with a confident tone.
As the son of a quasi-deity, he was well aware of the gap between deities and quasi-deities.
Even someone like Moon Fiend, who was at the bottom tier among deities, was not someone the Four Ancient Beast Tribes could resist..


CHAPTER-292
Chapter 292: The Big Picture

It took nearly ten days for Lu Ming to make a round trip.
Until the 6ooth day of the Black Mist Calendar, a party of three finally entered the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
They walked through the mist, passed through the dark forests, and with the sound of rustling leaves and blooming flowers, they arrived at the territory of the four ancient beast clans.
Before their eyes were majestic mountains, surrounded by mist.
Shrouded in the mist were towering sculptures and endless buildings.
Even though this was not the first time seeing this scene, Moon Fiend could not help but purse her lips.
“These creatures are a sorry sight. They don’t look human or animal. Who knows what the four ancient beast clans have become now.”
This woman not only had a bad temper but also lacked the ability to speak properly.
She either remained silent like a mute or spoke with a mocking and condescending tone, which was quite unpleasant.
Of course, as a deity, she had every reason to be condescending.
So, at this moment, neither Lu Ming nor Tang Chongye said much. After all, Moon Fiend was not evaluating them.
The young girl with a charming appearance and animal ears, who had just emerged from the mist, was slightly taken aback by Moon Fiend’s words, but she did not dare say anything and simply quickly flashed a smile.
“Esteemed guests, please follow me. The few lords have been waiting for you for a long time.”
Moon Fiend snorted and followed along.
Lu Ming and Tang Chongye followed closely behind Moon Fiend.
Previously, Tang Chongye had told Lu Ming that the four ancient beast clans had been led by the Azure Beast Clan in the past.
However, half a year ago, during the time when Moon Fiend took Lu Ming as her subordinate, she persuaded the Black Mist Beast King to lead a rebellion and overthrow the rule of the Azure Clan.
However, there was an old covenant among the four clans. Rebellion was allowed, but genocide was not.
So, although the Azure Clan had lost power and the Blackmond Clan had taken over, the nominal rulers of this place were still the four clans in name.
The new Azure Beast King had long been selected.
On this trip, if Moon Fiend had come in person, the four Beast Kings would surely appear to show their respect to the deity.
As they walked through the mist with the young girl with animal ears, the surroundings became clearer as the mist gradually dissipated.
Clean pathways, rugged but unique architectural styles, ancient totem pillars that seemed to be the faith of the ancient beasts, and the creatures around them, which had mostly shed their animal forms and now resembled intelligent beings like the Aeonians and humans.
Seeing all of this, Moon Fiend sneered. She did not say anything more, but her disdain was evident.
Lu Ming, Tang Chongye, and the young girl with animal ears remained silent.
They just walked forward quickly and before long, they ascended the mountain and arrived at a grand hall on the mountaintop.
Five meters high, ancient beast warriors with some unique animal features opened the heavy door, revealing three figures standing side by side behind the door.
This scene made Moon Fiend frown.
“Where’s Blackmond!?”
The current Beast King of the ancient beast clan was named after the clan.
Blackmond was the Blackmond Beast King.
As soon as Moon Fiend finished speaking, an old man with horns on his head stepped forward and said, “Sir, Blackmond went out the day before yesterday and hasn’t returned yet. This morning, I communicated with him and he said that he would be back within three to five days. Coincidentally, when you came last time, we didn’t receive you properly. Please rest here for a while, and let the four ancient beast clans show you our hospitality.”
The elder Emperor Yao was good with words, said everything succinctly..
However, Moon Fiend’s mood was not as good as the last time.
She said coldly, “Last time, on behalf of us subversives, I sincerely wanted to cooperate with you. At that time, Blackmond promised a lot, saying that the descendants of the Beast King were not ones who went back on their word.”
“I believed you when you said it sincerely. At that time, my attitude was very good and I gave you face.”
“But what happened in the end? He took the deposit and didn’t do the job. I’ve waited for you for half a year, and you still haven’t given me a definite answer now.”
“Did my good attitude cause you to misunderstand something?!”
“Do you really think we subversives are easily fooled! Do you really think I, Moon Fiend, have no temper?!”
A violent aura exploded.
Lu Ming just felt his vision blur, and the next second, the entire hall instantly disappeared without a trace!
It was not crushed or exploded into powder by a huge force.
Instead, it disappeared into thin air, as if it had never existed from the beginning!
However, it was obvious that Moon Fiend had shown restraint.
She had only destroyed the palace. The three beast kings and the two ancient beasts guarding the door were not injured at all.
Even so, the divine power that had just flickered and vanished left the three quasi-divine Beast Kings trembling, and they dared not even take a breath. Just now, they had genuinely experienced the taste of death and the smell of it!
After a long time, Emperor Yao, still trembling, spoke, “Lord, we really didn’t mean to deceive you.”
“I promise that when Blackmond returns, he will definitely give you a satisfactory answer to the matters you discussed. Otherwise, our four ancient beast clans will all meet a terrible end!”
Moon Fiend coldly snorted, “If I’m not satisfied, I’ll be the one who makes sure you don’t have a good ending. Do you understand?”
The three Beast Kings nodded repeatedly.
Moon Fiend turned around and left, her figure dissipating into light, and it was unclear where she went.
As followers brought by Moon Fiend, Lu Ming and Tang Chongye received the courtesy of the four ancient beast clans.
“The Guest Reception Pavilion is specifically designed to entertain esteemed guests. Are you both satisfied with the environment?”
The so-called Guest Reception Pavilion was a manor built in the mountains.
The manor was not small, with enough space for dozens of people, and it had an elegant and natural ambiance.
There were over a hundred servants in the garden, all transformed exotic creatures with either attractive or unique appearances, all in accordance with the aesthetic preferences of humans and the Insect tribe.
Tang Chongye smiled at the girl with animal ears who had led the way. “Very good. We’re very satisfied.”
Only then did the girl with animal ears leave.
After she left, Lu Ming turned to look at Tang Chongye.
“Subversive? Is this the name of the organization Lord Moon Fiend belongs to?”
Tang Chongye nodded gently. Then, he looked at Lu Ming with a puzzled expression and asked, “You didn’t know? Didn’t Lord Moon Fiend tell you?”
Lu Ming was silent, and Tang Chongye got his answer.
Brushing aside the matter of Moon Fiend, he began to explain, “The Subversive Organization is an organization entirely composed of deities. No one knows who the leader of the organization is, but it’s known that Lord Corpse and Lady Insect, both deities, are high-ranking members of the organization.”
“Originally, the nature of this organization was like a secret society or syndicate hidden in the dark. However, for some reason, some time ago… a few days after the battle we had, this organization went public in a high-profile manner.”
At this point, Tang Chongye paused for a moment. “Although the collapse of the Giant Clan was caused by the Corpse God and our Insect Clan, the battle was carried out under the banner of the Subversives.”
With the blood sacrifice flag of a first-rate clan like the Giant Clan, the subversives became famous after a battle.
“So, in a nutshell, the current situation is nothing more than a confrontation between the two major factions.”
“The subversives and their affiliated groups on one side, and the Aeonians and their affiliated groups on the other..”


CHAPTER-293
Chapter 293: Confidence

Tang Chongye’s words enlightened Lu Ming.
All the talk about the subversives, the Aeonians, the Giant Insects, the Undead, and the Ancient Beasts… all this messy information could be put aside.
He just needed to know one thing.
The subversives and the Aeonians, along with their respective followers, were at odds and ready to fight.
Without delving into the specific logic behind it all, knowing that two major factions were at odds was enough.
And Lu Ming was clearly not an international relations expert.
He had never been particularly interested in such things.
Instead, it was Moon Fiend who pulled Lu Ming into this mess. Otherwise, Lu Ming might have continued to live a peaceful life, without the need to get involved in this mess.
Taking a deep breath as if to vent his frustration and dissatisfaction with Moon Fiend, Lu Ming shook his head and said, “I’m going back to my room.”
With that, he turned and walked away.
Tang Chongye’s eyes flashed as he looked at Lu Ming’s back and narrowed his eyes slightly. It was unknown what he was thinking.
In the next few days, Lu Ming stayed in seclusion, focusing on his cultivation. Tang Chongye also remained in seclusion and secretly observed Lu Ming.
He could not forget the tragic deaths of his comrades.
But Moon Fiend’s presence prevented him from seeking revenge on Lu Ming at the moment.
However, just because he could not take revenge now did not mean that he could not do it in the future.
Tang Chongye thought that he would take this opportunity to observe Lu Ming closely and see what kind of person he was and what weaknesses he might have!
Five days later, Moon Fiend reappeared, but Tang Chongye still had not gleaned any useful information about Lu Ming.
Under Moon Fiend’s summons, the two of them headed to the entrance of the Guest Reception Pavilion.
Lu Ming felt refreshed and rejuvenated after his five days of seclusion, and his restlessness had eased.
Tang Chongye, on the other hand, looked at Lu Ming with a wooden expression.
“Do you only know how to cultivate? Women? Fine wine? Gourmet? Do you not have any interests?”
Lu Ming looked at Tang Chongye strangely.
“What nonsense are you talking about?”
Tang Chongye remained silent.
“Never mind, let’s go, Blackmond will be back soon.”
Moon Fiend spoke, and with the two of them, she left the Guest Reception Pavilion and headed to another palace of the four Ancient Beast Clans.
Inside the palace, Lu Ming once again saw the other three Beast Kings excluding Blackmond.
They still bowed their heads, standing on both sides of the door to show respect for Moon Fiend.
Seeing this, Moon Fiend snorted and did not bother saying much to them. She just walked to the largest seat in the hall and sat down.
The massive chair created a stark contrast with Moon Fiend’s petite frame, but given her divine-level strength, there was an eerie harmony in it.
Lu Ming followed Tang Chongye and stood beside Moon Fiend.
Moon Fiend surveyed the area below and locked her gaze onto Emperor Yao, the Beast King.
“How soon will Blackmond return?”
As she spoke, the coldness in her tone was obvious.
Before Emperor Yao could respond, a voice sounded from outside.
“I’ve made you wait, my lord. I’m back now, aren’t 1?”
A burst of light and shadows appeared at the door.
A tall, muscular man with dark skin, looking ugly and slightly fierce, stepped forward with a barbaric aura.
He was ugly and even vaguely ferocious. A black scale was faintly visible between his eyebrows.
This was Blackmond.
At this moment, Blackmond held his head high, showing no humility or deference, unlike when facing a deity.
In fact, there was a lack of respect even in his tone.
This made Moon Fiend’s expression turn cold. She was about to get angry when she suddenly noticed three other figures materialize behind Blackmond.
They were an Aeonian with two Giant Clan members!
Moon Fiend instantly took a deep breath.
“What do you mean?”
Moon Fiend glared at Blackmond and asked him.
Without waiting for Blackmond to speak, the Aeonian behind him took a step forward and stood in front of Blackmond, directly facing Moon Fiend.
He smiled and said, “A good bird chooses a good tree to roost. Can’t you understand Patriarch Blackmond’s intentions, Lady Moon Fiend?”
In the background, the male Giant Clan member also spoke, but his tone was less friendly.
“It’s said that Moon Fiend sold her body and latched onto the giant whale of that generation. At the last moment, she used a dirty trick to reach the top of the Heaven Ascension Stairs. Isn’t this just a deity who rose to power through deceit? Now that I see you, you’re indeed brainless. As fellow deities at the Divine Spirit Realm, 1 feel even more ashamed…”
This was undoubtedly a direct insult, and the newcomer did not come with good intentions!
Moon Fiend’s eyes reddened on the spot.
Her aura instantly surged, and the space began to shatter, brewing a terrifying storm that was about to erupt!
Without a doubt, with the power of a deity, this furious strike was enough to destroy everything in this city and the nearby area, including all living beings!
However, that Aeonian and the male Giant Clan member were no pushovers either.
In just a moment, a brief burst of light emanated from their bodies, and they confronted Moon Fiend head-on.
In just that fleeting moment, Moon Fiend’s imposing presence was immediately suppressed and retreated back into her body. Her face turned pale, and the fierceness on her face disappeared.
The Aeonian deity smiled and said, “If you want to fight, let’s do it in the heavens.”
As he spoke, he pointed at himself and the male giant beside him.
“You can pick either of us. one-on-one, just a little sparring.”
But Moon Fiend remained silent…
Bully the weak, she could do it.
But against an opponent of the same level, she was not confident.
It was only at this moment that Blackmond grinned and said, “Lord Shufang is right. A good bird chooses a good tree to roost on. Unfortunately, Lady Moon Fiend, the price you subversives offer is far less than what the Aeonians offer.”
Moon Fiend immediately retorted, “Isn’t the blood of the Beast King enough for you?!”
Blackmond waggled his head and said, “Not enough, far from enough… 1 can’t research anything from that blood of the Beast King at all…”
The female Giant behind Blackmond smiled and said, “It’s actually the secret techniques of our Giant Clan that are more compatible with the constitution of the four ancient beast tribes. Compared to the unknown and possibly fake blood of the Beast King, our tribe leader, Blackmond clearly thinks that it’s more valuable to cooperate with us.”
After saying this, this female giant whispered to Moon Fiend, “Let me introduce myself. I’m Haona, the surviving member of the Giant Clan that you subversives had defeated.”
Lu Ming could not help but look at Haona.
This woman was about three meters tall, but her figure was extremely good, with slightly slimmer bones compared to a typical Giant Clan member, but her figure was even more graceful and pleasing to the eye.
Her facial features were very dignified, with no apparent flaws in her appearance.
After a quick glance at Haona, Lu Ming then used the corner of his eye to glance at Tang Chongye.
He realized that Tang Chongye’s expression was also not good…
They had thought this mission would be a breeze, but they had not expected this turn of events.
Moon Fiend was well aware of her own situation.
She continued to scrutinize the Aeonian deity called Shufang and the other Giant deity. After a long time, she half-closed her eyes.
“So, what do you intend to do now?”
“If you kill me, the subversives will not spare you.. Absolutely not!”


CHAPTER-294
Chapter 294: The So-Called Master suffers Humiliation and his Loyal Subject Dies

From the beginning, Lu Ming knew that Moon Fiend was just a figurehead.
She just had the strength of gods—but this strength was relative to the weak.
However, it was not as majestic as a god.
At this moment, when Moon Fiend spoke, it immediately elicited sneers from Shufang and Hao Jun…
“killing you, the Subversives won’t let us off…”
“Please, Sister, you make it sound like we’re good friends now.”
In any case, Yao Yue seemed to only be able to use this method to save the situation of falling to the bottom.
Fortunately…
Shufang did not seem to have any intention of killing Moon Fiend.
He stopped smiling and said slowly, “Go back and tell the higher-ups of your subversives that with my Hundred Schools of Philosophy guarding it, you won’t be able to cross the Hundred Thousand Mountains.”
“Now, get lost!”
“Don’t let me see you again in the Hundred Thousand Mountains, got it?1
Moon Fiend did not say a word and just slowly stood up from her chair.
There was no expression on her face, and she dared not utter a harsh word. She just quickly rushed to the entrance of the grand hall with Lu Ming and Tang Chongye.
It looked like they were fleeing in a sorry state.
As they passed by Hao Jun, he bared his teeth and grinned at Moon Fiend, “Trash.”
“Also, everyone says that you, Moon Fiend, are the best at sleeping with men, is that true?”
Moon Fiend’s lips trembled, she clenched her fists, hesitated for a second, did not say a word and just walked away.
Haona looked at Hao Jun and Shufang.
“Aren’t you going to kill her?”
Shufang shook his head. “There’s no point in killing her.”
The total number of Divine Spirit Realm experts on both sides had long exceeded a hundred. Under such a situation, Moon Fiend was not an indispensable force.
Killing her would only exacerbate the tensions between the two sides.
It was not that Shufang was afraid of further escalating the conflict. What he feared was that they were not prepared yet. Once Moon Fiend died, an immediate battle between the two sides might not be in the best interest of the Eternal Clan.
Hao Jun’s logic was even simpler and he said, “It doesn’t matter when you kill the weakest god that you can crush at any time.”
Haona did not say anything more when she heard this. She just looked at the Blackmond Beast King beside her.
“In the future, Mr. Shufang and Lord Hao Jun will guard the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains. Blackmond, rest assured, since you’ve chosen to switch sides, we won’t abandon you.”
Blackmond grinned again and said, “That’s good. But what about those secret techniques you promised previously…”
Haona smiled and said, “1 brought them all.”
As soon as they left the hall, Moon Fiend instantly soared into the sky.
Lu Ming suddenly felt a tremendous force dragging him and Tang Chongye along, and in the next second, the three of them shot out instantly.
The scenery along the way flashed past in the blink of an eye. Even Lu Ming’s dynamic vision could not capture anything.
In just three seconds, Lu Ming felt a strong sense of nausea. Before he could speak, Moon Fiend’s figure suddenly stopped.
The three of them had already arrived at the periphery of the Hundred Thousand Mountains…
Silence.
Stagnation.
The atmosphere seemed to have frozen.
Moon Fiend floated above the two of them, her back to them, making it impossible for them to see her expression.
Lu Ming and Tang Chongye just stood there. Neither of them dared to say a word. They could only vaguely sense the chilling murderous intent emanating from Moon Fiend’s body.
Her target was both of them!
She wants to lull us?
Why?
After a brief moment of thought, Lu Ming had an answer.
Because we saw her make a fool of herself…
It was like a pervert who had been bullied outside, taking it out on innocent small animals in a dark and deserted place.
The atmosphere grew even colder.
Until Moon Fiend suddenly turned around and looked at the two of them.
This time, the murderous intent in her eyes was no longer concealed!
It instantly swept across Lu Ming and Tang Chongye. Then, Moon Fiend’s gaze locked onto…
Tang Chongye!
This made Tang Chongye’s breathing stagnate and his expression stiffen. Then, he immediately spoke.
“Lord Moon Fiend, you can’t kill me!”
“My father is a big shot in the Insect Clan’s military, and I have means of resurrection and divine soul locking! If my father finds out that I died at your hands…”
He was finished.
Lu Ming immediately realized that Tang Chongye was in trouble.
As expected, before Tang Chongye could finish speaking, Moon Fiend had already sneered.
“Other god-level beings dare to threaten me? Who do you think you are to dare to threaten me?!”
Gods could not be humiliated!
However, to put it bluntly, it was actually still a matter of strength.
Shufang and Hao Jun were stronger than Moon Fiend. Even if Moon Fiend, this deity, was humiliated, she had to grit her teeth and swallow it. But, what about you, Tang Chongye? What is your quasi-divine level father to Moon Fiend?
If Tang Chongye had not said what he did, Moon Fiend might have hesitated. But, after Tang Chongye said those words, there was no room for maneuver.
Tang Chongye’s breathing instantly disappeared.
From the corner of his eye, Lu Ming saw Tang Chongye instantly disappear without a trace, as if he had never existed…
Means of resurrection?
Divine soul locking?
These messy things had no chance of working in front of a god-level being Tang Chongye was truly dead…
Lu Ming sighed slightly in his heart.
Tang Chongye was quite capable.
But just because Moon Fiend was in a bad mood, he died just like that…
Then, what should he do?
“It’s your turn.”
Moon Fiend’s cold voice sounded in Lu Ming’s ears, snapping him back to his senses.
After some thought, he said, “Lord Moon Fiend, 1 have a question for you.”
Moon Fiend said calmly, “Go ahead.”
“Why did you choose to kill Tang Chongye first and then me?”
Moon Fiend said coldly, “You’re my subordinate, he’s not.”
As soon as she finished speaking, Yao Yue’s expression softened slightly, but her killing intent did not fade at all. “However, this is the last kindness 1 can give you.”
“As the saying goes, if the master is humiliated, the subject will die. This can be considered a worthy death for you.”
It was impossible for him to live.
If 1 can’t deal with Shufang, I can’t deal with you?
Lu Ming had a realization….
Did she think that the benefits and treatment he received as her subordinate were so good?
As his thoughts raced, a glimmer of insight suddenly arose within him.
As Lu Ming opened his attribute panel and prepared to take the final gamble when things could not be done, he said, “Lord, if you killed me just to vent your anger, it would be too wasteful.”
“Moreover, 1 think that just killing me and Tang Chongye, these two insignificant beings, is not enough to offset the humiliation you suffered.”
Moon Fiend narrowed her eyes and said, “On account of us being master and subordinate, I’ll give you three more chances to say something.”
Lu Ming immediately continued, “My true identity is a spy buried beside you, by the Aeonians. From the beginning, Blackmond’s invitation was a trap they set for you.”
“You fought Shufang for 300 rounds and escaped with serious injuries, but you failed to protect Tang Chongye.”
“Tang Chongye’s father is a high-ranking member of the Insect Clan’s military and he happens to be stationed in Archean City. Coupled with the fact that you were humiliated by the Four Ancient Beast Clans, these two reasons are enough to justify launching a war against the Four Ancient Beasts Clans.”
After hearing what Lu Ming had said, Yao Yue seemed to be deep in thought and did not attack immediately. Lu Ming continued, “The humiliation you suffered must be paid with blood by the treacherous four ancient beast races!”
“Even Shufang and the Giant Clan’s Queen have to use their lives to repay your lost dignity.”
Lu Ming’s words were powerful.
Moon Fiend pondered for a moment and could not help but nod, “You’re right…”
Lu Ming heaved a sigh of relief in his heart and heard Moon Fiend say, “But what about you? Your suggestions, I could accomplish on my own, so what role do you play in this?”
“Moreover, your identity as a spy only proves that I was wrong in my judgment. It might be better for you to die alongside Tang Chongye at the hands of the Four Ancient Beast Clans. You might even receive a hero’s ending.
As she spoke, Moon Fiend licked her lips. “Rest assured, I’ll make sure you die gloriously, and there won’t be a shortage of posthumous honors.”
In his mind, Lu Ming thought, “What do I care about that?” Then he spoke again, “Because I am a spy, you trust me, which is why 1 entered the trap set by the Four Ancient Beast Clans.”
“It’s also because I obstructed them from within that the Four Ancient Beast
Clans switched allegiances to the Eternal Clan.”
“And this isn’t a matter of misjudgment; it’s about using people without doubt.”
The notion of being a spy was at least a sort of excuse.
It sounded better than causing problems with no excuse at all.
“Furthermore, Lord Moon Fiend, you’re underestimating my abilities.”
With that said, his expression turned serious, “I have connections within the Eternal Clan. 1 can infiltrate the Hundred Schools of Philosophy. Give me some time and I’ll be able to dig up the entire lineage of Shufang’s descendants!”
“The insults he directed at you today will undoubtedly be avenged with the blood of his eighteen generations of descendants!”
As he spoke, Lu Ming made a throat-slitting motion with his hand.
“You take care of destroying Shufang himself, and I’ll take care of eradicating the continuation of his bloodline.”
“What do you think of such a revenge?”


CHAPTER-295
Chapter 295: Dead Enmity

Moon Fiend fell into deep contemplation.
The words “spy” and “bloodline revenge” made her somewhat tempted.
The former would provide an explanation for her actions to the subversives.
At least, it was better than nothing. She could not possibly admit that she could not control Blackmond, and that he completely disregarded her authority.
The latter was a personal grudge.
There was no hope of her personally taking revenge on Shufang. But if she could make his descendants suffer or even perish, it would alleviate Moon Fiend’s sense of humiliation!
To put it bluntly, if she could not handle the old, she would deal with the young.
However, doing this herself was too risky, and how could Moon Fiend possibly have the courage to venture into the Eternal Clan’s territory alone?
Moreover, she did not have many subordinates to begin with. After thinking about it, the only person who seemed suitable for the task was Lu Ming.
Soon, she looked up at Lu Ming and asked, “Can you really infiltrate the Hundred Schools of Philosophy?”
Lu Ming immediately nodded, “Yes, 1 can.”
Though at the moment, Lu Ming had no idea what the Hundred Schools of Philosophy even were….
After thinking for a moment, Moon Fiend asked, “Can you really trace Shufang’s descendants for eighteen generations?”
“He might not even have any descendants.”
The lifespan of a god was endless, and Shufang’s age was unknown. His existing descendants and their relationship with him were unknown as well, and it was even uncertain whether he had any descendants at all.
Lu Ming said calmly, “Even if there are no direct descendants, there are likely still nephews or nieces, or friends whose descendants exist, right?”
“Besides, we have to try everything, we won’t know until we try.”
With that said, Lu Ming added, “If you want to kill me out of frustration, why not take a gamble on me? To you, I’m just a dead man, and my life is unimportant to you.”
“Since my life means nothing to you, why do you have to kill me? Keeping me alive as a gamble is less risky for you. And if it succeeds, even if I can only get rid of one descendant or grand descendant of Shufang, it’s still better than killing me directly, isn’t it?”
Moon Fiend fell into deep thought again.
After a long time, her tone softened slightly, “I’m just afraid that you might spread today’s events all over the place.”
Lu Ming shook his head and said, “My mouth is sealed. Besides, even if you could silence me, what about Shufang’s mouth? Are you able to silence the Four Ancient Beast Clans’ mouths?”
“In the end, my lord, only revenge and bloodshed can wash away the humiliation you suffered today!”
“Moreover, there’s not much meaning in using the blood of your own people to wash away the humiliation…”
“It’s only by using the blood of the enemy to wash away the humiliation that can truly reveal the character of a hero.”
To be honest, this Moon Fiend was definitely not a hero. Instead, she was a coward.
She genuinely wanted to use the blood of her own people to vent her anger. This was not only meaningless, but also a sign of her incompetence.
However, people like her yearned for recognition from the outside world and wanted to do something “heroic,” such as exacting revenge!
Lu Ming’s words struck a chord with Yao Yue, and naturally tempted her.
She nodded. “That’s a good idea. Let’s do it this way…”
Lu Ming heaved a sigh of relief.
He had managed to survive this ordeal with the old demonic woman…
However, Moon Fiend’s next words immediately made Lu Ming curse in his heart.
“But to prevent you from running away or refusing to work for me, I need to place a certain measure on you.”
As she spoke, a dim gray light bloomed from Moon Fiend’s hand.
She looked at Lu Ming and said coldly,
“Now, absorb it.”
“It’s time to prove your loyalty.”
‘Loyalty…’
As he muttered these words in his heart, Lu Ming felt a little disgusted.
This was also the first time he had such a strong killing intent towards a certain someone.
Even more so than Queen Blade!
This killing intent was so ferocious and violent that Lu Ming even wanted to add points on the spot and use all his trump cards to see if he could give this smelly bitch a resounding slap.
But after some consideration, he restrained himself.
He closed his eyes and reflected on everything that had happened during this period of time.
The more he thought about it, the angrier Lu Ming became.
“It’s you who disrupted my peaceful life.”
“You forced me to become your subordinate.”
“You’ve only made me do things without ever offering any benefits.”
“Now, you’re venting your anger on me because you were insulted by an even stronger expert.”
Fine…
Lu Ming had long understood the Black Mist Zone’s character.
Everything was determined by strength, and no matter what level of power Moon Fiend had in the Divine Spirit Realm, Lu Ming was currently not a god and was far weaker than Moon Fiend.
And when you are weak, you get beaten up.
The weak would be humiliated.
This was an unchanging principle.
As his eyes opened and closed, countless thoughts flashed raced through his mind. Just when Moon Fiend’s face revealed impatience, Lu Ming took a step forward, reached out, and touched the gray light.
In the next second, a cold aura instantly seeped into Lu Ming’s body and circulated before quickly disappearing!
“Moonlight Curse Seal, my ultimate skill.”
When she saw Lu Ming had absorbed the gray light, she smiled with satisfaction.
Then,she added,
“The effect allows it to be detonated at any time according to my will. The trace of Divine Source within it is enough to blow you up until your corpse is beyond redemption!”
Any small trick of a god was impossible to resist for existences below the Divine Spirit Realm.
This was common knowledge, and a law!
Therefore, when Moon Fiend saw Lu Ming willingly accept the Moonlight Curse Seal, she felt like everything was under her control.
She even took a step forward and gently patted Lu Ming’s shoulder.
“Do a good job for me and be obedient, and if you do this, I won’t detonate the Moonlight Curse Seal, instead, I’ll give you more benefits…”
In his mind, Lu Ming could not help but roll his eyes.
Benefits?
What the fuck rewards did I get from you?
You b*tch, you’re really thick-skinned…
However, he was not too worried.
This was because, from the moment he came into contact with the Moonlight Curse Seal, Lu Ming had already opened his attribute panel.
The clear text on the attribute panel completely reassured Lu Ming.
Moonlight Curse Seal: A curse of the Divine Spirit Realm. It can be detonated at any time according to the will of the person who cast the curse! The trace of Divine Source contained within it can completely extinguish the life force of the cursed person from its source!
The effect was indeed as Moon Fiend had described…
Speaking of which, this woman’s brain probably could not come up with any decent lies.
The crucial part was the next sentence.
Note: You can use 1 Divine Source Point to completely erase the effect of the Moonlight Curse Seal.
“So, the price is 1 Divine Source Point…”
After some thought, Lu Ming found this acceptable.
Of course, the premise was that Moon Fiend would not pull any tricks again.
As for Moon Fiend, she indeed did not play any more tricks—because she was certain that with the Moonlight Curse Seal in her hand, she had Lu Ming completely under her control.
“Go do your work.”
After saying this coldly, Moon Fiend continued, “Go to the Eternal Clan and the Hundred Schools of Philosophy as soon as possible.”
With that, Moon Fiend turned around and left.
Lu Ming watched her retreating figure, keeping his head down and remaining silent.
Only after Moon Fiend had gone far away did Lu Ming turn around and head back to Frost Lake..


CHAPTER-296
Chapter 296: Arrival

He did not choose to expel the Moonlight Curse Seal immediately.
This was because there was a high chance that Moon Fiend could sense the existence of this thing.
Along the way, with a sullen face, Lu Ming returned to the house at the Frost Lake. As soon as he walked into the house, Lu Ming restrained the coldness and killing intent on his face and returned to his usual stoic expression.
“Brother Lu, you’re back?”
Roxin greeted him with a smile, but she did not notice anything unusual on Lu Ming’s face.
Lu Ming nodded and asked, “Did anything happen during this period of time?”
Roxin replied, “No, Brother Lu, what about you?”
“I had some issues to deal with.”
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming added, “In short, I need to go to the Eternal Clan as soon as possible. It’s not safe to stay here for now…”
“Get the rest of the people here, I need to discuss something important with all of you.”
The five of them gathered at the dining table and Lu Ming began to tell them.
He naturally would not mention the entanglement between him and Moon Fiend. He mainly focused on the situation in the core region of the Hundred Thousand Mountains and told them that this place was probably about to become the main battlefield of the two factions.
“It might not be long before the alliance army of the Undead Clan and the Insect Clan attacks the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains. Once they start fighting, the scale will not be small. There might even be Divine Spirit Realm experts attacking.”
Once Divine Spirit Realm experts got involved, the range of impact would be too large.
Although Frost Lake was quiet, the area would no longer be safe.
“Moreover, 1 have some private matters that I need to rush to the Eternal Clan as soon as possible.”
At this point, Lu Ming looked at Roda and asked, “What do you think?”
When Roda heard this, he did not think too much about it and simply said, “Since Brother Lu has said so, it means that we definitely can’t stay here any longer.”
“I’ll go back to the Eternal Clan with Brother Lu.”
With their decision made, the matter was settled.
Everyone quickly packed their belongings, and about half an hour later, they arrived at the edge of the Frost Lake.
Roda took the lead, diving into the lake.
At the bottom of the Frost Lake, there was a mineral known as the Ice Crystal Stone.
This mineral was essential for various body forging techniques. It had a chilling nature and constantly emitted cold air.
This kept the water temperature under the Frost Lake to be well below freezing —about -10 degrees Celsius, but the lake strangely did not freeze.
Of course, for Lu Ming and the other four of them, the temperature of -10 degrees Celsius did not affect them.
Originally, there were also some exotic beasts in Frost Lake.
However, after the calamity of the zombie beasts erupted, the exotic beasts in the Frost Lake might have sensed danger and fled from the lake, not knowing where they went.
This made the journey of the five of them relatively smooth.
After traveling underwater for several hours, Roda, who was leading the way, abruptly turned his body and came to the front of a deep tunnel. He gestured briefly to signal the others and entered first.
The water tunnel was long and narrow, and the currents surged.
As they made their way through the tunnel, the journey took them several more hours until they reached the end of the water tunnel.
As Roda was the first to resurface, the others followed suit and found themselves in a dark underground space.
They took out light stones to illuminate the path ahead as Roda continued to lead the way. As they walked, he said,
“The rest of the journey will be quite lengthy and complex. We’ll need to enter the water from time to time to find our way. We’ll be traveling underground and through water for about a month before we reach the Qinghe Province of the Eternal Clan.”
Although the journey was long, the process was not particularly dangerous.
This was because this path was hidden and convoluted. If not for a coincidence, it would be nearly impossible to discover the existence of this path.
At Lu Ming’s signal, the five of them pressed on at full speed.
Apart from breaks for rest and sustenance, most of their time was spent on the journey. Lu Ming had already formulated a plan on how to handle the situation with Moon Fiend and wanted to act as quickly as possible.Otherwise, delay would lead to changes.
On the way, Lu Ming also gathered some information about the Hundred Schools of Philosophy from Roda.
The Hundred Schools of Philosophy were well-known within the Eternal Clan.
The so-called Hundred Schools of Philosophy were actually similar to the combination of advanced universities during the Blue Planet era.
The Aeonian territory was vast and had a large population. The education system was also quite developed.
There were countless high and low level academies within the Eternal Clan. Apart from scientific and cultural knowledge, they mainly taught extraordinary knowledge.
As for the Hundred Schools of Philosophy, it was a benefit community formed by the top hundred extraordinary schools of the Eternal Clan.
This place sent a huge number of talents to the Eternal Clan. Ancient Realm experts were also common.
As for these graduate students, they took root in the various departments of the Aeonians. Some of them further grew and became stronger, becoming quasi-deities and even reaching the Divine Spirit Realm. In turn, they would provide more support to the Hundred Schools of Philosophy.
This development model was undoubtedly benign and stable.
This led to the Hundred Schools of Philosophy gradually growing into a behemoth that could not be ignored within the Aeonians.
“Just on the surface, there are three gods guarding the sect.”
“The main sect master, Jiu Han, the deputy sect master, Xiang Yi.”
“Not to mention the external connections of the Hundred Schools of Philosophy… There are already as many as seven gods who graduated from the Hundred Schools of Philosophy but are not listed in the Hundred Schools of Philosophy. There are also many quasi gods.”
Overall, the power of the Hundred Schools of Philosophy was quite shocking.
Although it did not belong to the officials of the Eternal Clan, it was not inferior to powerful departments like the military’s Sky Monitoring Bureau.
This news made Lu Ming heave a sigh of relief.
He asked for more details, and Roda provided them.
The plan in his mind was gradually perfected with the help of the information.
Twenty days later, on the 625th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
When Lu Ming, Roda, and the others crawled out of a particular lake, they had not only arrived at the Qinghe Province of the Eternal Clan, but Lu Ming also had a more detailed plan in mind.
“I’m going directly to the Hundred Schools of Philosophy. What about the rest of you?”
Lu Ming asked the four of them, and Roda looked troubled.
“I’m afraid I won’t be able to accompany you this time… 1 want to return to my hometown and check the situation there.”
All good things must come to an end.
Lu Ming had important matters to attend to, and Roda had his own things to do.
Lu Ming could only smile gently and said, “Then, take care. We’ll part ways here, but we’ll meet again someday.”
On the other hand, Quan Chao immediately stood by Lu Ming’s side.
It was evident that he had chosen to follow Lu Ming wherever he went.
Roxin was a little conflicted, but between Lu Ming and Roda, she still chose her biological brother.
Moreover, it was not a life and death farewell…
“Keep in touch, Brother Lu! Don’t forget to keep me updated!”
“Visit me whenever you’re free!”
“Or maybe, once my brother’s matters are settled, I’ll go to the Hundred Schools of Philosophy to look for you!”
Roxin kept muttering for more than ten minutes, and Lu Ming could only rub her head gently.
“I promise.”
“I’ll definitely come back.”
He whispered softly, but his gaze subtly flickered toward the direction of the Hundred Thousand Mountains..


CHAPTER-297
Chapter 297: Xuanshui City, Three Elements Academy

The autumn wind rustled, lifting fallen leaves into the air.
The brisk autumn breeze pierced to the bones, carrying a touch of chill.
A beast-drawn carriage traveled along the official road.
This carriage was quite ordinary, pulled by a bull beast commonly seen in the Eternal Clan. Although its endurance was outstanding, its legs’ strength was average and its speed was ordinary.
On the carriage, the words “Longhua Transport” were engraved.
Longhua Transport was the largest transportation company in the Eternal Clan, encompassing transportation vehicle rental services.
The bull beast-drawn carriage was a relatively low-end transportation vehicle under Longhua Transport rental business.
The driver, however, had an extraordinary aura.
His skin was rough, and on the surface, there were dark red patterns etched, combined with his towering stature, confirming his identity as a Firestone Clan member.
This person was Quan Chao.
There were not many vehicles on the official road.
Wealthy people either used teleportation arrays to move between cities or employed airships for shuttle service. Those who traveled by carriage on the official road were either poor or had time to spare.
While on the move, three people suddenly blocked the path. The obedient bull beast came to an immediate halt, and Quan Chao, the driver, fixed his gaze on the three individuals.
He surveyed the three people in front of him.
The three of them were all Aeonians, two women and a man. Although they were dressed simply, they exuded a young and beautiful aura.
One of the women took a step forward and said politely to Quan Chao, “Sir, are you also going to Xuanshui City?”
Quan Chao simply sized up the three of them. After confirming that two women were only at the eighth or ninth level of the Mortal Realm and the young man was only at the third level of the Physique Realm, he nodded and said, “Yes.”
The three of them were overjoyed.
The woman quickly said, “Then I wonder if you can give us a ride? We’re also heading to Xuanshui City, but our vehicle broke down on the way…”
As she spoke, she pointed and Quan Chao looked in the direction the woman was pointing. He could see a silver-white source-powered c small sedan parked by the roadside.
Frowning, Quan Chao was about to tell them to contact their insurance company when he heard Lu Ming’s voice from inside the carriage.
“Let them come up. There’s enough space in the carriage.”
Zhang Caixin, Wang Beibei, and Liu Ziqi boarded the bull-drawn carriage.
Upon opening the carriage door, they saw a young man sitting inside the carriage.
The man was tall, burly, and muscular, with a somewhat stiff and formal expression on his face, but overall, he was quite handsome. His robust physique added significantly to his attractiveness, giving a sense of security.
When they saw the man smile warmly at the three of them, Zhang Caixin and the other two also smiled back in gratitude.
Zhang Caixin, the girl who had just spoken to Quan Chao, said, “Thank you, big brother, for lending a helping hand. Otherwise, we don’t know how long it would take to reach Xuanshui City.”
As they spoke, the three of them sat on the bench opposite Lu Ming. Outside, accompanied by the low roar of the ferocious bull beast, the bull-drawn carriage started again and headed towards Xuanshui City.
Perhaps sensing that Lu Ming was not a talkative person, in order to avoid awkwardness, Zhang Caixin took the initiative to say, “This new technology is just unreliable. Originally, our car was driving very well but it went on strike just like that… The bull-drawn carriage is still more reliable.”
Lu Ming just smiled and did not respond.
Zhang Caixin continued, “By the way, Big Brother, are you also participating in this year’s Three Elements Academy entrance examination?”
This time, Lu Ming finally opened his mouth and said, “Yes.”
Zhang Caixin immediately covered her mouth and smiled, “We’re the same. Then perhaps we can become classmates…”
Upon hearing that Lu Ming was also a student who had come to study, the remaining two people no longer felt a little restrained. Wang Beibei chattered, “I guess Big Brother should be very strong. The entrance examination is probably in the bag. It’s just that the few of us are not strong enough. We don’t know if we can pass the entrance examination of the Three Elements Academy.”
Zhang Caixin said, “Liu Ziqi isn’t a big problem, but Bei Bei and I are in trouble.”
Liu Ziqi said humbly, “Don’t belittle yourself. I’ve cultivated since 1 was young and only now attain the strength of the third level of the Physique Realm. Moreover, as the head of the Hundred Factions, the assessment doesn’t just look at your current cultivation level. Comprehension, bone age, temperament, and the time you took to step onto the path of the extraordinary are all within the scope of the assessment.”
As he spoke, Liu Ziqi sighed inexplicably. “Unfortunately, we came from a small city in the countryside. Our natural resources are incomparable to the people in a large city…”
He had just become an adult and already had the strength of the third level of the Physique Realm. This strength was considered one of the top geniuses in the Aeonian countryside city. However, in a larger place, this talent was indeed nothing to be praised.
As the three of them spoke, they started chatting on their own.
Lu Ming only smiled and listened, but his thoughts gradually drifted away.
Xuanshui City, Three Elements Academy.
It was Lu Ming’s target location this time.
There was only one reason for choosing the Three Elements Academy—this academy was the head of the Hundred Schools of Philosophy.
The master of the Three Elements Academy was the master of the Hundred Schools of Philosophy: Jiu Han!
It was already late autumn and the entrance examination was about to begin.
According to Lu Ming’s calendar, today was the 637th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
More than ten days ago, Lu Ming had just arrived at the Eternal Clan’s Qinghe Province. He took the teleportation formation and rushed to the hinterland of the Aeonian Clan. Then, he rented a bull-drawn carriage and headed to Xuanshui City. He rushed along the way and happened to be stuck at the time when the entrance examination of the Three Elements Academy was about to begin.
“By the way,” Lu Ming suddenly said, interrupting the idle chat of Zhang Caixin and the other two. “Do you know what’s going on in Qinghe Province recently?” The three of them were stunned at first. Then, Liu Ziqi hurriedly said, “Big Brother, you’re talking about the battle in the Hundred Thousand Mountains, right?”
Lu Ming hurriedly nodded, “Yes, yes, yes. It’s about that place. When 1 set off from home, I heard that there seemed to be something going on there. I didn’t pay much attention to this matter after that.”
Wang Beibei asked curiously, “Big Brother, where’s your communicator?”
Lu Ming did not know anything about communicators. He said confidently, “It’s broken.”
The three of them did not dwell on this issue. Zhang Caixin said, “A week ago, there seemed to be a war over there. The news said that the Corpse Clan and the Insect Clan were ambitious and wanted to launch an invasion on our Eternal Clan, and then they started fighting in the depths of the Hundred Thousand Mountains.”
“As for the specific situation of the battle, 1 saw on the news that we have the upper hand. The situation isn’t just a little good or somewhat good, but rather it’s very good. So, there shouldn’t be any problems.”
When Zhang Caixin mentioned “no problems,” the faces of the three of them remained calm, without any change.
This conversation also made Lu Ming realize three things.
One: That woman, Moon Fiend, had indeed taken action. Although he did not know how she did it, she did manage to incite a war.
Two: The Eternal Clan was very tolerant. This was because Zhang Caixin had used the words “our Eternal Clan” in her words. This meant that even if she could tell that Lu Ming was not an Eternal Clan member, she still regarded him as one of the Eternal Clan.
Speaking of inclusiveness, it was indeed a characteristic of the Eternal Clan.
Three: The Eternal Clan was very confident in the strength of their own group.
They were so confident to the point that the young people of their generation didn’t fear war, and they didn’t even feel like it was a war.
When they heard that the Aeonians and the Insect Clan and the Corpse Clan were fighting, their reaction was probably just to treat it as a news headline…
This was because they were certain that the Eternal Clan had no opponents in the Black Mist Zone.
It was hard to tell if this attitude was good or bad, and Lu Ming would not concern himself with such matters. He continued to chat with the three of them and asked about the situation in Xuanshui City and the Three Elements Academy.
This conversation lasted for nearly three hours.
Just as the sky was about to turn dark, they arrived at Xuanshui City..


CHAPTER-298
Chapter 298: Entrance Examination

Most of the cities within the Eternal Clan’s territory did not have city walls.
Xuanshui City was no exception.
When the bull-drawn cart descended from the official road and entered the city’s internal road, it was considered to have entered Xuanshui City.
Initially, the roads were lined with short buildings and scattered farmland.
But, as they went deeper and deeper into Xuanshui City, the buildings along the road became more numerous, taller, and more elegant.
More branching roads extended from the main road, like the city’s arteries, spreading in all directions.
Quan Chao timely stopped the carriage.
He knocked on the carriage door and heard Lu Ming’s voice coming from inside.
“Let’s head straight to the vicinity of the Three Elements Academy.”
With that said, Lu Ming looked at Zhang Caixin and the other two and said, “If 1 remember correctly, the start of the school entrance examination is in three days, right?”
Zhang Caixin nodded, “That’s right, in three days. We have three days to explore Xuanshui City. I’ve never been here before.”
Wang Beibei chimed in, “Me neither. I want to have some fun this time.”
Xuanshui City was the capital of the Heavenly Wheel Province, one of the eight provinces in the Eternal Clan’s mainland.
It was considered a first-tier city in the Eternal Clan.
Naturally, young people were attracted to bustling cities, so they arrived a few days early to explore Xuanshui City.
Lu Ming asked, “Have you all booked a hotel?”
Zhang Caixin and the other two nodded in unison, “Yes, we’ve booked one near the academy. Brother Lu, haven’t you booked a hotel?”
The few of them had already exchanged names during their previous casual conversation.
When Lu Ming heard this, he shook his head and said, “No, but I think there should be many places like hotels near the Three Elements Academy.”
There were evidently many hotels and inns near the Three Elements Academy.
Moreover, they were catering to different price ranges.
After arriving near the Three Elements Academy, Lu Ming parted ways with Zhang Caixin and the other two. He and Quan Chao continued to rush towards the location of the academy and soon arrived at the entrance of the academy.
“It’s quite impressive.”
Lu Ming murmured as he stood in front of the academy gate.
The entire Three Elements Academy was vast, seemingly endless.
It was located in the city center but occupied an area roughly the size of a city district.
According to Zhang Caixin and the others, the Three Elements Academy was a signature institution in Xuanshui City, and the city provided substantial support and land concessions to it.
Inside the academy, there were artificial forests, lakes, and over a hundred building areas.
The academy had spawned various supporting industries near it, and had attracted many people to take root near the academy.
Therefore, it was not that the Three Elements Academy was located in the city center.
Instead, it was because the Three Elements Academy was here that this place had become the city center!
Since it was the city center, it had to be guarded by powerful figures!
Looking into the distance at the tallest building, Lu Ming could not help but slowly squinted his eyes.
He could sense a grand and huge aura emitted from there…
This aura far surpassed even Ancient Realm or Quasi-Divine Realm, and even Moon Fiend, and it confirmed the identity of the person in that building.
The head of the Three Elements Academy: Jiu Han!
It was said that Jiu Han had a lazy personality. Although he was the sect master of the Hundred Schools of Philosophy, he rarely left the Three Elements Academy and spent most of his time secluded.
The person in charge of the internal affairs of the Hundred Schools of Philosophy was the deputy head, Xiang Yi. The person handling the external affairs was the deputy head, Shu Fang.
Jiu Han, despite his high status, only managed the Three Elements Academy, this small corner of the world.
However, this further indicated Jiu Han’s immense strength, likely surpassing both Xiang Yi and Shu Fang, not to mention Moon Fiend.
Thinking of this, Lu Ming subconsciously nodded.
Because that was what he wanted!
“Let’s go find a hotel first.”
They booked a suite at a place called Tengda Hotel and Lu Ming and Quan Chao settled in.
After packing up briefly and having a simple meal of local cuisine, night fell.
Just as Lu Ming was about to sleep, he suddenly felt a surge of heat in his chest.
He sat up on the bed and touched his chest, pulling out a token from there.
It was the token Moon Fiend had given him back then.
He infused it with source power to establish communication, and Moon Fiend’s cold voice came from the token.
“Why did you go to the Heavenly Wheel Province? Have you done what 1 instructed you to do?!”
The high and mighty tone in her voice made Lu Ming slowly narrow his eyes.
It was not surprising that Moon Fiend could sense Lu Ming’s current location.
Perhaps it was because of the communication token or the Moonlight Curse Seal in his body, or perhaps it was both.
However, Lu Ming also had a plan for such situations.
He casually replied, “1 found out that a well-favored descendant of Shu Fang is currently studying at the Three Elements Academy, so 1 came to Heavenly Wheel Province for him.”
It was a fabricated story.
But there should not be any issues.
Moon Fiend probably could not find any flaws in it.
After all, a young relative highly favored by a deity studying at the Eternal Clan’s largest academy would not have any inconsistencies.
Moreover, how could Moon Fiend know which of Shu Fang’s young relatives was favored? If she knew, why wouldn’t she just assign Lu Ming to assassinate the target directly?
As expected, Moon Fiend’s tone quickly softened.
“I see… Well, there’s no problem then.”
“Do your job as soon as possible and do your job well. If you do this well, I’ll definitely reward you heavily!”
Lu Ming replied calmly, “Understood.”
The communication was terminated.
Lu Ming held the token and sat in silence for a long time.
Soon, Lu Ming let out a deep breath.
It might have looked easy on the surface, but upon closer inspection, one could see that Lu Ming’s left fist had clenched tightly, with his knuckles even turning slightly white.
Some grudges tend to fade with the passage of time.
However, some grudges would only gradually deepen as time passed.
Moreover, Lu Ming was not known for his forgiving nature!
An eye for an eye, a score to settle!
Moreover…
The sooner the better!
With these thoughts in mind, the corners of Lu Ming’s mouth suddenly curled into a sinister smile.
“Soon.”
Three days later.
The 640th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
For Xuanshui City, this day was of great significance.
This was because today was the annual enrollment day at the Three Elements Academy!
Given the status of the Three Elements Academy in Xuanshui City, it was not an exaggeration to say that today was the New Year festival of Xuanshui City.
Early in the morning, Lu Ming and Quan Chao arrived at the entrance of the Three Elements Academy.
They were greeted by a sea of people and heavy traffic.
Parents accompanied young students who had come to take the entrance exam, hoping for a chance to rise to greatness.
There were also old wanderers standing in quiet spots, gazing at the entrance of the Three Elements Academy with enthusiasm.
The Three Elements Academy did not just admit current students, nor did it limit enrollment to Eternal Clan members.
Most of the Hundred Schools of Philosophy operated similarly, accepting students of all ages and backgrounds, provided they had potential and a suitable temperament.
Around nine o’clock in the morning, accompanied by the resounding toll of a deep bell, Ancient Realm experts ascended into the sky and proclaimed in a loud voice,
“The time has come; the examination begins!”
In response, there were also students from the Three Elements Academy echoing everywhere.
“Candidates, please enter by category and in an orderly manner..”


CHAPTER-299
Chapter 299: Entrance Examination (2)

The crowd began to enter the academy gate, and under the guidance of Three Elements Academy students, they were directed into orderly lines.
As the largest higher education institution within the Eternal Clan, the Three Elements Academy not only offered transcendent courses but also a wide range of miscellaneous subjects.
Humanities, arts, sciences, and more.
The Eternal Clan, being the foremost clan of the current era, had the confidence to allow its young members to choose what they loved and pursue their interests.
With different subjects came different entrance examinations.
Not just that.
The evaluations varied between current students and adult learners.
A large number of young people were led to a building. Lu Ming, Quan Chao and the other adults headed to another building.
Mixed in the crowd, Lu Ming discovered that even after the crowd diversion, there were still many people around him—thousands of people.
Moreover, most of them had cultivation levels, and could be considered as disciples to established masters.
After about half an hour of progress, they arrived at a grand hall. Ancient Realm auras radiated from the front, silencing the noisy chattering among the crowd.
“To the left is the examination area for subjects like technology and culture that are not transcendent studies.”
“Directly ahead is the examination area for transcendent studies.”
“Now, please form your teams.”
As soon as the voice of the unknown Ancient Realm sounded, the crowd spontaneously moved.
A small number of people went to the left, following the staff.
However, over 90% of the candidates remained in place.
After waiting for a few more minutes, the Ancient Realm spoke again, “Alright, get in line and enter the main hall in order.”
Lu Ming could clearly sense that the people around him collectively held their breath, their expressions serious.
Stepping into the main hall meant that the examination had officially begun!
Three Elements Academy, in the new student examination area.
This place was filled with youthful energy, making Jiu Han feel significantly younger.
Standing in a quiet corner, he looked at the vast examination area.
When he saw some underaged or recently matured children displaying talents that could be considered extraordinary, Jiu Han could not help but smile from the bottom of his heart.
Jiu Han, the Divine Spirit Realm expert, appeared like a friendly elderly man. He had a slightly plump figure and wore light blue attire commonly worn by palace staff. Half of his silver-white hair was gone, and although his appearance showed some age, his features were soft, giving him a kind appearance, like a friendly grandfather next door.
As he looked around, this elderly man continued to mutter to himself.
“This is not bad.”
“Oh, this one too.”
“It seems like we have some promising talents here…”
At the side, a senior examiner who recognized the old man had already approached, accompanying Jiu Han while they surveyed the young examinees. After hearing Jiu Han’s comments, the senior examiner could not help but smile.
“Master, you come every year and say this every year, but I’ve yet to see anyone truly catch your eye.”
Jiu Han shook his head and said, “Well, they’re not bad, but I didn’t say that they’re very, very good, so good that it would make me truly satisfied. After all, I’m at the Divine Spirit Realm, and I’m very discerning with my eyes.”
The senior examiner smiled and remained silent.
When Jiu Han had seen enough, he shook his head and left the freshmen examination hall, and headed to the next location.
It was the adult examination hall.
Only a small number of people in the Hundred Schools of Philosophy knew one thing.
The Sect Master Jiu Han had a peculiar hobby.
He loved teaching and nurturing students.
According to Jiu Han’s own words, he had already reached the Divine Spirit Realm and it was impossible for his strength to take another step forward. However, as a Divine Spirit Realm cultivator, his lifespan was practically endless, and he had not grown tired of living and would not court death himself.
In that case, he could only find other ways to pass the endless years.
And what he had chosen to do was to develop and expand the Three Elements Academy. The scope of this hobby later expanded to include the Hundred Schools of Philosophy.
That’s right, the entire Three Elements Academy and even the Hundred Schools of Philosophy had grown from virtually nothing under Jiu Han’s guidance. He had nurtured them, step by step, into the massive entities they were today!
At its core, Jiu Han’s motivation was to witness young people grow and become stronger, stepping onto the pinnacle of their paths.
It gave him a sense of being reborn.
In his earlier years, Jiu Han particularly enjoyed taking in disciples personally.
During his lifetime, he had cultivated three personal disciples who reached the Divine Spirit Realm, including Shu Fang and Xiang Yi.
The number of direct disciples who reached the quasi-divine level was countless!
However, in recent years, Jiu Han rarely took in disciples personally —the reason was unknown.
Nonetheless, some of his habits had continued until now.
For example, he regularly held lectures in the Three Elements Academy, answering questions on knowledge and taboos on the path to transcendence.
Furthermore, each year on this day, Jiu Han would visit the examination site to see what kind of talent had appeared that year and to observe their temperaments.
His main focus was the current batch of students because they were young, malleable, and had relatively more potential.
But if there was time, Jiu Han would also visit the adult examination area.
Jiu Han walked into the examination area through a side entrance and declined the escort of the head examiner. He stood alone in a corner, observing the candidates entering the main hall.
The examination process for transcendent studies for adult candidates was quite straightforward.
It evaluated their current strength, bone age, talent, and temperament.
There were a total of four criteria.
Among these criteria, strength, bone age and talent played a more significant role because they determined how far a transcendent cultivator could progress on the path of transcendence.
The examination process was straightforward, using equipment checks and the visual observations of Ancient Realm examiners.
While the importance of temperament was relatively low, it was still significant and presented a more complex assessment, which is why it was evaluated last.
It was unknown how many candidates the adult group had already been screened.
Regardless, the ten individuals who entered the examination area in the same batch had somewhat solemn expressions.
One of the candidates stood before a column-like structure, seemingly made of crystal, and extended a hand towards it, causing lights and shadows to circulate.
The candidates could not discern the meaning behind the lights and shadows, but the examiner understood it clearly.
The examiner directly said, “Level Three Spirit Realm, Bone Age 2.4, Medium potential.”
With that said, the examiner shook his head and told the candidate, “Not qualified.”
Level and strength were very easy to understand. The 2.4 bone age referred to this person’s age being 2.4 times that of the adult age line of his race. Generally, a race’s maximum lifespan is about five times the adult age line.
In other words, despite this person’s youthful appearance, he was actually already a middle-aged uncle.
As for “moderate potential,” it referred to the individual’s proficiency in source power techniques. The source power technique level and bone age could be used to gauge how insightful the person was regarding source force techniques and whether in the future, he had the potential to advance to the Ancient Realm through Silver Patterns.
Moderate potential did not mean that advancement to the Ancient Realm was impossible, but it indicated a lower likelihood.
For a candidate with such potential, if he was a current student he might still have a degree of malleability. However, for an adult candidate of this age, his potential held little significance.
In summary, the criteria for passing the adult examination were much higher than those for current students.
However, this was only natural.
This handsome middle-aged candidate left the examination area in disappointment, making way for the next candidate..


CHAPTER-300
Chapter 300: Entrance Examination (3)

“Physique Realm, Level Four, Bone age 1.5, Low potential…”
“Not qualified.”
As the largest academy of the Aeonians, coupled with the relatively high assessment standards for adult candidates, there were very few adult candidates who could enter the Three Elements Academy on the annual entrance examination day.
This was also one of the reasons why Jiu Han did not like to watch the adult candidate assessments.
After all, with the strength of the Eternal Clan, any promising talent would have long been discovered and carefully nurtured. Why would they participate in the adult examination?
This was despite the fact that this was the adult examination of the largest academy of the Eternal Clan.
Just as Jiu Han shook his head and was about to leave, a new batch of candidates walked in.
This made Jiu Han immediately stop in his tracks and look at the new batch of ten people.
He did not use the perception of a Divine Spirit Realm expert. After all, to Jiu Han, this kind of occasion was like scratching a lottery ticket. Activating his X-ray vision would take away much of the fun.
However, a vague premonition told Jiu Han that among these ten people, there might be someone who would bring him a pleasant surprise.
Barely mustering some interest, Jiuhan looked at the ten people in front.
“Physique Realm Level three, Bone age 1.2, Good Potential, Qualified.”
Among the ten people in this batch, the first candidate passed the initial round of the test.
Of course, although the talent of this number one person had reached the entrance standard of the Three Elements Academy, he had not reached Jiu Han’s standard.
He just swept his gaze across the remaining nine students in front of him, not using any powers but assessing their potential solely through visual inspection and physiognomy.
“Oh, this one is not bad. Although he looks a bit older, he seems quite strong, I wonder what level he is.”
“Oh? This one is not bad either! He has a strong and straight physique, exudes confidence, and is full of vigor. Looks like he’s young and spirited.”
“Eh? This person standing beside the Flamestone Clan member doesn’t seem bad either.”
“He’s big and has well-defined muscles, he must have put in a lot of effort in the Body Forging technique. He has a stable temperament and doesn’t show his emotions. His temperament is probably not bad. Although he looks a bit older, he shouldn’t be too old… Hmm, not bad, not bad.”
As Jiu Han assessed, he muttered in his heart.
The assessment proceeded in an orderly manner.
Unlike Jiu Han, the candidates in the same group naturally assessed each other, and some even used subtle means to gauge their competitors’ strength.
Therefore, the candidates had a good understanding of each other’s abilities.
The weaker ones, or those who considered themselves weaker, would step forward first – this seemed to be an unwritten consensus to put their big brother last.
The first six candidates quickly completed the test.
Only two of them passed.
As the sixth candidate finished the test, Quan Chao raised his leg and walked towards the crystal pillar.
Soon, the crystal pillar radiated light.
The examiner spat out a sentence calmly.
“Third level of the Spirit Realm, Bone age 2.2, Average potential.”
With that said, the examiner paused for a moment and added, “Qualified…”
There was no problem with Quan Chao’s strength and bone age, but his average potential made it a bit difficult to decide.
It made sense to say that he was not qualified, but saying he was qualified seemed to work as well.
Considering that the passing rate for this adult examination was not particularly high, the examiner might as well be magnanimous and let Quan Chao pass.
Quan Chao was also smart. He smiled at the examiner and thanked him before quickly returning to Lu Ming’s side.
“Next.”
The examiner spoke and looked at the remaining three candidates. Among the three of them, just as Lu Ming was hesitating and wanted to step forward, an examinee with white hair and an aged face took the lead and walked towards the assessment area.
“I’ll go first.”
As his voice floated out, this person placed his hand on the crystal pillar. Accompanied by vast light radiating from the crystal pillar, the examiner’s pupils immediately constricted.
“Ancient Realm?”
The old man nodded, “Yes.”
“The crystal pillar can’t measure the bone age of the Ancient Realm, so it needs to be tested manually. Do you have any objections?”
The examiner asked politely and the old man nodded again, “No objections.”
Under everyone’s gaze, an Ancient Realm examiner was about to step forward when Jiu Han was one step ahead and entered the assessment area.
The examiner was taken aback but was about to speak when Jiu Han waved his hand with a smile, saying. “Let me do it.”
After that, Jiu Han smiled and nodded at the old man.
“Can I take a look at your mystical patterns first?”
The old man nodded and unbuttoned his clothes, revealing the two mystical patterns on his shoulders.
“Level One of the Ancient Realm, Double silver patterns.”
“In that case…”
As he muttered, Jiu Han reached out and touched the old man’s wrist.
Trees have growth rings.
Similarly, the bones of living beings also have growth rings.
Some experienced ordinary people could roughly determine a person’s age by feeling their bones. As for a Divine Spirit Realm expert, he will never make an error of more than a year in determining a person’s age.
After squeezing it twice, Jiu Han retracted his hand.
He said to the old man, “First level of the Ancient Realm, Lifespan 4,218 years, Average potential.”
The maximum lifespan of the Ancient Realm was approximately 5,000 to 6,000 years, and this was regardless of race.
Beyond 5,000 years old, Ancient Realm experts and even quasi-divine beings were equivalent to reaching the end of their lives.
The old man had a Bone age of 4,218 years old. If he had some hidden injuries when he was young, it would already be equivalent to advancing to old age. His potential could only be said to be average for advancing to the Ancient Realm through silver patterns at this age.
This was an Ancient Realm expert that was purely achieved through time and some luck.
However, Ancient Realm experts were considered formidable everywhere… Since this old man had come to participate in the Three Elements Academy examination, there was no reason for the academy to reject him.
Jiu Han smiled gently, “May 1 ask why you want to join our Three Elements Academy?”
Jiu Han used the term “join” rather than “enroll” because it was clear that this person was definitely not here to study.
Then the old man said respectfully, “My name is Bai Yao. I’ve been roaming outside for the better part of my life. A few years ago, 1 met a beautiful woman, and we happily tied the knot and had a son. 1 no longer wished to live a life filled with danger and conflict.”
“I took the liberty to come to the Three Elements Academy this time to seek a stable job within the academy. 1 don’t aspire to progress any further; 1 only wish to make a peaceful living and provide the best education for my son.”
Jiu Han could not help but sigh,”As a father, you’re truly great.”
Bai Yao also smiled and said, “It’s not a matter of being great or not. It’s just that this old man here knows the hardships and difficulties of those without connections. In the past, 1 had to risk my life to find source power techniques at the level of Source Realm or Ancient Realm… My son has good aptitude, and if 1 can join the academy, it’ll be a way to pave the road for him and let him avoid some detours.”
Certainly, Source Power techniques would not be in short supply within the academy.
Although there was a certain threshold to obtain it, it was clearly much easier than searching outside.
Having access to renowned instructors and the academy’s connections was an invaluable hidden resource.
Jiu Han nodded slightly when he heard this. “Then there’s no need for us to do any temperament test. Wait a moment first. When the assessment here is over, someone will arrange a job for you. What do you think?”
Bai Yao nodded, “Very good..”


CHAPTER-301
Chapter 301: Entrance Examination (4)

Bai Yao stood to the side while Jiu Han looked at the remaining two candidates.
Both of them were candidates he had been keeping an eye on.
The two young individuals remained calm and composed. After observing them, Jiu Han smiled and said, “Who’s next?”
Lu Ming wanted to step forward, but he suddenly heard an arrogant voice coming from beside him.
’Til go…”
Beside him, a tall and young-looking individual stepped forward and stood in front of Jiu Han.
He spoke directly, “I’m also in the Ancient Realm… but I’m a bit different from the Ancient Realm expert before.”
“I’m not here for an errand. I’m genuinely here to study.”
As he spoke, this person opened his clothes
to reveal three faintly glowing golden patterns on his chest!
This elicited continuous exclamations from the onlookers, even Jiu Han squinted his eyes..
For ordinary Transcendents, golden patterns were rarer than silver ones.
This was because silver patterns could be gradually cultivated over time, but the golden patterns seemed to involve an element of luck.
Jiu Han extended his hand and touched the man’s wrist. As he pinched his bones, Jiu Han asked, “What’s your name?”
“Lin Feng, as in the ‘forest’ in Lin and the ‘peak’ in Feng,” the man replied.
Lin Feng replied, with a hint of pride in his tone.
A moment later, Jiu Han retracted his hand and looked at Lin Feng much more solemnly.
“Lin Feng.”
“First level of the Ancient Realm, three golden patterns.”
Age: 38 years old
“Average aptitude…”
Lin Feng was not an Aeonian. According to his bone age, his bone age was around 1.3.
However, when Transcendents reached the Ancient Realm, their bone age did not matter anymore.
For someone in the Ancient Realm, 38 years old was exceptionally young!
Lin Feng’s aptitude was considered average.
This meant that his innate talent in Source Power Skills was not particularly good…
“Fortune…” Jiu Han muttered this word. He had some speculation about this freak in front of him named Lin Feng.
Fortune, or could also be called luck.
He had to admit that there were a few lucky people in this world.
It was as if they had been blessed by the supreme god, making their lives significantly smoother than others.
Hearing Jiu Han’s muttering, Lin Feng nodded slightly. “Yes, it’s luck.”
“I’ve had people tell me my fortune. I’m a person with great luck. They all call me the Lucky Child… I don’t really understand what it means, but I know I’ve always had good luck.”
As he spoke, Lin Feng pointed at the three golden patterns on his chest.
“I have three golden patterns. I obtained one when I was seven, after I accidentally entered the deep mountains and swallowed a precious pill.” “Another one 1 gained at the age of 18 when I fell off a cliff and found a precious jade.”
“The last one was obtained when I awakened at the age of 31 after being struck by divine lightning.”
After saying this, Lin Feng paused and continued.
“And I’ve come to the Three Elements Academy this time to genuinely study.” “I’ve heard that Lord Jiu Han likes to nurture newcomers with potential. With my abilities and luck, I believe 1 should be able to catch Lord Jiu Han’s attention. I wonder if this old man can help recommend me?”
When Jiu Han heard this, he raised an eyebrow and asked strangely, “Do you want to become a disciple of Lord Jiu Han?”
Lin Feng immediately nodded and said, “Yes.”
“Are you aware that Lord Jiu Han hasn’t taken on any disciples in a long time?” Jiu Han inquired.”
Lin Feng nodded again, saying, “I’m well aware, but 1 believe that if I’m outstanding enough, maybe, just maybe, I can pique Lord Jiu Han’s interest…” Jiu Han chuckled and shook his head.
Lin Feng did not know that the old man in front of him was Jiu Han, but Jiu Han knew very well why he was reluctant to take in another disciple.
Of course, this reason did not need to be told to others. Although luck seedlings were rare, with Jiu Han’s age and experience, he had indeed seen lucky seedlings before.
It had to be admitted that at this moment, Jiu Han was slightly tempted…
Lucky Child, he was definitely one of the few good talents in the world.
However, out of concern, Jiu Han did not have such a strong desire to take in a disciple.
After thinking for a moment, Jiu Han sighed and made a decision.
“I’ll discuss this with Lord Jiu Han. However, since you’re here to seek knowledge, you still have to pass the test of temperament.”
“Please wait at the side for a while.”
As soon as he finished speaking, he watched Lin Feng walk down the examination area. However, Jiu Han already had a plan in his heart.
“Let’s forget it…”
He had no intention of taking Lin Feng as his disciple.
He then turned his gaze to the last person, who was none other than Lu Ming.
Jiu Han beckoned to Lu Ming with a cheerful smile.
“Come over here.”
After seeing the lucky seedling, Jiu Han was already very satisfied with this round of examination.
However, everything must have a beginning and an end. This last examinee did not look ordinary either. Jiu Han might as well finish everything together.
Lu Ming obediently walked into the examination area and stood in front of Jiu Han before looking at the crystal pillar.
He spoke directly.
“I’m also in the Ancient Realm.”
With that said, he pulled open his clothes, revealing the three silver patterns on his chest.
This was not beyond everyone’s expectations.
Bai Yao and Lin Feng sensed the aura on Lu Ming’s body and could confirm that Lu Ming was at the Ancient Realm.
The Ancient Realm examiner could also determine Lu Ming’s approximate strength level in this way.
The other weaklings could also roughly deduce Lu Ming’s strength from the attitude of the Ancient Realm experts.
There was no need to mention Jiu Han.
Even without using the methods of the Divine Spirit Realm, Jiu Han could roughly determine with the naked eye, who was strong and who was weak.
“First level of the Ancient Realm, three silver patterns.”
“What’s your name?”
“My name is Lu Ming.”
“So you’ve come to the Three Elements Academy for what purpose?”
“To study, and preferably to become a disciple of Lord Jiu Han,” Lu Ming replied candidly, choosing to tell the truth.
This made Jiu Han speechless once again.
Studying was fake, but becoming a disciple was the real motive.
But then again, who among these young geniuses did not want to obtain guidance from the Divine Spirit Realm?
He asked, “Did you hear my conversation with Lin Feng just now?”
Lu Ming nodded honestly and said, “I heard it.”
“Then you should also know that Lord Jiu Han no longer takes on disciples.”
As soon as Jiu Han said this, Lu Ming continued, “I believe my talent is more than deserving of Lord Jiu Han’s personal guidance.”
Lu Ming’s words were quite arrogant, but Jiu Han did not mind.
He had always advocated that people had to have personalities. Strong individuals needed to stand out, and people who followed the rules couldn’t make a significant impact.
Instead, Lu Ming’s words made Jiu Han want to continue the conversation.
He smiled and asked, “You’re very confident… So, I assume you’re quite young?”
“I’m fairly young,” Lu Ming said. After a brief pause, he added, “I’m 27 years old this year.”
Jiu Han was immediately stunned.
If one did not pinch their bones or use special techniques, it was very difficult to tell the age of a Transcendent from their size and appearance.
Not to mention that many people had techniques of altering their appearance.
Looking at Lu Ming’s appearance and figure, it was obvious that Lu Ming was probably not old. However, Jiu Han did not expect Lu Ming to blurt out the number 27!
The old man frowned, finding it hard to believe, and said, “Quit kidding!”
The people around them began to gossip and chuckle.
It was really because the number Lu Ming dropped was just too unbelievable!
As mentioned earlier by He Qing, the Eternal Clan had its share of super-genius individuals who could advance to the Source Realm within a few years.
However, entering the Ancient Realm in just 27 years through the silver patterns was almost unheard of in the Black Mist Zone.
Unlike Lin Feng’s golden patterns, the formation of silver patterns required a great deal of time and effort.
Moreover, Lu Ming had three silver patterns.
Looking at Lu Ming’s surging blood qi, it was evident that the progress of his body forging technique was not bad, placing him among the top tier in the Ancient Realm first level..
Twenty-seven years old.
Three silver patterns + physical strength which was considered formidable even among the first level of the Ancient Realm…
“Even if you started cultivating in your mother’s womb, it’s impossible for you to make such progress.”
As soon as Old Jiu Han finished speaking, Lu Ming had already extended his hand toward Jiu Han.
“Don’t you know how to pinch bones?”
“Pinch it.. Wouldn’t you know if you pinch it?”


CHAPTER-302
Chapter 302: Entrance Examination (5)

Lu Ming’s words left Old Man Jiu Han momentarily stunned.
The surrounding discussions also quieted down considerably.
It was really… Lu Ming’s expression and tone were just too genuine.
It was as if he really was 27 years old…
Seeing this scene, Jiu Han narrowed his eyes, but in his heart, he made a decision.
You young lad think I’m ignorant, huh?
Or did you use a secret technique to change your bone age?
Fine, I’ll pinch you, but if 1 find anything fishy, 1’11 definitely teach you a lesson, young man.
Jiu Han did not believe that he was a 27-year-old Silver-Patterned Ancient Realm expert.
However, since the other party had already stretched out his hand, he still had to pinch it.
Not only did he have to pinch it, but he had to pinch it carefully and seriously!
“I don’t believe it…”
Without another ado, he grabbed Lu Ming’s arm.
Then, Jiu Han fell into deep contemplation…
Just as Jiu Han was pinching Lu Ming’s bones, the people below were whispering among themselves.
Those who knew Jiu Han’s identity were all waiting to see Lu Ming make a fool of himself. Those who did not know Jiu Han’s identity directly considered Lu Ming a fraud.
“The kid might be young, but he’s a compulsive liar. It’s obvious he has a bad character,” Bai Yao shook his head and said.
As a fellow Silver-Patterned Ancient Realm expert, Bai Yao knew the difficulty of cultivating silver patterns too well.
Even with high talent, it would take a hundred or more years, let alone those with lower talent who might never achieve Silver Patterns in their lifetime.
Even Bai Yao, with mediocre talent took over 4,000 years to cultivate two Silver Patterns. In other words, it took 2,000 years for one silver pattern to be cultivated…
On the side, Lin Feng, with a cold and arrogant expression, heard what Bai Yao said and immediately snorted.
“He probably has some secret technique that can change his bone age, so he wants to take a shortcut.”
He sneered and said, “The key is that if he can think of this method, don’t others think of it too? He didn’t even ask around to find out how many fakes have been kicked out of the Three Elements Academy over the years!”
He could fool the crystal pillar, the Ancient Realm examiner, but could he fool the gods? Could he fool Jiu Han?
A 27-year-old Silver-Patterned Ancient Realm….that kind of talent would definitely attract Jiu Han’s attention.
When the time comes, the gods will witness it themselves, and it will be clear whether it’s real or fake. At that time, wouldn’t it be obvious if the god was telling the truth?
Thinking of this, Lin Feng shook his head and said, “In my opinion, this person shouldn’t resort to these tricks. He’s probably guaranteed admission to the academy, but if he pulls off these tricks, he’s going to have a hard time.”
As for whether what Lu Ming said was true… Sorry, no normal person would consider that possibility.
“Mm—”
“Mm—”
At this moment, Jiu Han, who was pinching Lu Ming’s wrist, kept making muffled sounds. As he contemplated and distinguished, the time passed incredibly slowly.
His face turned into various colors as if he had visited a dye factory.
After a long time, Jiu Han suddenly spoke.
“This isn’t right…”
Lu Ming was stunned, “What’s wrong?”
“There are imprints of other Divine Spirit Realm experts in your body.”
Lu Ming was stunned for a moment and then cautiously asked, “Can you even tell that?”
“And there are imprints from… someone 1 have a deep and deadly feud with,” he immediately whispered. Halfway through his sentence, Lu Ming had already understood the meaning of the old man’s words.
This was the truth, though he did not go into detail, and there was no need to.
Jiu Han did not care about this. He frowned again.
“It’s still not right…”
Lu Ming asked carefully, “What’s wrong now?”
“Your cultivation time is so short?”
Lu Ming said, “Indeed, to be honest, I’m a contemporary tribulation transcender. I’ve only been on the path to transcendence for two and a half years…”
After Lu Ming finished speaking, he clearly felt the hand of the old man in front of him tremble as he tightened his grip.
After a long time, Jiu Han said, “It’s still not right.”
Lu Ming was perplexed…
“What’s wrong now?”
The old man thought for a moment and said, “You’re not right at your age either.”
“You’re not 27.”
Lu Ming said firmly, “I really am 27.”
Jiu Han shook his head and said, “No, according to your bone age, you’ll only reach 27 in three months. You’re 26 years and 9 months old this year, at most add another five or six days.”
Lu Ming was surprised, “Can you tell with such precision?”
Jiu Han smiled, “You’re too young and easy to pinch. Moreover, I’m no ordinary person; can’t 1 figure this out?”
“Your talent is indeed extraordinary… but even though it’s extraordinary, it’s not unique.”
As he spoke, Jiu Han continued calmly, “Thinking about it, that Zero was extremely talented. He achieved the Ancient Realmin in just a few years from the Mortal Realm.”
“Moreover, that Eternity is even more ridiculous. He only took less than five years to go from the Mortal Realm to the Ancient Realm.”
“In the entire Black Mist Zone, there are many people who can break through from the Mortal Realm to the Ancient Realm in a hundred years with the power of silver patterns. Your talent is not unique.”
“In any case, don’t be arrogant and complacent!”
Although Lu Ming did not know who Zero and Eternity were, he had no reason to be arrogant or complacent about his talent…
If he wanted to be proud, Lu Ming would only be proud of his current strength, not his talent. Talent meant nothing and would be useless if it could not be translated into strength.
Lu Ming immediately nodded, “I understand.”
Jiu Han could not help but stroke his beard and smile.
This was because he could tell from Lu Ming’s eyes that Lu Ming had no trace of arrogance or complacency.
In this aspect, Lu Ming and Lin Feng were worlds apart.
With this in mind, Jiu Han finally released his grip on Lu Ming’s wrist. After thinking for a moment, he smiled and said, “Good, 1, Jiu Han, have nothing to do lately. As the saying goes, after a prolonged rest, one thinks of a move. Moreover, your talent is indeed outstanding.”
“I might as well take you under my wing, and become my direct disciple. What do you think?”
Lu Ming had already figured out the old man’s identity from his earlier words.
At this moment, Lu Ming was not shocked when Jiu Han introduced himself. He simply knelt down in front of the old man and said loudly, “Greetings, Master!”
Jiu Han stroked his beard again, nodded slightly and said, “However, you still have to pass the temperament test. Although your talent is outstanding, if your temperament is not good, you can’t be my direct disciple…”
With that said, Jiu Han thought for a moment and added, “You can only become a named disciple.”
Being a direct disciple and a named disciple were clearly not the same.
Lu Ming immediately nodded, “1 understand, Master.”
“Well, in that case, continue with the assessment for now. I suddenly remembered that there’s something else 1 need to attend to, so I won’t stay with you any longer.”
With that said, Jiu Han turned around and hurriedly left.
Everyone present was also shocked speechless by the recent turn of events.
In the silence, the only sound in the entire venue was the hurried footsteps of Jiu Han.
When Jiu Han passed by Lin Feng, he suddenly turned to look at Lin Feng.
“You’re… Oh, that lucky seedling, right?”
After Jiu Han finished speaking somewhat absentmindedly, he saw Lin Feng looking at him blankly. He thought for a moment before asking, “I still have a spot available for an in-name disciple? Do you want it?”
As the saying went, whether you herd a sheep alone or you herd a flock of sheep, you were using the same effort.
Since Lu Ming had already ignited Jiu Han’s desire to take on a disciple, he might as well accept this lucky seedling along as well. It wouldn’t be a waste of such a promising talent.
Of course, being a direct disciple was out of the question.
This Lin Feng was not qualified…
At most, he would be a named disciple.
Lin Feng just felt a surge of warm current rushing to his head, and his face instantly turned bright red.
It was unknown if he was embarrassed or excited, but Lin Feng was stunned for a long time before kneeling on the ground and bowing.
“Greetings, Master!”
“However, you also have to pass the temperament test.”
After saying this, Jiu Han shrank into nothingness and instantly disappeared..


CHAPTER-303
Chapter 303: Elegant and Easygoing

In the blink of an eye, Jiu Han returned to his residence from the examination hall.
It was the tallest building in the entire academy and even in the entire Xuanshui City—Boshi Tower.
Standing on the top floor of the highest tower, with no one else around, Jiu Ilan could not contain his excitement any longer!
“Hahahahaha!”
“Hahahahaha!”
Excited laughter instantly erupted from Jiu Ilan’s mouth and became louder and louder.
It was even to the extent that this laughter had turned into sonic attacks, causing the entire Boshi Tower to tremble as if it might collapse, but it maintained stability under the effect of array formations.
It was not until he completely vented the ecstasy in his heart that Jiu Han wiped away the tears that had welled up in his eyes due to his excitement.
His expression returned to calm, and as he began to contemplate, a trace of thought emerged on his face, tinted with joy.
“At the age of 27, a triple exotic silver pattern, and you had already set foot on the path of the Blood Pattern Awakening Path…”
“Such talent… such talent, how can I ignore such talent?!”
Although Jiu Han had mentioned that Lu Ming’s talent was somewhat common in the Black Mist Zonet….in reality, everyone knew in their hearts what the truth was. Jiuhan was so excited at that time that he spoke without thinking. Using Zero was also the Corpse God.
Compared to Eternal, or Eternal Divine Master, one could know what Lu Ming’s talent meant.
If nothing unexpected happened, as long as he sent Lu Ming to the Heaven Ascension Stairs, he would be a future god of the clan!
“But the Heaven Ascension Stairs…”
But the very thing that Jiu Han found troublesome was this Heaven Ascension Stairs.
As mentioned before, Jiu Han had sworn not to take on any more disciples long ago, and the reason for that was closely related to the Heaven Ascension Stairs. Originally, Jiu Han had already vowed that he would never take in another disciple in his lifetime, let alone nurture another god.
However, Lu Ming’s talent, which surpassed even the Clan Gods, forced Jiu Han to break his oath.
After a long while, Jiu Han sighed softly.
“If he has such talent, then perhaps that path could still be traversed…”
With that said, Jiu Han seemed to have already made up his mind.
This time, he turned his gaze toward the examination hall where Lu Ming was.
Watching as Lu Ming began to prepare for the test of temperament, Jiu Han suddenly slapped his forehead.
“Right, 1 got too excited that I almost forgot about this.”
Gently flicking his fingers, a blue light flew out of Jiuhan’s hand. In an instant, it arrived above Lu Ming’s head and directly entered Lu Ming’s body through his Crown Chakra.
At this moment, Lu Ming felt a chilling sensation which was mentally refreshing.
A faint but extremely potent energy rapidly circulated within Lu Ming’s body!
Immediately after, Lu Ming opened his mouth and once again, the blue light emerged from his mouth. However, the difference was that this time, this ball of blue light was accompanied by a twisted, pale gray runic imprint..
Jiu Han’s voice sounded in Lu Ming’s heart.
“This is the seal within your body, I’ve removed it for you.”
Lu Ming took a deep breath and felt a sense of relief…
Good, it saved him one Divine Source Point…
He bowed to Jiu Han from a distance, and heard Jiu Han’s voice again.
“I can also guess the grudges between you and Moon Fiend. But now, after becoming my disciple, a mere Moon Fiend is not worth mentioning.”
As an educator, Jiu Han naturally knew almost all of the gods in the current world like the back of his hand. He could also recognize Moon Fiend’s identity through an aura in the seal.
Moreover, his strength was enough to protect Lu Ming from Moon Fiend’s revenge.
This was Lu Ming’s plan for the next step.
Work for Moon Fiend? That was definitely not going to happen.
Not only would Lu Ming not work for her, but he also needed to find a way to get back at her and vent his grievances!
Considering that only another god could deal with Moon Fiend, then, how to gain the attention of another god became the key to solving the matter with Moon Fiend.
After much thought, Lu Ming chose the simplest and most direct approach.
To attract the attention of other Divine Spirit Realm experts with his talent.
Jiu Han and the Hundred Schools of Philosophy were very good choices.
Of course, this was the general idea, but Lu Ming did not expect the effect to be so outstanding. Jiu Han did not hesitate and took him as his disciple, even saving him some Divine Source Points…
At this moment, Lu Ming suddenly felt a burning sensation in his chest.
It was the token Moon Fiend had given Lu Ming, and it was ringing again….
He took out the token and infused it with source power, and the voice of the enraged Moon Fiend emanated from the token in front of everyone!
“Where’s my Moonlight Curse Seal!? How did you lose my Moonlight Curse Seal?!”
“Lu Ming! What the hell are you doing?!”
Lu Ming took a deep breath and slowly gathered his strength. Then, he spoke loudly, “I’m messing with your mother. You deserve it!”
Moon Fiend,”…”
Jiu Han,”…”
The surrounding people,”???”
“Pfft.”
Inside Boshi Tower, Jiu Han could not contain his laughter and burst into laughter on the spot…
Others did not know who Lu Ming was talking to, but Jiu Han knew very well.
As for an Ancient Realm expert cursing a god on the spot in public… This was something that Jiu Han had rarely seen in his long life as a god.
On the other side of the communicator, Moon Fiend was also dumbfounded.
She accepted that she had been insulted by Jufang and Haojun.
However, she really did not expect that a mere Ancient Realm brat would dare to openly insult her mother…
This caused Moon Fiend to be in a daze for a long time before she finally came to her senses.
“What did you say!?”
Moon Fiend’s voice instantly changed its tone, becoming even sharper and more ear-piercing.
Lu Ming’s tone, on the other hand, became calm instead.
“I said I’m messing with your mother. Do you understand this time?”
“I’ll teach you idiot, a lesson.”
“That’s not how you should be, as a boss. Do you understand what sincerity means? If you don’t treat others sincerely, how can others treat you sincerely?” “I never intended to be your subordinate. It was you who forced me to become your subordinate.”
“Alright, it’s not embarrassing for an Ancient Realm expert like me to be a subordinate under you, a god. What about you? Think about what you’ve done.” “After being insulted by an even stronger individual, you vented your anger on the weaker ones. But you didn’t vent it on those who offended you. Instead, you vented your anger on your subordinates.”
By now, a sense of helplessness and embarrassment had appeared on Lu Ming’s face. “With a character like yours, even if 1 were to be your subordinate, your ancestors’ graves would be celebrated. Do you understand? Yet, you idiot, you don’t know how to appreciate it and still yell at me.”
“Who do you think you are?”
“Do you have a f*cking brain?”
On the other side, Moon Fiend was so angry that her teeth were grinding against each other.
However, she could not organize her words for a moment and could only grit her teeth and say, “Fine… Lu Ming, you’re very good… very good!”
“I’m indeed f*cking very, very good. I can’t be any better. Why? Are you going to bite me? Come on, come over here.”
“I’m at the Three Elements Academy. Do you dare to come over?”
“I bet you don’t have the guts, right?”
“You’re good at torturing and killing your subordinates, but you really can’t go deep into the enemy’s territory! How could you have the guts?”
“It’s said that bitches are heartless and actors are unjust. You’re both heartless and unjust. I’m already flattering you by calling you a bitch. Go home and lie under the blanket and think about it.. What the f*ck are you?”


CHAPTER-304
Chapter 304: Temperament

A bucket of curses
Lu Ming had managed to vent his pent-up frustration, and Moon Fiend had been left speechless and trembling with rage.
Through the communication device, it could be heard that Moon Fiend’s teeth were chattering as if in a war with each other
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming spoke again.
“I’m rating your performance…!”
Absolute Kill: The Technique of Disrespecting One’s Ancestors through Rap!
How could Lu Ming completely release all the pent-up frustration with just a few words of greeting?
Actually, during this period of time, Lu Ming had already cursed Moon Fiend’s entire family countless times in his heart.
Now that he had seized the opportunity, Lu Ming had to say everything he wanted to say and curse her out loud!
Forget about what it meant to be a real man in a war of words…
If he could vent his anger through words, it would be a relief for himself and might mess with Moon Fiend’s mindset. If he could make the Moon Fiend really come to the Three Elements Academy to look for him, wouldn’t that be even better?
After a full ten minutes…
Lu Ming had spoken until his throat was dry, and even the surrounding people blushed when they heard him. Lu Ming’s cursing was just too obscene.
And Moon Fiend had already been completely defeated. She had succumbed to the sweet words Lu Ming had prepared for a long time and could not say a word.
Until there was a loud “snap”.
The communicator in his hand was cut off…
Jiu Han’s voice sounded again.
“She crushed the communication token in her hand.”
“Tsk…” Lu Ming also crushed his token and snorted disdainfully, “If you can’t win, you just slink away. This is indeed Moon Fiend’s style.”
“Hahaha.”
Jiu Han’s hearty laughter sounded in his ears. Then, he said, “However, you offended her today. Moon Fiend is not a magnanimous person. With me by your side, there’s nothing to be afraid of, but in the future, if you step out of the gates of Xuanshui City, I’m afraid…”
Lu Ming was well-prepared for this.
“Then 1 won’t leave Xuanshui City. By the way, Teacher, the course you arranged for me shouldn’t include field experiences, right?”
Jiu Han was stunned.
Having taught so many disciples, he knew that young people were restless and could not stay in one place for a long time.
Therefore, for young people, field experience was their favorite segment.
At this moment, looking at Lu Ming’s expression, he seemed quite indifferent to the idea of field experiences….
Jiu Han thought for a moment and said, “There really is no need for any field experience at the moment.”
Lu Ming spread out his hands, “Then, wouldn’t that be fine?”
Jiu Han chuckled and said, “Alright, in any case, don’t worry about this matter. We can talk about other matters after you’ve completed the assessment.”
Lu Ming immediately nodded and said respectfully, “Understood, Teacher.”
People are like that.
You show me respect, and I’ll return the favor.
Regardless of one’s strength, respect was the essential prerequisite for getting along.
Jiu Han’s attitude was gentle and did not have the arrogance of a Divine Spirit Realm expert. Just this point alone made him much stronger than Moon Fiend.
Hundred Thousand Mountains, Archean City.
At the moment she crushed the communication token, Moon Fiend was expressionless.
However, from the depths of her eyes, one could tell how she was feeling at this moment…
Moon Fiend, Divine Spirit Realm.
She treated all non-Divine Spirit Realm experts as mere ants, but today, the ant in her eyes cursed her and used words to denounce her ancestral grave!
“I’m going to kill you…” A faint murmur sounded from Moon Fiend’s mouth. Soon, this voice evolved into a furious roar!
“I must kill you! Lu Ming! 1 want to tear you into thousands of pieces! Thousands of pieces!!”
The aura of the Divine Spirit Realm involuntarily spread out, causing the surrounding people to turn pale with fright. However, another much stronger divine aura was emanating from Moon Fiend’s side, preventing the surrounding Corpse Clan and Insect Clan generals from meeting a tragic end.
The god of the Corpse Clan said indifferently.
“If you’re angry, vent it on the enemy. Don’t vent it on your own people…”
As soon as he finished speaking, this god of the Corpse Clan called Lin Jiangyu opened his mouth, but in the end, he did not say a word and only shook his head.
This Moon Fiend was indeed trash. The war in the Hundred Thousand Mountains had already started for a few months, but Moon Fiend had never dared to go to the front line to face Shu Fang and the mighty army.
In the camp, she went about with her nose in the air. She did nothing but just put on airs.
Thinking of this, Lin Jiangyu was a little tired.
He said loudly, “Let’s end today’s meeting here. We’ll discuss it another day.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Lin Jiangyu’s figure disappeared without a trace.
Moon Fiend also disappeared.
When Lu Ming scolded her, she was in a military camp meeting. Moon Fiend did not care about the time and place. During the meeting, she sensed that the Moonlight Curse Seal had been removed and immediately took out her communication token to question Lu Ming!
The outcome was obvious…
She would be so embarrassed this time…
At this moment, Moon Fiend was probably too ashamed to continue staying here.
It was not until the two gods left that everyone present looked at the other person.
His name was Tangshan.
At this moment, Tang Shan was expressionless. When he sensed everyone’s gazes sweeping towards him, for some reason, he slowly closed his eyes.
“Old Tang, Chongye…”
When this voice sounded, Tang Shan suddenly opened his eyes and looked at the source of the voice.
He said word by word, “Chongye died at the hands of the Blackmond Clan. He died heroically!”
“Do you understand?”
Everyone present fell silent.
At the Boshi Tower, Jiu Han did not know whether to laugh or cry as he watched Lu Ming crush the communication token in his hand.
He naturally understood that it was precisely because of him as a backer that Lu Ming dared to spout nonsense to Moon Fiend and curse her ancestors.
To put it bluntly, Old Man Jiu Han was used by Lu Ming.
However, Jiu Han did not mind it.
As the saying goes, people come in a hundred varieties, and everyone’s personality is different.
Not to mention the matter between Lu Ming and Moon Fiend, Jiu Han had a rough idea after hearing and made a rough guess. It was normal for Lu Ming to be resentful. At this moment, cursing loudly was his true nature.
“He, being an Ancient Realm expert, actually dared to curse a god….he’s quite audacious.”
Just as the temperament assessment began, Jiu Han looked at the examination hall with a dark gaze.
“Let me see if you’re that scheming, insidious, and cunning person, or if you’re someone with unyielding spirit and can distinguish between gratitude and grudges.”
After waiting a while in the first examination hall and gathering another ten candidates who had passed the first round of test, everyone headed to the second examination hall under the lead of the examiner.
Along the way, all the candidates looked at Lu Ming strangely. Even the way Quan Chao looked at Lu Ming was mixed with an indescribable feeling.
“Boss,” Quan Chao finally could not hold back any longer and moved closer to Lu Ming.
“Are you really 27 years old?”
His voice was not loud, but everyone around him heard it clearly.
Lu Ming shook his head and said, “No… I’m not.”
Everyone was stunned. Lin Feng suddenly looked at Lu Ming, as if to say, “1 knew you were lying. How could there be a 27-year-old Silver Pattern Ancient Realm expert in the world?”
It was not until Lu Ming’s next words that everyone present was rendered speechless, “I’m 26 years and 9 months old this year.”
After saying that, he sighed and added, “Teacher is indeed amazing; he could actually tell that I’m hiding my age…”
Quan Chao,”…”
Lin Feng,”…”
The examiner,”…”
Everyone,”…”