CHAPTER-305
Chapter 305: Temperament (2)

For a moment, everyone was collectively stunned. After a long time, the examiner turned to Lu Ming and smiled gently, “I’m Jiang Weiquan. Junior, I look forward to learning from you in the future.”
Even if Lu Ming’s temperament did not meet the standards, with his extraordinary talent, he would be a disciple-in-name of Jiu Han.
If he did not pull strings now, when would he?
Lu Ming politely responded, “Hello, Senior Jiang, I look forward to your guidance in the future.”
At the side, Lin Feng seemed to have figured something out. He deliberately approached Lu Ming, saying, “Brother Lu, we’ll probably be fellow disciples in the future. We should take the time to get to know each other.”
For some reason, Lu Ming felt that Lin Feng’s smile seemed a bit fake.
However, as the saying went, one should not slap a smiling person. So, Lu Ming nodded and said, “We’re fellow disciples, so we should get along well.”
“Hehe,” Lin Feng chuckled, making people feel as if they were bathing in a spring breeze, his arrogance from before completely gone.
At this moment, Jiang Weiquan led everyone to another empty room.
He pointed at the empty space surrounded by the four crystal pillars in the room and said, “This is the examination hall for the temperament test.”
As soon as he finished speaking, he turned to look at Lu Ming, Lin Feng, and the others.
“Enter, sit cross-legged, and focus your thoughts.”
“Wait quietly for the exam to begin.”
When everyone heard this, they walked into the assessment venue in sequence.
The area of the temperament test examination hall was quite large. It was about 60 to 70 square meters.
It was more than enough space to accommodate ten people.
Everyone sat cross-legged on the ground. Lu Ming lowered his head and looked at the ground. He could see complicated array patterns carved on the ground.
Jiang Weiquan’s voice echoed from a distance.
“This place, with four crystal pillars as the core, is supplemented by other array formations and restrictions. The effect is to allow the candidates to sleep and fall into a dream, and experience certain events within that dream.”
“Everyone, there’s no need to panic. Just treat it as a short rest, have a good dream. Our Three Elements Academy guarantees that it won’t have any impact on you when you wake up.”
Jiang Weiquan said this probably mainly for Lu Ming and Lin Feng to hear, as a form of goodwill.
After seeing Lu Ming and Lin Feng both nod, Jiang Weiquan waved his hand gently, controlling the source power to activate the crystal pillar.
At the same time, he said, “Ancient Realm candidates, please focus your minds and enter the dream voluntarily!”
This formation could not forcefully affect those from the Ancient Realm; they needed to cooperate willingly.
After hearing this, Lu Ming simply closed his eyes and completely relaxed.
His consciousness drifted, as if sinking into a bottomless abyss.
The profound sensation of weightlessness made Lu Ming a little uncomfortable, but he quickly adapted.
His thoughts began to gradually firm up.
Just like an ordinary person, he drifted into a dream.
Subtle snoring sounds subconsciously sounded from Lu Ming’s mouth…
When Lu Ming opened his eyes again, he found himself in a luxurious room.
A flood of memories began to surface.
“My name is Lu Ming, the only son of the Lu family.”
The Lu family, a powerful family in Xuanshui City, could be considered the local tyrant of the city. The head of the Lu family, Lu Ming’s father, was the strongest expert in Xuanshui City, a quasi-divine-level expert.
These fake memories filled Lu Ming’s mind and completely replaced his original memories.
At this moment, Lu Ming fully accepted his new identity, but his personality and temperament remained as they were under the influence of the assessment array.
Just as there was a knock on the door, Lu Ming walked towards the door.
When he opened the door, he saw two beautiful girls in seductive clothes kneeling before him.
“Young Master, you’re awake.”
In order to protect the candidates’ privacy, the temperament test was not publicized. Even the chief examiner, Jiang Weiquan, could only discern if there was anything wrong with the candidates’ temperaments through the colors on the crystal pillars.
However, this did not pose a challenge for Jiu Han.
As the candidates entered their dreams, a faint light glowed in Jiu Han’s eyes, allowing him to see the candidates’ dreams clearly.
He could clearly see everything that the ten candidates had experienced in their dream.
Although the passage of time in reality and in the dream world was different, everything was crystal clear to Jiu Han.
His primary focus was undoubtedly on Lu Ming, with Lin Feng also under his observation.
When he saw in the dream that both of them opened the door and found the maids waiting outside for the purpose of procreation, Jiu Han could not help but laugh heartily.
“Appetite and desire, facing one’s instincts, how will you handle it?”
In the examination hall, the faces of the eight examinees instantly turned red, as if they had experienced passionate encounters in their dreams.
This made Jiang Weiquan shake his head slightly.
“The allure of beauty is a significant challenge for most people…”
This was the instinct of living beings to reproduce.
However, the key difference between humans and animals lay in human self-control.
It was not that there was anything wrong with being lustful; it was the lack of self-control that could indeed interfere with one’s path to greatness in the future.
Looking at Lu Ming and Lin Feng again, Jiang Weiquan smiled knowingly when he saw the two of them sitting calmly.
“Palace Master Jiu Han indeed has sharp judgment. These two not only have exceptional talents but also decent temperament.”
However, he did not know what the two of them had experienced in their dreams.
Seeing the two beautiful maids, Lin Feng immediately frowned. His face was filled with dignity as he said solemnly, “Today is the day Father imparts his cultivation. How can I delay such an important matter for matters of the heart?!”
“You two, quickly move aside, lest my father becomes impatient!”.
With that, he pushed the two maids away and strode out.
This scene made Jiu Han stroke his beard and smile.
“Understanding the importance of prioritizing, not letting passion hinder one’s duties, very good…”
Seeing the two alluring maids, Lu Ming also furrowed his brow..
“Isn’t today the day Father imparts his cultivation? What are the two of you doing here?”
The younger maid coquettishly replied, “We’re here to assist Young Master with dressing and grooming.”
The other more mature maid added, “There’s still two hours before the Master imparts his cultivation. Young Master could take a moment to rest in the room. At this point, the two female maids blushed and said in unison, “If Young Master can leave an heir, the Old Master won’t blame you even if the impartation of your cultivation was delayed.”
Lu Ming narrowed his eyes as more memories flowed from his mind.
The Lu family had only one descendant for three generations.
The Old Master of the Lu family was a quasi divine level expert, but like father, like son, Lu Ming had excellent resources and aptitude. However, in his youthful arrogance, he cared more about worldly pleasures than cultivation.
Old Master Lu might have given up too, and he just hoped that Lu Ming could at least provide him with a grandchild – if the firstborn was raised astray, then have an illegitimate child…
Therefore, the maids’ words were not entirely wrong.
If he could indeed leave an heir, it would be even more meaningful to the old patriarch than imparting cultivation.
But, at this moment, Lu Ming vaguely sensed something was amiss.
It was not because he sensed that this was the examination hall.
Instead, he felt that he had suddenly matured overnight and come to a realization….
“My strength is low and I’ve wasted my talent. Now that I’m only twenty-six years and nine months old, it’s still not too late to work hard. How can I waste my time on matters of the heart?”
With a sense of righteousness, Lu Ming finished his speech, pushed aside the two maids, and walked out of the courtyard.
At this moment, only one thought filled Lu Ming’s heart.
Cultivate, cultivate, and keep cultivating!
A life without cultivation had no meaning for Lu Ming!
Under normal circumstances, Young Master Lu could not have gained such enlightenment overnight.
But, this examination process created fake dreams while retaining the candidates’ personalities and temperament.
Because of this, the dream version of Lu Ming did not feel that there was anything strange about his transformation in the dream.
However, the word “cultivation” kept surfacing from the depths of his heart, and he would feel restless if he did not cultivate for a moment..


CHAPTER-306
Chapter 306: Temperament (3)

‘Boshi Tower.’
Jiu Han raised an eyebrow, carefully pondering the meaning behind Lu Ming’s words.
“It’s not too late to work hard now, how can I waste time on matters of the heart?”
“Oh, just this sentence alone, and 1 can let you pass…”
Without a doubt, these words spoken by Lu Ming greatly satisfied Jiu Han.
With his endless lifespan and vast life experience, he naturally understood the wisdom of the saying “The best time to plant a tree was a year ago, the second-best time is now.”
As an educator, Jiu Han was not afraid that one was not talented, but he was afraid that one would not work hard.
The most tragic thing was those with exceptional talent who squandered everything due to laziness and temptation – Jiuhan had seen many such geniuses….
From the looks of it, it seemed that Lu Ming was not one of those people.
He immediately arrived at the Cultivation Hall. Both Lu Ming and Lin Feng were in different dream scenarios, yet they were both waiting quietly.
For an entire two hours, neither of them displayed any impatience. Lin Feng simply waited, while Lu Ming assumed a posture and began to cultivate the Body Forging technique passed down from his family.
One time, two times, three times, four times…
After repeating it four times, when Lu Ming was drenched in sweat and panting, a voice came from not far away.
“Why are you so diligent today?”
Lu Ming raised his head to look at the source of the voice and respectfully greeted, “Father, I just felt that I’ve wasted my time in the past, so 1 want to work hard to make up for my past mistakes.”
Old Lu, a plump middle-aged man with a striking resemblance to Jiu Han in his demeanor and appearance, heard Lu Ming’s words and immediately chuckled.
“It’s good that you have this realization. You’re still relatively young. It’s not too late for you to work hard now.”
After a pause, Old Lu continued, “I want to give you two options for today’s cultivation imparting.”
“The first is a fast-track method that can get you to the Ancient Realm within a hundred years.”
“The second is the foundational method. Although it progresses more slowly, your potential in the future will be much greater. Which one do you choose?”
In the examination area, both Lu Ming and Lin Feng fell into silence.
After a long time, Lin Feng spoke first, “Father, which option do you want me to choose?”
Jiu Han turned his gaze to Lu Ming and heard Lu Ming make his choice.
“I choose the foundational method.”
The temperament tests did not have an absolutely correct answer; they merely provided insights into a person’s character, temperament, and his concepts of good and evil.
Just like the previous scenario involving temptation—even if he did not pass it, it did not mean that he would fail the examination.
This was because being lecherous was definitely not a major fault. In fact, it was not even a fault. It was just a human instinct.
Similarly, in this cultivation impartation scenario, there was no clear right or wrong choice.
“Lin Feng asked his father for guidance, not because he lacked a decision of his own, but because he listened to the elder’s words. His father is a quasi-divine-level expert, naturally more knowledgeable than a profligate son like him. And the choice he offered was probably better than what Lin Feng might have chosen himself.”
“He’s obedient and not rebellious, which is good.”
After evaluating Lin Feng in this way, Jiu Han looked at Lu Ming. “Choosing the foundational method indicates that this boy is actually ambitious and has great aspirations. He doesn’t want to settle for mediocrity. That’s good.”
But choosing the first option was also acceptable.
Choosing the first option meant the person was down-to-earth, lacking grand ambitions but excelling in diligence – it was also good.
In fact, there was another option.
Asking his father for a fast and solid cultivation technique. This meant that this person was flexible and quick-witted, with a suspicion of taking shortcuts. However, as the saying goes, everything has two sides; this was also acceptable.
At this moment, Jiuhan’s two promising disciples had different choices.
This made Jiu Han narrow his eyes and smile, “The real challenge is still ahead. What will you two do next?”
Inside the dream, the good ol’ dad imparted different cultivation techniques to the candidates based on their choices.
-Of course, there was no technique that was both fast and strong.
Lu Ming and Lin Feng had both received the slow but promising foundational techniques.
While explaining some key points of their cultivation, Old Dad suddenly received a whisper from the steward, causing a trace of concern to appear on his face.
Lin Feng immediately asked, “Father, is there something troubling you?”
Old Dad shook his head slightly and did not say a word.
On Lu Ming’s side, he was just chewing over the key points of the cultivation technique that Old Dad had just explained, seemingly oblivious to the worry on Old Dad’s face.
Old Dad was the first to speak, “That’s all for today’s lesson. 1 have some matters to attend to. If you have any questions about your cultivation in the future, come find me at any time.”
After saying that, he stood up and left, and Lu Ming did not say a word from the beginning to the end; he was completely immersed in his cultivation state.
Only when Old Dad hurriedly reached the door did he suddenly turn around to look at Lu Ming. “By the way, there may be some turbulence in the city during this period. Stay at home and don’t go out to hang out with your friends.”
Lu Ming nodded, “1 understand.”
Then, he watched as Old Dad walked out of the door.
When Lin Feng heard his Old Dad’s words, his eyes flashed.
Upon returning to his courtyard, Lin Feng summoned a servant, and in no time, he learned about various events, both big and small, that had happened in the city during this period of time.
“Enemies?”
“Duel?”
Lin Feng could not help but frown.
The life experiences of every quasi-divine-level expert were legendary.
And Old Dad in the dream was no exception.
And legendary experiences were invariably accompanied by antagonists and enemies.
Recently, without the knowledge of the candidates, a significant event had created a big commotion in Xuanshui City.
The newly promoted quasi-god, Jie Hai, has arrived near Xuanshui City and openly challenged Old Dad to a life-and-death duel to avenge his father and brother!
It was a personal blood feud and a matter of prestige.
Old Dad could not refuse this battle and could only agree to it.
The decisive battle was tentatively set for a month from that day.
After summarizing this information, Lin Feng pondered for a long time.
Meanwhile, Lu Ming had no knowledge of this matter and had no intention of inquiring about it.
Returning to the courtyard with the cultivation technique, Lu Ming went into seclusion and immediately began intensive training!
The contrasting behavior of Lu Ming and Lin Feng naturally received different evaluations from Jiu Han.
“In comparison, Lin Feng’s thoughts and observation skills are sharp. His performance can even be considered quite perfect…”
“As for Lu Ming…”
Watching Lu Ming in the dream relentlessly training, other than eating and sleeping, he was focused on cultivating. Jiu Han admitted that he could not quite understand Lu Ming.
“Why does this disciple of mine seem a bit odd…”
It could not be said that Lu Ming had made the wrong choice.
How could a profligate young master like him interfere when it came to quasi divine level matters? And if his Old Dad did not share certain information with him, there was no need for him to know, and even if he knew, he would not be of much help.
In any case, there was no problem or mistake in Lu Ming’s choice.
However, it gave Jiu Han a very strange feeling…
“Forget it, Let’s observe a little longer.”
Muttering to himself, Jiu Han refocused his attention on the dream examination hall..


CHAPTER-307
Chapter 307: Temperament (4)

After the temperament assessment following the transmission of skills, they entered the fast lane.
The beauty test examined self-control, and the choice of martial arts cultivation techniques revealed one’s temperament and cultivation style.
Regardless of the two choices, neither would affect the assessment results.
However, everything the candidates would experience next was closely related to whether they would pass the test.
Three days in the dream, the first candidate to be eliminated appeared.
He opened his eyes in a daze and saw the disappointment in Jiang Weiquan’s face.
“You have failed the examination, please leave…”
The candidate could not recall what had happened in the dream examination hall. Jiang Weiquan could only determine the outcome through the light of the crystal pillar.
The only one who knew everything was Jiu Han, who stood atop the Boshi Tower.
He looked at this candidate and could not help but shake his head.
“He lusted after beauties and couldn’t resist the temptation.”
“However, this is secondary. But more importantly, this person lacks intelligence and couldn’t even follow simple instructions.”
Before, the Old Dad had previously reminded the candidates not to leave their homes in the near future.
The specific reasons were not given. However, when the candidate returned to the residence and asked the maids and butlers, they could learn about the crucial information regarding the quasi-god-level challenge.
Not only did this person not ask the maids and butlers for information, but he also did not enter seclusion to cultivate. Instead, for several days, he indulged in beautiful women.
This continued for three days.
Under the invitation of his scoundrel friends, this candidate ignored the advice of the maidservant and butler and left home. Later, he was slapped to death by the Quasi Divine Realm, Jie Hai.
This was the first major hurdle of the temperament assessment.
These candidates were the young masters of the large noble families in Xuanshui City. With quasi-god-level fathers, no one dared to provoke them in Xuanshui City. With such powerful backing, the candidates had access to natural resources beyond imagination.
To be honest, with the status of the candidates in the dream examination, wealth and beauty were easily accessible. Even if they did terrible things, no one except their quasi-god fathers would dare to interfere, and no one could!
This was already a significant factor in the assessment – the ability to maintain oneself in the midst of wealth and power. That was the main focus of this part of the assessment.
To be honest, according to past experience, only half of the people could pass this assessment.
Too many people had never experienced the luxurious life of wine, women, and wealth and were easily ensnared by this simple yet human nature-targeted trap.
After this, two more candidates were eliminated directly – one due to an invitation from friends to have fun, leading to his death at the hands of the Jie Hai.
And the other candidate did not cultivate martial arts at all. Instead, he indulged in romantic fantasies with his maids and concubines for over a month. Then, he failed the assessment, resulting in his expulsion from the Three Elements Academy.
Jiu Han’s attention had been focused on Lu Ming and Lin Feng.
Jiu Han was deeply satisfied with Lin Feng’s performance. After this child learned about the quasi-god-level challenge, he knew that he could not interfere with this matter at all with his own strength, so he immediately entered seclusion.
He cultivated diligently every day and did not leave his mansion in his free time. He only chatted with the maids and butler, while keeping an eye on the information of the outside world at all times.
Lu Ming’s performance was equally good.
Although he was unaware of what was happening outside, his dedication to cultivation far exceeded what Lin Feng could achieve.
Lu Ming could spend 60% of his 24-hour day cultivating This was only
because Lu Ming did not have a Void Realm in the dream. If there was a Void Realm, Jiu Han did not doubt at all that Lu Ming would spend all his sleep time cultivating as well.
Just like that, a month passed in the blink of an eye.
The day of the quasi-god-level challenge had arrived.
The quasi-god-level challenge was naturally not something the candidates could interfere with.
The candidates who knew this information stayed at home and waited for the results of the decisive battle.
The candidates who did not know this information were either already eliminated or like Lu Ming, were so absorbed in their own cultivation that they didn’t know or care about the quasi-god-level challenge.
Three days later, the tension inside the mansion immediately eased.
This was because the Old Dad had defeated Jie Hai, securing victory in the quasi-god-level challenge.
With the crisis averted, life returned to normal.
In theory, the temperament assessment had now passed the halfway mark.
Over the next month, by observing the candidates’ states, the seriousness of their training, and their lifestyle in the wealthy household, it was possible to roughly determine the temperament of the candidates. As long as they were not the kind who only played and indulged in eating and drinking, or the kind who bullied others, they could be considered to have passed the assessment.
During this process, three more candidates were disqualified.
Only four people remained in the examination hall.
These four people could be considered to have passed the temperament test and met the admission criteria of the Three Elements Academy.
Lu Ming, Lin Feng, and Quan Chao were all among the qualified people.
Jiu Han was now interested.
He looked at Lu Ming with a somewhat puzzled expression.
“Why does this child do nothing else but cultivate?”
In Lu Ming’s daily life, besides eating and sleeping, he only focused on cultivation.
Beautiful women, entertainment, fun and everything else had nothing to do with him!
But Jiu Han could not believe it…
“Is he even human? Is he some sort of cultivation machine?”
He sent a voice transmission to Jiang Weiquan, indicating that the assessment should not end yet. Then, Jiu Han looked at Lu Ming and muttered, “Let me see how you handle the challenges to come!?”
He curled his finger slightly.
More content automatically evolved in the dream examination hall.
Another month later, an unexpected event occurred in the dream examination hall.
That night, Lu Ming was woken up by an urgent knocking at the door.
Rubbing his sleepy eyes, he came to the door, opened it and was met with the flustered faces of the maid and the butler.
“Young Master, something terrible has happened!”
“Old Master was ambushed and killed by that Jie Hai!”
Lu Ming was shocked, “What did you say?”
The butler hurriedly told him. Only then did Lu Ming understand everything that had happened recently.
It turned out that although his Old Dad had won in the previous quasi-god-level battle, the advantage was not as great as he had imagined.
His Old Dad was slightly injured, and Jie Hai was seriously injured. However, Jie Hai did not die on the spot. Instead, he escaped with his life.
Just a month later, Jie Hai returned after recovering from his injuries. He did not choose to fight the second battle. Instead, he took advantage of his Old Dad’s unpreparedness to launch a sneak attack and succeeded.
A huge shock filled Lu Ming’s mind.
He was stunned for a minute before taking a deep breath and he quickly asked, “How’s the situation now?”
The butler shook his head, “I don’t know… i only know that Master’s soul lamp has been extinguished…”
Once the soul lamp was extinguished, the body would die and the Dao would disappear! This was the law!
Lu Ming took a deep breath again and suppressed the helplessness in his heart.
“Take money and treasures and leave immediately!”
With that said, he looked at the butler, “There’s a secret passage in the house, right?”
The butler immediately nodded, “Yes.”
In comparison, Lin Feng’s reaction was faster than Lu Ming’s.
He did not take much time to digest this situation, but made the most correct decision in the shortest time possible.
He fled from his house at the fastest speed, and as soon as he exited Xuanshui City, a deafening explosion could be heard behind him.
Without the protection of his Old Dad, his family mansion was nothing more than a sand sculpture to the Quasi-God, Jie Hai.
He cast a deep look at the smoke behind him, planting the seeds of vengeance..


CHAPTER-308
Chapter 308: Temperament (5)

Four of the ten candidates passed.
In the second wave of attacks by Jie Hai, the reactions of Quan Chao and another candidate were too slow and they failed to escape in time, resulting in them being directly eliminated by Jie Hai.
At that moment, only Lu Ming and Lin Feng were left in the dream examination hall.
These two individuals were the ones that Jiu Han paid the most attention to.
As he peered into their dreams, Jiu Han stroked his beard and smiled, “The hatred of killing your father is irreconcilable… What methods will the two of you choose to confront your sworn enemy who is a quasi-divine-level expert?”
Although Jiu Han was reasonably satisfied with the temperament of the two of them—in fact, as long as they were not treacherous and evil people, he was fine with accepting them as disciples.
The two of them had already passed the test on Jiu Han’s side, but the old man still wanted to see more…
It was mainly Lu Ming.
Jiu Han had never seen someone so dedicated in his life…
On their way to escape, Lin Feng’s thoughts raced.
“Uncle Qing.”
He turned to the equally panicked butler and quickly asked, “Did Father leave any instructions?”
Uncle Qing thought for a moment and shook his head, “None, this incident happened too suddenly.”
Lin Feng asked again, “Then, did my father have any close friends who were at the quasi-divine level?”
Uncle Qing thought for a moment and said, “He did have a good friend, the City Lord of Pingye City in Wudong Province, Lord Feng Qixiao.”
Lin Feng hastily asked, “Can Uncle Feng help us to kill that villain, Jie Hai?”
Uncle Qing showed a hint of difficulty on his face.
A person’s death was like the extinguishing of a lamp.
Even though his Old Dad had a good relationship with Feng Qixiao when he was alive, at this moment, his Old Dad was already dead. Would Feng Qixiao really go against another expert of the same level for the sake of friendship?
That might not be the case…
Lin Feng was no fool. From Uncle Qing’s expression, Lin Feng could tell that Feng Qixiao might not be reliable. Nevertheless, after some thought, Lin Feng had made up his mind.
“Let’s go to Pingye City first.”
On the escape route, Lu Ming’s thoughts were also racing as he turned to Uncle Qing and asked,
“Is there a safe hiding place in the outside world?”
Uncle Qing thought for a moment and said, “Yes, Old Master had a secret residence in Tiandu when he was alive.”
Tiandu, the capital of the Eternal Clan.
As the city lord, his Old Dad had amassed an unimaginable amount of wealth, and even in the capital, he owned a large mansion.
Lu Ming asked further, “In Tiandu, did my father have any good friends or enemies?”
Uncle Qing shook his head, “None.”
“Alright, let’s go to Tiandu!”
Uncle Qing immediately nodded.
With his father’s death, Lu Ming had become the new lord.
However, he still could not help but ask, “About Old Master’s revenge…”
Lu Ming said righteously, “A gentleman’s revenge can wait ten years. I will handle the blood feud of my father personally!”
Uncle Qing did not say anything more.
The same situation led to completely different consequences and developments depending on their personalities.
Lin Feng brought his servants to Pingye City and sought refuge with Feng Qixiao. His intention was to use external forces to exact revenge.
On the other hand, Lu Ming brought his servants to Tiandu, choosing to bury his hatred deep in his heart.
It was hard to say which choice pleased Jiu Han more.
Jiu Han just looked at the two of them who had entered their dreams. He saw Lin Feng arrive at Pingye City, trying to persuade Lord Fei Qixiao with little success.
On the other hand, he saw Lu Ming arrive at Tiandu and immediately entered the cultivation room, dedicating himself to even more intense and profound cultivation.
“Mm—”
Jiu Han surrendered.
This time, Jiu Han truly lost his patience.
He could finally tell that Lu Ming’s train of thought was completely one-track…
Cultivate, then cultivate some more, and then cultivate again…. again…
He was really a cultivation machine…
Time in the dream world passed rapidly.
Compared to Lu Ming’s “cultivation, cultivation, and cultivation”, Lin Feng’s dream experience was undoubtedly more eventful.
He suffered setbacks with Feng Qixiao but refused to give up. On the one hand, he rooted himself at Pingye City, expanded his network, and strengthened his power while gathering information on Jie Hai, seeking out Jie Hai’s enemies, and exploring Jie Hai’s weaknesses.
The various hardships he endured during this period were beyond words.
However, Lin Feng only stuck to his heart and displayed the strong and intelligent side of his personality. He benefited from many factions, and the strength of the factions steadily advanced.
Jiu Han accelerated the passage of time in the dream world.
At the same time, Jiu Han released the Divine Source to nourish the souls of the two of them, who had fallen into exhaustion from dreaming for a long time, to ensure that the long dream experience would not harm them.
And so, in the external world, only about ten minutes had passed, but in the dream world, hundreds of years had flown by.
Watching the vastly different outcomes of the two individuals, Jiu Han sighed softly.
“I’m really convinced…”
In Lin Feng’s dream examination hall world.
Today, the City Lord of Pingye City: Lin Feng officially declared war on the City Lord of Xuanshui City: Jie Hai!
The purpose of the war was to seek revenge!
The outside world generally thought highly of Jie Hai.
This was because Jie Hai was a quasi-divine level expert, while Lin Feng was only at the middle stage of the Ancient Realm. He even had many tricks up his sleeve to become the City Lord of Pingye City.
The outside world even had such speculations.
The death of Feng Qixiao several decades ago might have been caused by Lin Feng.
Standing at the highest point of the Lord’s Mansion in Pingye City, Lin Feng was filled with determination.
Endless thoughts swirled in his mind.
“The four city lords around Xuanshui City have long been dissatisfied with the domineering and tyrannical nature of Jie Hai. Taking action this time, they will be a great help to me.”
“However, 1 can’t place all my hopes on the four City Lords. I’ve already established a connection with the Crown Prince, and if necessary, I can request the assistance of two quasi-divine members of the royal family.”.
“And with the quasi-divine brother I’ve befriended…”
Muttering to himself, Lin Feng subconsciously clenched his fists.
“This time, it’s settled!!”
However, in the blink of an eye, Lin Feng felt the surrounding scene suddenly blur.
As his thoughts drifted, real and not illusory memories began to surface continuously in his mind.
This left Lin Feng in a state of confusion.
However, under the protection of the Divine Source, his thoughts did not become chaotic, leading to mental issues.
Very soon, the surrounding scene was completely overturned.
Lin Feng actually returned to reality from the dream examination hall.
The memories from the dream remained vivid and clear, thanks to Jiu Han’s methods.
This made Lin Feng involuntarily blush.
After some thought, he sighed, saying, “It’s a pity that if I could have stayed for a few more decades, I would have ensured that Jie Hai met a gruesome end!”
Lin Feng’s experience in the dream was indeed quite legendary.
His family was in decline, and he had a formidable quasi-divine enemy.
However, he had nearly achieved his revenge through his own means!
If he could give himself a score, Lin Feng would give himself a perfect score!
He then looked at Lu Ming beside him and saw Lu Ming remained calm, with no discernible expression.
Lin Feng could not help but smile and say, “Junior Brother… well, you’re younger than me, so I’ll take advantage of that and call you junior brother.”
After Lu Ming nodded, he heard Lin Feng continued, “The difficulty of this dream realm assessment is indeed not small. Junior brother, how far have you progressed?”
Lin Feng did not believe that Lu Ming could do better than him.
Before Lu Ming could respond, a figure flashed from not far away and Jiu Han’s figure appeared in front of the two of them.
After the two of them greeted Jiu Han in unison, they noticed that Jiu Han was staring at Lu Ming intently.
After a long while, Jiu Han heaved a sigh of relief and said, “Tell me about your thought process for the examination..”


CHAPTER-309
Chapter 309: This Disciple Is Too Simple

Lin Feng, feeling confident in his performance, took the initiative and quickly spoke up.
“If I’m not wrong, my junior brother’s and my assessment should be different from ordinary candidates.”
Upon hearing this, Jiu Han did not say anything, so Lin Feng continued, “In my opinion, the entire dream realm assessment should be divided into two stages. The first stage is a month before and after the quasi-god battle. This stage is what ordinary candidates should experience.”
“At this stage, the examination is mainly about the temperament of the candidates. As long as they’re not completely evil or solely seeking pleasure, it shouldn’t be a problem for them to pass.”
“However, the subsequent phase is likely the unique assessment for junior brother and me, given our family’s decline and the deep enmity with Jie Hai.”
After Lin Feng finished explaining, Jiu Han nodded slightly.
“Yes, you’re right.”
Lin Feng smiled, as if he had everything under control, and he continued, “The first-stage of the assessment is actually not difficult. To me and Junior Brother, the difficulty should be in the second stage of the assessment.”
“After inheriting the techniques, it’s only two months between seeking revenge for our family and avenging ourselves. This amount of time is simply insufficient for us to gain enough power.”
“Therefore, when facing a quasi-divine-level enemy like Jie Hai, how to survive and exact our revenge has become the focus of the second-stage of the assessment.”
“My train of thought is like this…”
Lin Feng’s logic was clear as he explained.
“Since he’s a quasi-divine level expert, Jie Hai must have his own enemies.”
“In addition to the connections my father left behind, I obtained a crucial piece of information from Uncle Fei Qixiao—Jie Hai has a vendetta against the Crown Prince.”
“Starting from there, I think that seeking protection from Uncle Fei Qixiao while secretly accumulating power and leveraging my relationship with the Crown Prince would enable us to exact revenge on Jie Hai when our power is sufficient!”
Recalling his experience in the dream examination hall, Lin Feng sighed leisurely, filled with vicissitudes.
“It took hundreds of years, but I have finally seen the possibility of revenge! It’s a shame that if my teacher had given me three to five more years, 1 could have easily handled Jie Hai.”
Hearing Lin Feng’s words, Jiu Han smiled gently and said, “You’ve indeed done well. You can even be said to be perfect…”
Lin Feng displayed his tenacity and scheming in the dream examination hall!
Though he had done some unsavory things, it was only out of necessity to achieve his goal of revenge.
Generally speaking, not only did Lin Feng have great luck, but he also had great courage and ability!
Jiuhan’s praise made Lin Feng smile brightly. He bent down, lowered his head, and said respectfully, “Teacher, you flatter me.”
Humility!
On this occasion, Lin Feng had to be humble!
Then, Jiu Han turned his gaze toward Lu Ming.
Jiu Han said in a complicated tone, “What about you, Lu Ming? What exactly are you thinking?”
After Jiu Han finished speaking, Lin Feng still lowered his head, but he subconsciously pricked up his ears and focused his attention on Lu Ming.
He was indeed very curious about Lu Ming’s performance.
Although he would definitely not perform better than him…
However, Lu Ming’s words stunned Lin Feng on the spot.
“I don’t really have any thoughts.”
“Cultivating and then killing the enemy with your own hands is nothing more than such a simple process…”
With that said, Lu Ming pondered for a moment and said in realization, “Senior Brother Lin has said so much, and he’s thinking about it in such detail. It’s only now that I realize there are so many aspects to this assessment.”
“But 1 don’t think any of this matters…”
Lin Feng was left momentarily stunned, and he reacted as if someone had stepped on his tail. “It doesn’t matter? How can you say that all of this doesn’t matter!?”
His family had fallen, and he had a quasi-divine-level enemy!
To complete revenge as a profligate son was almost an unachievable goal!
How much effort have I, Lin Feng, put into all of this? How did it become meaningless in Lu Ming’s perspective?
Perhaps sensing that he was a little agitated, Lin Feng hurriedly took a deep breath and said to Lu Ming in an experienced tone, “Junior brother, our views are completely opposite… I believe this assessment is very meaningful!”
“The examination hall that Teacher prepared for us not only tested our temperament, but also our abilities and methods.”
“Junior Brother, consider this. What’s our starting point in the examination hall? We’re profligate sons! We don’t have any cultivation to begin with.”
“To exact revenge against a quasi-divine expert, given our family’s decline, we need so much…,”
With that said, Lin Feng still felt depressed and subconsciously said with an indignant tone, “Why? Could it be that you think this matter is really very simple, Junior Brother?”
Lu Ming scratched his head and looked at Lin Feng, “Yes, it’s very simple…”
Lin Feng raised an eyebrow, “What did you say?”
“I said, isn’t it just revenge? It’s very simple…”
“When I came out, 1 had already killed Jie Hai. What? Senior Brother, you haven’t killed Jie Hai yet?”
“Ah… Huh?”
Lin Feng’s mouth dropped open involuntarily….
Lu Ming frowned and said, “Then Senior Brother, you didn’t pass this assessment… You didn’t even fight the boss at the bottom. How can you be considered to have passed?”
Lin Feng looked at Lu Ming in a daze and saw that Lu Ming ignored him and turned to look at Jiu Han.
“My train of thought is actually very simple.”
“Master, the starting point you gave us was too high. This time’s assessment was not difficult at all…”
“First of all, the innate talents of our bodies in the dream examination hall were quite exaggerated. Although they may be slightly inferior to my actual self, they can still be considered rare geniuses…”
“Then, you even arranged a segment for us to choose cultivation techniques. In that segment, I selected the Foundation-Building Technique, which has greater future potential.”
“This cultivation technique is also very interesting. It cultivates both source power and physique. Moreover, if one cultivates it to the highest level, one can reach the quasi-divine level… It should be my Old Dad’s primary cultivation technique.”
“Lastly, there’s the problem of cultivation resources.”
“Although our family was wiped out by Jie Hai, the resources and wealth left behind by my Old Dad are a considerable amount… There are several secret treasure vaults, and the resources within are enough to help me advance to the quasi-divine level.”
At this point, Lu Ming glanced at Lin Feng and then at Jiuhan.
“Good aptitude, sufficient resources, and cultivation techniques. All that’s left is a matter of time.”
“Cultivate and enter seclusion. After I become a quasi-divine level expert, I’ll come out of seclusion to kill and seek revenge. That’s the end of it…”
Having said that, Lu Ming looked at Lin Feng, who was dumbfounded.
“Why do you make this assessment sound so difficult? I actually find it quite simple. It’s just a matter of secluding yourself for 386 years…”
“It’s just a pity…” Lu Ming sighed. “The physical fitness in the dream was slightly inferior to my actual self.. Otherwise, I would not have needed a hundred years to turn Jie Hai into ashes…”


CHAPTER-310
Chapter 310: This Disciple Is Too Simple (2)

Lin Feng’s face had turned deathly pale.
Looking at Lu Ming’s calm and composed expression, Lin Feng’s lips trembled, and he was speechless for a long time.
He looked at Jiu Han again and saw that the way Jiu Han looked at Lu Ming was filled with complexity… admiration!
Lin Feng’s heart sank immediately.
He probed, “Teacher, is what Junior Brother said true?”
Jiu Han nodded gently, “It’s true…”
“He killed Jie Hai?”
“With his own hands…”
“386 years?”
“No, it’s 385 years and 3 months… The time you both experienced in the dream realm is the same.”
Lin Feng felt his head buzz, as if it had been hit by a heavy hammer.
“This is impossible!”
How could someone reach quasi-divine level in just 386 years of cultivation?!”
“This doesn’t make sense!!”
Lu Ming asked, “Don’t you think that the body in the dream realm has exceptional talent?”
Lin Feng’s face turned red.
Yes, the body in the dream realm had exceptional talent… but Lin Feng felt that reaching quasi-divine level was still a distant goal…
He had not been lazy in cultivation every day. However, at the end of the assessment, his strength had only reached the fourth level of the Ancient Realm.
He continued, “Even so, it’s impossible for him to cultivate to the quasi-divine level in just a few hundred years!”
This time, Lu Ming did not respond. Instead, Jiu Han spoke, “It’s possible.”
“If it were an ordinary person, then, it definitely wouldn’t be possible… but my disciple, Lu Ming, can do it…”
At this point, Jiu Han had a look on his face that seemed to say, “I can’t believe it either.”
He finally could not hold back and asked, “You cultivated for 16 hours a day, aren’t you tired? Aren’t you fatigued?”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and replied, “I do get a bit tired and fatigued, but I can’t slack off when I haven’t taken revenge yet.”
Jiu Han asked again, “You didn’t rest a day in 386 years and didn’t leave the house for a day, to enjoy the scenery, or experienced love and affection. Don’t you find it boring?”
Upon hearing this, Lu Mingyun became enthusiastic.
His expression brightened, “Not at all boring.”
“My Father left behind many cultivation techniques and secret skills, as well as many resources for cultivation.”
“In the dream realm, there are no bottlenecks for candidates from the mortal realm to the quasi-divine level.”
“Since I know that I can reach the quasi-divine level, it’s like having a goal. With abundant resources, I can also feel my own growth every day. I can’t think of anything more joyful.”
Jiu Han opened his mouth, not knowing how to describe Lu Ming.
After a long time, Jiu Han did not know how to react but just asked, “Aren’t you just a cultivation machine?”
Lu Ming countered, “What’s wrong with being a cultivation machine?”
“Being a cultivation machine means no troubles or trivial matters to worry about. It means abundant resources without the need to go on risky adventures, and It means having sufficient security.”
“I won’t go looking for trouble for no reason.”
“With my personality and temper, I don’t care much about the outside world.”
“What else can I do if 1 don’t cultivate?”
“Go on adventures? That’s too risky.”
“Stir up trouble for no reason? Isn’t that being foolish?”
This conversation left Jiu Han and Lin Feng speechless…
A moment later, Jiu Han smiled and said, “You’re right. The path of cultivation is endless. When will you ever reach a limit with your cultivation?”
Lu Ming raised an eyebrow, “Being invincible is the end… First, one has to cultivate to be invincible before thinking about the next plan. If one is not invincible, why bother thinking about anything else? Isn’t this getting upset over nothing?”
Jiu Han,”…”
At this point, Lin Feng finally came back to his senses. He said in a sarcastic tone, “Can you be even stronger than a god? As the saying goes, there is always someone who is stronger than another, being invincible in the world is too far-fetched…”
The sarcasm in these words showed that Lin Feng was eaten up with jealousy…
Lu Ming directly retorted, “Even gods had to start from scratch in their cultivation. Besides, if being invincible in the world is too distant, then there’s no need to consider anything else. Just focus on cultivation and that’s it.”
Lin Feng opened his mouth.
He had so many rebuttals to state…
Facing ordinary people, he could still refute. However, facing someone strange like Lu Ming, who practiced tirelessly for 386 years, training eight hours a day without rest, his counterarguments had become a joke.
Jiu Han then looked at Lu Ming solemnly.
After a long pause, he said, “Your talent is truly rare in the world.”
“Your hard work is enough to make anyone admit defeat.”
Although Jiu Han felt that Lu Ming was a little too much.
He was too simple…
But the combination of a talent freak and a hard worker monster…
He had never seen such perfect material for a transcendent being!
He hadn’t even thought that he could have such a disciple!
So perfect that Jiu Han could not find words or expressions to describe the joy in his heart right now!
He could only let out a long sigh involuntarily, “Your future is limitless.”
“Come to the Boshi Tower tomorrow morning to see me. 1 will take a day to consider how to nurture you…”
With that said, Jiu Han turned around and left.
It was not until he had walked far away that Jiu Han thought of something.
Turning around to look at the stunned Lin Feng, Jiu Flan said gently, “You should come tomorrow morning as well.”
Jiu Han left.
Only Lu Ming, Lin Feng, and the others remained.
Watching Jiu Han walk away, Lu Ming scratched his head.
Then, he turned to Jiang Weiquan, saying, “Senior Brother…”
Jiang Weiquan smiled warmly, “Don’t call me senior brother. I’m not qualified to be the Palace Master’s disciple… Just call me Teacher Jiang.”
“Alright, Teacher Jiang.” After changing the way he addressed him, Lu Ming said, “I wonder if there’s accommodation on our campus.”
Jiang Weiquan was stunned, “Didn’t you book a room in the hotel outside?”
Lu Ming replied sincerely, “I just offended a Divine Spirit Realm expert. I’m a little flustered not being by Teacher’s side… Being closer to Teacher would be good…”
Jiang Weiquan wanted to say that there was no danger for him to stay outside and that his teacher could watch over him… However, when he saw Lu Ming’s sincere and earnest gaze, Jiang Weiquan nodded and said, “We should have waited a few more days to handle the enrollment procedures collectively, but since Student Lu Ming wants it, our academy will definitely help you solve the problem.”
“How about 1 arrange a room for Student Lu right at the foot of Boshi Tower?”
Lu Ming immediately smiled, “Thank you, Teacher Jiang.”
Just as he was about to leave with Quan Chao and Jiang Weiquan, Lin Feng’s voice sounded from behind.
“Junior Brother, wait a moment.”
Lu Ming turned to see Lin Feng approaching with a smiling face.
“Junior Brother.”
“Senior Brother.”
“The words and actions of Junior brother just now greatly impressed me. Do you have some free time tonight? How about we have a drink together?”
Lin Feng’s expression was friendly and cordial…
But Lu Ming shook his head and said, “I’m sorry, I don’t have time. 1 need to focus on my cultivation tonight.”
“How about next time?”
Lin Feng’s smile froze for a moment. Then, he quickly nodded, “Sure, another time then. Definitely!”
As soon as he finished speaking, Lu Ming had already turned around and left.
Looking at Lu Ming’s back, Lin Feng’s eyes twitched, and he seemed to be deep in thought.
And as Lu Ming had turned away, he changed his previous naive appearance and a shrewd gleam flashed in his eyes.
“This Lin Feng, something’s not right..”


CHAPTER-311
Chapter 311: Lin Feng

It was not that Lu Ming had noticed any big problems.
It was mainly because he had a lingering feeling that something was off with Lin Feng. He felt that Lin Feng was hypocritical…
In short, it gave Lu Ming a sense of unease.
However, upon closer reflection, Lu Ming thought he might be overly suspicious.
Since Lin Feng could pass the temperament test, it meant that even if he had some issues, they might not be significant, at least not in the eyes of Jiu Han.
“It’s better to have less interaction with him.”
Lu Ming was not a social butterfly and did not need many friends. In fact, not having friends was preferable to him. So, he decided to stop thinking too deeply about what secrets Lin Feng might have or what kind of person he was.
‘It has nothing to do with me.’
He followed Jiang Weiquan to the Boshi Tower.
At the base of the tower, there were a few rows of standalone courtyards arranged in order, in a beautiful and serene setting.
“What do you think of courtyard number 54, Student Lu?” Jiang Weiquan asked.
Jiang Weiquan pointed at the courtyard number 54. Lu Ming asked, “Is this the place for students to stay?”
Jiang Weiquan smiled faintly, “It’s indeed for students, but not for ordinary students… In short, you don’t have to think too much about these things. Just tell me if you’re satisfied or not.”
Lu Ming immediately nodded, “I’m definitely satisfied.”
The accommodation issue was thus resolved.
Next up was the cultivation and waiting for Jiu Han’s teaching session the following day.
As he watched Lu Ming walk away, Lin Feng took a deep breath.
A refreshing smile appeared on his face. Soon, he left the examination hall and even left the Three Elements Academy.
He walked into a hotel, went to his reserved room, took a shower, and rested for a while. Eventually, he lay on the couch, and unconsciously, he drifted into a dream…
His consciousness began to blur and he sank as if he had fallen into an abyss.
Soon, in his dream, Lin Feng suddenly opened his eyes.
In front of him, he could see a half-human-high crimson pupil hidden in the shadows. Within those crimson eyes, there was a tall and strong figure whose face could not be clearly seen, standing quietly.
This made Lin Feng take a deep breath. Then, he lowered his head respectfully and said, “Master.”
“Hmph.”
The figure in the crimson eyes made a low sound.
“How did the assessment go?”
“I passed it smoothly, and 1 have to thank Teacher for the Source Dream Power. Otherwise, 1 wouldn’t have been confident enough to pass the temperament assessment.”
The temperament assessment did not just test on the candidates’ temperament. The Crystal Pillar also had the ability to detect hostility intent. If there were spies from the external factions trying to infiltrate the Three Elements Academy, the temperament assessment served as an insurmountable barrier for them.
For a long time, the Three Elements Academy and even the Hundred Schools of Philosophy had used this move to screen out countless secret agents. However, in this world, there was no perfect method.
Especially after the appearance of a mutant some time ago that specialized in the dream system…
After Lin Feng finished speaking, he hesitated for a moment and added, “However, even though I’m a lucky seedling and have retained my original memories in the dream realm assessment, I’m only an in-name disciple and not Jiu Han’s personal disciple.”
The figure in the crimson eyes said, “An in-name disciple is already not bad.
Old Jiu Han has long stopped accepting personal disciples.”
Lin Feng continued, “However, Master, Old Jiu Han made an exception this time. He accepted a guy called Lu Ming as his personal disciple…”
“Oh—”
The figure in the crimson eyes expressed its astonishment. After thinking for a moment, he said, “Tell me in detail about that person’s characteristics.”
Lin Feng then proceeded to describe the events that had taken place.
Soon, Lin Feng finished speaking, and the figure in the crimson eyes fell into deep thought.
A moment later, he chuckled softly, “This person is quite interesting. Old Jiu Han has really struck gold this time. It’s not your fault that you can’t compare to him because you truly can’t compare to him…”
Lin Feng,”…”
“But there’s one thing you’re better at,” the figure in the crimson eyes said softly, “You’re on the right side, while he chose the wrong side.”
“This has already determined the outcome of the two of you… After all, a dead genius can never be a true genius.”
Lin Feng’s face lit up, “1 appreciate your guidance, Master.”
The figure in the crimson eyes waved his hand, “It’s not so much guidance as 1 have my own plans for taking you in as my disciple.”
“And your most important task now is to stay hidden around Jiu Han and not give yourself away. When we, the subversives, attack the Hundred Schools of Philosophy, you might be able to play an important role.”
Lin Feng nodded again, “I won’t let Master down.”
The figure in the crimson eyes continued, “You can enter the dream and contact me at any time if you lack anything or need assistance. However, you must not enter the dream within the Boshi Tower. It’s easy for Old Jiuhan to see through it.”
Lin Feng responded, “Understood, Master.”
“By the way, there’s one more thing. You mentioned that Lu Ming used a communication token to insult a Divine Spirit Realm expert from the subversives, right?”
“Yes, that’s correct.”
“Hmm, find an opportunity to lure him out of the Hundred Schools of Philosophy, and someone will kill him. This will not only eliminate a competitor but also give you all the credit for it. It will be a way for me to pave the path for you within the organization when you do a favor for the Spirit Realm experts in the organization.”
A ferocious glint flashed in Lin Feng’s eyes.
If Lu Ming were to die, his days beside Jiu Han would be much easier.
“I will definitely handle this matter well and not reveal any flaws.”
It was a good night of sweet dreams.
Early the next morning, Lu Ming arrived at the Boshi Tower and saw Lin Feng waiting there.
Lin Feng still had that same smiling face, but Lu Ming could not help feeling that it seemed insincere.
As a result, their conversation was limited to Lin Feng speaking and Lu Ming listening. Lin Feng’s words were dry and lacked substance, and Lu Ming’s responses were equally dry and unenthusiastic.
After a few minutes of such communication, Lin Feng decided not to push further and simply stood by Lu Ming’s side, not too close, not too far, waiting in silence.
Around 8 o’clock in the morning, accompanied by a thunderous noise, the two large doors of the Boshi Tower opened with a resounding crash.
Jiu Han’s voice came from inside.
“Come in.”
When Lu Ming and Lin Feng heard this, they walked into the Boshi Tower.
Boshi Tower was over a thousand meters high and was the tallest building in the entire Xuanshui City.
This place was the residence of Jiu Han, a Divine Spirit Realm expert. The interior was personally designed by him, with all the runic arrays personally created by Jiu Han himself.
There were rumors in the outside world that Boshi Tower was a divine artifact in the hands of Jiu Han.
While this claim lacked concrete evidence, it indirectly confirmed that the Boshi Tower was not an ordinary structure.
As soon as they entered the Boshi Tower, a dense spatial power enveloped Lu Ming and Lin Feng. This spatial power contained a trace of Divine Source, rendering the two of them unable to resist. They could only be wrapped up and teleported to an unknown place.
When the two of them stabilized themselves again, they had already arrived at an indoor space that looked like a classroom. Jiu Han was holding a teaching stick and standing in front of the two of them with his hands behind his back..


CHAPTER-312
Chapter 312: Teaching and Learning

“Take your seats.”
As soon as Jiu Han spoke, Lu Ming and Lin Feng sat on the chairs behind them.
At this moment, both of them sat up straight, resembling how Lu Ming used to be a diligent student in his school days.straightened their backs, looking like Lu Ming was listening attentively to class in his school days.
Seeing that both of them were seated, Jiu Han continued.
“We can skip the formalities of the disciple recruitment ceremony. I’m a rather casual person. Since the two of you have become my disciples, there’s no need to be overly formal in front of me.”
“Anyway, we will start the first lesson right away.”
After speaking, Jiu Han casually leaned against the podium and looked at his two new disciples below.
“I’ve observed your temperament assessment throughout, and I have a good understanding of your personalities and temperaments.”
“So, let me briefly explain my approach to your training.”
With that said, Jiu Han first turned his gaze towards Lin Feng.
“As a Lucky Child, your approach is quite flexible, and your methods are exceptionally clever. A person like you is not suited to stay within a traditional academy and receive conventional education. Instead, you are more suitable for going out into the world, gaining experience, encountering new things, and seeking opportunities continually.”
The Lucky Child was favored by the Supreme God, and his talent was quite exceptional.
In any fortuitous encounter involving a Lucky Child, he usually acquires about 80-90% of the benefits.
For such individuals, the best way to cultivate was to roam… as long as they did not die, they’ll grow rapidly.
He grew stronger as he roamed around, and the speed was very fast.
Honestly, from Jiu Han’s perspective, there was no need for Lin Feng, the Lucky Child, to join the Three Elements Academy… If he was outside, roaming the world, his growth speed might be far faster than joining the academy.
However, since he was here, then so be it…
Seeing Lin Feng nod, Jiu Han turned his attention to Lu Ming.
“As for you… you can cultivate in seclusion right by my side.”
In contrast, Jiu Han’s plan for Lu Ming was much simpler.
“Stay put, don’t roam around, and focus on cultivating in seclusion right here by my side.”
That’s it!
Lu Ming readily nodded, his face showing a hint of delight.
This was exactly what he preferred.
“However…” Jiu Han’s tone shifted, “This is my arrangement for both of you, but it may not necessarily be what you truly want.”
“So the following questions are crucial.”
“Are you satisfied with my arrangements?”
“And what do you want to learn from me?”
Lu Ming could not help but raise his hand and asked, “Teacher, what can you teach us?”
Jiu Han smiled slightly, a touch of pride in his expression, “Anything!”
“I can teach you any cultivation technique, any secret technique, anything that can make you stronger, or even anything you wish to learn!”
“So, the focus is on your own desires.”
Lu Ming and Lin Feng fell into deep thought.
After a long time, Lin Feng was the first to speak. “Teacher, 1 don’t want to go out and gain experience in the short term.”
Jiu Han nodded. “Okay.”
“What I want to learn is the path of Array Formations.”
Jiu Han nodded again. “Okay!”
The path of array formations was vast and profound and had a wide range of applications. While the best way to cultivate for a Lucky Child like Lin Ming was to gain experience outside, if he wished to learn array formations, it might be better for him to stay at the Boshi Tower for a while and then venture out once he has achieved proficiency in array formations.
After sharing his desires, Lin Feng did not say anything else.
Jiu Han then turned to Lu Ming.
“What about you? What do you want to learn?”
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming said, “1 would like to start by asking you to help me clarify some doubts, Teacher.”
Jiu Han nodded. “Go ahead.”
“The only way to reach the Divine Spirit Realm is through the Heavenly Ascension Stairs, right?
Jiu Han immediately nodded. “Yes, that’s the only way.”
“In that case, Teacher, the only ones who can contend with the powerful beings of the Divine Realm are other Divine Realm experts, is that correct?”
This time, Jiu Han remained silent.
He pondered briefly and said, “What you said is correct, but it’s not absolutely correct.”
“The strength of a Divine Spirit Realm expert completely crushes the Ancient Realm and even the Quasi-God Realm. However, there has been a precedent of non-divine beings killing divine beings in the Black Mist Zone.”
Lu Ming added, “Were they using some kind of trick?”
“No, it was through direct combat and achieving victory.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Jiu Han squinted his eyes, making it impossible to see the spirit in his eyes.
He looked at Lu Ming solemnly and asked, “Is this what you want to learn?”
Lu Ming nodded. “Yes. Teacher, can you teach me?”
Jiu Han also nodded. “I can teach you.”
“But the problem is, if you want to defeat Divine Realm beings with a
non-Divine Realm body, you’ll have to sacrifice much more than participating in the Ascension to the Heavenly Stairs. The cost-effectiveness of this path is quite low. Even so, are you still willing?”
Lu Ming decisively. “1 am willing.”
Of course, Lu Ming was willing.
In any case, he was cultivating and becoming stronger.
It was all about cultivation and becoming stronger. Even if the worst-case scenario occurred, Ming could still participate in the Heaven Ascension Stairs and the path to godhood is secured. So what did he have to fear?
And if… if…
He could gain strength that matched or even surpassed Divine Realm beings before the Heaven Ascension Stairs opened…
Then wouldn’t it be perfect if he went directly to take revenge on Moon Fiend?
In any case, the sooner he took revenge, the better. If he had to wait until he stepped onto the Heaven Ascension Stairs, Lu Meng would have to wait for a long, long time.
This time, Jiu Han remained silent, and it was only after a long while that he spoke again.
“Well, In that case, I have a rough idea of what you two want.”
“We’ll stay at Boshi Tower for the time being this morning. In the afternoon, we’ll immediately begin the first formal lesson.”
Both Lu Ming and Lin Feng nodded in agreement.
Once again, they felt the surge of spatial energy.
Their vision blurred for a moment, and when they stabilized themselves, they found themselves in a place filled with the sounds of birds and the fragrance of flowers.
Ahead, two young boys approached them, and upon seeing Lu Ming and Lin Ming, they greeted them in unison, saying, “Greetings, senior brothers.”
Lin Feng raised an eyebrow and asked, “Who are you?”
One of the boys smiled and replied, “We were once stubborn stones in the mountains, but Teacher transformed us into spirits. So we willingly serve by Teacher’s side.”
The other boy added, “Teacher has already sent a message to us just now. Both of you senior brothers will stay here for now and await Teacher’s instruction.”
“If you have any needs such as food or resources for cultivation, feel free to ask us.”
After speaking, the two boys positioned themselves on either side, apparently one assigned to each of them.
Seeing this, Lin Feng cupped his hands at Lu Ming and said, “Junior Brother, I’ll see you in the afternoon.”
“Alright, see you this afternoon.”
With that said, they each followed one of the boys and left.
“My name is Lu Ming. What’s yours?”
As Lu Ming spoke, the boy beside him replied respectfully, “My name is Yan.
Senior Brother, just call me Yan.”
Yan was a mischievous stone spirit. He had the appearance of a young boy with rosy lips and white teeth, looking to be around seven or eight years old.
Lu Ming thought for a moment and asked, “Is this place also within the Boshi Tower?”
Yan nodded, “Yes, Senior Brother.”
“The Boshi Tower is Teacher’s auxiliary divine weapon, and It can change in size. Even 1 and Shi don’t know how large its internal space is.”
Shi was the boy accompanying Lin Feng.
After these questions, Lu Ming fell silent, simply following Yan until they arrived at a standalone small courtyard.
The courtyard was about 1,000 square meters in size, complete with a house and a garden.
Surrounding the courtyard was a lush green meadow, offering beautiful and tranquil scenery.
Yan continued, “This is the residence Master arranged for Senior Brother. i’ll stay by Senior Brother’s side and take care of your daily needs.”
When Lu Ming heard this, he smiled gently and said, “Thank you in advance,
Junior Brother..”


CHAPTER-313
Chapter 313: Devour

The importance of a safe and stable environment for Lu Ming could not be overstated.
And the Boshi Tower was a perfect fit for all of Lu Ming’s needs.
It was a divine artifact in itself, with Jiu Han, a Divine Spirit Realm expert guarding it, and he was also his teacher.
Resources were abundant, and there were people to take care of his daily needs.
After thinking about it, Lu Ming believed that this place might be the best training ground for him – the conditions were even better than his family home in Nanxiang City.
“Yan?”
Lu Ming had just spoken, Yan’s figure appeared next to him out of thin air.
“Senior Brother, why did you call me?”
“I need some Flamestones. Do you have them here?”
Yan smiled and said, “We have plenty of Flamestones.”
The Three Elements Academy naturally did not lack Flamestones which were a cheap commodity. They might not be available in the Boshi Tower, but that was only because these things were too common and took up space in the Boshi Tower.
In less than ten minutes, Yan brought over more than a ton of Flamestones.
Together with Yan, they spread the Flamestones on the ground, and Lu Ming sat cross-legged, and entered the void space.
In another private residence.
Lin Feng was about to rest and prepare for the afternoon formal lesson when he suddenly thought of something.
He turned to look at Shi.
“Junior Brother, do you know what Junior Brother Lu Ming is doing now?”
“Of course I know,” the child-like Shi replied. Then, he said, “Brother Yan said that Senior Brother Lu has already begun to enter seclusion to cultivate.”
Lin Feng could not help but gasp…
He inexplicably felt very pressured.
Just think about it, the two of them had entered the academy school at the same time and became the disciples of the same teacher. As for teachers, they naturally favored diligent and outstanding students.
Lu Ming already had better talent than him and worked even harder, which meant Lu Ming would undoubtedly receive more attention from Jiu Han, potentially leaving him neglected.
This was not conducive to his mission.
And it was the root of why Lin Feng wanted to get rid of Lu Ming.
After thinking it over, Lin Feng could not help but sigh.
“I need some Cold Jade for my cultivation.”
Shi nodded and went to fetch it, leaving Lin Feng alone in the room, feeling depressed…
His innate talent for source power skill was not great, and his main advantage lay in his mysterious luck.
To be honest, making Lin Feng cultivate diligently was less effective than letting him venture outside. Cultivating in seclusion was not the best use of his time and effort….
But what can 1 do?
What choice do I have?
As the saying went, there was no harm without comparison. Lu Ming was diligently cultivating while Lin Feng had nothing to do. Wouldn’t this make him seem very useless and lacking in ambition?
His body trembled involuntarily.
Lin Feng vaguely sensed the horrors of competition within….
At this moment, with three to four hours before the afternoon. Lu Ming would not waste this time.
The moment he entered the void space, Lu Ming immediately began his cultivation.
Body forging technique, Body Protective technique, Source Power skill…
For Lu Ming, three to four hours in the outside world equated to more than three days!
Simultaneously with Lu Ming’s cultivation, his body began spontaneously absorbing the surrounding Source Power and even other mysterious substances.
A faint light bloomed from the system interface, but Lu Ming was too absorbed in his cultivation to pay much attention.
Little did he know that every single one of these events was being closely observed by Jiu Han.
On another floor of the Boshi Tower.
Jiu Han was organizing teaching materials, contemplating his teaching plans for his two disciples, and observing their every move.
Lin Feng was just an addition, but the real focus was on Lu Ming.
When Jiu Han saw Lu Ming immediately enter a state of cultivation as soon as he went to his room, Jiu Han smiled and was quite satisfied with Lu Ming’s dedication…
Although Lu Ming’s level of hard work surprised Jiu Han and even shocked him, it would be unreasonable to say that Jiu Han did not like this hardworking person.
Even a student without great talent but willing to put in the effort would be appreciated by a teacher. Moreover, Lu Ming had exceptional talent and was working diligently… To be honest, Jiu Han did not dare to imagine how far Lu Ming would go in the future.
Jiu Han’s attention shifted to Lin Feng.
When he saw Lin Feng also immersing himself in cultivation like Lu Ming, Jiu Han stroked his beard and smiled, very satisfied.
“Although the growth of the Lucky Child doesn’t depend much on diligence, hard work is always a good thing. Moreover, the path of array formations requires dedicated studies and diligent practice, and it won’t hurt you to work harder…”
After muttering this, Jiu Han suddenly frowned.
Jiu Han focused his attention on Lu Ming again and vaguely saw some problems with Lu Ming.
First was the Void Realm.
Previously, Jiu Han had not investigated this ability in detail and had ignored it. At this moment, with a simple look, Jiu Han immediately understood Lu Ming’s cultivation method.
“Using time-type abilities to accelerate cultivation… This method has both pros and cons.”
The advantage was that such a growth method was clearly very fast.
The disadvantage was that no one could endure a long seclusion and long loneliness.
However, this was clearly not a problem for Lu Ming.
“This ability is a perfect match for this disciple of mine.”
“Therefore, I have to think of a way to make your ability stronger.”
After a simple thought, seven or eight methods appeared in Jiu Han’s mind.
However, Jiu Han did not prioritize this matter. Instead, he stared at Lu Ming with a burning gaze. A moment later, he suddenly gasped.
“What kind of constitution is this!?”
He could clearly see that as Lu Ming began his cultivation, a large amount of source power crazily poured into Lu Ming’s body.
This source power, after being transformed into cell nutrients by the body forging techniques, strengthened Lu Ming’s physique once again.
However, this was not the main point!
The crucial aspect was that with the influx of source power, more exotic energies seemed to be attracted to Lu Ming, and he effortlessly digested and absorbed them.
This included… spatial energy and time energy.
And even the essence of Divine Source!
The Boshi Tower was a divine artifact, and the so-called divine artifact was an instrument forged by the gods and infused with the essence of Divine Source!
Moreover, Jiu Han was one of the few renowned scholars in the world.
He was well-versed in various disciplines such as refining weapons, array formations, alchemy, and more. He knew almost everything and was a master of everything!
This also meant that within the Boshi Tower, not only the essence of Divine Source was present, but more various chaotic array formations and corresponding energies—such as spatial energy and time energy.
Watching Lu Ming, who seemed to devour everything like a black hole, Jiu Han fell into a prolonged silence.
At this moment, Lu Ming’s state reminded Jiu Han of a unique physique, Devouring Physique.
This physique could devour everything and transform them into whatever it needed.
However, the only problem was that even a Devouring Physique would not be able to digest and absorb the essence of Divine Source!
A golden light involuntarily bloomed from Jiu Han’s eyes.
He continued to scrutinize Lu Ming, attempting to gain a deep understanding of him inside and out.
After a long time, Jiu Han muttered to himself.
“If it’s not a Devouring Physique… then what is it?”
“What kind of monster is this disciple of mine?”
“I can’t comprehend it…”


CHAPTER-314
Chapter 314: Method

Three to four hours passed in a flash.
in the afternoon, Van woke Lu Ming up ahead of time. After Lu Ming had lunch, he followed Yan to the door of the courtyard.
At this moment, the courtyard door was closed. Standing in front of the door, Yan’s voice entered Lu Ming’s ears.
“Senior Brother, open this door and you will be able to go to Teacher s place.”
Stepping forward to open the gate, a swirling vortex-like virtual image appeared before Lu Ming’s eyes..
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming took a step forward and suddenly felt dizzy. When he opened his eyes again, he had already arrived at the small classroom he had visited in the morning.
Lin Feng was standing beside Lu Ming, and in front of the two of them was Jiu
Han holding a book nearly half a meter thick.
Upon seeing his two disciples, Jiu Han smiled warmly.
The huge book in his hand automatically floated in front of Lin Feng. ’This is the foundation of array formations. Study it thoroughly and memorize it until you are familiar. Well proceed to the next step of teaching when you’re done.” Lin Feng immediately nodded, “1 understand, Teacher.”
The memory capability of transcendents far exceeded that of ordinary people. Although this book appeared thick, if Lin Feng worked hard, he would probably be able to study and memorize it within a week.
Jiu Han smiled again and said, “Then that’s all for now. You may go back.”
Lin Feng was puzzled,”???”
He had been looking forward to Jiu Han’s first lesson. Unexpectedly, Jiu Han had dismissed him away with just one thick book.
Looking at Jiu Han in confusion, Lin Feng noticed that Jiu Han s attention was entirely focused on Lu Ming.
A surge of frustration subconsciously welled up within him.
While Lin Feng lowered his head, a ferocious glint flashed in his eyes…
This… was what you call differential treatment.
This was also the underlying reason for Lin Feng’s desire to kill Lu Ming!
Of course, this was not something that could be done within Boshi Tower…
“But, you have offended the Divine Spirit Realm among us Subversives. Death is your only outcome!”
“You’ve chosen the wrong side, you fool!”
Shouting crazily in his heart, Lin Feng slowly retreated until he reached the door. He opened the door and found himself back in his own little courtyard.
Shi was standing before him, wearing a similarly puzzled expression. He did not seem to expect that the lesson would end in less than a minute.
“Senior Brother, you’re…”
Shi’s innocent gaze only added to Lin Feng’s frustration.
However, he smiled gently, saying, The lesson has ended. Teacher’s teaching style is indeed exceptional…”
Only Lu Ming and Jiu Han were left in the small classroom.
Looking at Lu Ming, Jiu Han’s eyes revealed complex and faint excitement.
After a long time, Jiu Han said, “I need to check your body and silver patterns again. Is that okay?”
Lu Ming simply nodded, “Of course.”
Lu Ming had nothing to hide.
Or rather, there was nothing he could hide.
The matter of the system was indeed Lu Ming’s biggest secret, but Lu Ming did not think that Jiu Han could detect the existence of the system. Of course, there was an element of risk in this assumption. Perhaps Jiu Han could detect the systen’s existence; it was uncertain.
However, he had no choice. Using Jiu Han to restrain Moon Fiend was a risky move to begin with.
Although things seemed to have gone smoothly, there were still some risks to be borne, and Jiu Han represented the most significant risk in this matter!
Lu Ming did not know what kind of person Jiu Han was. The outside world’s reputation of Jiu Han was very good, but reputations were to be taken with a grain of salt, and rumors were not to be trusted without deeper investigation.
At present, it seemed that Jiu Han’s character was probably decent, at the very least, he was not as morally corrupt as Moon Fiend.
The other major risk was centered around the system.
If Jiu Han were to detect the system on Lu Ming, the situation would be entirely out of Lu Ming s control.
Lu Ming extended his hand before Jiu Han and saw Jiu Han pinch his hand.
Jiu Han continuously rubbed Lu Ming’s flesh and bone, and a faint energy radiated from Jiu Han’s hand, flowing into Lu Ming’s body.
The energy circulated within Lu Ming’s body and then quickly flowed out.
At this moment, Lu Ming’s expression was calm, but Jiu Han wore a pensive look.
After a long time, Jiu Han frowned and said,
“Now, cultivate the Body Forging technique right in front of me.”
With a wave of his hand, a large number of Flamestones appeared around Lu Ming out of thin air. Seeing this, Lu Ming sat cross-legged and directly entered the Void Space.
Lu Ming could not quite understand what Old Man Jiu Han was thinking.
However, judging by his expression, it seemed that Jiu Han had not discovered the system’s presence. In that case, Lu Ming had nothing to worry about.
Although Jiu Han had not detected the system, it appeared that he had found something significant.
Lu Ming couldn’t think of anything else significant to him apart from the system…
So, he decided not to dwell on it.
Following Jiu Han’s instructions, Lu Ming began to cultivate.
Almost inadvertently, Lu Ming opened the attribute panel.
Soon, Lu Ming discovered something unusual.
“It’s flashing?”
Yes, the attribute panel was flashing!
Just like it did when he was in the Flame Clan Ruins back then!
This meant that something was being absorbed by Lu Ming in this place, the Boshi Tower.
“Void Power? No, it’s not only the Void Power! There’s also the Divine Source!”
Or to put it another way… Lu Ming was poaching from Boshi Tower…
This made Lu Ming’s heart skip a beat.
“Jiu Han can’t be investigating this, right?”
“I’ve been careless!”
“How should I handle this?
Lu Ming suddenly felt a bit helpless.
In front of a Divine Spirit Realm expert, he was poaching the other party’s divine artifact…
What was the difference between this and stealing in person?
Just as Lu Ming was feeling uneasy, Jiu Han’s voice suddenly resounded in Lu Ming’s mind.
“Come out.”
Lu Ming obediently ended his cultivation and left the Void Space.
As soon as he left the Void Space, Lu Ming immediately stood up. He lowered his head and placed his hands tightly on his thighs, and assumed the appearance of a well-behaved student.
He observed Jiu Han from the corner of his eye.
It was obvious that Jiu Han did not have any negative emotions on his face…
instead, he was somewhat surprised and happy.
Surprise was only natural, even if Lu Ming was not sure about the situations of others, he knew that being able to absorb the Divine Source was quite a remarkable and perhaps even a ‘buggy’ thing.
However, Lu Ming could not quite understand where this joy came from.
Before Lu Ming could ponder further) Jiu Ilan once again extended his hand and touched Lu Ming’s body.
This time, Jiu Han’s touch was more meticulous and more serious. Faint golden light emanated from Jiu Han’s fingertips and circulated throughout Lu Ming’s body.
This process lasted for more than ten minutes.
Jiu Han finally withdrew his hand, his gaze on Lu Ming filled with complexity and anticipation.
“You are doing very well… exceptionally well!”
Lu Ming cautiously asked, “Teacher, what do you mean?”
“You are doing very well… exceptionally well!”
Lu Ming really could not figure out what Jiu Han meant.
Lu Ming s voice seemed to snap Jiu Han out of his thoughts. After thinking for a moment, Jiu Han asked, “Do you know what Divine Source is?”
Lu Ming pretended to be confused and shook his head, “I don’t know…”
Jiu Han asked again, “Then do you know that your body can absorb other beneficial foreign energies?”
Lu Ming nodded and said, “I know that. It happened before when I was at the Flame Clan Ruins…”
Lu Ming roughly explained the events of the Flame Clan Ruins.
Then, he added, “I advanced my Void Realm there, but I don’t know why I can do such a thing.”
“It’s probably due to some unique physique or undeveloped ability,” he concluded.
Lu Ming s explanation seemed to make sense to Jiu Han, and he thought for a moment and nodded.
“That’s probably it.”
Then, he changed the subject. “However, none of this is important.”
“What’s important is that no one can absorb or even adapt to Divine Source before becoming a Divine Spirit…”
“Except for you!”


CHAPTER-315
Chapter 315: The First Lesson

At this moment, Jiu Han looked at Lu Ming with a burning gaze, as if he was gazing at some rare treasure.
His gaze held no malice, but the intense emotions it carried made Lu Ming’s scalp tingle involuntarily!
Unable to contain his curiosity, Lu Ming asked, “Teacher, is the ability to absorb the Divine Source very important to you?”
“No…” Jiu Han shook his head and said, “It’s not that it’s very important to me… but it’s very important for any divine being!”
“If this ability of yours is made public, I believe that every divine being would see you as the most unique existence in the world. Whether they choose to eliminate you or protect you will depend on the stance of those divine beings.”
Lu Ming’s heart skipped a beat.
Although he did not fully understand the implications of this, he could tell from Jiu Han’s words that the Divine Spirit Realm experts seemed to need such ability like his, to absorb the Divine Source….
After some thought, Lu Ming said, “Then Teacher, you…”
“The latter,” Jiu Han smiled and gently patted Lu Ming’s head. “You can rest assured that, regardless of my personal stance or my position as your teacher, I will choose the latter, to protect you.”
Jiu Han’s words seemed to have a faint magic power. Coupled with his sincere gaze and kind demeanor, that inexplicably calmed Lu Ming’s heart.
“Thank you, Master.”
“There’s no need to thank me… On the contrary, I should probably thank you…”
This stunned Lu Ming slightly. Then, Jiu Han pondered and said,
“I didn’t discover anything just now.”
“I couldn’t determine where the Divine Source you absorbed entered your body or how it existed within you. The Divine Source that entered your body seemed to have mysteriously disappeared… Do you have any thoughts about this?”
Lu Ming shook his head, “I don’t know.”
The Divine Source had been completely absorbed by the system—but Lu Ming certainly would not reveal that.
Jiu Han did not press further. He thought for a moment and said, “If you ever experience any discomfort in your body, you must inform me promptly.”
“Divine Source involves a lot of things, and there are aspects of it that I would prefer not to expose you to…”
Perhaps he felt that his words were somewhat ambiguous.
A moment later, Jiu Han sighed deeply.
“Forget it, let’s start from the beginning.”
“Let’s begin our first lesson.”
“And the content of this lesson is related to your own pursuit.”
Lu Ming’s eyes lit up, “Achieving godhood with a mortal body?”
Perhaps these words touched Jiu Han. He thought for a moment and nodded with a smile, “Yes, our first lesson is about how to achieve godhood with a mortal body.”
“However, before we start this lesson, I believe it’s necessary to explain to you what a divine being is and what the Divine Source is.”
A desk appeared automatically next to Lu Ming, and he sat behind the desk like a diligent student, while Jiu Han walked to the podium with the teaching stick.
He spoke.
“The Black Mist Zone, a world created by the Supreme God.”
“The most widely circulated supernatural system in the Black Mist Zone is the Source Power Supernatural System.”
“It goes without saying that the Source Power Supernatural System was also created by the Supreme God… or rather, it was brought here by Him.”
“Therefore, it can also be understood that the entire Black Mist Zone is the divine kingdom of the supreme god or the backyard.”
“Below the Divine Spirit beings are the flowers and plants in this garden. The Divine Spirit beings are like the gardeners in the backyard of the Supreme God.”
Jiu Han’s words stunned Lu Ming.
“Backyard? Gardener?”
Putting aside whether this analogy was appropriate or not, it did give Lu Ming a strange feeling.
Jiu Han continued, “You can verify whether it’s right or wrong in the future. My opinion might not be correct. In short, even if it’s Teacher’s words, it’s best if you only use it as a reference and not believe it completely.”
Lu Ming nodded to indicate that he understood. Then, he heard Jiu Han say, “However, we’ll use my point of view for today’s lesson for the time being. What do you think?”
Lu Ming naturally had no objections.
Jiu Han continued, “This is the difference between those below the Divine Spirit Realm and those in the Divine Spirit Realm. Those who are not in the Divine Spirit Realm are the flowers and plants, and those in the Divine Spirit Realm are gardeners. Gardeners tend to the plants and flowers, pruning them, and the plants and flowers are powerless in the face of the gardeners’ care, pruning, and even inadvertent trampling.”
“Can you understand the main difference between a gardener and the plants and flowers?”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and said, “One can move? The other can’t move?”
Jiu Han smiled and nodded.
“Exactly, one can move, and the other can’t…”
“But the real difference lies in the Authority.”
“The Supreme God gave the original flowers and plants authority, transforming them into gardeners. Only then did they have the power and ability to move.”
“And the specific manifestation of this authority is the Divine Source!”
Having said this, Jiu Han held the teaching stick and turned to look at the blackboard.
Using the teaching stick as a pointer, he drew a question mark at the top of the blackboard.
“This represents the Supreme God.”
Then, he drew a row of evenly spaced dots below.
“These are all the intelligent species that entered the Black Mist Zone.”
Then, Jiu Han gently shook his finger, causing one of the dots to move upwards, below the question mark and above the other dots.
“These are the ones who passed the Heaven Ascension Stairs Trial, recognized by the Supreme God. They transformed into divine beings, becoming the gardeners, elevated above the rest.”
With that said, Jiu Han turned to look at Lu Ming and asked, “Do you understand what I’m saying?”
Lu Ming nodded, “I understand.”
This was because the logic behind all of this was very easy to understand.
Staring into Lu Ming’s eyes for a long time, Jiu Han then shook his head, “No, you don’t understand…”
Lu Ming:”???”
“The problem doesn’t lie with these dots; the problem lies with the question mark at the top… but let’s forget about these things for now. You don’t need to know too much about them at the moment. The more you know, the more it could potentially harm you.”
“Let’s go back to the initial question.”
“It’s about how to stand shoulder to shoulder with a mortal and even defeat a god.”
Jiu Han quickly changed the topic, saying, “Building on the Gardener and Plants theory, there are only two ways for plants to defeat the gardener.”
“First, become a gardener, acquire the authority to act given by the Supreme God! In this case, it’s like two gardeners fighting, and the outcome depends on the physique of the gardeners.”
“Second, undergo a mutation! Shed the harmless nature of plants and transform into carnivorous plants that can kill and even eat humans!”
“But the issue is that some of the gardeners will eliminate these harmful plants that pose a threat to themselves… This is why I say the second path is fundamentally too difficult.”
Mutations were uncontrollable and required too many coincidences and opportunities.
Moreover, the gardener could intervene at any time and disrupt the process of mutation.
“Entities that choose the second path are called mutants in the world… Of course, mutants are not a good term.”
“However, there’s also a small problem now… the Subversives. The Subversives have gathered a large number of mutants, significantly improving the situation for mutants compared to before..”


CHAPTER-316
Chapter 316: The First Lesson (2)

Jiu Han briefly mentioned the mutants and the subversives.
He continued, “You’re a Tribulation Transcendent yourself and have the qualifications to participate in this generation’s Heaven Ascension Stairs. However…”
At this point, Jiu Han hesitated for a moment but did not say the rest.
“Anyway, the day the Heaven Ascension Stairs open may take a few years, so don’t dwell on it for now,” Jiu Han told Lu Ming.
Lu Ming nodded, saying, “1 understand, Teacher.”
This time, he truly understood something.
If there had not been the previous discussion about the gardener, flowers, and plants, Lu Ming might not have fully grasped the meaning in Jiu Han’s words.
However, after Jiu Han’s description, Lu Ming vaguely realized something.
As a god, there might be drawbacks…
Just like Jiu Han, who was already at the Divine Spirit Realm, his use of metaphors like the backyard, gardener, flowers and plants was intriguing.
Seeing Lu Ming’s solemn expression, Jiu Han nodded in satisfaction and said, “It’s good that you understand.”
“So the best path for you is actually the second path.”
“Become a mutant! Become a malevolent plant that can kill the gardener and consume the gardener!”
“With me here, you don’t need to worry about anyone prematurely suppressing you. I will protect you thoroughly.”
“Then the problem is: how to become a mutant and how to transform into a malevolent plant!”
Mutation was uncontrollable.
Becoming a mutant requires a series of fortunate coincidences!
“However, there’s actually one path that is stable and reliable.”
“That is the path of Blood Patterns.”
The legend of the Beast King was widely circulated in the Black Mist Zone.
Like Zero, Jiu Han had carefully studied the legend of the Beast King.
“It can be confirmed that the Beast King does possess power equal to or even surpassing that of gods, but it’s not a god.”
“Furthermore, it can be confirmed that the source of the Beast King’s power lies in blood patterns!”
Lu Ming raised his eyebrows, “Are the blood patterns that powerful?”
Jiu Han nodded and said, “Very powerful, the strength of the blood pattern far exceeds the gold patterns and silver patterns.”
“But, compared to the Divine Source, it’s still far inferior… However, the Beast King has many blood patterns, and based on my calculations, when 9999 blood patterns are combined, they can probably possess the power to rival gods. The Beast King should have even more blood patterns than that.”
Lu Ming,”???”
“Does it really require that many?”
“Of course it has to be so much,” Jiu Han said affirmatively. “Actually, you can simplify it by understanding the divine source as a form of energy. The only issue is that the intensity and density of this energy is incredibly high!”
“If you can’t achieve godhood, there’s no way you can match gods in terms of energy density. The only way to resist them is to win with quantity.”
“The path the Beast King takes is the path of winning with quantity!”
“And this is the only controllable way to achieve the status of a mutant, comparable to gods, with a mortal body!”
Lu Ming fell into silence.
9,999 blood patterns…
At this moment, Lu Ming did not have a single blood pattern….
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming asked, “According to Teacher’s calculations, how long will it take me to obtain 9,999 blood patterns?”
Jiu Han shook his head, “1 don’t know… but it’s probably not a short time. Perhaps when you reach the limit of your lifespan, you won’t be able to reach the level of the Beast King.”
Lu Ming immediately felt his breath hitch.
He had thought that comparing himself, a mortal, to the gods would be very difficult.
But he had not expected it to be this challenging.
Jiu Han continued, “After seeing your talent and level of effort, 1 did want to guide you in this direction….Even if you can’t reach the heights of the Beast King, it’s always good to cultivate more blood patterns.”
“But today I suddenly changed my mind.”
Jiu Han paused slightly and continued, “It seems like we have a better option.”
Lu Ming asked, “What option?”
“Divine Source!”
Seeing Lu Ming’s somewhat astonished face, Jiu Han directly stated, “To be honest, whether achieving godhood is a blessing or a curse is still up for debate, but it has nothing to do with the Divine Source!”
“As I mentioned earlier, the essence of the Divine Source is just a form of high-level energy, and energy doesn’t have a good or bad side.”
“Your unique ability is that you can absorb the Divine Source.”
“Although 1 don’t know where the Divine Source you absorbed goes, if you can find out where it goes, and harness and utilize it… then you will become an extraordinary god with divine power, even if you haven’t officially ascended to the Heaven Ascension Stairs!”
With that said, Jiu Han chuckled self-deprecatingly, “Don’t think that the Divine Realm is all that awesome.”
“The difference between the Ancient Realm and the Divine Spirit lies solely in the Divine Source!”
“Even more so, when we achieve godhood, our physical state is completely fixed, and there is no further room for growth.”
“If we can fulfill my vision, not only will you have divine power, but you will also have the potential for unlimited growth!”
“If you can walk this path successfully, it will be an unprecedented path to heaven that only belongs to you!”
Jiu Han’s words left Lu Ming stunned once again.
“Wait a moment, Teacher, you mentioned that achieving godhood fixes the physical state…”
Jiu Han nodded directly, “You heard correctly!”
“At the moment of ascending to the Heaven Ascension Stairs, and undergoing the transformation to the Divine Source, this transformation will completely solidify the power of the gods and eliminate any possibility of further advancement!”
“In other words, gods don’t have the potential for growth!”
How strong you are at the moment of ascending to Heaven Ascension Stairs will be how strong you’ll remain after achieving godhood, with the only difference being the strength of the Divine Source.
Of course, this was not a problem for most gods.
Divine Source could crush everything. Why would I need physical strength? Why would I need gold, silver, and blood patterns?
There was no need for these…
However, this was hard for Lu Ming to accept.
He loved cultivation, the feeling of continuous growth and becoming stronger…
Therefore, upon hearing this news, Lu Ming’s emotions were in turmoil, and he did not know what to think.
Jiu Han continued,
“This is why you have three choices now.”
“First, the path to achieving godhood. With your talent, I believe that on the day you ascend to the Heaven Ascension Stairs, no one will be your match.”
With Lu Ming’s talent, it was not guaranteed, but it was highly likely that he would achieve godhood.
However, as Jiu Han mentioned earlier, there were drawbacks to this path – the inability to continue growing and the possibility of constraints.
The benefits were that it was simple, fast, and efficient, with a one-step ascension to the heavens!
“Second, the Blood Patterns Path.”
The advantage was stability, but the disadvantage was slow progress.
“Third, the unknown path we research together.”
This path was entirely unknown, and it was difficult to predict its pros and cons.
Whether it would succeed was still uncertain.
The potential effects of absorbing large amounts of the Divine Source on Lu Ming were also unknown.
“But 1 can actually pursue all three paths simultaneously,” Lu Ming thought for a moment and replied, “On the day when the Heaven Ascension Stairs open, 1 will consider whether to participate. But I certainly can’t interrupt my cultivation.”
“During my cultivation, Teacher and 1 can research this unknown third path. Once we have some results, we can discuss it.”
The three paths were not necessarily conflicting. At the very least, they could be carried out at the same time in the early stages.
Jiu Han was also surprised by Lu Ming’s unique character and did not expect this for a moment. At this moment, after Lu Ming finished speaking, Jiu Han thought for a moment and nodded immediately, “That sounds good..”


CHAPTER-317
Chapter 317: The First Lesson (3)

The general direction was set, but the first lesson was still not over.
Or you could say that the conversation Jiu Han had with Lu Ming just now was only a rough outline of this lesson. He still had many detailed issues to teach Lu Ming.
“First, there’s the issue of the mystical patterns.”
“There are three types of mystical patterns: blood patterns, gold patterns, and silver patterns.”
“Blood Patterns are called the Eye of Blood and Flesh, Gold Patterns are called the Foundation of Matter, and Silver Patterns are called the Source of Magic.””The blood pattern is called the Eye of Flesh and Blood, the golden pattern is called the foundation of things, and the silver pattern is called the Source of Magic.”
When Jiu Han reached this point, Lu Ming suddenly raised his hand.
“Teacher, to be honest, I still have doubts about the mystical patterns.”
Jiu Han nodded and said, “Go on.”
“Previously, I had an encounter. One of the seniors once hinted to me that the Path of Silver Patterns is not reliable… I want to know if this is true?”
Jiu Han immediately smiled when he heard this.
“Your senior seems to be quite an insightful person…”
“I’ll go straight to the conclusion, It is true.”
“But this statement also has its limitations.”
With that said, Jiu Han turned around and began to write on the blackboard.
He first wrote the words “Divine Source” on the top of the blackboard.
Then, he wrote the words, “Eyes of Flesh and Blood”, the “Foundation of Matter, the Source of Magic, and other words below.
Then, Jiu Han continued,
“If I’m not wrong, your senior should also be researching the path of mutants.”
After saying this, Jiu Han explained in detail, “In fact, these four things can be considered as a type of energy, or you can treat them as a type of authority.”
“Among them, the Divine Source has the highest authority, with the greatest and strongest energy density.”
“The Eyes of Blood and Flesh come next, followed by the Foundation of Matter, and at the lowest end of this chain is the Source of Magic, the Silver Patterns.” “However, there’s actually another problem with the Source of Magic. Its nature is the same as the Divine Source, but its essence is several levels lower.”
With that said, Jiu Han turned around and asked, “Do you know what the greatest motivation for people to research mutants is?”
Lu Ming was slightly stunned and immediately replied, “To compare with gods using the bodies of mortals.”
Yes, this was the ultimate goal of the Flame Clan’s research into the path of mutants, a goal similar to Lu Ming!
Jiu Han nodded and continued, “Then can you guess what the consequences will be when the Source of Magic and the Silver Patterns encounter the Divine Source?”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and replied, “Teacher said that the two are of the same nature, so they will… assimilate?”
“Yes, that’s right, assimilation.”
Jiu Han said, “The upper limit of the path of the Source of Magic is too low.”
“Even if you have billions of Source of Magic silver patterns, you will still be eaten up by the weakest of gods, like Moon Fiend, for example. You will be completely overwhelmed and won’t be able to resist at all.”
“Moreover, the strength of the Source of Magic, Silver Patterns, is much lower than the Blood Patterns and even the Golden Patterns… Therefore, this path is actually very weak, almost not worth pursuing.”
The upper limit was low, and the lower limit was also low.
No matter how much the quantity was, it would still be suppressed by the Divine Source, and you would not be able to achieve a qualitative change in your abilities.
Jiu Han added, “In fact, personally, I don’t favor my disciple cultivating the Silver Patterns of the Source of Magic, because when the Silver Patterns of the Source of Magic encounters the Divine Source, it will not only be assimilated but may even be controlled in reverse, becoming a weapon of the enemy. This is also one of the reasons why your senior said that the Source of Magic Silver Patterns is not reliable.”
Lu Ming nodded in understanding.
He began to have a deeper understanding of the Source of Magic Silver Patterns.
“However…” Jiu Han suddenly changed the subject, “Your Silver Patterns are different.”
“Yours is a mutated Silver Pattern… The reason for the mutation seems to be related to your special physique.”
At this point, Jiu Han paused slightly, “In any case, when 1 checked your body just now, I tried to use the Divine Source to pry and control your Silver Patterns, but it was impossible.”
“This means that if you want to cultivate silver patterns, it seems to be possible.”
Lu Ming could not help but ask, “Is there no risk?”
Jiu Han smiled bitterly and shook his head, “1 can’t even figure out why you can absorb the Divine Source or why your silver patterns have mutated. How can I be sure if there’s any risk?”
In other words, Lu Ming was too unique, and Jiu Han had no reference point.
To avoid misleading his disciple, Jiu Han did not dare to speak conclusively on certain crucial matters to avoid harming Lu Ming.
This made Lu Ming nod in contemplation, and then he heard Jiu Han’s voice again, “But what I can confirm is that, for you, Blood Patterns are better than Silver Patterns. Although the formation speed of Blood Patterns may be a bit slower, once you obtain Blood Patterns, your strength will be stronger, and overall, the cost-effectiveness will not be much lower than Silver Patterns.”
Lu Ming said, “1 understand.”
Since Jiu Han had said so, he would focus on Body Forging Technique.
To Lu Ming, it did not matter what he cultivated as long as he could grow stronger.
“The next issue is your Body Forging Technique.”
“What kind of Body Forging Technique are you cultivating now?”
Lu Ming answered honestly, “Physique Realm, Flame-Fire Body Forging Technique.”
To Ancient Realm experts, the Physique Realm Body Forging Technique was too low-level, providing very little increase in physical strength with each cycle.
Jiu Han was not in a hurry to get Lu Ming to change his Body Forging Technique. He just asked, “How’s your realm?”
Lu Ming replied, “Perfect Realm.”
Jiu Han could not help but be amazed.
Considering Lu Ming’s age and the time he had been cultivating, his progress was unparalleled.
If he were an ordinary disciple, Jiu Han would naturally ask him to consider changing his Body Forging Technique – the Ancient Realm Body Forging Technique was definitely indispensable in the Boshi Tower.
However, this current disciple in front of him, called Lu Ming… After thinking for a moment, Jiu Han said, “Are you confident in cultivating this Flame-Fire Body Forging Technique to the Divine Power Realm?”
Lu Ming nodded decisively, “Yes.”
“How long will it take?”
Lu Ming made a simple estimation and could not help but shake his head, “It might take a long time.”
Jiu Han smiled and said, “That’s fine. There are many ways to accelerate your cultivation.”
“In short, if you think you can’t cultivate the Flame-Fire Body Forging Technique to the Divine Power Realm, it’s best to change the Body Forging Technique as soon as possible. However, if you’re confident, it’s best to cultivate it to the Divine Power Realm.”
After thinking for a moment, Jiu Han gave an appropriate analogy. “This is like laying the foundation. The stronger the foundation, the higher the building.”
Jiu Han’s explanation actually had similarities with the system.
Lu Ming nodded in agreement, “Okay.”
“Finally, let’s talk about your extraordinary spatial and temporal ability.””Lastly, it’s about your spatial time superpower.”
“It’s called the Void Realm.”
“Alright, Void Realm.” Jiu Han muttered to himself before asking, “What is the maximum efficiency of your Void Realm right now?”
Lu Ming replied, “24 times.”
“Hmm, one day inside is an hour outside…” After muttering this, Jiu Han looked at Lu Ming and asked, “What do you think is the maximum time flow rate you can withstand?”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and provided an answer, “I have experienced a one-second-per-day time flow rate…”
Jiu Han was stunned for a moment before he heard Lu Ming saying, “I found it quite comfortable.”
Jiu Han,”…”
“Alright, then the highest priority for us is to improve the effectiveness of your Void Realm.”
Lu Ming’s eyes lit up and asked, “Teacher, do you have a way?”
Jiu Han chuckled, “There are too many ways…”


CHAPTER-318
Chapter 318: Stiffness

There were indeed ways to increase the level of his talent and abilities.
Even if there was difficulty, it was not considered a huge difficulty in the eyes of a Divine Spirit Realm expert.
Moreover, Lu Ming had a special physique that could absorb the power of the void to strengthen the Void Realm, which added more methods for Jiu Hun all at once.
“The simplest one, the Eternal Stone.”
The Eternal Stone was a special product of the Aeonians, containing powerful void power. Although this thing was precious, it was not as precious to Jiu Han.
After thinking for a moment, Jiu Han decided on the solution.
He nodded and said,
“Then, let’s start with this. You go back and rest for a day or two. Don’t focus on cultivation anymore, but observe where the Divine Source within your body is flowing to and how you should mobilize the Divine Source—if you don’t figure this out, it is impossible to discuss our plan for the third path.”
To use the Divine Source with a non-divine body and become an Outer Dao God that was not a Divine Spirit.
No one had walked this path before, so there was no precedent.
The first issue to solve was where the Divine Source absorbed by Lu Ming had gone and how to utilize it.
In this aspect, Jiu Han could not help Lu Ming—he had thoroughly examined Lu Ming’s body several times and found no answers.
Therefore, Lu Ming could only rely on himself.
After returning to his small courtyard, Lu Ming sat cross-legged and entered the Void Space.
In the Void Space, Lu Ming began to contemplate.
“Unlike Teacher Jiu Han, I do know where the Divine Source went.”
It went to the system…
However, Lu Ming had no idea how to use the Divine Source.
He opened his attribute panel and looked at the Divine Source column.
The clear text caught Lu Ming’s eye.
Divine Source Points: 44
The essence of Divine Source Points is the Divine Source!
The system has digitized the Divine Source and made it applicable in the following directions:
1: Consume 1 Divine Source Point to double all your attributes!
2: Consume 1 Divine Source Point to increase your level by one level!
3: Consume 1 Divine Source Point to increase the proficiency of any skill by one level!
4: Consume 1 Divine Source Point to produce a beneficial evolution of any of your superpowers, with the evolution direction uncontrollable but the outcome is positive.
5: Unknown (Your level is insufficient)…
6…
The description under the Divine Source Points had not changed at all. If he wanted to unlock more applications for Divine Source Points, Lu Ming had to increase his level. However, Lu Ming preferred to take his time and not rush to increase his level.
“However, the system does offer four different applications for Divine Source Points.”
Doubling all attributes, leveling up, increasing skill proficiency, and beneficial evolution of superpowers.
But none of these were what Lu Ming needed.
Jiu Han had clearly said that if he wanted to become an Outer Dao God, he had to learn how to use the Divine Source as a source of energy and power, similar to using source energy, not the system-provided methods.
Slowly closing his eyes, Lu Ming could not help but mutter, “Then, what should I do?”
Just as this thought arose, Lu Ming suddenly felt a slight tremor in his brain.
His consciousness turned to the attribute panel, where he saw a slight change in the description of Divine Source Points.
5: Consume one Divine Source Point to transform it into a trace of free-floating Divine Source energy.
Note: This transformation is irreversible, and because you lack a divine body, the consumed Divine Source cannot be recovered naturally. Please use it with caution.
Lu Ming’s eyes suddenly lit up!
Because that was what he wanted!
The 642nd day of the Black Mist Calendar.
It was morning.
There was a morning class today.
Early in the morning, Lu Ming came to the small classroom after breakfast.
Upon entering the small classroom, he saw Lin Feng sitting attentively at his desk, just like a primary school student.
Without exchanging any greetings with Lin Feng, Lu Ming took his seat.
On the other hand, Lin Feng, like a determined bull, leaned over.
“Junior Brother, have you made any progress in the past two days?”
Lin Feng really could not contain his curiosity. He really wanted to know what special treatment that old man Jiuhan had given Lu Ming in the past two days.
Lu Ming smiled and said, “1 gained something.”
But he did not feel the need to tell him in detail.
Lin Feng thought for a moment and said, “By the way, Junior Brother, there’s a welcoming party on campus the day after tomorrow. Would you like to come and join the fun with me?”
With that said, Lin Feng even made a typical expression that all men understood, “The quality of the female classmates in this cohort is quite high, you know.”
Lu Ming simply shook his head, “Women would only slow down my progress in becoming stronger!”
Lin Feng,
Alright, Lin Feng could also guess what kind of person Lu Ming was… He was completely uninterested in things like beauty and fun.
However, he still had to try If he could really trick Lu Ming out of school…
Just as Lin Feng was letting his imagination run wild, Jiu Han opened the door and walked in.
This fat little old man was wearing a long black coat today. He held a book in one hand and a teaching stick in the other, looking like an old pedant.
Jiu Han walked to the podium and said,
“Today, let’s talk about the operating principles of the Source Power Skills.”
This was a basic course that might seem without practical significance, but it served as the foundation for many things.
An hour later, the morning class ended.
Jiu Han also shed his teacher persona and looked at his two disciples kindly.
He looked at Lin Feng and asked, “How’s the book memorization going?”
Lin Feng replied respectfully, “I’ve already memorized a third of it.”
“Hmm, not bad, keep up the good work.”
This was both encouragement and a way to send him off….
Lin Feng was indeed tactful. Upon hearing this, he immediately stood up and, after bidding farewell to his teacher and junior, left the classroom.
Only Jiu Han and Lu Ming were left in the classroom.
Only then did Jiu Han look at Lu Ming and ask, “What about you?”
Lu Ming said, “Disciple has already found a method to apply the Divine Source.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Jiu Han instantly appeared in front of Lu Ming.
“You said you found it?!”
“This is too fast!!”
Even Jiu Han could not find it, but you found it in just a little over a day…
Looking at Jiu Han, whose eyes were bulging, Lu Ming smiled shyly. “Disciple has indeed found it… but…”
With these words, a bitter expression appeared on Lu Ming’s face.
“Teacher, you should see for yourself.”
After saying this, Lu Ming extended his hand.
A faint golden light bloomed from Lu Ming’s hand, but the radiance was very unstable!
Seeing this, Jiu Han gasped and said, “It’s indeed the Divine Source! This is the first time I’ve seen a non-deity who can use the Divine Source…”
However, as he observed, Jiu Han furrowed his brow.
“But why do you feel like that…”
Lu Ming added, “It’s very stiff.”
“It’s just very stiff.”
“I found its existence and can also mobilize its flow.”
“But it’s very, very stiff… It circulates in my body, but it’s almost beyond my control..”


CHAPTER-319
Chapter 319: Resources

Source power flowed within the transcendents’ bodies, just like blood flowing through veins.
This was a spontaneous and instinctive action, not even requiring the transcendents to control it. All it took was a thought, and they could manipulate source power to perform various techniques.
However, this Divine Source was like fat in Lu Ming’s body, growing wherever it was and moving as slowly as the shaking of fat.
Lu Ming could make this thing move, but the speed was unimaginably slow, almost stagnant.
This made it impossible to use the Divine Source in combat scenarios – how could the enemies give you time to mobilize the Divine Source?
Lu Ming felt that even if he spent 10 to 20 minutes mobilizing the Divine Source, the effectiveness of his offense and defense might not satisfy him. It was like having a lazy and disobedient subordinate; could he rely on him to complete the task he had assigned to him?
Jiu Han fell into deep thought.
Soon, Jiu Han spoke, “Godhood, it’s a matter of godhood. You don’t have godhood, so you can’t mobilize the Divine Source.”
The term “godhood” had also appeared in the attribute panel before.
Lu Ming immediately asked, “Teacher, what is godhood?”
“It’s the reward given by the Supreme God after reaching the top of the Heaven Ascension Stairs…”
As Jiu Han answered, he seemed to have thought of something unrelated to Lu Ming.
He paced back and forth in the classroom and only stopped to look at Lu Ming again after about ten minutes.
“You’ve done very well, but the remaining issues are not something you can handle.”
“Leave the rest to me. I’ll find a way for you to use the Divine Source properly… However, this will take time. I need to figure out some other things first.”
After saying this, Jiu Han continued.
“I have to go out to take care of something. In the meantime, you can go find Yan and have him take you to Area Three. I’ve prepared a new training ground for you there.”
With that, Jiu Han disappeared without a trace.
After returning to the small courtyard, Lu Ming immediately found Yan.
Yan also knew Lu Ming’s purpose for coming, so he promptly led Lu Ming to the front door.
Pulling open the door, a vortex-shaped teleportation entrance appeared before Lu Ming. Yan took the lead and stepped into it, with Lu Ming following closely.
After a fleeting sensation, they had already arrived in front of a ten-meter tall tower.
Looking at the tower, which appeared to be made of crystal, and the terrifying fluctuations of the void energy surrounding it, Lu Ming could not help but take a deep breath.
“What’s this?”
Yan replied, “This is the cultivation resources prepared by Teacher for Senior Brother.”
“A cultivation tower constructed entirely of the Eternal Stones.”
This was the method Jiu Han had mentioned that could quickly elevate Lu Ming’s Void Realm’s level.
By spending money…
Before Lu Ming could say anything, Yan continued, “There are other treasures in the tower imbued with the power of space and time, all of which can nourish Senior Brother’s strength.”
“Other than that, Teacher has left some other things for Senior Brother. Senior Brother, please follow me.”
With that said, Yan led the way into the tower.
The cultivation tower was ten meters tall and had three levels.
Entering the tower, they saw more scattered Stones of Eternity and other items imbued with Void Power., like the Flameheart Stones and Eternal Stones.After walking into the tower, he saw more scattered Stones of Eternity and other good things that contained the power of the void.
Even though Lu Ming had no real concept of money, he knew very well that the things contained in this tower were enough to buy dozens or hundreds of Ancient Cities.
Moving up to the second floor, there was nothing particularly remarkable on the second floor—just more Flamestones and Stones of Eternity.
After walking up to the third floor, Lu Ming saw a simple but cozy room.
The floor of the room was a pale blue green, and stepping on it emitted a faint coolness.
A woven straw mat covered the floor, giving off a subtle, refreshing fragrance.
Looking up at the ceiling, there was a large bright pearl shining down a warm red light.
There were four incense burners at the four corners, and something was burning in them, emitting a rich aroma that was unknown if it was pleasant or unpleasant.
Lu Ming could tell at a glance that this room was extraordinary.
Yan’s voice sounded in his ear again.
“The floor is made of Celestial Jade, which aids in cultivation.”
“The futon is one that the Teacher once used, woven from iron sprout divine grass. It helps in one’s concentration and significantly enhances the speed of cultivation.”
“The pearl above is the Morning Dragon Pearl, which can alleviate fatigue and enhance insight.”
“What’s burning in the incense burner are the roots of the Dao Sourceflower, a priceless flower with incredible value and a sacred item for cultivation.”
“There are also array formations in the room set up by Teacher personally, a large array embedded within smaller arrays, totaling eighty-one layers.”
After explaining all this, Yan paused for a moment and added with a hint of envy, “This place can increase Senior Brother’s Body Forging technique cultivation speed by a hundredfold.”
It could also increase the level of the Void Realm…
Lu Ming silently muttered to himself and looked at the entire room. He could not help but say, “Please thank Teacher on my behalf.”
This house was probably only fit for Divine Sons and Divine Daughters to enjoy.
Yan covered his mouth and smiled, “Teacher really has very high expectations of Senior Brother. I’ve been by Teacher’s side for quite some time, but I’ve never seen Teacher value a disciple so much.”
“It’s been a long time since I’ve seen Teacher show such enthusiasm.”
After chatting with Yan for a while, Yan tactfully left, leaving Lu Ming alone in the cultivation room.
Looking at the low-key luxurious cultivation room, Lu Ming took a deep breath, closed his eyes, sat on the futon, and entered the Void Space.
The capital of the Eternal Clan, Tian Du.
Coldwater Prison.
Prison warden Reynolds was accompanying Jiu Han, walking slowly towards the depths of the prison.
In the deepest part of the Coldwater Prison, the two of them stopped and looked at the large iron gate ahead, covered in dark rune array formations.
Reynolds said softly, “Teacher, this is where that person is imprisoned.”
Jiu Han nodded gently, “I’m taking the person away. The formalities will be dealt with later, there’s no problem, right?”
Reynolds immediately smiled and said, “Of course there’s no problem.”
Jiu Han had many disciples and grand-disciples. He was also a Divine Spirit Realm expert. Although such a person did not have an official status in the Eternal Clan, his reputation was probably not inferior to the top big shots of those important departments.
Reynolds opened the array formation restriction on the door and Jiu Han stepped inside.
Faint murmurs could be heard from inside the prison, but Reynolds could not make out what the two inside were talking about.
About half an hour later, Jiu Han walked out of the prison and left immediately.
After Jiu Han left, Reynolds looked at the prison again and discovered that it was already empty.
It took Jiu Han just over half an hour to travel from Xuanshui City to Tian Du.
When he returned to the Boshi Tower, Lu Ming had just entered the cultivation tower.
However, he did not pay much attention to Lu Ming. Standing in an empty room, Jiu Han waved his sleeve and a middle-aged man in a state of unconsciousness appeared at Jiu Han’s feet out of thin air.
Looking at this person, Jiu Han spoke softly.
“Qing Jue, Divine Spirit Realm, the god of the Qing Clan. Captured 100,000 years ago during the battle of the Qing Clan and has been imprisoned until now.”
“Hmm, let’s use you as an experimental subject..”


CHAPTER-320
Chapter 320: Flame Body Forging Technique: Intricate Realm

In the present time, the enemies of the Eternal Clan were still numerous, let alone in the era when the Eternal Clan was rising.
Every top-tier clan had inevitably experienced bloody battles and had to emerge victorious from the War of Ten Thousand Clans to reach the top!
In war, many divine spirits lost their lives, and even more were captured.
One of the captives was a divine spirit named Qing Jue.
The Qing Clan had long been annihilated, and no one had any intention of redeeming Qing Jue. The high-ranking members of the Eternal Clan didn’t want to kill him either, so they had kept him imprisoned until now.
This actually helped Jiu Han.
In the room, Jiu Han began to set up the formation.
He took out various high-quality materials, ground them into ink, and inscribed them on Qing Jue’s body, occasionally adjusting the composition of the Boshi Tower’s array formation.
After several days, the envisioned array formation was fully formed. Jiu Han smiled in satisfaction and refocused his attention on Lu Ming.
Although he could not see Lu Ming’s cultivation state inside the Void Space, it was not difficult for Jiu Han to tell from the subtle movements of the muscles on Lu Ming’s body that he was slowly but steadily growing stronger.
Upon deeper sensing, Jiu Han noticed that the divine essence within Boshi Tower and even his own divine essence were constantly being drawn and flowing into Lu Ming’s body.
This speed was extremely slow.
It was even less than a thousandth of the recovery speed of Jiu Han’s Divine Source.
“But this is just the beginning, right?”
After muttering to himself, Jiu Han snapped his fingers.
As a result, the array formation was changed. Jiu Han’s Divine Source no longer flowed out. The battery supplying power to Lu Ming and Boshi Tower became Qing Jue, who was lying on the ground.
When he looked at Qing Jue again, a golden light flashed in Jiu Han’s eyes.
He could clearly see that a golden sphere the size of a lychee inside Qing Jue’s skull had begun to rotate spontaneously.
With each rotation of the sphere, a trace of Divine Source was drawn out but it would recover in an extremely short period of time.
“All that’s left is to wait.”
Inside the cultivation tower, just as he completed one cycle of the Body Forging technique, Lu Ming immediately noticed the difference!
There were two differences.
First, the attribute panel began to flash crazily, with the Void Realm being the most powerful!
With a plentiful supply of resources, every point increase in attributes allowed Lu Ming to absorb a significant amount of void power from the outside world for the advancement of the Void Realm. Of course, Lu Ming could also absorb some Divine Source Points, but the quantity was not significant. It was much faster than when he was in the Flame Clan’s ruins, but overall, it was not overly exaggerated.
The second difference was in the efficiency of gaining skill proficiency.
Normally, each cycle of Body Forging technique would increase proficiency by one point. However, over here, cultivating one cycle of Body Forging technique increased proficiency by a whopping 100 points!
What Yan said was not false, this place had indeed provided Lu Ming with a hundredfold boost!
Celestial Jade, Iron Sprout Divine Grass, Morning Dragon Pearl, Dao Source Flower.
Four treasures that Lu Ming had never heard of actually brought him such incredible benefits!
Of course, getting 100 proficiency points for one cycle of Body Forging technique did not mean that Lu Ming could gain 2,000 points of total attributes. The acquisition of attributes remained the same, with each cycle of Body Forging technique corresponding to 20 points of three-dimensional attributes.
However, this was obviously not a significant concern.
The earlier the Flame Body Forging Technique advanced to the Divine Power Realm, the sooner Lu Ming could switch to a more powerful Body Forging Technique and benefit from the additional effects of Divine Skill Realm source power skills.
The cultivation efficiency of the Flame Body Forging Technique was indeed somewhat outdated in the eyes of the current Lu Ming.
After verifying these things, Lu Ming completely entered a frenzy cultivation state in the Void Space.
Body Forging technique! Body Forging technique! Still Body Forging technique!
Following Jiu Han’s arrangements, Lu Ming temporarily gave up on cultivating Source Power skills and focused solely on Body Forging techniques.
According to Lu Ming’s current cultivation plan, he could cultivate a full 40 cycles of Body Forging technique in the Void Space for every hour in the outside world, and in a day, he could cultivate 920 cycles of Body Forging technique!
This was equivalent to 92,000 proficiency points and 18,400 total attributes.
Moreover, as long as the Void Realm leveled up again, Lu Ming’s cultivation efficiency would certainly reach an unimaginable level!
More than ten days later, on the 653rd day of the Black Mist Calendar.
The Flame Body Forging Technique successfully advanced to the Intricate Realm.
Flame Body Forging Technique (Intricate) (0/100,000): Physique Realm Body Forging Technique. This secret technique requires the assistance of Flamestones during cultivation. Only when the power of flame enters the body can one temper the physique!
“Your Flame Body Forging Technique has already advanced to the Intricate Realm. Every cycle of the Intricate Realm Flame Body Forging Technique can increase your all three-dimensional attributes by 50 points and grant 50 free attribute points. At the same time, it will consume one unit of Flamestone.
After Lu Ming’s Flame Body Forging Technique advanced to the Intricate Realm and completed another cycle, Jiu Han, who had been paying attention to Lu Ming, immediately noticed the changes!
“It has advanced! So fast!”
In ten days, he had advanced his Body Forging technique from the Perfect Realm to the Intricate Realm…
This speed was unprecedented!
Another change was that as Lu Ming’s Body Forging Technique advanced, he gained more attribute points in each cycle, and the speed at which he absorbed Divine Source and Void Power increased proportionally!
Qing Jue’s Divine Source was being absorbed even faster, but it still could not compare to the rate of recovery—the difference was roughly a hundredfold.
“Not enough…”
However, Jiu Han was not in a hurry.
Then, he looked at the cultivation tower he had built for Lu Ming.
He could see that the Eternal Stone-made cultivation tower’s radiance had dimmed slightly.
According to Jiu Han’s calculations, Lu Ming only needed to drain this cultivation tower, and that would be enough to advance his Void Realm to the next stage.
This time, it would not be too far off.
Lin Feng had been living quite comfortably during this period.
At least it appeared that way.
With Lu Ming in a long seclusion, Lin Feng could not see him, so out of sight, out of mind.
After barely breaking free from the terrifying vortex, Lin Feng’s life finally returned to its normal course.
He delved into the study of array formations, attended classes with his classmates, occasionally socialized with his male and female classmates, and built his own network of connections at school.
These were the things a student should be doing.
What Lu Ming was up to was really too much…
Regarding this, Jiu Han also supported it, although it could be that Jiu Han’s complete focus was on Lu Ming, and he did not pay much attention to Lin Feng….
In short, his days were peaceful and quiet. However, in the depths of his heart, Lin Feng also had his own worries.
On this night, Lin Feng and a few friends got heavily drunk outside of school and ended up staying at a hotel nearby.
Lying on the bed, he quickly entered the world of dreams. As his consciousness sank, Lin Feng soon found himself in the dream space.
This time, the person with the blood-red eyes was absent, but there were four other individuals.
The drunkenness on Lin Feng’s face quickly dissipated as he spoke.
“I can’t do anything to Lu Ming. I can’t even meet him, let alone lure him into the trap we designed..”


CHAPTER-321
Chapter 321: The Situation

Lin Feng was eager to kill Lu Ming, to get it over with.
In the beginning, this was actually not a personal vendetta. Lin Feng wanted to kill Lu Ming so that he could gain Jiu Han’s attention and to sell out one of the major players among the subversives, Moon Fiend.
But as the situation developed, it had become a personal grudge…
Who do you think I, Lin Feng, am? The Son of Fortuity!
And yet, I’ve run into you, Lu Ming, who’s been outshining me at every turn… This was indeed unbearable for the proud Lin Feng.
Thinking about the differential treatment Lin Feng had received from Jiu Han during this time, Lin Feng gritted his teeth with resentment.
Hatred surged, but it ended up in helplessness.
“But there’s nothing I can do!!”
The plan was well-designed, and as long as Lu Ming followed him out of the academy, Lin Feng had a hundred ways to deal with him. But he had not expected that Lu Ming was such a homebody who would stay in the Boshi Tower and not come out at all…
As long as Lu Ming was in the Boshi Tower, no one could touch Lu Ming!
Looking up at the others, Lin Feng helplessly said, “Do any of you have any good ideas?”
Everyone fell silent.
The Subversives were a large organization.
This organization was ambitious, powerful, and had been lurking in the shadows for a long time. It was unknown how many hidden factions there were.
During the infiltration process, the subversives had long infiltrated the various races and organizations. Even the Three Elements Academy had many peripherals of the subversives, including Lin Feng and the five others present.
Their identities were probably similar to Lu Ming’s in the past.
At this moment, after hearing Lin Feng’s words, the few of them were silent for a long time. Finally, someone said, “There’s nothing we can do. As long as Lu Ming is in the Boshi Tower, we can’t do anything to him.”
Another person said, “That’s why we have to change our approach. Since Lu Ming is unwilling to leave the academy, let’s focus on the people around Lu Ming… 1 remember that he has a servant who also entered the Three Elements Academy. His name is Quan Chao, Quan Chao, right? What do you all think about using him to lure Lu Ming out?”
Lin Feng was the first to object, “I’ve already tried that, and it didn’t work.”
“This Quan Chao’s level of caution is only slightly lower than Lu Ming’s. He absolutely won’t leave the academy and he has no entanglements with anyone…”
If they could not do anything to Lu Ming through Quan Chao, it seemed that there would be no way to deal with Lu Ming.
The five of them felt frustrated.
Not far away, a faint red light bloomed, and the blood-red eyes appeared again.
The five of them respectfully lowered their heads and heard a voice coming from the blood-red eyes.
“Lin Feng, my disciple, you’re too hasty.”
Lin Feng was slightly stunned and then replied immediately, “Teacher is right.”
The person with blood-red eyes continued, “There’s no need to be anxious about Lu Ming. You’ve only been in the Three Elements Academy for a little over ten days, and you don’t need to make any contributions hastily.”
“Your most important task right now is to learn the ways of array formations and find the weakness in the array formation within the Boshi Tower…”
Lin Feng lowered his head again and agreed.
Seeing Lin Feng’s obedient demeanor, the blood-red-eyed person smiled and said, “In any case, I’ll provide you with an idea.”
“Lu Ming’s strength is low and he’s not a threat. The reason why you think Lu Ming is difficult to deal with is not because of himself but because of his backer, Jiu Han is hard to deal with.”
“Think on a larger scale. Think about it. If Jiu Han, the Three Elements Academy, and even the Hundred Schools of Philosophy collapse, won’t it be very easy to kill Lu Ming?”
This sounded a bit like an impractical dream for Lin Feng and the others.
How could Lin Feng and the other four have the power and influence of the person with the blood-red eyes? If they tried to think on a larger scale, it would be nothing but a pipe dream….
Of course, at this moment, no one dared to say anything in front of the venerable figure. After a long time, the blood-red eyed person continued, “There will be an unforeseen event in the Hundred Thousand Mountains Battlefield in the near future. At that time, Jiu Han will leave the academy. If you’re really anxious, you can consider attacking at that time.”
“But 1 don’t want you to attack at that time, it might alert the enemy.”
“In short, Lu Ming’s matter is minor, but the hidden threat is significant. Lin Feng, don’t let personal grudges cloud your judgment.”
After saying this, the blood-red eyes quickly disappeared,
leaving the five people in the dream space deep in thought.
A month later.
The 683rd Day of the Black Mist Calendar.
The situation in the Hundred Thousand Mountains changed drastically!
Countless zombie beasts surged into the core area of the Hundred Thousand Mountains, relentlessly attacking the steel defense line constructed by the four ancient beast races, the Eternal Clan, and the Giant Clan.
Behind the zombie beasts was an endless Insect tide.
It was also on this day that the subversives mobilized six experts at the Divine Spirit Realm to brazenly attack Shu Fang and Hao Jun, and Moon Fiend was also among them.
This battle lasted for a full ten days.
When the news of the battle reached the rear of the Eternal Clan, the world could not help but gasp in shock.
The Eternal Clan’s coalition forces suffered a disastrous defeat.The Aeonian allied army suffered a crushing defeat.
Hao Jun was killed on the spot, and Haona was captured alive, reportedly falling into the hands of Moon Fiend, with an ominous fate awaiting her.
On the same day, an elite squad of quasi-divine level experts attacked the last stronghold of the Giant Clan and cleared it within a short time.
Thus, the once prestigious Giant Clan was essentially declared exterminated.
Shu Fang successfully retreated from the battlefield, but he was also severely injured, rendering him unable to fight again in the short term.
The front line formed by the Aeonian coalition forces was shattered. The main army composed of the four ancient beast tribes was almost completely annihilated, and the four ancient beast tribes were slaughtered by Moon Fiend. From this point on, there was no longer any ancient beast tribe in the world.
With the breach of the defense line of the Hundred Thousand Mountains, the Alliance of Subversives advanced rapidly, penetrating into the territory of the Eternal Clan, the Qinghe Province.
And they re-established themselves there.
On the same day, the Aeonians held a meeting of the gods and made a decision.
The defense of this front line is now the responsibility of the military, and the Hundred Schools of Philosophy sent experts as top-tier forces.
In this situation, Jiu Han was forced to come out of seclusion and personally guard the Qinghe Province.
Lu Ming knew nothing about the outside world.
He did not pay attention to these messy affairs.
However, it was during one morning class that he noticed something unusual about Jiu Han.
“Teacher, your body…”
Jiu Han’s body was somewhat blurry, prompting Lu Ming to ask.
Hearing this, Jiu Han shook his head and said, “Something happened on the battlefield. Your senior brother, Shu Fang, was inferior and was bullied. I can only go to the front line as an old man and spar with others.”
“In short, although my main body has gone to the battlefield, 1 still have a clone guarding the Boshi Tower. You don’t need to worry about these things, just focus on your cultivation.”
After saying this, Jiu Han smiled kindly at Lu Ming and asked, “How’s your progress?”
“In two months, I can change to a new Body Forging technique.” Lu Ming replied. Jiu Han stroked his beard and smiled. “I’ve already prepared the follow-up cultivation techniques and related resources. Other than cultivating, you don’t have to consider anything else.”
Lu Ming immediately nodded and said gratefully, “Thank you for your nurturing, Teacher.”
His gratitude to Jiu Han was indeed from the bottom of his heart.
Jiu Han also responded with a smile, but underneath his smile, there was a hint of sorrow.
This was because Jiu Han vaguely sensed that this war between the two major forces harbored an unprecedented storm of terror.
As for Lu Ming…”
Thinking of this, Jiu Han sighed again in his heart.
With such talent, such effort, and such uniqueness.
However, at this moment, Jiu Han had a premonition…
There was not much time left for this child..


CHAPTER-322
Chapter 322: Success

The situation in Qinghe Province entered a period of stability.
The two parties stationed themselves in Qinghe Province, engaging in several high-level negotiations.
However, for some reason, the subversives always had an aggressive stance, showing no intention of negotiating—they were determined to fight, and fight to the death.
With negotiations fruitless, the only option was to prepare for battle.
For a while, the entire Black Mist Zone was shrouded in the gloom of war.
But for Moon Fiend, the war was indeed a good thing.
This woman was timid, weak, irritable, foolish, and extremely petty.
However, she had a characteristic that was either a strength or a weakness, she would seek revenge for the smallest grievance!
At this moment, Moon Fiend was sitting in the hall where she had been humiliated back then.
Under her butt was a chair made from the skin of the Blackmond Beast King, and the carpet beneath her feet was made from the skin of the Emperor Yao Beast King.
In her hand was a wine glass made from the bones of Hao Jun, and standing beside her was Haona, motionless with fear, hatred, and numbness in her eyes.
The heads of the four beast kings of the Ancient Beast tribe had been made into specimens, hanging in the four corners of the hall, their eyes gouged out, facing the direction where Moon Fiend was sitting.
In this eerie and strange atmosphere, Moon Fiend actually felt an indescribable joy!
She was ecstatic, and suddenly, Moon Fiend burst into a manic laughter like a nervous breakdown!
“This is the outcome of those who humiliate me! This is the outcome!!”
As she was laughing, Yao Yue suddenly stopped.
She thought of Shu Fang, and she also thought of Lu Ming.
This grudge… she had only avenged half of it…
The humiliation from Shu Fang had already been vented for the most part.
Compared to Shu Fang, she hated Lu Ming more at this moment…
Shu Fang had humiliated her, but Lu Ming’s actions were betrayal and insults!
Thinking of Lu Ming’s stoic face, Moon Fiend could not help but raise her wine glass and finish the wine in it. After a moment of contemplation, she took out a communicator and dialed a certain contact.
The communication was quickly picked up, and a male voice came from the other end.
“Lord Moon Fiend.”
Upon hearing this, Yao Yue responded.
“Have you reached Xuanshui City?”
“I’m already here.”
“Do you remember what Lu Ming looks like?”
“I remember.”
“Go to the Three Elements Academy, find our people, have them provide Lu Ming’s location, and then bring back Lu Ming’s head!”
At the mention of Lu Ming, Moon Fiend gritted her teeth in hatred.
However, Moon Fiend was cautious… Even though Jiu Han’s main body had already been confirmed to have appeared at the front line, she dared not go to the heartland of the Eternal Clan with overwhelming hatred. So, she could not personally kill Lu Ming.
Therefore, she chose to entrust this matter to her subordinates.
The man on the other end of the communicator was in a dilemma.
“Lord, the thing is, Lu Ming stays inside the Boshi Tower all year round and he never goes out. 1 can’t do anything even if I want to.”
Moon Fiend pursed her lips and said, “Incompetent trash…”
The other party:”…”
After thinking for a moment, Moon Fiend continued, “Anyway, a mission is a mission. I only look for you when the difficulty is high. If it’s too easy, why would I look for a quasi god like you?”
” But here’s some information for you. Within three years, there will definitely be a major war in Qinghe Province. At that time, Jiu Han’s clone will naturally be unable to manage things on the Boshi Tower side. When the time comes, forcibly enter the Boshi Tower, seize the opportunity, and kill Lu Ming for me.” “If he doesn’t die, you will die, understand?”
The man on the other end of the communicator remained silent.
After a long time, the man’s voice sounded again, “Understood, Lord.”
“Good, that’s all.”
After ending the communication, Moon Fiend smirked arrogantly.
“Will it work?”
“Who cares…”
In any case, she did not have to take the risk herself. If her subordinate could kill Lu Ming, it would be good. If he couldn’t, it would just mean losing a quasi-divine subordinate.
To Yao Yue, her subordinates were consumables, and they had to be used as such.
After all, everyone beneath the gods was nothing more than an ant. Why should she care about the life or death of an ant?
Of course, the grudge between her and Lu Ming was something she could not ignore.
However, as a god, Moon Fiend had an endless lifespan, and she had plenty of time to wait for the next opportunity for revenge.
More than two months passed in a flash.
Neither Lin Feng nor Moon Fiend’s subordinates took any action.
Lin Feng had finally figured it out…
Rationality.
He had to be rational!
There was no need to delay the important matter because of Lu Ming. As long as everything was as Blood-eyed Master had said, once Jiu Han fell, Lu Ming would not be able to escape.
It was even simpler for Moon Fiend’s subordinates… Forcefully break into Boshi Tower? That was impossible.
After all, this Boshi Tower was a divine artifact. How could a quasi god like him just barge in?
In any case, the timing was not right and he could not take action.
Perhaps Moon Fiend, Lin Feng, and the others all felt that Lu Ming was just a small fry and an existence that could be easily crushed. It did not matter if they let him live for a few more years. Could he really change anything?
However, they did not know how fast Lu Ming was growing!
Other than Lu Ming, only Jiu Han was fully aware of this.
The 762nd day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Today was a big day for both Lu Ming and Jiu Han.
In the morning, Jiu Han’s clone arrived in front of the Third Zone of the cultivation tower, staring fixedly ahead.
And they saw…
The Eternal Stone-made cultivation tower in front of them had already turned into a dull gray.
This was a sign that his energy was about to be depleted.
Looking deeper, he could see Lu Ming sitting cross-legged on the third floor of the cultivation tower, the void power within his body was about to overflow.
This invisible and intangible energy surged and spontaneously fused into Lu Ming’s eyes.
“The Void Realm is about to advance.”
After Jiu Han confidently declared, he added, “The Flame Body Forging Technique is also nearing completion.”
Three minutes after these words, Lu Ming suddenly opened his eyes and took a deep breath.
A storm could be seen blowing from the cultivation tower.
The remaining energy in the cultivation tower seemed to be attracted by a black hole and surged crazily into Lu Ming’s mouth!
The crowded void energy even turned into a material gray airflow that surged into Lu Ming’s body and slowly floated up into his eyes!
Lu Ming’s eyes suddenly lit up with a pitch-black light, even causing Jiu Han to squint slightly.
“A pretty good talent.”
If Jiu Han said that it was good, it meant that the Void Realm was indeed quite good.
Then, Lu Ming slowly stood up from the futon.
Perhaps because his movements were a bit too intense, the cultivation tower began to collapse.
The Stones of Eternity, completely drained of energy, turned into brilliant dust, blown by the breeze, scattering in all directions like a crystalline rain.
Meanwhile, Lu Ming floated in mid-air.
As the Source Power surged, the Celestial Jade, the Iron-Sprout Divine Grass Futon, the Morning Dragon Pearl, and the Dao Source Flower Furnace, these four precious items automatically floated around Lu Ming.
With the four treasures, Lu Ming floated towards Jiu Han.
After placing the four treasures on the ground, Lu Ming respectfully bowed to Jiu Han.
“Thank you for your nurturing, Teacher.”
Jiu Han accepted Lu Ming’s gratitude with a smile and then asked.
“It’s all done?”
Lu Ming also smiled and nodded, saying, “it’s all done..”


CHAPTER-323
Chapter 323: The Beginning of the Metamorphosis

What was supposed to happen had all occurred, and both the Flame Body Forging Technique and the Void Realm had both advanced..
The Divine Power Realm’s Flame Body Forging Technique was actually quite conventional.
At most, it resulted in another increase in cultivation efficiency.
Flame Body Forging Technique (Divine Power) (Maximum): A Physique Realm Body Forging Technique. This secret technique requires the assistance of Flamestones during cultivation. Only when the flame’s vigor enters the body can one temper the physique!
Your Flame Body Forging Technique has already advanced to the Divine Power Realm. For every cycle of the Divine Power Realm Flame Body Forging Technique, it can increase your all three-dimensional attributes by 100 points and grant 100 free attribute points. Simultaneously, it will consume one unit of Flamestone.
The attributes obtained increased from 50 at the Intricate Realm to 100 at the Divine Power Realm.
However, this was not what Lu Ming needed. What Lu Ming needed was the additional effects brought about by the advancement of Source Power Skill to the Divine Power Realm!
The additional special effects did not disappoint Lu Ming.
You can obtain the following feedback from the Divine Power Realm’s Flame Body Forging Technique.
There was nothing fancy about it, just a simple, pure, but powerful… Doubling!
With a simple calculation, one could tell that Lu Ming had made a killing.
The doubled cultivation efficiency and attribute gains were enough to compensate for the time Lu Ming spent on Flame Body Forging Technique.
Without rushing to ask Jiu Han for the advanced body forging technique, Lu Ming turned his attention to the Void Realm again.
Void Realm (Advanced): This is a special ability that can break the rules of time and space! With the advanced Void Realm, it will allow you to master the power of time and space.
When you use the Void Realm on an enemy, the consciousness of the enemy who meets your gaze will be pulled into the Void Space. The enemy’s body in the external world cannot move, and the enemy’s consciousness inside the Void Space will experience a terrifying time acceleration of 1 second = 1 day. During this period, you can move freely, and the effect will last until your internal Source Power is exhausted!
“When you use the Void Realm on yourself, your consciousness can enter the Void Space. During this period, a day inside the Void Space is equivalent to one minute in the external world.
There was no need to look at anything else.
Just focus on one point, one day in the Void Space is equivalent to one minute in the external world…
When Lu Ming explained the effects of the high-level Void Realm, be it Lu Ming or Jiu Han, they both fell into complete silence.
For any normal person, such a terrifying time ratio was undoubtedly a form of torture, enough to make one suffer a mental breakdown and go crazy.
But for Lu Ming, this was the greatest reward God had given him!
After a long time, Jiu Han could not help but mutter.
“It seems that the period of explosive growth of your strength has probably arrived…”
All kinds of conditions and factors stacked together.
Lu Ming had no reason not to become stronger quickly!
Regarding the choice of the new body forging technique, Jiu Han’s attitude remained consistent with the attribute system.
“Ascend one level at a time, try not to skip levels.”
Perhaps becoming more and more satisfied with Lu Ming’s talent, Jiu Han said more this time.
“For practitioners of the Ancient Realm Body Forging Technique, the logic of cultivation is different at each realm. This makes the logic and methods of cultivating Body Forging Techniques at each realm different.”
“However, the core and essence are interlinked. And overall, the difficulty is also progressive.”
“If you have the talent, it’s better to cultivate the previous realm of body forging technique first, which can lay an extremely solid foundation for the practice of the body forging technique of the next realm.”
In the system language, that was the double special effect.
“Of course, it’s not that practicing the Ancient Realm Body Forging Technique directly is not allowed. In fact, this is the path most people take. Few can truly cultivate the body forging technique to the Divine Realm. However, I’ve never heard of anyone who has cultivated the Ancient Realm Body Forging Technique to perfection, using this method.”
This raised a question in Lu Ming’s mind.
“Teacher, what is the level of your Body Forging technique?”
Jiu Han glanced at Lu Ming and said to himself, “The Spiritual Realm Body Forging Technique 1 chose for you is called the Spirit Refinement Technique. The effect of this cultivation technique is conventional, but it’s not difficult to cultivate and has a good approach. It’s very suitable for laying a foundation.”
As he spoke, Jiu Han handed Lu Ming a Source Power Skill Sealing Ball. Then, his body illusion turned into light and dissipated.
This made Lu Ming realize one thing…
Most people in this world did not seem to have a high Body Forging Technique Realm.
After a long absence, Lu Ming returned to his small courtyard in the Boshi Tower. The first thing he did was take out the Source Power Skill Sealing Ball.
His consciousness sank into the seal ball. In an instant, Lu Ming had already learned this Body Forging technique called the Spirit Refinement Technique.
Spirit Refinement Technique (Beginner) (1/100): Spirit Realm Body Forging Technique.
Cultivating this body forging technique required one to be in an environment rich in source power. The higher the concentration of source power in the surroundings, the faster the cultivation speed of this technique!
“You have preliminary mastered the cultivation method of the Spirit Refinement Technique. Every cycle of the beginner level Spirit Refinement Technique can increase your all attributes by 10 points and 10 free attribute points.”
In simple terms, the necessities needed for this body forging technique were Source Power.
And within the Boshi Tower, due to the multiple gathering of the Source Array Formations, the concentration of Source Power was so high that it made one feel like vomiting.
“It’s quite suitable.”
He would not comment on whether it was good or bad for now. He just said that it was suitable in this aspect. Jiu Han had a handle on it.
“Then let me see how fast the cultivation speed of this Spirit Refinement Technique can be in the Boshi Tower!”
His consciousness sank into the Void Space.
In the wider Void Space, Lu Ming used the starting stance of the Spirit Refinement Technique!
Jiu Han’s clone dissipated into light and in the next second, he appeared in the main control room of the Bosgi Tower.
And here, there was another Jiu Han!
Unlike his clone, Jiu Han’s figure here was clear. It was his original self.
The old man did not care at all about the situation at the front line. At this moment, he secretly returned to the Three Elements Academy!
Beside Jiu Han was the unconscious Divine Spirit called Qing Jue.
When he saw Lu Ming sit cross-legged and begin to cultivate, Jiu Han squinted his eyes. Half of his attention was focused on Lu Ming and the other half on Qing Jue.
It was known that Lu Ming’s efficiency in absorbing Divine Source was related to the speed of becoming stronger.
The previous intermediate Void Realm provided a time ratio of one hour to one day.
And now, with the advanced Void Realm, the provided time ratio was one minute to one day!
It increased by 60 times!
This meant that Lu Ming’s growth rate had increased by 60 times.
In addition, now that Lu Ming had switched to cultivating body forging techniques, his efficiency in the beginning was probably not going to be high the cultivation efficiency of the entry level Spirit Refinement Technique was not higher than the Refinement Realm Flame Body Forging Technique.
However, with Lu Ming’s talent, it would probably only take a few hours in real time for the Spirit Refinement Technique to catch up with the Flame Body Forging Technique.
“Oh, right.”
Jiu Han muttered and waved his hand.
Therefore, the Celestial Jade, the Iron Sprout Divine Grass Futon, the Morning Dragon Pearl, and the Dao Source Flower Furnace appeared in Lu Ming’s room again.
He looked at Lu Ming and then at Qing Jue.
Jiu Han’s expression became focused, as if he were observing something far more important than warfare.


CHAPTER-324
Chapter 324: Dissecting the Divinity

One day in the void space equated to just one minute in real-time..
This effect was no different from attaching a rocket booster under Lu Ming’s butt and propelling him directly into the sky!
As for the new body forging technique, the Spirit Refinement Technique, it further increased Lu Ming’s efficiency in obtaining attribute points.
Although the entry level of the Spirit Refinement Technique provided +10 points per cycle, compared to the +50 of the Refinement Realm Flame Body Forging Technique and +100 of the Divine Power Realm,
it was obvious which one to choose…
Just as Lu Ming assumed the starting stance of the Spirit Refinement Technique, he immediately sensed a massive influx of Source Power into his body from the outside world.
Driven by Source Power, Lu Ming felt an unprecedented smoothness in cultivating the Spirit Refinement Method!
Body Forging techniques were like weightlifting and working out for regular people.
It focused on resistance training—only the weights were dumbbells and barbells, and now they were the strength of one’s own muscles.
Therefore, many movements of the body forging technique were very awkward. It was equivalent to twisting one’s thigh with one’s arm.
However, the characteristic of the Spirit Refinement Technique was that the higher the concentration of source power, the faster the cultivation speed!
At this moment, while cultivating the Spirit Refinement Technique in the Boshi Tower, Lu Ming felt no hindrance. The immense Source Power was like a pusher, propelling Lu Ming to complete one awkward move after another rapidly!
In just three minutes!
Three minutes in the Void Realm!
He had already finished cultivating one round of the Spirit Refinement Technique.
A large amount of insights rushed into Lu Ming’s mind. At this moment, with his eyes closed, he contemplated and digested them.
When he opened the attribute panel again, he discovered that his three attributes had increased by 20 points (10 basic points, and the Flame Body Forging Technique’s effect doubled the efficiency).
As for proficiency… it directly surpassed the proficiency limit of the entry level!
Spirit Refinement Technique (Mastery) (0/1,000).
Each cycle provided 20 points for all three-dimensional attributes and 20 free attribute points.
Coupled with the divine power effect of the Flame Body Forging Technique, a cycle equaled 40 points of all attributes.
Performing a simple conclusion, Lu Ming raised his hand again and made the opening gesture of the Spirit Refinement Technique.
Another three minutes later, the Spirit Refinement Technique was completed.
He opened his attribute panel and looked at the description of the Spirit Refinement Technique.
Spirit Refinement Technique (Mastery) (200/1,000).
Under normal circumstances, practicing the Body Forging Technique once corresponded to 1 proficiency point.
However, under the blessing of the Four Treasures and the special effects of the Divine Power Realm, Lu Ming now gained a terrifying 200 proficiency points when cultivating the Body Forging Technique!
And the time spent has changed from the original half an hour for one practice to the current three minutes for one practice…
Moreover, these three minutes were three minutes in the Void Realm, and in the outside world, it was probably just a blink of an eye!
Just as Jiu Han had said,
Lu Ming’s strength had reached its peak!
Fifteen minutes later in the Void Space, the Spirit Refinement Technique advanced again.
Spirit Refinement Technique (Proficient) (0/10,000).
Each cycle provided 50 points for all three-dimensional attributes and 50 points for free attribute points.
This speed was already comparable to the Flame Body Forging Technique in the Micro Realm, and the actual effect was multiplied by two!
No need to say more, continue training!
Two and a half hours later in the Void Space, his Spirit Refinement Technique advanced again.
Spirit Refinement Technique (Mastery) (0/100,000).
Each cycle provided 100 points for all three-dimensional attributes and 100 points for free attribute points.
“Keep going!”
After a simple estimation, Lu Ming felt that he probably would not need a whole day in the outside world before he switched to another body-forging technique…
He then glanced at his attribute panel and looked at the Divine Source Points column.
His eyebrows rose.
“It has increased so much… That’s right. My cultivation speed has increased so much, and the speed of extracting the Divine Source has also become much faster.”
It could be clearly seen that the number on the Divine Source Points column had already changed from the original 43 to the current 96!
Just as Lu Ming’s Spirit Refinement Technique reached the Mastery Realm, things on Jiu Han’s side had reached a critical moment.
Currently, Lu Ming’s efficiency in extracting Divine Source points had already surpassed Qing Jue’s self-recovery ability.
Traces of Divine Source were sucked away by Lu Ming, this black hole. When his self-recovery ability could not keep up previously, what Lu Ming moved was Qing Jue’s Divine Source reserve.
Jiu Han, whose eyes were shining with golden light, focused all his attention on Qing Jue.
Penetrating Qing Jue’s body with his gaze, Jiu Han clearly saw the lychee-sized divinity in Qing Jue’s mind.
With each acquisition of attributes by Lu Ming, the divinity would rotate, extracting a trace of divine essence, and then quickly recovering – but at this moment, Lu Ming’s absorption speed has exceeded the self-recovery speed of the divinity.
This made the divinity start to be insufficient.
It was like peeling an onion.
Layer after layer of Divine Source began to peel off from the lychee-sized divinity, turning into threads and strands, pouring into Lu Ming’s bottomless abyss.
Facing this seemingly ordinary situation, Jiu Han’s gaze was focused and deep, and extremely serious in observing.
Until Qing Jue’s divinity shrank by a full half.
The divinity abruptly stopped rotating.
Seeing this, Jiu Han’s gaze narrowed. After a long time, he took a deep breath.
“Silent state.”
Qing Jue’s divinity had already shrunk from a lychee to the size of a cherry.
At the same time, the divinity no longer rotated or separated. It even stopped producing Divine Source. Naturally, Lu Ming could no longer obtain Divine Source.
“Silent state.”
Jiu Han muttered and revealed the current state of Qing Jue’s divinity.
This was the silent state of the divinity.
The Divine Spirits control the Divine Source. Actually, it made sense that this saying could also be reversed.
Those who control the Divine Source were at the Divine Spirit Realm!
The foundation of Divine Source lay in Divinity.
Divinity was like the generator of Divine Source. It was precisely because of the possession of Divinity that the Divine Source of a Divine Spirit could be self-born and self-recovered, and could be used at will.
Normally, a divine persona had three layers.
The outer layer structure was the scattered Divine Source—it was like the fragrance emitted by a fruit.
If dealing with enemies below the Divine Spirit Realm or making normal moves, this portion of Divine Source was completely sufficient.
The middle layer was fruit flesh.
Taking Qing Jue’s divinity as an example, the part of his divinity that transformed from lychee to cherry was the peeled-off flesh layer, also called the middle layer.
As for the middle level, it was the essence of the god’s power – when fighting against opponents of the same level, it depended on the reserves of this layer.
Once the middle level was depleted, the divinity would enter a silent state, exposing the last level, the inner level.
It was also the core of the fruit!
The inner layer of the divinity could also be called the divinity core—this was a reward given by the Supreme God after one completed ascending the Heaven Ascension Stairs.
However, in fact, gods were unable to mobilize the power of the inner layer of the divinity.
The power that gods could mobilize was limited to the middle and outer layers.
Once the Divine Source in the middle and outer layer was exhausted and the inner layer of divinity was exposed, the divinity would enter a silent state.
When the divinity entered a silent state, it meant that the god himself had also entered a silent state. This required a long time to make up for the consumption of the divinity, waiting for the middle and outer layers to grow back.
This was the power logic of the strong in the realm of gods.
—Completely relying on his divinity.
And the divinity relied on the supreme god.
It was just like what Jiu Han had said — the manor owner and the gardener..


CHAPTER-325
Chapter 325: Dissecting the Divinity (2)

“In the silent state, the power of the gods has never been weaker.”
Because the divinity could not be circulated and was unable to provide the Divine Source, this led to the gods losing their strongest means and becoming no different from the ancient realm.
Usually, at times like this, the gods would fall into a deep slumber to heal their injuries.
The so-called injuries were actually just waiting for the Divine Source to slowly accumulate. Once the middle-tier divinity recovered a bit, the gods would naturally not be so weak.
But evidently, with someone like Lu Ming around, no matter how much Qing Jue’s divine power recovered, Lu Ming could extract as much as he wanted—so Qing Jue’s middle-layer divinity obviously could not recover.
What Jiu Han needed was precisely this!
He stared at the inner-layer divinity with a burning gaze.
Jiu Han could see that countless intricate patterns naturally grew on this round little thing.
Even with Jiu Han’s expertise in array formations, looking at these patterns made him feel dizzy, as if he could not grasp them.
However, he was certain of one thing.
The patterns on this divinity were a sophisticated and high-end array formation.
Jiu Han had naturally seen the inner-layer divinity before.
Without the need for research materials, he could analyze his own inner-layer divinity—as long as he exhausted the divine power, the inner-layer divinity would naturally be exposed. It was just a bit risky, but finding a safe place would solve that.
“But that’s not the problem.”
“The problem is that the divinity is three-dimensional, but I can only see the exterior of the divinity. I know nothing about the internal structure of the divinity.”
There was also no way to directly dissect the divinity.
Divinity was sturdy and a perfect whole.
Only the power of Divine Source could injure the divinity. However, once the inner-layer of the divinity was injured, it would instantly shatter into pieces and disperse into light, signifying the fall of the divine spirit.
Either intact or shattered and dispersed.
Therefore, ever since ancient times till now, no one had been able to complete the analysis of the inner-layer divinity.
But now things were different.
Because in this world today, a freak who could absorb Divine Source had appeared!
“If Lu Ming can absorb Divine Source, can he absorb the power in the inner-layer of the Divinity?”
“It’s like peeling an apple, Lu Ming is that knife. He stripped the power of the inner-layer of the divinity, layer by layer, allowing me to completely understand the secrets of the inner-layer divinity?”
Jiu Han was not confident about this either.
But at least it was a way.
In fact, from the moment he saw Lu Ming absorbing the Divine Source, Jiu Han immediately thought of this!
—Dissecting the divinity was like an extremely precise surgery.
And now, a doctor named Jiu Han had found a scalpel called Lu Ming!
Lu Ming’s significance and role in this place were even greater than his talent, even far exceeding it!
And just as Jiu Han was observing Qing Jue’s divine core, Lu Ming’s spiritual refinement technique also broke through the Proficient Realm and reached the Perfect Realm!
This increased Lu Ming’s suction force once again!
In Jiu Han’s eyes, what he saw was Qing Jue’s divine core trembling once again.
This made Jiu Han involuntarily clench his fists.
The huge suction force from Lu Ming was like a hungry ferocious beast wanting to devour the food called Divine Source.
However, there was no food—Lu Ming had already consumed all the Divine Source from the outer and middle layers.
Helpless, the ferocious beast could only turn his gaze to the most difficult-to-chew inner layer!
However, the inner layer was firm and not that easy to chew…
Therefore, a confrontation occurred.
Lu Ming’s suction force and the stability of the divine core itself created a battle that was invisible to the naked eye. However, in Jiu Han’s eyes, it was even more dangerous and high-level than a divine battle.
In the end, neither could do anything to the other.
“Insufficient.”
“The suction force is still not enough!”
Jiu Han muttered, but his eyes erupted with intense excitement.
This was because the divinity had not collapsed!
The fact that it did not collapse was the greatest good news. It meant that this method had a real chance of success!
Lu Ming was like warm water, and the divinity was like a toad.
All of this was like boiling a toad in warm water.
Slow and gentle, yet deadly!
Another hour later, Lu Ming’s Spirit Refinement technique broke through to the Refinement Realm.
The speed of acquiring attributes once again skyrocketed.
Qing Jue’s Divinity trembled even more intensely.
Perhaps this divinity could not withstand Lu Ming’s suction anymore. It suddenly trembled, and strands of liquid Divine Source seeped out of the divinity.
The normal Divine Source could not solidify into this form—this was enough to prove how high the essence of this trace of Divine Source was, which did not even have a drop of the Divine source.
Jiu Han immediately came to this conclusion—this was not Qing Jue’s power, but a power inherent to the divinity.
It was a power that belonged to the supreme god!
In the next second, this trace of liquidized Divine Source instantaneously vaporized and enveloped the inner layer of the divinity.
As a result, the fruit core once again grew its flesh.
Qing Jue’s divinity had, in an instant, returned to its peak state!
It was also at this moment that Lu Ming immediately sensed that he could absorb the Divine Source again…
So, the cycle returned to the starting point.
Jiu Han suddenly burst into intense laughter!
“I saw it! I saw it!”
“I finally saw it!!”
During the morning class the next day, Lin Feng vaguely sensed the difference in the atmosphere.
Both his cheapskate master and cheapskate junior brother wore visible smiles on their faces.
After a relaxed and enjoyable morning class, at Jiu Han’s instructions, Lin Feng returned to his room to study, feeling perplexed.
From the beginning to the end, he had no idea what joyous event Jiu Han and Lu Ming had encountered.
After Lin Feng left the classroom, Jiu Han immediately turned to Lu Ming.
“How’s your cultivation of the Spirit Refinement Technique going?”
Lu Ming replied respectfully, “I’ve already reached the Divine Power Realm.”
Yes, he had already reached the Divine Power Realm…
And all of this took only one day of real-time!
Although he knew what was going on, when he heard Lu Ming’s progress, Jiu Han could not help but fall into silence.
After a long time, he sighed and said, “I’ve also found a Source Realm Body Forging technique for you.”
“It’s a Body Forging secret technique called the Origin Scripture. This technique shares the same origin as the Spirit Refinement Technique. 1 think it should suit your taste.”
Lu Ming immediately grinned, “That’s absolutely perfect for me.”
Nothing mattered more to Lu Ming than the efficiency of his cultivation.
“By the way, Teacher.” Lu Ming asked again, “Recently, I’ve felt that my physical strength seems to have vaguely reached its limit. I want to ask Teacher, should I…”
Before Lu Ming could finish speaking, Jiu Han’s hand had already pinched Lu Ming’s arm.
After grouping Lu Ming’s arm for a while, Jiu Han immediately shook his head and said, “Still a long way to go.”
Lu Ming immediately narrowed his eyes.
Currently, his three-dimensional attributes had already reached the level of 70 million. But according to Jiu Han, this was still far from the birth of the blood pattern.
Perhaps noticing Lu Ming’s slight disappointment, Jiu Han quickly comforted him.
“The path of blood patterns is indeed difficult. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be so rare.”
“Your current physical strength has almost reached the bottleneck below the blood pattern. Once you reach the bottleneck, your physical strength will stop progressing.”
“Only by constantly tempering and polishing will the bottleneck be reduced. The day the bottleneck is eliminated will be the day the blood pattern is born.”
“In short, everyone has been through this, even if you have exceptional talent, you can’t avoid this hurdle…”


CHAPTER-326
Chapter 326: Bottleneck = Progress Bar

Ever since Lu Ming started cultivating, he had never encountered any bottlenecks.
For Lu Ming, the bottlenecks that others faced were like jokes, as he could easily surpass them.
However, this time, Lu Ming realized that he probably might not avoid the bottleneck of the blood pattern.
He could only wait until he returned and see what the system had to say about it.
Just as Lu Ming was about to take his leave, Jiu Han spoke again.
“There’s another matter.
“Teacher, please go on.”
“Do you remember what 1 mentioned to you before, the path that belongs exclusively to you?”
Lu Ming immediately nodded, “Of course 1 remember.”
If he could mobilize the Divine Source within his body, Lu Ming would become an Outer Dao God! He would have strength comparable to that of a god!
“I have an idea.”
After saying this, Jiu Han immediately added, “However, this path requires profound knowledge of array formations. Not only me, but you also have to master the Dao of array formations.”
Lu Ming was slightly stunned and fell into deep thought.
Jiu Han continued, “If you want, don’t miss any morning classes from now on. I’ll teach you array formation knowledge during the morning classes. You can also self-study in the library on this subject.”
“Of course, I understand that you might feel learning about array formations will delay your cultivation. But 1 believe it’s worth it.”
With that said, Jiu Han paused and continued, “The choice is up to you.”
As he spoke, he turned around and walked out the door.
On the way back, Lu Ming was still pondering these two issues.
The first was the problem of the blood pattern bottleneck.
The second was the problem of the Dao of array formations.
By the time he returned to his cultivation room, Lu Ming had roughly sorted out his thoughts.
“I’ll just grind the bottleneck and learn the Dao of array formations.”
In any case, Lu Ming did not seem to have any other choice.
“But 1 still need to see what the system has to say first.”
Perhaps the system could provide Lu Ming with a perfect and satisfactory solution?
His consciousness sank into the Void Space and he took out the Origin Scripture’s Source Power Skill Sealing Ball. Soon, Lu Ming grasped the cultivation method of the Origin Scripture.
This body forging technique was indeed as Jiu Han had said. It came from the same source as the Spirit Refinement Technique. It was a body forging technique where the higher the concentration of Source Power, the faster the cultivation.
As a Source Realm body forging technique, the attribute points provided by the Origin Scripture to Lu Ming were also ten times that of the Spirit Refinement Technique!
Upon entry, there was a loo-point attribute point gain for each cycle.
Lu Ming immediately started cultivating.
A few hours of real-time later, Lu Ming ended his cultivation and opened his attribute panel.
His attributes came into view.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Physique Realm, Level 5.
Strength: 100 million
Physique: 100 million
Agility: 100 million.
Free attribute points: 100 million.
Divine Source Points: 163
And 100 million three-dimensional attributes was the limit mentioned by Jiu Han…
After Lu Ming reached this limit, no matter how much he cultivated the body forging technique, he could not increase a single bit of his physical strength, and even the free attribute points could not be raised.
However, he could still absorb Divine Source Points.
“As for the bottleneck…”
Lu Ming muttered and looked at the column below.
He saw that at some point, a line of text had appeared below the attributes.
Blood Patterns Bottleneck: 0.001%
Note: You can use one Divine Source Point to increase your progress by 10%.
Admittedly, when Lu Ming saw this line of text, he could not help but feel a bit amused.
The crying point was that this blood pattern bottleneck seemed really difficult to break through.
The laughing point was that the system had actually created a progress bar for this bottleneck.
“Well then….”
It was fine as long as there was a progress bar.
With a progress bar, I’ll show you how I can max it out!
As for using divine source points to increase the bottleneck progress, Lu Ming thought about it but decided not to do so.
If he could farm it, he would farm it. If he could not, he would cheat and add points.
The days returned to normal.
Speaking of which, ever since Lu Ming came to the Three Forms Academy, he seemed to have been quite calm. Although his cultivation speed had increased several times, all in all, this was not really a disturbance.
Every morning, he attended the morning class, listened to Jiu Han explain array formation knowledge along with Lin Feng. In his free time, Lu Ming would also go to the library to read books, constantly enriching himself.
Although it delayed the attribute grinding a bit, there was a saying about a balance between work and rest, so learning about array formations could be considered a form of relaxation.
A week later, in the Void Space, after using the newly learned Ancient Realm Body Forging technique, the Ancient Divine Nerve to polish the bottleneck, the progress bar had already reached 15.76%.
The progress was relatively fast.
After ending the cultivation of the Body Forging technique, Lu Ming sat cross-legged again. Source Power splashed out from his fingertips and following Lu Ming’s will, danced in the air, forming lines, one after another.
At this moment, Lu Ming was fully focused and concentrated.
Soon, with the lines orderly arranged, a simple Gathering Source Formation took shape.
Seeing the shining array formation, Lu Ming could not help but heave a sigh of relief.
“It’s finally done.”
In the past week, besides reading books, Lu Ming had been studying the basic knowledge of array formations during classes. However, he had to admit that the subject covered a lot, and many things had to be learned from the basics.
As a result, it was only until today that Lu Ming was barely able to personally set up the simplest Gathering Source Formation.
“But where there’s a will, there’s a way. Once I’ve got the hang of it, nothing will be a problem for me.”
He opened his attribute panel and scrolled down to the skill column.
It was clearly seen that as Lu Ming set up the Source Gathering Formation, the attribute panel had recorded it.
Array Formation Ivi (1/1000).
Array formation belonged to miscellaneous studies, so it did not provide attribute bonuses. However, it was the proficiency requirements that made Lu Ming furrow his brows.
“It seems a little difficult to upgrade this thing…”
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming once again focused and constructed a Source Gathering Formation.
Proficiency+1.
This thing was much harder to obtain than cultivating body forging techniques.
But Lu Ming did not mind.
Since the days were peaceful, he had plenty of time.
And time was Lu Ming’s best friend!
At the same time, Jiu Han’s research reached a stalemate.
There was too much Divine Source in the inner layer of the Divinity.
Every time Lu Ming drained it, a wisp of liquid Divine Source would surge out from the inner layer of the Divinity.
After countless repetitions, there was no sign that this thing would be used up.
However, even the seawater was not endless.
As long as Lu Ming was around, he would eventually be able to pry open the inner layer of the divinity and see the true appearance of this so-called divinity.
In fact, Jiu Han already had some vague guesses about the true appearance of the divinity. Every time the energy of the divinity was exhausted and liquid Divine Source surged out from the inner layer, Jiu Han could catch a glimpse of the deep structure of the inner layer of the divinity.
However, he could not see clearly, so Jiu Han did not dare to make a judgment.
Just then, the voice of his clone sounded in his ear.
“There’s a disturbance at the frontline battlefield, return quickly.”
Jiu Han frowned.
After thinking for a moment, he suddenly sighed.
“Speaking of this battle, it started inexplicably for unknown reasons…”
“Eternity, and the leader of the subversives hidden behind the scenes… What are you fighting this battle for, and what do you all know?”
Jiu Han did not understand..


CHAPTER-327
Chapter 327: Three Years

Time passed, and the years flew by.
Three years flashed by in the blink of an eye.
During these three years, the Black Mist Zone had not been peaceful.
The biggest storm was still the battle between the Aeonians and the Subversives.
In the beginning, no one took this battle to heart.
Perhaps some thought that the Aeonians would quickly destroy this organization that seemed to have emerged from some obscure corner.
Or perhaps they believed that although the two sides were at odds, there would be a moment when their leaders would sit down at the negotiation table and resolve the issues with words rather than fists.
—After all, war was just a means, not an end.
With both sides having similar strength, there was no need to fight to the death. The ultimate result would only be mutual destruction, and neither side would benefit.
Yet, under this consensus, the Subversives unexpectedly rejected the Eternals’ negotiation requests several times.
The war escalated, becoming more and more intense, and the scale became larger and larger…
It spread to every corner of the Black Mist Zone.
They had gone mad.
At least in the eyes of the world, the Subversives were indeed mad.
There were no reasons, no goals.
Just fighting, destroying, and unleashing a storm called death throughout the entire Black Mist Zone!
Today was the start of school in the Three Elements Academy.
Compared to previous years, the number of students applying this year was somewhat sparse.
Moreover, on the faces of the students, there was a lack of the lively spirit of youth. On closer inspection, most of them wore a look of concern.
Dong! The bell rang.
Indicating that the exam had started.
The freshmen and adult candidates were divided in an orderly manner under the instructions of the examiners.
Among the adult candidates, Wang Xiong remained calm, with a stable and measured aura.
Soon, Wang Xiong arrived at the Assessment Hall and suddenly heard a voice he had not heard for a long time.
“Almost late, fortunately, I made it in time.”
Wang Xiong turned around abruptly to look at the source of the voice and saw a familiar figure standing next to the chief examiner.
The figure appeared young, with a strong physique and well-defined features. Although there was a slightly stiff smile on his face, Wang Xiong could read the genuine joy from that familiar face.
“Brother Lu!”
He did not even care about the order in the exam hall, and rushed to the front of Lu Ming. He opened his arms, intending to give Lu Ming a long-awaited hug. However, considering Lu Ming’s personality, his movements stiffened in place.
It was Lu Ming who took the initiative to hug Wang Xiong.
“It’s been a long time.”
A familiar face and a familiar voice.
Wang Xiong’s eyes subconsciously welled up.
Wang Xiong had too many things to say to Lu Ming after reuniting with his old friend, but he did not know where to start.
After holding it in for a while, Wang Xiong finally spoke, “How did you know that I came to the Three Elements Academy?”
Lu Ming just smiled and tapped his temple.
“Sensory perception and the Dao of array formations.”
Lu Ming did not delve into the details and instead asked, “I didn’t expect to see you in the Three Elements Academy. Why are you here?”
Wang Xiong smiled and said, “There’s no end to learning… Two years ago, I left the Nanxiang gathering place and adventures everywhere in the Eternal Clan’s territory to hone my strength. However, after training for a while, I realized that my foundation was too weak. When 1 heard that the Hundred Schools of Philosophy were recruiting students and I happened to be near the Three Elements Academy, I thought I’d come and take a look. If 1 can enroll, I’ll enroll. If not, I’ll figure out something else.”
At the side, the chief examiner, Jiang Weiquan, smiled and said, “That’s a good train of thought. The words ‘there’s no end to learning’ even encapsulates great principles. Not bad, not bad…”
Lu Ming turned to Jiang Weiquan and smiled, “This is my fellow countryman.”
At this point, Jiang Weiquan immediately nodded in understanding.
Jiang Weiquan still had to give Lu Ming face.
After all, he had witnessed Lu Ming being taken in by Jiu Han. He had also personally heard Jiu Han boast about his closed-door disciple on several occasions in public.
From the sound of it, Jiuhan had the tendency to nurture Lu Ming to be the next sect master of the Hundred Schools of Philosophy.
Lu Ming then turned to look at Wang Xiong.
“By the way, how’s everything back home?”
Hearing this question, Wang Xiong fell into brief silence.
Then, he nodded and said, “Overall, it’s generally fine, but we’ve moved again.” “Moved again?”
“Yes, we couldn’t stay in Qinghe Province anymore. We had to move to the hinterland of the Aeonians… In any case, for people like us who are insignificant, we can only avoid the war. We can’t decide where to go, and we have to go where it’s safer.”
Wang Xiong’s tone was slightly depressed, but not much.
Lu Ming could only nod in understanding.
“It can’t be helped…”
In the recent wars, even if Lu Ming closed his ears to the outside world, there were still too many discussions.
Three years ago, the Subversives Alliance had breached the Hundred Thousand Mountains and infiltrated the Eternal Clan’s Qinghe Province. After a brief standoff in Qinghe Province, several major battles had broken out.
The Divine Spirit Realm experts of both sides attacked. The war began to evolve into a divine war. Moreover, a year ago, the two sides officially fell out!
A fight to the death!
Lu Ming still remembered that there were only four words that dominated the headlines that day.
An all-out war!
But, unexpectedly, the Aeonians were actually at a disadvantage against the Subversives.
The battlefront of Qinghe Province was in a constant state of retreat. Lu Ming had encountered Jiu Han several times, but he did not see any joy on Jiu Han’s face. Instead, his face was somewhat pale, as if he had exhausted too much Divine Source—indicating how dire the situation on the battlefield was.
On the side, Jiang Weiquan suddenly spoke up, “It’s not just Qinghe Province.”
“The situation on the Plain Field Province’s front is also not looking good.”
In response to this, both Lu Ming and Wang Xiong remained silent.
They understood the severity of the situation.
But what could they do?
The three of them stood together, gazing ahead as the examination officially began.
Wang Xiong was about to go to the examination hall when Lu Ming’s voice suddenly sounded again.
“By the way, Brother Wang, how’s Chengcheng doing?”
Wang Xiong was slightly stunned when he heard this. Then, he turned to Lu Ming with a hint of amusement in his eyes.
“Yo, Brother Lu, it’s not like you to actively inquire about Cheng Cheng’s affairs…”
Facing Wang Xiong’s teasing, Lu Ming only smiled and shook his head. Then, he heard Wang Xiong say, “Cheng Cheng is doing well; she already has the strength of the Spirit Realm. Three years ago, she joined the Sky Monitoring Bureau, and it seems she’s doing well within the bureau.”
With that said, Wang Xiong pondered for a moment before saying, “Two months ago, we even had a call. Cheng Cheng said that the bureau had sent her to the battlefield at the Plain Field Province. I wonder how she’s doing now.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Lu Ming turned to look at Jiang Weiquan. Jiang Weiquan seemed to know what Lu Ming meant and replied, “The high-level combatants on the battlefield in the Plain Field Province are indeed from the Sky Monitoring Bureau. Although the situation over there is not good now, there should be no risk of falling in the short term.”
Despite these words, Lu Ming still felt a little uneasy.
Until Wang Xiong patted Lu Ming’s shoulder.
“Don’t worry. Cheng Cheng is quite formidable now.”
“Speaking of which, Cheng Cheng has always wanted to look for you and spar with you in person to see if the gap between you two is still as big as it used to be.”
Cheng Cheng was indeed strong…
However, after Wang Xiong finished speaking, both Lu Ming and Jiang
Weiquan laughed..


CHAPTER-328
Chapter 328: Entrustment

“Alright, i’ll wait for her.”
Lu Ming smiled and took out a smart communicator.
“By the way, Brother Wang, let’s add each other as friends. You go ahead and take the exam, and we’ll chat after you finish.”
Wang Xiong immediately nodded and also took out his smart communicator.
After exchanging contact numbers, Wang Xiong turned around and headed to the examination hall. Lu Ming turned to look at Jiang Weiquan. “Teacher Jiang, please take care of him.”
Jiang Weiquan smiled and said, “Certainly, certainly.”
On the way back to Boshi Tower, the smart communicator in Lu Ming’s hand suddenly rang.
It was a business card push notification from Wang Xiong, with the name “Zhang Chengcheng” written on it.
The next line included an emoji covering its mouth with a laugh.
Lu Ming chuckled and sent a “Thank you.”
Back in his mansion at Boshi Tower, before Lu Ming could even take a sip of water, the smart communicator rang again.
At the top of the push notification bar, there was a line of text.
Zhang Chengcheng requests to add you as a friend.
This caught Lu Ming off guard for a moment…
After a while, Lu Ming clicked on the notification bar and accepted Zhang Chengcheng’s friend request. The communicator then made a series of “ding ding” sounds.
“Brother Lu?”
Is that you?
Is the name card Wang Xiong pushed to me really you?
Perhaps Zhang Chengcheng thought that this was just a joke Wang Xiong made out of boredom.
After three consecutive sentences, neither side responded. A moment later, Lu Ming finally reacted.
He initiated a video call.
The call was quickly answered on the other end.
Thus, after three years, their faces met again through the screen.
“Brother Lu?”
Lu Ming grinned, “Didn’t you see me?”
On the other side of the communicator, Zhang Chengcheng’s eyes were visibly moist.
Before Zhang Chengcheng could say anything else, a few other female voices suddenly sounded from beside her.
“Brother Lu? Is that Brother Lu? Let me take a look!”
The camera shook wildly and the faces of Heluo and Ivy squeezed together and appeared on the narrow screen.
“Let me take a look too!”
Another face appeared above Heluo and Ivy’s faces.
It was Wei Lan.
Lu Ming smiled again, “Are you all together?”
“Yes, we’re all here…”
The girls chattered non-stop, expressing that they were doing well and they were also taking good care of Zhang Chengcheng.
After a long, lively conversation, the communicator was returned to Zhang Chengcheng.
The voices of the other three girls gradually faded away, and Zhang Chengcheng seemed to be the only one left in the room.
Their eyes met through the screen. Soon, Lu Ming said softly.
“Are you okay?”
“I’m fine, all is well. How about you?”
“I’m doing well too. I’m currently at the Three Elements Academy., apprenticed to Master Jiu Han. In short, I’m doing well.”
“By the way, about the war in the Plain Field Province…”
“It doesn’t affect me… Thanks to Heluo, we were left in the rear, doing some paperwork.”
“Oh, that’s great.”
To be honest, Lu Ming and Cheng Cheng were not talkative people.
Even though they had missed each other for a long time, they could not find many words to say when they met again through the screen.
However, just looking at each other, it seemed like it was already enough.
“Chengcheng, you’ve lost weight.”
“Of course not… But Brother Lu, you’ve become stronger again…”
“Muscles equal strength; isn’t this my motto? Speaking of which, can you see the slight changes even when I’m in the Self-Limitation State?”
“Of course. Even the slightest change in Brother Lu can’t escape my eyes.”
As they spoke, the two of them started chatting.
Both had smiles on their faces and the conversation was nothing more than some trivial matters.
According to Lu Ming’s usual personality, he would have felt that such idle chatter was just a waste of time. However, at this moment, Lu Ming felt a strange sense of satisfaction and fulfillment when he chatted with Zhang Chengcheng about these completely meaningless things.
After chatting for more than 40 minutes, there was suddenly a knock on Lu Ming’s door.
With a thought, the door automatically opened. Outside the door, Yan bowed slightly to Lu Ming and said, “Senior Brother, Master is looking for you for something urgent.”
Lu Ming nodded gently and looked at Zhang Chengcheng again.
Without needing Lu Ming to say anything, Cheng Cheng had already said, “Then Brother Lu, go ahead. We’ll talk again next time.”
“You can call me anytime, and i’ll be free anytime.”
Lu Ming smiled and said, “Me too.”
After following Yan to the front gate, Lu Ming stepped into the teleportation array formation. In the blink of an eye, he appeared in Jiu Han’s cultivation room.
Inside the room, Jiu Han’s clone stood in the middle of the room. Perhaps sensing Lu Ming’s arrival, he turned to look at Lu Ming.
When he saw Jiu Han’s face, Lu Ming could not help but frown.
“Teacher, what happened to you…”
“Oh, you’re talking about this.” Jiu Han raised his hand and touched a purple-black mark on his face that looked like a poisonous imprint. He then said, “The injury left behind by the Corpse God.”
“I’ll make it short.”
“The situation on the front line in Qinghe Province is getting worse and worse. Just last night, the Corpse God appeared at the front line of the battlefield. 1 exchanged two moves with him and felt that something was wrong.”
“In order to deal with the situation at the front line, I must withdraw more than half of the defense forces inside Boshi Tower.”
“This includes my clone, most of the Divine Source in the tower, and even the Tower Spirit in the Boshi Tower.”
At this point, Jiu Han paused slightly, “How’s your progress in learning the array formations?”
Lu Ming replied in a low voice, “My progress is slow, but 1 haven’t slacked off.”
Jiu Han nodded and said, “That’s good.”
“In short, after I leave, I’ll hand over the core control of Boshi Tower to you. If there’s anything you’re unfamiliar with, you can ask Yan.”
“After 1 leave, you must help me take care of this Three Elements Academy. Don’t let anyone steal my home.”
Jiu Han finished speaking with a smile. Although he used a joking tone, Lu Ming could hear a hint of seriousness in his voice.
This made Lu Ming take a deep breath and nod, “1 won’t let Teacher down.”
“Yes, that’s it… During this period of time, be cautious about everything.”
“The situation is getting more and more troublesome.”
As he spoke, the figure of Jiu Han’s clone gradually faded, soon disappearing completely.
Another golden light descended from above onto Lu Ming’s backhand, forming a tower-shaped mark – this was the core control array formation of Boshi Tower!
Through this core array formation, Lu Ming could sense everything inside Boshi Tower and control most of the functions of Boshi Tower.
Moreover, he could faintly perceive that the Divine Source in the Boshi Tower was rapidly depleting, being transferred to Jiu Han’s main body.
Until only an extremely faint trace remained – roughly equivalent to one percent of the original amount, that the transfer finally stopped.
“The Corpse God…”
As he muttered this name under his breath, Lu Ming subconsciously narrowed his eyes.
Clearly, the Corpse God brought unimaginable pressure to Jiu Han.
It even forced Jiu Han to restrain all his strength to deal with the threat of the Corpse God.
After a long time, Lu Ming sighed deeply.
“I hope everything stays safe..”


CHAPTER-329
Chapter 329: Hidden Killing Intent

Qinghe Province.
The war had already spread to the heartland of Qinghe Province.
The two factions, the Aeonians and the Alliance of Subversives, faced off on both sides of the Sangba River.
On the battlefield, the military camps stretched as far as the eye could see.
There were even bizarre war weapons prostrating near the military camps.
However, the most conspicuous was a city and a mountain on the battlefield.
The city was the Sky City of the Corpse God!
This city had already moved from the Corpse God’s Territory to the frontline of the battlefield. The appearance of the Sky City meant that the Corpse God, Zero, had personally arrived!
The enormous Sky City floated above the west bank of the Sangba River. Its location was even closer to the enemy camp than the military camp at the frontmost.
Not only did this show the Corpse God’s absolute confidence, but it also boosted the morale of the Subservives Alliance.
On the other side of the Sangba River.
A towering mountain floated in the air. The size and magnificence of the mountain was not inferior to the Sky City.
Upon closer inspection, the mountain had a whitish color, and with more scrutiny, it could be seen that half of the mountain was actually shaped by the Eternal Stones!
This was the Mountain of Time!
It was the carriage and divine artifact of Vicky, one of the three guardian gods of the Eternal Clan!
At this moment, in the Master God Palace of the Mountain of Time.
Jiu Han suddenly opened his eyes and took a deep breath.
It could be clearly perceived that the aura on Jiu Han’s body instantly expanded, and the purplish-black patches on his face gradually faded with the strengthening of his aura, eventually turning into a faint but unsightly mark.
“I didn’t eradicate the root… This is troublesome. Tsk, tsk, tsk. Zero is indeed a formidable opponent. I’ve suffered a huge loss this time.”
As Jiu Han muttered, Vicky’s voice came from beside him.
“Mr. Jiu Han’s loss will be compensated on my end. Since I have arrived, I will naturally deal with the Corpse God. Mr. Jiu Han only needs to deal with other opponents.”
Vicky, the god of the Eternal Clan, looked young with the characteristic silver hair of the Eternal Clan.
His features were handsome, even with a slightly feminine and gentle quality. When he smiled, he revealed two shallow dimples.
His voice was warm and gentle, and overall, he looked like a somewhat quiet and elegant young man. The only thing that showcased his aura was the silver-white robe he wore.
The dazzling robe, with runes and arrays on it, even made Jiu Han a bit dizzy and confused.
It was challenging to discern the functionality of this robe from its surface, and Jiu Han could only vaguely guess that it was related to the power of time….
In any case, after glancing at Vicky, Jiu Han immediately smiled. “I’m relieved that you’re here.”
Originally, the commander of this battlefield was Jiu Han.
However, with the arrival of the Corpse God, Jiu Han’s strength was somewhat insufficient to control the situation. Despite Jiu Han’s fame and strength, he had not reached the level of a guardian god.
Because of this, Vicky of the Eternal Clan came into play.
“However…” Jiu Han suddenly changed the subject. “Now that you’re here, Viki, I think I don’t have much to do on this side. 1 suddenly remembered that there are some matters at home that I haven’t taken care of. What do you think…”
Jiuhan was trying to escape…
His personality was not inclined toward bloodshed, and more importantly, Jiu Han still had not figured out the root cause of the war between the two major forces!
In Jiu Han’s view, there were too many strange things about this battle, so many that Jiu Han just wanted to run away as soon as possible.
Before he could finish speaking, Vicky had already interrupted Jiu Han with a smile.
“Mr. Jiu Han is also a member of our Eternal Clan. The war is urgent now. Teacher Jiu Han, you’ve taught me for so many years. There’s no reason for you not to understand the meaning of the words ‘without the lips, the teeth feel the cold’, right?”
Jiu Han squinted his eyes but did not say more.
Just then, thundering drums sounded from outside.
Vicky slowly floated up and smiled at Jiu Han.
“Here they come again… Mr. Jiu Han, please join me in facing the enemy.”
Jiu Han sighed slightly in his heart but he had to get up.
In the Eternal Clan, Jiu Han held a high position, but even so, he could not surpass the guardian gods.
Moreover, he was on the battlefield and could not violate military orders.
At this point, Jiu Han could only focus his strength and go all out. Of course, it was not about fighting desperately against the Subversives but rather ensuring his own safety in the midst of this unpredictable situation.
Lin Feng’s consciousness gradually sank, and he soon arrived at the dream realm space.
He opened his eyes and surveyed the surroundings.
He discovered that over a dozen people had already arrived in the dream space before him.
The number of people here was increasing, and they were becoming more diverse.
Although they were all peripheral members of the Subversive Alliance, each had different superiors.
For example, Lin Feng’s superior was the Blood-Eyed Venerable of unknown identity.
And the superior of the quasi-god beside him was Moon Fiend, who had a grudge against Lu Ming.
There were also various other people, and Lin Feng did not know who their superiors were. He only knew that this group of people had gathered in Xuanshui City, all with evil intentions and their own schemes.
However, with Jiu Han personally presiding over this place, it was enough to sweep away all the evil tricks and schemes. Despite the increasing number of undercover agents of the Subversive Alliance over the past three years, there had not been any major movements.
After standing on the spot and waiting for a while, more and more people gathered around.
Until the number of people reached 23, in the open space in front, accompanied by a blood-red light, two figures appeared out of thin air in the center of the area.
The figure of one of them was hazy and blurry, but the familiar aura and the blood-eyed phantom behind him all revealed this person’s identity. It was Lin Feng’s master, the Blood-Eyed Venerable.
The person standing beside the Blood-Eyed Venerable revealed his face openly to everyone!
He was an ancient demon!
Standing nearly three meters tall, his exposed skin was covered in black scales, and he wore light blue armor that seemed to be made of ice.
His two curved bull horns were in the shape of a crescent moon, and his pale golden vertical pupils were filled with cruelty and tyranny!
As the demon breathed, a light blue chill spewed out of his mouth and nose.
Even though this was a dream space and not reality, Lin Feng and the others could still sense that this cold chill was able to destroy them in an instant!
Divine Spirit Realm!
This demon was undoubtedly at the Divine Spirit Realm!
Sensing this, everyone lowered their heads, not daring to look directly at the Blood-Eyed Venerable and the ancient demon.
Until the Blood-Eyed Venerable spoked softly, *
“Let me introduce, this is one of the four pillar gods of the Ancient Demon
Clan, the Ice Pillar Demon God, Jeros.”
“He’s also one of the venerables among the subversives.”
After the introduction, everyone said in unison, “Greetings, Venerable.”
“Hmph.”
Jeros replied softly. Although his voice was cold and violent, his attitude was still considered gentle.
Sweeping his gaze across the 23 people present, Jeros said, “Is this all our men in Xuanshui City?”
At the side, Blood-Eye replied, “Of course not. These are just the leaders of the various sleeper groups. Each group can still gather more people.”
“Oh.” Jeros muttered again and suddenly chuckled and said, “Forget it, forget it. It doesn’t matter if there are more people or not.”
“What’s important is that I’m here. Then this Xuanshui City will definitely be destroyed!”
With that, Jeros looked at the other twenty-three people.
“This time, I’ll lead the team. My goal is to destroy Xuanshui City and the Three
Elements Academy..”


CHAPTER-330
Chapter 330: Blood Demon Gate

In an all-out war that would not end until one side died, any morality, any code, were laughable and naive.
The sole purpose of the warring parties was to bring complete and utter destruction to their opponents!
In such a scenario, a rear assault became an option!
And Xuanshui City was an excellent target.
The Hundred Schools of Philosophy were not weak in strength and its influence was even greater. If the leader of the Hundred Schools of Philosophy, the Three Elements Academy, could be destroyed in one fell swoop, it would undoubtedly deliver a significant blow to the entire Eternal Clan!
And the timing at this moment was just right.
Jiu Han was tied up on the front lines.
Moreover, he had siphoned off most of Boshi Tower’s power.
Although Boshi Tower was still a divine artifact and the Quasi Gods remained unshaken… Jeros was already here.
With a god present, a divine artifact deprived of most of its power could not stir up much trouble.
“With the target identified, all that’s left is the details.”
After saying this, Jeros turned to look at Blood-Eye.
“Whose abilities are stronger among them?”
Blood-Eye smiled and looked at Lin Feng.
“This is my disciple, with outstanding ability, and his identity on the surface is that of an in-name disciple of Old Man Jiu Han. He lives in the Boshi Tower and has learned the Dao of Array Formations from Jiu Han. I believe he should be of considerable help in this operation.”
Blood-Eye said a lot, clearly paving the way for Lin Feng.
This prompted Lin Feng to take a few steps forward, first bowing deeply to Blood-Eye, and then respectfully looking at Jeros.
Jeros smiled and said, “Not bad, not bad. Having our own people inside Boshi Tower makes things much more manageable.”
“I have a task for you. Help me organize the personnel in Xuanshui City, including their approximate strength, their status and positions. Give me a rough plan as soon as possible.”
“Speed is the key to everything.”
“A week, within a week, 1 want to see Xuanshui City turn into a frozen wasteland!”
Lin Feng immediately nodded.
“I will not disappoint the Venerable!”
Xuanshui City had been somewhat chaotic recently.
The three frontlines had been breached, and the Aeonians were attacked on three sides. This caused many people in the city to start moving to the safer heartland.
Xuanshui City was an excellent target.
This place had the Three Elements Academy and Jiu Han guarding it. In the eyes of most people, there was definitely no possibility of this place being affected by the flames of war.
However, this situation has brought about another problem.
The influx of foreigners has caused a severe breakdown in the security of Xuanshui City.
The city’s land area was limited, and so were the houses and buildings.
Although in the supernatural world, skyscrapers could be built overnight, the related supporting facilities, public management, and the supply of goods were always difficult problems to solve.
Outside Xuanshui City.
The original agricultural area had already turned into a slum.
The farmlands were destroyed, and a large number of illegal constructions have sprung up, forming a maze-like city.
Guan Chao and Gan Song walked through this city maze. The filth and evil along the way made both Guan Chao, a police lieutenant, and Gan Song, a student of the Three Elements Academy, involuntarily frown.
Trash was everywhere.
Countless beggars roam the streets.
Children in dirty clothes ran around the streets, their lively eyes emitting a thieving gleam.
There were also beautiful women in ragged clothes standing on the street. Most of them had iconic silver-white hair—in a peaceful era, it was hard to imagine the noble Eternal Clan members resorting to illicit activities due to life’s pressure.
After breaking free from the begging children and the seductive women, Guan Chao and Gan Song, looking disheveled, arrived at the corner of a certain street.
The two of them lit their cigarettes and smoked in silence. Soon, Gan Song stubbed out the cigarette and cursed, “Damn war!”
After speaking, he turned to look at his good friend, “So, Brother Chao, you didn’t bring me here to give me a social practical lesson, right?”
Guan Chao smiled bitterly and shook his head, “How could it be… 1 didn’t expect this lousy place to be in such a mess…”
With that said, Guan Chao’s expression turned serious, “I brought you here this time because 1 need your knowledge. If I remember correctly, you should have studied the Demonic Mysteries subject in the Three Elements Academy, right?”
At the mention of this, Gan Song seemed to recall something.
His expression turned serious as he nodded and said, “Yes. Could it be…”
“I’m not sure, but I think it’s best to bring you over to take a look.”
With that said, Guan Chao took the lead and walked towards the depths of the alley.
The surrounding illegal structures blocked the light, making this place dim and somewhat eerie.
As he walked, Guan Chao spoke, “A long time ago, someone reported a missing person case.”
“The missing persons were mainly concentrated among the incoming population, and the areas that they went missing were all in this new slum.”
“As you know, our police department has not had enough manpower during this period of time. Moreover, there are too many refugees who are not registered, making it impossible for us to assess how serious this missing persons case is.”
“Originally, everyone, including me, thought that this case was just an ordinary case. But unexpectedly, when I came here two days ago for official business, I happened to see this.”
At this point, Guan Chao suddenly stopped.
He pointed ahead, and Gan Song crossed over Guan Chao and looked forward.
On the dirty wall ahead, a palm-sized, blood-red rune was shimmering and flickering!
The exquisite patterns of the runes were dense and contained a strange energy.
When Gan Song, who was at the Spirit Realm, saw this rune, he vaguely felt as if there were noises in his ears, and even his mind became dazed and confused…
Until Guan Chao slapped the back of Gan Song’s head and woke him up!
Gan Song suddenly turned around to look at Guan Chao, his face filled with fear and even despair!
“The Blood Demon Gate!”
“This is the Blood Demon Gate!!”
If someone in the Black Mist Zone was considered the ancestor of teleportation,
then, the Demon Clan would definitely be the first choice.
In the past, the Demon Clan had brought endless calamities to the various clans in the Black Mist Zone. With their mastery of teleportation, they could easily appear in every corner of the world.
Their special combat abilities were almost at the peak in the Black Mist Zone.
Countless years ago, the Demon Clan was annihilated or, to put it more accurately, absorbed.
The one who absorbed them was the Ancient Demon Clan!
The Ancient Demon Clan took in the experts, armies, territories, and even technologies of the Demon Clan, becoming the overlord of the Black Mist Zone.
And long ago, they were defeated by the Eternal Clan and driven to the far-western frozen land.
Since then, the whereabouts of the Ancient Demon Clan in the world has been unknown.
Their world-famous teleportation technology had also been simplified and curtailed, turning into a modern means of transportation.
Gan Song, however, did not expect to actually see this rune in Xuanshui City, which had once brought countless sorrows to the world.
The Blood Demon Gate Rune!


CHAPTER-331
Chapter 331: Ice Pillar Demon God: Jeros

“Using flesh and blood as a sacrifice to break through the spatial barriers and create an extremely long-distance teleportation channel.”
“This is the Blood Demon Gate!!”
Gan Song briefly explained the characteristics of the Blood Demon Gate, causing Guan Chao to furrow his brows.
He pointed at the glistening rune in front of him.
“Are you sure this is the Blood Demon Gate Rune?”
Gan Song numbly nodded, “I’m sure.”
“What should we do with it?”
Gan Song shook his head, “No way to deal with it.”
“This thing has already completely taken shape…”
Only then did Guan Chao realize the gravity of the matter.
“You said there’s no way to deal with it? Are you sure!?” he anxiously asked.
“I’m sure,” Gan Song’s tone gradually became low. “A Blood Demon Gate requires 9,999 Blood Demon Gate Runes. These runes can be scattered everywhere. They’re small, concealed, and have no energy fluctuations.”
“Only after the Blood Demon Gate is completely formed will the runes flash and emit energy fluctuations… and at this stage, unless you can completely eliminate the 9,999 runes within a short time, the opening of the Blood Demon Gate is irreversible.”
After Gan Song finished speaking, the two of them fell silent.
They did not utter a word for a long time.
Until behind them, the Blood Demon Gate rune suddenly emitted a bright light.
The light intensified and soared into the sky!
Gan Song slowly turned around and looked at the light that soared into the sky. After a brief glance, Gan Song closed his eyes in pain.
“It’s too late…”
All was too late.
It could be seen that more than 9,000 red columns of light instantly shot up from every corner of Xuanshui City.
These red columns of light flew into the sky like squirming red earthworms and twisted and entwined in the high altitude… Within three seconds, they constructed a blood-red gate!
The gate floated more than a hundred meters above Xuanshui City, and its massive door was like a dark cloud, even covering one-tenth of Xuanshui City!
In the city, the quasi-divine level City Lord’s expression changed drastically when he saw this scene!
Without thinking too much, he flew out and quickly reached the front of the gate.
“Ancient Demon Clan!?”
“How dare you attack the heartland of our Eternal Clan! Audacious!”
The City Lord’s words were considered righteous… but one could easily detect a hint of hidden fear.
The defeat at the front lines had indeed dealt a blow to the long-standing pride of the Aeonians.
Many people gradually realized that the Aeonians were not invincible in this world… Just like the various overlords in the Black Mist Zone in the past, dynasties would always have their rise and fall.
As the saying went, “Kick a man when he’s down.” With the battle situation at the front line failing, all kinds of bad guys appeared.
However, the City Lord of Xuanshui City still could not imagine that the Ancient Demon Clan, who had once lost to him, would actually be the first to invade the heartland of the Eternal Clan!
With a creaking sound, the Blood Demon Gate slowly opened.
In an instant, an overwhelming cold air surged out from the gate, instantly covering the entire Xuanshui City.
The temperature in the city dropped by more than ten degrees instantly, and it continued to decrease.
Low breathing sound emanated from the gate, and an even colder aura, accompanied by the murmurs of the Ancient Demon, landed on the City Lord’s body
“Audacious? Attack?”
“No, no, no… This is just your retribution!!”
“Today, I, the Ice Pillar Demon God, Jeros, will use the blood of all the people in your Xuanshui City to declare the return of our Ancient Demon Clan!”
Golden vertical pupils suddenly appeared from the gate.
The direct gaze of the god instantly caused the City Lord’s entire body to collapse and dissipate into ashes.
Two huge demonic claws ruthlessly stretched out from the gap in the gate. At this moment, Jeros grabbed the Blood Demon Gate with both hands, and pulled forcefully with all his strength.
The sound of creaking continued to burst.
A few seconds later, the Blood Demon Gate completely opened!
At this moment, Xuanshui City and the Frozen Land, two regions separated by hundreds of thousands of miles, were now connected through the Blood Demon Gate!
“Jeros, permanently solidify the Blood Demon Gate!”
A deep voice sounded from the Demon Abyss behind.
This made the expression on Jeros’ face even more ferocious.
He licked the corners of his mouth and a ferocious glint exploded in his eyes.
The Divine Source in his body surged out and rushed towards the Blood Demon Gate!
“Understood.”
“Wasteland Boss.”
Divine Source had endless magical uses, not only for combat against enemies but also in many areas where it has the miraculous effect of turning decay into magic.
At this moment, solidifying the Blood Demon Gate was one of the applications of Divine Source.
Originally, the Blood Demon Gate had a limited duration.
Once the power of the Blood Demon Gate was exhausted, the gate would collapse and dissipate.
However, at this moment, under the infusion of Jeros’ Divine Source, the Blood Demon Gate was transforming from a limited time to permanent.
Once successful, there would be a permanent teleportation gate between Xuanshui City and the Frozen Land. This also meant that the Aeonians and the Ancient Demon Clan would face each other head-on.
The decision of the Ancient Demon Clan could be described as violent!
It was unknown if they had something to rely on or if they were acting recklessly.
In short, since the Desolate Demon Lord had given the order… The Ice Pillar Demon God, Jeros, did the same.
At this moment, no one in the entire Xuanshui City could resist the power of the Divine Spirit Realm.
People either fled for their lives or hid at home and waited for things to change.
About ten seconds later, a faint humming sound emanated from the sky.
Everyone looked up at the Blood Demon Gate.
They could see that in the Frozen Land opposite, an endless pale blue shadow of demons flapping their wings and flying towards Xuanshui City.
The first Ice Ancient Demon crawled out of the Blood Demon Gate.
Then the second.
The one-hundredth.
The one-thousandth…
Until tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands, and even more!
Countless demonic creatures passed through the Blood Demon Gate and arrived in Xuanshui City.
They scattered in all directions.
As a result, chaos and slaughter spread!
The defense array of the Three Elements Academy had already been activated at the first moment.
However, this defensive formation was just for show—after all, being in the heartland of the Eternal Clan, with the presence of the Boshi Tower and Jiu Han guarding it, there was no need to make the defensive array too advanced….
This resulted in the defensive array being instantly broken through by the ancient demons from the Ancient Realm. Fortunately, the teachers and worshippers in the school intervened to stabilize the situation.
But stability was only temporary.
The Three Elements Academy was the largest target in Xuanshui City, naturally attracting more enemies and experts!
The school broadcast suddenly sounded, with the voice of Lu Ming coming through.
“All teachers and students, enter the Boshi Tower immediately!”
Inside the Boshi Tower, Lu Ming stood in the main control room, his gaze penetrating the Boshi Tower to look at the entire Xuanshui City.
At this moment, there were some ripples appearing on Lu Ming’s calm face.
His gaze deepened as he muttered in a low voice, “Ancient Demon Clan, Divine Spirit Realm, Ice Pillar Demon God Jeros.”
After a long time, Lu Ming sighed, “It’s a little troublesome…”
This attack came suddenly and it happened to be at a time when Jiu Han was not around.
It also caught Lu Ming somewhat off guard..


CHAPTER-332
Chapter 332: Lu Ming, You’re Doomed This Time!

At this moment, Yan was standing beside Lu Ming.
He also saw the current situation in Xuanshui City. Fear and worry filled his youthful face.
Until Lu Ming stabilized his mind and quickly spoke.
“Open the Boshi Tower and let all the students in the academy come in.”
The academy’s defensive array formation was just a joke. To withstand the attack of external enemies, they had to rely on the artifact left behind by Jiu Han, the Boshi Tower.
“Yes, Senior Brother.”
Yan’s expression turned serious and he was about to leave when Lu Ming said, “Think of a way to inform the government that Boshi Tower can be opened to the public to shelter the people.”
The Three Elements Academy could not fully represent Xuanshui City.
Other than the students in the academy, there were too many people in Xuanshui City who needed the protection of the Boshi Tower.
At this moment, what Lu Ming was thinking was to fulfill the task entrusted to him by Jiu Han.
Protect Jiu Han’s hometown.
Watching Yan leave the control room, Lu Ming’s gaze was deep.
A moment later, he muttered softly.
“Teacher is a good person, and the academy is also a decent organization.”
“So, we should not only protect the teachers and students of the Three Elements Academy but also try to protect the people in Xuanshui City as much as we can…”
“Yes, if Teacher were here right now, 1 think Teacher will do the same.”
Thinking of this, Lu Ming suddenly shook his head. “Teacher would probably just go out and kill that Ice Pillar Demon God directly…”
“Forget it, I won’t think about it too much.”
After muttering this, Lu Ming lifted his leg and took a step, and he was back to his manor in just one step.
Sitting cross-legged on the futon, Lu Ming looked at the control array formation on the back of his hand, contemplating the current situation.
After a long time, Lu Ming finally made a decision.
He opened his attribute panel and looked at the skills column.
The words “Array Formation (lv25)” caught Lu Ming’s eyes.
“A level 25 array formation. While it may not be considered a master-level formation outside, it can still be considered an advanced array formation.”
“However, it might be challenging to perfectly control Boshi Tower with this level of Dao of Formations…”
“If that’s the case…”
With a thought from Lu Ming, a little Divine Source immediately disappeared. At the same time, the words “Formation (lv25)” quickly squirmed and changed to 1v26!
A large amount of formation knowledge suddenly appeared in Lu Ming’s mind. After rapidly digesting it, Lu Ming felt that his understanding of the Dao of Formation had improved.
“Not enough…”
Therefore, he had to continue adding points!
According to Lu Ming’s estimation, Jiu Han’s proficiency in the Dao of Formation path might be over 1,000 levels. If he wanted to completely control Boshi Tower, he needed at least level 200 array formation knowledge.
Then, he glanced at his seven-digit Divine Source…
Lu Ming could not help but sigh, “1 originally did not want to take any shortcuts… but 1 had no choice, it’s you guys who forced me.”
The moment the school broadcast sounded, a large number of teachers and students had already rushed towards the Boshi Tower.
As a divine artifact of Jiu Han, Boshi Tower was usually mysterious and not open to the public.
But in the current critical situation, and with Lu Ming having the authority to handle the situation, he did not have the luxury of being selective.
Under the tower, as Lu Ming opened the door of the Boshi Tower, the two massive doors opened with a bang, revealing the vortex-shaped teleportation entrance inside.
This teleportation entrance was nearly ten meters in diameter. Passing through this place would be considered entering the Boshi Tower. They would then be teleported to various places inside the Boshi Tower by the teleportation array formation.
Due to the time constraints, heavy tasks and the lack of manpower, Lu Ming naturally would not carefully screen the identities of those entering the tower at this moment.
As long as they were not from the Ancient Demon Clan, they were qualified to enter the tower.
Squeezed in the crowd, Lin Feng strode towards the Boshi Tower.
Lin Feng vaguely swept his gaze behind him and could see a few familiar faces also looking at him, even nodding slightly in acknowledgment.
This made the corners of Lin Feng’s mouth curl up and he almost laughed out loud.
At this moment, he only had one thought in his mind.
“Lu Ming, you’re courting death!”
Originally, if Lu Ming hid well in the tower, he could still buy some time for himself.
Survive, Lu Ming would definitely not be able to survive… As soon as Jeros solidified the Blood Demon Gate and freed up his hands, a Boshi Tower without a god guarding it would definitely not be able to resist Jeros.
At that time, Lu Ming would have no choice but to surrender.
Actually, Lin Feng could accept this outcome. Although by relying on Jeros, it was not as satisfying as taking revenge himself… it was fine as long as the outcome was good.
But he did not expect Lu Ming to actually play the Virgin Mary.
At this moment, Lu Ming opened the Boshi Tower to shelter the students of the Three Elements Academy and the citizens of Xuanshui City.
Little did he know that by allowing these people to enter, he had also let all the spies outside into the Boshi Tower.
Now things were interesting…
Lin Feng was confident that he could take down Lu Ming without even needing Jeros to attack!
Lin Feng skillfully passed through Boshi Tower, and after a brief moment of dizziness, Lin Feng returned to his small courtyard.
Shi walked over from the front and looked at Lin Feng with a worried expression.
“Senior Brother.”
Before Shi could finish speaking, Lin Feng spoke quickly.
“Shi, go help Junior Brother Lu Ming. I suddenly remembered something and needed some personal space.”
Shi was slightly stunned, but he still obeyed Lin Feng’s orders and left the manor.
Only after confirming that Shi had left did Lin Feng take a deep breath.
Returning to the cultivation room, he activated the array formation he himself had set up.
As the large formation isolated all external perceptions, Lin Feng looked towards the central part of the room, where a tower-shaped mysterious rune was located.
His eyes suddenly erupted with light.
Lin Feng threw his head back and laughed wildly, “Lu Ming, you’re doomed this time!”
As a lucky seedling, Lin Feng’s talent in Source Power Skill cultivation was not very outstanding.
However, Jiu Han had once commented that Lin Feng’s array formation talent was quite extraordinary!
The extraordinary mentioned by Jiu Han was basically equivalent to astonishing talent in the mortal world. From this, it could be seen that other than luck, Lin Feng himself also had some commendable qualities.
At this moment, Lin Feng’s gaze landed on the tower-shaped rune in front of him. The corners of his mouth could not help but curl into a cold smile.
This rune was a special rune meticulously engraved by Lin Feng and designed and created by the array formation masters in the subversive organization to fill in the gaps.
Its effect was to seize control authority over the Boshi Tower from the tower spirit and the core control array formation!
When Jiu Han was around, this array formation had no practical use.
But now that both Jiu Han and the Boshi Tower’s tower spirit were gone, this array formation could display its divine might!
Sitting cross-legged in front of the array formation, Lin Feng closed his eyes, earnestly sensing the array formation.
As he gently tapped his fingers and waved the source power, he soon penetrated the core control center of Boshi Tower through this array formation.
He could clearly sense that there was a distinct imprint in the core control center of Boshi Tower—it was his useless junior brother, Lu Ming.
This caused Lin Feng to smirk.
“Kid, watch how I deal with you!”


CHAPTER-333
Chapter 333: Seize

If the Boshi Tower was likened to a computer, then Lin Feng at this moment was a hacker.
He hacked into the computer through the hardware (tower-shaped array formation), ready to modify the computer’s program.
On the other hand, Lu Ming was equivalent to an antivirus software, serving as the defense line against the hacker.
In this confrontation, individual strength became meaningless.
What determined the victory or defeat of both sides was only the level of proficiency in the Dao of array formations!
At this moment, Lin Feng did not feel the slightest possibility of losing to Lu Ming!
‘Don’t be kidding.
Lu Ming only had cultivation talent but no array formation talent… How could he compare to himself?
In terms of talent and hard work, Lin Feng admitted that he was inferior to Lu Ming.
However, Lin Feng would absolutely not acknowledge that Lu Ming’s proficiency in the Dao of array formations could surpass his own!
If Lin Feng’s array formation strength were to be calculated in levels, Lin Feng’s array formation level was probably around level 43.
Compared to Lu Ming’s original level 25, it was naturally much higher.
Therefore, Lu Ming did not sense anything when Lin Feng first invaded the core control of Boshi Tower.
And Lin Feng had indeed planned this for a long time.
“First of all, this…”
As Lin Feng made some subtle changes, his manor was completely shielded. Lu Ming could not observe everything that happened in Lin Feng’s manor through the array formation inside the Boshi Tower.
“And then this!”
As Lin Feng made some more changes to the array formation, a teleportation light suddenly surged.
A total of five people suddenly appeared in Lin Feng’s secret chamber.
Turning to look at these five people, Lin Feng nodded slightly. After the others had overcome the dizziness from the teleportation, they also nodded to Lin Feng in acknowledgment..
Among the five of them, two were quasi-god level experts, one was at Level Nine of the Ancient Realm, and the other two were also at high levels of the Ancient Realm.
These five people all had the same goal as Lin Feng—to kill Lu Ming quickly!
Two of them were Moon Fiend’s subordinates, and the hatred did not need much explanation.
The remaining three people were either Lin Feng’s close friends or were brought in to help through his relationship with the Blood-eyed Master.
Looking at Moon Fiend’s quasi-god level subordinate, Lin Feng quickly asked.
“Did you bring the thing?”
The quasi-god level expert named Kebo nodded.
“I’ve brought it.”
As he spoke, Kebo took out a golden bead.
The main body of the bead was transparent, resembling a container, with a dense golden airflow inside the bead..
That was Divine Source!
Moon Fiend’s Divine Source!
Seeing this Divine Source, Lin Feng’s eyes immediately lit up!
“That’s enough.”
Since Moon Fiend also wanted revenge against Lu Ming, she naturally had to contribute.
To have Moon Fiend personally come forward, she definitely would not dare.
However, sealing a trace of Divine Source for her subordinates to bring over was clearly not a difficult matter.
After receiving the Divine Source, Lin Feng took a deep breath on the spot.
After crushing the crystal ball, the Divine Source overflowed and, as if having self-awareness, swiftly entered the tower-shaped array formation!
After a long time, Lin Feng finally dared to touch the tower-shaped array formation that had already turned golden. He closed his eyes and sensed for a long time before smiling in satisfaction.
“It’s done!”
With the addition of this trace of Moon Fiend’s Divine Source, it was enough to resist the remaining Divine Source in the Boshi Tower.
After the Divine Source canceled each other out, Boshi Tower naturally lost the ability to suppress quasi-gods!
Adding to the fact that there was no Divine Spirit Realm expert in the tower at this moment. Lin Feng had even secretly taken control of a part of the Boshi Tower…
With various factors overlapping.
Lin Feng just wanted to say, “At this moment, 1 can do whatever I want!!”
Turning his head and looking behind, Lin Feng grinned.
“Who wants to go meet our super genius?”
The ridicule in his words made the remaining five people laugh.
“I’ll go.”
One of Lin Feng’s good friends, named Bo Hao, spoke up. He was at the Seventh Level of the Ancient Realm.
As for whether the Seventh Level of the Ancient Realm was Lu Ming’s match…
Sorry, he was too much of an opponent.
Although Lu Ming was extremely talented, he was still too young. In just three years, if he could increase his three silver patterns to thirty silver patterns, he’s admittedly awesome! But even with thirty silver patterns, it’s only the Fourth Level of the Ancient Realm, still far from the Seventh Level of the Ancient Realm!
Seeing Bo Hao taking the lead, the others no longer objected.
Kebo spoke, “I want him alive. If we can bring a living Lu Ming to Lord Moon Fiend, I believe Lord Moon Fiend will not hesitate to reward you.”
Although Yao Yue was very low, that was only the low level of the Divine Spirit Realm. Anything leaked by a divine spirit was a treasure that quasi-gods would desire—such as Divine Source!
Bo Hao nodded with a smile, and Lin Feng activated the array formation.
Teleportation light emerged, and the next second, Bo Hao had already appeared in Lu Ming’s small courtyard.
“Add more points!”
Array Formation IV33!
A large amount of knowledge appeared out of thin air in Lu Ming’s mind. It took him a while to digest and absorb all this knowledge.
It was just like how one’s body strength would increase explosively when advancing. It would take some time for one to familiarize himself with the explosive increase in strength.
Using Divine Source Points to directly increase the skill level also required a certain amount of time to digest the relevant knowledge—this meant that every time Lu Ming allocated points, he needed a few minutes of interval.
With the array formation reaching IV33, Lu Ming looked at the core control array formation in his hand and faintly gained more understanding of the grand formation inside the Boshi Tower.
He also discovered something unusual…
“Is someone trying to seize my authority?”
At level 25, Lu Ming could not even detect Lin Feng’s subtle actions.
He only discovered this when he reached level 33.
And discovering it, Lu Ming temporarily could not do anything about these underhand means—he did not even know that the one making these foul moves was Lin Feng.
Correspondingly, there were also fewer countermeasures.
Sensing the teleportation fluctuation flashing in the courtyard, Lu Ming frowned.
“Phew.”
After heaving a sigh of relief, Lu Ming activated the array formation of the Boshi Tower, blocking the perception of the outside world of his courtyard. Then, he pushed open the door and entered the small courtyard.
In this place filled with the fragrance of flowers and the chirping of birds, a man named Bo Hao stood with his hands behind his back. He sized up Lu Ming and then smiled as he spoke, “Lu Ming? Come with me. Someone wants to see you. Don’t make me take action, or you won’t have a good ending… Gaa~”
The voice stopped abruptly.
Lu Ming’s hand was already on Bo Hao’s neck.
He exerted a little strength and a crisp sound was heard.
Blood sprayed high into the air, like a fountain.
The broken neck seemed to have been crushed by an irresistible force, and the visible cracks were too gruesome to witness!
His head was twisted off by Lu Ming…
“Where did this clown come from?”
Lu Ming frowned and pondered for a moment, but he did not have an answer.
He could only shake his head.
“Allocate points!”
Array formation IV33-IV34!
The situation was obvious—someone had infiltrated the Boshi Tower.
The top priority was to quickly raise the array formation level and regain control of the Boshi Tower—without the Boshi Tower, it meant that Lu Ming had lost the last line of defense to protect the Three Elements Academy, and he would not be able to fulfill the task entrusted by his teacher.
As for where this clown came from…
After regaining control, everything would be clear, and there would be no need to think about such nonsense now..


CHAPTER-334
Chapter 334: Aren’t You A Piece Of Trash?

Just as Lu Ming changed the array formation and blocked the perception of the outside world, Lin Feng acutely sensed that something was wrong.
If originally he was like having installed a high-definition camera in Lu Ming’s courtyard, able to witness the beautiful scene of Lu Ming being captured and beaten by Bo Hao, then at this moment, when Lu Ming changed the formation, such a scene became inaccessible.
“It’s a bit regrettable…”
“Moreover, this junior brother of mine, in the Dao of array formations, is indeed much stronger than 1 imagined.”
After sighing and saying this, Lin Feng shook his head.
“But it doesn’t matter.”
He still did not think the outcome would change in any way.
And three minutes later…
Lin Feng frowned.
“Bo Hao’s movements are a bit too slow…”
Bo Hao, a level seven expert of the Ancient Realm, against Lu Ming.
Taking three minutes… that was somewhat unacceptable.
“Perhaps Bo Hao can’t help but feel a little emotional after seeing a genius…” said Kebo smiling.
“However, it’s not good to waste too much time. Lord Moon Fiend is an impatient person. Sikong Zhen, go take a look.”
“Yes, my lord.”
The man called Sikong Zhen was at the eighth level of the Ancient Realm and was Kebo’s subordinate. He was equivalent to Moon Fiend’s subordinate.
At this moment, hearing Kebo speak, Sikong Zhen simply nodded and stood in front of Lin Feng.
Lin Feng did not think too much about it and only said, “1 can’t observe the situation over there now. If there’s anything wrong over there, shout my name in time. I can hear it.”
Sikong Zhen smiled coldly and clenched his hands, producing a few crisp sounds.
“What could go wrong? Just a little brat. I’ll settle this matter in a minute.”
A teleportation light suddenly emerged.
Sikong Zhen was in a daze until his feet landed on the ground and he steadied himself.
Before he could observe his surroundings, a calm voice suddenly sounded in his ear.
“Allocate points!”
“Allocate points!”
What does that mean?
Sikong Zhen was confused for a moment… In the next second, he felt a powerful force surge into his mind.
“Smack!”
“Bang.”
Lu Ming slapped Sikong Zhen’s head, with a backhand, bursting it open.
A minute had passed, but there was still no sign of Sikong Zhen and Bo Hao….
Lin Feng, Kebo, and the others could not help but look at each other. Soon, Kebo frowned.
“Lin Feng, could it be that you made a mistake and teleported them to a place they shouldn’t have gone?”
Lin Feng also frowned and retorted, “Do 1 look like an idiot to you?”
Although Lin Feng was weaker in strength, he had a powerful backer. At this moment, when Lin Feng spoke rudely, Kebo could only calm down and asked, “Then what’s going on?”
A level seven Ancient Realm expert and a level eight Ancient Realm expert had inexplicably disappeared. Coupled with the fact that one of them was Kebo’s right-hand man, it was no wonder that Kebo’s tone was somewhat unfriendly.
After some thought, Lin Feng suddenly clapped and gave an answer.
“This kid is playing dirty with us!”
“I guess he has a quasi-god-level bodyguard on his side. Initially, this quasi-god did not show up. Then, Lu Ming suddenly changed the array formation, causing the surveillance on my side to fail. Only then did Lu Ming call for help and set a trap for Sikong Zhen and Bo Hao!”
The more Li Feng thought about it, the more plausible it seemed!
Taking a deep breath, Lin Feng suddenly smiled coldly, “Good heavens, this guy is playing tricks even when he’s on the verge of death!”
The other quasi-god, Deng Miao, spoke softly.
“How many quasi-gods are there in the Three Elements Academy now?”
“One, only one,” Lin Feng replied.
Quasi-god level experts were second only to the Divine Spirit Realm, making them significant figures. There were originally only three quasi-god-level experts in the academy.
But the war had been tense some time ago, and the other two quasi-gods had gone to the front lines. At this moment, there was only one quasi-god left in the academy—this information could not be wrong.
After Lin Feng finished speaking, Kebo immediately said, “Don’t go one by one. This time, the three of us will go together.”
“Two quasi-gods and one level nine Ancient Realm expert. Even if Lu Ming has the protection of a quasi-god, he won’t be able to withstand the three of us joining forces!”
Deng Miao immediately nodded, “Alright!”
Lin Feng and the other level nine Ancient Realm expert, Rafe, also had no objections.
The teleportation light flickered again.
The figures of Kebo and the other two instantly disappeared without a trace.
In the frozen land.
Before the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss.
Moon Fiend stood there and looked up. She could see the huge Blood Demon Gate in the sky and the Ice Pillar Demon God, Jeros standing in front of the gate.
His demonic body expanded to the heavens, and a massive amount of Divine Source surged into the Blood Demon Gate like a storm.
At this moment, Jeros’ imposing aura was truly magnificent!
Looking behind, one could clearly see the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss.
It was rumored that the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss was bottomless and led straight to the core of the earth. There were many dangers inside. Even if a god went deep, there was a possibility of death.
But today, the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss was conquered by one person!
It was the absolute overlord of the Ancient Demon Clan, the Desolate Demon Lord with the strength of the clan guardian god!
With Moon Fiend’s Divine Spirit Realm perception, she could vaguely sense that although the aura under the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss was calm and hidden, the sense of danger it gave her was dozens or hundreds of times stronger than that of Jeros!
“Why are you here?”
The voice of the Desolate Demon Lord came from under the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss.
His voice was neither warm nor cold.
Moon Fiend listened but quickly turned around and said, “I’m just here to take a look.”
“Oh.” The Desolate Demon Lord said a word and fell silent, seeming unwilling to chat with Moon Fiend.
That made sense…
Although they were both members of the Subversives faction, one was the leader of the Ancient Demon Clan, the guardian god of the clan, and the other had a notorious reputation with relatively weak strength… The fact that the Desolate Demon Lord paid any attention to Moon Fiend was already giving her face.
However, Moon Fiend wanted more.
She smiled and said, “Lord Desolate, you might not know this, but Jiu Han’s last disciple, Lu Ming, has a grudge against me. If I could witness the death of Lu Ming or capture him alive, it would be a great pleasure for me…”
The Desolate Demon Lord understood what Moon Fiend meant.
After thinking for a moment, he could not help asking, “If you want to capture him alive, why don’t you do it yourself?”
Moon Fiend’s expression turned awlward. After a long time, she muttered, “It’s really too dangerous to go deep into the territory of the Eternal Clan…”
“What about now? It’s not that dangerous now, right?”
The Blood Demon Gate had already opened, which meant that Moon Fiend had a perfect escape route. There was also Jeroes and the Desolate Demon Lord guarding the back. Under such circumstances, the danger to Moon Fiend was naturally not that great.
Moon Fiend thought for a moment and said, “I’ve already sent someone to capture that Lu Ming. Now, we just have to wait.”
The Desolate Demon Lord nodded, but he did not want to bother with Moon Fiend anymore.
To put it bluntly, this Moon Fiend was very timid. Even so, she was reluctant to personally go to Xuanshui City.
Moon Fiend continued, “If my subordinates can’t take down that Lu Ming, I wonder if Lord Jeros can…”
The Desolate Demon Lord:”…”
After a moment of silence, he could not help but mutter.
“Handle your own affairs. Do you want us to do everything, even capturing a junior for you?”
Out of politeness, the Desolate Demon Lord did not say the latter part of the sentence.
However, Moon Fiend could automatically imagine the rest of the sentence. “Aren’t you a piece of trash?”
Wanna gift the story? Try one.


CHAPTER-335
Chapter 335: Who Are You Tickling?

Light flashed for a moment. After the short trance dissipated, Kebo, Deng
Miao, Lei Fu, these three had already appeared in Lu Ming’s manor.
A faint light appeared in Deng Miao’s eyes.
This light was a miniature array formation left by Lin Feng. It could use Deng Miao’s eyes to see everything that happened here clearly. It was equivalent to him installing another surveillance camera.
As soon as they stabilized themselves and landed, the three of them immediately surrounded them.
He immediately saw the headless corpses of Sikong Zhen and Bo Hao and also
Lu Ming, who was standing not far away and seemed to be resting with his eyes closed.
Of course, the focus was not on Lu Ming.
It was the quasi-god of the Three Elements Academy.
At this moment, Kebo and the other two were fully focused, muscles tense,and their vigilance was evident.
—But of course, they did not see anything…
Deng Miao could not help but speak, “Where is he? Where’s Fang Tieshan?”
Fang Tieshan was the quasi-god staying in the academy.
Perhaps his voice had disturbed Lu Ming.
It was only at this moment that Lu Ming finally opened his eyes.
Glancing at the three inexplicably appearing figures, Lu Ming thought for a moment and said softly, “Add point…”
Kebo and Deng Miao,”…”
Lin Feng,”…”
What nonsense are you talking about?
Lin Feng’s voice suddenly sounded in Deng Miao’s ears, “Attack! Take him down!”
Since they did not see Fang Tieshan’s figure, they might as well take down Lu Ming first to save trouble in the long run.
As the voice fell, Deng Miao had already strode towards Lu Ming.
Array formation IV36-IV37!
A large amount of formation knowledge appeared in Lu Ming’s mind out of thin air as he added points.
A vast amount of knowledge seemed to have been rooted in Lu Ming’s mind.
And now, with the addition of points, memories were awakened. It was obvious how fast Lu Ming was absorbing the knowledge of array formations.
But no matter how fast, it would still take some time.
Before Lu Ming could digest it, all Deng Miao had already stood in front of him. At this moment, Lu Ming finally opened his eyes and looked at Deng A/liao and the others with a serious gaze.
He multitasked, digesting the knowledge of array formations on one hand and pointing to the corpses of Sikong Zhen and Bo Hao lying at the side.
“Are you guys together?”
Deng Miao did not respond, but the killing intent emanating from her clearly indicated her stance.
This made Lu Ming frown.
“Speaking of which, 1 still don’t know which side you’re representing.”
“Who’s the person behind you? Hmm, it’s probably the Subversive Alliance.” “Then who is trying to seize from me the control of the Boshi Tower now?” “He should be an acquaintance? He seems to know quite a lot about the array formations inside Boshi Tower…”
Lu Ming muttered, but his mind was not on Deng Miao, Kebo and the others. His focus was still on the large array formation of Boshi Tower.
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming said, “How about this? Tell me who is the person who fought with me for control and where he is. Or…”
He was halfway through his sentence.
Deng Miao suddenly attacked!
Her jade-like finger instantly pointed directly at Lu Ming’s forehead!
Deng Miao, quasi-god.
Bearing 173 Dao patterns!
At the quasi-god level, there was actually no longer a distinction between talent and no talent. Those who could cultivate to the quasi-god level were all geniuses and dragons among men.
Deng Miaofang’s talent was mainly focused on her Source Power Skills talent. It was also because of this talent that Deng Miao was able to obtain 173 silver patterns at a young age of less than 3,000 years old and become a quasi-god!
At this moment, when Deng Miao stretched out her hand, numerous silver-white patterns immediately appeared on her smooth skin.
These silver patterns formed the engine of Deng Miao’s finger, greatly enhancing the power of this finger!
The second before her finger touched Lu Ming’s forehead, a pleased smile appeared on Deng Miao’s lips.
She could imagine what would happen to Lu Ming next.
Under her Meteor God Finger, Lu Ming’s head exploded on the spot. And the power of the God Falling Finger would even continue to pester Lu Ming. No matter how strong Lu Ming’s regeneration ability was or how many revival methods he had, the aftershock of the God Falling Finger could completely eat Lu Ming up and kill this super genius who was said to be the number one genius in the world.
This was the source of the joy in her heart.
The joy of destroying a quasi-god seedling.
The refreshing feeling of killing a genius.
There was a crisp crack.
The sound rang out between his forehead and her finger…
Deng Miao was slightly stunned, “Your head is quite hard? 1 thought I could directly explode your head, but in the end, it’s only a skull fracture… All!!”
A piercing scream suddenly emanated from Deng Miao’s mouth!
Because after finishing her sentence, Deng Miao suddenly realized that it was not Lu Ming’s forehead that was fractured, but her own finger!
It could be clearly seen that Deng Miao’s slender and fair finger had been completely distorted.
The originally straight finger broke into three pieces, and the relatively fragile joints shattered under the tremendous impact, resembling fragments within the flesh and skin.
At this moment, Deng Miao’s finger was soft and limp, like a boneless earthworm.
Lu Ming was stunned for a moment.
His voice subconsciously became much softer.
“Or you guys can bring that person to me…”
Deng Miao’s scream was somewhat ear-piercing, and it even made it difficult for Lu Ming to say what he wanted to say next.
He sighed deeply and interrupted Deng Miao’s scream.
“I originally thought that if you could bring that guy over and present him to me, I might let you off…”
“But now, you actually dare to take the initiative to attack me. This time, the nature of the matter has changed.”
His deep and calm gaze swept towards Deng Miao, even making Deng Miao, who was holding her injured finger, subconsciously take two steps back.
Until a light flashed in her eyes and Lin Feng’s voice sounded in Deng Miao’s ear.
“Don’t panic! This isn’t his own strength! This is the power of the Boshi Tower array formation!”
“As the current master of the array formation in the Boshi Tower, Lu Ming is protected by the Boshi Tower and has Quasi-God level defense!”
“Continue! I’m already suppressing the array formation.”
He was not really fooling Deng Miao…
Instead, this was what Lin Feng really thought at this moment.
Think about it. Three years ago, when Lu Ming just became a disciple, he only had three silver patterns. In these three years, no matter how much of a genius Lu Ming was, he could not possibly reach the quasi-god level.
Lin Feng’s words slightly stabilized Deng Miao’s heart.
She suddenly turned around to look at Rafe. Rafe took a deep breath and also stepped forward.
His figure leaped like an eagle, arriving next to Lu Ming.
A total of 85 silver patterns on his body began to flash.
Using the power of the silver patterns to activate his Source Power Skill, Rafe used his strongest attack!
“Thunderbolt!”
A heavy punch, like light and cannon fire, blasted towards Lu Ming’s face.
Deng Miao also stretched out her finger and pointed the Meteor God Finger again.
Lin Feng’s voice continued to rumble in her mind.
“I’m suppressing the power of the array formation! It’s almost there, it’s almost there!”
“Continue to attack. When the power of the array formation is suppressed by me, Lu Ming will die… die… his body…”
Lin Feng’s voice became softer and softer.
This was because after carefully screening, he suddenly realized that at this moment, Lu Ming did not use the power of any array formation…
Cold sweat instantly dripped from his forehead.
Lin Feng looked at Lu Ming in confusion and vaguely saw the impatient expression on Lu Ming’s face.
“You clowns…”
His five fingers opened and instantly grabbed Rafe’s face.
He lifted Rafe with one arm and his hand was like an iron hoop. No matter how hard Rafe struggled, he could not break free from Lu Ming’s iron grip.
His breathing gradually became heavy.
Under the solemn atmosphere, Deng Miao stopped attacking and involuntarily took two steps back, looking at Lu Ming in panic.
Then Lu Ming spoke word for word.
“You clowns… Who are you tickling?!”
Then, Lu Ming’s expression turned serious and he added,
“Add more points!”
The Dao of Array Formation IV37-IV38..


CHAPTER-336
Chapter 336: Thirty-six

Up till now, Lin Feng and the others still did not understand the meaning of the two word ‘adding point’.
They did not give more thought to it.
They stared in astonishment at Lu Ming, but no matter how they observed, they could not see any injuries on Lu Ming’s body…
The Meteor God Finger, the Thunder Fist, and even Lu Ming’s clothes could not be torn.
In Lu Ming’s hand, Rafe let out a miserable and muffled roar.
However, as Lu Ming gradually exerted force, this roar gradually weakened…
Rafe, a level nine Ancient Realm expert, trembled and convulsed.
With a “pop”,
His head was completely crushed by Lu Ming…
“Hey, hey, hey…”
Kebo in the rear finally could not stand it.
He suddenly spoke, unable to restrain himself, “Lin Feng, is this also the power of array formations?”
Kebo was still willing to believe that the power of the array formations could provide the defense of a quasi-divine level expert.
But now that Lu Ming had easily crushed Rafe, a level nine Ancient Realm expert… It was a bit hard to pass this off as the power of array formations, right?
He had even unknowingly leaked Lin Feng’s name, which made Lu Ming come to a realization and say, “So it’s you, Senior Brother who is playing tricks…” “Tsk, tsk, tsk.”
Lu Ming casually tossed Rafe’s corpse aside. As he absorbed the knowledge of array formations brought by the points, he muttered, “Now that you’ve done this, 1 think it’s only natural for me to help Teacher eliminate members who damage the reputation of the sect.”
Although Lu Ming’s tone was calm, Lin Feng could not help but shudder involuntarily.
With a quick turn of his mind, Lin Feng finally spoke again.
“It’s not the Dao of Formations…”
“This kid has truly become a quasi-god.”
His voice rang out, making Deng Miao and Kebo silent.
Three years.
From three silver patterns to the current quasi-god…
Moreover, he seemed to be no ordinary quasi-god.
Looking at Lu Ming’s calm face, Deng Miao was in a panic and subconsciously took a few steps back.
Although she did not know how many mystical patterns Lu Ming had and whether he was considered strong or weak among the quasi-divine level experts. But from the process of their fighting just now, there was a high chance that she would not be Lu Ming’s match.
Fortunately, Deng Miao was not fighting alone at this moment.
Footsteps sounded from behind, and Kebo came to Deng Miao’s side.
Looking at Lu Ming’s calm face, Kebo could not help but sigh slightly.
“With you, Lord Moon Fiend really did not see it.”
Moon Fiend’s name made Lu Ming raise his eyebrows.
“You’re from Moon Fiend?”
“Yes.”
After Kebo nodded, he tore open his shirt, revealing a black curse seal branded on his chest.
It was the Moonlight Curse Seal.
At this moment, Kebo stroked the curse seal and said softly, “Three years ago, Lord Moon Fiend gave me a death order. Either you die or I die.”
“I originally thought this mission was very simple, but 1 didn’t expect you to achieve quasi-divinity in just three years.”
“Although your talent shocked me, it’s a pity that you chose the wrong side and offended the wrong person…”
His blood qi began to surge and circulate.
Blood-colored eyes and silver-white waves began to appear on the surface of Kebo’s body!
At this moment, Kebo seemed to have tattoos all over his body.
Kebo, with a total of 18 blood eyes and over a hundred silver-white waves on his body, appeared in front of everyone!
Deng Miao could not help but breathe a sigh of relief.
“Steady.”
She did not know Kebo before. Although she could vaguely sense that Kebo, this quasi-god, was much stronger than her, Deng Miao did not expect Kebo to be so strong!
There were 126 silver patterns and 18 blood patterns.
This strength is definitely upper-middle level among quasi-divines! It’s not something a newcomer quasi-divine who had only three silver patterns three years ago can shake!
With Kebo as the center, the huge aura was like a brewing storm that could erupt into a hurricane at any moment.
Standing in the center of the storm, Kebo spoke again, “Come with me. You can live a little longer. Resist, and all that awaits you is immediate death!”
“I’ll give you the right to choose. Consider it my last mercy to a genius like you.”
In the frozen land, in front of the Abyss of Ten Thousand Demons.
Through the Moonlight Curse Seal, Moon Fiend also took in everything that happened in the Boshi Tower.
When she saw Kebo finally attack, Moon Fiend’s beautiful face was filled with a smile.
She even self-consciously spoke to the figure behind her.
“Desolate Demon Lord, what do you think of my subordinate?”
The Desolate Demon Lord did not want to bother with Moon Fiend, but after thinking for a moment, he still said, “Not bad.”
Moon Fiend looked smug as she said, “I carefully…”
Halfway through her sentence, she was interrupted by the Desolate Demon Lord, “However, compared to your subordinate, I’m more curious about your enemy.”
Moon Fiend’s expression froze as she heard the Desolate Demon Lord say, “That kid named Lu Ming, was he once your subordinate?”
Moon Fiend remained silent.
“Tsk, tsk, tsk. In three years, he advanced from three silver patterns to a quasi-god… Tsk, tsk, tsk.”
“With this talent, no wonder Old Man Jiu Han was willing to make an exception and take him in as his last disciple.”
“I’m also curious. How did you push a subordinate of this level to Jiu Han’s Sect?”
The Desolate Demon Lord did not say any more than necessary.
However, the deeper level of evaluation was nothing more than “You can’t even keep such a genius, are you useless?”
Moon Fiend took a deep breath and focused all her attention on Kebo.
This thought inevitably arose in her heart.
“Kill him…”
“Kebo! Kill him for me!!”
Thinking about it, Shu Fang, Jun Hao, and the Ancient Beast Clan had only humiliated Moon Fiend once.
In the end, this Lu Ming was worse.
Three years ago, he had humiliated her once… Now, he had humiliated her again in the frozen land…
Under Moon Fiend’s gaze, Kebo stepped forward and slowly approached Lu Ming.
An intense oppressive force surged overwhelmingly.
Kebo’s expression was calm, but his aura became stronger and stronger!
Until he was ten meters away from Lu Ming, when he saw Lu Ming still motionless, Kebo sneered sinisterly, “Looks like you’ve chosen to die now.”
Lu Ming said, “Add more points…”
Array formation IV38-IV39!
Kebo:”???”
“I’m talking to you, brat!”
Although he did not know what “adding points” meant, it was obvious that this “adding points” had nothing to do with him.
This also meant that Kebo was being ignored by Lu Ming…
Kebo’s furious voice woke Lu Ming up.
He finally looked up at Kebo. When he saw the 18 blood patterns on Kebo’s body, Lu Ming finally reacted.
“Sorry. I was delayed by something more important.”
Lu Ming smiled apologetically at Kebo. After thinking for a moment, he slowly took off his clothes.
“Forget it, 1 should deal with the unimportant matters first.”
Kebo frowned.
“Unimportant matters?”
“Yes,” Lu Ming said calmly, and on his exposed chest, blood-colored eyes began to quickly appear and bloom with light!
One…
Two…
Ten…
Twenty…
Until Thirty-six!
Kebo’s eyes widened, and his expression kept changing.
From the initial surprise to shock, then to panic and fear, and finally to numbness.
A total of 36 Eyes of Flesh and Blood mystical patterns were arranged orderly on Lu Ming’s chest muscles.
In the middle was Lu Ming’s original three silver patterns.
Lu Ming’s aura did not undergo any changes.
However, the combination of 36 blood patterns and three silver patterns had already silenced all the observers!
In the manor, only Lu Ming’s soft voice sounded.
“You guys are the unimportant matters..”


CHAPTER-337
Chapter 337: Those Unimportant Matters

Just like Lu Ming’s evaluation of these people from the beginning.
“Clowns!”
Bo Hao, Sikong Zhen, Rafe Fu, Deng Miao, and now Kebo… all of them are just clowns!
Lu Ming did not even need to know their names some trash that could be easily dismissed. Even if he knew their names, what would be the point?
What truly deserved Lu Ming’s attention were Lin Feng, Bohi Tower, and the situation outside!
These were the truly important things in Lu Ming’s eyes!
Everything was closely related to strength.
As early as three years ago, Lu Ming had already cultivated the first blood pattern.
Since then, Lu Ming has never slackened, always maintaining the progress of one blood pattern per month, constantly growing stronger.
The three-year deadline had arrived, and thirty-six blood patterns were the rewards of Lu Ming’s efforts!
As everyone knew, blood patterns were different from gold and silver patterns.
Blood patterns were difficult to cultivate.
However, after completing the cultivation, the physical body became enlightened. Just the power of one blood pattern was much stronger than hundreds of silver patterns and dozens of golden patterns!
It could even be said that as long as one had the blood pattern, there was no need to care about how many other mystical patterns there were. The owner of the blood patterns could directly be considered a quasi-divine level expert!
So, despite Lu Ming currently having only 39 mystical patterns, it was absolutely correct to say that he was a quasi-divine level expert.
Moreover, he was a terrifying quasi-god who specialized in blood patterns and had a total of 36 blood patterns!
From the beginning, Lu Ming never thought that these clowns could bring him any trouble.
The one who really made Lu Ming feel troubled was the Ice Pillar Demon God from outside, Jerosl
The gap between a quasi-god and a Divine Spirit Realm expert was ridiculously huge.
Once Jeros took action, even if Lu Ming hid in Boshi Tower, he would probably not be able to resist Jeros, let alone help Jiu Han guard the foundation.
In order to solve this problem, Lu Ming was prepared to find a solution from the path of array formations.
However, Lin Feng suddenly appeared, and competed with him for the control of Boshi Tower.
In a sense, the pressure and trouble Lin Feng brought to Lu Ming was far greater than those quasi-god clowns.
If Lin Feng seized control of Boshi Tower, not to mention whether Lu Ming could keep his life, he would not be able to do what he had promised Jiu Han…
This would make Lu Ming feel guilty that he had let Jiu Han down for nurturing him.
This was also the reason why Lu Ming was focused on cultivating and adding points at the beginning and did not want to bother with them at all.
But now…
Lu Ming felt annoyed.
These guys did not have any discerning ability at all. One or two of them seemed brainless, and he originally did not want to bother with them due to his tight schedule and important tasks. But he did not expect them to repeatedly push him to the limit!
“Well, i can only satisfy your death wish.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Lu Ming had already bent down and clenched his fists.
A blood-colored light flashed from Lu Ming’s chest.
In the next second, Lu Ming’s entire body shot out, drawing a black trajectory and instantly appearing in front of Kebo!
The most intuitive feeling the blood patterns gave Lu Ming was freedom!
Yes, freedom!
Three years ago, when Lu Ming cultivated the first blood pattern, he immediately felt this way.
If there were no blood patterns before, even if he increased his physical strength, Lu Ming always felt a sense of constraint this feeling became especially strong when encountering silver and golden patterns!
The inexplicable power of rules always made Lu Ming feel like he could not exert his full strength. Even if his strength could crush mountains and seas, he would still lose strangely under the suppression of the power of rules, getting beaten without mercy.
However, after achieving the blood patterns, everything became different.
Under the neutralization of blood patterns, the power of gold and silver patterns and the power of rules became ineffective!
With the blood patterns on his body, strength was strength!
If one’s muscles were strong, they were absolute strength!
Just like now, at this moment.
There was no longer any inexplicable rule restraint and suppression.
There was only the strength he had painstakingly cultivated and the absolute strength and freedom brought about by this bit by bit accumulation!
The explosive force even tore through space, leaving a trail of black flames behind Lu Ming.
And this was the strength of Lu Ming in just his Self-Limitation State!
The raging aura was like a ferocious beast at the top of the food chain. Under Lu Ming s full strength, the fierce momentum even left Kebo with no room to react!
He was completely stunned in place.
Like a rabbit cowering under the feet of a ferocious tiger, pitiful and helpless!
There was a ‘’Buzz!1‘
That was the sound of Lu Ming throwing a punch.
In that instant, Kebo felt that time seemed to have slowed down in his eyes.
He could clearly see the trajectory of Lu Ming’s punch and keenly perceive the imminent feeling of death.
Unfortunately, at this moment, he was locked in by Lu Ming s aura and could not move at all…
“Move…”
“Move!!”
“Ahhhhhhhhhi”
It was unknown if it was a miracle brought about by the eruption of his potential or his will to survive, but Kebo just felt his body relax and actually regained control over his body!
lie abruptly reached out and pushed Lu Ming’s shoulder., and the tremendous reactionary force instantly drove Kebos body away, pulling away from Lu Ming!
Staring into Lu Ming’s eyes, Kebo slowly spoke, “I admit that 1 underestimated you, but if you want to kill me, cough cough cough…”
Before he could finish speaking, he began to cough incessantly.
Coughing while keeping his eyes on Lu Ming, Kebo saw the expression on Deng Miao’s face from the corner of his eye.
It was despair… and a barely perceptible trace of pity…
Wait, pity?
Pity for him?
What do I have to be pitied for?!
With this thought in his mind, Kebo, in a trance, felt the intense pain in his body.
He suddenly understood something and slowly lowered his head.
He could see that his right chest had been penetrated completely by Lu Ming s punch!
Lu Mings punch just now hit Ke bo’s chest directly, completely obliterating his heart!
Regeneration power was ineffective.
Secret techniques were ineffective.
Resurrection methode were ineffective.
Under the power of blood patterns, flesh and blood were flesh and blood, and vulnerabilities were vulnerabilities!
The head shattered, the heart obliterated, and he would die this was the overbearing force of the blood pattern power!
It specialized in dealing with all kinds of flashy things!
Not only that, due to his immense will to survive after being hit, Kebo did not die on the spot. He still had the strength to push Lu Ming away, intending to distance himself from him.
He had succeeded!
However, at that moment, Lu Ming’s hand was still inserted into his body.
Lu Ming s strength was completely unshakable, so what was shaken was Ke bo’s relatively fragile body.
It was like a person being nailed to a wooden stake by a long spear, and then he suddenly exerted force to jump upward.
The long spear tore through his body, from his chest, across his abdomen, and then between his legs.
Therefore, the original penetration wound turned into a terrifying laceration.
His vision began to blur. In the final moments of Kebo s life, all he saw was the internal organs and intestines scattered all over the ground under his feet.
“Are these mine?”
“Yes, these are mine…”
The light of the mystical patterns was instantly extinguished.
Kebo lost consciousness entirely, collapsing to the ground.
Along with Kebo, there was also a quasi-god named Deng Miao who fell.
She immediately knelt on the ground and looked at Lu Ming humbly, pleading.
“If I can bring Lin Feng over, can you let me off?”
Lu Ming gave the answer with his fist..


CHAPTER-338
Chapter 338: It Lin Feng, Haven’t Lost Yet!

The surveillance of Moon Fiend and Lin Feng’s was interrupted within a few seconds.
At this moment, no one could see the situation in Lu Ming’s Manor.
However, obviously, that was no longer important.
Moon Fiend’s mouth fell open as she recalled everything she had just seen…
Lu ±Ming; a quasi-god with 36 blood patterns.
The emphasis was not on the 36 blood patterns- there were quite a few quasi-gods in the world with 36 blood patterns, and that level of power was not enough to make the Divine Realm overly concerned.
T he key was the speed at which Lu Ming achieved the 36 blood patterns!
From zero to 36, Lu Ming only took three years.
After a long daze. Moon Fiend suddenly shuddered!
“We can’t let this kid live!”
She made this judgment in an instant.
The voice of the Desolate Demon Lord behind her suddenly sounded.
“This kid is quite interesting…”
In the Desolate Demon Lord’s tone, there was laughter and joy, and a clear sense of appreciation… which made Moon Fiend’s heart sink.
If Lu Ming caught the eye of the Desolate Demon Lord, it would definitely not be a good thing for her.
Before Moon Fiend could say anything, the Desolate Demon Lord spoke again, “Moon Fiend, after capturing this kid, can I study him for a while?”‘
Admittedly, the Desolate Demon Lord was quite polite.
But given his identity, status, and strength, when he spoke. Moon Fiend had no possibility of refusing.
“Of course, that’s fine,” Moon Fiend could only say that.
But in her heart, she continued to weigh and measure.
If it’s just for study, its okay. The Desolate Demon Lord might eventually return Lu Ming to me.
But if it’s not just for study, but for talent retention, what then?
As she pondered, Moon Fiend unconsciously squinted her eyes.
At this moment, the Desolate Demon Lord interjected, and Moon Fiend suddenly felt that her revenge plan had deviated.
Inside the Boshi Tower, in Lin Feng’s manor.
When Deng Miao was punched and shattered, Lin Feng’s monitoring array, like a small electrical appliance losing power, suddenly shut down with a puff.
When Deng Miao was punched and shattered, Lin Feng s monitoring array, like a small electrical appliance losing power, suddenly shut down with a puff.
“Monster!”
He had long realized that Lu Ming’s talent and diligence were at the level of a monster.
But the speed of Lu Ming’s strength growth had never been clear to Lin Feng.
Today.
Just now.
He finally realized what the word monster’ truly meant.
“Alright, I’m convinced.”
At this point, Lin Feng had no choice bur to accept it.
“But I only admire your talent in cultivation, not your talent in the art of formations!
“I, Lin Feng, haven’t lost yet!”
Indeed, he hadn’t lost.
One could even say that the situation was continuously developing in his favor.
In the end, rhe attempt by Kebo to capture Lu Ming, fueled by impulse, irrationality, and a disregard for rhe bigger picture, was unnecessary.
Outside, the Blood Demon Gate had already opened, and Jeros had arrived.
As long as Jeros stabilized the Blood Demon Gate, Lu Ming would have no way to escape!
Moreover, Jeros was right above their heads. Even if Lu Ming wanted to take Boshi Tower, he had no room to maneuver.
Now, all Lin Feng needed to do was take control of Boshi Tower… No, he didn’t even need to take control. He just needed to preserve his own life. Once Jeros had dealt with matters and had free hands, Lu Ming would have no chance of survival!
This was a dead end!
Lu Ming s dead end!
With this thought in mind, Lin Feng immediately cast away rhe frustration he had just experienced.
His expression returned to calm.
Looking at the tower-shaped runes in front of him, Lin Feng’s eyes flashed.
“But I have to beat you.
“Yes, I must beat you!
“If I don’t win against you, my Dao heart will be unstable. I can t rake this lying down!”
Ever since he arrived at rhe Three Elements Academy, Lin Feng had been constantly overshadowed by Lu Ming.
At this moment, Lin Feng had developed an obsession: 1 must prove that I am stronger than Lu Ming!
This was the inner demon!
In terms of strength, there was no comparison.
“But I’m definitely not weaker than you in terms of array formations!”
While sending source power to compete with Lu Ming for control of Boshi Tower, Lin Feng gritted his teeth and spoke.
Of course, this was not only a matter of inner demons and obsession.
It was also about Lin Feng s personal safety.
If Lu Ming came knocking before Jeros finished, Lin Feng’s only fate would be to be cleaned out.
And what could protect Lin Feng at this moment was the grand formation of Boshi Tower!
Even if it was for himself, Lin Feng absolutely could not lose control of Boshi Tower.
“But there’s no problem.
“How could you, Lu Ming, possibly surpass me in the art of formations? Huh… huh?”
At the end of the voice, Lin Feng’s expression stiffened, and his gaze froze.
He sensed something.
The speed of his invasion of Boshi Tower was visibly slowing down.
The reason for the slowdown was Lu Ming!
His array formation technique was rapidly growing and becoming stronger at a visible speed!
“These clowns are wasting my time.”
After killing the clowns, Lu Ming sighed and muttered to himself.
With trivial matters resolved, it was time to deal with the real issues.
Actually, Lu Ming was well aware of his current predicament.
He also realized what kind of situation he would face if he lost control of Boshi Tower hence, the level of his mastery of the art of formations needed to be raised!
Raise it as high as possible.
But the problem was that for every level he raised in the art of formations, it required time to digest and absorb related knowledge.
To go up one level at a time, to digest bit by bit, it was probably too late.
But Lu Ming still had the Void Domain.
Before, due to the successive appearance of clowns, Lu Ming couldn’t enter the Void Domain, otherwise, he would lose vigilance against the outside world.
Now, with the clown incident settled, Lu Ming could finally free up his hands and focus on the main task.
Sitting cross-legged on the ground, he entered the void.
In the void, Lu Ming opened his attribute panel.
“Add more points!”
Formation Techniques: lv39-lv&lt;o!
Outside, in the blink of an eye, Lu Ming had already completed the upgrade of Formation Techniques.
Then, he added points and continued!
In just three seconds, Lu Ming opened his eyes again and returned to reality from the void.
And his level in the art of formations had reached lv501
Controlling the core formation patterns, Lu Ming briefly observed the speed at which Lin Feng invaded.
After obstructing Lin Feng for a while and confirming that Lin Feng was no longer a threat in the short term, Lu Ming’s consciousness once again sank into the void.
“Add more points!”
He added points and continued!
As the level of the Dao of Array Formations increased, the threat posed by Lin Feng was becoming smaller and smaller.
However, as time passed, the threat from Jeros became greater and greater!
Only with extremely strong formation skills in conjunction with Boshi Tower could Lu Ming have a chance to survive in the Divine Realm.
In this way, matters like cleaning house couldn’t be rushed.
Lin Feng slowly withdrew his hand, his face expressionless.
The invasion had failed.
Completely failed…
Recalling everything that had just happened, Lin Feng felt as if he was in a dream…
“How is this possible? I low is this possible?!”


CHAPTER-339
Chapter 339: Entering the Divine Spirit Realm

Lin Feng was certain of one thing…
In the beginning, his formation strength was not strong.
But the development of things later completely went off the rails!
Lin Feng, who was in a formation battle against Lu Ming, could clearly perceive that Lu Ming’s understanding of formations was advancing at a rapid and completely unreasonable speed.
From being much weaker than him to equal, then stronger, and finally setting up barriers effortlessly, rendering him completely powerless…
This series of changes happened in just a short minute!
His hands began to tremble involuntarily.
Nose and tears started flowing down his face.
At this moment, Lin Feng’s mind went blank, and he suddenly screamed, crying and laughing as if he had gone mad…
“Oh no!”
“It’s all f*cking over!”
Failure!
It was a huge failure!
He could already imagine that Lu Ming would soon appear in front of him and punch him into a meat patty.
As for himself, he would not have any room to resist… He could nor even use the array formation to teleport himself out because he no longer had the right to control the Boshi Tower…
He was locked in the BoshiTower.
It was as if he had been locked in a cell and could only wait for the day he was shot…
The more he thought, the crazier Lin Feng became!
“I am the Son of Fortune!
“I can t lose!
“I won’t die either!
“I absolutely won’t die!!”
As he roared crazily, the Boshi Tower suddenly trembled.
Lin Feng looked up in surprise.
He vaguely sensed a cold and magnificent aura coming from outside the tower and vaguely seeping into the Boshi Tower.
Lt was as if…
The gaze of a divine being turned to this place.
The expression on his face changed from pain and despair to ecstasy in an instant!
Lin Feng wiped his snot and tears and roared crazily, “What did 1 say! What did I say!!”
“I knew it! I’m the destined one! How can I die in your hands?!!”
“Look!”
He pointed outside and shouted loudly, as if Lu Ming was standing behind him. “God is here!”
“Lu Ming! You’re definitely dead this time, right?!”
In the outside world, in Xuanshui City.
The roaring Divine Source Tide gradually calmed down.
A faint golden light slowly covered the Blood Demon Gate and dyed it a faint golden color.
At this point, Jeros had completed the permanent solidification of the Blood Demon Gate.
“Phew—’
“Suck
The sound of heavy breathing came from jeros1 s mouth.
His body slowly shrank until it was about 10 meters tall. Only then did he turn around and look behind him.
His gaze passed through the Moon Fiend, pierced through the countless layers of the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss, and vaguely fell on the tall figure in the abyss.
“Dead? Or alive?”
As he spoke, the voice of rhe Desolate Demon Lord sounded from the Devil Abyss.
“Alive. Try to keep him alive.
“Jiu Han’s stance is unclear. He’s considered a swinger. He might not die on the side of the Eternal Divine Master. If 1 can capture his disciple and the teachers and students of the Three Elements Academy, I can try to see if 1 can pull jiu Han into our camp.
“Even if I can t, I can use this to restrict Jiu Han’s hands and feet.
“In short, a living hostage is more meaningful.”
After saying this, Jeros immediately nodded. He took a step forward and had already passed through the Blood Demon Gate and arrived at the territory of Xuanshui City.
His gaze turned to the Boshi Tower again, and a dark and sinister smile slowly appeared on Jeros1 lips.
“The game is over, bugs…”
A cold aura that contained Divine Source surged out of Jeros’ body.
The chill condensed around him, turning into a hand nearly a kilometer long, shooting towards the Boshi Tower!
It could be clearly seen that the cold hand grabbed the tip of the tower. With a thought from Jeros, the hand of cold air began to squeeze and pull upward, as if trying to lift the Boshi ’Lower from the ground!
Lt was the last line of defense for the Boshi Tower, Xuanshui City, and the Three Elements Academy.
The tower housed most of the teachers and students of the Three Elements Academy, as well as some civilians from Xuanshui City.
It was a sturdy barrier protecting these people, but to some extent, the Boshi Tower was also a prison that imprisoned these people.
Once Jeros took away the entire BoshiTower, no one inside could escape, and they would all become prisoners under the control of the Ancient Demon Clan.
And with Jeros’ strength, dealing with the Boshi Tower was actually completely effortless.
He was in the Divine Realm, and the Boshi Tower was just an artifact whose power was taken away by Jiu Han!
Inside the tower, there was Lin Feng, acting as a hidden piece—even though this hidden piece was somewhat useless, he had injected the divine source of the Demon Fiend into the Boshi Tower. This was equivalent to dismantling the last trace of the Divine Realm’s power in the Bosita.
The defensive formation wanted to stabilize the Boshi Tower, while the cold hand wanted to take it away. The two resisted, clashed, and then, the defensive formation of the Boshi Tower was utterly defeated…
“Boom!”
The Boshi Tower began to tremble.
Lt could be clearly seen that the entire Boshi Tower, with the force of the icy hand, began to gradually rise into the air.
But countless formations in the Boshi Tower started to shimmer!
These formations were the Boshi Tower’s built-in defensive arrays.
The defensive array wanted to stabilize the Bosita, while the hand of cold air wanted to take the Boshi Tower away. The two resisted, clashed, and then, the defensive array of the Boshi Tower was utterly defeated…
The cold hand contained the divine source, and in the face of the divine source, without the defense of the divine source, the defensive array was like paper, utterly powerless!
“Heh… that’s why I’ve never looked up to formations, alchemy, or anything like that in my life…”
“It’s just a shortcut.”
“What kind of divine artifact, what kind of divine medicine. They are just empty names. Try it without injecting the divine source and see what happens?”
The reality was indeed like this.
So-called divine artifacts and divine medicines all contained the divine source injected by the maker without the divine source, there would be no power of the Divine Realm, and naturally, it couldn’t be called divine.
To put it bluntly, in the black mist area, God = Divine Source!
Jeros made this evaluation and increased his strength again.
He expected that this move would be enough to pull the Boshi Tower in front of him…
However, the reality was different from what Jeros had expected.
Just then, there was a loud bang.
The Boshi Tower moved backward, sitting back in place. No matter how the hand of cold air pulled, it didn’t move.
“Hmm?”
Jeros raised an eyebrow. “What’s going on?”
The golden light rising from inside the tower told Jeros the answer.
That golden light was the divine source!
However, this did not make sense.
This was because there were no gods in Boshi Tower at this moment.
Naturally, no one possessed the divine source!
At first, Jeros thought that he was seeing things.
But as he tried to pull and tug, and found that he couldn’t move the Boshi Tower at all, Jeros gradually realized something.
That was really Divine Source!
After dispelling the cold hand, Jeros fell into deep thought.
After a long time, he turned to look at the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss behind him.
“What’s going on?
“Where did this Divine Source come from?”
After a long time, the voice of the Desolate Demon Lord sounded from the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss.
“How would 1 know?”


CHAPTER-340
Chapter 340: Array!

This scene that defied common sense made the three Divine Spirit Realm experts outside fall into deep thought.
After a long time, the Desolate Demon Lord spoke again.
“Three years ago, Jiu Han seemed to have taken Qing Jue away from prison… The Divine Source in the Boshi Tower now might be Qing J tie’s, right?”
“That’s impossible.” On the other hand, Jeros was at odds with the Desolate Demon Lord.
“I don’t believe that the power of the array formation can transfer the Divine Source of other Divine Spirits!”
The Desolate Demon Lord fell silent.
This was because there was indeed no precedent for this matter…
Divine Source was a very private thing.
Divine Spirits could only control their own Divine Source, but they could not control the Divine Source of other Divine Spirits. They could not even use it. All they could do was use their own Divine Source to offset the Divine Source of others.
“In short, I don’t care what’s going on with the Boshi Tower now… 1 don’t believe that I can’t deal with the divine artifact Jiu Han left behind after he left!”
Hieronis also lost his temper and directly went against the Boshi Tower.
The cold air hand was activated again.
And this time, there were even more!
Hundreds of cold hands appeared from the side of his body and clawed at the Boshi Tower.
Just a minute ago,
Lu Ming, who was in the Boshi Tower, also left the void space.
The first thing he did when he opened his eyes was to open his attribute panel and look at the skill panel.
It clearly wrote: Array Formation Dao IV203!
According to his previous estimation, under the prerequisite of possessing the main control array of the Boshi Tower, the level 200 array formation path could completely activate all the power of the Boshi Tower.
At this moment, Lu Ming’s array formation path had reached level 203. When he sensed the master control array imprint again, a large amount of understanding filled Lu Ming’s mind.
“I can completely control it now.”
Just as he had estimated, level 203 array formation knowledge could indeed completely activate all the power of Boshi Tower.
At this moment, with a thought from Lu Ming, the entire Boshi Tower seemed to be Lu Ming’s limb. It was very smooth to operate.
At this moment, in the outside world, Hieronis freed his hand and brazenly attacked Boshi Tower.
Botha was slowly dragged into the air by Jeros.
Lu Ming was not flustered.
Because with the help of Boshi Tower, he already had the ability to protect himself and even others in front of the Divine Spirit Realm!
With a thought, the core control array on the back of his hand emitted a light.
Moreover, this array formation did not only have the effect of controlling Boshi Tower.
It also had another hidden effect.
In other words, it was the connection channel between the main controller and Boshi Tower!
A huge suction force emitted from the array formation on his hand.
Lu Ming only felt the energy in his body being pulled.
This was not a forced traction. It was more like a guiding traction that needed Lu Ming’s approval to take effect.
He opened his attribute panel again and looked at his seven-digit Divine Source Points.
“Consume Divine Source Points and convert them into wandering Divine Source energy!”
After some thought, Lu Ming added, “Convert 1,000 points first.”
In the next moment, boundless golden light scattered out of Lu Ming’s body.
1,000 Divine Source Points were converted into a large amount of Divine Source energy. It even made Lu Ming’s pores shoot out golden light!
As Lu Ming’s will moved again, the core array pattern circulated again.
The wandering Divine Source energy in his body seemed to be attracted and took the initiative to rush towards the core array pattern before surging into the Boshi Tower through the core array pattern!
Originally, Lu Ming had no way of controlling the Divine Source in his body.
The system converted the Divine Source Points into wandering Divine Source. However, when these Divine Sources flowed in Lu Ming’s body, they were like powerful soldiers who did not listen to orders. They were extremely powerful but did not listen to orders.
To put it bluntly, it was useless…
In the past three years, Jiu Han and Lu Ming had been studying the path of the Outer Dao God.
The main force was undoubtedly Jiu Han.
However, for some reason, Jiu Han’s research fell into a dilemma. After three years, Jiu Han still did not come up with a reliable plan.
Lu Ming could not force Jiu Han anymore.
Research required time. Even if there was enough time, the final outcome might not be satisfactory. Therefore, Lu Ming only remembered that there was such a thing and did not ask about the details.
On the other hand, there was some progress in other aspects.
For example, how to use the Divine Source wandering in Lu Ming’s body.
Be a battery… a battery for the Boshi Tower!
Yes, this was the only way to let Lu Ming use the Divine Source in his body.
Through the core array pattern, he extracted the Divine Source in Lu Ming’s body and let Boshi Tower use these Divine Sources on its own!
To put it bluntly, Lu Ming was using the divine artifact to use Divine Source and reach the level of being able to resist gods!
Elder Jiu Han had long said the principle behind it.
The modification of the Boshi Tower had long been completed.
It was not until today that Lu Ming’s array formation path reached level 203 that he completely completed Jiu Han’s plan!
A large amount of Divine Source was transformed by the Boshi Tower and quickly filled every part of the Boshi Tower.
The first to be disintegrated was Moon Fiend’s trace of Divine Source.
It was like a tsunami hitting a mud wall.
Moon Fiend’s Divine Source was instantly destroyed, disintegrating and neutralizing everything!
Then, Lu Ming’s Divine Source expanded again and directly collided with Jeros’ cold hand!
In fact, there was not much Divine Source in Jeros’ ice hand.
In terms of data, it was at most 0.01 points… To deal with the Boshi Tower without Divine Source, 0.01 points of Divine Source was already a waste of talent.
At this moment, Lu Ming’s 1,000 Divine Source was rampaging. Not only did it stabilize the Boshi Tower, but it also allowed it to break free from the restraint of the cold hand and land on the ground again.
“It should be able to last a little longer this time.”
In the manor, Lu Ming muttered.
After thinking for a moment, he entered the void space again and continued to upgrade the path of array formations.
He still remembered what Jiu Han had said back then.
“The path of an Outer Dao God requires very deep array formation knowledge.”
Since the precedent of adding points had already been opened,
Then Lu Ming might as well make a big deal out of it.
“I’ll set a small goal first… to surpass Teacher Jiu Han.
“Then, 1’11 study this path of the Outer Dao God myself!”
Although he had enough manna points and the strength of the Boshi Tower was guaranteed,
If he maintained the current situation and could probably wait for the reinforcements of the Aeonians, Lu Ming would have completed Teacher Jiu Han’s entrusted task.
However, it was not Lu Ming’s character to only defend and not attack.
With the combination of Divine Source Points and the Boshi Tower, he could defend more than enough, but he could not attack enough.
If he wanted to launch a counterattack, this was far from enough!
At this moment, Lu Ming placed his hopes on the path of array formations.
In the outside world.
Hundreds of icy hands grabbed fiercely at the Boshi Tower.
They squeezed around the Boshi Tower and did everything they could!
However, under the envelopment of the golden light, the Boshi Tower remained motionless like a stabilizing god.
Three whole minutes passed.
Jeros restrained his divine power.
Looking at the Boshi Tower standing safely, Jeros’ face was as black as the bottom of a pot..


CHAPTER-341
Chapter 341: Moon Fiend Entered the Tower

What was thought to be a sure thing turned out to be a setback for Jeros.
It was hard to describe how Jeros felt at this moment…
In short, it was embarrassing, extremely embarrassing!
More chilling power surged out, and at this moment, Jeros was ruthless. However, no matter how hard he tried, the Boshi Tower still stood in place. This only meant one thing.
The Divine Source contained in Boshi Tower was much greater than the Divine Source that Jeros could mobilize!!
“Are you sure Jiu Han isn’t inside?!”
Frustrated, Jeros even turned around to question the Desolate Demon Lord.
The only response he received was the deep voice of the Desolate Demon Lord,
“I’m sure. It’s impossible for Jiu Han to be in Boshi Tower.”
“Then explain to me what’s going on!?”
Jeros pointed at Boshi Tower, roaring in anger.
He had an unruly temper to begin with. At this moment, he was so angry that he did not care if this Desolate Demon Master was his boss…
Regarding this, the Desolate Demon Lord did not respond.
How could he know what was going on with Boshi Tower?
After a brief silence, the Desolate Demon Lord had some considerations.
At the bottom of the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss, he looked at the god called
Moon Fiend
Moon Fiend felt a chill run down her spine.
Before she could react, the deep voice of the Desolate Demon Lord exploded in her ears.
“You, enter Boshi Tower and see which god is guarding it.”
Moon Fiend,”…”
“I won’t go.”
No shit…’
Of course, Moon Fiend would not go.
What courage did she have? How could she dare to go out and take risks when the situation was not right?
Unfortunately…
She was very weak.
In the realm of deities, she was really too weak.
She was so weak that she was perfect as cannon fodder in the realm of deities!
It was just like how Moon Fiend viewed those below the Divine Spirit Realm as ants.
In the eyes of the Desolate Demon Lord, Moon Fiend was just a large ant.
Normally, he could ignore her…
But when it came to using her, the nature of the matter changed.
“I’m not asking for your opinion.”
“I want you to go in. Do you understand?”
Moon Fiend was slightly stunned before slowly gritting her teeth.
Seeing that this woman was still silent, the Desolate Demon Lord sighed deeply. “Either go in and take a look at the situation, or die here. Now that I’ve made it so clear, can you understand, you idiot?!”
At the end of his words, the Desolate Demon Lord’s tone was brutally cold and ruthless, which he did not conceal at all!
Moon Fiend was just here to watch the fun and she never expected that she would encounter such a thing.
A huge fluctuation brewed under the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss, as if a dormant evil beast was about to awaken!
This power was much stronger than Moon Fiend and even Jeros! While it was not too profound for those below the Divine Spirit Realm, Moon Fiend and Jeros could clearly perceive that the strength of this power was enough to instantly crush the two of them into pieces!
“I’ll go! I’ll go!!”
Moon Fiend could not help but roar.
Then she sensed that the aura that was about to awaken gradually subsided.
This woman was indeed foolish and timid. A little intimidation is enough to make her give in…
The Desolate Demon Lord’s voice sounded again.
“Great.”
“Jeros, she’s your responsibility now.”
“If she dares to play any tricks, kill her, and I’ll back you up.”
Jeros immediately sneered, “Understood!”
Moon Fiend forcefully suppressed the anger and humiliation in her heart, struggling to make a final protest, “Lord Desolate, I’ve hardly seen one with your unprecedented power… So, I think it would be faster and more efficient for you to personally subdue Boshi Tower. Why bother to trouble a little woman like me?”
“Hurry up and get in there!!” The Desolate Demon Lord no longer had any patience with Moon Fiend…
Seeing that Moon Fiend was still dawdling here, the Desolate Demon Lord really felt like just killing her and being done with it.
It was Jeros who grabbed Moon Fiend by the collar and dragged her from the Blood Demon Gate to Xuanshui City.
After throwing Moon Fiend under the Boshi Tower, Jeros said helplessly, “Let’s get to work.”
“And, you retard, can’t you tell that Boss Desolate has an even more important mission?”
“It’s just Boshi Tower… If it interferes with Boss’s preparations, we’ll all have to bear the consequences…”
Moon Fiend, “Preparations?”
Jeros immediately shook his head, pointing to Boshi Tower, “Go inside, right away!”
He could not be bothered to say more to Moon Fiend.
Moon Fiend dawdled to the foot of Boshi Tower.
However, no matter how much she dawdled, it could not change the fact that she had to take risks.
It was not until she stood in front of the golden shimmering Boshi Tower that Moon Fiend turned around with a mournful face and looked at Jeros.
“I can’t go in…”
“Let me help you.”
The one who replied was not Jeros, but the Desolate Demon Lord.
A huge force suddenly surged out from under the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss and instantly transmitted to Moon Fiend’s back.
She was pushed by this tremendous force, involuntarily pressing her face against the Boshi Tower.
Her originally delicate face was twisted and deformed by the pressure of the two forces.
Just as Moon Fiend felt that her facial bones were about to be crushed, the obstruction in front of her suddenly disappeared.
In a trance, Moon Fiend looked around again and found herself in a place filled with the fragrance of flowers and the chirping of birds.
The Ancient Demon Clan was proficient in spatial power.
As the king of the Ancient Demons, the Desolate Demon Lord was even more outstanding.
It was not very difficult for the Desolate Demon Lord to use a little Divine Source to tear through the defensive layer of Boshi Tower. Coupled with his attainments in the spatial Dao, it was not a difficult task for him to send Moon Fiend into the Boshi Tower.
After seeing Moon Fiend’s figure disappear without a trace, the voice of the Desolate Demon Lord suddenly sounded in Jeros’ ears.
“As for Boshi Tower, just leave it to Moon Fiend to handle.”
Jeros could not help but ask, “Can she really handle it?”
“It doesn’t matter anymore.”
The Boshi Tower was very important to Lu Ming.
However, to the Desolate Demon Lord, the Boshi Tower was not important.
Capturing the Boshi Tower would be great.
However, if they could not capture it, it would not have much impact on the overall situation.
From his methods, it could be seen that to deal with the Boshi Tower, the Desolate Demon Lord only needed to take action himself, and no matter how high Lu Ming’s array formation level was, it would be of no use!
In the face of absolute strength, array formations were indeed as Jeros had said—they were just small tricks.
To the Desolate Demon Lord, the Boshi Tower was almost equivalent to a small toy.
Even Jiu Han was not a match for the Desolate Demon Lord, let alone the divine artifact under Jiu Han’s command.
“Compared to Boshi Tower, the subsequent matters are even more crucial.”
“Jeros, Listen to me… Once my plan deviates, I need you to do this…”
Continuous voices reached Jeros’ ears.
As he listened, Jeros’ expression turned solemn.
Inside the Boshi Tower.
The moment Moon Fiend barged in, Lu Ming suddenly opened his eyes.
Lu Ming’s pupils constricted when his perception swept across Moon Fiend’s familiar face.
“How did this woman get in?”


CHAPTER-342
Chapter 342: Drag, Trap, Lock

Lu Ming had no idea how Moon Fiend had managed to intrude into the Boshi Tower.
He could only confirm that firstly, it was not through violent destruction. Secondly, it was not that there was an oversight in the array patterns of the Boshi Tower.
But beyond that, Lu Ming was unclear.
In the end, he could only attribute the reason to the presence of a formidable opponent—this was normal. Gods had endless life spans, and their physical conditions were fixed, preventing their own strength from growing. There were always individuals, like Jiu Han, who had the ambition to strengthen themselves in areas such as array formations, alchemy, and weapon refinement.
Jiu Han’s knowledge of Array Formation Dao was indeed profound, but it did not necessarily make him the number one in the world. It was reasonable to assume that there were other experts in formations on the opposite side.
“The key is how to deal with it.”
Moon Fiend’s intrusion into Boshi Tower had become a fact. It was pointless to be troubled over how she had entered.
The primary issue now was how to deal with Moon Fiend.
After a brief contemplation, Lu Ming sighed softly.
“Actually, it seems that I have only one way to resist Moon Fiend, right?”
The way was to use the Bosht Tower to suppress and control Moon Fiend.
Apart from that, Lu Ming had no other options.
He opened his attribute panel and looked at the skills column.
The words “Dao of Array Formation IV384” appeared in Lu Ming’s eyes.
When the Dao of Array Formation reached level 200, Lu Ming could already activate and use all the functions of the Boshi Tower. At this moment, the Dao of Array Formation had reached level 384, so Lu Ming could naturally do more.
Just as the thought of using the power of Boshi Tower to suppress Moon Fiend arose in his heart, a large amount of array formation knowledge automatically rose in his mind.
Shifting his gaze to scan the entire Boshi Tower, Lu Ming soon knew how to modify the array formation inside the tower to meet his needs.
“Let’s go with this for now. It should be able to temporarily delay Moon Fiend.”
“But if 1 want to achieve more, the Dao of Array Formation still needs to continue upgrading!”
With each additional point, the higher the level of the array formation. And, the higher the level, the more interesting and useful Lu Ming found the Dao of Array Formation to be.
Moreover, the consumption of adding points to the Dao of Array Formation was truly minimal.
In his excitement, at this moment, Lu Ming really wanted to see how far this Dao of Array Formation could be strengthened by the system!
He reached out and snapped his fingers.
A large amount of source power flowed out from his hand.
The Source Power formed an exquisite array formation in the air in front of Lu Ming. This array also guided the sluggish Divine Source in Lu Ming’s body.
Yes, level 384 array formation knowledge was already enough for Lu Ming alone to use the Divine Source in his body.
More source power surged out of Lu Ming’s body.
Array formations formed in midair one after another.
A large number of miniature array formations connected into a line. They spread into the distance one after another and penetrated into the void under the guidance of the Boshi Tower’s array formation. It was unknown where they were heading to.
After completing all of this, Lu Ming took a deep breath.
He closed his eyes and returned to the void space.
In the void space, Lu Ming once again uttered the familiar three words.
“Add more points!”
A gentle breeze caressed the tips of Moon Fiend’s hair, and the fresh air entered her mouth and nostrils.
She turned to look around.
Surrounding her were lush vegetation, and occasionally, colorful birds flew past the treetops.
They chirped incessantly, their voices crisp and melodious, even making one’s mood much more delightful.
However, Moon Fiend’s mood was far from delightful.
She just felt frustrated!
She was forced by the Desolate Demon Lord to enter the Boshi Tower.
Then, she thought of Lu Ming’s annoying face.
Furthermore, considering the strange situation in Boshi Tower, where there might actually be another god guarding it inside…
In short, at this moment, Moon Fiend had thought about many things.
But after careful consideration, Yao Yue also accepted the reality…
If she did not tear down this Boshi Tower, she would not be able to break out of this situation no matter what.
‘Alright.’
“Fine!!….”
Taking a deep breath, a rare trace of determination appeared in Moon Fiend’s eyes.
After all, she was also at the Divine Spirit Realm…
Even a rabbit would bite when cornered, let alone Moon Fiend.
She took a step forward and walked ahead, cautiously observing.
After walking for more than ten minutes, Moon Fiend suddenly realized that she had unknowingly circled around in this small forest
“Damn it! Playing tricks on me!”
At this point, how could she not tell that this was a simple maze formation? She had wasted more than ten minutes for no reason!
Infuriated, Moon Fiend could not be bothered to be cautious anymore.
Since she had to do it anyway, she might as well be a bit savage and direct…
His figure soared into the air in an instant.
As Moon Fiend waved her small hand, golden light filled the surroundings!
“Meteorite!”
Source Power and Divine Source condensed into a huge meteor, falling from the sky and crashing into the ground!
Accompanied by a violent roar, a huge mushroom cloud rose from the ground.
When the dust settled, the forest had already been turned into a scorched earth by Moon Fiend!
However, before Moon Fiend could react, the ground that had turned into scorched earth suddenly trembled.
Numerous, incomprehensible array patterns and symbols that Moon Fiend could not understand flashed continuously from the ground.
Accompanied by a low whimper, a giant stone man ten meters tali crawled out of the ground and stood at Moon Fiend’s feet.
More array patterns and symbols flashed out of the void again.
One could see these array patterns and symbols land on the surface of the stone man’s body and embed themselves into its body like tattoos.
Golden light spread out from some of the runes, illuminating the stone man with golden light, as if he was adorned with a golden armor.
Moon Fiend recognized the essence of this golden light.
To her, that was a huge amount of Divine Source!
“Tsk…”
This amount of Divine Source made Moon Fiend click her tongue, and her heart ache.
As she was jealous, Moon Fiend scrutinized the stone man and quickly saw through the essence of this stone man.
“The strength of an earth puppet created from an array formation is probably equivalent to a quasi-god with blood patterns.”
“Then, it was augmented with an extremely large amount of Divine Source, allowing the earth puppet to have the strength to directly resist the Divine Spirit Realm…”
As soon as the assessment was completed, the stone man under her feet had already bent its legs and soared into the sky.
The heavy fist accompanied by a howling wind, smashed towards Moon Fiend’s face, but Moon Fiend easily intercepted it with a simple outstretched hand.
The sizes of their hands were completely disproportionate.
The mud puppet’s fist was even larger than Moon Fiend’s entire body.
However, the forces on both sides were diametrically opposed—Moon Fiend’s delicate hand was merely extended flat, showing no visible exertion, yet the mud puppet seemed to have crashed into an impenetrable barrier, unable to advance at all!
A trace of cold smile flashed across Moon Fiend’s lips, “You want to use this to deal with me? Aren’t you looking down on me too much?!”
“Spirit Slaughter!!”
A faint red light flashed past Moon Fiend’s body. In an instant, endless golden light burst out from the Earth Puppet’s body like sparks.
In that instant just now, the Earth Puppet suffered thousands of slashes from sharp blades, and a tenth of the Divine Source Armor on its body was directly shaved off!
“Having Divine Source means being on the level of the Divine Spirit Realm?”
“It’s not such a simple matter…”
Pointing her finger at the head of the Earth Puppet, Moon Fiend’s eyes flashed with cold light and killing intent!
“Moonlight Ripples!”


CHAPTER-343
Chapter 343: Drag, Trap, Lock (2)

“Boom!”
A huge light wave with a diameter of nearly ten meters splashed out from the tip of Moon Fiend’s fingertip.
And the reaction of the Earth Puppet was really inferior to a single hair of Moon Fiend!
The light wave hit the large head of the Earth Puppet and instantly blasted it to the ground!
The lingering force of the light wave pressed down on the Earth Puppet like a mountain.
The ground began to crack.
The Earth Puppet was squeezed into the ground, sinking deeper and deeper!
The outer layer of the Divine Source Armor also gradually thinned under the violent destruction of the Moonlight Waves.
Just three seconds later, the armor was pierced…
Without the protection of the Divine Source, the Earth Puppet, with only the strength of a blood pattern, was instantly vaporized by the Moonlight Waves, disappearing without a trace.
“Trash!”
Moon Fiend sneered and shook her head, giving such an evaluation.
In the manor, Lu Ming also witnessed the entire process of Moon Fiend dominating the Earth Puppet.
“He was defeated faster than expected…”
Lu Ming muttered.
The Earth Puppet was Lu Ming’s primary means to stall Moon Fiend.
Using the power of the formation to create an Earth Puppet with the strength of a blood pattern and then adding Divine Source to it, allowing the Earth Puppet to threaten the Divine Spirit Realm on both offense and defense—this was Lu Ming’s original idea.
The idea was good and theoretically feasible.
However, the problem was that Lu Ming seemed to have underestimated the methods of the divine beings.
Jiu Han had said countless times that the essence of the Divine Spirit Realm was essentially an ancient realm or quasi-god, gaining the authority to use the divine source.
There was nothing particularly impressive about them.
Lu Ming listened to this and tentatively believed it.
But now, seeing Moon Fiend, Lu Ming realized that things were not that simple at all…
“Actually, Teacher Jiu Han is not entirely wrong.”
“The only deviation is the way the Divine Source is used.”
The Divine Source had a very strong personal imprint.
Whoever gave birth to the Divine Source would be able to use it.
Therefore, someone like Lu Ming, who could absorb the Divine Source of others and convert it into his own power, was highly valued by Jiu Han.
The problem lay in the application of this power.
Lu Ming’s way of using the Divine Source with the Earth Puppet was simple and crude—just possess the armor and it would be done!
This was also a helpless move. Lu Ming himself was unable to apply the Divine Source flexibly, so he naturally could not expect the Earth Puppet he created to do this.
In this usage, 100 units of Divine Sources could only unleash 1 effect.
On the other hand, true Divine Spirit Realm experts used Divine Source in a way similar to Source Power Skills— the Divine Source flowed within their bodies, transforming into energy akin to Source Power. Through a specific operational logic, the power of their attacks was maximized, or they could produce special effects.
0.01 units of Divine Source could unleash 1 effect in the hands of a divine being.
This back-and-forth revealed an outrageous disparity!
“But it did not matter,”
With another thought, with the level 589 Dao of array formation as the foundation, more Source Power arrays formations appeared in the Void Space in front of Lu Ming.
Numerous runes flickered, outlining strange arcs that combined into more array patterns. Lu Ming then sent these array patterns to the battlefield where Moon Fiend was located.
“I don’t have much, but I have enough Divine Source.”
“Aren’t you good at fighting? Just fight a few more to entertain me!”
“Trash!”
Looking at the place where the Earth Puppet disappeared, Moon Fiend sneered and gave such evaluation.
Just as Moon Fiend turned to study how to break through this place and head deeper into the Boshi Tower, a rumbling sound once again echoed beneath her feet.
This made Moon Fiend abruptly turn to look at the ground.
The ground shook continuously.
Soon, Earth Puppets ten meters tall rose from the ground one after another!
At the same time, array patterns appeared in the void space and landed on the Earth Puppets…
Golden light began to shine.
The mud puppets were like small suns emitting golden light.
Moon Fiend watched as the number of Earth Puppets gradually increased, and the golden light gradually spread from the surface of the Earth Puppets’ bodies, eventually connecting and forming a unified glow.
Until a dazzling array of several hundreds of Earth Puppets stood on the ground like an army, as if covering the earth with a golden carpet…
Moon Fiend’s face instantly turned pig liver-colored.
“How is this possible…”
“Howcan there be so many!!”
While she roared in disbelief, Lu Ming did not give Moon Fiend much time to react.
One earth puppet after another leaped from the ground, legs pushing off the earth.
For a moment, it was as if a golden wall was brazenly pressing towards Moon Fiend!
Since the quality was not enough, then he would make up for it with quantity!
Hundreds of Earth Puppets consumed only a few thousands of Divine Source Points!
This was an astronomical figure to any Divine Spirit Realm expert, but it was only 1% of Lu Ming’s accumulation over the past three years.
Moreover, it did not matter even if these Earth Puppets were not Moon Fiend’s match.
The LV589 Dao of array formation had already given Lu Ming a better way to deal with Moon Fiend.
The battle between Moon Fiend and the puppet legion erupted instantly.
The earth rumbled and the space exploded.
The tremendous energy ripples caused the Boshi Tower to tremble. However, a large number of array formations vaguely appeared from the Void Space and stabilized the spatial environment inside the Boshi Tower.
Moon Fiend did not care about all of this.
She herself did not have any array formation skills to rely on.
As a result, she could not discern the faint array formations around her that were subtly flashing, circulating, and based on a fixed pattern, becoming increasingly complex and massive!
Lu Ming, who was in the manor, entered the Void again.
“Add more points!”
Level 589 array formation level was still too low.
Lu Ming needed more.
The gap between the divine-empowered Earth Puppets and Moon Fiend was huge.
Unfortunately, this gap did not reach a qualitative change.
It was just a difference in their usage techniques, and both sides actually relied on the Divine Source.
This also meant that quantity could definitely crush Moon Fiend—it simply depended on how much Lu Ming was willing to invest.
The earth-shattering aftermath of their intense battle continued, causing everything in the surroundings to be destroyed.
However, under the influence of the Boshi Tower’s grand array, it was confined to this layer and could not affect anything else.
Moon Fiend, who was surrounded by the divine-empowered puppets, had completely lost her composure.
Her expression was solemn, devoid of joy or sorrow. But it was precisely because Moon Fiend was in this state that she could focus on mobilizing every trace of strength within her body.
This meant that she was serious… She had no choice but to be serious.
A steady stream of Mythical Puppets appeared around her. Moon Fiend could often repel the Mythical puppets with a single punch. She could even use some of her trump cards that were not considered lethal moves to completely shatter the Mythical Puppets…
However, there were really too many of them.
So many that Moon Fiend gradually felt exhaustion creeping in.
“I’ll die… I’ll be exhausted to death…”
Half an hour later, Moon Fiend made this judgment.
However, her means were limited and she really could not find a way to break out of the situation.
Just as Moon Fiend began to feel a sense of despair, a light suddenly flashed before her eyes.
The light instantly expanded, forming a light gate, and a manor appeared before Moon Fiend’s eyes.
In the empty space in front of the manor, a handsome young man anxiously looked at Moon Fiend and roared, “Lord Moon Fiend, come here! Come here quickly!”
Moon Fiend was first stunned, then, she gritted her teeth and forced the divine-empowered puppets back, and dashed into the light gate like lightning.
When Moon Fiend crossed the light gate and arrived at the manor, the light gate behind her instantly closed.
The man in the manor turned around to look at Moon Fiend and heaved a sigh of relief.
“I’m Lin Feng. Greetings, my Lord..”


CHAPTER-344
Chapter 344: Drag, Trap, Lock (3)

In Lu Ming’s manor, Lu Ming sensed Moon Fiend’s sudden disappearance and immediately returned from the void space.
Lu Ming swept his gaze across with his perception and everything inside the Boshi Tower fell under Lu Ming’s scrutiny..
“Lin Feng?”
“How could this guy break through the array formation of the Boshi Tower?”
After careful investigation, Lu Ming nodded in realization.
“Not a breakthrough, it was just luck.”
“It’s a pity about the restrictive array formation I designed earlier.”
“But it doesn’t matter. From the current perspective, the Lock God Grand Array designed based on the Dao Of Array Formation at level 589, has many flaws and is not considered perfect.”
“Just need to refine it a bit.”
Opening his attribute panel again, Lu Ming looked at his skill bar, where a line of bold words were clearly written.
The Dao of Array Formation IV2380.
This was a level that far exceeded Jiu Han’s!
At this moment, the array formations and everything in the Boshi Tower became exceptionally transparent to Lu Ming.
Even with the most complex formations and structures, Lu Ming could easily see through their essence with a simple glance!
He could even effortlessly modify the array formations within the tower to make it more rational and powerful.
Moreover, if Lu Ming wanted, he could completely make the Bosita Tower his own, turning it into his divine artifact—of course, Lu Ming would not do that.
His gaze then turned to Lin Feng’s manor.
With a thought, streams of Source Power and a large amount of Divine Source splashed from all over his body, turning into array patterns that quickly disappeared in front of Lu Ming.
As a luck seedling, Lin Feng s dog luck had always been surprisingly good.
Although Lin Feng often found himself at a disadvantage when facing Lu Ming, luck was a mysterious thing that always seemed to play a role at crucial moments.
For example, now, at this moment!
Originally, when his colleagues died in battle and his Dao of array formations was instantly surpassed by Lu Ming, Lin Feng had already fallen into a desperate situation.
However, Jeros’ attack gave Lin Feng a glimmer of hope.
However, for some reason, Jeros seemed to have been blocked by Lu Ming… In any case, Lin Feng waited and waited, but there was no news of the Boshi Tower being breached or Lu Ming s demise.
Realizing that things did not go according to plans, Lin Feng decided to save himself.
The only way to save himself was to break open a hole in the Boshi Tower’s grand array formation and escape!
Considering the circumstances, Lin Feng was already fortunate if he could escape this time. He did not dare to expect too much.
However, his attainments in array formations were not considered master level. In addition, the main array controller, Lu Ming, was increasing his attainments in array formations at an absurd speed. Facing the Boshi Tower and Lu Ming, Lin Feng was completely powerless.
Unwillingness and despair.
Under the immense pressure, Lin Feng did not want to give up. Instead, he became even more calm and focused.
Finally, his luck kicked in.
By chance, Lin Feng changed the structure of a teleportation formation.
It was like a child unintentionally twisting a Rubik’s Cube.
Although he could not use this method to teleport out of Boshi Tower, he coincidentally bumped into the scene where Moon Fiend was besieged, and he successfully reunited with her.
“That’s probably it.”
After briefly explaining, Lin Feng looked at Moon Fiend, who was panting and lying on the ground without any ladylike demeanor. He could not help but say, “Lord Moon Fiend, did you come to rescue me?”
Moon Fiend was stunned.
Looking at Lin Feng’s hopeful expression, Moon Fiend spoke without hesitation, “Rescue you? Who will rescue me!?”
“Also, aren’t you Jiu Han’s disciple? You’re familiar with this array formation, right? Since you’re familiar, quickly open the door and let us out! Let me tell you, if we stay here any longer, none of us will be able to escape…”
As she spoke, Moon Fiend’s voice lowered.
Seeing Lin Feng’s dejected and despairing face, Moon Fiend suddenly realized their current situation.
Trapped beasts.
Prisoners.
“You can’t do anything either, can you?”
“Hmph.”
“Then do you have any plans? Or do you have any ideas? For example, can you send me to the core area of the Boshi Tower, and with my divine realm strength, break out of this situation?”
Lin Feng was silent for a long time before shaking his head, “No.”
Moon Fiend Yue took a deep breath, “Where’s your master? Did your master have anything to say about this?”
At the mention of this, Lin Feng’s head drooped even lower.
“No, I can’t contact my master…”
“Then what’s the use of having you?! “‘ At this moment, Moon Fiend raised her hand, her face like a shrew’s and her tone terrifying.
Today, she had suffered consecutive setbacks and her mood had reached its lowest point…
As for what Moon Fiend liked to do rhe most in a bad mood, there was no need to repeat this.
In any case, that killing intent was palpable. Moon Fiend really wanted to slap Lin Feng to death to relieve the anger in her heart.
But unexpectedly, she heard a sound suddenly coming from above.
She abruptly looked up.
She saw a pale golden light emerging from above.
1’he golden light started as a trickle, but soon, it expanded rapidly, resembling a giant opening its eyes.
The expanded golden color gradually connected into a continuous field, and in the blink of an eye, it formed a golden hemispherical light barrier.
The light barrier was like an inverted bowl, trapping Moon Fiend and Lin Feng inside.
It was not until this barrier was fully formed that Moon Fiend and Lin Feng snapped back to their senses.
“What’s this thing!?’1
Moon Fiend uttered in confusion, and Lin Feng responded foolishly, “1 don’t know…”
It’s an array formation… Can’t you tell? It seems that everything you learned from your teacher was in vain.”
Lu Ming’s voice came from the horizon, echoing countless times within the barrier, causing Moon Fiend and Lin Feng’s expressions to change.
In the next second, Lin Feng felt a gust of wind passing in front of him. Moon Fiend s figure shot out, instantly appearing at the edge of the barrier!
She slapped the barrier with her palm, causing a thunderous roar. However, the barrier remained unaffected, and Moon Fiend’s arm trembled slightly, seemingly injured by the reactive force.
Lu Ming s voice echoed again. “It’s useless. The strength of this barrier… Well, how should I put it… Judging by the strength you just displayed, even if you increase it by three to five times, you won’t be able to break it.”
And with Lu Ming’s supplementation of divine source within the barrier, it was almost equivalent to infinite!
This was the eternal prison that Lu Ming had designed for Moon Fiend using the Dao of array formation at level 2380, absolutely unbreakable.
Of course, this prison had more than one purpose.
As Lu Ming gently curled his finger, the main function of the barrier was immediately revealed.
Inside the barrier, Moon Fiend’s expression froze.
She could clearly see tiny specks of Divine Source oozing out of her pores.
These oozing Divine Source slowly rose into the air like golden fireflies and quickly flew into the sky, fusing into the barrier.
What she could not see was that as Moon Fiend s Divine Source fused into the barrier, the barrier transformed it into free-flowing Divine Source energy through the power of the array formation and transported it into Lu Ming’s body to replenish Lu Ming’s Divine Source points.
’’How many divine source points did 1 use just now?”
“Tens of thousands? Flundreds of thousands? That’s about it…”
in the manor, Lu Ming muttered to himself, and after sensing Moon Fiend with his perception, he saw Yao Yue inside the barrier attacking crazily but having no effect, and finally ending up in helpless rage. Lu Ming could not help but grin.
“Anyway, new grudges and old grudges, our grievances are really big… really a little big… Let me lock you up like a battery for a hundred and eighty years. Consider it the payment of some interest.”
After muttering, Lu Ming stood up.
With Moon Fiend dealt with, the situation Lu Ming faced could be considered to have temporarily stabilized.
His gaze swept across the entire Boshi ’Lower. Soon, Lu Ming looked at a certain place.
“The level of the array formation should be enough…”
“Then let me see what was the problem that kept Teacher stuck.’1
With a thought, Lu Ming’s figure immediately disappeared without a trace..


CHAPTER-345
Chapter 345: Guest

In the outside world.
Nearly an hour had passed, but the Boshi Tower still stood tall.
This made Jeros realize one thing, Moon Fiend had failed.
“Trash is trash!”
Jeros cursed and turned to look at the Blood Demon Gate behind him, as if he wanted to hear the next step of the plan from the mouth of Desolate Demon Lord.
The Desolate Demon Lord’s voice came calmly.
“Forget about this broken tower. The guest is about to arrive.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Jeros’ expression instantly darkened.
Far, far away, in the distance.
Two figures tore through the sky in an instant, heading towards Xuanshui City.
These two figures were extremely fast, approaching the speed of light, and when they neared Xuanshui City, the leading figure went from extreme motion to extreme stillness, stopping instantly.
Seeing this scene, the other figure also came to a halt.
As they had stopped traveling, the faces of the two could be seen.
The person trailing behind was dressed as a scholar, wearing glasses and exuding a scholarly aura.
This person was Jiu Han’s disciple, Shu Fang.
At this moment, Shu Fang’s breathing was a bit rapid. It was unknown if he was tired from the journey or if he had yet to recover from his old injuries three years ago. In short, his condition was not very good.
From Shu Fang’s current position, he could already see the sky-obscuring Blood Demon Gate.
Sensing the dense demonic qi on the other side of the Blood Demon Gate, a trace of undispellable worry appeared between Shu Fang’s brows.
“Teacher rushed to the front line, but Xuanshui City was invaded by the Ancient Demon Clan. The key is that the Little Junior Brother Teacher values the most is still inside Boshi Tower…”
As he spoke, Shu Fang sighed heavily, “How am 1 going to explain this to Teacher?”
As he spoke, he looked at the man in front of him from the corner of his eye.
The man was tall, standing at three meters, and his silver hair indicated that he was a member of the Eternal Clan. His muscles swelled all over his body, as if harboring explosive strength.
Hearing Shu Fang’s muttering, this man snorted coldly and said, “Whether your little junior brother can survive depends on fate. Don’t count on me! As for how to answer to Old Man Jiu Han, that’s your problem.”
“I only know one thing…”
“These demon cubs, none of them will survive this time!”
Faint lightning surged out of this person’s body and as he looked at the Blood Demon Gate, his gaze was filled with violence and killing intent.
“You dare to play a sneak attack? Do you really think my Eternal Clan is powerless!?”
The intense killing intent even made Shu Fang, from the same camp, feel a chill in his heart.
Because he knew that when this man spoke, he would surely follow through with his words!
Moreover, this man was one of the three gods of the Eternal Clan, the Heavenly Execution Star, Huang Ti!
The strongest expert of the Aeonians was undoubtedly the Eternal God Lord.
Below him were two clan guardian gods: the Lord of Time and Space, Wicky, and the Heavenly Execution Star, Huang Ti.
No one knew who was stronger between Wicky and Huang Ti, but Huang Ti’s murderous nature and decisiveness indeed far surpassed Wicky!
To put it bluntly, he had strong fists but he was a bit of a one-track mind.
The moment Xuanshui City was attacked, the Heavenly Capital had already received the news.
The Aeonians naturally could not sit back and do nothing when the hinterland was under attack.
Huang Ti immediately left the mountain and headed to Xuanshui City. And Shu Fang, who was originally recuperating at the back, hurriedly followed due to his concern for the teacher’s hometown.
The two of them advanced again and soon arrived at the edge of the Blood Demon Gate.
Suddenly, a voice sounded from inside the Blood Demon Gate.
“Huang Ti, long time no see.”
It was the voice of the Desolate Demon Lord.
Hearing this voice, Huang Ti immediately grinned like a ferocious beast baring its fangs.
“Believe me, this will definitely be the last time we meet.”
He said through gritted teeth, completely disregarding Xuanshui City, and without a second word, he crossed the Blood Demon Gate, charging straight towards the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss!
Behind him, Shu Fang sighed helplessly.
Directly confronting the big boss on the opposite side… this was indeed the style of Huang Ti.
But he could not be so reckless and impulsive himself.
Gazing at Boshi Tower, Shu Fang raised his eyebrows, seemingly surprised that Boshi Tower had not fallen yet.
He then looked at Jeros.
Their eyes met, and hostility sparked.
However, surprisingly, both sides maintained restraint.
Until Jeros asked, “Waiting?”
Shu Fang thought for a moment and nodded lightly, “Then let’s wait.”
When Lu Ming’s figure appeared again, he had already arrived at the door of Jiu Han’s Research Lab in the Boshi Tower.
Boshi Tower was not just Jiuhan’s divine artifact, but also Jiuhan’s residence and home.
On the top level of the tower, there was Jiu Han’s bedroom, study room, research lab, and even the main control room of the Boshi Tower.
In the past, this place was off-limits to everyone. Although Jiu Han did not forbid Lu Ming from coming here, out of courtesy and respect for Jiu Han, Lu Ming had indeed never stepped foot in this place.
“But today, Disciple has no choice but to make an exception.”
He stood in front of the door and bowed slightly to the door, as if Jiu Han was standing in front of him.
Only after bowing did Lu Ming activate the power of the main control array in his hands and opened the door of the research lab.
A vortex appeared in front of him. Lu Ming stepped into it, feeling a brief dizziness, and when he opened his eyes again, Lu Ming had already arrived at a pure white room.
The room was decorated with numerous array patterns—independent of Boshi Tower’s array formation system—functioning to isolate perception and were extremely strong..
Therefore, Lu Ming was previously unaware of the secrets of this place. He only knew that this place was where even he himself, who mastered the 238oth-level array formation and possessed the main control array formation of Boshi Tower, could not see through.
It was also the place where Jiu Han studied the path of the Outer Dao God.
After scanning the array patterns, Lu Ming’s gaze focused on an experimental platform.
The experiment platform was also filled with arrays. These exquisite arrays had their own uses—defense, sealing, x-ray vision, analysis, and so on, dazzling the eyes.
On the experiment platform, a two-meter-tall person with green skin and the appearance of a middle-aged man, was lying peacefully.
His chest rose and fell slightly, indicating that he was still alive. From the faintly emanating power within him, Lu Ming could tell that this person was at the Divine Spirit Realm.
Moreover, there was a familiar aura on him… After carefully sensing it, Lu Ming finally came to a realization.
“This is the original power source of Boshi Tower… It’s also the source of my divine source points.”
In three years, Lu Ming had obtained a seven-digit number of Divine Source points… a number so huge that it raised a question in Lu Ming’s mind.
Could he possibly drain Jiu Han dry…
It had to be known that at that time, God Jing had only provided Lu Ming with a few dozens of divine source points.
Although at that time, God Jing’s injuries were too serious and he was not in his peak state, Lu Ming still could not believe that Teacher Jiu Han’s innate Divine Source could be hundreds of thousands or millions of times that of God Jing’s.
Whenever Lu Ming asked this question, Jiu Han would smile without explaining.
But today, seeing the man on the experiment table, Lu Ming’s mind began to form some speculations.
He slowly walked over to the front of the man named Qing Jue.
Lu Ming lowered his head and looked at the miniature array near its head.
A faint golden ball that looked a little wilted fell into Lu Ming’s eyes..


CHAPTER-346
Chapter 346: Divinity

“The key to everything lies in divinity.”
“Divinity is the foundation of gods! It’s also the gift bestowed upon the gods by the supreme god, or you can call it authority.”
“And you feel that the divine source within you is very sluggish and unusable; 1 guess it’s probably related to the lack of divinity.”
This was what Jiu Han had said to Lu Ming during a morning class.
Lu Ming would always remember it.
Through Jiu Han’s various descriptions and behaviors, Lu Ming could roughly guess that the path of an Outer Dao God was closely related to divinity.
“So, Teacher Jiu Han’s research is precisely in deciphering divinity. If divinity can be completely deciphered, it can help me shape divinity and properly utilize the divine source, achieving the status of an Outer Dao God.”
In theory, that was the theory.
In simpler terms, this path was about creating one’s own divinity without relying on the Supreme God and ascending the Heavenly Stairs—Jiu Han had mentioned before that gods were constrained by the Supreme God. Lu Ming did not quite understand the cause-and-effect logic, but he could sense from Jiu Han’s words that this path seemed to have significant flaws.
“Then, let me see which segment Teacher is stuck in.”
Muttering to himself, Lu Ming went to the observation array and carefully observed the divinity.
With just one glance, Lu Ming felt dizzy!
These dense array patterns were delicate, complex, tiny yet magnificent, the chaotic contrast making Lu Ming dizzy for a moment.
It was like an elementary school student facing an advanced mathematics question, feeling overwhelmed and not knowing where to start.
“No wonder Teacher Jiu Han said that this path requires a profound knowledge of array formations…”
“No wonder Teacher had been stuck for a whole three years.”
“This thing is indeed a product of an array formation… However, with my level 2380 array formation knowledge, deciphering this thing is a bit beyond my reach.”
As he muttered, Lu Ming’s eyes flashed with interest.
Was it difficult?
It was very difficult.
However, Lu Ming had a cheat!
If level 2380 array formation knowledge was not enough, then make it level 23800! If that’s still not sufficient, multiply it by 10!
With a thought, the Dao of Array Formation IV2380 became IV2381!
As he absorbed the influx of array formation knowledge into his mind, Lu Ming also glanced to the side.
Soon, he picked up a tablet computer on the experiment table.
As he turned it on, Jiu Han’s figure appeared on the screen.
“This is my complete record of divinity deciphering. I’m handing it over to you, my disciple Lu Ming.”
“I hope that this research of mine can find a new path for both you and me, instead of stagnating on the dead end of the Divine Spirit Realm.”
On the screen, Jiu Han’s expression was solemn and his tone was low. Then he continued, “My disciple Lu Ming, when you see this document, the situation might have already changed to a certain extent. I can’t predict the future, so I can’t give you much advice.”
“I can only remind you of one thing.”
“If unnecessary, do not ascend the Heaven Ascension Stairs.”
“Unless it’s an absolute dead end, don’t become a so-called god.”
“Of course, if the current situation you’re facing now has no other solution other than ascending the heavenly stairs to become a god, you can also walk this path, but it’s just a desperate measure.”
“My words end here, and regarding the path of ascending the heavenly stairs to become a god, all my speculations are limited to guesses.””
“However… I think this divinity has already largely confirmed my speculations and premonitions.”
The scene changed and the formal analysis of the divinity began.
Lu Ming continued to allocate points as he watched.
His expression quickly turned solemn.
Three years ago, when the experiment had just begun, Qing Jue’s divinity was pristine and flawless.
Countless intricate patterns grew on it—these patterns looked like natural textures, complex yet seemed to contain the Dao of Heaven.
However, with IV2381 knowledge of array formations, Lu Ming immediately understood that these patterns were part of a certain large array formation!
It was impossible to tell the function of this array formation from the external appearance because the array formation on the divinity was three-dimensional, and he could only see the outermost layer. Combined with the complexity of the array, both Jiu Han at that time and the current Lu Ming could not get a glimpse of the whole picture.
Lu Ming’s role became apparent.
As Lu Ming continued to grow stronger and absorb the Divine Source, a drop of liquid Divine Source suddenly surged out from the inner layer of the Divine Source.
After this trace of Divine Source was absorbed by Lu Ming, the inner layer of the Divinity became faint, revealing part of the patterns from the next outer layer.
Seeing this, Lu Ming suddenly understood.
“This is the source of my seven-digit divine source points!”
“It’s not the divine source in Qing Jue’s body… his middle and outer layers of divinity had already recovered, providing about 100 points of divine source. The majority of the divine source I absorbed came entirely from the inner layer of divinity.”
And the inner layer of divinity came from the hand of the supreme god.
This was the power of the supreme god!
As he added points, Lu Ming continued to look at the records.
As Lu Ming continuously absorbed the power of the inner layer of the divinity, the divinity became more and more transparent.
The power of the inner layer of divinity seemed to be unable to recover naturally, and the total amount was constant.
As the divinity became more and more transparent, more array patterns appeared.
Soon, when Lu Ming’s array formation level reached level 2956, the time in the document came to one year ago.
Jiu Han stood in place, watching the still round divinity in silence for a long time.
A moment later, he turned around and smiled bitterly at the camera.
“My knowledge of array formations is no longer sufficient to continue deciphering divinity…”
“So from now on, I will only record the subsequent changes in the divinity.”
After that, Jiu Han did not appear in the video file again.
It was only that the divinity became increasingly faded as Lu Ming plundered…
And when the video finished playing, Lu Ming’s array formation level reached level 3265. The video ended, and Lu Ming turned to look at Qing Jue’s divinity.
Pale golden, semi-translucent, somewhat wilted, but still with numerous patterns enveloped in rich liquefied divine source, not yet emerging.
“Half.”
Lu Ming spoke in a low voice, “In three years, more than 3 million divine source points. But, this is only half the strength of the inner layer of divinity…” The terrifying power contained in the inner layer of the divinity was obvious.
Purple lightning covered Huang Ti’s body, making him look like a heavenly thunder, instantly rushing to the opposite side of the Blood Demon Gate.
In the frozen land, the lightning subsided, and Huang Ti floated in mid-air, his gaze sweeping across all directions.
“Heh… I’ve long been prepared.”
He sneered and spoke, only to discover that the territory of the Ancient Demon Clan had long been deserted. The remaining people were either experts or cannon fodder.
The Desolate Demon Lord’s voice sounded from the depths of the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss.
“Of course. Since it’s a sneak attack, one must naturally plan an escape route first.”
“As for you, my old friend… I think it’s time to settle the grievances and grudges between us.”
Countless years ago, it was Huang Ti who defeated the Ancient Demon Clan and expelled them to the frozen land.
Coincidentally, at that time, the adversary facing Huang Ti was none other than the current god of the Ancient Demon Clan, the Desolate Demon Lord..


CHAPTER-347
Chapter 347: Deep in the Demon Abyss

After countless millennia, the two guardian deities of the past met once again.
One person floated in the air, surrounded by lightning that seemed to burst like the lord of lightning, exuding a majestic aura.
The other person lurked underground, with a sinister and terrifying but monstrous aura that kept fermenting, no less powerful than the opponent.
After a prolonged confrontation, the Desolate Demon Lord spoke again.
“Come down and face death. 1 have prepared the battlefield for you, right under the Myriad Layered Demon Abyss.”
Clearly, the Desolate Demon Lord had prepared many surprises for Huang Ti below.
Logically speaking, Huang Ti should not have accepted the challenge.
However, Huang Ti had never been a rational person.
This was his style of doing things—facing challenges head-on, crushing everything with absolute power!
Since the beginning, Hua Ting had been like this, and now, as the guardian god, this style had become ingrained in him, even a part of his invincible power!
To retreat would dampen the fighting spirit, and his strength would plummet.
Advancing, on the other hand, would unleash even more powerful and brutal strength!
For Huang Ti, it wasn’t really a choice.
The lightning erupted ferociously.
Looking at the bottomless Myriad Layered Demon Abyss, Huang Ti laughed loudly. “Alright! Alright!!
“Let me see how confident a defeated opponent like you is to dare to talk nonsense to me!”
The lightning streaked across the sky.
Like a long arrow or a sharp sword, it plunged directly into the deepest part of the Myriad Layered Demon Abyss.
The next moment, the entire frozen land began to shake and tremble. Powerful energy waves erupted from underground, bursting out of the entrance to the abyss.
For a moment, the Myriad Layered Demon Abyss seemed to turn into a volcano!
The battle of the guardian gods in the outside world had no impact on the Xuanshui City and the Boshi Tower.
At this moment, Shufang had also rushed to the scene. In a sense, Lu Ming had passed this stage.
His attention was completely focused on Qing Jue’s divinity.
“In three years, I absorbed half of the power.”
“If you want to see through the formation composition of the entire divine persona, you have to completely absorb the power in the divine persona.
“Not only that, my current level of formation seems insufficient to analyze the formation on the divine grid…”
So the problem became two-fold.
1: Absorb Divine Source.
Two: Increase the level of the array formation.
Both of these problems had solutions, and solving them would allow Lu Ming to realize Jiu Han’s plan, step onto the path of the Outer Dao God, and obtain the power of the Divine Spirit Realm as the winner without ascending to the heavens!
The goal was clear, and there were methods.
At this moment, Lu Ming was full of motivation!
He did not even want to wait any longer.
“As soon as possible.”
Improving the level of the formation was a meticulous job, impossible to speed up. It could only be increased step by step. However, having the Void Domain, Lu Ming didn’t think it would take him much time.
As for increasing his strength to absorb the Divine Source…
Lu Ming thought of his level on the attribute panel.
“Let’s do it.”
The Myriad Layered Demon Abyss was one of the few forbidden areas in the Black Mist Zone.
Before the Desolate Demon Lord, even the ancient demons settled in the frozen land could not fully explore the true nature of the Myriad Layered Demon Abyss.
He only knew that close to 10 Divine Spirit Realm experts who had come to explore and seek excitement had perished here.
However, when an individual’s strength reached the level of the guardian deities, almost all the forbidden places in the Black Mist Zone were basically no threat.
Therefore, even though Huang Ti had never been to the Myriad Layered Abyss Demon Abyss before, he was not afraid of its reputation at this moment.
Compared to the Myriad Layered Demon Abyss itself, the Desolate Demon Lord, who was also a guardian deity, was even more threatening.
This was what Huang Ti was thinking at this moment.
The lightning traversed quickly into the depths of the earth.
Facing him, the brown demonic energy surged, taking on various forms, transforming into countless vivid and lifelike evil beasts that crazily rushed towards Huang Ti. However, they were purified by the power of the lightning, just a hundred meters away from Huang Ti.
The lightning and demonic energy interwove, creating a roaring shockwave. In this kind of confrontation that couldn’t even be considered a probe, the residual energy had already made the Myriad Layered Demon Abyss tremble continuously. A large amount of energy waves pierced through the abyss and rushed into the sky, as if turning the abyss into an erupting volcano.
A loud “Boom” echoed.
Huang Ti, who had been flying at nearly the speed of light for about 30 seconds, landed heroically, reaching the deepest part of the Demon Abyss!
The lightning entwined around him illuminated everything in the surroundings.
An empty space, a hard ground with faint red patterns.
Not far ahead, a towering, distorted throne that resembled a natural formation, with a colossal creature seated on top!
“It’s been a long time…” As Huang Ti spoke, it suddenly smiled and said, “You still look so disgusting… Desolate.”
Under the illumination of the lightning, the Desolate Demon Lord revealed his true appearance.
On closer inspection, he was no different from ordinary members of the Ancient Demon Clan—pale yellow scales covering his body, red eyes, bat-like wings, and curved demon horns, and a faint smell of sulfur emanating from his entire body. In short, it perfectly matched people’s imagination of a demon.
The only problem was that the Desolate Demon Lord was a big fat guy…
He was too fat.
Standing at a height of about ten meters, his width reached an astonishing twenty meters! Layers of fat piled up on the Desolate Demon Lord’s body, squeezing his features to the point where they were blurry, and his limbs and wings looked deformed.
This wasn’t robustness…
This was pure obesity.
It even made people suspect whether this thing was really from the Ancient Demon Clan and not some new species.
Regarding the term ‘disgusting’, the Desolate Demon Lord showed no expression—his features were so distorted by the fat that he couldn’t make any expression.
However, a voice sounded from inside the Desolate Demon Lord’s body.
“I hope your strength is as unyielding as your temper and mouth.”
When enemies met, their eyes would naturally turn red.
The conflict between the two sides could not be reconciled.
At this moment, the two guardian deities couldn’t be bothered to say anything else.
The brown demonic energy and the lightning erupted instantaneously, and a rich golden light burst forth.
In the next second, an astonishing shockwave rippled out, and the abyss roared while the frozen land trembled!
Destructive storms spewed out from the entrance of the abyss.
That power was even transmitted to the other side of the Blood Demon Gate.
Seeing the situation, Shufang took action to protect Xuanshui City from the aftermath.
Turning his head to the side, Lu Ming saw that Yerofeis did not take the opportunity to attack him. He just stayed far away, looking towards the Myriad Layered Demon Abyss on the other side of the Blood Demon Gate with a thoughtful expression.
Shufang frowned. “Are you really going to fight like this?”
The Desolate Demon Lord and Huang Ti had undoubtedly gone all out.
And the death battle of the guardian deities meant endless conflict between the two races!
Just like Jiu Han, Shufang couldn’t understand the root cause of this battle. The resolute actions of the Ancient Demon Clan at this moment puzzled him.
“Do you really have the ability and need to fight us Aeonians to the death?”
In response, Jeros just smiled mysteriously.
He didn’t say anything.
However, that smile seemed to explain a lot..


CHAPTER-348
Chapter 348: Advancement

Due to the intervention of Shufang, Boshi Tower was not affected by the aftermath of the battle between the guardian deities.
Lum Ming couldn’t be bothered with everything happening outside.
After all, the outcome of everything was determined by the victory or defeat of Desolate and Huang Ti.
If Huang Ti won, he would be safe; if Desolate won, he would probably face severe consequences. And in this process, Lu Ming couldn’t intervene or have any impact.
So, he had no choice but to continue leveling up.
Under the Myriad Layered Demon Abyss, the battle between Desolate and Huang Ti became more and more intense.
However, being gods of the tribal realm with similar strength and reserves of divine origins, their battle gradually reached a stalemate. When two gods at the Divine Spirit Realm with almost equal strength clashed, a short battle could last for three to five days, and in some cases, even continue for three to five months without a pause.
This gave Lu Ming the time to develop.
After just a few hours, Lu Ming’s knowledge of array formations had reached level 5869!
Leaving the void space again and standing in front of Qing Jue, he looked through everything and focused on Qing J tie’s Divine Source.
“So, that’s how it is…”
Lu Ming muttered softly, having satisfied the requirements for deciphering the divine persona arrays.
He revisited the recordings left by Jiu Han.
Starting from the outermost layer, Lu Ming analyzed the structure of the divine persona arrays layer by layer.
Pulling threads, peeling layers, and then analyzing meticulously.
A vast amount of numbers and knowledge related to array formations floated in Lu Ming’s mind, assisting him in the analysis.
After another few hours, Lu Ming nodded gently.
“It’s almost done.”
As far as it could be seen, the composition of this array did not exceed the scope.
Although the divine formations on the divine grid were intricate, the main functions of the outer formations were still conventional – sealing, enhancement, automatic recovery, encryption, and similar features. None of these were what Lu Ming needed.
“So, let me see what the inner layers of the array are like.”
If he wanted to analyze the array formations in the inner layer, he had to first free up the Divine Source within the inner Divine Vessel.
As he spoke, Lu Ming had already opened the attribute panel.
Looking at the row that said ‘Physique Realm Level 5’ in his attribute column, Lu Ming took a slow breath and activated his breathing technique.
A massive amount of source power swarmed towards Lu Ming.
For a moment, a source power storm raged in the research room.
As a quasi god with 36 blood patterns and three silver patterns, Lu Ming was still only at level five of the Physique Realm according to the system’s evaluation…
The system’s explanation deviated from common sense.
Lu Ming didn’t know how to explain this, and he couldn’t understand the origin of this deviation, so he didn’t think too much about it.
All he needed to know was one thing.
He could still advance.
And after advancing, his attributes would double!
Actually, at this point, the three-dimensional attributes were not very important to Lu Ming; what mattered was the strength brought by the blood patterns.
Lu Ming was not sure how his changes would unfold after advancing again.
Would his three-dimensional attributes double?
Or would the number of blood patterns increase?
Everything was unknown…
Soon, the source power in Boshi Tower was sucked away by Lu Ming, accounting for 1%.
A large amount of source power filled Lu Ming’s body and infiltrated every cell, strengthening cell structures and increasing cell strength!
His physical strength slowly increased.
In the blink of an eye, Lu Ming’s 30 million attributes had already increased to 60 million!
Along with the attributes, the divine source points also increased.
However, Lum Ming couldn’t help but frown…
“This won’t do…
“The increase is too little.”
When Lu Ming’s attributes reached 100 million, it would trigger a bottleneck in the blood pattern.
After breaking through the bottleneck, the 100 million attributes turned into a blood pattern. At the same time, the three-dimensional attributes would be recalculated.
In other words, Lu Ming’s actual attribute just now should have been 3,630,000,000.
From level five to level six of the Physique Realm, it only increased to 3,660,000,000…
Quite disappointing…
As this thought flashed through his mind, Lu Ming immediately felt a fierce attraction within his body again.
That kind of attraction, like a starved ghost craving food after seven days of hunger, and like an endless black hole, it drew in more source power into Lu Ming’s body, directly filling the existing blood pattern!
36 blood patterns suddenly radiated light.
Lum Ming tore open his clothes the first time and stared intently at his blood patterns.
With a large influx of source power, Lu Ming’s blood patterns crazily twisted, like living beings!
The blood patterns quickly thickened and enlarged.
When this growth reached its limit, the blood patterns, like cells dividing, split from one into two!
36 blood patterns turned into 72!
A tremendous force instantly surged into Lu Ming’s body.
It even made Lu Ming involuntarily roar.
Muscles swelled wildly and then slowly contracted under the suppression of the restrictive state.
In just a moment, Lu Ming had completed the advancement!
The concentration of source power in Boshi Tower was at least a hundred times higher than the outside world.
However, after only one advancement, the concentration of source power in Boshi Tower had already dropped to a level that could be considered a source power desert.
The formation automatically operated, and Boshi Tower began to draw source power from the outside.
This drawing was grand, but outside, Desolate and Huang Ti were in a life-and-death battle. No matter how great Lu Ming’s commotion was, it couldn’t match the magnitude of those two.
Both Shufang and Jeros turned their heads and glanced at Boshi Tower but didn’t pay any more attention.
However, to the two gods in Boshi Tower, Lu Ming’s actions were a disaster!
This was because as Lu Ming grew stronger, he would simultaneously absorb the Divine Source!
Qing Jue was fine since he was already in a coma and had no reaction to the external situation.
The only one suffering was Moon Fiend.
Time went back to just now.
Moon Fiend, who was sealed by the barrier, began to vent her powerless rage!
She didn’t think about ways to survive.
She didn’t have that intelligence.
She didn’t even beg Lu Ming for mercy.
She couldn’t let go of her pride…
The eruption of emotions led to physical and mental exhaustion.
Only when Moon Fiend was tired and sleepy did she briefly calm down, turning to look at Lin Feng behind her.
At this moment, Lin Feng, like a frightened little animal, cowered in the corner of the barrier, looking pitifully at Moon Fiend. When Moon Fiend’s gaze swept over, Lin Feng’s expression froze, and he made a smile uglier than crying.
“What are you laughing at?” Moon Fiend, with no expression on her face, spoke, and Lin Feng’s facial muscles twitched.
Before he could react, Moon Fiend’s furious voice echoed again, “I’m asking you, what are you laughing at?!
“If it weren’t for your incompetence, 1 wouldn’t have to enter this lousy tower, and 1 wouldn’t be in this situation now!”
“Right…”
“All of this is because of you!!”
Energy within the outburst transformed into invisible hands, violently pulling Lin Feng in front of her. Looking at Lin Feng, Moon Fiend’s expression twisted.
She exerted a little more strength and broke Lin Feng’s little finger…
“It’s all your fault! It’s all your fault!!”
This woman was starting again…


CHAPTER-349
Chapter 349: Physique Realm, Level Seven!

The torment by Moon Fiend began.
Lin Feng started screaming.
At this moment, Lin Feng already sensed his impending doom.
Locked in with this enraged madwoman… could anything good come out of it?
He would be tortured to the point of skin splitting and bones shattering, unable to seek survival or embrace death!
“No, don’t… Boohoo…”
Just as he was about to beg for mercy, Moon Fiend covered his mouth. Lin Feng vaguely saw the completely distorted face of Moon Fiend, lost in despair.
“Lu Ming? Is this the punishment you’ve prepared for me?
“You’re too ruthless!
“Even if I become a ghost, I won’t let you off!”
Little did he know that Lu Ming never considered him, Lin Feng, significant.
If the people from Kebo were jesters, Lin Feng was the king of jesters —but ultimately, an inconsequential one.
Completely unrelated to the bigger picture.
Meanwhile, Lu Ming was advancing.
As a substantial amount of source energy was drawn, the divine essence was also absorbed by Lu Ming.
Considering that in the entire Boshi Tower, there were only two Divine Spirit Realm sources, Qing Jue and Moon Fiend…
Therefore, Moon Fiend’s fate could easily be predicted.
A large amount of Divine Source seeped out of Moon Fiend’s pores and surged into the barrier above.
This speed even made Moon Fiend pause in her torture and look at her exposed skin in shock.
If her loss of divine essence speed was 1 just now, it was now 10000!
At the speed of 1, Moon Fiend’s self-recovery of divine essence was nearly equal to the loss. Now, at a speed of 10000, this balance was violently shattered!
At the speed of 1, Moon Fiend’s self-recovery of divine essence was nearly equal to the loss. Now, at a speed of 10000, this balance was violently shattered!
Moon Fiend felt her hand go limp and her head spin.
The giant hand controlling Lin Feng could no longer be sustained, collapsing on the spot. Lin Feng fell from the sky to the ground, rolling away a considerable distance.
At this moment, Moon Fiend couldn’t care less about what happened to Lin Feng.
She just stared at her hands in a daze.
She could see a large amount of golden light permeating from her in just a few seconds. Then, a tremendous sense of weakness rushed in!
Three seconds.
Just three seconds.
Luming completely absorbed the outer and middle layers of Moon Fiend’s divine essence! This was the power Moon Fiend could control.
Without this portion of power, Moon Fiend’s aura plummeted instantly, and her divine essence entered a dormant state.
Moon Fiend felt dizzy.
Before she could think further, an even greater sense of withdrawal emerged.
Within her body, the slightly smaller godhood than a normal godly realm rotated, and tiny golden liquid divine essence oozed out and was then sucked away by Luming.
A loud “bang” rang out.
Moon Fiend sat on the ground.
She opened her mouth as if wanting to say something, but the overwhelming sense of weakness rendered her speechless.
With a tilt of her head, she lay down, fainting from Lu Ming’s forceful extraction.
All of this was witnessed by Lin Feng not far away.
Although he didn’t know what happened to Moon Fiend, it seemed like… his trouble was resolved?
“It’s not completely resolved!”
Moon Fiend just fainted, not died…
When she woke up, he would still face whatever he had to face.
He might even have to endure more ruthless and insane torment!
Moon Fiend would undoubtedly vent her anger on him, doubling the intensity of her torture!
He vaguely thought of what might happen next.
Lin Feng’s eyes slowly turned red.
“You want to mess with me? I’ll mess with you first!!”
Looking at Moon Fiend’s exposed smooth skin, Lin Feng’s boldness surged at this moment.
Given the situation, what else did he have to lose?
“Since it’s unlikely I’ll survive anyway, let’s satisfy my goddess first!”
Meanwhile, the events happening in the sealed space went unnoticed by Lu Ming.
He didn’t care about what was happening between Lin Feng and Moon Fiend. After all, they were already prisoners under his control, and they couldn’t stir up any storms.
The key lay in the analysis of the divine persona.
As Lu Ming advanced from the fifth level of the Physique Realm to the sixth level of the Physique Realm, the number of blood patterns increased explosively from 36 to 72. At the same time, he also received more than three million source points—a bountiful harvest.
However, when he looked at Qing Jue, Luming found that a small portion of energy still remained in Qing Jue’s godhood. This meant that the array of the divine persona was not fully displayed before him.
“Moon Fiend helped Qing Jue bear some pressure. Otherwise, leveling up once should have been enough.”
Now, it was not enough.
However, it did not matter.
If one level wasn’t enough, he’d go for another!
With a thought, a storm of source energy erupted again.
Qing Jue and Moon Fiend’s divinities were violently extracted again. This caused Moon Fiend’s body to convulse continuously, her consciousness faintly waking up. She could vaguely feel her body being ravished by someone of the opposite sex…
Whatever more happened, Moon Fiend couldn’t do anything, nor could she perceive it.
The process of having one’s Divine Source forcefully extracted was not good. When the power of this extraction spread to the inner layer of the divine persona, the nominal owner of the divine persona completely lost the ability to resist.
This was because the inner layer of the divine persona did not belong to them!
Infinite golden light, mixed with source energy, surged violently towards Lu Ming. In a short period of time, he once again completed his advancement!
Level seven of the Physique Realm.
blood patterns!
The three-dimensional attributes once again reached the bottleneck of 100 million blood patterns—of course, this was not important.
Most importantly, when Lu Ming looked at Qing Jue’s godhood again, he saw that Qing Jue’s divine persona had turned completely transparent.
The array of the divine persona, from the inside out, was revealed completely, like a young girl who had taken off her clothes completely.
In the deepest part of those stacked arrays, a colorful, nano-sized light spot attracted all of Lu Ming’s attention.
“What is this?”
Lu Ming could not see clearly what the light spot was.
It wasn’t that he couldn’t see nano-sized things, but because the array on the godhood was too complex and dense, it blocked Lu Ming’s field of vision.
But an instinct told him, no, there was no need for instinct.
Anyone could see clearly that the light spot was the core of the entire divine persona!
“Step by step, first analyze this divine persona array, then study that light spot…”
With a mutter, Lu Ming officially began the analysis of the divine persona.
Based on his knowledge of arrays, from the outside to the inside, he systematically analyzed the array of the divine persona. He gradually understood the relationships between these array patterns and the functions and structures of each layer of arrays in the multiple array formations.
This was undoubtedly a slow process.
And it couldn’t be accelerated with the void space.
However, Lu Ming enjoyed it.
After all, the pie Jiu Han drew for Lu Ming, named the Outer Dao God, was truly enticing.
Now, Lu Ming had the ability to complete what Jiu Han had left unfinished.
Once he completed the comprehensive analysis of the divine persona, Lu Ming would be able to become an Outer Dao God. With a non-divine body, he would be able to use the Divine Source and avoid the hazards of a regular Divine Spirit Realm.
This was much more promising than cultivating the blood traces in seclusion..


CHAPTER-350
Chapter 350: Reconstruction

In the outside world, the battle between Desolate and Huang Ti was still ongoing. It was probably impossible to determine the winner for the time being.
In the tower, Lu Ming began to analyze the divine persona array.
As Lu Ming delved into the research, he realized that his progress was not as slow as he had imagined.
He analyzed it very quickly.
Mainly because the research data left by Jiu Han accelerated this progress.
Three days later, the external battle continued, while Lu Ming had completely dismantled the composition of the divine persona array.
Looking at the translucent divine persona in Qing Jue’s mind, Lu Ming’s gaze was deep and his tone was low.
“This thing… feels a little strange.”
First of all, he could confirm that this thing was very complicated.
After carefully dismantling it, Lu Ming found that the entire formation was composed of millions of miniature formations arranged in a nesting manner.
Lu Ming could tell what some of the array formations were used for and what functions they had.
However, Lu Ming did not understand the use and meaning of some array formations.
When these things that could be understood and those that could not be understood were mixed together, the entire divine persona array became a mystery to Lu Ming again.
He had indeed completely dismantled the divine persona array.
But complete dismantling did not equate to complete understanding, complete clarity, and complete mastery.
It was just like a mechanic being able to take apart a car, but he might not be able to produce a car from scratch.
The knowledge of mechanics, chemistry, and dynamics involved in it, the mechanic might not understand. What he could do was take the car apart or understand the structure of the car.
Of course, this comparison was somewhat inaccurate when applied to array formations.
Lu Ming, who had mastered the way of array formations, was equivalent to a processing factory.
He could dismantle, produce, and naturally, he could put it back together like a model.
He could even imitate and, in the form of imitation, deepen his understanding of the array formation.
After a simple contemplation, Lu Ming made a decision.
Returning to the void, Lu Ming sat cross-legged.
Streams of source power were generated from his hands, forming one delicate formation after another.
“Let’s try using source power to form it first. At the very least, 1 have to explore the use of some sub-formations.”
Of course, the true divine persona array used Divine Source, which was still different from source power.
Therefore, Lu Ming did not know if source power could replicate the divine persona array and if there would be any difference in its function.
However, he had to try first.
If he succeeded and became proficient, or if he completely failed, it would not be too late to use the Divine Source Points.
Lu Ming’s hands were extremely fast.
The way of array formations was profound enough.
The void space was powerful enough.
This greatly reduced the time needed to reconstruct the divine persona array.
In the outside world, about an hour later, Lu Ming suddenly opened his eyes.
“I failed.”
After spending an hour in reality and 60 days in the void space, Lu Ming had constructed more than half of the divine persona array. However, when his progress reached 63%, he failed because of a small mistake.
Failure meant all previous efforts were in vain.
Lu Ming simply left the void space and observed the divine persona array again to deepen his impression of the divine persona array.
He stood in front of Qing Jue and observed the divine persona for more than ten minutes.
Lu Ming returned to the void again.
This went on and on.
“It failed. This route is a little deeper.”
“It failed. There’s a 0.01 error in the energy band here.”
“I failed. The embedding isn’t perfect enough… If I advance another hundred levels in the way of array formations, this trap can be broken.”
“I failed again… but the progress has already reached 99%. I’m only short of the last point.”
Finally, another three days passed in reality.
Pure light erupted from the void.
A crystal core the size of a little finger floated in front of Lu Ming.
Looking at this complicated little thing, Lu Ming took a deep breath.
“It worked.”
“I also roughly understand the functions of the various sub-formations…”
After muttering this, Lu Ming casually waved his hand and shattered the entire crystal core!
“However, this thing constructed with source power is meaningless.”
This thing was not a divine persona.
It was just a clumsy imitation of a divine persona.
It did not have any function at all because its essence was different!
Just like the difference between a real car and a toy model car.
“The root of it is the difference in materials.
“The divine persona array uses Divine Source, so it can only use Divine Source.
Therefore, the divine persona array constructed with source power is meaningless.”
“However, the benefit is that I’m already familiar with the method to construct a true divine persona.”
“Next, I’ll use Divine Source to try to construct a true divine persona!”
Thinking about this, a fervent light shone in Lu Ming’s eyes.
Because he had a premonition.
This step was extremely crucial.
Not only for himself but also for Jiu Han, and even the entire Black Mist Zone, it was extremely important!
However, this step was even more complicated, troublesome, and difficult.
If he wanted to construct a divine persona, he had to use Divine Source.
Lu Ming could convert divine source points into the essence of the gods, and he had enough divine source points at the level of millions.
However, he could not control it…
The construction of an array formation was a delicate job to begin with. It was a huge problem if he could not control it…
In short, there was currently such a paradox—if one wanted to create a Divine Source, they had to possess and control the Divine Source. However, if they wanted to possess and control the Divine Source, they had to have a Divine Source first.
This contradiction was completely unsolvable for anyone.
But Lu Ming found another way.
“I still have to rely on array formations!”
The power of the formation could guide the Divine Source in Lu Ming’s body. This was the only way Lu Ming could control the Divine Source.
Of course, it was definitely impossible for him to control it as meticulously as he did with a divine persona. It could not even be considered exquisite. It could only be considered crude… However, wasn’t Lu Ming preparing to create a divine persona?
This brought him back to the paradox…
In any case, Lu Ming had no other choice.
He could only overcome difficulties with all his efforts.
“Convert 1000 divine source points.”
In the void, Lu Ming spoke.
Then, a golden light emerged from his body.
Along with it, a large amount of source power emerged.
source power constructed formations, guiding the slow but firm outline of the essence of the gods.
This difficulty was a thousand times, ten thousand times greater than before.
Lu Ming remained focused, his eyes unwavering.
After all, he had always been a person who was firm, didn’t know how to give up, and never slackened.
No one knew everything that Lu Ming was doing inside the Boshi Tower.
Against the backdrop of the life-and-death battle of the town’s divine god, the Boshi Tower was like a roadside pebble, receiving no attention.
Three more Aeonian Divine Spirit Realm experts rushed to the scene around the culprit, but they did not do anything. They only stared and waited.
They were waiting for the outcome of the battle between Huang Ti and Desolate to be decided.
Under the Demon Abyss, the battle that had lasted for several days temporarily subsided.
The lightning and demonic qi converged.
They looked at each other, Huang Ti solemn, and Desolate calm.
Until Huang Ti said, “It’s time to go all out..”


CHAPTER-351
Chapter 351: Beneath My Feet

After a few days of probing, Huang Ti had discovered something.
The power wielded by the Desolate Demon Lord was not weaker than his own. In their past encounters, Huang Ti had won more than he lost. Unexpectedly, the Desolate Demon Lord’s strength had advanced over the years—although Huang Ti was not sure by what means he had strengthened.
In short, if he did not bring out his divinity seriously, he might not fare well this time.
Contemplating this, the purple lightning surged again. The deep purple even gradually turned pitch-black, indicating that the power was more condensed and ferocious!
On the opposite side, the Desolate Demon Lord slowly raised his hand.
Earthen yellow demonic qi brewed in his hand, as if it could obliterate all life in the world and turn everything into desolation.
“Thunder Movement, Roaring God!”
The pitch-black thunder in Huang Ti’s hand instantly turned into a long spear ! At this moment, he stepped forward with the spear in his hand, the tip of the spear pointed, he slashed towards the Desolate Demon Lord like lightning. Golden light sparkled.
It was the color of the Divine Source.
Beneath the combination of golden light and dark thunder, the Desolate
Demon Lord vaguely saw Huang Ti’s eyes that were filled with battle intent.
The Desolate Demon Lord suddenly sighed.
“Boring.”
“And foolish.”
Seeing the shock in Huang Ti’s eyes, the Desolate Demon Lord let down all its guard.
He simply watched as Huang Ti’s killing move approached, a strange sneer outlined on his plump face.
“You don’t even realize that you’re being used as a weapon by others!”
Boom!
The lethal move named Roaring God hit the mark!
It could be clearly seen that the plump but sturdy demonic body of the Desolate
Demon Lord collapsed in an instant. An unrivaled power penetrated everything, blasting into the throne beneath the Desolate Demon Lord, reducing the entire throne to ashes in an instant!
Dim demonic qi rippled not far away and gradually condensed into the appearance of the Desolate Demon Lord.
Huang Ti suddenly turned to look at the Desolate Demon Lord and roared angrily, “What kind of trap have you set for me?! How dare you use me as a weapon?!”
The Desolate Demon Lord, who had been severely injured suddenly laughed wildly, “Do you think I’m the one using you as a weapon?”
“You fool!”
“The one really using you as a weapon is your big brother, the Eternal God
Lord!”
Huang Ti was immediately stunned and heard the voice of the Desolate Demon Lord echoing.
“I bet he never told you anything about the Supreme God, did he?”
Huang Ti immediately retorted, “The Supreme God is high and mighty. How would my brother, the Eternal God Lord know about the Supreme God?”
“No… he knows.”
“However, it’s not important. I think he has never told you the true purpose of this war between you, us, the Subversives, right?”
These words finally silenced Huang Ti.
After a moment, he gently waved the thunder spear in his hand and said calmly, “Invasion and being invaded… Is there a need for others to tell me such a simple thing?”
“Heh… Even you feel guilty saying this, right?” The Desolate Demon Lord sneered and refuted.
At this moment, more than half of his body had already condensed again.
However, the aura on his body had weakened significantly—resisting Roaring God, even though the Desolate Demon Lord did not die, he was seriously injured.
It could even be said that the outcome of the battle between the Desolate Demon Lord and Huang Ti had reached a conclusion—at least in a way that Huang Ti could never have imagined.
He could not understand why the Desolate Demon Lord would choose to be defeated willingly.
Nor did he know the significance of his words.
However, looking at the Desolate Demon Master’s fat face, he suddenly sighed.
“Forget it, why am I telling you so much… Taking your head back is more important than anything else.”
Huang Ti was not a scheming person, he was a bit straightforward and a bit stubborn.
Similarly, such a person had a clear stand and would not waver in his position and beliefs just based on what others said.
And the Desolate Demon Master knew Huang Ti’s personality very well.
He was not on guard at all.
He just stretched out his fat finger and pointed to the shattered throne beneath Huang Ti’s feet.
“Take my head back?”
“You’re thinking too much.”
“This time, you’re doomed.”
The changes and dialogue beneath the Demon Abyss went unnoticed by those above.
They just felt that the battle below suddenly calmed down.
The dust seemed to have settled.
“Who won?” The Divine Spirit Realm expert of the Eternal Clan asked, and Shu Fang who was beside him shook his head, “I don’t know…”
He glanced to the side from the corner of his eye and suddenly discovered that Jeros had already disappeared at some point.
“He ran away? Then Lord Huang Ti should have won, right?”
Shu Fang muttered to himself, but he did not know that Jeros, who had already run far away, was completely contrary to his judgment.
“The plan is successful.”
Far away in the frozen land.
After running for a long distance, Jeros suddenly turned around and looked at the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss.
When he sensed the news from the Desolate Demon Lord, Jeros suddenly heaved a sigh of relief, but the worry in his eyes became denser and denser.
Recalling what the Desolate Demon Lord had instructed him before, Jeros gritted his teeth and flew towards the distance at an even faster speed…
Or rather, escaped!
It was as if there was some vicious beast behind him!
“The plan succeeded.”
“Therefore, this world is finished.”
“I hope the information within the subversives is accurate, and I also hope that thing can really protect the members of my Ancient Demon Clan.”
Such voices echoed in Jeros’ mind in succession.
In the distance, the new gathering place of the Ancient Demon Clan came into view.
Accompanying it was the towering giant human-headed tree.
Following the direction of the Desolate Demon Lord, Huang Ti lowered his head to look at its feet.
Beneath his feet was the throne of the Desolate Demon Lord previously.
However, at this moment, the throne was already shattered.
The power of the Roaring God was strong and focused, not only shattering the Desolate Demon Lord’s divine body but also breaking the Desolate Demon Lord’s throne, and the power even penetrated the throne, and went deep into the ground.
Therefore, at this moment, what Huang Ti saw was a deep, bottomless pit with a diameter of about one meter.
Frowning, Huang Ti could not help but ask, “So what? And then what?”
He still did not understand why the Desolate Demon Lord wanted him to look beneath his feet.
He could not tell what was worth caring about in this pile of ruins under his feet.
It was not until a dim red light suddenly lit up from all directions.
Huang Ti was shocked to discover that the flickering light was the red patterns that were like magma on the surrounding ground.
The red light contained destructive power—but to the God of Protection, the strength of this power was only average.
At the very least, it definitely would not be lethal.
While Huang Ti was evaluating the danger of this red light,
“Rumble!”
A series of continuous explosions…
The red light began to explode.
The trajectory of the explosions were those red patterns.
The continuous explosions seemed to have been carefully designed, and the design plan was the red patterns that looked like they were naturally formed.
The entire crust began to shake.
Huang Ti’s body floated, hovering in mid-air, and he looked at the ground with a somewhat solemn and puzzled expression.
Until the Desolate Demon Lord’s voice echoed in his ears again.
“Are you going to ask what’s going on?”


CHAPTER-352
Chapter 352: Beneath the Devil Abyss, Named the Dead Sea!

Yes, this was the question Huang Ti wanted to ask.
Hearing the voice of the Desolate Demon Lord, Huang Ti turned to look at him, and saw a faint smile on the Desolate Demon Lord’s lips.
He continued, “1 designed the patterns, and your Roaring God is the catalyst to detonate my method.”
“Only the fierce, swift, and condensed power of God Roaring can break through this most critical node. Without you, Huang Ti, I can’t do it myself.”
The confusion on Huang Ti’s face deepened.
He pointed to the ground. “Does it make any sense? Does any of this make sense?”
At the cost of his own serious injuries as a catalyst…
Luring him to attack…
Just to detonate the earth’s crust?
What kind of logic was this?
Upon hearing the word “sense”, the Desolate Demon Lord’s smile immediately deepened.
“This sense is tremendous…”
Then, the Desolate Demon Lord suddenly changed the topic.
“Have you heard of the legend of the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss?”
“All?” Huang Ti was stunned for a moment before the Desolate Demon Lord continued, “It’s said that the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss reaches straight to the core of the earth. Of course, from our perspective, this legend is undoubtedly absurd because we are currently at the deepest depths of the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss.”
“This means that the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss actually has a bottom. It doesn’t go straight to the core of the earth.”
“But do you know… that any legend within the Black Mist Zone is actually not baseless…”
A loud rumble echoed.
The ground began to collapse.
A faint eerie energy fluctuation emanated from the collapsed area, causing Huang Ti’s expression to gradually turn solemn.
The voice of the Desolate Demon Lord continued, “More than three years ago, Zero came to look for me. He told me that there was a huge secret in the depths of the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss.”
“I went down there using the method he provided. Oh, by the way, it’s deeper down where we are now… very, very deep down…”
The Desolate Demon Lord pointed to the gradually collapsing ground under his feet.
As the ground collapsed, a deep and bottomless darkness appeared before the Desolate Demon Lord and Huang Ti.
“Do you know what’s further down there?”
“What is it?” Huang Ti asked with a frown.
“A sea,” the Desolate Demon Lord replied with a smug smile. “1 call it the Dead Sea…”
“The Dead Sea?”
“Yes, and you’re really not very smart.”
“Huh?” Huang Ti was a little puzzled. How did the conversation turn into an insult?
The Desolate Demon Lord calmly explained, “Because truly smart people should have run away after I said that you were used as a pawn.”
“Even those who are a little smart should have bolted when I tell them the legend of the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss.”
“But you, you’ve been chatting with me for so long…”
As he spoke, the aura on Desolate Demon Lord’s body suddenly changed.
Huang Ti’s gaze froze.
This was because at this moment, the Desolate Demon Lord’s body suddenly emitted a strange aura.
This strange aura completely covered the Source Power fluctuations on the Desolate Demon Lord’s body, as if he had no Source Power cultivation.
Huang Ti suddenly thought of a term: exotic being.
At this moment, the Desolate Demon Lord seemed to have become an exotic being.
The Desolate Demon Lord’s voice sounded again.
“You’re still not leaving… You’re really… I don’t even know how to evaluate you.”
“Forget it.”
“Now, you won’t be able to leave even if you want to.”
At this moment, the Desolate Demon Lord seemed to have transformed into a riddler, leaving Huang Ti dizzy and confused.
“What are you talking about…”
After saying this, Huang Ti decided to kill the Desolate Demon Lord first and figure out the rest later.
The lightning in his hand flashed again, and the lethal technique named Roaring God began to brew once more.
However, an abrupt low roar interrupted Huang Ti’s movements!
The roar came from under his feet!
Huang Ti suddenly looked down and saw the water beneath its feet rippling, and a dense black smoke rose from the cracks in the earth beneath.
“It has begun…”
The Desolate Demon Lord muttered.
In the next second, it was as if the whimpering of a whale had exploded.
The black smoke instantly boiled like a living creature.
The black smoke continued to rise, covering Huang Ti’s body in an instant.
In that moment covered by the black smoke, Huang Ti felt like he lost all his senses, as if trapped in a dark confinement room.
“What’s going on?”
His heart skipped a beat.
Before Huang Ti could think further, he suddenly felt a tremor in his divinity.
A large amount of Divine Source poured out of the divinity uncontrollably, and flowed out of his body.
The moment the golden light representing Divine Source came into contact with the black mist, it was like clear water dyed by black ink.
The golden color turned black before being assimilated and devoured by the black mist…
Huang Ti just felt a chill throughout his body.
The strange loss of Divine Source made Huang Ti weaken—not just the divine essence of the outer and middle layers of the divinity that belonged to Huang Ti but also the divine essence of the inner layer of the divinity that belonged to the Supreme God, all assimilated and taken away by the Black Mist!
Similar to how Qing Jue, drained by Lu Ming, or Moon Fiend, when the inner layer of the divinity in the divine realm faced an attack, the divine being was like a high-level paralysis, crippling at least ninety-nine percent of his abilities!
Huang Ti was currently facing such a situation.
However, compared to Moon Fiend, as the guardian deity of the clan, Huang Ti did not completely lose the ability to resist. At the very least, he did not faint on the spot.
But precisely because of this, Huang Ti just felt a deeper despair.
His brain suddenly shook, as if it had been smashed by a heavy hammer.
Huang Ti instantly felt dizzy and disoriented.
Using his inner perception, he was horrified to see his divinity shaking frantically!
The Divine Source of the outer and middle layers of the divinity had been completely assimilated by the black mist and flowed out of his body – This speed was even faster than Lu Ming absorbing Divine Source during his advancement!
In theory, at this moment, Huang Ti’s divinity had already entered a dormant state. However, the divinity that should have entered a dormant state was spinning rapidly at a crazy speed.
With every revolution of the divinity, a large amount of liquid Divine Source flowed out, actively merging into the black mist.
In the blink of an eye, Huang Ti’s divinity had already shrunk by more than half…
Suddenly, a burst of seven-colored light radiated from the interior of the divinity.
Huang Ti clearly saw a colorful light spot fly out from the divinity. It shot out of Huang Ti’s body and fused into the black mist, heading somewhere unknown.
“Boom!”
Within his brain, it was like the collapse of heaven and earth…
This was because Huang Ti’s divinity had exploded.
It exploded completely, leaving nothing behind!
Crimson blood flowed out of his facial features, turning Huang Ti into a demonic figure at that moment!
“How is this possible? How is this possible?!”
Accompanied by Huang Ti’s unbelievable roar, the black mist surged again.
Thus, Huang Ti, who had degraded from the Divine Spirit Realm to a quasi-god, felt something being drawn out from his body and flowing out of its body.
Source power.
That was source power.
As well as all his golden and silver patterns!
In an instant, all the energy within his body disappeared.
Only a total of 3,765 blood patterns remained, still accompanying Huang Ti, supporting him to prevent instant death.
A profound sense of weakness and fear engulfed Huang Ti entirely.
He gasped for breath, raising his head in confusion.
To his surprise, the senses he had lost were mysteriously restored.
The pitch-black mist could no longer obstruct Huang Ti’s vision.
Therefore, he saw, in the depths of the rippling water beneath his feet, a massive figure swimming.
“What are you exactly!”
Huang Ti roared at the sky.
In response to Huang Ti’s outcry, there echoed the thunderous singing of that whale.
And the calm voice of the Desolate Demon Lord at the side.
“The Harvester..”


CHAPTER-353
Chapter 353: The Whale

“The Harvester.”
The Desolate Demon Lord had said.
But obviously, Huang Ti was not really asking.
He was just afraid and desperate.
Therefore, he used words to disperse the panic and helplessness in the depths of his heart.
He did not care if they were harvesters or not.
Now, the only thing he cared about was how to escape alive from this situation.
But he could not escape.
His divine core had shattered, and the source power of his gold and silver patterns was destroyed. Although Huang Ti was still powerful, relying on the power of the blood patterns… the monstrous creature in the depths below was even more terrifying!
‘Buzz!’
A black shadow instantly tore through the space and appeared in front of Huang Ti.
Huang Ti could only vaguely see numerous fist-sized eyeballs. The tremendous constriction enveloped him entirely!
There was a “whoosh” sound.
That black shadow, carrying Huang Ti, disappeared without a trace.
From the deep darkness beneath the feet of the Desolate Demon Lord, desperate roars and the sound of fists and feet clashing echoed.
“It’s useless… 3,765 blood patterns are not enough to let you escape from the whale harvester.”
After making such an evaluation, the Desolate Demon Lord stood still.
After a long time, the sounds below gradually calmed down.
The black shadow that had just taken Huang Ti away reappeared from below again.
This time, its movements were very slow. As a result, the Desolate Demon Lord saw the full appearance of this thing.
It was a tentacle resembling an octopus claw.
The tentacle was more than three meters thick, extending from below to the front of the Desolate Demon Lord, but its length was incalculable.
Its surface was densely packed with eyeballs and mouths full of sharp teeth, surrounded by dense black mist.
Without any intention of communicating with it, the Desolate Demon Lord just stood still.
Because he knew very well…
Harvesters could not communicate.
They were simply, pure killing machines.
Killing machines born to reap everything.
The tentacle extended to the side of the Desolate Demon Lord.
Countless eyeballs on the tentacle stared fixedly at the Desolate Demon Lord.
From those eyes, the Desolate Demon Lord could not see any intelligence. All he could see was the desire to kill and mechanical instincts.
Until the eyeballs turned away and stopped looking at the Desolate Demon Lord.
The tentacle began to straighten and extend upward.
The whale’s cry under his feet became more profound, as if some colossal creature was emerging from the Dead Sea.
“Wuwuwu—”
“Rumble!”
The earth shattered once again.
The boundary between the bottom of the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss and the Dead Sea had finally been completely opened.
A large amount of black mist billowed and surged up, but it could not block the senses of the Desolate Demon Lord.
Therefore, he saw it again.
An endlessly long monster that looked like a whale but had tentacles all over its body, had broken free from the restraints of the Dead Sea and fluttered out from below. It seemed to be slow but was actually fast as it flew towards the entrance of the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss.
It took a full three minutes for this colossal whale to get past the Desolate Demon Lord from start to finish.
And during these three minutes, the Desolate Demon Lord did not dare to take a breath.
It was not until the whale flew far away that more buzzing sounds came from below.
More monsters followed closely behind the whale, crawling out of the Dead Sea.
There were grotesque giants with four legs, a thousand arms and 10,000 eyeballs.
There were human-shaped figures, clad in black armor and wielding giant scythes.
There were spherical life forms covered with tumors.
There were giant rats with heads covering their entire bodies.
It was like a bizarre monster exhibition.
The only audience was the Desolate Demon Lord.
Those monsters completely ignored the Desolate Demon Lord, passing by him one after another.
After a long time, the Desolate Demon Lord sighed deeply.
“I was forced.”
“I have no choice.”
“I’m sorry.”
“This world…”
Muttering to himself, the Desolate Demon Lord’s body trembled suddenly, and the mutated aura on its body became even stronger.
He, like those monsters, walked into the tide of monsters and was carried by the wave towards the entrance of the Devil Abyss.
Dense black smoke gushed out from the entrance of the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss, even dyeing the sky pitch-black.
Shu Fang and the other three Divine Spirit Realm experts of the Eternal Clan did not know what was happening at the bottom of the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss. However, with their instincts as the Divine Spirit Realm experts, Shu Fang and the others faintly felt a sense of impending doom.
“It seems like something’s wrong…”
One of the Divine Spirit Realm experts muttered and looked at his colleagues.
“Everyone, at the moment, we…”
“Wait,” Shu Fang interrupted, then, another person spoke, “We’re in a wartime situation now. Leaving would be considered desertion without battle… Even if Lord Huang Ti has been defeated, there’s enough time to give us the order to retreat.”
And without an order, they could not leave.
Unless they did not want to stay in the Eternal Clan anymore…
Of course, the most important reason was that although they had a bad feeling, they still trusted Huang Ti’s power.
They simply did not believe that there was a certain existence in this world that could cause Huang Ti to die without even even transmitting a message.
Theoretically, there was nothing wrong with what they considered.
However, reality and theory were always the opposite…
When a violent whale cry resounded through the heavens and the earth, time, space, and everything seemed to have been frozen!
The huge pressure made the four gods completely unable to move. They could only watch as the gigantic whale soared into the sky from the bottom of the Ten Thousand Devil Abyss, swaying and flying in the opposite direction!
The good news was that the Whale Harvester completely ignored Shu Fang and the other three.
But the bad news was that without the Whale Harvester, there were various other harvesters of all shapes and sizes.
And the worst news was…
Before the harvester arrived, there was the black mist that gushed out from the depths of the Devil Abyss!
The boundless black mist spread in an instant.
The moment the black mist enveloped them, Shu Fang and the other three Divine Spirit Realm experts felt their consciousness stiffening, their bodies freezing, and all senses disappearing completely.
Only a large amount of Divine Source uncontrollably seeped out of every pore. In just one second, the divinities of the four of them fell into a silent state!
They did not have the ability of Huang Ti.
When the divinity fell into a silent state, it meant that the entire person had fallen into a silent state.
The four gods fell from the sky like swallows with broken wings.
Just as they were about to fall like a dog gnawing on shit, light rippled from the Boshi Tower, enveloping them and sweeping them into the tower.
At this moment, inside Boshi Tower.
Lu Ming interrupted the divinity reconstruction experiment and slowly stood up.
“What’s going on?”
As he muttered, he saved Shu Fang and the other three.
He scanned the attribute panel from the corner of his eye.
At this moment, he discovered that his attribute panel was emitting a strange red light.
Other than the red light, there were no other changes on the attribute panel.
However, Lu Ming vaguely understood the signal the system was conveying to him.
Danger!
Opportunity!
Danger! Opportunity!
“Does it mean danger and opportunity coexist? It is referring to this black mist, right… So, what exactly is this black mist and the colossal whale that flew away just now?”
The system naturally would not provide answers to these questions.
Lu Ming looked at the faint red light and suddenly had this thought.
“Things just got complicated..”


CHAPTER-354
Chapter 354: Change

Although he had not encountered any danger for the time being, Lu Ming had a sense of foreboding that he was in big trouble.
The dense black mist emitted an ominous smell, as if it had taken Lu Ming back to the past.
In the past, when the tall tower had just appeared in Nanxiang City and the era of the apocalypse had just begun.
“It’s a pity about my experiment.”
Lu Ming sighed and muttered,
“But it wasn’t a big problem.”
The experiment of reshaping the divinity had only reached less than 1% progress, and Lu Ming already had a premonition that he could fail at any time—the level of his array formation skill was still not high enough.
It would not be a big deal if it were interrupted.
Under the current situation, Lu Ming was indeed inadequate to the task of continuing with the experiment.
Looking into the distance, through the array formations inside the Boshi Tower, Lu Ming gazed at the outside world.
All was pitch black…
The dense black mist blocked all senses, completely blocking Lu Ming’s vision and perception.
He could not see anything.
The unknown brought unease and fear.
It also made Lu Ming’s uneasy premonition even stronger.
Suddenly, traces of golden light dissipated from the Boshi Tower, seemingly actively merging into the black mist.
This made Lu Ming slowly furrow his brows.
“The Divine Source is leaking, and at a quite rapid rate.”
Then, he rubbed his chin in thought.
“The characteristics of this black mist seem quite similar to the system’s…”
Of course, describing it as similar to the system was just Lu Ming’s feeling, and after muttering, he did not connect the two.
He raised his hand and a burst of source power erupted.
Controlling the array formations with the Source Power, Lu Ming immediately retracted all the Divine Source from inside the Boshi Tower.
He was not worried that problems would occur.
The Divine Spirit Realm experts outside the tower were probably like Shu Fang and the others, drained of divine source by the Black Mist, and their divinity fell into a dormant state.
Even if someone could maintain their mobility in the dormant state, they probably would not have the mood to find trouble with Boshi Tower.
The only danger inside the tower was from Moon Fiend.
After Lu Ming removed the Divine Source, the strength of the array formation that trapped Moon Fiend and Lin Feng would also decrease greatly.
If Moon Fiend regained consciousness and recovered her strength, she would discover that she could forcefully dismantle the array formation set up by Lu Ming.
However, firstly, Lu Ming would not give Moon Fiend the opportunity to regain consciousness.
Secondly, even if she woke up, there were four Divine Spirit Realm experts waiting for her…
In short, the trouble Lu Ming faced at this moment could only come from the strange black mist.
But in the next second,
Lu Ming’s expression changed again.
“There was an outflow of source power!?”
“This is troublesome.”
Within the black mist zone, almost all supernatural powers relied on source power.
At this moment, after Lu Ming removed the Divine Source, he immediately discovered that this black mist actually had the ability to absorb source power!
The consequences of this were far more serious than the black mist drawing away the Divine Source.
In the outside world, as the black mist spread over, all the places covered by the black mist completely turned into source power deserts.
And without source power in the outside world, Boshi Tower could not obtain source power replenishment.
The array formation patterns of the Boshi Tower also relied on source power to provide energy.
At this moment, under the pervasion of the black mist in the outside world, a large amount of source power was sucked away by the black mist. The array patterns flickered and gradually lost their radiance.
The array formation was gradually losing its effect.
Sensing all this, Lu Ming slowly narrowed his eyes.
“If that’s the case, then I can only deal with it like this.”
With a thought, a large amount of Source Power and Divine Source flowed out of Lu Ming’s body.
He actually ignored the characteristic of the black mist absorbing all the energy, forcefully resisted the attraction and crazily modified the array formation in the Boshi Tower!
Qinghe Province.
On the battlefield.
In a certain space, Jiu Han floated in the air, his beard and hair spread out. He was alone facing three enemies at the Divine Spirit Realm, and was not at a disadvantage at all.
This battle had been going on from a few days ago until now, causing Jiu Han to be completely unaware of what had happened in Xuanshui City.
Until a certain moment, Jiu Han’s heart trembled.
He vaguely sensed that the connection between him and Boshi Tower was rapidly weakening…
Someone had forcibly taken ownership of Boshi Tower.
—Not control, but ownership!
“Who is it?” Jiu Han muttered in his heart. At the side, a strange floating cloud-like object said softly, “It’s Lu Ming. I can feel that it was Lu Ming who took away the ownership of Boshi Tower.”
This was the tower spirit of Boshi Tower.
Upon hearing this, Jiu Han’s brows slowly relaxed, but a sense of worry arose spontaneously.
“Lu Ming took away the ownership of Boshi Tower… This means that there’s a problem in Xuanshui City.”
“Although I don’t know what’s the problem, I’m afraid I have to hurry back to take a look.”
“I just hope that my disciple is safe…”
As soon as he finished speaking, Jiu Han’s aura suddenly soared, suppressing the three enemy gods to retreat continuously.
“I’m sorry, Teacher. 1 had no choice but to come up with this plan.”
After taking away the ownership of Boshi Tower, Lu Ming immediately felt an even higher level of control over Boshi Tower.
With a thought, Lu Ming took the initiative to leave Boshi Tower.
Standing outside the Boshi Tower, his surroundings were pitch-black. If it were not for Lu Ming’s hand resting on the outer wall of the Boshi Tower, he would not even be able to see the huge Boshi Tower clearly…
“Small, small, small!!”
Source power surged crazily. Accompanied by Lu Ming’s voice, Boshi Tower quickly contracted.
The tall tower that towered over the sky shrank to the size of a palm in a short period of time.
Bending down to pick up the Boshi Tower from the ground, Lu Ming tucked it into his pocket.
“This is much more convenient.”
Boshi Tower originally had the ability to shrink or expand, but it could only shrink to ten meters at most. It was Lu Ming who modified the array to make Boshi Tower shrink to its current size.
And without the ownership of the Boshi Tower, he could not activate this shrinkage array. Therefore, Lu Ming needed to take away the ownership of the Boshi Tower.
After completing all of this, Lu Ming stood at the original site of Boshi Tower and looked around.
However, he still could not see anything.
He also sensed that the wandering Divine Source in his body was continuously dissipating, and the source power was also uncontrollably pouring out of his body. Even the three silver patterns on his body were faintly distorted, as if they were about to collapse.
“However, the divine source in the system cannot be drawn away by this black mist.”
“And although the source power is drawn away, the power of the blood qi is not affected at all… The black mist cannot shake the blood patterns either.”
In the blink of an eye, Lu Ming summarized these two pieces of information.
A trace of inspiration suddenly flashed through his mind.
“What if I do this?”
With a thought, the source power crazily retracted into the depths of his body. At the same time, the power of blood qi replaced the source power, circulating in Lu Ming’s body—this was the Force System.
As Lu Ming changed systems, he immediately felt his vision blur.
The black mist could no longer block Lu Ming’s senses.
Everything around him immediately became clear and unobstructed!
Therefore, Lu Ming saw a slippery tongue, slowly but clearly arching towards him like an earthworm..