CHAPTER-55
Chapter 55: Red Thunder Martial Arts School, Zhao Honglei

This abnormal scene not only caught Lu Ming’s attention, but also drew the attention of Wang Xiong and Zhang Lixin.
Wang Xiong and Zhang Lixin arrived at the wall of the gathering place and looked down at the man carrying a spear on his back, walking quickly over from afar. Soon, the man arrived at the entrance of Guangping Street gathering place.
When they got closer, they could see the man’s face.
He was about 40 years old and was wearing a white training suit, with the words ‘Red Thunder Martial Arts School’ embroidered in red thread on his chest.
He had a short beard and a crew cut, with well-defined features and a sturdy figure, giving off a sense of familiarity.
After the man stood still, he cupped his fists at Wang Xiong and Zhang Lixin and said, “My name is Zhao Honglei, the curator of the Red Thunder Martial Arts School. I came here this time to ask if you’ve seen my daughter and my niece in this area?”
Wang Xiong suddenly realized and said, “Zhao Xiaohong and Zhao Shanshan?”
Zhao Honglei was overjoyed. “They are my niece and my daughter!”
With that, the conversation began.
Wang Xiong thought for a moment and was in no hurry to open the door. Instead, he asked, “I noticed that you didn’t attract the attention of the zombies along the way. How was that possible?”
Zhao Honglei replied, “This is my superpower.”
It made sense.
After all, Zhao Honglei did not look like a zombie.
After dispelling his worries, Zhang Lixin went down the wall and opened the small door for Zhao Honglei. Inside the door, Wang Xiong cupped his fists and said, “I’ll call Zhao Xiaohong and Zhao Shanshan now. Master Zhao, please wait a moment.”
He signaled Zhang Lixin with his eyes. Seeing this, Zhang Lixin led Zhao Honglei into the gathering place.
“Master Zhao, it wasn’t easy for you to find your way here, right?”
As they walked into the gathering place, Zhang Lixin chatted with Zhao Honglei.
As for Zhao Honglei, he suppressed the joy of being reunited with his daughter and replied politely, “It’s not difficult for me. Although my superpower doesn’t increase my combat power, it keeps me safe when I go out.”
Zhao Honglei briefly explained the effects of his superpower to Zhang Lixin.
Simply put, this superpower known as ‘Stealth’ could shield the zombies’ perception of the owner of the superpower.
The zombies would see Zhao Honglei as one of their own. Zhao Honglei would not trigger the zombies in daily life and during his advancement.
Although it did not enhance his combat strength, this superpower solved the major issue of venturing outside.
Zhang Lixin felt a little envious. But when he thought about how his superpower could support Lu Ming and how he had at least a third of the credit for killing the zombies that threatened Lu Ming’s life, his envy subsided.
The two of them chatted about other things.
On the other hand, Zhao Honglei’s interest seemed to grow more and more.
He abruptly said, “The development over here is really good.”
This was not flattery but a statement of fact.
Along the way, Zhao Honglci could see tall and sturdy walls, reasonably arranged defensive lines, and plots of cultivated vegetable fields. He also saw that there was absence of pessimism and despair on the faces of the survivors passing by.
Hearing Zhao Honglei’s words, Zhang Lixin felt a sense of pride—because he was responsible for the architectural layout and planning.
But outwardly, Zhang Lixin remained modest and said, “I can only say that it’s good enough.”
“No, it’s very good.”
With a serious expression, Zhao Honglei once again affirmed Zhang Lixin’s achievements, leaving Zhang Lixin unsure of how to respond.
At that moment, the two of them had already arrived at the central area of the gathering place.
Wang Xiong approached with Zhao Xiaohong and Zhao Shanshan.
Seeing each other, the three Zhao family members were momentarily stunned before their eyes turned red.
“Dad!”
Like a swallow returning to its nest, Zhao Shanshan cried and threw herself into Zhao Honglei’s embrace.
The grievances she had experienced during this period merged into tears, flowing incessantly…. Zhao Honglei choked and stroked Zhao Shanshan’s hair, saying softly, “It’s alright, it’s alright…”
The happy reunion between father and daughters lasted for about three minutes.
Once the emotions had settled, Zhao Xiaohong approached Zhao Honglci and whispered, “Master, I’m sorry….”
Zhao Honglei simply shook his head. “Let’s not talk about this anymore.”
Seeing this, Wang Xiong stepped forward, smiling to ease the atmosphere.
“Master Zhao, you may not know, but during the time they were here, Zhao Xiaohong and Zhao Shanshan kept talking about wanting to return to Red Thunder Martial Arts School. But there were too many zombies outside, and we were powerless to help. Now that Master Zhao is here, I’ll leave them in your care.”
The Guangping Street gathering place was a democratic community.
No one was restricted from leaving.
It was reasonable for Zhao Xiaohong and Zhao Shanshan to want to return home and reunite with their family. Now that Zhao Honglei had come to pick them up, it was best to let him take them away.
Hearing these words, Zhao Xiaohong and Zhao Shanshan felt relieved, as they could finally be reunited with their family.
Unexpectedly, Zhao Honglei’s expression became troubled.
He looked at his daughter and disciple, then glanced at the busy but content crowd around him and the secure Guangping Street gathering place.
After a moment of silence, Zhao Honglei cupped his fists and said, “Young brother.”
“My name is Wang Xiong.”
“Brother Wang Xiong, I actually have a presumptuous request.”
Wang Xiong was taken aback and replied, “Please go ahead and tell me.”
“Well, you see, I want my daughter and disciple to stay here…”
As soon as he finished speaking, Zhao Xiaohong and Zhao Shanshan looked at Zhao Honglei in disbelief. Before they could say anything, Zhao Honglei continued, “Not only that, I also want to relocate the Red Thunder Martial Arts School here. I hope Brother Wang can accommodate us.”
Towards the end of his words, Zhao Honglei began to feel a bit embarrassed.
But soon, he spoke again, “We currently have 23 people in our martial arts school, including 13 adult men who are skilled martial artists. I myself am a second-level Awakened, and my eldest son is also a first-level Awakened.”
By saying these things, Zhao Honglei wanted Wang Xiong to understand their value in being accommodated.
However, Wang Xiong hesitated for a moment and then said, “But according to what Zhao Xiaohong told me, it seems like things are going pretty well over there.”
There was an abundance of food, skilled fighters, and a strong defense line.
In short, during their previous conversations, Zhao Xiaohong had described Red Thunder Martial Arts School as an extraordinary place in the post-apocalyptic world, a paradise…
So why was their headmaster now seeking shelter here?
Something was wrong.
Upon hearing Wang Xiong’s words, Zhao Honglei let out a long sigh and had to speak the truth.
“We can’t survive well over there anymore.”
Good Hope Village had become an isolated island.
And on this isolated island, information flow was relatively restricted.
Lu Ming did not go out, and Wang Xiong and the others were also busy developing the gathering place. They were barely able to keep up with their own affairs, so they naturally rarely took the initiative to inquire about the situation outside.
To put it bluntly, they knew very little about the outside world.
In the living room of Wang Xiong’s house, as they all sat down, Zhao Honglei began to explain in detail, allowing Wang Xiong and the others to have a general understanding of the situation outside…


CHAPTER-56
Chapter 56: Attack of the Level 3 Zombie Tide!

“Actually, what Xiaohong said before was not wrong.
“In the first 10 days of the apocalypse, the Red Thunder Martial Arts School was indeed quite safe.”
At the beginning of the apocalypse, Zhao Honglei and his eldest son, Zhao Yongchun, became Awakened individuals.
With the strength of these two Awakened, along with the survivors of the Red Thunder Martial Arts School, they would definitely lead a good life.
However, 10 days later, the situation took a sharp turn for the worse.
Giant zombies began to appear in large numbers.
A giant zombie accompanied by a horde of zombies could destroy a Level 1 Awakened—even if the Zhao family father and son had trained in martial arts all year round, they would not be able to deal with such a situation.
It was during this stage that Zhao Xiaohong and Zhao Shanshan were abducted by Cheng Shen.
As the hunters began to appear, the doomsday for the Red Thunder Martial Arts School drew nearer.
“A Level 2 zombie is no longer something a Level 1 Awakened can fight against. Even if I have some martial arts skills, I can’t.”
“It was only then that I discovered the secret of the zombie crystals. Since I thought death was inevitable, I decided to give it a try. I swallowed the zombie crystal and advanced to a Level 2 Awakened.”
Fortunately, Zhao Honglei had awakened his concealment superpower, which prevented the zombie wave from being attracted to him during his advancement.
Unfortunately, the concealment superpower could only protect Zhao Honglei alone and not the others in the Red Thunder Martial Arts School.
“In fact, three days ago, I started going out continuously. It was not only to search for my daughter and disciple but also to find a way for everyone in Red Thunder Martial Art School to survive.”
Unfortunately, it was not just Red Thunder Martial Art School that faced this situation; most other survivors were even worse off than them.
In the past three days, Zhao Honglei had only seen about a dozen survivors. Most of them were hiding in their houses. Every second counted, and they were trying to survive by any means.
Other than this place, they had not seen any other organized gathering places… but they had seen many ruins of the ones that had been overrun.
What was more critical was that there were too many zombies outside.
With a population of tens of millions in Nanxiang City, it was possible to estimate how many zombies would emerge.
“Moreover, the evolution speed of zombies is faster…”
Speaking of this, Zhao Honglei’s face showed a trace of fear.
“I’ve never seen a Level 3 Awakened outside, but I did see a Level 3 zombie.”
Zhao Honglei couldn’t help but shiver as he recalled the figure he had glimpsed from a distance.
“I would call it the Tyrant.”
“It’s all right now.”
Li Zitong came to Lu Ming’s house and told him about Zhao Honglei’s situation. Lu Ming then spoke to Zhang Chengcheng.
“Let’s focus on advancing first.”
By advancing now, they could deal with the zombie tide today and enjoy the auxiliary training effects of the Level 3 Gravity Superpower tomorrow. Lu Ming was quite looking forward to it.
As for the zombie wave triggered by his advancement, although he was afraid, he could not avoid something essential because of a risk, right?
As a devoted fan of Lu Ming, Zhang Chengcheng listened to everything Lu Ming said.
As soon as Lu Ming finished speaking, Zhang Chengcheng immediately began to swallow the Level 2 zombie crystals, while Meng Jie observed and recorded everything in her notebook.
One crystal after another.
First, her body heated up.
Then, the power of her ability erupted.
Even though Zhang Chengcheng did not activate her superpower, Lu Ming, who was standing nearby still felt a heaviness in his body, as if he was carrying a bag of rice on his back.
Soon, the advancement process was completed without any danger.
Zhang Chengcheng slowly opened her eyes, moving her body and turning her head to speak to Lu Ming and Dong Jie.
“My physical strength has increased again! Doubled!”
The three-dimensions of a Level 2 Awakened were about 20 points.
Level 3 meant 40 points.
Thinking of his three-dimensional sports performance of 40 points, Lu Ming could not help but exclaim, “That’s very strong.”
But that was not the main point.
The main point was how much the effect of the superpower had increased.
As if she had guessed what Lu Ming wanted to ask, Zhang Chengcheng extended her hand towards him, and distorted waves emanated from her hand, landing on Lu Ming.
In the next instant, Lu Ming felt his body becoming increasingly heavy!
Twenty times gravity.
Thirty times gravity.
Fifty times gravity!
Until 70 times gravity!
As he moved his body, he could sense that his cells were activated and in a state of readiness for movement. This satisfied Lu Ming, and he nodded approvingly.
“This level is good enough.”
Under 70 times gravity, Lu Ming’s training would yield excellent results.
On the other hand, it was relatively easy for Zhang Chengcheng to maintain 70 times the gravity. Although she still could not avoid consuming Corpse Crystals, it should be much better than before.
“Let’s stop for now, preserve our energy, and prepare for the zombie wave later.”
After Lu Ming said that, Zhang Chengcheng immediately ended her superpower.
Looking at Lu Ming, Zhang Chengcheng saw him smiling and nodding at her. “Very good, very good.”
So, Zhang Chengcheng smiled back.
If Brother Lu felt that it was good, then it was really good.
There was nothing more important than this.
Speaking of a Level 3 Tyrant, Zhao Honglei’s expression turned solemn.
“That thing looks like it’s not to be trifled with. I took a quick glance from afar and quickly left.”
Fortunately, with his superpower, Zhao Honglei did not attract its attention, but it still left him trembling for a long time.
After briefly calming down, Zhao Honglei said, “In short, the situation of the survivors outside is very difficult, while the zombies are getting stronger and stronger. Although I’m reluctant to part with the Red Thunder Martial Arts School, for the safety of the others in there, I have no choice but to find another way, and seek out other strong gathering spots for safety in numbers.”
Awakened individuals or even living people would attract zombies.
Without enough manpower and a well-developed defensive line, this would not do.
Zhao Honglei has concealment ability, so he was not afraid, but his son, Zhao Yongchun was afraid, and the others in the Red Thunder Martial Arts School were even more afraid.
As for the gathering place on Guangping Street, it was a good choice.
At least, Zhao Honglei felt that it was very good.
The defense was rigorous, and there were a good number of Awakened individuals. The place was a decent size, and they even cultivated the land.
The only problem was whether they would accept their group.
If they did, then everything would be fine.
If they didn’t accept it… Zhao Honglei would have to find another way out. But he probably would not be able to find a better alternative in the short term.
He looked at Wang Xiong with hopeful eyes and saw Wang Xiong pondering. Just as he was about to speak, they suddenly heard the deep sound of an alarm bell from outside.
Wang Xiong’s expression changed.
“The zombies are here.”
After saying that, he gave an apologetic smile to Zhao Honglei and said, “Today, an Awakened person in our gathering spot is about to advance and attract a zombie wave. Master Zhao, don’t be afraid. Brother Xin will accompany you. I’ll be right back.”
Then, he quickly left.
Zhao Honglei was a little disappointed that he did not get an answer, but the disappointment quickly faded away.
After all, advancement and dealing with the zombie wave were both major events.
Thinking of this, Zhao Honglei turned to look at Zhang Lixin beside him.
“I still have some strength left in me. If you need my help, just say it!”
Earlier, Zhao Honglei had revealed that he was a Level 2 Awakened. This level of combat strength was already quite impressive.
At this stage, regardless of which gathering spot they were in, Level 2 Awakened were all big brothers.
Zhao Honglei wanted to do a favor for the Guangping Street gathering place.
Zhang Lixin also realized this.
After thinking for a moment, Zhang Lixin nodded.
“Alright, thank you, Master Zhao..”


CHAPTER-57
Chapter 57: Tyrant and the Military!

Just at the moment when Zhang Chengchcng was promoted to Level 3, there seemed to be an invisible and intangible magnetic field that originated from within her that rapidly spread in all directions with her as the center.
Ordinary people, and even conventional awakeners, couldn’t perceive this magnetic field no matter what.
But zombies could.
And certain special individuals could as well.
Pingnan Street, Nanxiang City.
Before the apocalypse, this was one of the busiest commercial streets in Nanxiang City.
The apocalypse struck around six o’clock in the evening, precisely when the commercial street had the highest foot traffic.
The consequences of the disaster in this place at that time could be imagined.
Now, it has been 44 days since the apocalypse arrived.
There are no survivors left on Pingnan Street.
The zombies had become the rulers here.
And at the moment when Zhang Chengcheng successfully advanced, a loud angry roar echoed from a certain shopping mall.
Accompanied by increasingly heavy gasps and the sound of even heavier footsteps.
Until there was a loud “bang”.
The glass door of the mall was violently smashed open, and a terrifying and ferocious reanimated corpse walked out from within.
It was over three meters tall, with developed and twisted muscles all over its body.
The muscles were like armor, with a sickening pinkish flesh color.
This creature had no skin, and its pair of copper bell-like eyes were blood red. Its expanded forehead was exposed, while the upper part of its head was covered in white bone armor.
A Level 3 zombie, a tyrant!
The tyrant sensed the presence of a Level 3 Awakened and activated its hunting instinct.
Accompanied by even more furious roars, a large number of zombies emerged from the high-rise buildings on Pingnan Street.
There were ordinary zombies, Level 1 giant zombies, and even dozens of Level 2 hunters!
The tyrant was the king of a horde of zombies.
It commanded a large army, brought nightmares to the living, and was an absolute nightmare for the Awakened ones no matter what!
And it wasn’t alone.
From another direction.
The same angry roar echoed.
Another smaller horde of zombies advanced towards Good Hope Village.
At the outskirts of Nanxiang City.
The third Tyrant also sensed Zhang Chengcheng’s advancement.
But strangely, this tyrant remained completely unaffected and even voluntarily restrained its subordinates as it advanced towards a location farther from the center of Nanxiang City and closer to the black mist.
Because its name was Simba.
The former hunter Simba, now the tyrant Simba.
Nanxiang City, city center.
In an underground building.
Accompanied by the sound of “ding ding ding,” a piercing alarm sounded within the underground base.
A middle-aged man named Huo Sheng, upon hearing the alarm, quickly made his way to its source.
It was a crude but enormous instrument.
At this moment, the lights on the instrument lit up, and the operator beside it stared at the connected display screen, speaking at the same time.
“Dr. Huo, we have detected a Level 3 Awakened individual in the vicinity.”
Huo Sheng nodded upon hearing the report.
He remained silent and waited for a moment until familiar heavy footsteps came from behind.
“Doctor, you called for me.”
A deep voice sounded, causing Huo Sheng to turn and look at the speaker.
The person was dressed in military uniform, but the largest size of the uniform seemed a bit small.
This person was around two meters tall, and the military uniform outlined his figure, resembling a smaller version of a tyrant – the kind of physique that would make everyone in the gym call him ‘big brother.’
Standing next to the man in military uniform, Huo Sheng appeared somewhat miniature.
But his presence was not weaker than that of the man in military uniform.
Huo Sheng looked into the eyes of the man in military uniform and spoke calmly.
“A Level 3 Awakened individual has appeared in Good Hope Village. Colonel Bai, I want you to go out and help that Awakened survive the zombie wave.”
The military man, Bai Tianyu, nodded heavily. “No problem.”
After saying that, he turned to leave, but then he heard Huo Sheng say again, “Tianyu, the number of survivors is decreasing, and the number of Awakened ones is also decreasing. Each high-level awakener is an indispensable force for us.”
Bai Tianyu responded, “I understand.”
“But you’re the hope of all survivors. Saving lives is important, but you’re more important.”
Huo Sheng’s words made Bai Tianyu turn around.
Looking at Huo Sheng’s bald head and his eyes reddened from fatigue, Bai Tianyu suddenly grinned widely, “That’s nonsense!
“Dr. Huo, you must not underestimate yourself. Because I, Bai Tianyu, firmly believe that power is not the solution to everything. Human wisdom is the only antidote to the apocalypse!
“You are a hundred times, a thousand times more important than me!”
Huo Sheng remained silent for a long time and then smiled bitterly, shaking his head. Seeing this, Bai Tianyu didn’t say anything else, he just saluted Huo Sheng and said, “I’ll go, Dr. Huo. Please take care and get some rest.”
The massive horde of zombies surged towards Haowang Village.
Along the way, the Tyrant recruited even more underlings.
As a result, the horde of corpses grew on an even larger scale.
Thousands, tens of thousands, and then an immeasurable number!
So far, neither the Guangping Street gathering place nor Zhao Honglei had encountered a Level 3 Awakened, so they had no idea that the advancement of a Level 3 Awakened could trigger such a large-scale horde of corpses.
Standing on the wall and gazing into the distance, Zhao Honglei was at a loss…
Looking at the dust raised by the horde of corpses on the horizon, Zhao Honglei’s lips trembled. After a long silence, he murmured.
“Do you call this the advancement zombie horde?!”
Zhang Lixin, puzzled, asked in response, “What else would you call it?”
Zhao Honglei was stunned for a long time before asking, “What level of Awakening did he advance to?”
Wang Xiong didn’t mention this topic before, and Zhao Honglei didn’t ask either. But in Zhao Honglei’s speculation, the promoted individual could only advance from Level 1 to Level 2.
Zhang Lixin said, “From Level 2 to Level 3…”
Zhao Honglei felt like leaving. He turned around and ran far away.
But when he thought about the miserable condition of the survivors outside and the fact that his daughter and disciple were still here, Zhao Honglei fell silent for a long time before exhaling heavily.
He didn’t say anything, he just drew out his long spear and held it with both hands, assuming a defensive stance with his feet apart.
Desperate situations aroused the heroism of martial arts practitioners.
Zhao Honglei loudly declared, “Today, I, Zhao, will live or die together with you all!”
After experiencing so much, Zhao Honglei had seen through it all.
We would all die sooner or later, so we might as well die with some dignity.
Zhang Lixin said awkwardly, “We won’t necessarily die…
“In any case, the scale of this horde is indeed not small. Here’s what we’ll do: you come with me first.”
After saying that, Zhang Lixin led Zhao Honglei away from the city wall.
In fact, Lu Ming didn’t anticipate that Zhang Chengcheng’s promotion would cause such a massive horde of zombies.
He stood on the observation deck and looked into the distance.
Standing on the observation deck and looking into the distance, one could see two hordes of zombies approaching Good Hope Village from the front and the rear.
Wang Xiong, standing beside Lu Ming, couldn’t help but gasp and turned to look at Lu Ming, only to find that Lu Ming had a serious expression.
“Brother, do you have confidence?” Wang Xiong asked.
Lu Ming wanted to say no.
After all, there were so many zombies, which was overwhelming even for him.
But considering that there were enough zombies to demolish his home, Lu Ming felt that he had to fight and give it a try.
After all, what’s the difference between demolishing my home and trying to kill me? Zombies won’t even pay compensation for the demolition…
After taking a deep breath, Lu Ming spoke, “Bring me all of my ammunition bags, all of them!”


CHAPTER-58
Chapter 58: A New Defense Front

The first thing that could be determined was that the wall could not stop the horde of zombies.
Even if it was raised to 10 meters and thickened to three meters, it still could not stop the horde of zombies. At most, it could only serve as an insignificant obstruction.
Therefore, the defense system of the Guangping Street gathering place was not built by relying on the wall at all.
However, Zhao Honglei was unaware of this.
Following Zhang Lixin, Zhao Honglei was worried.
He naturally knew that the city wall was useless, and he was well aware of the fierce momentum of this wave of zombies. It was also because of this that he could not figure out how the Guangping Street gathering place should deal with this disaster.
“It’s basically over.”
The two of them walked quickly, and before long, they arrived at the center of the gathering place, which was near Lu Ming’s house.
At this moment, all the survivors in the gathering place had already gathered here.
But that was not the most striking thing.
What caught Zhao Honglei’s attention the most was the tall tower near Lu Ming’s house.
The tower was made of metal and was about 40 meters tall, but only about three meters in diameter.
The overall shape resembled a chopstick.
Previously, when he came to the gathering place, Zhao Honglei had seen this strange structure from afar. At first, he thought that it was just an observation tower. It was not surprising for the gathering place to have an observation tower, and it was not unusual for it to be tall.
However, he did not know why everyone was called to this place in the gathering place and what the purpose was.
While he was pondering, a figure leaped down from the observation tower and landed on the ground in a heroic manner.
It was Wang Xiong.
Wang Xiong spoke loudly, “Highest level of alert! Everyone, line up and head to the underground shelter.”
After saying this, everyone heard a creaking sound.
They saw an iron door opening at the base of the observation tower behind Wang Xiong.
Zhao Honglei’s eyes lit up.
“Brilliant.”
Building an underground shelter would definitely be safer than an above-ground shelter.
However, the project was extensive, and the construction difficulty was even greater. Most gathering points couldn’t afford such a venture.
Hearing Zhao Honglei’s admiration, Zhang Lixin smiled shyly.
In the Guangping Street gathering place, they actually did not have enough manpower to construct an underground shelter.
However, with Zhang Lixin’s material-shaping superpower, coupled with Li Zitong’s earth manipulation superpower, they could turn the impossible into a possibility.
—The two of them were amazing at building infrastructure.
After some thought, Zhang Lixin continued, “The underground shelter also serves as a storage depot for supplies. The people in our gathering place can hide inside and have food and drinks, and it’s also safer. The only downside is that the space is a bit cramped.”
Zhao Honglei could not help but sigh. “Just being alive is already good enough. We can’t do much about the harsh conditions.”
Zhang Lixin added, “Fortunately, we don’t have to stay inside for too long. It’s just a few hours. We can endure it and wait it out.”
Zhao Honglei was suddenly taken aback.
‘What did it mean to only wait for a few hours?’
But Zhang Lixin did not explain further.
He and Zhao Honglei watched as the ordinary survivors in the gathering place entered the entrance of the underground shelter in an orderly manner. When Meng Jie was the last to enter, Wang Xiong stepped forward, forcefully closed the iron door and locked it.
Turning to look at all the Awakened ones in the gathering place, Wang Xiong solemnly said, “Let’s begin as well.”
Zhao Honglei really could not understand the current situation.
Logically speaking, a massive zombie tide was beyond human capabilities to resist. That was why Zhao Honglei thought that it was reasonable for everyone to hide in the underground shelter like cowards.
In this world, there was no shame in being a coward.
But now, ordinary people were hiding underground while Awakened ones were staying outside… What did it mean?
As Zhao Honglei stood there in a daze, he saw Zhang Lixin and another young male Awakened (Li Zitong) approaching the base of the high tower.
With the activation of their superpower, the ground beneath the observation tower slowly rose, reaching a height of about 10 meters, forming a circular earthen platform.
Not only did this seal the entrance to the underground shelter, but it also reinforced the foundation of the observation tower, making it more stable.
“Everyone, come up here.”
Wang Xiong leaped onto the platform. Another female Awakened floated up and landed on the platform.
Seeing this, Zhao Honglei also climbed onto the platform, but he still did not understand what was going on.
Wang Xiong spoke again.
“Do you all understand your respective tasks?”
“Yes.”
“Understood.”
Zhao Honglei:”…”
He turned to look at Zhang Lixin beside him and heard Zhang Lixin whisper, “Just kill all the zombies near here, and that’s it. That’s the job you should do, Master Zhao.”
Zhao Honglei nodded blankly.
He understood what he should do.
However, there were still too many question marks.
The horde of zombies was getting closer and closer.
Looking down from the sky, at this moment, Good Hope Village was like the center of a storm, with a large number of active zombies converging toward it.
In the city center, another convoy was gradually approaching the eye of the storm, Good Hope Village.
The convoy of eight military vehicles gradually accelerated as soon as they left the official underground shelter.
The surrounding active zombies had already been cleared out, so the convoy did not attract many zombies along the way.
Only when they approached the edge of the uncleared area did a voice come from the first vehicle.
“Stop!”
“Everyone, stop and wait for my signal.”
With that, the door opened and Bai Tianyu stepped out of the military vehicle.
After a quick orientation, Bai Tianyu pushed off the ground with both feet, launching himself into the air like a rocket.
He adjusted his direction in the air.
He maneuvered like an ape and a goose, relying on the tall buildings to disappear from the sight of other soldiers in an instant.
Witnessing this scene, a series of exclamations sounded from the convoy.
“Colonel Bai is really extraordinary.”
“Although Colonel Bai is only a Level 3 Awakened, his superpower is so strong. His true combat strength is probably not inferior to a Level 4 Awakened.”
“That’s a bit of an exaggeration. With each advancement, an Awakened individual’s physical abilities double, and a one-fold difference is not easily compensated. But he’s definitely strong. I doubt there’s an Awakened individual stronger than Colonel Bai.”
“Oh, by the way, wasn’t it said that Colonel Bai killed a tyrant the day before yesterday? Is that true or just a rumor?”
“Of course it’s true. How can this be fake? I was at the scene. You might not know, but Colonel Bai was truly brutal in battle. The Tyrant didn’t even last three minutes in Colonel Bai’s hands…”
Bai Tianyu, who was far away, had no idea about these discussions.
He was just leaping between the high-rise buildings, and before long, he approached Good Hope Village.
Looking down from a higher vantage point, he could see two waves of zombies converging from two directions, sandwiching Good Hope Village.
His eyesight was sharp, and he could even clearly see the two Tyrants within the zombie waves.
“Two of them…”
Bai Tianyu’s expression became a little solemn, but it was not to the extent of being overwhelmed.
Although the two Tyrants were troublesome, they weren’t a big problem for him.
“It’s just that there are too many low-level zombies. I can save the Awakened individuals, but I’m afraid the ordinary survivors…”
Awakened individuals were not afraid of the bites of zombies. That was the biggest difference and transformation between Awakened ones and ordinary people.
Thinking of this, Bai Tianyu couldn’t help but sigh.
After the sigh, his eyes became serious and focused once again.
“Well, I’ll do my best and leave the rest to fate! Let’s deal with those two Tyrants first before anything else!”


CHAPTER-59
Chapter 59: Lu Ming Transformed into a Cannon, One Shot, One Little Tyrant!

Good Hope Village, Guangping Street gathering place, on the highest floor of the observation tower.
From a commanding position, Lu Ming gazed at the approaching horde of zombies, his expression grave.
He watched as the horde drew nearer and could not help but exclaim, “There are so many.”
There seemed to be at least tens of thousands, extending endlessly.
Among them, there were giant zombies and hunters, vaguely visible in significant numbers.
They came thundering forward, carrying an aura of destruction. If it were ordinary survivors or even Awakened ones witnessing this scene, despair would undoubtedly fill their hearts—just like Zhao Honglei.
However, Lu Ming did not feel any despair.
He just felt that the zombie wave was too troublesome.
Anxiously, he glanced back at his house, feeling even more uneasy.
“The house is probably going to suffer…”
The giant zombies possessed boundless strength, while the hunters were swift as the wind.
Just these two types of zombies alone were capable of wrecking a home, reinforced concrete was likely unable to withstand their trampling.
Not to mention the ‘super giant zombies’ at the center of the zombie wave which looked particularly difficult to deal with.
Even a large iron gate would probably not hold up against a few punches from those things.
Ever since he saw the giant zombies, Lu Ming had this worry.
The house would probably no longer be able to shelter him from the wind and rain.
Now that the zombies were evolving stronger and stronger, his concerns had become a reality.
“Ah.
“So, attributes, attributes, it’s all about attributes.
“This is the guarantee for my survival in the apocalypse.”
To farm attributes, he had to rely on Zhang Chengcheng’s strength.
The stronger Lu Ming’s attributes became, the higher Zhang Chengcheng’s level would need to be in order to keep up with Lu Ming’s progress.
The stronger Zhang Chengcheng became, the stronger zombies would be attracted.
His dilapidated house would be even more difficult to protect.
It was indeed a closed loop.
Letting out another heavy sigh, Lu Ming crouched down and picked up the largest ammunition bag.
Lu Ming’s ammunition storage had always been the top priority in the gathering place.
Zhang Lixin had made a lot of ammunition for Lu Ming. At this moment, the zombie wave was attacking, so Lu Ming brought them all over.
There were crossbow bolts, arrows, slingshots projectiles, and most importantly, iron discus for throwing.
Carrying a huge ammunition bag that stood as tall as a person, Lu Ming reached in and took out a 20-kilogram iron discus, resembling a weight plate.
He shook the discus… It felt a little lighter, but it would do.
His gaze turned towards the distant zombie wave and locked his enhanced vision onto the tyrant who was giving orders in the midst of the horde. Capture the leader first, kill the vanguard instantly—that was the logic Lu Ming understood.
Twisting his waist, exerting force, pulling his shoulder, shaking his wrist.
Throwing Lv4 (26/400) – Lv4 (35/400)!
“Boom!
A few seconds ago, Zhao Honglei stood beside Zhang Lixin, his expression filled with despair as he gazed at the approaching zombie tide and felt death looming!
He saw the Tyrant.
The kind of tyrant he did not even have the courage to look in the eye!
He opened his mouth to say something, but it all turned into a sigh in the end.
He turned to look at the people around him and realized that they were calm and composed.
Just as he was about to ask, an ear-piercing sonic boom suddenly sounded.
Zhao Honglei felt the entire platform tremble.
A few seconds ago, Bai Tianyu leaped from a tall building and charged towards the zombie wave in front of Good Hope Village.
As Bai Tianyu began to run wildly, the concrete road cracked simultaneously.
Rolling dust was kicked up, and his impact was like a stampede of ten thousand horses, his aura shocking.
Fixing his gaze at the Tyrant within the zombie wave, Bai Tianyu ignored everything else.
Approach, crush, and kill!
Killing the tyrant was as simple as that.
But unexpectedly, he sensed a danger behind him.
A strong sense of crisis stimulated his brain, causing Bai Tianyu to abruptly stop his forward charge.
From the corner of his eye, he saw a dark streak flash across the sky and accurately land on the Tyrant’s chest.
What followed was an ear-piercing sonic boom.
A few seconds ago.
The Tyrant’s attention was drawn to Bai Tianyu.
In the distant gathering place, there was a Level 3 Awakened person.
And now, another Level 3 Awakened person had emerged from nearby.
A hint of obvious joy appeared on his face.
The Tyrant let out a roar, as if he was celebrating the food coming to him.
The excitement in his heart turned into hunger. The Tyrant roared angrily and called for his lackeys to capture the food that had willingly presented itself.
Of course, with the Tyrant’s intelligence, he knew that the tall man must have something to rely on since he dared to come forward. The Tyrant himself was also prepared to fight.
The man abruptly stopped in his tracks.
Then, a dark streak of light appeared in the sky above his head, descending with incredible speed!
When the light appeared in the Tyrant’s retina, it was too late to dodge…
The Tyrant could only defensively cross his arms while glaring at Bai Tianyu as if to say, “You don’t care about martial ethics! A sneak attack!”
He thought that if he could withstand this strike, he would surely slice Bai Tianyu and devour him.
However, the next second, the tyrant knew nothing…
Boom!
Bai Tianyu, who was the closest, witnessed everything that happened next.
The large black iron slab flew over from afar and accurately smashed into the Tyrant’s chest.
The Tyrant’s reaction was indeed swift.
Just a second before the collision, the tyrant raised his arms in defense at the point of impact.
However, the force carried by the iron slab was too great…
It was so great that even Bai Tianyu could not describe it!
Everything seemed to slow down.
Bai Tianyu could clearly see the iron slab smashing into Tyrant’s arms.
The two arms, which were thicker than his thighs, shattered like porcelain and instantly turned into minced flesh.
Without losing momentum, the iron slab embedded itself into the robust chest of the Tyrant…
Yes, embedded.
The Tyrant was the wall, and the iron slab was the nail. Then, a ‘Hercules’ took a giant iron hammer and struck it forcefully.
There was a “Snap” sound.
The tremendous force erupted within the Tyrant’s body, starting from the upper body. His body instantly exploded, spraying red and white matter over ten meters away. His head shot up into the sky, flying at least twenty meters high.
Then, the iron slab flew out of the Tyrant’s remains and landed on the ground with a “boom”.
Like a skipping stone.
The large iron slab bounced and bounced on the ground. Even though it had changed shape, it continued bouncing towards the distance, creating a bloodied path through the horde of zombies.
The bloodied path stretched as far as the eye could see…
Bai Tianyu cleared his throat.
He was just about to react when he heard another “boom” sound coming from the other side of Good Hope Village.
Bai Tianyu was dumbfounded.
Zhao Honglei was also dumbfounded.
His field of vision was slightly better than Bai Tianyu, so he saw more or less what Bai Tianyu saw.
He witnessed with his own eyes the Tyrant, whom he absolutely could not contend with, being shattered on the spot.
Then, he heard repeated loud bangs coming from behind him.
The zombies on both sides began to fall into chaos.
However, following their instincts, the zombies continued to charge towards Good Hope Village.
At this moment, Zhao Honglei wanted to express some thoughts.
But he felt Zhang Lixin tugging at him.
“Don’t just stand there. The real battle is just beginning!”
He looked at Zhang Lixin dumbfoundedly and saw that his expression was solemn, even more solemn than before.
This made Zhao Honglei a little confused.
It wasn’t until Wang Xiong spoke softly from the side.
“No matter how much the zombies evolve, it doesn’t matter to us. After all, no matter how strong they are, they’re nothing compared to our brother Lu, one shot, one kill.
“But the number of zombies is important to us. After all, no matter how strong Brother Lu is, he’s only one person with just two hands.”
With that, Wang Xiong shouted loudly, “Guys, it’s time for our performance!”
“Hold your position.”
“Then, we’ll wait for Brother Lu to solve the problem!”
“Okay!”
“Understood!”
“Clear!
For a moment, the crowd was furious and their fighting spirit was high.
Only Zhao Honglei stared blankly at the highest level of the observation tower, as if he was an outsider..


CHAPTER-60
Chapter 60: Good Hope Village’s Defense System and Help

The destructive power of the zombie horde was truly formidable.
They gathered in large groups, stretching as far as the eye could see. They were also incredibly strong, and there were even variants with different abilities like the giant zombies and the hunters.
Any normal gathering place, once confronted with a zombie horde of thousands, could only meet one fate—destruction and death.
In certain aspects, the gathering place on Guangping Street fell within the realm of normalcy.
For example, the surface construction fortifications of the gathering place.
Simple reinforced city walls, pre-apocalypse old houses, ordinary roadblocks and traps.
As Wang Xiong had said, even though Lu Ming was strong, he was just one person with a pair of hands. He did not possess any large-scale offensive superpowers. Compared to the Tyrant with stronger individual strength, Lu Ming found it difficult to deal with a large number of ordinary zombies.
One iron discus after another was thrown out by Lu Ming, creating bloodied paths amidst the sea of zombies.
From time to time, Lu Ming would pick up his slingshot and accurately kill the highly threatening hunters.
However, these actions still could not stop the zombie horde from approaching the gathering place.
It did not take long for the vanguard of the zombie horde to reach the foot of the city wall.
The nearly io-meter-high city wall appeared frail in the face of the zombie horde.
Agile hunters could easily leap over it.
Giant zombies stepped on the zombies, allowing them to climb up the city wall.
Ordinary zombies formed human ladders, and the city wall could not hold them back.
Some hot-tempered giant zombies even pounded the gate, causing it to quickly distort and deform. It seemed like it would not hold for much longer. There were even impatient giant zombies who picked up the zombies and threw them over the wall as if they were throwing shot puts.
The city wall barely blocked the zombie wave for less than half a minute before it completely lost its effect.
Upon entering the gathering place, the zombies became even more excited.
They roared ferociously as they charged towards Lu Ming’s observation tower, demolishing houses along the way and trampling over farmland. The once well-maintained gathering place was immediately turned into a disaster zone under the onslaught of the zombie horde.
Zhang Lixin and Li Zitong watched this scene with pained expressions, their mouths twitching uncontrollably…
“That was our hard work,” Zhang Lixin lamented.
Lu Ming’s mouth twitched uncontrollably in worry.
“My home is in big trouble…”
His hand movement became even faster.
Countless slingshot bullets rained down like a storm, and the groups of zombies were harvested in batches.
However, it still could not stop the zombie tide from rushing to the vicinity of the observation tower.
At this moment,
Zhang Chengcheng made her move.
After advancing to Level 3, Zhang Chengcheng’s superpower strength reached new heights.
This was not only reflected in a higher gravitational field, but also in the endurance of the superpower, the range of its influence, and even the finesse of its manipulation.
At this moment, Zhang Chengcheng raised her hand, and a twisted ripple spread out from her hand.
The ripples expanded, spreading within a 30-meter diameter centered around the observation tower.
“Gravity, five times!”
A gravitational field was generated.
The footsteps of the zombie horde instantly stagnated.
Five times the gravitational field was not a difficult task for a Level 3 Zhang Chengcheng.
However, for ordinary zombies whose physical fitness was only slightly stronger than ordinary people, it was nothing short of a disaster.
The ordinary zombies instantly collapsed to the ground, unable to move.
As for the giant zombies and hunters that could still move, they were immediately targeted and killed precisely by Lu Ming.
It was ridiculous how the zombie horde had initially advanced with great momentum, but in the final tens of meters before their meal, they were completely immobilized.
“Chengcheng, well done!”
Even Lu Ming could not help but exclaim in admiration.
Although Zhang Chengcheng’s strength was nothing compared to Lu Ming, various abilities with unique effects could achieve things that even Lu Ming could not.
It was only at this moment that Zhao Honglei finally understood the means by which Guangping Street’s gathering place resisted the zombie horde.
A powerhouse.
An unbelievably powerful one.
The existence of such a person ensured the immediate elimination of the most threatening high-level zombies.
An almost indestructible defensive line, combined with a group of Awakened individuals with diverse superpowers.
This observation tower was the indestructible defensive line.
The material of the observation tower was actually nothing special—it was made of iron.
However, with the assistance of Li Zitong’s earth-element superpower, it reinforced the foundation of the observation tower, making it even more sturdy.
There was also another high-level Awakened with outstanding crowd-killing and control abilities.
With this setup, the group resisted the zombie horde centered around the watchtower, leaving the horde with almost no opportunities.
What was even more impressive was the shelter beneath the observation tower.
Ordinary survivors without combat strength could hide inside. As long as the external defensive line held up, the survivors inside would be safe.
Without any worries, the fighters could unleash their full potential and ruthlessly slaughter the zombies.
“Wonderful, absolutely wonderful!”
Expressions of admiration echoed one after another. However, after the sentiment subsided, Zhao Honglei awkwardly scratched his head.
Now, he seemed to be an outsider… because he did not need to contribute anything to this system at all.
Looking down from a higher vantage point, Bai Tianyu could not help but fall into silence when he saw Lu Ming and the others resisting the zombie horde.
He had promised Professor Huo that he would complete this mission.
There was definitely no problem completing the mission, but the embarrassing part was that he was completely an outsider throughout the entire process and did not contribute anything at all.
His gaze turned to the top of the observation tower and saw the man on the top of the tower was pulling the slingshot while smiling and nodding at him.
Yes, Lu Ming had long noticed Bai Tianyu’s presence.
However, from Bai Tianyu’s actions, Lu Ming could tell that he had come with good intentions, so he temporarily ignored him.
Seeing Lu Ming’s smile, Bai Tianyu also smiled awkwardly.
However, he thought to himself, “Who is this kid? His level of abnormality is on par with mine, if not surpassing it.”
Originally, Bai Tianyu was proud…
However, after seeing Lu Ming’s attack, his pride seemed to have melted away into laughter.
“Well, it’s fine this way too. There’s never a shortage of powerful awakened individuals.”
Muttering to himself, Bai Tianyu reached into his pocket and took out a signal flare.
This was a signal flare to notify the military for support.
The Tyrant had been taken care of.
The zombie horde was still a problem.
However, without the leadership of the Tyrant, the danger posed by the zombie horde was significantly reduced. In this case, it would be less dangerous for the military and low-level Awakened to clean up the zombies.
Eight military vehicles rumbled over.
They began to encircle and exterminate the zombies from the periphery.
Bai Tianyu returned to the team, feeling somewhat awkward in the face of the compliments from his fellow team members.
In the minds of the team members, Bai Tianyu must have taken care of the Tyrant… and thus the flattery came one after another.
Bai Tianyu wanted to explain, but considering that dealing with the zombie horde was the current top priority, he kept his explanations to himself.
With the addition of the military and heavy weaponry, the pressure on Lu Ming was greatly relieved.
From the afternoon until the moon reached its zenith.
This zombie wave attack was finally coming to an end..


CHAPTER-61
Chapter 61: Old Friend

The earth under the moonlight undulated in ripples.
Li Zitong’s face twisted in a grimace as he exerted his superpower with all his might to transport the corpses of the zombies in Good Hope Village to the outskirts.
His superpower was indeed useful and he saved a lot of time in collecting the corpses.
At the bottom of the watchtower, as Li Zitong withdrew his superpower, the iron gate reappeared. Wang Xiong opened the iron door, and the survivors walked out of the underground shelter.
“Let’s rest for today. We have plenty of work to do tomorrow.”
Under the moonlight, the survivors saw the condition of the gathering place.
Apart from Lu Ming’s watchtower and a few houses, the entire gathering place was in ruins.
The fruits of their hard work were destroyed in a large-scale zombie wave.
Some emotional people could not help but shed tears on the spot. However, most survivors maintained a positive mindset—after all, surviving the afternoon was already a victory in itself.
The survivors found their own places to rest.
But the Awakened ones still had things to do.
Wang Xiong, accompanied by Zhang Lixin and Meng Jie, arrived at the entrance of Good Hope Village, where they were met by a burly man striding over.
Under the moonlight, Zhang Lixin saw the man’s face and sucked in a breath of cold air. He hurriedly jogged forward and saluted the man.
“Colonel Bai!”
Zhang Lixin and Bai Tianyu were both from the military system.
It was normal for them to know each other.
It was mainly because Bai Tianyu was famous in the military before the apocalypse. To put it in more detail, he was Zhang Lixin’s idol and the first Awakened person in the military, as Zhang Lixin often mentioned.
Bai Tianyu was not very familiar with Zhang Lixin, but after seeing Meng Jie, he immediately recognised him.
“Captain Zhang and Dr. Meng.”
Upon hearing Bai Tianyu call out his surname and position, Zhang Lixin’s face lit up with a smile. He was about to say something when he saw Bai Tianyu walk past him and approached Meng Jie.
“Dr. Meng, are you alright?”
Meng Jie nodded gently, about to speak when she heard Bai Tianyu continue, “You have no idea how worried and anxious Dr. Huo was after he lost contact with you.”
Meng Jie instantly shut up and glared at Bai Tianyu, but Bai Tianyu pretended not to notice.
Zhang Lixin and Wang Xiong exchanged puzzled looks.
“There seems to be some gossip going on. Colonel Bai, please elaborate.”
Bai Tianyu did not delve into Meng Jie’s gossip. He just followed Wang Xiong into the gathering place, scanning the surroundings as if he was looking for someone.
After a while of not finding the person he wanted to meet, Bai Tianyu had no choice but to say to Zhang Lixin, “The Awakened who was at the top of the observation tower just now…”
Zhang Lixin suddenly realized, “You mean Brother Lu? Brother Lu has gone home to rest.”
“I wonder if you can introduce me to him?”
This posed a dilemma for Wang Xiong and Zhang Lixin.
Lu Ming did not like meeting strangers.
And what Lu Ming did not like was strictly prohibited in the gathering place.
Wang Xiong was about to speak when Meng Jie sighed and said, “Little Lu is already very exhausted. Let him rest for a while. Let’s talk about our own matters. Besides, I want to ask you something.”
Bai Tianyu said, “Is it about Dr. Huo Sheng? Well, I have plenty to say then.”
Meng Jie frowned and looked at the naive Bai Tianyu…
She did not know if this big guy did it on purpose. Why does he always bring up sensitive topics?
The moment the zombie wave ended, Lu Ming immediately returned home.
This time, it was not because it was too dangerous outside.
Lu Ming wanted to see how much damage his home had suffered.
From the outside, the overall condition of the house looked relatively intact. This was one of the few buildings that had not been destroyed by the zombies.
However, when he got closer, Lu Ming noticed some cracks on the wall.
This made Lu Ming’s heart ache as he roared angrily, “There’s air leaking in! F*ck!”
Beside him, Li Zitong had to console him. “Brother Lu, why don’t I help you fix it?”
With his earth control superpower, he was also skilled in fixing houses.
But Lu Ming thought about it and shook his head.
Suppressing his heartache and urgency, Lu Ming feigned calmness and said, “There are still so many people who arc homeless tonight. If you have the energy, go help others repair some livable houses.”
Li Zitong, Zhang Chcngchcng, and Zhao Honglei were all stunned.
It was only when Lu Ming entered his home and locked the door that Zhang Chcngchcng sincerely exclaimed, “Brother Lu is truly admirable. His character is beyond reproach.”
Li Zitong nodded in agreement.
Zhao Honglei scratched his head in confusion.
He actually did not quite understand why Brother Lu Ming had such a strong obsession with houses.
There was nothing special about this house…
There was some good news, though.
The supplies were all intact.
Although the house had cracks, it did not collapse. The overall structure was still intact, and the supplies inside were undamaged.
That was fortunate.
Another piece of good news was that after dealing with the zombie wave this time, Lu Ming’s skill level had once again increased.
Slingshot Shooting Lv2O-Lv2i (1081/2100). Agility increased by 2.1.
Throwing Lv4-Lv6 (152/600), all attributes increased by 1.1.
As a result, Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Strength: 82.7
Physique: 83.4
Agility: 105.1
The house could no longer protect Lu Ming. His attributes became Lu Ming’s only reliance.
But after all, home was still home.
Whether it had protective capabilities was one thing, but the sense of belonging was another.
After going to the basement to take stock of the supplies and confirming that nothing had been damaged, Lu Ming changed into his pajamas with a worried expression, washed up, and lay on the bed.
At this moment, all that occupied Lu Ming’s mind was one thing.
Repairing the house!
Reinforcing it!
45th day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Tuesday.
Lu Ming got up on time at six in the morning.
After washing up, making breakfast, and eating, it was already 8:30 in the morning—the time taken for cooking and eating had become a burden for Lu Ming.
After a short rest, Lu Ming went out and was about to start exercising when he realized that Wang Xiong had been waiting at the door for a while.
“Good morning, Brother Lu.”
“Good morning, Wang Xiong.”
As he warmed up his body, he observed Wang Xiong’s expression. Lu Ming had a hunch that Wang Xiong had something to say.
As expected, Wang Xiong spoke as he warmed up.
“Zhao Honglei left this morning. He’s preparing to return to the Red Thunder Martial Arts School and bring everyone over. In the afternoon, I’m planning to go pick them up. So, we’ll be counting on Brother Lu to take care of the home.” Lu Ming nodded. “That’s easy.”
The zombie wave brought another benefit—the surrounding zombies were attracted. There were not many zombies in the short term, so there was not much danger. Wang Xiong and the other Awakened ones could finally go out more easily.
“There’s one more thing. The military personnel came yesterday.”
Lu Ming nodded in realization. “The tall and strong one?”
“Yes, his name is Bai Tianyu and he’s from the official side. He came yesterday because the official shelter in the city center detected the advancement of a Level 3 Awakened, so he came to help.”
“They left last night, but they gave us the address of the official shelter.”
After saying this, Wang Xiong hesitated for a moment..


CHAPTER-62
Chapter 62: Red Thunder Martial Arts School

Lu Ming could sense Wang Xiong’s hesitation.
Thinking back to what had happened before, Lu Ming said, “Are you thinking of moving again?”
Wang Xiong had moved once from this place to the Zhang family’s gathering place.
Although the outcome was not ideal, there was actually no problem with his train of thought.
There was strength in numbers. It was important to have mutual aid and cooperation to tide over difficult times in the apocalypse.
Moreover, it was obvious that the conditions in the official shelter were much better than here.
Before Wang Xiong could respond, Lu Ming continued, “That is your decision, but I won’t move.”
Lu Ming did not want to go to an unfamiliar place to settle down.
If it meant that he would die if he didn’t move, Lu Ming would move; there was nothing more important than preserving his life. But its not at that level yet, is it?
Upon hearing this, Wang Xiong burst into laughter. “What are you thinking? I’ve made the mistake of moving before, so I certainly won’t make it a second time.
“Guangping Street is my home. Even if I die, I have to die here!
“And when I chatted with Colonel Bai yesterday, I realized that the situation over there isn’t all that great either.”
Wang Xiong began to explain in detail.
As for Lu Ming, he listened carefully while warming up with Zhang Chengchcng’s help.
The situation in the official gathering place was indeed not great.
The gathering place was located in the city center, just three kilometers away from the tower.
Until now, the official gathering place had yet to figure out what that tower was, nor had they found a way to enter the tower. But regardless, it was a hidden danger, and a significant one at that.
The official gathering place was built underground, and the fortifications were strong and defensive.
When the Awakened individuals over there advanced, the zombie tide could not find the entrance to the shelter, and the zombies had yet to evolve the ability to dig underground—for the most part, they were not threatened by the zombie tide.
However, they faced difficulties in terms of food.
There was no way to farm underground. Although there were a lot of food reserves, it could not last for long.
More importantly, at the beginning of the apocalypse, the official shelter did its best to rescue survivors. Coupled with a substantial number of military personnel, this resulted in tens of thousands of people in the official shelter, and the consumption of food was evident.
Food was the top priority.
Without food, major problems would arise.
After briefly introducing the situation there, Wang Xiong continued, “Actually, they have had an idea for a long time—to clear out the zombies and reclaim the city.”
It was not for dignity or face, but purely for survival space.
It was impossible for humans to live underground forever.
Without sunlight, there would be no food.
But without a doubt, the research there also showed that humans were at a complete disadvantage when facing zombies.
To put it bluntly, they did not have the ability to reclaim lost territory.
At least there was no way to recapture the entire Nanxiang region in a short period of time.
“Meanwhile, our place isn’t far from the official shelter. Colonel Bai mentioned an idea yesterday—to establish a route between our gathering place and the official shelter and use these two places as a fulcrum to create a safe area. At the very least, farming has to be put on the agenda.”
While performing squats, Lu Ming nodded, “That’s true.”
Then he saw Wang Xiong scratching his head again. “Yesterday, I got a bit carried away by my emotions and agreed without seeking Brother Lu’s opinion, so you think…”
Lu Ming was stunned.
So you hesitated because you didn’t ask for my opinion.
I don’t think my opinion is that important…
Moreover, this indeed turns out to be a good thing—a larger and more organized safe zone, which can also provide us with a greater sense of security.
And there’s food too!
With these thoughts in mind, Lu Ming smiled and said, “Your decision is sound. It’s a good thing.”
Wang Xiong finally breathed a sigh of relief.
After the morning exercise ended, Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Name: Lu Ming
Strength: 82.7 (84-4) T-
Physique: 83.4 (85.1) f.
Agility: 105.1 (106.8) J.
Fitness Lv2 (900/1200).
Eat, cook, and take a nap.
After getting out of bed, Lu Ming felt refreshed.
Just then, the roar of cars came from outside the window.
Lu Ming came to the window on the second floor and opened it to look out. He saw that all four military vehicles that had left in the morning had returned, packed with people.
The vehicles stopped dozens of meters away. As the door opened, Zhang Lixin, Li Zitong, Zhao Honglei, and over twenty other people whom Lu Ming had never seen before got out of the vehicles.
Recalling his conversation with Wang Xiong in the morning, Lu Ming nodded slightly.
“They must be from the Red Thunder Martial Arts School.”
Lu Ming’s presence was also sensed by Zhao Honglei and the other Awakened.
The Awakened individual named Zhao Honglei walked over with a burly man who was even bigger than him.
The man beside Zhao Honglei was Zhao Honglei’s eldest son, Zhao Yongchun.
Seeing his father bring him to the small building, Zhao Yongchun asked, “Where are we going?”
Zhao Honglei thought for a moment and responded with three words, “Pay our respects.”
Zhao Yongchun instantly understood.
Earlier in the morning, Zhao Honglei returned to the martial arts school and brought back a decision—to move house.
This decision was unanimously agreed upon because they really could not live here anymore.
During the remaining time, Zhao Honglei described in detail what he had seen and heard yesterday, and he couldn’t stop talking about one person—Mr. Lu Ming.
The strongest Awakened individual!
The guardian of Guangping Street!
The hope and beacon of humanity
Lu Ming thought to himself, What nonsense are you talking about?
In summary, there was just one point: It was great to hang out with Brother Lu!
Although Zhao Yongchun had not met Lu Ming before, he already admired him in his heart. Now, arriving at the gathering place in Guangping Street, it was proper etiquette to pay a visit to the strongest individual here.
The two of them arrived at Lu Ming’s house downstairs.
Previously, Zhao Honglei had asked Wang Xiong about Mr. Lu’s preferences— Mr. Lu was an easygoing person, but it was important to remember that his house was strictly off-limits to outsiders.
Standing downstairs and looking up at Lu Ming, Zhao Honglei cupped his fists and spoke, “Mr. Lu.”
Zhao Yongchun also cupped his fists. “Mr. Lu.”
“Hello, both of you.”
“Hello, Mr. Lu.”
Then, the conversation fell into an awkward silence.
Lu Ming was not good with words, and Zhao Honglei and Zhao Yongchun were not great at small talk either. Moreover, Lu Ming’s strength was indeed intimidating, and people who were not familiar with him naturally felt the pressure when they stood in front of him.
Watching the awkwardness of the Zhao father and son, Luming thought for a moment and spoke, “So, you’ll be living here from now on?”
Zhao Honglei nodded. “Yes, we’ll be settling here. Please take care of us, Mr. Lu Ming.”
“I can’t say that I’m taking care of you, everyone will take care of one another.”
Lu Ming’s ‘humble’ statement made the Zhao father and son relax a lot.
The two of them were about to take their leave when they unexpectedly heard Lu Ming speak again.
“By the way, Mr. Zhao, I heard that you had a martial arts school before the apocalypse… Which means you have martial arts skills, right?”
Zhao Honglei wanted to say that his martial arts skills were nothing compared to Lu Ming.
Your powerful brick-throwing technique is the strongest martial art skill I’ve ever seen!
However, he did not say that. He only nodded, “My Zhao family does have a few tricks up our sleeves.”
Lu Ming’s eyes lit up.. “Can you teach me?”


CHAPTER-63
Chapter 63: Zhao Family Spear, Resistance Stance

Martial arts were equivalent to skills.
Skills equaled attributes.
In fact, after hearing about Zhao Honglei’s background yesterday, Lu Ming became interested in this matter. But considering that the zombie wave had just passed and everyone was very busy, Lu Ming did not rush to bring it up.
Now that the other party had taken the initiative to come knocking on his door, Lu Ming had to make a request for the sake of his attributes.
Fortunately, Zhao Honglei and Zhao Yongchun were very easygoing people.
After a simple discussion, Zhao Honglei said, “If Mr. Lu is truly interested in our farming techniques, my son and I will certainly teach you everything we know!”
The Zhao Family’s martial arts skills were not some closely guarded secret in the martial arts world—although in Nanxiang before the apocalypse, the Zhao Family Spear was quite famous.
However, times had changed…
In this day and age, spears were fast beyond seven steps, and within seven steps, spears were fast and accurate. No matter how awesome the Zhao Family Spear were, could they beat firearms?
Definitely not.
One could even say that in the pre-apocalyptic era, there was no martial arts world, nor were there any exclusive martial art techniques that were not passed down. If you wanted to learn, you could pay to learn. Even if you learned it, it was not of much use. Would you still dare to fight someone?
Now that Lu Ming had spoken, the Zhao father and son could not find any reason to refuse.
They were even secretly delighted.
Being able to have dealings with Luming using their family’s inherited martial arts was fantastic! Profitable! It was worth it!
Lu Ming, however, was a little impatient.
“There’s no better time than now. Shall we start immediately?”
Facing Lu Ming’s eager eyes, the Zhao father and son nodded without hesitation. “You decide. We have plenty of time!”
The Zhao Clan Martial Arts School primarily taught spear techniques.
The spear technique was called the Zhao Family Spear.
Despite its ordinary name, Zhao Family Spear was indeed rare in modern times and it focused on practical combat.
Of course, because of its emphasis on practical combat, there were not many disciples. The business of the former Red Thunder Martial Art School was just average, so there was no need to dwell on that.
Lu Ming stood upright in the open space in front of the house. Opposite him, the one responsible for teaching him was not Zhao Honglei but Zhao Yongchun.
According to Zhao Honglei, his son, Zhao Yongchun, had mastered his authentic techniques and was a better teacher than him. As for whether there was any deeper logical reasoning behind it, Lu Ming did not know.
He did not need to know.
At this moment, Lu Ming had already changed into sportswear, and Zhao Yongchun had also put on a loose white training suit. The two faced each other, with Zhao Yongchun looking solemn as he slowly spoke.
“I think what Mr. Lu wants to learn isn’t just a superficial physical training routine.”
Lu Ming: “That’s correct.”
“In that case, I’ll skip the preliminary physical training and get straight to the point.”
“Martial arts and striking techniques.
“As for the so-called striking techniques, the greatest secret can be summarized in one sentence: Faster and stronger!
“It was not just about striking faster and stronger; it also applies to being quicker and stronger in terms of physical abilities!
“The so-called traditional martial arts actually share similarities with the mixed martial arts that Wang Xiong practices. If one truly really wants practical combat, the party with greater strength will definitely have a significant advantage. In fact, when his strength surpasses his opponent to a certain level, the techniques and skills will become meaningless.
“This is the fundamental reason why boxing, mixed martial arts, and other combat sports have heavyweight divisions—the weaker ones hardly stand a chance against the stronger ones.”
Of course, Lu Ming did not need to consider physical fitness issues, so there was no need to go through physical training.
Beside him, Zhao Honglei handed over two long spears.
“The Zhao family practices the long spear.
“The long spear is four meters long, made of iron, and belongs to the category of hard spears. However, for the convenience in travel, our ancestors in the Republican era improved the Zhao family’s spear technique to make it usable with a two-meter spear. However, generally speaking, it’s better to use the long spear for actual combat.
“This follows the principle that strength increases with size.”
After taking the long spear, Lu Ming casually swung it, creating sonic booms, which caused Zhao Yongchun’s face to stiffen as he heard Lu Ming speak again.
“This spear is quite stiff. It’s not as elegant as it looks in TV dramas.”
In the past, when Lu Ming watched period dramas, he had also seen ‘martial arts experts’ wielding spears.
Their spears were as soft as cloth, and with a swing, they moved like a wriggling python, which looked impressive.
However, Zhao Yongchun scoffed and said, “That’s all just for show. It might look good, but it’s not practical in actual combat at all.
“This is also the first point I want to emphasize about spear techniques—the essence of spearmanship.
“Actually, there’s only one key attack for spearmanship—thrust!”
After saying that, Zhao Yongchun suddenly raised his hand and his spear shot out like a dragon!
The long spear accurately pierced a mud slab in front of him, shattering it on the spot.
“With the spear, there’s only one way to attack! Thrust! Thrust accurately and swiftly, that’s all there is to it. As for fancy twirling, using the spear as a staff to strike people… it’s just for show. It’s useless in a real fight.
“The logic behind this is easier to understand.
“Is it the force of the spear shaft stronger or the spearhead that is stronger in terms of lethality? If you say that the spear shaft can also kill people, then why don’t you go learn the staff instead?
“Thrusting is the core attacking technique of Zhao Family Spear and even all spear techniques. That’s why we only use hard spears and not soft ones.
“Hard spears thrust accurately with low energy loss, making them much more lethal than soft spears.
“Just imagine using a soft spear to thrust at someone. You aim for their throat, but the spear shaft is too soft, and it ends up crookedly stabbing their thigh- how embarrassing…”
Zhao Yongchun continued, “Many people say that there are similarities between spear techniques and boxing techniques, and that’s quite true.
“Thrusting is like the jab in boxing. It emphasizes speed. Combined with a sharp spearhead, when you have both speed and strong killing power, you have all the necessary elements.
“So, the first thing I want to teach Mr. Luming is actually just a simple word, ‘thrust’.”
Lu Ming raised his eyebrows. “Aren’t we supposed to learn martial arts?”
Zhao Yongchun laughed. “This is martial arts!”
“Some things seem mysterious until you come into contact with them.
“But once you do, you realize they’re not that special.
“The so-called traditional martial arts, when you get down to it, are simply a form of striking technique. To put it bluntly, most traditional martial arts are not as powerful and effective as modern combat techniques.
“As for the martial world, martial arts, inner strength… just listen and don’t take it too seriously. I don’t know if there was inner strength in ancient times, but what I can say for sure is that in modern and even recent times, no one in the Zhao family has attained inner strength.
“Furthermore, I want to correct a misconception you have, Mr. Lu. That is the idea of martial arts routines.
“The martial arts in TV dramas always have routines and techniques, but true martial arts actually don’t have many set routines—because you face different opponents with different techniques, it’s impossible to use the same set routine against different opponents.
“That leads me to the next thing I want to teach you, the fundamentals of spear techniques.
“Footwork, parrying, and thrusting. Parrying for defense, thrusting for offense. Once you master these, spear techniques will naturally come.”
This was completely different from what Lu Ming had imagined.
However, upon further contemplation, Lu Ming had to agree with Zhao Yongchun’s logic. Without fixed techniques, there’s no constant form. If you just perform a set of techniques for 10 minutes, that’s not martial arts, that’s gymnastics.
But then another question arose, “So, what you can teach me is just the basics of spear techniques, right?”
Then it seems like I can learn from videos myself.
To this, Zhao Yongchun smiled slightly, “And finally, what I want to teach Mr. Luming is the foundation training of our Zhao Family Spear and our renowned technique.
“The Frosty Glow..”


CHAPTER-64
Chapter 64: Zhao Family Spear, Resistance Stance (2)

After all, the Zhao Family Spear had something substantial.
This something was embodied in the stance training and killing techniques— otherwise, the Zhao Family Spear might as well change its name to Basic Spear Technique.
This was also a true portrayal of the contemporary martial arts world.
With stance training as the core, mastering a few unique killing techniques would qualify as a decent inheritance.
“The so-called stance training is the foundation of martial arts,” Zhao Yongchun said.
“The stance technique is divided into the static stance and the dynamic stance, with the static stance also known as the standing stance… To be honest, whether in ancient times or modern days, the static stance is merely a way to cultivate one’s character and has nothing to do with martial arts.
“The dynamic stance, on the other hand, is the essence of a true martial arts inheritance.
“Of course, dynamic stances are not about cultivating internal strength. To put it bluntly, dynamic stances train the method of exerting strength.
“Due to the different killing techniques of different martial arts, the method of exerting force also varies. Only by mastering the correct method of exerting force of a martial art could one truly be considered to have mastered it.
“Among them, stance training, or rather dynamic stances, is a set of movements that enables practitioners to grasp the relevant martial arts’ methods of exerting force.
“Stance training forms the foundation. Strengthening the body through training is one aspect, exerting force is another. Once the stance training is accomplished, then one can enter the realm of killing techniques, and when the killing techniques are perfected, the martial skills reach their pinnacle.”
After saying that, Zhao Yongchun concluded, “That is what martial arts are all about.”
After listening to Zhao Yongchun’s explanation, Lu Ming was actually somewhat disappointed.
He had thought that martial arts were the kind that involved soaring through the sky and traversing the earth.
His childhood dream was shattered…
However, after the disappointment, Lu Ming regained his spirit.
He cupped his fists respectfully at Zhao Yongchun and said, “Please teach me, Mr. Zhao!”
In the face of the apocalypse, having an additional skill was always a good thing.
Even if martial arts were not what Lu Ming had imagined, it would not hurt to practice more.
Perhaps sensing Lu Ming’s hidden disappointment, Zhao Yongchun pondered for a moment and did not rush into the teaching process. Instead, he spoke up.
“Before we start the lesson, how about letting Mr. Lu see the effectiveness of our Zhao Family Spear?”
On the side, Zhao Honglei had already walked over, holding a thick wooden stake.
The wooden stake had a diameter of about half a meter and was covered with iron, giving it a sturdy and solid appearance.
After taking the long spear handed to him by Zhao Honglei, Zhao Yongchun swung it a few times and then turned to Wang Xiong, who was spectating nearby.
“Mr. Wang is a Level 2 Awakened, right?”
Wang Xiong was stunned for a moment before nodding and said, “Yes.”
“In that case, I would like to ask Mr. Wang to cooperate with me. Can you do that?”
Wang Xiong immediately nodded and said, “Of course.”
He stepped forward, taking the long spear handed to him by Zhao Yongchun. Zhao Yongchun then said, “Use your full strength to thrust at the wooden stake in front of you.”
Wang Xiong immediately thrust the spear.
With a bang, the wooden stake was pierced and flew a long distance, but Wang
Xiong awkwardly scratched his head. “I’m not very skilled with spears.”
His thrusting motion was merely brute force. While it was powerful and hit the target, the force was not concentrated, resulting in lower overall damage.
Zhao Honglei retrieved the wooden stake, and Lu Ming looked at it, noticing the broken iron covering and a piece of the wood inside being blasted open.
Zhao Honglei stabilized the wooden stake again and took the long spear from Wang Xiong’s hand.
He also thrust the spear!
The spear entered from the front and came out from the back. Zhao Honglei’s thrust directly pierced through the wooden stake!
There was no need for further explanation; just by looking at the condition of the wooden stake, it was obvious which one of them dealt more damage, Wang Xiong or Zhao Honglei.
Lu Ming’s eyes lit up and he could not help but ask, “Is this the Cold Light?”
However, Zhao Yongchun smiled and shook his head. “This isn’t a cold light, it’s merely a difference in basic spear technique.”
Wang Xiong’s style was brute force. Zhao Honglei’s was considered a spear technique, but it was only a basic spear technique.
“Next, what I’m going to demonstrate to Mr. Lu is the ultimate skill of our Zhao Family Spear, the Cold Light.”
After Zhao Honglei finished speaking, he raised his spear and assumed a stance similar to a lunge.
In the next second, a glimmer of cold light appeared first, followed by the spear swiftly entering and exiting like a dragon!
With a cracking sound, the wooden stake exploded on the spot, shattering into pieces!
Zhao Honglei let out a breath, slowly retracted his spear, and looked at Lu Ming while asking, “Mr. Lu, did you notice anything?”
Lu Ming nodded gently. “Not only is it more lethal, but the speed of the thrust is also much faster.”
Its lethality was stronger, evident from the condition of the wooden stake.
And Lu Ming’s dynamic vision could indeed capture the difference between Zhao Honglei’s two thrusts.
The speed of Cold Light’s thrust was nearly twice as fast as a regular thrust!
This was not Zhao Honglei intentionally holding back his full strength in the first thrust to highlight the power of the Zhao Family Spear. Both he and Wang Xiong were Level 2 Awakened, and their speeds when thrusting were not significantly different. In fact, Zhao Honglei’s first thrust was even slightly faster than Wang Xiong’s.
This was enough to prove that the Zhao family’s ultimate skill, Cold Light, was indeed powerful!
“Please teach me, Mr. Zhao!”
This time, Lu Ming put aside that trace of disappointment and displayed an extremely dignified and solemn demeanor.
Zhao Yongchun nodded and said, “I will definitely do my best and hold nothing back in teaching you.”
The practice of traditional martial arts was a long process.
In the martial arts world, there was a saying that one spent a lifetime with a staff or a saber.
“The spear is indeed not easy to practice.
“But with Mr. Lu’s physical condition, the so-called martial arts are actually not difficult.”
There was no doubt about it, the physical body was the foundation of all martial arts!
Lu Ming’s strength was not only reflected in his strength and speed, but his body coordination was also outstanding—it was partly thanks to Wang Xiong.
In terms of combat techniques, free combat and traditional martial arts share similarities.
In other words, the foundation of the body has already been established, and the rest will naturally fall into place.
“First of all, I would like to teach Mr. Lu the basic spear technique training routine…”
As Zhao Yongchun spoke, he demonstrated the movements in person, and Lu Ming followed suit, imitating Zhao Yongchun’s actions with the spear.
Initially, Lu Ming’s movements were awkward, but after just half an hour, he had already learned them quite well.
This progress was reflected in the data panel.
Basic Spear Technique Lvi (5/100): You have preliminarily grasped the essentials of spear techniques. Your Strength, Stamina, and Agility +0.1!
A new skill acquired.
Zhao Honglei, who had been observing on the side, could not help but gasp when he witnessed Lu Ming’s progress.
Spear techniques were difficult to learn to begin with, and mastering a four-meter long spear was even more challenging!
Yet, in just half an hour, Lu Ming’s progress had surpassed that of an ordinary person in a week.
Zhao Honglei had never seen such a genius in his lifetime!
After about another half an hour, Lu Ming successfully advanced to Level 2 in basic spear techniques!
His three-dimensional attributes increased by another 0.2 points.
Zhao Yongchun timely said, “Let’s take a break for now.”
Lu Ming retracted his spear and saw Zhao Yongchun looking at him with a complex expression. Zhao Yongchun said, “Mr. Lu, you’re learning very quickly, so I think we can move on to stance training directly.”
Initially, Zhao Yongchun had planned to teach Lu Ming stance training the next day. But obviously, the speed of Lu Ming’s progress could not be explained by ordinary theory.
So, he would teach him in advance!
Teach everything!
There was nothing that could not be taught!
The Zhao family’s stance training was called the “Resistance Stance”.
This stance was dynamic in nature. To put it bluntly, it was a set of established movements to swing a long spear.
It was similar to a routine of techniques and somewhat resembled gymnastics.
As Zhao Yongchun had previously explained, the significance of stance training was not in actual combat but in cultivating the body and familiarizing oneself with the force-exerting techniques of related skills.
Thus, the movements of the Resistance Stance felt a bit awkward.
After Zhao Yongchun performed a set of stance training, during Lu Ming’s first attempt, he felt that his body’s twisted movements were extremely uncoordinated.
It felt like his waist was fighting against his own thighs.
However, with the dual guidance of Zhao Yongchun and Zhao Honglei, Lu Ming gradually corrected his movements. By dinner time, Lu Ming successfully completed the entire set of stance training at an extremely slow pace.
The attribute panel changed once again!
Resistance Stance Lvi (1/100): You have preliminary grasped the training method of the Resistance Stance! Free attribute points +1!
(Note: Free Attribute Points can be assigned to any attribute of your choice.)
Lu Ming’s eyes lit up like a light bulb..


CHAPTER-65
Chapter 65: New Home and Kitchen Maid

Free attribute points were definitely good things.
Adding points freely meant flexibility, and it also meant targeting to make up for weaknesses.
And the Resistance Stance, which could bring free attribute points, was an even better thing.
Not only did it give free attribute points, but it also gave a lot of them!
While other skills only gave 0.1 or 0.2 points, the Resistance Stance directly gave 1 or 2 points!
This really made Lu Ming excited…
He practiced the Resistance Stance again and again until a strong sense of hunger overwhelmed him, and only then did Lu Ming stop.
It was already 9 o’clock in the evening. Zhao Yongchun, Zhao Honglei, and the others had not eaten yet, as they accompanied Lu Ming through the tough training.
When they saw Lu Ming stop and prepare to go home, they were amazed by his talent and let out a sigh of relief.
They were even hungrier as they had not eaten since morning.
However, since Lu Ming did not say to stop, they did not dare to stop either…
After thanking the Zhao father and son several times, Lu Ming went home to prepare dinner.
It was not until after 11 o’clock that Lu Ming finished cooking and had his meal.
Feeling tired and sleepy, Lu Ming still forced himself to take stock of the household supplies.
However, his mood turned unpleasant when he saw the walls with leaks all around.
Lying in bed, Lu Ming muttered to himself as he drifted off to sleep.
“I have to fix it, it must be fixed!”
Soon, he fell asleep.
Day 46 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Wednesday.
He got up, washed up, made breakfast, and exercised.
After completing this routine, Lu Ming obtained attribute points, and the morning time passed by just like that.
After the lunch break, Lu Ming immediately went to look for Li Zitong.
“Help me fix my house if you have time.”
Part of the walls of Lu Ming’s house had suffered fatal damage during the last zombie wave. When Lu Ming slept at night, he could feel the drafts in the house. He felt uncomfortable and insecure living there.
Upon hearing this, Li Zitong nodded immediately. “I have time right now.”
When Brother Lu needed help, the task had to be done properly and quickly. Brother Lu’s matters were of utmost importance in the Guangping Street gathering place!
Lu Ming said, “Then let’s start now!”
The skill training session in the afternoon had been replaced by a house repair session by Lu Ming.
Standing in front of his house, most of the people from the gathering place had come to watch the commotion.
Lu Ming did not pay much attention to that. He just looked at his house that was on the verge of collapse and could not express his frustration…
“So, Brother Lu, how do we fix it?” Li Zitong asked.
Lu Ming thought for a moment and replied, “Just patch up the cracked areas.”
As soon as Lu Ming finished speaking, Zhang Lixin who was standing beside them immediately chimed in, “Don’t do it like that, Brother Lu. I have a better idea.”
Lu Ming turned to look at Zhang Lixin and listened as he continued, “Brother Lu, think about it. You finally started construction on this house. Shouldn’t we make the most of it? Expand its scale or whatever. And if you have any ideas or requirements for the house, feel free to mention them. We can work on it together.”
Lu Ming thought that Zhang Lixin’s suggestion made sense.
But there was another important issue.
“Can you guys handle the plumbing and electrical work too?”
Zhang Lixin’s smile froze on his face in an instant.
Since the beginning of the apocalypse until now, the water and electricity supply had not been cut off. To the survivors, this was undoubtedly great news.
But now that Lu Ming wanted to repair his house, and if he made the major changes suggested by Zhang Lixin, the issue of water and electricity supply would definitely be unavoidable.
And Zhang Lixin really could not handle it.
After asking around in the crowd, Zhang Lixin shook his head in disappointment and said, “It’s not possible. We don’t have people with expertise in that area in our gathering place.”
The gathering place had a small population, and talent was even scarcer.
So a major renovation was not feasible.
“But I think it’s really necessary to set up an outdoor kitchen,”
said Zhang Chengcheng, who was beside Lu Ming.
Lu Ming looked at Zhang Chengcheng and heard her say with a smile, “Brother Lu, cooking by yourself must be time-consuming, right?”
Lu Ming nodded.
Indeed, it was.
As Lu Ming’s appetite grew and each meal took longer to prepare, cooking and eating had become a burden for him.
However, he could not let others eat in his place.
Lu Ming would not let anyone walk into his house and cook for him.
He did not want to eat communal meals either…
While contemplating these issues, Zhang Chengcheng said, “So, Brother Lu, let’s set up an outdoor kitchen. Instead of using the natural gas pipeline for fuel, we can use gas cylinders and find someone to help you with the cooking. This way, it should save you a lot of time.”
Lu Ming could not help but feel conflicted.
It was indeed important to save time, but having someone else to cook for him… he could not trust just anyone…
What if someone poisoned the food?
Seeing Lu Ming’s dilemma, Zhang Chengcheng smiled and said, “Well, I don’t have much to do every day, so why not let me cook for you from now on? I’m quite skilled at cooking.”
Letting Zhang Chengcheng cook for him…
In terms of trust, Lu Ming was at ease—without Zhang Chengcheng, Lu Ming’s attributes would not have improved. So Lu Ming was not too worried about Zhang Chengcheng poisoning the food.
It was just that…
“How can I accept that?” Lu Ming said.
“You help me with my training and now you want to cook for me, it’s a bit too much of a favor,” he added.
Zhang Chengcheng chuckled softly and said, “Brother Lu, why are you still being so formal with me? How about this, why don’t you take care of my meals from now on? How does that sound?”
Lu Ming immediately nodded. “Deal!”
With that, the matter was settled.
However, Lu Ming did not notice the silent exchange of glances among the people behind him.
Zhang Chengcheng was trapping Lu Ming…
But it was fine. At least in the eyes of others, they felt that Zhang Chengcheng and Lu Ming were a good match.
With the plan in place, they immediately started working.
Earth-element superpowers were undoubtedly helpful for house repairs.
Li Zitong used his Earth-element superpower to help repair and reinforce the walls of Lu Ming’s house. He also built a square outdoor kitchen and a dining room near Lu Ming’s house.
From today onwards, this would be Lu Ming and Zhang Chengcheng’s dedicated dining area.
Although there was indeed suspicion of special treatment, Lu Ming did not care about that.
He used his own resources for cooking and eating, so there was nothing to be ashamed of in having a separate kitchen.
In just two hours, the minor repairs were completed.
After thanking Li Zitong multiple times, the others dispersed and busied themselves with their own tasks, leaving only Lu Ming, Zhang Chengcheng, and Zhao Yongchun in front of Lu Ming’s house.
“Are you going to continue training in the afternoon?”
After Zhao Yongchun asked Lu Ming, he immediately nodded. “It’s only three o’clock. It’s still early. I can train for another two hours.”
Zhao Yongchun could not help but admire him.
Lu Ming was already so strong, yet he still diligently trained every day.
No wonder he was so awesome… Hard work combined with talent, there was no reason not to be extraordinary!
Seeing the earnest and hardworking Lu Ming, Zhang Chengcheng’s eyes also sparkled with admiration.
She chuckled and said, “Then I’ll go and cook now.”
Lu Ming nodded and said seriously, “Thank you, Chengcheng.”
The afternoon training focused on spearmanship.
With a qualified master like Zhao Yongchun, Lu Ming’s basic spearmanship improved rapidly.
By dinner time, Lu Ming had raised his basic spearmanship to Level 3 (35/300), and his three-dimensional attributes increased by 0.3 points again.
As a result, Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Name: Lu Ming
Age: 25 years old
Strength: 86.2
Physique: 86.9
Agility: 108.6
Free Attribute Points: 1
Fitness Lvi2 (1150/1200).
Slingshot Lv2i (1081/2100)
Crossbow Shooting Lvi5 (312/1500)
Archery Lvi5 (788/1500)
Gun Shooting Lv5 (45/500)
Hand-to-hand Combat Lv20 (259/2000).
Cold Weapon Combat Lvio (621/1000)
Basic Spearmanship Lv3 (35/300)
Throw Lv6 (152/600)
Resistance Stance Lvl (32/100).
After enjoying the dinner made by Zhang Chengcheng, Lu Ming took a short break and immediately began practicing the resistance stance technique.
Every exercise, every drop of sweat, would bring results.
Therefore, Lu Ming had no reason to be anything but diligent..


CHAPTER-66
Chapter 66: Mother and Son

The 47th day of the Apocalypse Calendar, Thursday.
It was morning.
At the official shelter.
The heavy gates swung open and a convoy drove out from underground to the surface.
This convoy was led by Bai Tianyu.
Today, they were embarking on a mission, and once again heading to the gathering place in Guangping Street.
Bai Tianyu sat in the military vehicle at the front. Other than him and the driver, there was another person in the car.
This person had gray hair and deep eye bags, appearing to be around 40 years old, but the fatigue and vicissitudes in his eyes made him look older.
This person was the chief scientist of the official shelter—Dr. Huo Sheng.
The vehicle left the confines of the official shelter and arrived on the streets of Nanxiang City.
There were not many zombies along the way since Bai Tianyu’s team had cleared them out multiple times.
After a while, Huo Sheng, who was beside Bai Tianyu, could not help but speak, “So Tianyu, what about Meng Jie…”
Seeing that Dr. Huo Sheng could no longer contain his concern for his ex-wife and asking about her, Bai Tianyu’s lips curved into a smile and he said, “Very good, Dr. Meng is doing very well over there.”
Bai Tianyu heard a faint sigh of relief from Huo Sheng before he quickly changed the topic.
“You mentioned yesterday that there’s an Awakened person over there who’s stronger than you. Can you tell me in detail what’s going on?”
Bai Tianyu immediately perked up as he spoke of Lu Ming.
“That person is indeed stronger than me, undoubtedly an Awakened who is Level 4 or above.”
Huo Sheng shook his head abruptly. “That’s impossible.”
This was because the advancement of an Awakened individual required zombie crystals of the same level. According to current observations, the number of known Tyrants was not enough to support a Level 4 Awakened.
Hearing Huo Sheng’s words, Bai Tianyu pondered for a moment and said, “I also chatted with Dr. Meng Jie about Lu Ming. Meng Jie told me that she had been observing Lu Ming for a long time and discovered something strange.
“She had never seen Lu Ming take any corpse crystals. And Lu Ming would exercise and train every day without fail.
“She speculated that Mr. Lu Ming’s level might still be Level 3, but his superpower was relatively unique. He could increase his physical strength through training and exercise, and this enhancement might have no limit.”
Huo Sheng thought about it carefully and nodded. “That’s more likely.”
After saying that, Huo Sheng could not help but sigh. “What a terrifying superpower…”
Bai Tianyu was not convinced. “My superpower is not bad either. It’s not necessarily inferior to Lu Ming’s superpower.”
Huo Sheng shook his head and said, “No, your superpower is much inferior to Mr. Lu. I don’t know if you’ve noticed something, but after an Awakened advances, his physical strength will increase significantly.”
Bai Tianyu was well aware of this.
“And this increase is doubled, doubling their original strength! It means that the stronger the awakened individual’s physical strength was originally, the stronger he becomes after leveling up.
“Let’s say you and Mr. Lu are both Level 3 Awakened, but his physical strength is 100, while yours is 50. After both of you advance to Level 4, your physical strength is 100, while Lu Ming’s physical strength is 200! This difference will only become greater as the levels increase. How can you compare with him?”
Bai Tianyu opened his mouth, wanting to refute, but he could not find a counter -argument.
After a moment, Bai Tianyu stretched and yawned. “Well, it’s better to have a monster like him appearing among humans than you always pinning your hopes on me alone…”
Bai Tianyu remained calm.
Huo Sheng, on the other hand, entered a contemplative state. “You mentioned that Meng Jie did not want to come back because she wanted to observe Mr. Lu Ming… Now, I think Meng Jie’s decision is very reasonable. If we can decipher the root of Mr. Lu Ming’s superpower, perhaps we will have hope of overcoming this disaster.
“However, until now, I haven’t figured out the root of these superpowers. I only know that it’s related to a mysterious factor, but the research on this mysterious factor has reached a deadlock… How should we proceed?”
Huo Sheng began chanting a spell.
Bai Tianyu couldn’t understand his mumbling at all.
Knowing that Huo Sheng had entered his work mode, Bai Tianyu decided not to listen anymore.
He turned his head to look out the car window, but unexpectedly he caught a glimpse of a faint gaze from one of the nearby buildings, seemingly directed at him.
Frowning, Bai Tianyu wanted to trace the source of that gaze, but the car was moving too fast and making a turn, leaving the gaze behind within seconds.
Shaking his head gently, Bai Tianyu muttered softly, “It was probably just an illusion.”
In the building that the convoy had just passed.
On the third floor.
As she watched the convoy gradually disappear into the distance, Xu Rufang drew the curtains.
She was a middle-aged woman, around 40 years old.
She had a bulky figure, plain features, and rough skin.
Overall, she was just an ordinary person.
However, even ordinary people have their extraordinary aspects.
On the second day of the apocalypse, Xu Rufang had a high fever. After the fever subsided, she unexpectedly discovered that her physical strength had significantly increased. At the same time, she had a special ability.
She had become Awakened!
Of course, Xu Rufang herself did not know the term ‘awakened.’
She did not really care much about this.
Compared to being an Awakened one, Xu Rufang had more important things to do.
After drawing the curtains, Xu Rufang turned around and looked into the house. After being in a daze for a moment, she muttered softly, “It’s time to make breakfast.
“Yes, it’s time to make breakfast… Otherwise, my son will be hungry…”
As if she had gone crazy, Xu Rufang mumbled to herself while making her way to the kitchen.
Unlike the other clean and tidy areas in the house, the kitchen was in a mess. There were blood stains everywhere, and the house was filled with the pungent smell of blood.
However, Xu Rufang turned a blind eye to it. She simply went to the chopping board and picked up the kitchen knife.
She raised the knife with her right hand and placed her left hand on the chopping board…
“Crack!”.
The knife fell and her hand was severed!
A shocking scene unfolded…
Xu Rufang’s wound quickly healed and stopped bleeding. At the same time, bone stubble and flesh buds kept growing out of the wound. In just five minutes, the severed hand had completely regrown.
Satisfied with what she saw, Xu Rufang smiled contentedly.
She placed the severed hand on a plate and held it up, walking towards the second bedroom.
Standing at the doorway, Xu Rufang called softly, “Son, it’s time to eat.”
A sound came from the bedroom.
A rustling sound, as if insects were crawling.
Soon, the bedroom door was opened from the inside.
A fleshy tentacle protruded from the door and coiled around the plate.
At the right moment, Xu Rufang released her grip, watching as the tentacle swept the plate into the room. The doting look in her eyes was as sweet as sugar. Xu Rufang whispered, “Lianjie, if it’s not enough, tell Mom and I’ll cut more for you.”
Then, a hoarse voice came from the room, sounding like a terminally ill patient choking on phlegm.
“It’s a bit insufficient, Mom. I need more…”
“Okay, I will go and cut more for you.”
Xu Rufang turned around and returned to the kitchen.
A faint voice came from the second bedroom again. “Thank you, Mom..”


CHAPTER-67
Chapter 67: Huo Sheng’s Visit

Reconstruction of the post-war Guangping Street gathering place had not been completed yet
When Bai Tianyu and his group arrived at Good Hope Village, all they saw was a scene of devastation, with only a few buildings still intact.
However, it was easy to sec that the people here had a vitality on their faces, rather than the common look of despair in the apocalypse. This meant that they were optimistic about this place and the future.
The person responsible for receiving Huo Sheng and Bai Tianyu was Zhang Lixin.
At the first sight of Zhang Lixin, even before Bai Tianyu could speak, Huo Sheng anxiously asked, ‘Where is Meng Jie?1’
After giving Bai Tianyu a military salute, Zhang Lixin cast a strange look at Huo Sheng and said, r‘Dr. Meng is in her own research lab?1
Huo Sheng nodded and calmly said, “Dr. Meng’s research is very important for humanity. 1 would like to see her. Is it convenient now?”
Zhang Lixin thought for a moment and nodded.
After instructing a survivor to bring Huo Sheng to see Mong Jie, Zhang Lixin looked up at Bai Tianyu.
“Is that Dr. Huo Sheng?”
A faint smile appeared on Bai Tianyu’s square face.
“Yes.”
“Is he Sister Meng’s admirer?”
Judging by his attitude, it seemed like it…
Bai Tianyu shook his head and said, “Not a suitor, but her ex-husband.”
Zhang Lixin said in realization, “Ex-husband? The remarriage brother?”
He had already imagined a big show in his mind.
Bai Tianyu laughed helplessly and said, “Yes and no… In any case, the relationship between these two is quite complicated, it’s hard to say who’s right and who’s wrong. So they will mind their own business, and we will mind ours.”
As he spoke, Bai Tianyu walked in the direction of Lu Ming’s house and said, “Let’s go, take me to see Brother Lu Ming.”
The last time he came, he did not got a chance to meet Lu Ming and chat with him. This time, Bai Tianyu would not miss the opportunity for anything.
Huo Sheng was led by a survivor to Meng Jie’s homo and laboratory.
After knocking on the door and hearing Meng Jie’s voice from inside, Huo Sheng opened the door and entered the house.
He could see that the furnishings inside the house were simple, even bordering on crude, with the remains of the two Tyrants and the corpses of several other zombies.
The entire room was filled with a foul, even causing Huo Sheng, an old scientist, to frown.
On the other hand, Meng Jie was focused on dissecting the Tyrants and seemed unaware of Huo Sheng’s arrival.
Huo Sheng remained silent and slowly walked over to the laboratory table.
After waiting for about five minutes, when Meng Jie put down the equipment, Huo Sheng finally spoke, “Thank you for your hard work.”
This was not only about the hard work of the experimental conditions, but also referred to Meng Jie’s hardships as a lone survivor in the post-apocalyptic world. Zhang Lixin was speechless.
Only at this moment did Meng Jie look up at Huo Sheng, her eyes devoid of any particular brilliance, and calmly said, “The muscle tissues of the Tyrants are stronger than ordinary Level 3 Awakened. Their stomachs have undergone further mutations or, rather, evolution, allowing them to easily digest the flesh and blood containing mysterious factors
“I speculate that the Tyrants might be even hungrier and crazily hunt down the Awakened or even ordinary survivors.”
Huo Sheng was taken aback by her businesslike attitude.
However, he was not someone who knew how to sweet-talk women, in the first place, otherwise, he and Meng Jie would not have reached this point today.
After a moment of thought, Huo Sheng heaved a long sigh.
“Compared to humans, zombies have a great advantage. For human Awakened individuals to advance, they need the zombie crystals from zombies of the same level. But for zombies to advance, they don’t need the flesh and blood of Awakened humans of the same level. Even low-level Awakened humans and ordinary humans can promote the evolution of zombies…”
After speaking, Huo Sheng forced a bitter smile, “I even have this feeling that zombies arc the more perfect human form and the future of humanity.”
Meng Jie said, “No, they’re not the future. They’re just a group of ugly monsters.1‘
As she spoke, she picked up a test tube on the table.
There was 50ml of blood sealed in the test tube.
Handing the test tube to Huo Sheng, Meng Jie said, “This is Lu Ming’s blood.”
“1 really don’t have the means here to analyze Lu Ming’s blood, so I’m giving it to you. Believe me, this is the future of our human race.”
Huo Sheng was speechless.
After a moment, he said, “Take me to sec him. then.”
Lu Ming was exercising.
The morning had always been Lu Ming’s exercise time, and this would not change under any circumstances.
When Meng Jie and Huo Sheng arrived at Lu Ming’s house, they saw Bai Tianyu, Zhang Lixin, Zhang Chengchcng, Wang Xiong, and the protagonist himself, Lu Ming.
Under the weight of loox gravity, Lu Ming was doing push-ups.
Those intertwined muscles silently portrayed the absolute power that its owner possessed!
It was already half past 10.
Today’s workout was about to come to an end.
Only after Zhang Chengcheng canceled the gravity field and took a brief rest to prepare dinner did the day’s exercise officially conclude.
Fitness was upgraded from Lvi2 (1150/1200) to Lvl3 (280/1300).
This meant that Lu Ming would obtain an additional 0.1 points in all three attributes from his daily exercise.
As a result, Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Name: Lu Ming
Strength: 86.2 (88) f-
Physique: 86.9 (88.7) f.
Agility: 108.8 (110.4) t*
It was another day filled with power!”
After his exercise ended, Lu Ming noticed that there were quite a few strangers around him.
This made Lu Ming feel somewhat uncomfortable.
He turned around and was about to head back home when he heard Meng Jie’s voice.
“Little Lu, there arc a few people you have to meet.”
Lu Ming did not interact much with Meng Jie.
However, Lu Ming had great respect for Mong Jie.
He had always respected intellectuals, especially those who had made contributions. Without them, there would be no progress in society, and there would be no good life for ordinary people in the pre-apocalyptic world.
Upon hearing Mong Jie speak, Lu Ming thought for a moment and stopped. He smiled at Meng Jie, Huo Sheng, and Bai Tianyu. He listened as Meng Jie introduced, “This is Huo Sheng, Dr. Huo, from the official shelter, and this is Bai Tianyu, Mr. Bai, who helped us last time.1‘
Lu Ming nodded. “Hello to both of you.”
With that, he turned and walked back toward his home.
This time, Meng Jie did not ask him to stay.
Watching Lu Ming walk away, Meng Jie turned to the bewildered Huo Sheng and Bai Tianyu and said, “You’ve met him. Is there anything else?11
Huo Sheng: “???”
Bai Tianyu:”???”
Wfaafs going on?
Huo Sheng could not help but smile bitterly, “This meeting was too brief.”
The only response he received was Meng Jie’s disdainful glance.
Meng Jie muttered, “Little Lu doesn’t like to interact with people, and what he doesn’t like is strictly prohibited here. If he greets you, he has already given me a lot of face. So, do you still want to have a heart-to-heart conversation with him?”
Huo Sheng wanted to say that he really wanted to have a heart-to-heart conversation with Lu Ming, but after some thought, he swallowed those words.
Just then, Wang Xiong approached with a smile, “If there’s anything you need, you can talk to me. I can decide on most matters, and if there’s something I can’t decide, I’ll consult with Brother Lu.”
Bai Tianyu nodded in understanding—he had received the same treatment last time.
On the other hand, Huo Sheng scratched his grayish-white hair.
He could not help but mutter, “Weirdo…”


CHAPTER-68
Chapter 68: The Slingshot Points to the Pure Land!

No matter what, this was the rule of the Guangping Street gathering place. There was no need to break this rule because of anyone’s special identity.
It was mainly because Lu Ming had his own rhythm of life, and everyone on Guangping Street was unwilling to disturb his rhythm.
Helpless, Huo Sheng could only talk to Wang Xiong.
And what they talked about was nothing more than what Bai Tianyu and Wang Xiong had talked about previously.
“The Circle of Survivors can also be called the Human Defense Circle.”
Huo Sheng set the tone, and Bai Tianyu took out a map and spread it out in front of Wang Xiong.
Then, while pointing to the map, Bai Tianyu said, “This is the official shelter with nearly 60,000 survivors. This is the gathering place of Guangping Street with less than 100 survivors.”
The two locations were more than 10 kilometers apart. It was indeed not far, but it was not considered close in the apocalypse.
Then, Bai Tianyu took out a carbon pen and drew an ellipse with the official shelter and the Guangping Street gathering place as the apex.
“And this area is the safe zone we have agreed upon.”
The elliptical area was not large, totaling only a few hundred square kilometers. But such an area was indeed sufficient to sustain 60,000 survivors.
“Furthermore, there are also water plants and power plants within this area. By securing them, we no longer have to worry about water and electricity.
“Apart from that, there’s also an agricultural zone. It is quite simple; we can grow crops on rooftops, or if necessary, construct some greenhouse shelters to solve the food problem.
“However, the key issue is security.”
This area, not too big nor too small, was completely exposed with no cover or fortifications from any direction. To protect such a safe zone, the amount of manpower required was unimaginable.
While Wang Xiong was contemplating, he heard Huo Sheng say with a smile, “Actually, we have also considered the safety problem. Initially, this problem seemed impossible to solve, but Mr. Lu Ming’s presence has shown me the possibility of establishing a safe zone.”
With a serious expression, Huo Sheng continued, “Mr. Lu seems to favor using a slingshot, right?”
Wang Xiong nodded. “Yes.”
Anyway, he had observed that Lu Ming frequently used a slingshot.
“May I ask one more question? How far can Mr. Lu shoot with his slingshot?”
Wang Xiong chuckled. “That depends on the material of the slingshot and how high Brother Lu stands.”
Wang Xiong believed that Lu Ming was extremely skilled with the slingshot.
Precise and powerful.
However, the maximum shooting power depended on the slingshot itself—the Hunter Slingshot could no longer fully unleash Lu Ming’s capabilities.
And the shooting position (shooting height) determined Lu Ming’s field of vision—after all, you could not expect Lu Ming to hit a target that he could not even see.
After Wang Xiong finished speaking, Zhang Lixin beside him immediately said, “I can solve the slingshot problem. With the remains of the Tyrant, I can definitely make a better slingshot for Brother Lu.”
Huo Sheng added, “And the issue of height can also be resolved.”
With that, he pointed at the conspicuous watchtower outside the window, “Look, isn’t that the solution?”
“So what I’m thinking is that the defense system of the entire safe zone will rely completely on Mr. Lu Ming to build!
“We’ll build a high tower, a tower that can overlook the entire city, with Mr. Lu Ming standing at the top.”
Standing by the window, Huo Sheng looked out with enthusiasm and spoke in a high-spirited tone!
“He is the light on the lighthouse!
“He’s the guardian of all survivors!
“Within his range lies the safe zone for the survivors!
“Wherever his slingshot point points becomes a pure land!”
He spoke eloquently.
It even got Wang Xiong and the others excited.
But after the excitement subsided, countless questions arose…
“The high tower can be built easily. With Li Zitong’s presence, we can build a tower of any height. It’s just a matter of time.”
“But Brother Lu can’t possibly stand guard on the tower day and night… He has his own daily routine.”
“He exercises in the morning, takes a nap at noon, and in the afternoon and evening, he’s usually free. But recently, he’s become obsessed with marksmanship and resistance stance training, and he also goes to bed early…”
This issue did not come as a surprise to Huo Sheng. Lu Ming was also a human, and like any human, he needed to eat and sleep.
Huo Sheng smiled and said, “That’s why we can’t rely solely on Mr. Lu Ming for security issues. He’s the core, but not the entirety. The remaining issues need to be addressed through the collective efforts of each of us.”
“Then there’s another issue.” Zhang Lixin hesitated before speaking, “Although Brother Lu isn’t afraid of heights, he cares a lot about his safety. The height of the tower can’t be raised indefinitely. At most, it can only be maintained at the height where Brother Lu Ming can jump from the top of the tower and land safely.”
Huo Sheng’s face stiffened. “Can’t we make the tower more sturdy?”
Zhang Lixin shook his head and said, “It’s not about the sturdiness. It’s purely a psychological issue.”
This made Huo Sheng smile wryly. “Then we’ll raise it bit by bit. The stronger Lu Ming becomes, the higher the tower will be, and eventually, it will meet our needs.”
Meng Jie spoke again, “Where do you want to build this tower?”
Huo Sheng pointed to the map. “At the center of the safe zone.”
Meng Jie immediately shook her head. “That won’t do.”
Huo Sheng was taken aback. “Why not?”
The few people at the gathering place on Guangping Street exchanged glances, and Wang Xiong said, “Brother Lu has a rule. Unless absolutely necessary, he won’t go too far from home.
“And having him guard the tower clearly doesn’t meet the ‘absolutely necessary’ condition.”
Huo Sheng remained silent.
He felt strange, but he was unable to pinpoint the problem.
After a long silence, Huo Sheng let out a tired sigh. “Forget it. Let’s just build the tower here. We should discuss the next topic.
“Let’s talk about clearing the zombies within the safe zone.”
Huo Sheng and the others spent the entire afternoon at Wang Xiong’s house, engaged in discussion.
Lu Ming did not care much about what they were discussing.
After all, Lu Ming had his own pace.
In the afternoon, during spear practice, Zhao Yongchun and Zhao Honglei took turns sparring with Lu Ming. This made Lu Ming’s proficiency in basic spearmanship and cold weapon combat increase rapidly.
After Zhang Chengcheng finished cooking dinner, Lu Ming’s basic
Spearmanship had already reached Lv5 (124/500), and his three-dimensional abilities had increased by 0.4+0.5!
At the same time, his cold weapon combat level remarkably broke through to Level 11(55/1100)!
Strength and stamina increased by 1.1 points each.
As a result, Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Strength: 90
Physique: 90.7
Agility: 111.3
After enjoying the meal prepared by Zhang Chengcheng, Lu Ming glanced at the time and realized that even if he did not have to cook, just eating took him a whole hour…
As his strength grew, his appetite became increasingly monstrous.
After finishing the meal and taking a short rest, Lu Ming prepared to practice the resistance stance.
But he saw Wang Xiong, Huo Sheng, and the others coming out of the house.
He nodded slightly towards Huo Sheng and Bai Tianyu from a distance, acknowledging their presence, and then he began his stance training.
Huo Sheng and the others did not disturb Lu Ming.
After they drove away, Wang Xiong approached Lu Ming.
Wang Xiong roughly explained the conversation just now. Perhaps seeing that Lu Ming was not interested, Wang Xiong finished briefly and did not talk about it anymore.
He simply watched Lu Ming, who was diligently training, and silently thought to himself.
That’s right, nothing else matters. There’s only one thing Brother Lu needs to do.
Become stronger.
That’s enough.
And this was what Lu Ming had always insisted on.
Wang Xiong could not help but marvel at Lu Ming’s clear goal.
He knew exactly what he needed most.
And he also knew what he should do.
It was such wisdom and determination.
Wang Xiong was full of admiration in his heart. That1 s my Brother Lu..


CHAPTER-69
Chapter 69: Untitled

Day 48 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Friday.
Huo Sheng and Bai Tianyu came to visit yesterday and left in the evening.
Wang Xiong told me that he had already reached an agreement with the official shelter, and he explained the details of the agreement to me, but I only got a rough idea.
Because those are all unimportant things.
I can be sure that I don’t possess any leadership abilities, nor do I have a big-picture perspective. My abilities are limited, and when it comes to matters of development and construction, I feel that I shouldn’t get involved.
There’s only one thing I need to do—farm my attributes and become stronger!
Strength gives me a sense of security.
Therefore, there’s nothing more important than increasing my strength.
This afternoon, Wang Xiong left with Li Zitong, Zhang Lixin, and Zhao
Honglei. I heard that he went out to clear the zombies.
Zhang Chengcheng told me that from today onwards, the official shelter and our side are prepared to mobilize manpower to eliminate all the zombies within the safe zone.
It’s quite a massive project, but I won’t get involved.
Today’s attribute record:
Name: Lu Ming
Strength: 92.4
Physique: 93.1
Agility: 113.7
Free Attribute Points: 3
Fitness Lvi3 (700/1300)
Slingshot Lv21 (1345/2100)
Crossbow Shooting Lvi5 (312/1500)
Archery Lvi5 (788/1500)
Gun Shooting Lv5 (45/500)
Unarmed Combat Lv20 (362/2000).
Cold Weapon Combat Lvli (488/1100)
Basic Spearmanship Lv6 (34/600)
Throw Lv6 (152/600)
Resistance Stance Lv2 (37/200)
It’s worth mentioning that although the Resistance Stance gives a considerable number of attribute points, it is relatively challenging to practice, and progress is a bit slow… but there’s nothing I can do about it.
I haven’t figured out how to use the 3 free attribute points I accumulated, so I’ll keep them for now.
Apocalypse Calendar, 49th day, Saturday.”
Today, I learned from Zhao Yongchun the ultimate move of the Zhao Family’s Spear—Cold Light.
The Cold Light is a special technique that uses the power generated from the Resistance Stance to thrust the spear, significantly increasing the speed and power of the attack.
I’m already proficient in the Resistance Stance. Because of this, I grasped the Cold Light technique very quickly. About half an hour later, I mastered Cold Light’s force delivery technique. Zhao Yongchun was amazed and said that I was a genius.
But, I know that I’m not a genius. Other than the system’s help, the key to my progress lies in persistent perseverance and rigorous training, akin to that of an ascetic monk!
Of course, I don’t find it to be a hardship. The feeling of becoming stronger every day makes me happy.
By the way, the system did not record the Cold Light skill. Perhaps, from the system’s perspective, Zhao’s family spear skill—Cold Light—is not considered a skill, but rather an advanced technique combining spear technique and the Resistance Stance.
But the good news is that practicing the Cold Light can quickly increase the proficiency of the basic spearmanship and the Resistance Stance—yesterday, I said that it was difficult to practice the Resistance Stance, but today, I found a solution.
It’s all thanks to me!
Today’s attribute record: (omitted)…
Day 50 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Sunday.
The days sometimes feel slow and sometimes fast, but every day is so fulfilling! 
Today, I leveled up without any incidents.
The Fitness skill has been upgraded again, reaching Level 14 (88/1400).
Today’s attribute record: (omitted)…
“Day 51 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Monday.”
“Today was uneventful as well.”
Today’s attribute record: (omitted)…
Day 52 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Tuesday.
I was on a whim today, and I asked Zhang Lixin for a sniper rifle.
In the afternoon, I stood on the observation deck which was raised to 70 meters again, and shot at the zombies.
I’ve always firmly believed that every zombie I kill now means eliminating a future tyrant! The fewer zombies, the better! The fewer of these things, the safer I’ll be!
Not to mention that it allows me to increase my proficiency in firearms shooting—it’s killing two birds with one stone!
Today’s attribute record: (omitted)…
Day 53 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Wednesday.
Day 55 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Friday.
Day 58 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Monday.
A week later.
Day 65 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Monday.
In the afternoon, after lunch break, Lu Ming opened his attribute panel.
The attributes on it had already changed drastically since 17 days ago.
Name: Lu Ming
Strength: 171.7
Physique: 172.4
Agility: 203.4
Free Attribute Points: 45
Fitness Lvi7 (1100/1700)
Slingshot Lv24 (888/2400)
Crossbow Shooting Lvl8 (321/1800)
Archery Lvi9 (621/1900)
Gun Shooting Lvi7 (510/100)
Unarmed Combat Lv24 (65/2400)
Cold Weapon Combat Lv20 (333/2000)
Basic Spearmanship Lv20 (1135/2000)
Throw Lvio (515/1000)
Resistance Stance Lv9 (0/900)
He got out of bed and went to the mirror.
A humanoid figure nearly two meters tall appeared in the mirror.
Lu Ming was not wearing pajamas because the original pajamas were already too small to fit his body.
He was only wearing shorts.
Looking at the mirror, he saw that the person in the mirror was two meters tall, with muscles that were entangled like old tree roots covering the surface of his body, like a firm bronze armor.
His facial features were sculpted and resolute, masculine yet gentle.
After gazing at himself in the mirror for a long time, Lu Ming grinned and said, “Great, full of strength!”
The sudden increase in height and strong muscles meant combat strength!
In Lu Ming’s perspective, combat strength could be equated with beauty.
As Lu Ming dressed, he pondered another challenging problem…
Zhang Chengcheng’s Gravity superpower could not keep up with Lu Ming’s progress.
Regarding this matter, Lu Ming had already discussed it with Zhang Chengcheng, Wang Xiong, and the others yesterday.
For a Level 3 Awakened to advance further, they needed Tier 3 Corpse Crystals—specifically, the Corpse Crystals of the Tyrant.
However, during this period of time, they did not encounter many Tyrants here or in the official shelter. They encountered only five of them and killed two, obtaining two Level 3 zombie crystals.
Even with the reserves, it was still not enough for Zhang Chengcheng to advance to a Level 4 Awakened.
The situation was stuck in a stalemate.
Wang Xiong said that he had already talked to Huo Sheng. During this period of time, everyone would prioritize hunting Tyrants and collecting Level 3 zombie crystals.
Lu Ming could only express his gratitude and quietly wait.
As soon as he walked out of the house, many voices reached his ears.
“Brother Lu.”
“Hello, Brother Lu!”
“Brother Lu!
As people passed by outside the door and saw Lu Ming, they all smiled and greeted him.
During this period of time, Lu Ming had also become accustomed to such a scene. After politely nodding and responding with a smile, he stepped forward and arrived in front of the nearby observation tower.
After more than 10 days of expansion, the observation tower had reached a height of 150 meters. Lu Ming tried it and found that even when free-falling from this height, he could land without injury, which gave him the confidence to climb to the top of the tower.
There was a ladder on the tower. Lu Ming took a big leap and quickly climbed to the height of 150 meters, standing at the top of the tower, gazing into the distance with an unobstructed view..


CHAPTER-70
Chapter 70: Level 4

The wind on the top of the tower was a bit strong.
But for Lu Ming, it was just a gentle breeze, not worth mentioning.
He looked around.
From there, he could see the entire gathering place of Guangping Street, with people bustling about like ants.
There were a lot more people.
Apart from the original survivors, most of them had migrated from the official shelter.
At this moment, the defense system in the gathering place of Guangping Street was set up again. It was even stronger than before—but it was evident that it still could not stop the zombie tide.
In order to resist the zombie tide, defense fortifications were not the main focus. The main focus still lay on the combat strength of the Awakened.
But all things considered, it was better than nothing.
Moreover, there had not been large-scale outbreak of the zombie tide during this period of time, otherwise, Lu Ming would not have to worry about the Tyrant’s crystals.
He looked further into the distance.
He could see that the streets outside were sparsely populated by zombies, not forming a significant scale.
According to Huo Sheng’s suggestion, beyond Guangping Street’s gathering place, it was no longer within the safe zone. In other words, this place was the outpost for the survivors to resist the zombies.
Every day, Lu Ming would find time to climb up the observation tower, and he would show no mercy to any zombies that appeared within his field of view.
He could kill them with a slingshot! That was how ruthless he was!
This resulted in the number of zombies nearby to decrease.
However, there were always brainless zombies who would be guided by sound and wander in this direction. In general, there was no shortage of live targets.
Picking up the Tyrant slingshot beside him, Lu Ming pulled back the bowstring and shot. After a scries of crisp sounds, the zombie turned into an exercise in slingshot proficiency. Lu Ming then turned his head to look behind him.
The most eye-catching thing behind him was undoubtedly the tower that appeared when the apocalypse came.
That was the real symbol.
It was also filled with mystery.
It was said that even now, Huo Sheng still did not know what role that tower played and what significance it had.
Not far below the tower was the official shelter.
With the delineation of the safe zone, the military and Wang Xiong’s group began clearing the zombies within the safe zone.
Lu Ming would also shoot out from time to time to turn zombies into skill proficiency.
A dozen days had passed, and it was evident that the cleanup efforts were quite effective.
At least in the safe zone behind, Lu Ming could only see human survivors and military vehicles passing by; he couldn’t see any zombies appearing on the streets.
“But we can’t let our guard down!”
After muttering to himself, Lu Ming picked up the sniper rifle.
Holding the gun in a standard position, he aimed. Lu Ming stood tall like an eagle, and the safe zone was his territory.
There was a loud “bang”.
A gunshot rang out.
It was the sound of a sniper rifle.
Bai Tianyu in the military vehicle could see that in a tall building not far away, the glass on the 18th floor suddenly shattered. Immediately after, a headless zombie fell freely from the sky and crashed onto the desolate street.
Beside him, a young soldier smiled and said, “It must be Brother Lu on duty.”
Another valiant female soldier’s eyes were filled with stars. Nodding her head, she said, “It must be Brother Lu. Only Brother Lu can see so far and shoot so accurately.”
Listening to his subordinates flattering Lu Ming, Bai Tianyu felt a little upset…
Before Lu Ming showed up, these were all his bootlickers.
Why are you guys changing sides now?
It feels like being NTRed…
Clearing his throat, Bai Tianyu regained his composure and said, “Be serious, knowing that Brother Lu is amazing is enough. Even if you praise him, he can’t hear it.”
The young soldiers giggled.
“Colonel Bai, are you jealous?”
“Colonel Bai is also awesome, although a little inferior to Brother Lu…”
“Brother Bai, Brother Bai, have you ever fought with Brother Lu? Do you think you can withstand a few moves in front of Brother Lu…”
Bai Tianyu looked helpless.
These soldiers were all recruited later from among the survivors.
If they were his original soldiers, Bai Tianyu would have punished them by making them run 20 kilometers with the vehicle’s speed…
Amidst the noisy chatter, the three military vehicles stopped at the entrance of Linting Residential District.
Soldiers on duty approached and reported the situation.
 
Our captain smelled the stench of zombies in this district.”
“The smell is very intense, so our captain suspects that there are high-level zombies here.”
Estimated to be a Level 3 Tyrant.”
Hearing the words Level 3 Tyrant, Bai Tianyu narrowed his eyes.
“Where’s your captain?”
I’m over here.
At the side, a young man in military uniform walked over quickly. Seeing this person, Bai Tianyu asked, “Can you confirm that it’s a Tyrant?”
The Awakened soldier shook his head hesitantly. “I’m not sure, because I’ve never smelled a Tyrant before. However, that stench is much stronger than that of a Hunter.”
The young man’s name was Lin Bai, a Level 1 Awakened, but his awakened ability was quite mediocre, it was an enhancement of his sense of smell.
Speaking of which, Awakened Superpower could vary greatly. Just as there were powerful abilities like Zhang Chengcheng’s, there were also weak abilities like Lin Bai’s.
Back to the main topic.
Lin Bai’s enhanced sense of smell could greatly amplify his sense of smell, allowing him to easily detect the putrid odor of zombies.
Due to his status as an awakened individual and the unique nature of his superpower, Lin Bai’s daily task was to search for zombies in buildings, residential areas, and corners..
This task was important but not too challenging. Once the location of the zombies was determined, Lin Bai could gather other combat teams to eliminate them.
This afternoon, Lin Bai led his team to the Linting Residential District and immediately detected a strong putrid smell upon entering the area.
He quickly reported the situation and Bai Tianyu was directly called in by his superiors—The team led by Bai Tianyu was currently the strongest team in the safe zone.
“Let’s go and take a look.”
Without another word, Bai Tianyu walked straight into the Linting District. Behind him, Bai Tianyu’s team and Lin Bai followed closely.
With Lin Bai leading the way, the group soon arrived at Building No. 3.
“This is it. The source of the stench is here. Other than that, there’s also a very strong smell of blood.”
As Lin Bai spoke, he covered his mouth and nose. The odor in this place made him dizzy.
Seeing this, Bai Tianyu didn’t hesitate and opened the unit door, stepping inside.
As he ascended the stairs, Bai Tianyu loudly proclaimed, “Is anyone there?
We’re from the authorities and we’ve come to search for survivors!
Is anyone there?”
The voice echoed through the surroundings.
It was not really to search for survivors. The main purpose was to attract the attention of the zombies with the sound.
Unfortunately, there was no response.
When Bai Tianyu reached the third floor, he abruptly stopped.
Even without Lin Bai, he could smell the bloody scent emanating from behind the door.
Even the powerful hearing brought about by his powerful physique allowed Bai Tianyu to faintly hear the intense heartbeat.
“It’s a living person…”
Muttering to himself, Bai Tianyu narrowed his eyes.
Approaching the door, he thought for a moment and then knocked.
“Please open the door. We’re official personnel.
“Open the door, please.”
The survivors inside did not respond.
Bai Tianyu did not waste any time. “I’ll count to three.”
“Three.”
“Two.”
“Click!
With both hands, Bai Tianyu forcefully gripped the door frame. Just as he counted to two, he used his strength to pry the security door off completely.
A woman’s cry of surprise came from inside.
Bai Tianyu swung open the security door and focused his gaze. He saw a middle-aged woman looking at him with a panicked expression..


CHAPTER-71
Chapter 71: Level 4 (2)

“Madam, what’s your name?”
“Xu… Xu Rufang…”
“The smell of blood in your house is very strong. Did something happen?”
Xu Rufang quickly shook her head and said uneasily, “No, nothing happened.”
After saying that, she vaguely glanced at the door of the second bedroom and quickly said, “There is no problem here. Please leave.”
Xu Rufang’s attitude had already made the situation clear.
It was the apocalypse!
When survivors saw people in military uniforms, they might cry, doubt, or seek help. However, they would not ask the soldiers to get lost quickly!
Bai Tianyu squinted his eyes and slowly scanned Xu Rufang.
He could clearly see that Xu Rufang’s clothes were stained in blood.
However, it could not be her own blood—because Xu Rufang was obviously not injured.
Bai Tianyu’s first reaction was… this was a villain! She might kill people for fun or even for food! Otherwise, there was no way to explain the bloodstains on her body!
His gaze then drifted to the second bedroom.
Bai Tianyu walked towards the second bedroom and said, “Madam, I have to inspect your house. Rest assured, I won’t wrong any good person, but I won’t let any bad person off either!”
Because this was the duty of a guardian.
In fact, deep down, Bai Tianyu had already classified Xu Rufang as a bad person—but it still needed to be verified.
As Bai Tianyu slowly approached the second bedroom, Xu Rufang became visibly anxious.
She was just an ordinary housewife, and in her panic, her brain overloaded….
“I told you to leave immediately. Nothing had happened in my house!”
As she spoke, she rushed forward, intending to hug Bai Tianyu from behind.
Bai Tianyu dodged Xu Rufang’s hug and clenched his fists. He turned his head and said coldly, “I could consider you to have attacked me, and therefore, I have the right to defend myself! I don’t want the situation to escalate to the worst possible outcome, so Madam, please stop resisting and confess!”
Xu Rufang froze on the spot.
Her brains and experience alone were not enough to deal with the situation in front of her.
A voice suddenly came from the second bedroom behind Bai Tianyu.
“Mom, what’s happening?”
As soon as he finished speaking, Bai Tianyu abruptly turned his head towards the second bedroom, and Xu Rufang’s face was filled with panic.
Amidst this tense atmosphere, the door of the second bedroom slowly opened, emitting a foul smell, and a frail figure slowly walked out.
The person who walked out of the second bedroom appeared to be an ordinary and unremarkable individual.
He was around 18 or 19 years old, just coming of age, with a light yellow dyed punk hairstyle, a skinny body like a bamboo pole, and average facial features resembling Xu Rufang to some extent.
He was wearing light green pajamas, with large stains on the pajamas, as if they had been soaked in mud, and emitting an indescribable strange odor.
Seeing her son, Xu Rufang’s expression froze for a moment, then she said with a complicated expression, “Lian… Lian Jie… This is… This is…”
“He’s a soldier, right?”
The young man named Lian Jie smiled politely at Bai Tianyu. “Hello, I’m Lian Jie…”
Bai Tianyu’s brows slowly relaxed. He raised his hand and pointed at the second bedroom. “Is that your room?”
Lian Jie nodded and said, “Yes.
“I was resting just now. Perhaps my mother didn’t want you to disturb my rest, so she didn’t let you in. I admit that my mother’s behavior is indeed a little strange, but I think it’s because she’s under a lot of pressure and is overly protective of me…”
As he spoke, Lian Jie turned sideways and opened the door, revealing the dim and dark second bedroom.
He smiled and said to Bai Tianyu, “Are you still planning to come in and take a look?”
Bai Tianyu pondered for a moment and shook his head. “No, since there’s nothing wrong, I’ll leave now.”
With that, Bai Tianyu turned around and left.
Seeing Bai Tianyu turn around and leave the house, Xu Rufang heaved a sigh of relief.
In her opinion, she had managed to fool him this time.
But she did not notice that Lian Jie was staring intently at Bai Tianyu’s back, his eyes slowly flickering with red light.
As Bai Tianyu walked away, his muscles remained tense. He appeared calm as he left but remained vigilant at all times.
Lian Jie suddenly spoke, “Mr. Soldier…”
“Ah?”
“You noticed, didn’t you?”
“Hmm?”
Bai Tianyu turned to look at Lian Jie, his eyebrows raised, wearing a puzzled expression.
But Lian Jie smiled mysteriously, “I have no heartbeat!”
The atmosphere suddenly froze.
Linting Community, in the community square.
Lin Bai and the others formed a battle formation, surrounded Building 3, waiting for Bai Tianyu’s command before swarming forward to deal with the zombies.
However, they did not hear anything for a long time from Bai Tianyu who was inside the building.
They could only continue to wait.
Until a loud “boom” suddenly came from the third floor.
The wall exploded, and a faint red figure broke through the wall, crashing out of the building and landing steadily on the ground.
It was Bai Tianyu.
At this moment, Bai Tianyu’s height had already increased to about 2.3 meters. His muscular body was even bursting out of the military uniform, with intertwined muscles on his bare upper body, displaying a light red color!
This was Bai Tianyu’s superpower—Blood Boiling!
There were no fancy effects. The effect of this superpower was simple. It doubled the physical qualities when activated.
But often, the simpler the effect, the more overwhelming the combat power!
Just as he landed and stabilized himself, Bai Tianyu shouted to his team members, “You guys leave first!”
After saying that, he looked up at the hole he had created on the third floor.
Bai Tianyu, who could crush a Level 3 Tyrant, had an unprecedented solemn expression at this moment.
Because he knew that he had encountered a big guy this time.
The zombies were dead.
They were just corpses that could move.
Therefore, zombies would not have a heartbeat!
When Bai Tianyu opened the door of Xu Rufang’s house on the third floor, he clearly sensed Xu Rufang’s heartbeat—his hearing as a Level 3 Awakened was indeed capable of that.
However, from the beginning to the end, he did not hear Lian Jie’s heartbeat.
One could imagine how surprised Bai Tianyu was when Lian Jie walked out of the second bedroom.
From the first moment he saw Lian Jie, Bai Tianyu realized that something was off. So, he wanted to retreat first and gather reinforcements to deal with the situation here.
Unexpectedly, Lian Jie was much smarter than he had imagined.
Bai Tianyu’s little scheme did not escape Lian Jie’s eyes at all!
Low, heavy breathing sounds faintly emanated from the hole.
Until Lian Jie’s thin figure appeared at the hole.
He looked down at Bai Tianyu and the combat team gathered beside him, a strange smile appearing on his pale face.
“So much… so much food!!”
His mouth opened wider and wider.
Saliva flowed out of the corners of his mouth uncontrollably, dripping until it formed a line.
His eyes became redder and redder. The tyranny and appetite of the zombies gradually overwhelmed Lian Jie’s scarce sanity and intelligence!
“I really want to! I really want to eat so badly!”
“Boom!”
His back exploded.
A total of eight python-like flesh-colored tentacles stretched out from Lian Jie’s back, making him look like Dr. Octopus in the movie—powerful and eerie.
Except for Bai Tianyu, the combat team members could not help but take two steps back.
Looking at Lian Jie waving his tentacles, everyone gulped.
“What… what is this?”
The only response they received was Bai Tianyu’s calm voice.
A zombie.
“Level 4 zombie..”


CHAPTER-72
Chapter 72: Mom, I’ll Just Eat One

Linting Community.
Bai Tianyu and the others faced off against Lian Jie.
The atmosphere was tense, and a fierce battle was about to break out.
As Lian lie’s breathing became heavier, the tension grew.
But behind Lian Jie, a pair of hands wrapped tightly around his waist.
“Child! Child! Calm down, calm down!”
It was Xu Rufang who stopped Lian Jie.
Xu Rufang’s presence diluted the tense atmosphere.
Bai Tianyu and Lian Jie’s gazes fell on this mother.
Sobbing sounds could be heard, and Xu Rufang cried out, “Lian Jie! Lian Jie! Even if you’ve become like this, you’re still Mommy’s good son. But we can’t do things that are against the law, like killing people.
“They’re good people, and so are we. If you attack them, we won’t be good people anymore.”
“Jie, listen to Mom’s advice. Let’s go, let’s leave now. Let’s stay far away from them, let’s not engage with them.
Bai Tianyu:”???”
What is going on now?
Soon, he saw Xu Rufang reaching out her hand to Lian Jie’s mouth.
“Jie, Mom knows you’re hungry. Come, I’ll give you something to eat. We’re good people. We don’t eat people. Come, be good…”
The smell of flesh and blood made Lian Jie open his mouth, revealing teeth that resembled those of a shark.
“Crack.”
He bit off his mother’s arm. Then, to everyone’s astonishment, Xu Rufang’s hand grew back at an extremely fast speed.
Bai Tianyu was enlightened.
Despite Bai Tianyu’s burly appearance, he was quite meticulous.
Looking at Xu Rufang, Bai Tianyu frowned. “Awakened one!” Superpower of self-healing!
This type of Awakened person was not scary, and self-healing was not a powerful superpower.
However, this ability combined with a zombie became extremely terrifying!
Zombies fed on humans and Awakened ones. By devouring their flesh and blood, they absorb mysterious factors to complete their evolution.
Unlike Awakened ones who needed zombie crystals of the same level to level up.
Huo Sheng’s research showed that the advancement of zombies only required a sufficient amount of flesh and blood—this was the advantage of zombies.
And Awakened ones had much more mysterious factors in their flesh and blood than ordinary survivors. In other words, Awakened ones were perfect supplements to high-level zombies.
When a self-healing Awakened one cuts off his flesh to nurture a zombie… the speed at which this zombie advanced could be imagined!
Bai Tianyu wanted to curse in his heart…
Did Xu Rufang know what kind of monster she had raised?
There was a high chance that she knew.
But she had no choice. He was her son.
Even if he turned into a zombie, this was an unbreakable bond.
Looking up at Lian Jie again, Bai Tianyu could see that as Lian Jie swallowed Xu Rufang’s arm, the red light in his eyes slowly dissipated.
The tyranny of the zombie gradually subsided as he ate, and human rationality began to regain control.
After taking a deep look at Bai Tianyu, the tentacles on Lian Jie’s back wriggled and wrapped around Xu Rufang.
“Mom, I’ll listen to you. Let’s go.”
When Lian Jie said this, Xu Rufang’s face showed a relieved expression,
“Alright, let’s go and stay far away from them.”
The other tentacles wrapped around the protrusions on the wall, carrying Lian Jie and Xu Rufang down from the third floor.
Using tentacles instead of feet, Lian Jie and Xu Rufang gradually retreated into the distance.
Bai Tianyu did not intend to to pursue them—he was only a Level 3. Although he had Level 4 combat power after activating his superpower, he was still a little inferior to Level 4.
Just as the battle was about to end…
Lian Jie suddenly stopped in his tracks.
More saliva dripped from his mouth like a waterfall.
Looking at Bai Tianyu, Lian Jie suddenly grinned.
“Mom, since we’re leaving, let’s take some food with us.”
“Boom!”
The tentacles swung through the air, accompanied by Lian Jie’s eerie voice. “Mom, I’m sensible.
“I’ll just eat one!”
The tentacles struck with a howling sound.
At the same time, Xu Rufang’s panicked voice rang out.
She wanted to stop Lian Jie, but the evil nature of zombies was inherent. Even though there was a mother-son bond, it could not stop the inherent instinct of zombies!
Boom!
Bai Tianyu did not retreat even half a step and forcefully blocked the attack of the tentacles—he could block one, but not seven!
Another tentacle ruthlessly struck Bai Tianyu, sending him flying like a bowling ball.
As he quickly got up from the fall, Bai Tianyu suddenly heard a scream.
It was Lin Bai, who was wrapped by a tentacle.
In the next second, that tentacle suddenly sprouted numerous sharp teeth, grinding Lin Bai into pieces like a meat grinder.
In the blink of an eye, Lin Bai had vanished without a trace. Even his bones and hair were devoured by the tentacles.
Bai Tianyu’s eyes widened in disbelief!
Lian Jie, on the other hand, let out a satisfied burp.
The flesh and blood of an Awakened person that tasted different from Xu Rufang aroused Lian Jie’s appetite.
“One more bite, Mom, just one more!”
As he muttered, he turned to look at Bai Tianyu.
This one is of a higher level, so he must be more delicious!
Just as this thought emerged, he suddenly felt a pain on his forehead.
A sniper bullet struck Lian Jie’s forehead with precision, followed by the sound of a gunshot.
More than 10 kilometers away, Lu Ming, who was on the watchtower, observed the situation and pulled the trigger, hitting the bullseye accurately.
However, firearms were indeed somewhat powerless against higher-level zombies.
Even an anti-material sniper rifle, despite its formidable killing power, was insufficient against the eerie characteristics of zombies.
Even though the sniper rifle bullet had blown open Lian Jie’s forehead and shattered his brain matter, the wound on Lian Jie’s head rapidly healed at an astonishing speed, within less than a second, leaving no trace of the sniper rifle’s damage.
“This recovery speed is so fast…”
Lu Ming frowned, feeling the difficulty of the situation.
Picking up the Tyrant slingshot, Lu Ming hesitated for a moment and put it back. The power of his slingshot was slightly stronger than an anti-material sniper rifle, but it was also limited.
As for that strange zombie, the difficult part was not its defense, but its recovery ability.
Lu Ming muttered as he picked up an iron discus.
“Then let’s try this.”
This shot left Lian Jie slightly dazed.
But it did not matter.
Lian Jie naturally understood that the military had firearms.
Ordinary firearms could not break its defense, and firearms that could break its defense were not a big deal in the face of its terrifying recovery ability.
Ignoring the sniper whose location was unknown, Lian Jie stared at Bai Tianyu with bloodshot eyes. Paying no attention to Xu Rufang’s cries, he prepared to have another meal.
Until an ear-piercing boom echoed in the sky!
The iron discus thrown by Lu Ming flew far faster than the speed of sound, so when everyone heard the howling sound, it was already too late to react.
A “boom” sounded in the Linting Community.
The smoke and dust waves rose nearly 10 meters into the air.
Bai Tianyu, who had just steadied himself, felt a wave of air surge over and send him tumbling.
Xu Rufang’s screams and Lian Jie’s angry roars rang in his ears.
As the dust settled, the scene of carnage entered Bai Tianyu’s sight..


CHAPTER-73
Chapter 73: Evil Is Stirring

The attack method that Zhang Chcngcheng respectfully called Thor’s Hammer was undoubtedly a range attack.
It had strong destructive power and a wide range of damage, but the key was that it could unleash all of Lu Ming’s physical capabilities!
A full-powered strike with three-dimensional power of 170+ was terrifying.
With a single strike, not only did it completely defeat Lian Jie, but even Xu Rufang, who was in its embrace, had her limbs blown off.
—And this was with Lian Jie’s protection. Otherwise, with Xu Rufang’s level of power, trying to withstand Thor’s Hammer would have left her in ashes.
Bai Tianyu looked at Lian Jie.
He saw that six of Lian Jie’s eight tentacles had been severed, leaving only two entangled around Xu Rufang. They were relatively intact but droopy, like withered eggplants.
Lian Jie’s body had been hit head-on by Thor, undoubtedly pulverizing it. However, its powerful regenerative ability allowed Lian Jie’s wounds to heal rapidly. In the time it took for the dust to settle, its body had already returned to its complete form.
Xu Rufang experienced a similar outcome.
Although her hands and right leg were severed by Thor’s Hammer, with Lian Jie’s protection, Xu Rufang did not perish. At this moment, her ability was activated, and in just a short moment, she had stopped the bleeding. There were even signs of her severed limbs growing back.
Before the second strike of Thor’s Hammer could come, Lian Jie, who had just recovered slightly, let out a strange cry and quickly retreated with Xu Rufang under the building.
As a result, Lu Ming lost his line of sight.
Even if he could continue to use Thor’s Hammer, with the obstruction of the buildings, the lethality was not enough to deal a fatal blow to Lian Jie!
Bai Tianyu briefly weighed his options and prepared to engage Lian Jie to create an opportunity for Lu Ming.
But then he heard Xu Rufang’s sorrowful cry coming from Lian Jie’s embrace.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry… Little Jie didn’t do it on purpose. He definitely didn’t intentionally eat people! He’s still a child. I beg you to spare him.”
Bai Tianyu,”….”
In the midst of this speechless moment, the sound of friction rang out.
Lian Jie shuttled quickly, dodging Lu Ming’s line of sight by hiding among the tall buildings as he fled into the distance.
He had to run…
He had no choice but to run!
He was not afraid of Thor’s Hammer. A Level 4 zombie with a powerful recovery ability was enough to ensure Lian Jie’s life. However, just because it could withstand Thor’s Hammer did not mean that its mother, Xu Rufang, could withstand it.
It was unknown if Lian Jie was more of a zombie or a human.
But one thing was certain.
His mother really didn’t dote on him for nothing…
Of course, Lu Ming would not let go of such a huge threat.
However, this unknown zombie was really cunning.
It deliberately burrowed into the tall buildings, evading Lu Ming’s line of sight, making it impossible for Lu Ming to aim.
Several iron discuses were thrown, but apart from the first one hitting its target, the rest became explosive devices, dealing fatal blows to the buildings.
Bai Tianyu did not manage to hold back that zombie.
Soon, the zombie ran out of the safe zone, carrying its ‘hostage,’ and also escaped Lu Ming’s line of fire.
Putting down the iron discus, Lu Ming’s gaze carried a deep concern.
“A new type of zombie, and Its strength is even greater than that of a Tyrant!”
At least the Tyrant could not withstand Lu Ming’s Thor’s Hammer, but this eight-tentacled monster could—it was already evident that there was a difference in strength.
He could not help but worry about the future.
Soon, these worries evolved into a motivation for training.
He asked Li Zitong to increase the height of the observation tower by 10 meters.
Lu Ming vented his worries on the zombies within his field of view.
It was the same old saying.
For every additional zombie killed now, it was equivalent to eliminating a future tentacle monster.
It also provided an opportunity for skill training and attribute growth.
Truly a win-win situation.
The desire to survive overcame the appetite.
Lian Jie fled frantically with Xu Rufang, with no thought of “having another bite.”
At the same time, in his digestive system, the genes of Lin Bai which he had just consumed were rapidly assimilating into Lian Jie’s body.
By the time he ran out of Lu Ming’s shooting range, Lin Bai had already been completely digested.
A large amount of smell surged into his olfactory organs.
The heightened sense of smell made the world in Lian Jie’s eyes more colorful and vibrant.
It was only at this moment that Lian Jie had some understanding of his own abilities.
“Devour! I can devour Awakened ones and extract their superpower for my own use!”
In the past, he had only relied on Xu Rufang for his growth. Because of this, the Level 4 Lian Jie had obtained a self-healing ability—he had believed that this was his innate ability.
But now, it suddenly realized that this was not its innate ability, but an ability it had acquired.
Before Lian Jie could think further, a strange scent suddenly filled its olfactory organ.
It was the smell of his own kind.
No, it wasn’t just the scent of its own kind. The pheromones in the scent also carried a message of “come find me.”
Having just escaped from Lu Ming’s clutches, Lian Jie was still in a daze. At this moment, sensing the pheromones, Lian Jie made a simple decision to go and investigate.
Xu Rufang, who was entangled by the tentacles, asked softly, “Where are we going?”
Lian Jie replied, “I don’t know. Let’s take it one step at a time.”
A Level 4 zombie was undoubtedly a dominant force at this stage.
Even though he was being relentlessly bombarded by Lu Ming, once he ran out of the safe zone, Lian Jie still had a significant advantage.
His presence alone was enough to deter any nearby zombies from approaching. He swiftly moved by swinging his tentacles and soon arrived at a park to the south of Nanxiang City.
Here was the source of that scent.
He stood at the entrance of the park and waited for a moment. Soon, sounds came from the park.
The same sound of tentacles rubbing against each other as it walked!
Soon, another tentacle monster appeared before Lian Jie’s eyes.
With eight tentacles stretching out from behind, the appearance of this person was clearly different from Lian Jie’s—it was a middle-aged man in his forties, dressed in a sharp suit, with meticulously styled hair. If you ignored the eight tentacles, he looked like an insurance salesman.
As their eyes met, the man smiled warmly, “Welcome, fellow creature. Let me introduce myself. I’m Sima Xiao.”
Lian Jie asked, “Were you the one who attracted me here?”
Sima Xiao nodded gently, “Yes.”
“What do you want from me?”
Hearing Lian Jie’s question, Sima Xiao suddenly chuckled, his eyes flashing.
“I’m looking for you to discuss something important!”
Lian Jie: “What important matters?”
Without explaining further, Sima Xiao just waved his hand at Lian Jie.
“I can only say that the important matters I speak about concern our common fate!
“If you’re interested, you can come with me.
“If you’re not interested, 1 won’t stop you from leaving now.
“It’s all up to you.”
As soon as Sima Xiao finished speaking, Xu Rufang’s voice came from within Lian Jie’s tentacles. “Son, this person doesn’t look like a good person. Let’s not get involved with him. Let’s leave quickly.”
However, Lian Jie felt that he had grown up…
Or perhaps it was because of his Level 4 strength that that made him feel capable.
He did not care about his mother’s suggestion at all. After a brief thought, Lian Jie said to Sima Xiao, “Lead the way..”


CHAPTER-74
Chapter 74: Evil Is Stirring (2)

He followed Sima Xiao into Nanxiang City’s First Park.
The cleanliness of the park surprised Lian Jie.
There were no zombies everywhere, and there were even very little bloodstains. The entire park seemed to have returned to its original state, with lush vegetation and the sound of insects and birds.
Walking on the shaded path, passing through the swaying tree shadows, more scents soon entered Lian Jie’s olfactory organs.
The same kind!
Same level, same kind!
And there were many of them!
This made Lian Jie stop in his tracks, feeling a little uneasy.
Seeing this, Sima Xiao smiled and said, “I told you before that I invited you here to discuss important matters.”
“Do you think I would only invite you to discuss these so-called important matters?”
Since it was an important matter, the more ‘people’ involved, the better.
Lian Jie thought about it and felt that it made sense. He stopped worrying and continued forward.
Soon, the spacious park square came into view.
Along with it, there were a total of five ferocious and terrifying giants!
In Lian Jie’s eyes, Sima Xiao’s ‘important matters’ seemed more like a gathering of zombie kings!
Including Sima Xiao and himself, there were already seven Level 4 zombies present.
Such a number was terrifying—considering that even Lu Ming could not find enough Tyrant’s Crystals, yet here, seven Level 4 zombies higher than the level of a Tyrant had gathered!
Under Sima Xiao’s lead, Lian Jie stood in a corner of the square where no one was present.
Silently observing his own kind, Lian Jie quickly noticed that there were differences among the Level 4 zombies.
Lian Jie, Sima Xiao, and another Level 4 zombie belonged to one category they had tentacles growing on their backs while still retaining a human appearance.
As for the other four, they were more like the enlarged versions of the Tyrant!
They stood at a height of five meters, covered in lump-like muscle tissues all over their bodies. Even when these four monsters squatted on the ground, they were still as burly as small mountains.
Compared to Level 4 zombies like Lian Jie, these four Tyrant-like Level 4 zombies were more in line with the human imagination of high-level zombies.
Before Lian Jie could contemplate further, Sima Xiao’s voice faintly reached his ears.
“After evolvers like us reach Level 4, there will be two completely different branches among us Evolvers.
“One type is similar to you and me, capable of assimilating human genes, obtaining human superpowers, and continuously perfecting ourselves as Evolvers!
“I’d call them the Devourers!
“The other type is an upgraded version of the Tyrant. They don’t possess the special abilities of Devourers like us; they’re just bigger, faster, and stronger. Although their strength is not weak and they’re also Level 4, fundamentally speaking, they are still lower than us Devourers.
“I call them Tanks.”
After waiting for Lian Jie to digest the information, Sima Xiao continued, “We are Icings, and they are soldiers. We lead the zombie race, and they are just our enforcers and guards—understand it this way.
“Oh, by the way, let me mention it again. These Tanks don’t see it this way. They think that they’re of the same level as us, so their status is the same. In order to avoid trouble, it’s best not to mention this theory in front of them.”
Then, Sima Xiao pointed to his own head with a smile.
“The Tanks’ brains aren’t too good…”
Lian Jie nodded slightly, indicating that he understood.
After some thought, he asked softly, “So, what do you mean by ‘Evolvers’?”
Unlike Sima Xiao’s telepathy—Lian Jie could not do that move. Because of this, Lian Jie’s words entered the ears of all the Level 4 zombies present.
Upon hearing this, another Devourer laughed and said, “Evolvers? What does this term mean?”
“Speaking of which, we zombies also just arrived here today. We only heard Sima Xiao mention discussing important matters, but Sima Xiao hasn’t explained anything yet. He only said that there aren’t enough of us here.”
After saying that, the Devourer narrowed his eyes and looked at Sima Xiao and asked, “Are there enough now?”
Sima Xiao looked at the sky.
It was already approaching dusk.
Sima Xiao pondered for a moment and spoke, “With seven Tier 4s here, I assume everyone has a considerable legion of zombies, right?”
The Tanks responded sullenly, “Yeah.”
“Hmph.”
“Ha.”
“Huh.”
Sima Xiao:”…”
Lian Jie:”…”
Another Devourer,”…”
Sima Xiao gave Lian Jie a look that said, “See, I told you, right?” Then, he opened his mouth and said, “Then we should have enough manpower.
“I’ll cut to the chase and get straight to the point.
“I gathered you all here today for one thing!
“To reclaim the Holy Tower!”
The Holy Tower…
Another new term.
However, the words “Holy Tower” were easier to understand than the so-called Evolvers.
Just as the words “Holy Tower” were spoken, the three Devourers turned around in unison and looked at the towering spire in the city center.
“You’re referring to that Holy Tower?”
After Lian Jie muttered, he saw Sima Xiao nod, “Yes, that’s the Holy Tower.”
After speaking, Sima Xiao said in a clear loud voice, “I believe that by now, everyone should vaguely remember the scenes when the apocalypse arrived, right?”
Many Level 4 zombies nodded in unison.
After reaching Level 4, they could vaguely recall some fragments from their previous lives.
And the scene at the beginning of the apocalypse, when the tall tower emerged, was particularly vivid in their memories.
“I can say this.
“That tower is both the root of the apocalypse and the origin of us Evolvers!”
This reasoning was not convincing enough.
Another Devourer couldn’t help but ask, “Do you have any evidence?”
Sima Xiao smiled faintly, “Of course, and by the way, I still don’t know your name.”
“Oh ho ho ho, you can call me Simba.”
“Alright, Mr. Simba, of course I do have evidence, but I can’t show it to you.”
Before Simba could question further, Sima Xiao said in a clear voice, “The Devourer can devour the flesh and blood of Awakened ones and obtain their superpower. I believe Mr. Simba is well aware of this, right?”
Simba nodded.
Sima Xiao continued, “And some time ago, I devoured an Awakened person. His superpower was called Future Vision!
“I can vaguely perceive certain fragments of the future. As a result, I have learned something.”
As he spoke, Sima Xiao turned around, facing the tower with open arms as if embracing it, and fervently proclaimed, “We originated from the Holy Tower, and we will ultimately return to it! When the black mist recedes, everything will come to an end! Only those who embrace the tower can attain ultimate redemption and eternal life!
“And now, those humans, those failed Evolvers, have taken over the tower, the sacred land of us true Evolvers, the chosen ones! I gathered you all here today for one thing!
“Annihilate mankind and reclaim the Holy Tower! And let the entire Nanxiang bask in the holy, glorious, and righteous evolution!”


CHAPTER-75
Chapter 75: Evil Is Stirring (3)

Editor: Atlas Studios
Lian Jie:”…”
Simba:”…
Xu Rufang could not help but mutter, “Is he a charlatan?
Son, I told you he’s not a good person. Let’s go.”
Lian Jie also thought his mother had a point.
However…
“Pa pa pa.
Intense applause echoed.
It was the four Tanks, waving their human-sized palms and applauding.
Good!
Wonderful!
You’re right!”
We are the true evolution!
Lian Jie and Simba:”…”
The four Tanks stood up, looking at Sima Xiao, their small eyes radiating fanatical light.
After clapping for a long time, the Tanks spoke in unison, “Yes, True, Evolution, We are!”
Sima Xiao smiled and gestured for them to calm down. “Yes, that’s right! We are the true Evolvers! The path we are taking is the correct path of human evolution!”
We shed our human forms, we discard our human emotions. We believe in evolution and embrace evolution. We are the children of the Holy Tower, and only we have the potential for everything!
And now, those despicable humans have enclosed themselves in the Holy Tower, daring to claim it as their own!”
Can this be tolerated?
The Tanks said, “No!”
We can’t!
We can’t take it anymore!”
Sima Xiao raised his hands again, passionately proclaiming, “This is an era that belongs to us! Brothers, comrades, family members! Let us reclaim the Holy Tower and embrace our evolution! Fight, shout, and devour! Use our strength to shatter everything!”
His gaze vaguely turned towards Simba and Lian Jie as Sima Xiao continued, “As long as all of you join me, you can share in the glory of the Holy Tower! Not joining? Enjoy watching from the sidelines? Enjoy hesitating? Enjoy doubting? Then you will only be left defenseless!”
The Tanks: “Break through the defense!”
“Attack!”
Eat!
Break the defense!
Lian Jie and Simba began to have a headache.
Just as the two of them were reflecting on whether they had made a mistake by standing here, Sima Xiao heaved a sigh of relief and said again, “Of course, since I’m taking the lead this time, I won’t let everyone work in vain.”
“I previously devoured an Awakened with healing superpower and I obtained his power.”
If anyone needs me to heal for food, feel free to come to me. You have chives, and I have fertilizer.”
Simba and Lian Jie gasped.
This Sima Xiao not only knew how to talk, but he was also quite capable.
The healing ability was similar to Xu Rufang’s self-healing ability. They were both abilities that could rapidly induce the evolution of zombies.
It was expected that Simba would be tempted—who would not want an endless supply of snacks?
Even Lian Jie was also tempted—he indeed needed the genes of different Awakened ones to increase his strength.
With such a temptation in front of them, even Lian Jie and Simba could not help but fall into silence.
Amidst the voices of the Tanks chanting “Break the defense” and “Break the strong defense,” Simba and Lian Jie nodded one after another, “Count me in.”
“Count me in too.
Sima Xiao revealed a smile that seemed to have everything under control.
It continued, “Alright then, this matter is settled. Tomorrow, we will launch a large-scale attack and reclaim the Holy Tower in one fell swoop!”
At this point, the gathering of zombie kings came to an end.
At that moment, Simba suddenly spoke up, “Why don’t we take down Good Hope Village first?”
Sima Xiao thought about it and nodded, “Sure.”
The human safe zone was only so big.
Good Hope Village was also an outpost of the human safe zone.
It was a sound decision to attack Good Hope Village first.
However, Sima Xiao was unaware of Simba’s hidden agenda.
Back then, Simba had been terrified by Lu Ming and had fled from Wangcun. Now that he had reached Level 4, he still did not have the courage to approach Good Hope Village again.
Right now, letting Sima Xiao test the situation in Good Hope Village was a very wise choice.
How should we attack?”
Simba was about to tell Sima Xiao that there might be a monster in Good Hope Village, but before he could say anything, he saw Sima Xiao’s sinister smile.
How should we attack?
“Attack directly!”
“What? Are we hunting now and still concerned about methods, about tactics?”
“Sneak attack? Play tactics? That won’t do!
“We have to confront their defenses head-on! Not for anything else, but to prove our strength! Sneaking around is too dirty and doesn’t showcase our superiority!”
Brothers, tell me, am I right?!”
The Tanks, “Awooo!”
Yes!
“Ha.”
“Huh.
Simba and Lian Jie’s eyelids twitched.
They could not help but question themselves.
Was he really serious about this zombie king gathering?
The grand banquet began.
The four Tanks did not have food reserves—and their intelligence was not enough to support such acts of storing food.
The food was provided by Sima Xiao.
Three Level 2 Awakened individuals.
The three humans were bound by Sima Xiao’s tentacles, their faces devoid of expressions of fear or panic, only numbness remained, like a mass of human-shaped dead flesh.
Meanwhile, Sima Xiao waved to the three Awakened individuals and calmly announced the names of the dishes.
These are my collections!
The superpowers of these three Awakened ones are fire, ice, and strength. Every time I consume them, I will only eat a thigh or an arm and use a healing superpower to heal them. It’s like farming. Do you know about farming?”
“Ha.”
Huh.”
Hmph.”
“It seems that everyone knows… In any case, the key is sustainable development.”
Moreover, I also found out that the taste of high-level Awakened ones is better and provides us with more evolutionary energy.”
At this point, Sima Xiao glanced at Lian Jie, hinting, “So, if any of you want to farm, you might as well increase the level of your crops? It doesn’t have to be much, just lower than yourself by one to two levels.”
As he spoke, Sima Xiao tore off the Awakened person’s legs and distributed them to Lian Jie, Simba, and the four Tanks.
For a moment, the sound of chewing and screams intertwined, as if performing a magnificent symphony.
That night, the seven zombie Icings dispersed and began recruiting manpower.
But it was not something that could be done overnight; It would take several days.
Although his words were overbearing, Sima Xiao was still relatively cautious in his actions.
Of course, cannon fodder alone can’t fight a war. We can’t let them take the lead in charging, right? That would be too disgraceful.
It was fine if he did not move, but if he did, he would crush the entire human safe zone like a thunderbolt.
Day 66 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Tuesday.
When Lu Ming woke up, he had no idea about the zombie king gathering happening dozens of kilometers away.
However, the appearance of the tentacle monster yesterday had brought a little shock to Lu Ming regarding the zombies.
The Tentacle monster.
It should be a Level 4 zombie.
Although they only had a long-range one-sided confrontation, the formidable self-healing ability of the tentacle monster still made Lu Ming uneasy… Who knew to what extent zombies could evolve?
This thing was becoming more and more peculiar.
After the morning’s exercise, Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Name: Lu Ming
Strength: 171.1 (173.9)
Physique: 172.4 (174.6)
Agility: 203.4 (205.6)
Free Attribute Points: 45
Fitness Lvi7 (1500/1700)
After a short rest, while helping Zhang Chengcheng cook, Lu Ming pondered the issue of the tentacle monster.
Just then, Meng Jie walked over from not far away and shouted to Lu Ming from a distance.
Little Lu? Are you busy?”
Lu Ming looked up at Meng Jie and smiled. “Sister Meng, I just finished work. What’s up?”
“It’s like this.”
Meng Jie slowly walked over As she walked, she said, “Officials from the official shelter came earlier. It’s Huo Sheng and Bai Tianyu. Huo Sheng said that he wanted to meet you and talk. What do you think…”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and nodded, “Sure, let them come over. We can talk while eating..”


CHAPTER-76
Chapter 76: Huo Sheng’s Research Findings

According to Lu Ming’s thoughts, Huo Sheng had come to him to discuss the appearance of the tentacle monster that appeared yesterday.
The emergence of a new evolved form of zombies was always a significant event for all survivors.
Huo Sheng’s visit this time was most likely for this reason.
He had to talk to Lu Ming about the potential consequences and impacts of the appearance of a Level 4 zombie.
In fact, Huo Sheng and Bai Tianyu’s visit was indeed related to this matter.
While eating, Lu Ming chatted casually with Huo Sheng—mainly because Lu Ming was eating while Huo Sheng did the talking.
“Level 4 zombies are not easy to deal with. They have strong healing abilities, fast speed, and great strength… Bai Tianyu told me about this yesterday, and for now, it seems that we don’t have a good method to handle Level 4 zombies.”
Unless nuclear weapons are used.
But, cultivating mushrooms in the city… Forgetit…
After wiping his mouth, Lu Ming pondered and said, “I don’t have any good ideas either.”
That tentacle creature had normal intelligence and would hide or run away if it could not win. In the complex urban environment, a Level 4 zombie that was determined to escape posed an unsolvable problem for Lu Ming.
Besides, Lu Ming obviously could not have chased after it for too far—what if he fell into an ambush outside!?
After explaining his difficulties, Lu Ming focused on eating again.
He thought that the conversation would end here.
Unexpectedly, Huo Sheng thought for a moment and signaled to Bai Tianyu with his eyes. Seeing this, Bai Tianyu immediately left the outdoor kitchen. Soon, only Lu Ming, Zhang Chengchcng, and Huo Sheng were left in the area.
At this moment, Huo Sheng spoke again, “I’ve analyzed your blood.”
Lu Ming nodded. “Sister Meng gave it to you?”
“Yes.”
About a month ago, Meng Jie asked Lu Ming for a blood sample for scientific research purposes.
Lu Ming thought about it and agreed—because it was a trivial matter.
If Meng Jie could analyze and find something helpful to humanity from his blood, Lu Ming would only raise his hands in celebration.
From the looks of it, it was probably because the experimental facilities here were insufficient, so Meng Jie transferred his blood sample to Huo Sheng.
Lu Ming had no objections to that.
Now, as Huo Sheng brought up the topic, it was evident that he had analyzed something from Lu Ming’s blood sample.
After swallowing a large piece of beef, Lu Ming looked at Huo Sheng and saw a gleam in his eyes as he said slowly, “You’re not an Awakened one, right?”
Huo Sheng’s words startled Zhang Chengcheng.
Then, she looked at Huo Sheng in confusion and said, “Brother Lu isn’t an Awakened one? How is that possible!”
Absolutely impossible!
How could an ordinary person be compared to Brother Lu?!
Not to mention ordinary people, even Awakened ones could not compare…
Lu Ming frowned. He thought for a moment and said, “I don’t actually know if I’m considered an Awakened.”
Lu Ming felt that he was probably not an Awakened one.
However, there was nothing wrong with saying that he was an Awakened one.
The attribute system was a superpower.
But he did not experience the high fever that occurred when someone became an Awakened one.
In short, Lu Ming was unclear about his identity—but this was not important. He knew how to become stronger, and that was enough.
Seeing Lu Ming’s puzzled expression, Huo Sheng let out a sigh.
“It seems that you’re not clear about your own situation….but it doesn’t matter. Whether you’re Awakened or not and whatever secrets you may have, none of that is important.”
What was important was that Lu Ming had the strength and the will to protect others. That was the most important thing.
With that, Huo Sheng organized his words briefly and said, “I’ve analyzed your blood and found a very strange phenomenon. Your cells did not show signs of binding with the mystery factor! In other words, at the cellular level, you’re not an Awakened one, but an ordinary person.”
Zhang Chengcheng was in a daze. She felt that Huo Sheng’s words were difficult to understand.
She glanced at Huo Sheng from time to time, only to see his serious expression.
She then looked at Lu Ming and saw that his expression was calm.
“And then?” Lu Ming asked in response to Huo Sheng’s statement.
Faced with Lu Ming’s question, Huo Sheng suddenly had a strange expression on his face.
“Then, I conducted another experiment to test if your body cells can recombine with the mystery factor.
“The result is positive.”
After saying this, Huo Sheng immediately grinned, “Do you know what this means?”
Lu Ming shook his head in confusion, “What does it mean?”
“It means that regardless of whether you are an Awakened one or not, you can awaken again!”
“First, let’s talk about some other research findings.
“Although the cells in your body have not combined with the mystery factor, the strength of your cells still far exceeds the limits of ordinary people.
“And this level of strength can even allow you to defeat zombie infections solely with your immune system.
“In other words, regardless of whether you’re an Awakened one or not, you’re immune to the zombie virus during blood extraction.”
The blood was drawn more than a month ago.
Previously, Lu Ming was already immune to zombie infection, let alone the current Lu Ming.
“And most importantly, let’s talk about Awakening.”
When it came to this topic, Huo Sheng’s eyes lit up, indicating his excitement. He turned to Zhang Chengcheng and asked with a smile, “Chengcheng, do you know what this means?”
Zhang Chengcheng thought of a highly probable answer.
She turned to look at Lu Ming and could not help but gasp in astonishment.
“According to Dr. Huo, assuming that Brother Lu is not an Awakened one. Currently, there is still a possibility for him to become one, which means… Brother Lu’s strength can further improve!”
Huo Sheng interrupted with a smile, “Not just further improvement, it’s an exponential improvement!”
“When an ordinary person becomes a Level 1 Awakened, their physical abilities will double.
“When a Level 1 Awakened advances to Level 2, his physical abilities double again, along with Awakened superpower!
“I conducted some experiments with Lu Ming’s cells and discovered that he indeed still has the potential to become an Awakened individual! However, because his body is too strong, it requires a significant amount of mystery factors. If we follow the normal process… that is, natural Awakening, the probability of Mr. Lu Ming becoming an Awakened is infinitely close to zero!”
This was because the tiny amount of the mystery factor present in the air had been digested and decomposed by Lu Ming’s body as soon as it entered his respiratory system. It could not fuse into his cells to promote Lu Ming’s Awakening.
If the probability of an ordinary person becoming an Awakened person was like winning the lottery,
then the probability of Lu Ming becoming an Awakened person was like an ordinary person winning the lottery jackpot for 999 consecutive days.
Hearing Huo Sheng’s words, Zhang Chengcheng could not help but sigh in disappointment.
But Lu Ming asked with interest, “Dr. Huo, you just said that according to the normal process, I have no chance of becoming an Awakened person. Does that mean that you have an abnormal process?”
Huo Sheng smiled and nodded.
“In fact, I’ve already researched how to turn an ordinary person into an Awakened person..”


CHAPTER-77
Chapter 77: Lu Ming’s Potential Awakening

Turning ordinary people into Awakened individuals was a topic that Meng Jie had once raised.
Unfortunately, Guangping Street lacked the necessary experimental equipment and assistants. It was already commendable that Meng Jie could research the evolution of Awakened individuals through devouring zombie crystals. Any further progress was beyond her capabilities.
However, Meng Jie could not do it, but Huo Sheng was different.
Firstly, his knowledge was indeed superior to Meng Jie’s.
Most importantly, he had the support of the entire official shelter—both people and equipment, were readily available.
A long time ago, Huo Sheng had already started researching the topic of artificially creating Awakened individuals.
Not to mention the difficulties encountered along the way, but in short, until a few days ago, Huo Sheng finally found a safe and effective method to turn ordinary people into Awakened individuals.
“The key lies in the mystery factor.”
“It is known that for ordinary people to become Awakened individuals, the cells in their bodies need to combine with the mystery factor.”
“And Zombie crystals are pure amalgams of mystery factors.”
The method was simple.
Extract and dilute the mystery factor from the zombie crystal, mix it with special substances, and inject it into the human body through intravenous injection.
“The key here lies in the quantity of the mystery factor.”
“Even the lowest Tier 1 zombie crystal can explode an ordinary person! Therefore, the difficulty of the experiment lies in how to further separate the mystery factor in the zombie crystal.”
When it came to professional knowledge, Huo Sheng’s expression immediately changed. He became excited and focused, speaking fluently and non-stop.
However, when he saw that Lu Ming and Zhang Chengcheng did not show much interest, he sighed softly and went straight to the point.
“Mr. Lu’s body is different from that of ordinary people.”
“If an ordinary person directly swallowed the zombie crystal, their cells would immediately be crushed by the mystery factor and they would definitely turn into zombies within ten seconds. However, due to the strength of your physical abilities, Mr. Lu, you can directly consume the Zombie crystal, and you will be able to completely absorb the mystery factor within it.”
“Once the concentration of the mystery factor in your body reaches a certain threshold, you will complete your Awakening and become a Level 1 Awakened!”
Being stronger indeed made a difference.
Even the mystery factor had to open a back door for you…
In short, Lu Ming and Zhang Chengcheng understood Huo Sheng’s words.
If Lu Ming wanted to progress further and become an Awakened, all he needed to do was to consume Zombie crystals.
Tier 1, Tier 2, or Tier 3 zombie crystals were fine.
If one was not enough, he would take two. If two were not enough, he would take three. He would continue to consume them until Awakening!
Zhang Chengcheng’s face revealed excitement.
Brother Lu was already strong now. How powerful would he become after Awakening!?
Lu Ming, on the other hand, remained calm.
After thinking for a moment, he asked, “Are you sure it’s not dangerous?”
Huo Sheng nodded affirmatively, “I’m sure! There’s absolutely no danger.”
However….
Eating the nucleus of a zombie…
This was really a little disgusting.
However, for the sake of strength, Lu Ming could tolerate a bit of disgust.
The problem lay in the level of risk.
Unlike acquaintances like Zhang Chengcheng, Wang Xiong, and Meng Jie, Lu Ming was not very familiar with Huo Sheng. Lu Ming was not completely convinced by what he said.
After some thought, Lu Ming continued, “I want to see the entire process of an ordinary person becoming an Awakened. Is it possible to start from the stage of processing the zombie crystal?”
Lu Ming’s caution did not come as a surprise to Huo Sheng.
Instead, he smiled slightly, as if to say, “I was waiting for you to say this.”
After that, he said, “Coincidentally, I also have the intention to become an Awakened individual this time. Let me personally demonstrate it to you. What do you think?”
That could not be better.
Huo Sheng was a smart person.
Even though he had not interacted much with Lu Ming, Huo Sheng had indirectly learned what kind of person Lu Ming was.
Otakus did not like to interact with others.
At the same time, he had a bit of paranoid delusion, always thinking of things in a negative light and believing that someone would harm him.
—This could be seen from the fact that Lu Ming had not allowed anyone, not even Zhang Chengcheng, to step inside his home.
To gain the trust of such a person would inevitably require prolonged contact. However, at the moment when the Tier 4 zombie tentacle monster appeared, Huo Sheng realized that humanity’s time was truly running out…
The zombies were evolving, becoming stronger and more terrifying!
Meanwhile, the evolution of human Awakened individuals had stagnated— Tyrants were difficult to find, Zombie crystals were scarce, and leaving the safety zone to actively hunt Tyrants was too dangerous and not worthwhile at all.
To put it bluntly, the main purpose of Huo Sheng’s visit today was not to discuss the issue of Tier 4 zombies with Lu Ming, or even to inform Lu Ming that he could progress further and become an Awakened individual.
Huo Sheng simply wanted Lu Ming to become an Awakened individual!
Lu Ming had to progress further and become an Awakened individual!
Otherwise, the future of humanity was really worrying!
Of course, Huo Sheng also knew that Lu Ming, who was not an Awakened, must have a secret.
But was that important?
It did not matter at all!
Digging into the secrets of a strong individual and offending the strong—let’s not even mention whether he had a way to control Lu Ming or not. Even if he did, as a leader, if he were to do such a thing, humanity might as well be destroyed, and there would be no point in the struggle.
What was the point of a bunch of idiots fussing around…
The location of the experiment was in Meng Jie’s laboratory.
Taking out a Tier 1 zombie crystal, Bai Tianyu helped Huo Sheng retrieve an instrument—a small centrifuge that resembled a blender.
Under Lu Ming’s interested gaze, Huo Sheng activated the centrifuge and placed the zombie crystals inside.
Soon, the zombie crystals began to melt, transforming into streams of air with twinkling specks of light. The streams flowed out of the centrifuge through another opening and were collected.
Bai Tianyu and his warriors brought more equipment and raw materials.
As Huo Sheng concocted some kind of pale red liquid, he explained, “Actually, the difficulty in turning ordinary people into Awakened individuals lies in the quantity of the mystery factor. Have you seen those streams of air? Those are the diluted mystery factors.”
“If you don’t mind the pain, you can directly inhale the diluted mystery factors to become an Awakened individual. However, although this method is not dangerous, it is very painful and difficult to endure.”
After speaking, Huo Sheng shook the test tube containing the mixed liquid and said, “This is a painkiller that can fuse with mystery factors. When combined, it can reduce the pain to a level that an ordinary person can endure.”
With that, Meng Jie stepped forward and rolled up her sleeves.
After properly fusing the painkiller with the mystery factor, Huo Sheng injected it into Meng Jie’s body.
Soon, Meng Jie began to experience fever and body convulsions, indicating that she was in pain.
However, Huo Sheng no longer paid attention to Meng Jie and instead looked back at the experimental table.
He picked up a portion of the collected Mystery Factors, pulled out the test tube stopper, took a deep breath and sucked in the other portion of Mystery Factor into his nasal cavity.
Veins popped out on his forehead.
Cold sweat instantly covered his forehead.
Amidst everyone’s exclamations, Huo Sheng turned to look at Lu Ming. As he trembled, he smiled and said, “I recommend Mr. Lu to directly consume the zombie crystals.”
“Just like what I… am doing now…”


CHAPTER-78
Chapter 78: The Big One Is Coming

Lu Ming could not help but sigh. Huo Sheng really had guts…
He was in so much pain, his body hunched over like a shrimp, lying on the ground convulsing.
But, surprisingly, even in this state, Huo Sheng could still spare some time to occasionally chat with Lu Ming. He was quite a tough one.
And the awakening method Huo Sheng developed was much faster than natural awakening.
Soon, Meng Jie and Huo Sheng both completed their awakenings.
There was no need for further experiments. Lu Ming could already hear that their heartbeats had become stronger, and their blood flow was faster—this meant that their physical strength had increased explosively!
Seeing this, Lu Ming could not help but nod. “This method should work.”
After dispelling his worries, Lu Ming looked at the small centrifuge.
The Level 1 zombie crystal had not been used up yet, still having about three-fifths left…
After some thought, Lu Ming went to the centrifuge, picked up another vital mystery factor, pulled out the stopper, and took a deep inhale.
The mystery factor surged into Lu Ming’s nasal cavity.
Lu Ming immediately felt invigorated.
“This feels somewhat comfortable.”
And then there was nothing more…
Beside him, seeing Lu Ming’s actions, Huo Sheng wiped his sweat and said, “There’s not enough.”
He had mentioned before that due to Lu Ming’s strong physique, he needed to consume more of the mystery factor to awaken.
The amount of mystery factor that could awaken an ordinary person was like a drizzle to Lu Ming.
But Lu Ming did not care about this.
After waiting for more than half an hour, Lu Ming could not help but sigh.
There’s no reaction.
Huo Sheng remained silent.
So what I said earlier was in vain?
Lu Ming took out another mystery factor and consumed it again.
Still no reaction.”
He took out the remaining half of the Level 1 zombie crystal from the centrifuge and put it into his mouth while enduring the nausea.
It melted in his mouth, without any nauseating taste.
Great.
The mystery factor, whether it was gas or liquid in his oral cavity, smoothly flowed into Lu Ming’s body… Lu Ming could not help but shiver as if he had eaten an ice cube.
Then, there was still no reaction…
Huo Sheng could not help but scratch his head, ruthlessly tugging at the little hair he had left, and said, “This amount is simply not enough for you… Tianyu.”
After Huo Sheng finished speaking, Bai Tianyu took the initiative to step forward and place a briefcase in front of Lu Ming.
Lu Ming opened it and saw that it was filled with Tier 1 and Tier 2 zombie crystals. There were probably hundreds of them.
From this, it was evident how much Huo Sheng wanted Lu Ming to become an Awakened.
It also showed the tremendous pressure Huo Sheng faced with the appearance of a Level 4 zombie.
However, Lu Ming was no longer in a hurry.
After some thought, he asked, “After becoming an Awakened, the physical attributes will double, right?”
Huo Sheng nodded gently. “Under normal circumstances, yes.”
“So, it’s better to be stronger before becoming Awakened, right?”
After a moment of silence, Huo Sheng nodded again, “Yes.”
“In that case, I won’t rush.”
Currently, Zhang Chengcheng’s gravity superpower was a little outdated, but Lu Ming could still gain attribute points every day.
And the situation now was not a desperate one. It would be more profitable to brush up on attributes and then become an Awakened.
Huo Sheng thought about it and agreed, “I didn’t mean to rush you. You can decide on this matter yourself.”
Lu Ming immediately nodded, “Alright.”
After saying that, he immediately stood up and said seriously, “I should take an afternoon nap now.”
As he spoke, he turned around and prepared to leave. But at the doorway, Lu Ming turned back.
He picked up the briefcase containing the zombie crystals with one hand and the small centrifuge with the other.
He asked, “Can I take these things with me?”
Huo Sheng smiled and nodded. “They’re all yours.”
Becoming an Awakened was a significant event for Lu Ming.
However, it did not bring about much change to Lu Ming’s daily life.
Lu Ming was not in a hurry to become Awakened.
For Lu Ming, the greatest benefit of awakening was the doubling of his physical strength. With Lu Ming’s current three-dimensional attributes approaching 200 points, it was easy to imagine how powerful he would become if he doubled his strength.
However, the problem was that after the three-dimensional attributes doubled, Chengcheng’s superpower would likely no longer assist in training. Then, how would Lu Ming continue to farm his attributes every day?
Another issue was his appetite.
Lu Ming was now a big food tank. He had to eat at least ten kilograms of food for a meal! And he also had to provide for Zhang Chengcheng, a Level 3 Awakened one, whose appetite was not small either.
The food reserves at home could only last a few months with two big eaters. If Lu Ming awakened again and his appetite increased, it would not be long before he faced a food crisis.
So, Lu Ming thought that since he had the method and the awakening materials, it would be better to take it slow, strengthen his foundation, and awaken when he encountered problems he couldn’t handle.
After waking up from his afternoon nap, he gained all his attributes.
In the afternoon, Lu Ming climbed a high place, watched from afar to kill zombies, and farmed his skills. At night, he practiced his spearmanship and resistance stance with the Zhao father and son.
As he got busy, Lu Ming gradually forgot about the Level 4 zombie tentacle monster incident
Day 67 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Wednesday.
Nothing happened.
Today, Lu Ming’s fitness skills had reached Lvi8 (100/1800), and he gained some additional daily attributes.
Oh, right, there was another matter.
Yesterday, he took the zombie crystals and centrifuge from Huo Sheng. This morning, Lu Ming tried them out—he used the machine to split a Level 1 zombie crystal into two parts and absorbed one. Unfortunately, it was still ineffective.
It turned out that the quantity was indeed too little.
At night, Lu Ming ate an entire Level 1 zombie crystal.
Then, he had a good night’s sleep.
In short, Lu Ming once again confirmed one thing.
Zombie crystals were probably harmless to him.
Day 68 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Thursday.
Today was still uneventful. He ate well, slept well, and exercised well throughout the day.
The weather was beautiful. It was a perfect day.
Day 69 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Friday.
Nothing happened.
The Resistance Stance reached Level 10, earning 10 free attribute points.
He already had a total of 55 free attribute points.
He decided to save them up.
Three days later, on Day 72 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Monday.
At dawn this morning, the Zombie Kings led by Sima Xiao finally completed the assembly of the army.
Nearly one-twentieth of the zombies in the city were summoned by the seven Zombie Kings.
The massive army of zombies quietly gathered dozens of kilometers away from Good Hope Village. They were waiting for the command of the Zombie Kings to launch a full-scale attack, to recapture the sacred Holy Tower, and embrace the glorious evolution!
Today, the sky was covered in dark clouds.
Lu Ming woke up early and ate the noodles prepared by Chengcheng, and got ready to start today’s training.
But suddenly, he heard a piercing bell ringing coming from the gathering place.
The bell ringing was mixed with the terrified screams from the lookout!
“Zombie tide! It’s the zombie tide!!
“An endless sea of zombies!!
Lu Ming frowned and climbed up his watchtower, looking down from a high vantage point towards the distance.
He saw a vast horde of zombies in the distance, rushing towards them like waves.
They were like locusts.
The dust they raised was like a sandstorm.
The sheer number that could not be counted made Lu Ming’s heart sink.
“The big one is coming!”


CHAPTER-79
Chapter 79: Let the Humans Witness Our Power!

The massive army of zombies marched in a grand and undisciplined manner.
One could not expect the zombies to follow orders like well-trained soldiers, but their robust physical condition and fearlessness of death made them superior warriors compared to human soldiers.
About 10 kilometers away from Good Hope Village, the seven Zombie Kings gathered once again.
The leader among them was undoubtedly the Devourer, Sima Xiao.
At this moment, Sima Xiao was in high spirits!
Seven Level 4 Zombie Kings.
There were hundreds of thousands of zombies gathered together, enough to make anyone who heard about it tremble in fear!
In fact, in Sima Xiao’s opinion, there was no need to fight seriously in this battle. Just having the zombies horde charge would be enough to crush all enemies, retake the Holy Tower, and capture a few more Awakened individuals to enrich the crop in his vegetable fields.
However…
“I say, why are you two hiding so far away?”
Sima Xiao asked jokingly as he looked at Simba and Lian Jie, who were half-crouched on the ground and carefully hiding behind the Tanks.
Simba raised his head slightly, “Oh, ho ho ho! This is my combat form! When I assume such a posture, it means that I’ve entered a combat state!”
Lian Jie gave a strange look at the cautious Simba and thought that Simba was indeed a bit odd. After thinking for a moment, he said, “My mother is by my side, so I have to protect her.”
Sima Xiao shrugged. “Alright then.”
In its eyes, this battle was the endgame. Whether Simba and Lian Jie contributed or not was not that important.
But little did it know that Simba and Lian Jie exchanged a glance in secret.
As their eyes met, both sides showed a look of realization.
The meaning in their gaze seemed to say:
Simba: “Brother, how did you know there were monsters over there?”
Lian Jie: “I was driven out by that monster. Do you see that observation tower? That monster is standing there. It probably has spotted us by now.”
Simba: “That’s not good.”
Lian Jie: “Actually, I didn’t want to come either, but Sima Xiao made such a big deal out of this battle, and it’s hard to say who’s stronger between them and that monster. I thought I’d come to broaden my horizons, take advantage if there is any, and quickly run away if there isn’t. What about you, bro?”
Simba: “It takes one to know one… Once the fighting starts, let’s take care of each other. We mustn’t let that monster kill us.”
Lian Jie: “Yes, okay, brother.”
It was hard to imagine that so much could be conveyed through eye contact.
But perhaps, it was a talent…
Neither Lian Jie nor Simba said anything more.
Until the four Tanks let out a powerful roar!
This meant that the final attack had begun!
Sima Xiao stood in the most conspicuous position and waved its large hand, “Brothers, let the humans witness our power!”
As the zombie tide formed their battle formation, the entire Guangping Street Shelter had already entered the highest state of alert.
The survivors entered the underground shelter in an orderly manner. The Awakened ones used Lu Ming’s observation tower as the core to build a defense system.
Another speed-type Awakened person dashed towards the rear, preparing to inform the official shelter of the attack and request reinforcements.
Everything proceeded in an orderly manner.
Because they had a fixed point—the Beacon of Hope!
With Brother Lu around, there was hope. The others naturally did not have to worry about anything.
If Brother Lu could not hold on, everyone would die, and worrying would be in vain.
At the top of the observation tower.
Lu Ming narrowed his eyes and scanned the horde in the distance.
There were many zombies and quite a few high-level ones.
Lu Ming saw more than 10 of the Tyrants.
There were also three Tentacle monsters and four Giant zombies which were larger than the Tyrant.
As he watched, Lu Ming could not help but take a deep breath.
“So many, so powerful, so terrifying…”
Lu Ming was not afraid of the Tyrant.
This thing could not withstand a single shot from Lu Ming!
However, Lu Ming could not deal with the zombie horde—he did not have the ability for large-scale killing.
It was also difficult for Lu Ming to deal with a Level 4 zombie.
The Tentacle Monsters had extremely strong self-healing abilities and were not particularly afraid of Lu Ming’s Thor’s Hammer (Lu Ming did not know the characteristics of the Devourer).
As for those Giant Zombies, they were probably Level 4. Lu Ming had no idea what abilities they possessed.
The unknown brought fear and uneasiness.
Lu Ming felt goosebumps rising on his skin.
Suddenly, the roar of Giant Zombies resounded through the heavens and earth.
Before Lu Ming’s eyes, the horde began to move.
The Tyrant led the team, with the Hunters on the side, vigilantly watching.
Four Giant zombies merged into the zombie horde, exuding a strong stench and malice, and crushing towards Lu Ming like an avalanche. This made Lu Ming’s eyes gradually turn red.
A family member knows their own business best.
Lu Ming was alone. If he wanted to escape, he had a 100% chance of escaping this predicament.
As long as Lu Ming had the intention to flee, these zombies would definitely not be able to kill him on the spot.
But…
He turned to look at his house.
He thought of the supplies he had painstakingly gathered.
And he thought about what would happen if he lost his home. He would have to wander around, constantly on edge and fending off the harassment of zombies.
And he would go hungry.
That was right, he had to starve!!
Lu Ming’s appetite had already become so large. Without supplies and a stable logistics system, finding food every day would be an enormous task.
Perhaps, just finding food would take up all of Lu Ming’s time each day. Then how could he farm his attributes? How could he become stronger?
Such a scene faintly appeared in his mind.
He was like a tramp wandering the streets, wearing dirty clothes, rummaging through trash cans, and even cheering when he found a half-drunk bottle of expired Coke.
But the cheering attracted the zombies…
The scene in his mind came to an end, and Lu Ming shivered violently.
Taking a deep breath to clear his mind of all distracting thoughts, Lu Ming looked down at the briefcase by his feet.
Lu Ming muttered to himself.
“Why!
“Why do these zombies always have to shatter my sense of security?!
“Why?! Can’t you guys just stay outside obediently and let me peacefully farm my attributes?!
“I won’t go looking for you, so don’t come looking for me either. Let’s not meet for the rest of our lives. Isn’t that good?!
“Why do I keep bumping into you guys when I’ve almost never stepped out of my house… Why, why, why!!”
Lu Ming could not find the answer!
Hence, he could only open the attribute panel!
He looked at the line of words that said ’55 free attribute points.’
Without hesitation, Lu Ming allocated 25 points to Strength, bringing it to 223!
Vitality +30 points, reaching 228.7!
Then, he opened his briefcase, picked up a handful of zombie crystals, and stuffed them into his mouth.
Lu Ming stared at the approaching zombie horde with bloodshot eyes…
Until a heart-piercing pain surged from within his body!
His body started to heat up!
His muscles began to twitch involuntarily!
The intense pain made Lu Ming let out a roar, like an enraged wild beast!
But the pain passed as quickly as it had come.
About a minute later, the pain rapidly subsided.
Lu Ming slowly stood up…
He clenched his fists.
Power burst forth from his fingertips, unlike before.
He lowered his head.
He saw that his pants had shortened by a significant length.
He twisted his neck slightly.
The sound of bones cracking could be heard.
Faintly, Lu Ming could still hear his thunderous heartbeat!
Opening the attribute panel, Lu Ming’s attributes came into view!


CHAPTER-80
Chapter 80: Awakened: Lu Ming!!

Name: Lu Ming
Level: Level 1
Age: 25 years old
Strength: 446
Physique: 457-4
Agility: 445-6
Free Attribute Points: 0
Skills: Omitted.
Superpower: Awakening in progress…
Attributes doubled!
When a normal person awakened, their physical condition would indeed multiply. Lu Ming was no exception—after all, he was just an ordinary person with a system.
He gently closed his eyes.
Lu Ming could even faintly feel the rushing sound caused by the flow of his blood.
Like a mighty river, filled with power!
He gently raised his hand, bringing with it a surging wind. Looking at his rough hands, a smile of genuine satisfaction appeared on Lu Ming’s face.
Dr. Huo Sheng didn’t lie to me.
So this is what it feels like to become an Awakened person? Very good, excellent!”
Lu Ming’s sense of security came partly from the order in his home and the shelter, but mostly, it came from his own strength.
As Lu Ming had always believed, attributes were everything; nothing else mattered!
If you had the ability, no one would refute you even if you said the Earth was square!
At this moment, with his strength greatly increased once again, Lu Ming looked at the distant horde of zombies, and the sense of worry he felt just moments ago immediately left him.
“I’ve become an Awakened person, so I’m not afraid of close combat with the zombies anymore.”
Huo Sheng had said that even if he was not an Awakened person, Lu Ming would not be afraid of being infected by the zombie.
But Lu Ming would definitely not take the initiative to try it out.
What if Huo Sheng was wrong?
Now that he had become an Awakened person with dual assurance, Lu Ming had the confidence to fight the zombies in close combat.
Looking at the endless zombie tide, Lu Ming thought for a moment and came up with an idea.
“I shouldn’t be afraid of high-level zombies now. Even dealing with Level 4 ones shouldn’t be a big problem.
“The key is still the large number of ordinary zombies. I still don’t have any group killing methods.”
Never underestimate ordinary zombies.
Their collective impact could be powerful enough to tear down Lu Ming’s house and crush his supplies.
Without supplies, Lu Ming would have to scavenge for food on the streets and eat from garbage cans.
No! He could not bear it!
This was absolutely unbearable!
Thinking about this, Lu Ming made a decision.
He jumped down from the observation tower and landed lightly beside Zhang Chengcheng and the others.
Lu Ming saw Zhang Chengcheng and the others widened their mouths in astonishment.
Because before their eyes, Lu Ming had grown a lot taller again, reaching a height of 2.3 meters!
All the muscles on his body bulged, exuding a violent beauty!
Zhang Chengcheng immediately thought of something.
“Brother Lu….”
But Lu Ming waved his hand to interrupt Zhang Chengcheng.
“We’ll talk after we finish what we need to do.”
After speaking, he looked at Zhang Lixin and Li Zitong.
“Soldier, Zitong, do me a favor.”
“Help me make a close combat weapon.”
“I want it to be like this…”
Following Lu Ming’s description, Zhang Lixin and Li Zitong slowly opened their mouths wide, their faces filled with shock.
The horde of zombies began to move.
With a number in the hundreds of thousands, it was impossible to describe it with words.
It was just like the first time humans saw the sea, being stunned by the vastness and boundlessness of the sea—the zombie tide at this moment produced that kind of feeling.
Sima Xiao firmly believed that in front of a zombie wave of this scale, all the resistance of humans was futile and useless.
Be it ordinary people or Awakened ones, in the face of their own strength, there was only one outcome.
“Death!
As the zombie wave slowly approached Good Hope Village, Sima Xiao’s expression became calmer.
What it was considering at the moment was no longer how the battle would unfold, but rather what would happen after it occupied the Holy Tower.
The ability to foresee the future was indeed remarkable.
This ability did not belong to the active category but was more like a passive ability. It was not that the owner of the ability could foresee the future just by wanting to, but it was more akin to daydreaming, where future fragments would inexplicably appear in the mind.
Just like at this moment…
Just as Sima Xiao was praying and trying to foresee the scene after it occupied the Holy Tower, the ability to foresee the future was suddenly activated…
A fragment appeared in Sima Xiao’s mind.
A beam of light flashed, and it was torn in half.
The terrifying scene in the vision made Sima Xiao shudder.
As the ability faded, Sima Xiao frowned.
“What’s going on?”
No one could answer the question about the vision it had foreseen.
After thinking it over, Sima Xiao came up with a reasonable explanation.
Looks like there’ll still be danger after occupying the Holy Tower… Well, that’s for sure. After I occupy the Holy Tower, there will definitely be humans or similar beings who will come to contend for it.
“The future me will definitely encounter battles.”
After convincing itself with this thought, Sima Xiao subtly glanced back.
The four Tanks, Lian Jie and Simba.
“At the moment, they’re in the same camp as me.
“And within this camp, I hold absolute authority.
“If we encounter danger in the future, I can push them out to face the calamity… Yes, that’s how it is.”
Otherwise, why would it establish this alliance?
Why did it share its food and abilities?
Wasn’t it all for the purpose of strengthening its forces and gathering comrades (cannon fodder)?
With that thought in mind, Sima Xiao suddenly saw Simba and Lian Jie shudder.
They had a horrified expression and unconsciously took two steps back! It was as if something terrifying had appeared in Good Hope Village.
Sima Xiao quickly turned his head to look at Good Hope Village.
And there, he saw a figure slowly climbing up the village wall.
The figure reflected in Sima Xiao’s eyes was strong and filled with dominance.
He was 2.3 meters tall and had sturdy and stylish short hair, ordinary facial features but a calm tranquility in the face of danger.
The short and somewhat funny-looking clothes outlined a strong physique, clearly revealing the angular muscles.
But…
That was all there was to it…
A human, what are you pretending to be in front of Level 4 Zombie Kings?!
This was the true thought in Sima Xiao’s heart.
As for the unusual behavior of Xingba and Lian Jie just now, Sima Xiao didn’t pay any attention to it at all. He simply thought that these two devourers were overly cautious, cautious to the point of timidity.
Until Sima Xiao’s eyelids suddenly twitched…
He saw that strong man picking up a saber.
A 40-meter-long saber!
That knife was truly enormous.
Not only was it long, but it was also big and thick!
The shape wasn’t that of a normal saber either. The blade was large and long, and although the handle was also quite big, it required the man to embrace it with both hands. However, proportionally speaking, it had a somewhat mini and cute appearance.
The overall appearance of the saber seemed to be made of stones, but it was mixed with steel. Especially the blade, which underwent special treatment, had a sharp edge that faintly shimmered in the dim sunlight.
Sima Xiao watched as the man raised the large knife and suddenly burst into laughter!
“Is this it? Just this? Who are you trying to scare here!?”
What’s the big deal?
The bigger the weapon, the more impressive it is?
That doesn’t make sense, right?
How can you deal with hundreds of thousands of my Corpse Soldiers with your single saber!?
Sima Xiao did not notice that Simba and Lian Jie, who were behind him, had already gulped. They felt their legs go weak and wanted to run away quickly.
On the low wall of Good Hope Village, Lu Ming slowly exhaled.
Muscles bulged all over his body like tree roots and evil pythons.
He raised his saber horizontally.
Lu Ming made his move..


CHAPTER-81
Chapter 81: The 40-Meter-Long Sword! Have You Heard of Swordstorm?

He took a deep breath.
His muscles began to tighten as he exerted force.
Lu Ming entered combat mode.
The battle sword in his hand was very big and heavy, but before Lu Ming’s strength, it was equivalent to an ordinary person carrying a five-kilogram iron rod. Besides some slight effort in gripping it, it did not burden Lu Ming too much.
His waist and abdomen contracted.
Power was transmitted from his waist to his upper body.
Simultaneously, his thighs began to exert force.
Lu Ming leaped down from the wall with a big stride. As soon as he landed, he started spinning crazily like a top!
Admittedly, Lu Ming’s actions were a little comical.
Of course, that was assuming Lu Ming was not holding the 40-meter-long sword.
When the sword started spinning along with Lu Ming, the comical movements immediately turned into a scene straight out of a horror movie!
And a second later, a storm arose!
It was known that the sword was 40 meters long, and Lu Ming’s arm was nearly a meter long!
When Lu Ming started spinning, he drew a circle centered on himself with a radius of 41 meters.
An 82-meter diameter.
The heavy sword.
The sharp blade.
Lu Ming’s unparalleled strength.
The incredibly fast rotation and absolute speed of movement!
With all these factors combined, a catastrophe befell the horde of zombies!
The wind was calm today.
But when Lu Ming started spinning, Sima Xiao felt a strong gust of wind.
A gentle breeze brushed against him, gradually intensifying until it became a howling gale.
He saw the eye of the storm raised by Lu Ming, charging at the forefront of the zombie tide. The zombies at the front were swept up like straw in a tornado, thrown into the air or reduced to a pile of flesh.
The furious wind turned blood-red in an instant.
The swirling winds scattered decaying flesh and shattered bones, creating a disastrous scene.
Sima Xiao was briefly astonished by Lu Ming’s power but quickly regained his composure.
“No worries, stay calm!”
Lu Ming’s strength was indeed astonishing, far surpassing that of the Tanks.
But he was just one person, only one person!
And being a human, he would tire and get exhausted.
As long as he was human, it was impossible for him to defeat an army of hundreds of thousands of zombies!
That was common sense!
At least it was Sima Xiao’s common sense.
However, Lu Ming was anything but conventional.
Inside the shelter.
On the outer defense line of the observation tower.
Standing on the stone platform erected by Li Zitong, everyone gazed at the blood-colored storm raised by Lu Ming in the distance and was silent for a long time.
After a moment, it was Zhao Yongchun who spoke with concern. “Brother Lu, is there a problem…”
Lu Ming was the guardian of the shelter and even the entire human race.
At this moment, Lu Ming jumped down from the observation tower and fought the zombie wave one-on-one. It would be a lie to say that they were not worried.
After all, Lu Ming had never had any experience in close combat with the zombie wave.
If anything happened to Brother Lu, one could imagine the future situation.
But Zhang Chengcheng calmly said, “Brother Lu will be fine, 100%!”
She had always trusted Lu Ming 100%.
Next to her, Zhao Honglei continued, “Yongchun doesn’t doubt Brother Lu Ming’s abilities, but there’s indeed something troubling.”
As he spoke, Zhao Honglei pointed at the blood-colored storm that Lu Ming had stirred up in the distance and said, “His combat tactics don’t make sense.”
Beside him, Wang Xiong nodded slightly in agreement.
There were two problems:
The first was the weapon.
A 40-meter-long sword looked cool, and it was also very fun to wield. However, a massive weapon was cumbersome and reduced adaptability. This was a very dangerous thing in group battles.
Moreover, the physical energy required to swing such a large weapon was also an issue.
The second was the movement.
Lu Ming’s swordstorm-like moves looked quite cool. However, there was one thing to consider, spinning in circles could make a person dizzy….
Once dizzy, it would be challenging to stand steadily, let alone engage in combat.
Zhang Chengcheng’s light voice entered everyone’s ears, silencing them all.
“Oh, I forgot to mention something. Brother Lu just leveled up again, just now. His physical attributes have doubled.
“Now, do you still think the things you said are a problem for Brother Lu?”
As it turned out, the concerns of Zhao Honglei and others were entirely unfounded when it came to Lu Ming!
With 450 points in his three-dimensional attributes…
“You should know that theoretically, the three-dimensional attributes of a Level 4 Awakened are around 80 points, and even slightly stronger zombies at 100 points are manageable!
In other words, in terms of attributes alone, Lu Ming’s attributes were more than four times that of a Level 4! and over twice as strong as a Level 5! He was stronger than theoretically a Level 6!
Therefore, Lu Ming did not feel tired.
The 40-meter long sword in Lu Ming’s hand was as easy to wield as an ordinary person holding a thin iron rod and spinning it in circles did not consume much energy.
Even if he was really tired, he could just slow down a bit.
Of course, Lu Ming’s version of ‘slow’ was different from that of an ordinary person – his slow was enough to wreak havoc among the horde of zombies.
As for dizziness, it was the same.
As his physical condition became less human-like, some of the physiological phenomena of humans became less apparent in Lu Ming.
His tolerance for dizziness was absurdly high.
Besides, there was that saying again.
If you feel dizzy, just slow down…
There was no need to spin too fast or pursue maximum speed.
As long as that Swordstorm could instantly kill the zombies, that was enough.
In short, the current Lu Ming was quite relaxed.
He was so at ease that he could easily adjust his pace and charge towards Sima Xiao at a faster movement speed.I
The principle here was to capture the leader first.
When he saw the blood-colored storm rapidly approaching him, Sima Xiao also lost his composure.
He asked a question from the bottom of his heart.
“What’s going on with this guy!?”
From the performance, Lu Ming exhibited much greater strength than a Tank.
But this was illogical.
If you’re so much stronger than a Tank, you have to be Level 5, right?
To advance from Level 4 to Level 5, you needed Level 4 zombie crystals, right? 10 Level 4 zombie crystals at that.
Sima Xiao had an understanding of the evolution speed of zombies.
Finding 10 Level 4 Zombie Kings in Nanxiang was possible.
But silently killing 10 Level 4 Zombie Kings and completing the advancement? That was impossible..
As a Tier 4 Devourer, how could Sima Xiao not sense the advancement fluctuations of a Level 5 Awakened?
It was sure that Nanxiang currently had no Level 5 or Level 5!
Therefore, in Sima Xiao’s view, the man playing with the Swordstorm was someone who should not exist in the first place.
“What’s going on here?”
It looked bewildered and turned to look behind.
However, he realized that Lian Jie and Simba had long disappeared.
Sima Xiao,”…”
It did not run away either.
In fact, it did not think that Simba and Lian Jie had fled either. It assumed they were hiding among the zombie horde, preparing to ambush.
So, the truth was…
Sima Xiao could not comprehend the seriousness of the current situation.
Until it saw….
A Tank roaring and charging towards the blood-colored storm.
“Yes, that’s it!”
“My guards, stop him and tear him apart!”
Sima Xiao secretly thought so…
It could still barely maintain a calm expression.
Until the flesh and blood of the same tier covered its face..


CHAPTER-82
Chapter 82: Run Fast, He’s Going Crazy Showing Off!

The moment the Tanks charged straight at Lu Ming, this place became the focal point of the battlefield.
Everything seemed to slow down.
Whether it was Sima Xiao, the other three Tanks, Lian Jie and Simba, who had hidden themselves, or Wang Xiong, Zhang Chengcheng, and the others in the gathering place, they were all staring intently!
This was because the outcome of the battle between Lu Ming and the Level 4 Zombie King could, to some extent, decide everything!
Closer…
The Tank was getting closer and closer to the Swordstorm…
“Yes, that’s it!”
“My guards, stop him and tear him apart!”
Sima Xiao’s face was filled with madness, his eyes turning red.
“Brother Lu, don’t fail!”
Wang Xiong and the others prayed crazily in their hearts.
“My Brother Lu is my Brother Lu…”
Zhang Chengcheng’s eyes were filled with affection. She only focused on Lu Ming’s strong and agile figure and did not pay attention to the outcome of the battle between Lu Ming and the Tank—because in her eyes, the outcome was clear, wasn’t it?
‘just how strong is that monster?”
Hidden in a building, Lian Jie and Simba peeped out sneakily through the window gap. Once Lu Ming showed any sign of weakness, the two vultures would definitely change their wretched appearance and rush up to tear a piece of meat off Lu Ming’s body!
Until the Tank successfully charged to the edge of the storm.
It let out a powerful roar, and the pink muscles on its entire body bulged. Its already mountain-like body expanded again.
Lifting its hands, it focused on the edge of the storm.
As the blade came closer and closer, the Tank suddenly squatted to lower its center of gravity while extending its hands, preparing to use its hands to fiercely block the blade and disrupt the storm’s momentum.
In terms of decision-making, this was not a big problem.
Although a Tank’s intelligence was not high, its combat instinct was still terrifying.
The only problem was that the Tank had underestimated the power of Lu Ming’s sword swing!
Just as the Tank was about to reach the blade with its bare hands…
Lu Ming increased his strength by five times…
“Hmph.”
With the intention of conserving his stamina and not getting dizzy, Lu Ming’s rotational speed was only maintained at about one-tenth of his maximum speed.
When he saw the Tank charging towards him, Lu Ming thought for a moment and realized that one-tenth of the strength might have a risk of going off course. So he adjusted his strength to half of his full power.
The sudden increase in rotation speed caught the Tank completely off guard!
It watched as the enormous blade swiftly passed through its still-unclasped hands and sliced through its body like a hot knife cutting through butter.
Everything was progressing too quickly.
It was so fast that the Tank could not react in time.
Its right hand heavily slapped against the blade while roaring excitedly.
The roar seemed to be saying, “Look! This is bare-handedly facing the blade! I caught him!”
From the corner of his eye, he could faintly see Sima Xiao’s despairing gaze.
The pain made the Tank shudder.
It suddenly realized something…
It had lost all feeling below his chest…
Also, I had clearly blocked the large sword. Why didn’t the storm dissipate?
The even more turbulent winds swept away all the thoughts of the Tank.
All the onlookers could see was the Tank, left with only one hand, its head, and a small portion of its upper body, being lifted high by the storm. A large amount of blood and minced flesh stripped away from its already mangled body, flying in all directions with the turbulent wind.
And Sima Xiao, who was right in front, bore the brunt of it. The Tank’s debris smacked him in the face.
Instant kill.
Yes, a one-hit kill!
There was no second possibility, nor would there be one. After all, this was a full 4-5 times difference in all attributes! This gap was probably comparable to that between a healthy adult male and a one-year-old baby.
Or perhaps even greater!
Sima Xiao was thoroughly stunned this time.
Even with blood and flesh smeared on his face, Sima Xiao could not stop himself from muttering in confusion.
“How is this possible?”
“This is impossible, right?!”
“What’s happened to this world?”
“That’s a Tier 4 Tank… In terms of physical strength, it’s a Tank that’s physically stronger than me…”
Nanxiang did not have a Tier 5.
However, there was a monster that could instantly kill a Tier 4 Tank!
Does that make sense?
It doesn’t make sense at all!
Until the turbulent gusts of wind awakened Sima Xiao’s sanity.
He looked at Lu Ming who was getting closer and closer,
A shrill “Ah” rang out.
It emitted a terrified scream, almost like that of a little girl!
The moment the tank was instantly torn apart by Lu Ming, the entire battlefield seemed to have paused.
Everyone and the zombies watched in a daze as half of Tank’s body flew into the sky and the other half fell to the ground. Then, they looked at the rapidly accelerating storm…
Until another “Ah” broke out.
Sima Xiao’s voice changed in pitch as he screamed, bringing everyone back to their senses.
Everyone in the shelter heaved a sigh of relief.
There was no need to say more.
The situation had stabilized.
The Tanks and zombies let out even more ferocious roars.
These mindless fools actually did not know fear. Bloodthirst and brutality had already seeped into their bones.
Even though the Tank’s death had proven Lu Ming’s strength, they still had no concept of escaping.
And this suited the Devourers just fine.
“Charge! Everyone, get him!!”
After screaming, Sima Xiao immediately regained his composure.
With a red face, it issued an order to all the zombies to surround and kill Lu Ming, while its eight tentacles waved wildly, pulling it back frantically.
Where could it run to?
II had no idea.”
However, running was the right thing to do, the further away from that monster, the better, there was no need to think about anything else.
In a certain building.
Simba waved its tentacles and pulled the curtains shut in one go.
Turning to look at the trembling Lian Jie, Simba said, “Stop looking and run! He’s crazily showing off!”
“If we don’t run now, we’re done for!”
Lian Jie nodded like a chick pecking at rice.
He could not help but feel grateful to Simba.
“Brother, you’re clever. You’re much smarter than that Sima Xiao…”
From the corner of his eye, he saw Sima Xiao escaping.
Lu Ming immediately chased after it!
This Devourer was one Lu Ming had not seen before.
But it sure know how to show off.
Standing at the center position during a battle clearly indicated that it was the mastermind behind the awakening of the zombie horde this time—Lu Ming thought, anyone else could run, but not you!
Since he was already here…
The Devourer was actually very fast. After all, it had eight more tentacles than other zombies.
At this moment, Sima Xiao was focused on running away. Lu Ming actually realized that he could not catch up to it.
After thinking about it, Lu Ming decided to dispel the Swordstorm.
Standing amidst the pile of broken corpses and looking at Sima Xiao’s receding figure in the distance, Lu Ming took a deep breath.
Just then, there was a loud bang.
He shot into the sky like a rocket!
The 40-meter-long sword did not glow under the dim sunlight, but the bloodstains on the blade added a touch of domineering to the weapon!
He did not know how high he had jumped.
All he knew was that when he came crashing back down with a loud “boom,” he was already in front of Sima Xiao!
Looking at the figure in front of him holding a large sword, Sima Xiao knelt down without a word!
“Big Brother, I was wrong. Spare me..”


CHAPTER-83
Chapter 83: Spare Your Life?

Sima Xiao considered himself adaptable, just like his tentacles.
In this situation where the monster had clearly targeted him, he was willing to beg for mercy, even if it meant kneeling or doing something more shameful.
Looking at the very human-like Tier 4 zombie in front of him, Lu Ming thought for a moment and said, “You can talk?”
Sima Xiao flashed a fawning smile, “Yes, I can, sir.”
“And you also know how to beg for mercy…”
“Yes, I can do that too.”
Lu Ming gasped, “You’re not lacking in intelligence…”
Sima Xiao’s expression froze and he was speechless.
High intelligence meant that he knew how to play tricks, which meant that he was more dangerous under the same circumstances.
At this moment, when he heard Lu Ming’s compliment, Sima Xiao did not feel honored. Instead, he felt that he was one step closer to defeat.
Lu Ming saw Sima Xiao’s expression and even vaguely guessed what it was thinking.
Slowly squinting his eyes, Lu Ming made up his mind.
However…
There were some issues that needed to be addressed first.
“Do tentacle monsters like you have a name?”
Faced with Lu Ming’s question, Sima Xiao was quite willing to share everything!
“Yes, zombies like my type are called Devourers.”
“What about the big guys?”
“Those are called Tanks.”
“Are they all Level 4?”
“Yes, all of them are Level 4?”
“Do you have any special abilities?”
Sima Xiao’s eyes darted around, considering lying and making himself appear useless. But then he saw Lu Ming lifting the big sword and patting his shoulder with the heavy blade…
It felt like its shoulder was crushed.
In this situation, Sima Xiao decisively suppressed his scheming thoughts and hastily replied, “Tanks are an advanced version of Tyrants and have no special abilities! Devourers, on the other hand, can obtain special abilities by devouring Awakened ones, hence the name Devourers!”
“Of course, we all have the ability to command low-level zombies.”
Lu Ming removed his sword and nodded gently. “Then you Devourers are very powerful.”
Sima Xiao smiled flatteringly again, “No, not that powerful. Definitely not as powerful as you, Big Brother.”
No shit…’
‘With my system, of course, I’m powerful.’
Lu Ming naturally would not tell Sima Xiao about this. After thinking for a moment, he said, “It’s not impossible for me to spare your life… but you have to help me do something.”
Sima Xiao eagerly nodded, “Of course! No problem! Whatever Big Brother wants me to do, I’ll do it!!”
In order to survive, Sima Xiao was simply going all out.
Hearing this, Lu Ming raised his sword again.
“You said that you can control low-level zombies. Now, please get all the low-level zombies to come to me.”
Moving his feet lightly, Lu Ming activated th Swordstorm again. As he accelerated, he said, “After I deal with this zombie wave, I’ll seriously consider my arrangements for you.”
The Swordstorm was activated again.
But this time, Lu Ming did not need to go find the zombies; instead, the zombies came looking for him – which was very satisfying.
At least Lu Ming no longer had to worry about his house and supplies being destroyed.
“Everyone, come here!!”
Sima Xiao roared at the sky, giving his command.
The voice sounded extremely domineering… but it still could not hide its treacherous nature.
However, this was not important.
In any case, the average zombies did not have high intelligence. If they were not stupid, who else could they scam?
“Ha.”
“Huh.”
“Hey!”
The three Tanks did not care about their senior’s fate at all; they were like ferocious generals who had fallen into a trap and were unafraid of death!
Then, they were hammered…
Following behind the Tanks were the Tyrants, Hunters, Giant Zombies, and even ordinary zombies.
The overwhelming number was about to drown Lu Ming.
However, after becoming an Awakened, Lu Ming not only had great strength and speed but also terrifying endurance.
The Swordstorm he set off, like an abyss, continuously devoured all the zombies.
Five hours later.
Inside the shelter.
Zhang Chengcheng and the others were still standing on the platform, dumbfounded, watching the diminishing zombie horde in the distance and the eye of the storm.
However, unlike before, there were several more people on the platform.
Huo Sheng, Bai Tianyu, and a few soldiers from the official shelter.
Their expressions were the same as Zhang Chengcheng and the others—open-mouthed, as if their worldviews had collapsed.
In fact, Bai Tianyu, Huo Sheng, and the others had already arrived at the battlefield when Lu Ming killed the first Tank in the morning,.
They had brought along Awakened ones and heavy weapons.
What they carried was a determination to fight to the death!
It was definitely impossible to give up the gathering place on Guangping Street and Lu Ming. Huo Sheng still understood the logic of sharing a common fate.
Therefore, in fact, Huo Sheng had already treated this battle as a life and death battle for the survivors of Nanxiang City!
With determination and courage to fight to the death, Bai Tianyu and the others arrived at the front line.
Unexpectedly, Lu Ming’s solo show had completely refreshed their worldview!
They stood there for five hours.
After watching Lu Ming’s personal show for five hours.
It was only when the zombie wave was about to be defeated that Huo Sheng smiled bitterly. “We came here for nothing…”
It was indeed a wasted trip.
The Awakened in the official shelter had come for nothing.
The activation of heavy weapons and so on was in vain.
Bai Tianyu did not respond to Huo Sheng’s words.
He just stared at Lu Ming intently until Huo Sheng pushed his arm. “What are you thinking about?”
Bai Tianyu shook his head gently and asked in confusion, “I was just thinking that Lu Ming and I are both humans. Why is the difference so big?”
Bai Tianyu could no longer understand Lu Ming’s strength…
However, he was greatly shocked!
Huo Sheng smiled freely. “Don’t think too much if you don’t understand. Let’s go. Come with me.”
“Where are we going?”
“The front line, find Lu Ming and…”
As he spoke, Huo Sheng vaguely looked at Sima Xiao, who was kneeling on the ground and not daring to move.
“And that thing.”
The Swordstorm that lasted from morning to afternoon finally stopped.
It was as if the dark clouds had dissipated today, revealing the warm afternoon sun.
Sunlight fell from the sky and shone on the ground, illuminating the forty-meter-long sword, the man as strong as a bear, and the scarlet carpet under the man’s feet, as well as the Tentacle Monster kneeling at the man’s feet not far away.
At this moment, Lu Ming’s chest was heaving.
He was indeed a little tired. He felt a little tired—like a university student with good physical fitness who had run a thousand meters.
After resting for a while to calm his breathing, Lu Ming took a deep breath, but he only felt that his mouth and nose were filled with the smell of blood.
He turned to look around.
The zombie tide had already turned into minced meat that covered an area of a few kilometers. Blood-red substances covered the ground, and it felt soft and sticky when one stepped on it.
Not far away, Bai Tianyu and Huo Sheng walked over quickly on this ground and quickly arrived beside Lu Ming..


CHAPTER-84
Chapter 84: Sword Strikes A Level 4!

“Is everything all right?”
Huo Sheng greeted him and saw Lu Ming nod in response.
Lu Ming picked up the deformed big sword again and turned to look at Sima Xiao.
He saw Sima Xiao revealing an expression that seemed between laughter and tears.
Sima Xiao was in complete despair.
Whether he was a traitor or not did not matter to Sima Xiao, he had no burden for being one.
The crucial point was…
It really wanted to run away.
However, he just could not escape!
Whenever it tried to make a move while Lu Ming was entangled by the zombies, the cold and sharp blade would always erase its thoughts of escaping.
‘So… let’s leave it at that…’
Sima Xiao sighed deeply in its heart. When he saw Lu Ming, Huo Sheng, and Bai Tianyu walking towards him, Sima Xiao immediately adjusted his expression and quickly spoke up.
“Big Brother is awesome! Big Brother is mighty! Big Brother is eternal!!”
Flattery!
He had to flatter!
If it didn’t make big brother feel comfortable, wasn’t it just courting death?
Before Lu Ming could say anything, Sima Xiao immediately added.
“Big Brother, do you think my ability to summon zombies is reliable?”
Lu Ming was stunned for a moment before nodding, “Quite impressive.”
A Tier 4 Devourer could control a large number of zombies. Just now, during the cooperation between Lu Ming and Sima Xiao, tens of thousands of zombies were unable to break free, showing how well Sima Xiao could control the lower-level zombies.
Sima Xiao crawled forward on his knees and smiled flatteringly at Lu Ming and the others, “So, my value is not small!”
“Big Brother, think about it. If you spare me, I can help you gather the zombies. We won’t need to make such a big fuss anymore. With just a hundred thousand or eighty thousand at a time, you won’t need more than a few days to exterminate all the zombies in Nanxiang!”
“Then Nanxiang will be under big brother’s control, right?”
“Big Brother, what do you think of my idea?”
Bai Tianyu was a bit stunned but quickly became intrigued…
This idea was feasible… extremely feasible!
With Lu Ming’s strength and Sima Xiao gathering the zombies, it would be like leading the zombies voluntarily to the slaughterhouse, waiting to be slaughtered one by one.
In no time, the entire Nanxiang would be completely pacified!
Lu Ming and Huo Sheng, however, remained expressionless.
Huo Sheng gently tugged at Lu Ming’s sleeve and shook his head.
No matter how impressively Sima Xiao spoke, it could not change one fact—a zombie with high intelligence like him really must not be allowed to live. The danger was too great. Letting it go was like releasing a tiger back to the mountain!
Lu Ming nodded and could not help but mutter.
“I’m very busy. I really don’t have time to play these tricks with you on slaughtering the zombies.”
This time, the zombie wave attacked the city.
The siege wasted Lu Ming’s entire morning.
He had not exercised, had no lunch, could not take a nap, and had not farmed his daily attributes…
Lu Ming’s heart ached at the thought of this loss!!
That was a 2.3 three-dimensional attribute!
Currently, the path to becoming an Awakened had been cleared.
Lu Ming was currently a Level 1 Awakened. Level 1 was 2.3 attributes, Level 2 was 4.6, and Level 3 was 9.2! Let alone Level 4 and 5!
Based on this estimation, Lu Ming had lost 100 million worth of attributes!
This data was enough to turn the world upside down, but it was delayed by a zombie wave today.
Not to mention that Sima Xiao had let Lu Ming become an Awakened one prematurely… How many attributes did Lu Ming lose?
He could not think too deeply about it…
Just thinking about it, Lu Ming felt a bit of a murderous intent toward Si Ma Xiao.
The cold killing intent flowed out, making Sima Xiao shiver.
It hastily added, “Brother! Big Brother! I still have other uses!”
“I have a superpower, big brother! I have a superpower that can foresee the future! This will definitely be useful for you guys! I also have fire, ice, strength, and healing superpowers!”
“I also know the secret about the Holy Tower!”
Huo Sheng frowned. “What Holy Tower?”
Sima Xiao hurriedly said, “That’s the Holy Tower!” It pointed at the tall tower in the city center and said, “The Black fog! You all know about the black fog, right? The black fog around Nanxiang City! My ability to predict the future tells me that a great crisis will emerge from the black fog one day in the future! Only by going to the Holy Tower can we avoid that deadly situation!”
Huo Sheng and Lu Ming said in unison, “Tell us in detail?”
Sima Xiao was stunned for a moment before saying bitterly, “I can’t go into detail about this…”
Because the power of Future Prediction could not be actively used, what it could see was only fragments of the future. There were really no details left.
In that case…
The value of a united front was reduced…
Realizing this, Sima Xiao quickly added, “Big Brother, give me some time. If not, you can tie me up. This ability will be activated again one day! Once it’s activated, I will definitely know more secrets about the Holy Tower.”
“Mm—”
Lu Ming pondered for a while.
The more he thought about it, the angrier he became!
Damn, 2.3 attribute points!!
All gone because of you!!
Beside him, Huo Sheng timely said, “I need its body cells for research… Well, I only need its body cells.”
As soon as he finished speaking, a saber beam flashed!
In the next second, Sima Xiao was split into two by Lu Ming.
From the beginning, Lu Ming had never considered sparing Si Ma Xiao – no matter how impressive its words were, no matter how persuasive it tried to be, it was of no use.
Lu Ming was a human, and Sima Xiao was a zombie.
The zombies ate humans.
This was the fundamental contradiction that would never change!
As long as the premise of zombies eating humans existed, no matter how high Sima Xiao’s value was, it could not stop Lu Ming’s determination to kill it.
He split Si Ma Xiao in half from the middle, and the two halves fell to the ground. Because he feared the Devourer’s healing ability, Lu Ming waited for Huo Sheng to take some experimental samples and then he immediately took out his sword to crush Sima Xiao to ashes. Even finding remnants the size of a fingernail was considered a testament to Lu Ming’s unskilled swordsmanship.
Afterward, Lu Ming even stood there and waited for nearly an hour.
After confirming that Sima Xiao was truly dead, he sheathed his sword and deactivated his combat mode.
He opened the attribute panel and looked at his stats.
Lu Ming’s heart ached with joy.
Distress over the 2.3…
He did not engage in systematic exercise today, nor did he eat or sleep well. His attributes indeed did not increase.
The joy was in the skill level!
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Level 1
Age: 25 years old
Strength: 450.7
Physique: 462.1
Agility: 445-6
Free Attribute Points: 0
Superpower: Awakening in progress…
Fitness lvi9 (251/1900).
The fitness skill had leveled up again. According to the proficiency calculations, it had increased by a whole 551 proficiency points!
Just like Lu Ming’s previous comprehension—daily exercise could also be categorized as fitness.
Does walking in circles count as fitness?
It counted.
Does killing zombies count as a fitness?
Also, yes!
Then, does spinning around and killing zombies count as fitness?
Of course, it does!
Slingshot shooting, crossbow shooting, archery, firearms shooting, unarmed combat, basic marksmanship, throwing, and resistance stances had not increased at all—because Lu Ming had not used them.
On the other hand, his level in close combat with cold weapons had increased again!
Cold Weapon Combat Lv22 (731/2200) – Level 24 (213/2400)!.
Strength and stamina each increased by 4.7 points.
Using a 40-meter-long sword to slash zombies certainly fell under the category of close combat with cold weapons, and Lu Ming had been slashing for the entire morning, resulting in a considerable increase in the skill level.
Unfortunately, Lu Ming did not obtain skills like Basic Swordsmanship or Swordstorm – probably because he had not undergone systematic learning, so the attribute system did not trigger those skills.
What a pity…
Lu Ming could not help but think this way.
If he had mastered the Basic Swordsmanship skill, how much would his swordsmanship have improved after this morning’s efforts?
Well, he just wondered if a forty-meter-long big sword was considered a proper sword…


CHAPTER-85
Chapter 85: Chengcheng’s Advancement and New Troubles

After the fierce battle, it was time for a big cleanup.
The ground filled with corpses had to be cleaned up. Leaving them unattended would not only pollute the environment but also pose the risk of diseases.
However, Lu Ming did not need to worry about these things.
The morning was already delayed by the zombies. If his afternoon was delayed as well, Lu Ming’s mentality would explode!
By the time Chengcheng finished cooking, it was already evening.
At the dining table, Zhang Chengcheng advised Lu Ming to rest for a day if he was tired, but Lu Ming firmly refused!
Taking a break was not an option.
A day’s worth of 2.4 three-dimensional attributes was equivalent to about one billion!
After dinner and a short rest, Lu Ming began his basic exercise for the day.
However, a problem arose.
Zhang Chengcheng’s superpower could no longer provide any pressure for Lu Ming!
As everyone knew, the growth and strengthening of muscles involve a process of damage and healing.
Once the training could not reach the level of damaging muscle fibers— in other words, if it was not strenuous enough, then muscle growth could not be achieved.
Chengcheng adjusted the power output of her superpower to the maximum.
When it landed on Lu Ming, it was just a drizzle. Exercising under this level of gravity was easier than walking for an ordinary person.
“Oh no!”
“Damn Sima Xiao!!”
If not for it, Lu Ming would not have become an Awakened, and he would not be facing this problem prematurely.
After cursing Sima Xiao again, Lu Ming looked at Zhang Chengcheng and said solemnly, “Let’s advance.”
“Tonight!”
Today was definitely an auspicious day for advancing.
First of all, Lu Ming needed it, so Zhang Chengcheng had no choice but to advance.
Secondly, the problem of zombie crystals that had troubled everyone had been resolved—in this tide, they had harvested at least several dozens of Tier 3 zombie crystals.
There were also five Tier 4 zombie crystals, which were still prepared for Zhang Chengcheng.
Finally, because the zombie tide had just passed, there should not be too many zombies around, so there was no need to worry about attracting another tide during the advancement.
Well, in fact, no one was worried about attracting a zombie tide during the advancement because with Lu Ming around, the zombie tide was like drizzling rain.
However, Lu Ming was worried about this… Because killing zombies was not his main job. His main job was to farm attributes. To let zombie killing interfere with his attribute leveling was foolish.
Zhang Chengcheng swallowed the Zombie Crystal.
Her ability fluctuated explosively.
It was also sensed by the two Tier 4 Devourers nearest to Good Hope Village.
As a result, the Devourers named Simba and Lian Jie fled even faster.
Zhang Chengcheng successfully advanced to Level 4.
Moreover, it did not trigger the zombie tide.
Lu Ming waited for Zhang Chengcheng to complete her advancement and realized that it was already 7:30 in the evening.
Taking a deep breath, Lu Ming said in a low voice, “Let’s practice!”
Nothing could stop Lu Ming’s determination to train!
However, when Zhang Chengcheng activated her superpower, Lu Ming realized that the problem was still not resolved!
Currently, the upper limit of Zhang Chengcheng’s superpower could create a 200-fold gravitational field.
However, the problem was that attributes did not increase linearly. There was a huge difference between an increase of 5-6 and an increase of 400-401.
The 200-fold gravity field still could not meet Lu Ming’s training needs!
Her superpower could not keep up with Lu Ming’s growth rate!
After struggling for a whole hour and seeing that his three-dimensional attributes had only increased by 0.1, Lu Ming fell into deep confusion.
What should he do?
Zhang Chengcheng brought even worse news when she spoke again, “Brother Lu, my stamina is not enough for me to use my superpower for a long time.”
As mentioned before, Zhang Chengcheng had to consume zombie crystals to replenish her superpower while assisting Lu Ming in his exercises.
At Level 2, Zhang Chengcheng used Tier 1 zombie crystals.
At Level 3, Zhang Chengcheng used Tier 2 zombie crystals.
Now that Zhang Chengcheng had reached Level 4, she needed to use Tier 3 zombie crystals.
However, where could they get so many Tier 3 zombie crystals for Zhang Chengcheng to consume?
He looked up at Zhang Chengcheng in a daze. It took a moment for Lu Ming to snap back to reality…
He said dispiritedly, “Forget it, let’s not train today. Let’s wait until tomorrow.”
That night, Lu Ming returned home and finished the daily task of counting supplies.
He discovered another piece of grievous news.
The supplies were running low…
Today, Lu Ming became an Awakened individual, but he only had one meal.
However, the consumption of this one meal was equivalent to the consumption of an entire day’s worth of supplies yesterday.
Just like an ordinary person becoming an Awakener, the body’s attributes doubled, and so did the appetite.
Lu Ming had become an Awakened, his attributes doubled, and his appetite was no exception to this law.
Moreover, now that Zhang Chengcheng had advanced to Level 4&gt; Lu Ming was in charge of her meals. Zhang Chengcheng’s appetite had certainly increased as well— two rice bowls evolved into rice barrels, and the consumption of ingredients increased day by day.
A preliminary estimate showed that Lu Ming’s supplies might only last for a month.
At ten in the evening.
Lu Ming lay in bed, tossing and turning, unable to sleep. His mind was filled with these words, attributes and food.
As the saying went, the one who gained the Tao would have many companions; the one who lost the Tao would have few companions.
Just as Lu Ming was tossing and turning in bed, the news that Brother Lu was in trouble had already spread throughout the entire gathering place through Zhang Chengcheng’s mouth.
If something happened to Brother Lu, it was a big deal!
It was even a matter of life and death for all the survivors!
“First problem, food. Everyone knows that I’m the one cooking for Brother Lu now. Recently, Brother Lu’s recipe has added a lot of canned food. I think Brother Lu doesn’t have much food reserves.”
After Zhang Chengcheng said this, Wang Xiong immediately said, “That’s not a big problem.”
Brother Lu protected everyone and everyone fed Brother Lu. This was very reasonable, right?
Even though Brother Lu Ge usually did not like accepting food from others and did not like eating with everyone else.
That was fine. Wang Xiong was confident that he could persuade Brother Lu to accept the food provided by the gathering place.
At the side, Meng Jie smiled and said, “The food problem isn’t difficult. We don’t have enough, but the official shelter should have some! Just tell Huo Sheng that Lu Ming is running out of food. Even if he starves himself to death, he definitely won’t let Lu Ming go hungry.”
Zhang Chengcheng nodded. In fact, in her opinion, food was indeed not a big problem.
She brought up the second issue.
“The second problem is that Brother Lu’s daily training has encountered resistance. He’s too strong. It’s very difficult for my superpower to work on Brother Lu again.”
Everyone in the gathering place knew that Lu Ming’s superpower was a growth-type superpower. At this moment, Zhang Chengcheng’s question meant that Lu Ming’s growth speed would stagnate.
It was as if a bucket of cold water had been poured over everyone’s heads, making their hearts turn cold.
This was going to be fatal…
After some thought, Wang Xiong could not sit still any longer.
“If we want to resolve this matter, we still have to rely on the superpowers of the Awakened.”
Because of Zhang Chengcheng, Lu Ming’s previous training was not interrupted. Without her superpower, Lu Ming might not have been able to gain attributes through daily exercise once he surpassed 50.
As soon as this problem arose, Wang Xiong immediately thought of superpowers.
He had to find a new assistant for Brother Lu.
With this thought in mind, Wang Xiong wasted no time and prepared to make a trip to the official shelter in the middle of the night.
There were many people there, and there were many Awakened ones.
Naturally, there would be many solutions..


CHAPTER-86
Chapter 86: New Assistance

Day 73 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Tuesday.
When he woke up, Lu Ming felt a bit down.
Thinking that today was another day without any attributes to farm, Lu Ming could not find the motivation to do anything.
Just then, the doorbell rang, Lu Ming got out of bed and went to the door. He turned on the display screen and saw Zhang Chengcheng standing outside.
“Brother Lu, Huo Sheng is here and he wants to talk to you about something.”
Lu Ming nodded. “Tell him to wait a moment. I’ll go and freshen up.”
After washing up, Lu Ming went to the door.
Click, click, click, click, click. He unlocked the door and pushed open the door. What greeted his eyes was a row of neatly arranged large trucks.
Bai Tianyu was standing in front of the trucks. When he saw Lu Ming, he hurriedly went forward and saluted.
“Brother Lu.”
“Colonel Bai!”
After greeting them, Lu Ming raised his chin at the convoy and asked curiously, “What is all this…”
“Condiments, rice flour, oil, frozen meat, dehydrated vegetables, and canned food that can last for a long time.”
“Now, all of this belongs to Mr. Lu.”
Lu Ming was taken aback at first but quickly waved his hand, “I can’t accept this.”
Lu Ming had always adhered to one principle—never take others’ belongings.
If one accepted advantages from others, one would have to return the favor.
If he owed someone a favor, he would have to repay it with kindness. With too many obligations, he would not have time to farm his attributes.
Hearing this, and looking at Lu Ming’s reaction and expression, Bai Tianyu immediately sighed softly. “It’s exactly as Professor Huo said.”
Lu Ming, “What did you say?”
Bai Tianyu’s expression turned serious and he said, “It’s nothing.”
Before coming here, Huo Sheng had already anticipated Lu Ming’s reaction, which was exactly as he described.
That was why Bai Tianyu already had a way to make Lu Ming accept the supplies willingly.
He said, “Brother Lu, you might be mistaken about something.”
“These supplies are not gifts; they are your well-deserved rewards.”
“Rewards?”
“Yes, rewards.” As he spoke, Bai Tianyu turned around and pointed at Lu Ming’s observation tower. “You clear the zombies near the safe zone every afternoon, and according to the shelter’s regulations, you get rewarded for your work. With your strength and the heavy tasks you undertake, it’s only natural that you receive more rewards.”
Hearing Bai Tianyu’s words, Lu Ming felt a little embarrassed. “What you said makes sense, but my salary is too high.”
Bai Tianyu smiled and said, “The salary is only a small portion. The other resources are also your remuneration. However, it’s not your remuneration for guarding the tower, but the remuneration for zombie crystals and Tier 4 research materials.”
“You cleaned up so many zombies in the battle yesterday. Logically speaking, the zombie crystals should be yours, but we took a lot of them. We can’t take your things for no reason, so this food is compensation for you.”
Listening to Bai Tianyu, Lu Ming began to accept the explanation.
As he walked around the convoy, Lu Ming’s mood brightened.
There were plenty of supplies, enough to last Lu Ming and Zhang Chengcheng for at least half a year.
This would definitely alleviate Lu Ming’s immediate needs.
He stopped being pretentious and turned to thank Bai Tianyu with a smile. Then, Bai Tianyu said, “When I came this morning, Li Zitong had already built a cellar for you. Coincidentally, the official shelter has transported a batch of ice blocks and the supplies can be stored there for a short period of time without going bad. What do you think?”
Lu Ming immediately nodded. “Of course, that’s great. I appreciate your help.”
There was indeed not enough room for so many supplies in the basement of his home.
Bai Tianyu waved his hand, “The cellar is also the reward you deserve.”
With Bai Tianyu’s help, Lu Ming moved the supplies into the cellar.
The cellar was about ten meters away from Lu Ming’s home and had a sturdy door lock. After finishing the task, Bai Tianyu handed the key to Lu Ming, completing the handover.
The replenished supplies gave Lu Ming a great sense of security.
But, when he thought about how he might not be able to farm attributes anymore, Lu Ming could not help but feel depressed.
Seeing this, Bai Tianyu coughed lightly and said, “Professor Huo would like to meet you. He’s in your dining room. Are you available?”
Lu Ming nodded, “Yes, I am available.”
Since Zhang Chengcheng was not too helpful in enhancing his attributes, his daily farming of attributes was forced to stop.
Now, Lu Ming was feeling a bit idle.
He went to the outdoor dining room and found Zhang Chengcheng had already prepared breakfast.
Buns filled with canned meat.
A total of 300 big buns in five pots were placed on the dining table, steaming hot and appetizing.
Sitting at his usual spot, Lu Ming ate while looking at Huo Sheng and another woman in military uniform sitting opposite him.
When Lu Ming’s gaze swept over, Huo Sheng smiled gently, “Let me introduce her. This is an Awakened person from the official shelter, Wei Lan.”
The woman named Wei Lan was about 20 years old, with ordinary features but an excellent figure.
When she noticed Lu Ming’s gaze, Wei Lan immediately stood up and saluted him, “Hello, Mr. Lu. I’ve heard so much about you.”
Lu Ming swallowed the bun and nodded with a smile, “Hello, Ms. Wei.”
Then, he looked at Huo Sheng.
It was fine if he came alone, but what did he mean by bringing a woman?
Facing Lu Ming’s puzzled gaze, Huo Sheng smiled and said, “I heard that Mr. Lu encountered some trouble yesterday. I’m here today to resolve this matter.”
Before Lu Ming could ask further, Huo Sheng said, “Ms. Wei Lan is a Level 2 Awakened. Her superpower is quite interesting. It’s called the Weakening Curse.”
“As for the effect, it can make people fall into a weak state.”
Lu Ming was slightly stunned. He looked at Wei Lan again, his gaze much more serious.
He was not stupid.
Naturally, he knew what his problem was.
He could also guess that the Weakening Curse ability might be of help to him.
After finishing a fist-sized bun in two bites, Lu Ming wiped his mouth and said excitedly, “Let’s try it!”
The experiment took place in the dining room.
When Lu Ming was ready, Wei Lan raised her hands and aimed at Lu Ming.
A dim black light shot out from her hands and landed on Lu Ming’s body. Lu Ming immediately felt his body grow heavy.
He opened the attribute panel and saw that his attributes had changed.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Level 1
Strength: 450.8 (225.4).
Physique: 462.2 (231.1) f.
Agility: 445-7 (222.8) J
Attributes were halved!
This superpower was truly terrifying!
However, when Lu Ming exerted a little strength, he immediately felt the weakness quickly dissipate. Meanwhile, Wei Lan, who was opposite him, trembled and screamed as if she had suffered a heavy blow, immediately falling to the ground.
“Blargh.”
Wei Lan spat out a mouthful of sour gastric liquid.
Her face was pale, and she was dizzy and could not get up for a long time.
Lu Ming scratched his head awkwardly. “I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
Zhang Chengcheng helped Wei Lan up. Huo Sheng observed Wei Lan’s condition and said, “It’s not your fault. You’re too strong and she’s too weak. It’s only natural that her superpower can’t affect you.”
Unlike Zhang Chengcheng’s Gravity superpower, Wei Lan’s Weakening Curse was a targeted ability and its effectiveness depended on the relative strength between the two parties.
From this perspective, Zhang Chengcheng’s superpower was indeed very powerful.
Lu Ming sighed in disappointment, “So, Ms. Wei is not the right answer.”
However, Huo Sheng shook his head. “Not necessarily. If your superpower is not strong, you can advance. If you can’t advance to Level 2, it does not mean you can’t advance to Level 4..”


CHAPTER-87
Chapter 87: The Two Evolution Paths of the Zombie and the Mysterious Black Mist

Lu Ming’s attributes enhancement was the highest priority!
This was currently the consensus between the official shelter and the Guangping Street shelter.
Although zombie crystals were very precious, when it came to Lu Ming’s growth speed, even the most precious zombie crystal seemed insignificant.
“Let Wei Lan advance first. We’ll see the effect after advancing to Level 4.” After Huo Sheng said this, Zhang Chengcheng led Wei Lan out of the kitchen. Poor Colonel Bai. He was supposed to be the martial force of the official shelter. It was fine if he could not become the first Level 4 Awakened, but now even the second place was out of reach…
After Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan left, only Lu Ming and Huo Sheng remained in the dining room. Lu Ming continued eating, and Huo Sheng said, “Since we’re idle anyway, you keep eating, and I’ll talk about the results of my research yesterday to pass the time.
There was no need to worry about advancing to the next level.
Yesterday, Zhang Chengcheng’s advancement had already proven that there were no zombies around, so naturally, there would not be a zombie wave attacking the city.”
After hearing this, Lu Ming continued eating when he heard Huo Sheng say, “Yesterday, I obtained a sample of the body tissue of a Tier 4 zombie. After conducting experiments, I discovered that zombies are indeed interesting.” “Although the two types of Tier 4 zombies are of the same origin and species, their evolutionary paths are completely different.”
There were two types of Tier 4 zombies. One was a Devourer, and the other was a Tank.
“Tanks are actually enhanced versions of Tyrants. They are faster, stronger, and larger, with astonishing destructive power. However, I discovered in my research that the Tank’s genome is chaotic and disorderly. It is basically certain that the Tank is a product of erroneous evolution.”
Lu Ming was not very interested in these things, but since they had time, he listened to Huo Sheng’s explanation.
When it came to his research, Huo Sheng’s emotions seemed to be somewhat excited.
“On the other hand, the Devourer is completely different from the Tank!” “This type of zombie evolution is quite perfect! Not only is its genome stable, but it can also absorb other beneficial genes to constantly improve its evolutionary path!”
“In layman’s terms, it is able to absorb the genes of the Awakened and gain control over the superpowers of the Awakened.”
“They also possess advanced intelligence!”
“At the moment, I have this speculation…”
“Mr. Lu, have you ever seen a highly intelligent low-level zombie?”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and could not help but nod. “I think I’ve seen it before.”
Not to mention the two Devourers that escaped yesterday.
At the beginning of the apocalypse, the giant zombie chasing after Wang Xiong was quite intelligent—it had a very mature hunting plan and saw through Wang Xiong’s trap.
Huo Sheng continued, “Such zombies are very rare, but considering the population size of Nanxiang City, no matter how rare they are, there will be a large number of intelligent zombies born in Nanxiang City.”
“Once such intelligent zombies evolve to Tier 4, there’s a high chance that they will take the evolution path of the Devourer.”
Compared to Tanks, the Devourer’s initial ability might not seem strong, but its growth potential was terrifying.
This was also the fundamental reason why Huo Sheng was willing to fully fund Lu Ming—in the entire Nanxiang City, only Lu Ming could withstand the highly intelligent and rapidly evolving Devourers.
As for whether a Level 4 Awakened could contend with a Devourer of the same level…
Huo Sheng was quite pessimistic about that.
After a long silence, Huo Sheng smiled freely when he saw Lu Ming eating the bun with a nonchalant expression.
“Fortunately, you’re here.”
He muttered in a low voice, causing Lu Ming to raise his eyebrows, “What do you mean, ‘fortunately, you’re here.’?”
“Nothing… Forget it, let’s not talk about this. Let’s discuss another matter.”
“It’s what Sima Xiao said about the black mist and the Holy Tower.”
When it came to this, Lu Ming became interested.
At this stage, Lu Ming actually did not care much about the zombies.
A Tier 4 zombie, be it Tanks or Devourers, were all insignificant before Lu Ming.
Especially after Lu Ming became an Awakened one, he was no longer afraid of the infection from the zombies, which allowed him to deal with them freely.
And Lu Ming could act freely…
Regarding this matter, Simba and Lian Jie were certainly the ones who had a say in it.
Compared to the zombies, the black mist and Holy Tower that Sima Xiao mentioned yesterday—actually intrigued Lu Ming more.
At that time, Sima Xiao said that in future, a huge crisis would appear in the black mist. Only by going to the Holy Tower could one escape from that deadly situation.
The focus was not on the black mist and the Holy Tower, but the great crisis.
Whether this great crisis could threaten Lu Ming or whether it would delay Lu Ming’s farming of attributes was a problem that Lu Ming needed to focus on.
After swallowing the food in his mouth, Lu Ming raised his head and stared at Huo Sheng intently. He heard Huo Sheng say softly, “The Holy Tower that Sima Xiao mentioned is the high tower that appeared in the city center when the apocalypse arrived. I’ve never been clear about the significance of that tower or what it represents. Even after conducting early-stage research, I couldn’t figure it out.”
There was no door or window.
No way to destroy the tower’s structure.
No one could enter or destroy it.
He only knew that the tower was constantly releasing mystery factors, but he had no clue about the rest.
Sima Xiao’s words vaguely gave Huo Sheng a clue.
“I guess, maybe it requires Awakened individuals or zombies to reach a certain level before it can trigger a response from that high tower.”
“However, Level 3 won’t do. I’ve never tried Level 4, but I’m afraid it won’t work either…”
“In any case, I have elevated this issue to a higher priority. And another thing, the black mist is indeed quite mysterious.”
As early as the beginning of the apocalypse, the moment the Holy Tower appeared, Nanxiang City and its surroundings were shrouded in black mist.
The people outside could not enter, and the people inside could not come out. “Moreover, the black mist can’t be captured nor analyzed. In fact, at the early stages of the apocalypse, the officials sent people to the border of the black mist.”
“I believe Mr. Lu has heard rumors about New York City before the appearance of the Holy Tower, right?”
Lu Ming nodded.
Nanxiang was not the first city shrouded in black mist.
New York was the first.
The two incidents were separated by one month.
Huo Sheng continued, “The government knows better than the common people. What can be confirmed is that the black mist can’t be analyzed by any scientific means, nor can its cause be described. Furthermore, it is impossible to enter the encirclement of the black mist.”
This means that people from outside could not enter.
“Any equipment or personnel that attempt to enter the black mist from the outside will lose contact immediately.”
After Nanxiang City was engulfed by the black mist, Huo Sheng conducted a reverse experiment—he wanted to test if the people inside could cross the black mist to the outside world.
“The answer is unknown. I sent out five teams, and three of them reached the edge of the black mist. However, when they entered the black mist, all communication was completely cut off.
It was unknown if the person who walked into the black mist was dead or alive.”
Lu Ming frowned, “It sounds very dangerous.”
“Yes, it’s very dangerous. That’s why I haven’t paid attention to the black mist for a long time.”
“Until yesterday…”
After a slight pause, Huo Sheng said with a complex tone, “Last night, Tianyu led a team to the edge of the black mist and discovered a very troubling phenomenon.”
“The black mist is shrinking.”
Lu Ming raised his eyebrows, “Shrinking?”
“Yes, shrinking.”
“It’s like…”
Huo Sheng pondered for a long time but could not come up with a suitable analogy, so, Lu Ming said solemnly, “Peace squad shrinking the poison.”
Huo Sheng was stunned for a moment before he said, not knowing whether to laugh or cry, “That’s a fitting analogy..”


CHAPTER-88
Chapter 88: Back on Track

“The black mist’s contraction speed is not is not shrinking fast. It has only shrunk by nearly a hundred meters since last time.”
“It’s been a month and a half since I last observed the black mist.”
A month and a half, about a hundred meters. The speed was indeed not fast.
However, Huo Sheng could not be sure if the subsequent contraction speed of the black mist would become faster.
The problem was that no matter how the black mist contracted, there was no way to deal with it.
The Holy Tower was the same.
“Anyway, I’m just telling you this without any particular intention, just casual chatting. All you need to do is keep getting stronger. With regard to the Holy Tower and the black mist, the only thing we can do is watch and wait.”
Lu Ming nodded when he heard Huo Sheng’s conclusion.
It was too dangerous, nothing can be done.
Therefore, he did not think too much about it. He just focused on farming his attributes.
Speaking of the devil.
The dining room door was pushed open and Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan walked in.
“The advancement was successful. Let’s try again.”
The black light representing the curse once again bloomed from Wei Lan’s hand again and landed on Lu Ming.
Lu Ming felt a slight heaviness in his body.
Opening the attribute panel, he realized that his three-dimensional attributes were still reduced by half—this meant that advancement could not improve the effect of the Weakness Curse superpower.
However, the intensity had indeed increased significantly compared to before.
If Wei Lan’s superpower was like a piece of paper before, which Lu Ming could break with a sneeze, now, after reaching the Level 4, Wei Lan’s superpower could be likened to a light vest for Lu Ming.
It would be easy to intentionally tear it apart, but if he did not intend to, he could wear it without any problem.
Lu Ming stood up and moved around a bit, nodding in satisfaction.
“Pretty good!”
Wei Lan’s superpower offset the impact of Lu Ming’s advancement, making it convenient for him to continue farming attributes.
Moreover, the strength of his superpower was controllable.
Basically, if Lu Ming wanted to dispel the Weakness Curse, he could do so. Although Wei Lan was introduced by Huo Sheng, Lu Ming did not not really trust him much, let alone Wei Lan.
Controllable Weakness Curse intensity meant that he would not have to worry about the consequences of asking for help from Huo Sheng. Lu Ming believed that this was the most important thing.
Thinking about this, Lu Ming could not wait to start his training today.
He was eager to go out and start exercising, but Zhang Chengcheng chuckled and said, “Brother Lu, you haven’t finished your breakfast.”
“I’ll skip it, let’s start!” Lu Ming said in high spirits.
The plan was good, and the results were also good.
Before Lu Ming’s advancement, Lu Ming could still obtain attributes with Zhan Chengcheng’s assistance.
Now, with Wei Lan, it essentially offset the gains from Lu Ming’s advancement. Furthermore, with Chengcheng also achieving advancement, his plan to farm attributes was back on track.
In fact, the results were even better than before!
While Lu Ming was training, Huo Sheng rambled on, “Now, there’s one thing you have to pay attention to. You have to control the duration of your training. Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan are both Level 4 Awakened. Replenishing their physical strength and superpower energy requires consuming Tier 3 zombie crystals. However, we don’t have many Tier 3 zombie crystals on hand.”
Seeing how Colonel Bai was still at Level 3, it was evident how precious Tier 3 zombie crystals were.
Wang Xiong came over at the right time. As he watched Lu Ming’s exercise, he said, “I just made a new plan. It should be able to meet Lu Ming’s daily exercise needs within an hour.”
Lu Ming, who was sweating profusely, smiled as he exercised, “That’s great!”
Anyway, today was a truly perfect day for Lu Ming.
On the side, Wei Lan maintained her superpower while watching Lu Ming.
Curiosity flashed across her eyes.
Wei Lan, 21 years old, a commoner.
Her home was in the city center. When the apocalypse struck, Wei Lan was lucky enough to escape to the official shelter and received protection from the government.
Wei Lan had no complaints about her life in the shelter.
Although it was crowded there, they could not move around daily and the food was rationed, Wei Lan could overcome these minor difficulties in the apocalypse.
From the day the Awakened appeared, Wei Lan had fantasized about becoming a glorious Awakened. And within a month of the apocalypse, her wish came true.
However, life was not smooth-sailing.
After following on a few field missions, Wei Lan discovered a problem—she could not handle scenes that were too bloody and intense.
Whenever the scenes were too gruesome, Wei Lan would suffer from seizures.
So, field missions were out of the question for her, and her chances of advancing were now slim. She had to return to the shelter and do work within her capabilities.
If it were not for Lu Ming, Wei Lan’s future would have been predictable—she would have lived aimlessly in the shelter until it fell to the zombies.
Fortunately, there was a god in Nanxiang, the renowned Lu Ming!
Wei Lan was genuinely grateful to Lu Ming.
Thanks to him, the status of humans and zombies had completely reversed within the safety zone. Humans were no longer afraid of zombies; they were actively clearing and hunting zombies.
As a result, Wei Lan gained more zombie crystals—enough to allow her, a seemingly insignificant Awakener, who had no combat value, to try to become a Level 2 Awakened and obtain a higher-quality superpower.
Half a month ago, Wei Lan became a Level 2 Awakened and awakened the superpower of the Weakness Curse.
Wei Lan was disappointed with her ability.
This was because the value of the Weakening Curse was very ordinary.
However, Wei Lan did not expect that the moment her superpower awakened, she would receive extraordinary treatment.
And today, Wei Lan finally understood why Professor Huo Sheng treated her so well after she awakened her superpower.
“Help Lu Ming improve his attributes, that’s your mission.”
Recalling Huo Sheng’s words, Wei Lan took a deep breath, her eyes becoming more determined.
Yes, this was her mission and also her worth!
To assist the Savior…
Once someone who only held others back, she now shined brightly, striving for the future of all humanity!
At ten o’clock in the morning, Lu Ming finished his exercise for the day.
Exhausted, Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan withdrew their superpowers and Lu Ming opened his attribute panel.
Attributes appeared before his eyes.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Level 1
Strength: 450.8 (453-2) T-
Physique: 462.2 (464.6) f.
Agility: 445-7 (448.1) f
Free Attribute Points: 0
Superpower: Awakening in progress…
“What a pity.”
Lu Ming muttered.
He had originally thought that Wei Lan’s superpower would compress his three-dimensional attributes, and after canceling his superpower at the end of the exercise, he would receive twice his daily attributes.
In the end, it did not solve this issue of the bug.
After the moment of lament, Lu Ming did not feel disappointed.
The key was not about the bug. As long as he could grow normally, Lu Ming was not dissatisfied!
Just then, Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan walked over together.
As the three of them wiped their sweat, Zhang Chengcheng asked softly, “Brother Lu, what do you want to eat for lunch?”
Lu Ming replied with a smile, “Anything is fine.”
“Sure, Brother Lu.”
Cheng Cheng obediently responded, then thought for a moment before adding, “By the way, Brother Lu, I want Lan Lan to help with the cooking, do you mind?”
Lu Ming was troubled for a moment, but looking at the exhausted Chengcheng, he nodded and said, “Sure, but the main cook will still be you.”
He had just got to know Wei Lan, so it was natural to be cautious.
Zhang Chengcheng smiled and said, “Don’t worry, Brother Lu. I understand..”


CHAPTER-89
Chapter 89: Wei Lan’s Day

Wei Lan had to admit that she could not understand the conversation between Lu Ming and Zhang Chengcheng.
But, she had one advantage—she did not talk much.
If it was a trivial confusion, she would avoid asking about it.
Zhang Chengcheng led her to the kitchen, and began to cook while Wei Lan assisted in handling the ingredients under her guidance.
As the two women worked, Zhang Chengcheng spoke.
“Before you came, did Iluo Sheng tell you about Brother Lu’s temperament?”
Wei Lan looked serious and said, “No, Professor Iluo just said that Brother Lu is a very good person.”
Zhang Chengcheng nodded with satisfaction, a hint of a smile playing on her lips, “Of course! 1 have never seen anyone as good, kind, and powerful as Brother Lu!”
There must be no lack of daily compliments!
It had practically become Cheng Cheng’s belief.
After sighing, Zhang Chengcheng continued, “But you have to understand that even good people can have some peculiarities.”
Wei Lan quickly nodded.
She understood the principle that no one was perfect.
Zhang Chengcheng continued, “That’s why 1 have to tell you some things to take note of.”
“Sister Chengcheng, please go ahead.”
“First of all, Brother Lu’s house.
This is the most important thing! You can’t enter Brother Lu’s house! Don’t even think about it! That’s Brother Lu’s private territory. Stepping into Brother Lu’s house without permission is equivalent to declaring war on Brother Lu. 1 believe you know the consequences.”
Wei Lan quickly nodded and said that she would definitely not court death.
“Secondly, the distance from Brother Lu.
It’s very difficult for Brother Lu to trust others. It’s your first day here today, so you have to be careful to maintain a distance from Brother Lu. If you get too close to Brother Lu, he won’t be pleased. If Brother Lu is unhappy, no one in our gathering place will be happy.”
With that, Zhang Chengcheng fixed her gaze on Wei Lan, her eyes scanning over her long legs as she solemnly said, “Understand?”
Wei Lan nodded repeatedly, “1 understand.”
Zhang Chengcheng smiled in satisfaction and continued, “Finally, Brother Lu doesn’t like to go out, and he especially dislikes being troubled. So, those of us who assist Brother Lu need to handle whatever affairs we could. If we can’t handle it, we look for Wang Xiong. If Wang Xiong can’t handle it, we turn to Iluo Sheng. In short, don’t bother Brother Lu.”
Wei Lan nodded again. “That’s easy. I’m not the kind of person who causes trouble.”
The food was steaming hot in the pot.
Zhang Chengcheng remained silent for a while after finishing her instructions.
Wei Lan was puzzled, “Sister Chengcheng, is that all?”
Zhang Chengcheng nodded. “Yes, just these three things.”
Therefore, she should not enter Brother Lu’s house, maintain a distance from him, and don’t trouble him unnecessarily.
Wei Lan thought over it and could not help but say, “It seems very simple…”
Cheng Cheng nodded gently. “Because Brother Lu is a simple person. An extremely simple Seeker of the Path!”
“Seeker of the Path?”
“Yes, the Seeker of the Path of Strength!”
It took about an hour for Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan to finish cooking three portions of food. Yes, according to Lu Ming’s rules, from today onwards, Wei Lan’s meals would also be taken care of by Lu Ming.
This was something Lu Ming should do.
With a table full of food served, Lu Ming entered the dining room.
As Lu Ming sat at the head of the table and softly said, “Let’s eat”, the food was devoured by the three Awakened like a tornado.
The meal took about forty minutes!
After the meal, Lu Ming said, “I’m going to take a nap,” and left the dining room, leaving Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan to clean up the dishes.
It did not take long to clean up the dishes.
After finishing their work, Zhang Chengcheng took Wei Lan to a room.
“This will be your bedroom from now on. Are you satisfied with it?”
Looking at the simple one-bedroom apartment, Wei Lan nodded repeatedly. “I’m satisfied.”
The conditions were definitely better than those at the official shelter. After all, there were not many survivors here.
Zhang Chengcheng smiled, “That’s good.”
After saying that, she turned to leave, but Wei Lan stopped her. “By the way, Sister Chengcheng, what about this afternoon? What do I need to do in the afternoon?”
Zhang Chengcheng replied, “We don’t need to do anything specific in the afternoon. It’s Brother Lu’s training time, and he doesn’t need our assistance then. However, it’s best if the two of us are on standby. If Brother calls, we go immediately.”
Wei Lan nodded. “Understood.”
“By the way, go to the kitchen at four o’clock in the afternoon to prepare dinner. Don’t forget this.”
Wei Lan smiled and nodded, “Got it, Sister Chengcheng.”
After Zhang Chengcheng left, Wei Lan walked around her room.
The house was relatively clean and tidy, which suited Wei Lan’s taste.
Feeling tired, Wei Lan lay on the bed and quickly fell asleep.
Wei Lan slept until four in the afternoon.
After being woken up by the alarm clock, Wei Lan hurriedly got up and went to the kitchen. She saw that Zhang Chengcheng had already begun to prepare the ingredients.
After washing her hands, Wei Lan helped while apologizing, “I’m sorry, Sister Chengcheng. I accidentally overslept.”
Zhang Chengcheng smiled and said, “There’s no need to apologize. It was indeed exhausting in the morning, especially when Tier 3 zombie crystals can’t be supplied without limits. But the work in the afternoon is much easier.”
The two women chatted about everyday things as they cooked.
After they had finished dinner, they decided to take a stroll within the shelter. When the food was served, Lu Ming entered the dining room.
Another swift meal.
That night, after strolling around Good Hope Village with Zhang Chengcheng for two hours, Wei Lan returned to her room.
There was not much nightlife in the apocalypse, and Wei Lan was not someone who liked nightlife.
Seeing that it was already past eight o’clock, and knowing that she had to wake up early to prepare breakfast for Lu Ming the next morning, Wei Lan went to bed early. However, she found it difficult to fall asleep.
Recalling everything that had happened throughout the day, Wei Lan realized that from today onwards, her destiny was more or less bound to Lu Ming’s.
She had to admit a fact.
Lu Ming was a dull and uninteresting man.
Being Lu Ming’s assistant was also a boring job.
This job was not challenging, but it was not interesting either.
Assisting with the training, and then cooking and doing the dishes.
Moreover, given Lu Ming’s strength and personality, Wei Lan knew that her job would likely remain the same for a long time.
But, Wei Lan did not have any complaints.
In the apocalypse, it was already the greatest blessing to be able to have a stable life.
Recalling Zhang Chengcheng’s evaluation of Lu Ming in the morning.
“Yes, the Seeker of the Path of Strength!”
It was so appropriate.
He was simple, but determined and steadfast.
He was cautious and careful, never never venturing into danger, but he was constantly growing stronger.
He endured the boredom and monotony, solely to pursue the ultimate path of becoming stronger.
He was like a ball of fire. Even if it was the simplest self-combustion, he could unknowingly bring warmth and radiance to those around him.
“He may not be a hero, but he does things that even heroes cannot do.”
“He has always pursued strength single-mindedly, and yet, in an unconscious way, he influenced numerous people.”
So, if even the savior could tolerate the mundane routine, then what reason did Wei Lan have to be dissatisfied?
With these emotions in her heart, Wei Lan drifted off to sleep..


CHAPTER-90
Chapter 90: Mustache, Jeans, Remember My Name Chang Yi!

Simba and Lian Jie ran for an entire day and night!
Terrified.
As Level 4 Devourers, they were already noticeable targets, but they did not know Lu Ming’s characteristic of “rarely leaving home”.
When Simba and Lian Jie witnessed Lu Ming easily dealing with Sima Xiao, they were so frightened that they desperately fled for their lives.
They did not have a specific destination, but one thing was clear—the farther away from Lu Ming, the better.
Hence, they had been running until now…
“Stop!”
Simba suddenly shouted.
Lian Jie, who was already dizzy, quickly waved his tentacles to halt its steps.
Trying to muster up some energy, Lian Jie looked ahead and saw the reason why Simba had called for a halt.
Black mist!
They had run all the way from Good Hope Village to the border of the black mist!
The two Tier 4 Zombie Kings, who were considered quite powerful anywhere else, looked at each other in silence. After a while, Lian Jie asked cautiously, “Brother, did we run too far?”
To alleviate the awkwardness, Simba could only let out its iconic laugh, “Oh ho ho ho.”
With its head hanging low, it whispered, “But isn’t it safer the farther we are from him?”
Even Lian Jie could see Simba’s guilt, but it did not point it out—because they were both in the same situation, so there was no need to mock.
After a long silence, the two Devourers looked at the black mist in unison and sighed in unison.
Simba muttered, “It’s not far enough… If that monster really wants to kill us, this distance isn’t safe.”
Lian Jie nodded repeatedly, “Brother, you’re right.”
Simba added, “But there’s indeed something wrong with the black mist.”
There was something wrong with that charlatan Sima Xiao’s brain, so its words could not be fully trusted.
But, they could not be dismissed entirely either.
At least one thing was clear.
This black mist was indeed very problematic.
“Actually, I had encountered this black mist a long time ago.”
When Simba first escaped from Good Hope Village, his development route was to surround the city from the countryside, staying away from the city center (Bai Tianyu) and the territory of Good Hope Village (Lu Ming).
At that time, it had come to the edge of the black mist, but it did not dare to venture into the black mist personally. Instead, it only sent its underlings to investigate the situation in the black mist.
The result, of course, was that they lost contact.
As cautious as Simba was, it would definitely not have any contact with the black mist again.
However, the situation had changed now.
Lu Ming’s threat was right behind them, but there was an unknown danger in the black mist ahead. Moreover, Sima Xiao’s nonsensical words vaguely echoed in his ears.
This put Simba in a dilemma and made him feel extremely uncomfortable.
He was in a dilemma.
Suddenly, Simba sensed the aura of an Awakened behind him.
Simba and Lian Jie turned around at the same time and saw a tall and thin figure slowly walking over from the end of the street.
It was a Level 4 Awakened human.
His appearance was male, and he was probably in his twenties, around 1.8 meters tall, relatively thin but aesthetically pleasing in human standards.
He wore a silver-white jacket with sequins on the upper body, light blue jeans on the lower body, a pair of shoes, and a mustache on his lips.
As the man slowly walked over, the sequins on his body shimmered under the moonlight, making him look flashy and vulgar.
However, Simba and Lian Jie did not dare to underestimate this man.
The two Zombie Kings knew that there were many zombies in the direction this man came from.
In other words, this man had silently killed his way through the zombies, without a single trace of blood stain on him.
With Lu Ming’s example, Simba and Lian Jie definitely had to be careful when dealing with humans who still dared to face a Level 4 Zombie King.
Fortunately, the flashy man stopped twenty meters in front of the two Zombie Kings.
He glanced at Simba and Lian Jie, then at the black mist behind them.
Then, he pointed. “Aren’t you guys going in?”
Simba and Lian Jie fell into silence.
After a moment, Simba, as the elder brother, carefully asked, “Who are you…” “Huh!”
As if something had touched a nerve in the man, his eyes lit up, and the corners of his mouth curled up into a smile. He raised his hand and gently stroked his mustache.
A high-pitched voice came out of his mouth, “Mustache and jeans. I’m Chang Yi. Remember me!”
Simba and Lian Jie:”…”
“So, aren’t you guys going in?”
The man named Chang Yi finished announcing his name in a strange and comical manner and repeated his question.
Simba and Lian Jie looked at each other.
They wanted to ask the heavens from the bottom of their hearts, “Why are there so many freaks in Nanxiang?!”
The two of them shook their heads in unison.
“We’re not going in.”
“Why not?”
“No specific reason, we just don’t want to go in.”
Chang Yi put his hands on his hips and chuckled, “Ha, you’re lying to me.
You’re afraid of danger, right?”
Simba was about to deny it when Chang Yi nodded confidently and pointed at
Simba’s chest. “Don’t lie, I can hear your thoughts…”
Simba:”…”
It wanted to say that you were a big garlic bulb, but considering the law that there were many freaks in Nanxiang, it was wise not to display its violent temper.
Taking a deep breath, Simba nodded repeatedly. “All, yes, yes.”
Chang Yi said confidently, “I knew it.”
“But you did a smart thing. It’s indeed not easy for you two little zombies to enter the black mist. You’re still young and can’t bear the danger inside.” Simba asked, “Then can you do it?”
Chang Yi replied, “Of course 1 can! There’s nothing that I can’t handle in
Nanxiang!”
Simba said, “Yo, you’re so awesome, bro? Won’t you have to snatch a Holy
Tower to prove your strength?”
Chang Yi’s expression turned serious, “You know about the Holy Tower?” Simba’s expression also turned serious, “You know about the Holy Tower too?” As soon as he finished speaking, the man and the two zombies fell into silence. A moment later, Simba asked cautiously, “Bro, you’re level four, right?”
Chang Yi seemed to be a straightforward person. When he heard the question, he immediately replied, “I’m indeed a Level 4 Awakened.”
‘Level four… Then why are you pretending…’
That was what Simba thought, but before it could finish the thought, Chang Yi said, “There’s a difference between Level 4 and Level 4. My Level 4 is different from the typical Level 4.”
“Forget it, what’s the point of explaining to a little zombie like you?” As he said that, Chang Yi shook his head. “I’m in a good mood today and planned to explore the black mist. When 1 come out, I’ll be Level 5.”
“It’s rare to encounter you two, and 1 find you quite pleasing, so I’ll give you some advice.”
“Don’t go to Linhai County, which is under Nanxiang City. There’s a big tree inside that’s only slightly weaker than me. It’s an existence you can’t mess with.”
“There’s a Tier 4 Zombie King in Donglin County. It’s the same type as you, but its evolution level is much higher. Although it’s much weaker than me, it’s an existence you can’t afford to provoke.”
“There’s great danger in the black mist. Level 5 might be able to explore it.
Little fellows like you can enter and explore, but you shouldn’t go too deep.
Don’t even think about it now.”
As Chang Yi spoke, he approached the black mist.
When Chang Yi was about to enter the black mist, Simba could not help but ask, “Brother, you’re a human and we’re zombies. It’s fine if we don’t fight, but why are you telling us all this information?”
Chang Yi snorted and placed his hands on his waist. He said loudly, “I, Chang
Yi, do things based on my likes and dislikes, why should 1 explain to others?!” Confirmed!
This person was indeed a freak.
However, in Simba’s eyes, this was a good freak, unlike the one in Good Hope
Village who was a bad freak.
Simba was touched and said, “Buddy, since you treat me sincerely, I’ll tell you a piece of news too.”
“There’s no need to snatch the Holy Tower. There’s a freak at the Holy Tower.”
“With him around, no one else gets a share in the Holy Tower.”
This seemed to be the first time Chang Yi had heard this news—his usual activities did not extend to that area.
Upon hearing this news for the first time, Chang Yi frowned. After a moment, he shook his head, “No, 1 can’t tolerate an existence more powerful than me in Nanxiang City.”
After some thought, Chang Yi came up with an idea.
He clapped his hands and said, “How about this? Wait for me here for a few days. Once 1 advance, I’ll personally bring you to see the Holy Tower and meet the freak you mentioned!”
With that, Chang Yi turned around and entered the black mist.
Lian Jie looked at Simba, “Brother, are we really going to wait for him?”
Simba spat on the ground. “Wait my ass! What’s there to see when a freak fights a freak? Let’s go. Try to stay away from such people in the future..”


CHAPTER-91
Chapter 91: Skill Harvest

At the moment the tower rose, the black mist appeared around Nanxiang City.
The black mist encompassed the entire Nanxiang City, as well as the surrounding three satellite cities, 14 small counties, and hundreds of villages and towns under the jurisdiction of Nanxiang City.
This area was actually quite large.
There were also quite a number of people within the range of the black mist.
Therefore, Lu Ming had always held the belief that the outside world was very dangerous.
Because of its vast territory, there were many people.
With many people, there were many survivors, and also many zombies.
With so many survivors and zombies, it was easy for some strange things to emerge.
Because of this, Lu Ming had never considered himself to be exceptionally strong, much less that he was the number one in the world. Naturally, he would never stop farming attributes.
Day 74. of the Apocalypse Calendar, Wednesday.
Huo Sheng came to visit again.
Aside from checking whether Wei Lan’s work met the standard, Huo Sheng had another purpose for visiting Guangping Street.
“These are the martial arts experts you need, Mr. Lu. I’ve brought them all to you.”
Behind Huo Sheng stood eight individuals of various shapes and sizes. When they saw Lu Ming’s gaze sweep over, they cupped their hands at Lu Ming and said, “Greetings, Mr. Lu.”
Lu Ming replied, “Hello, everyone.”
The official shelter had a large population and it had already surpassed 100,000 people. It was not difficult to find a few people who knew martial arts among them.
Of course, there was no need to count on their skill levels—but Lu Ming did not need them to be highly skilled in martial arts. It was enough if they could trigger the skills for him.
Otherwise, encountering situations where he spent hours fighting zombies without gaining much skill proficiency, like before, would be a waste and embarrassing.
After a brief introduction, Huo Sheng left to find Meng Jie, leaving time and space to Lu Ming and the eight “martial arts experts.”
Without needing Lu Ming to say a word, Zhang Chengcheng spoke, “Masters, can you briefly introduce yourselves and your expertise?”
Before these eight people came, they had heard of Lu Ming’s name. Now that Lu Ming was in front of them, the eight of them immediately respectfully introduced themselves.
Some practiced martial arts.
Some practiced the saber.
Some practiced the sword.
Some practiced staff techniques.
In short, there were a variety of skills, which suited Lu Ming’s preferences.
After everyone finished their self-introductions, Lu Ming smiled and said, “Shall we begin in the afternoon?”
The eight of them immediately nodded, “We’ll follow Mr. Lu’s arrangements!”
The regular exercise time in the morning could not be delayed.
After lunch and an afternoon nap, Lu Ming got up, washed up, and immediately went out. He saw the eight people lining up in front of his house, waiting for a long time.
Without further ado, they began.
From one o’clock in the afternoon until dinner time at five o’clock, Lu Ming successfully achieved his goal.
However, just by looking at Lu Ming’s tightly furrowed brows during dinner, one could tell that Lu Ming had gained something, but it was not a huge gain.
After dinner, Lu Ming returned to his room, sat at his desk, and opened the attribute panel again.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Level 1
Age: 25 years old
Strength: 455-9
Physique: 467.3
Agility: 450.9
Free Attribute Points: 1
Superpower: Awakening in progress…
Skills: (Omitted).
Newly acquired skills:
Basic Saber Technique Lvi: You have grasped the basics of the saber technique. All your attributes +0.1!
Basic Sword Technique Lvi: You have grasped the basics of the sword technique. All your attributes +0.1!
Basic Staff Technique Lvi: You have grasped the basics of the staff technique. All your attributes +0.1!
Tiger Steps Stance Lvi: You have grasped the basic stance technique: Tiger Steps Stance. Your free attribute points +1!
There is one thing to celebrate:
After experiencing systematic learning, the saber, sword, and staff techniques, just like spear techniques, were stripped away from cold weapon combat – after all, the path of weapon techniques was extensive and profound. Using a single cold weapon combat technique to summarize all weapon techniques was no different from a generalization.
There were two regrets:
Firstly, fist and foot techniques were not separated from hand-to-hand combat. They were the essence of modern fist and foot martial arts and had long been integrated into modern combat arts. A mixed martial arts technique and a few grabs were enough to summarize the essence of hand-to-hand combat.
Of course, it could also be that the master who taught the fist and foot techniques was not very skilled… But Lu Ming was too embarrassed to say this to his face.
Secondly, there was only one stance technique that he had obtained in the afternoon.
It was the Tiger Step Stance.
This was taught by a saber master. Other masters would not use moving stances like the Tiger Steps Stance or the Resistance Stance.
“So in summary, 1 gained four skills in one afternoon.”
With this thought in mind, Lu Ming relaxed his frown.
“It’s not bad.”
Of course,gaining skills was only one aspect.
Practicing the skills, improving skill proficiency and level to gain more attribute points, was another aspect – and this was destined to be a long process.
But to talk about time and effort… Heh, this was what Lu Ming was least afraid of!
Those without a system would not know how satisfying it was to diligently exercise every day and see their own growth in such a tangible way!
With a powerful stretch, Lu Ming yawned lazily. As he walked out the door to practice stance technique, he indulged in daydreams of a bright future.
Swoosh!
Shua! Shua! Shua! Shua!
What a fulfilling and secure life!
Day 75 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Thursday.
Morning routine training, obtained all the attributes.
Afternoon, practiced shooting zombies at the lighthouse, raised slingshot shooting to Lv26 (102/2600), and agility increased by 2.6 points!
Evening, the Resistance Stance was upgraded to Level 11 (855/1100), gaining 11 free attribute points.
Day 76 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Friday.
Nothing significant happened, busy yet fulfilling.
Afternoon, practiced saber techniques, sword techniques, and staff techniques, raising ail three skills to Level 3, gaining 1.5 points in all attributes!
Evening, practiced Tiger Steps Stance, raising it to Lv2 (15/200), gaining 2 free attribute points.
Day 77 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Saturday.
Morning exercises completed, fully gaining attributes and fitness skill had increased to Lv20 (0/2000). Daily attribute points had reached 2.5 points!
Afternoon, practiced guarding the tower and practiced stance technique in the evening.
It was the same on the Day 78 of the Apocalypse Calendar.
It was the same on Day 79…
Day 80…
Day 81…
Day 82…
Until Day 88 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Wednesday.
Afternoon nap ended, Lu Ming woke up and opened his attribute panel. He saw his extremely luxurious attributes!
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Level 1
Strength: 541.5
Physique: 552.9
Agility: 548
Free Attribute Points: 86
Superpower: Awakening in progress…
Fitness Lv2i (1700/2100).
Slingshot Lv29 (1500/2900)
Crossbow Shooting Lv2i (575/2100)
Archery Lv23 (777/2300)
Firearms Shooting Lv21 (520/2100)
Hand-to-hand Combat Lv29 (958/2900)
Cold Weapon Combat Lv29 (665/2900)
Basic Spearmanship Lv24 (2210/2400)
Throw Lvi5 (960/1500)
Basic Saber Technique Lvio (300/1,000).
Basic Sword technique Lvio (200/1,000).
Basic Staff Technique Lvio (150/1000).
Tiger Steps Stance Lv8 (47/800).
Resistance Stance Lvi4 (631/1400).
Powerful, exaggerated, and beyond comparison!
Of course, Lu Ming knew that his current attributes were formidable and his abilities were very terrifying!
However, strength and weakness had always been a relative concept—even a one-year-old baby was very strong compared to an ant.
Perhaps in the eyes of someone stronger, Lu Ming was the baby that was compared to an ant.
Therefore, Lu Ming never felt satisfied.
He recalled the conversation between Zhang Chengcheng and him yesterday.
“Brother Lu, you’re already so strong. Why do you still persevere in your exercise every day?”
Lu Ming only had one answer to that, “I’m strong, but not strong enough.”
Cheng Cheng asked again, “When will you feel that you’re strong enough?”
This question made Lu Ming think for a long, long time.
Finally, he gave an answer, “There will be no end to my path to becoming stronger.”
At the same time, quietly in his heart, he added, “If there is, it will only be the end of the attribute panel! Not my end!”
At the edge of the black mist.
A staggering figure emerged from the black mist and returned to the sunlight.
The sunlight shone on his body, making Chang Yi feel warm from his body to his soul.
Looking up at the sun above his head, Chang Yi suddenly laughed wildly!
“Level 5! Level 5!”
“I knew it. the opportunity for Level 5 was in the black mist!”
Taking a deep breath, Chang Yi solemnly tucked a small notebook into his clothes.
He threw his head back and laughed wildly, his high-pitched voice echoing through several blocks.
“I! Chang Yi! I’m invincible!”


CHAPTER-92
Chapter 92: Chang Yi Left the Recluse And Swore to Overturn The World!

The average physical fitness of an ordinary person was 5.
Level 1 meant 10.
Level 2 was 20, Level 3 was 40, Level 4 was 80, and Level 5 was 160!
The numerical difference was exponential, but the performance in physical activities was not just exponential, it was even greater!
So great that it was outrageous enough to form an all-round suppression!
Was a Level 5 Awakened considered invincible?
In Chang Yi’s opinion, it definitely was!
Within Nanxiang City, there were no conditions to reach Level 5 – maybe zombies could, but Awakened ones would find it extremely difficult.
Therefore, Chang Yi, who emerged from the black mist with the strength of a Level 5, definitely had the qualification to say, “I am invincible!”
The question that followed was, what should an invincible person do?
Pursue even stronger power?
Indeed, that was one option, but in Changyi’s view, it was too low, too dull, and too uninteresting, completely forgetting the purpose of pursuing strength!
Why did he become stronger?
For the thrill!
“I’m already invincible, so why not enjoy it?”
“An Invincible person should act like a great ancestor!”
“If 1 hesitate even for a moment, it will be disrespectful to my strength!”
With these thoughts in mind, Chang Yi strode forward, ready to fully enjoy his invincible life.
First, he had to recuperate.
Apart from Chang Yi himself, no one knew what was going on in the black mist.
However, it was an indisputable fact that he had returned injured.
Chang Yi did not have a recovery-type superpower, so he could only rely on his physical fitness to recuperate. However, the self-healing ability of a Level 5 Awakened was extremely terrifying. Deep wounds that reached his bones had completely healed within a day, leaving no scars.
Day 89 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Thursday.
In the afternoon.
Chang Yi walked out of a hotel room, quickly identified the direction, and then soared into the air using his telekinesis, flying rapidly towards Linhai County.. After a simple direction, his body floated up into the air and flew rapidly towards Linhai County.
His superpower was Telekinesis ability!
Before entering the black mist, Chang Yi’s activity range was limited to the counties and towns surrounding Nanxiang City.
Chang Yi knew the surrounding terrain, the zombies’ levels, and any potential challenges in this area very well.
His trip to Linhai County was solely for seeking revenge and venting his anger!
Because there was one of his enemies over there…
Linhai County was one of the subordinate counties of Nanxiang City, with a permanent population of about 300,000.
Linhai County was not far from Nanxiang City, about 20 kilometers in a straight line.
With the help of his Telekinesis, Chang Yi flew rapidly and entered the territory of Linhai County in just over ten minutes.
He looked down at the desolate Linhai County from a high altitude.
Chang Yi’s eyes slowly turned red.
Superpower: Heat Vision!
With this ability, nothing could hide from his sight, whether it was a living person or a zombie!
However, there were no living beings in Linhai County to be seen.
At the center of the county, a huge cylindrical object emitted an extreme heat, as if it were the entirety of Linhai County itself!
“Phew.”
Taking a deep breath, Chang Yi gradually approached the heat source.
As he got closer and closer to the heat source, he gradually saw the full appearance more clearly.
It was a towering tree!
The tree was hundreds of meters tall, with extremely thick roots. Its trunk was straight, and its branches were lush and dense, resembling willows and pines.
But, unlike regular green plants, this giant tree had an overall pale red color – both the trunk and the branches, as well as the leaves.
Upon closer inspection, there was a dazzling array of leaves hanging on the branches. But these were not leaves at all. They were clearly miniaturized human heads, each the size of a fist!
“Blood Flesh Mother Tree…”
He muttered these four words in a low voice. This was the name Chang Yi had given this tree.
Looking at the tree again, a murderous intent flashed in Changyi’s eyes!
The grudge was actually very simple.
At that time, when Chang Yi was at Level 4, he came to the territory of Linhai County and was attacked by the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
From the beginning to the end, there was no communication between them, but an attack was an attack! If you attacked me, it meant you wanted to kill me. If you offended me, the two of us would fight to the death!
Before, as a Level 4, Chang Yi could not deal with the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
However, now that he was Level 5, he naturally wanted revenge—otherwise, how could he feel good?
Floating in midair, Chang Yi slowly narrowed his eyes.
Superpower: Heart Listening, activate!
This was Chang Yi’s third superpower!
However, the feedback of the superpower clearly told Chang Yi that the consciousness of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree was chaotic and disorderly. This unknown creature could not be communicated with.
“Then go to hell!”
Flames, ice, hurricanes, and lightning.
Colorful energy turbulence surged out of Chang Yi’s body and swept towards the Blood Flesh Mother Tree like a storm!
Superpower: Elemental Control!
The bombardment lasted for a full hour.
Until a figure soared across the sky and flew into the distance, while the Blood Flesh Mother Tree remained standing in its original position…
As Changyi quickly moved away, he felt a surge of frustration in his heart that he could not vent. He felt suffocated.
After an hour of bombardment, Chang Yi discovered the characteristics of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree—this thing could not be moved, and its attack power was not strong, but it was truly durable, and its healing ability was extremely terrifying.
Every time he caused even the slightest injury to it, before he could exert more damage, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree had already recovered from its injuries.
Chang Yi could not help but recall a poem:
After thousands and thousands of strikes, it still stood tall, enduring the winds from all directions.
It was a pity that the Blood Flesh Mother Tree was a rock bamboo, and he, Chang Yi, was the wind from all directions…
“An unsuccessful attempt! An unsuccessful attempt!”
“Damn it!”
“Wait for me to reach Level 6! When 1 reach Level 6,1’11 definitely uproot you!”
The more he tried to suppress his anger, the more it surged. And the more he tried to retreat, the more he felt at a disadvantage.
While in midair, Chang Yi turned around and flew towards Donglin County, which was not far from Linhai County.
1 can’t crush the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, but how can 1 not crush a Level 4 Devourer?!
It had to be said that Chang Yi had a bad temper.
And people with bad tempers would make enemies easily.
As the saying went, those who followed the right path would have many friends, while those who deviated from it would have few. Lu Ming belonged to those on the right path, so Huo Sheng, Wang Xiong, Zhang Chengcheng, and the others were willing to help him solve his problems.
And Chang Yi was one of those who had deviated from the right path – before and after the apocalypse.
No one was willing to help him.
In fact, many people would unknowingly provoke Chang Yi and create inexplicable conflicts with Changyi even after just a simple encounter.
The overlord of Donglin County, a Level 4 Devourer, was one such person who had a conflict with Chang Yi.
Activating his telekinesis, Chang Yi flew forward quickly while gritting his teeth!
Not only was he angry that he could not deal with the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, but also about the past grievances with the ruler of Donglin County.
Soon, Donglin County was in sight from a distance.
Chang Yi stopped outside Donglin County. As he activated his heat vision, everything in Donglin County fell into Chang Yi’s eyes.
He heaved a sigh of relief and said in a treacherous tone, “Not bad, not bad.
From the looks of it, everyone is still alive…”
Then, he gritted his teeth and revealed a ferocious look, “This is really great!”
Donglin County is under the jurisdiction of Nanxiang City.
Although it had a small population, its economic development was relatively good with the help of Nanxiang City’s influence.
Chang Yi was from Donglin County.
Three months before the apocalypse, Chang Yi started working at a small company called Yilin Trading.
That year, Chang Yi was 28 years old.
And she was 25 years old..


CHAPTER-93
Chapter 93: The Taste of Love

Life has its bitterness, spiciness, sourness, and sweetness, and also wonderful encounters.
Chang Yi still remembered that day, his first day at work. It was pouring rain, and he forgot to bring an umbrella when he went out.
A ten-minute walk left Changyi completely drenched, like a drowned rat.
Just as he walked into the office dripping wet, that girl handed him a tissue.
And It was that girl who handed him clean clothes.
Her gentle smile.
The fragrance she carried.
Their hands touched when she handed him the tissue.
Like an electric current, it broke through Chang Yi’s mental defense…
If this wasn’t love, then what was?
Floating in the air above Donglin County, Chang Yi took a deep breath and a powerful sound wave erupted from his mouth.
“Eileen! It’s Chang Yi! I’m here to pick you up!”
In a commercial office building in Donglin County.
When Chang Yi’s voice boomed, in a certain room, a beautiful woman named Eileen was stunned, and then covered her face in agony with her hands.
Tears slowly fell and dripped from her fingertips, and her painful whimpers could be heard.
“This… this idiot!”
Until a tentacle gently wrapped around Eileen’s shoulder.
She opened her hands again and looked at the zombie beside her.
It was a very handsome male. Even as a zombie, its body was clean, with eight tentacles extending menacingly from its back, but Eileen did not mind.
It was not just because this zombie had never harmed her.
But also because this zombie was her husband in his past life.
Yilin Trading Company.
Yi Shan and Eileen.
Seeing his wife in pain, Yi Shan took a deep breath, and a cold killing intent flashed in his eyes.
“Let’s go out and take a look. But this time, don’t try to stop me. This idiot must die today!”
Chang Yi waited for about three minutes before he saw Yi Shan bring Irene to the top of a nearby building.
Eileen, still as beautiful as ever, stunned Chang Yi for a moment. After snapping back to reality, Chang Yi stroked his mustache and put on what he thought was a handsome smile, saying, “Eileen, you’re still as beautiful as ever. Now that I’m here to pick you up, come with me.”
That calm tone…
It was as if Eileen belonged to him, Chang Yi.
This instantly triggered an explosion in Eileen’s emotions!
A piercing soprano voice rang out from Eileen’s mouth. “Chang Yi! Chang Yi, are you stupid! How many times have 1 told you! 1 don’t like you! I hate you! 1 have a husband and a family! Why do you keep pestering me! Why, why!”
However, Chang Yi was not normal to begin with…
He raised his eyebrows and smirked, “1 knew you’d say that… but that was within my expectations too.”
“I’ve read in the Little Green Book that when it comes to girls, you have to interpret what they say in reverse. You say you don’t like me, you hate me, so interpreted in reverse, it means you like me and you love me, right?”
Chang Yi had never been in a relationship, but he believed that he was a love expert. He continued proudly, “And at that time, in the entire unit, you were the only one who cared for me and took care of me. Doesn’t that prove that you love me?”
Irene opened her mouth in confusion and was speechless.
Am I kind-hearted and in the wrong, is that it?
Yi Shan, who was beside her, could not help but say, “Chang Yi, are you really missing the point!? The point is that this is my wife and I’m her husband! We got married two years ago! Two years ago!”
Chang Yi raised his eyebrows again, flicked his mustache, and said, “Yeah, I know. But 1 don’t know if you’ve seen a soccer match? Even with a goalkeeper, they can still score, right? So what if Eileen has a husband?”
He then opened his arms, as if embracing the whole world, “What is true love? It’s being together even after overcoming numerous obstacles, that’s true love!”
“And you! Eileen’s ex-husband, Yi Shan, is just an insignificant obstacle in my path of love!”
Chang Yi’s expression turned cold, “I’m here today to crush a stubborn rock like you! Yi Shan, are you ready to die?”
As the saying went, if words did not hit it off, there was nothing more to say.
If Yi Shan and Eileen could reason with Chang Yi, things would not have come to this point.
Deep and low-frequency sound waves emanated from Yi Shan, spreading throughout Donglin County in an instant.
Thousands of zombies came out from various parts of Donglin County and gathered according to the orders of theTier 4 Devoured
However, as of now, the zombies had indeed not evolved the ability to fly.
Facing Chang Yi, who was floating in midair, the zombie tide piled up under his feet was utterly powerless!
This was also the main reason why Yi Shan could not deal with Chang Yi before —he could fly…
However, this did not matter because Yi Shan was not to be trifled with.
Before, when they were at the same Tier 4, it was solely Yi Shan’s power that kept this disgusting idiot in check!
Yi Shan had thought that this time would be no different from the last.
However, Eileen keenly sensed a cold smile on Chang Yi’s face.
Fine grayish-black scales emerged all over Chang Yi’s body. His hands and feet turned into sharp claws, and in a matter of seconds, he transformed into a terrifying half-human, half-dragon appearance!
Superpower: Dragon Transformation!
After transforming into a dragon, Chang Yi’s strength increased explosively, and the amplified strength further boosted Changyi’s already abundant self-confidence!
He looked at Yi Shan and smiled coldly, “In the short space of three days, much can happen! Yi Shan, times are different now. Today, you’re finished!”
“And you!” It turned to look at Eileen, his eyes filled with gentleness. “From today onwards, you are my queen!”
Telekinesis, elemental control, combined with the explosive power of Dragon Transformation.
Chang Yi, like a shooting star, plunged towards Yishan!
“Boom!”
That night, the moon was bright and the stars were sparse.
Chang Yi, with a radiant face, and Eileen, stunned like a wooden chicken, held a “grand” wedding in a clean room.
Chang Yi wore a suit, and Eileen wore a wedding dress.
The bridal chamber was filled with candlelight, romance, and faint sobbing.
A night of passion.
The next morning.
Chang Yi got up, dressed, and left.
When he reached the door, Chang Yi turned around and glanced at the numb Eileen.
He could not help but sigh.
“This is the taste of love.”
Wonderful, intoxicating.
Therefore, Chang Yi wanted more.
More beauties, more love.
He vaguely recalled the female teacher next door.
He wondered if she was still alive…
“I should look around the nearby gathering place..”


CHAPTER-94
Chapter 94:I Hate Them the Most!

Day 90 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Friday.
Chang Yi began his journey to find love.
Lu Ming, on the other hand, continued his usual routine—Swish!
In the morning, he did regular fitness exercises. In the afternoon, he went up the tower to shoot zombies and farm long-range skills. In the evening, he practiced cold weapon skills and stance skills.
At nine o’clock at night, after organizing the supplies and lying down on his bed, Lu Ming opened his attribute panel and looked at his attributes that had increased by another level. He felt satisfied with his gains for the day.
“Time to sleep!”
He lived in a sturdy house and had plenty of supplies. Every day, he increased his strength in an orderly and fulfilling manner.
Such a lifestyle made Lu Ming look forward to each new day.
On the same night.
Lu Ming slept soundly.
However, Chang Yi could not sleep a wink.
In a building not far from Donglin County, Chang Yi was enjoying wine in the company of several beauties.
This place was originally a small shelter with around 100 people.
There was no need to evaluate whether this shelter was good or bad, virtuous or evil.
This was because the second-in-command of the shelter had turned into a pile of meat pulp, and the leader was like a dog, kneeling and fawning beside Chang Yi.
“Boss, are you satisfied?”
Hearing this, Chang Yi lowered his head and looked at the beer and food on the table, then glanced at the two scantily clad girls beside him.
He pursed his lips.
“So-so.”
There was little food and drink, not even enough to fill the gaps between the teeth of a Level 5 Awakened.
Not to mention the women…
They were not as good-looking as Eileen, and they had a strange smell from not bathing for a long time, which made Chang Yi nauseous during the “love” process.
In short, the love Chang Yi experienced today was not deep or profound enough.
The leader trembled suddenly.
Because of what happened in the afternoon, he realized that the person in front of him was undoubtedly a killer and a lunatic. If he expressed dissatisfaction, his life would be over.
Taking a deep breath, the leader decisively changed the topic.
“Boss, you’ve seen the situation here. It’s not that 1 haven’t treated you well, but we are indeed facing difficulties here.”
Chang Yi pretended to look indifferent, barely showing any expression, leaving the leader unable to guess his emotions.
Helpless, the leader continued.
“Previously, when we came, Boss, you mentioned that you wanted to find more love, establish a huge harem, and recruit more subordinates. You wanted to be the king of the entire Nanxiang City.”
“Boss, I know that you have the strength for that, but there might be a problem in your direction… With your strength, you could go to the official shelter.
There are more resources, more women, and more beautiful women. With your power, if you go there, everyone will bow down to you.”
“If you directly take over, Boss, your goal would be instantly achieved!”
The leader’s words made Chang Yi burst out laughing.
He patted the leader’s head as if petting a dog and whispered, “You’re actually quite interesting.”
The leader laughed smugly, but Changyi’s next sentence wiped the smile off his face.
“Just not clever enough…”
With that, Chang Yi’s expression turned cold as he stared at the leader and said with emphasis, “I can do whatever I want. I don’t need your advice!!”
He activated his telekinesis and the leader bled from his seven orifices on the spot, and his brain turned into a mess of pulp.
The two girls beside him trembled, not daring to take a breath.
Seeing the leader collapse on the ground, Chang Yi’s gaze turned profound. After a moment, he suddenly turned to look at the two women beside him.
A faint smile appeared on Chang Yi’s face.
“Do you think I have the ability?”
As his voice sounded, how could the two women dare to say anything negative?
“Brother Yi, of course you have the ability.”
“My Brother Yi is the best!”
However, Chang Yi’s expression gradually turned cold.
He muttered to himself, “Yes, 1 do have the ability…”
“But why was my life before the apocalypse so miserable!?”
“I came from a poor family, and my father is a gambling addict and a drunkard! I’ve lived with my mother since childhood and endured countless disdainful looks! 1 experienced countless ups and downs!”
After drinking a glass of beer, Chang Yi sighed, “Fortunately, I’m capable and hardworking! I got into a second-tier university with my own ability. Guess what happened next? I was unemployed as soon as I graduated! I had to work odd jobs to support myself, and the money I earned in a month couldn’t even buy a palm-sized house!”
Slamming the beer against the wall, Chang Yi turned back to look at the two women and asked word byword, “So, do I have the ability?!”
The two women trembled all over…
This was because Chang Yi’s mental state was clearly not right.
Before the two women could give an answer, Chang Yi continued muttering to himself, “1 have the ability! I have the ability! I definitely have the ability! But why did I live such a repressed life in the past!!”
“I kept thinking… 1 pondered it over and over, and finally, I figured it out…”
“There’s a problem with this society!!”
“It’s this social system that made me live like a dog!”
“This society is wrong!”
“Do you agree with me?”
The two girls nodded, “Brother Yi is right!”
Chang Yi chuckled, “The official shelter… Heh…”
“I hate them the most! I also have a score to settle with them!”
With his right hand crushing another beer glass, Changyi stood up and looked around.
Around him were mountains of corpses and seas of blood…
All the men and less attractive women in this small shelter had been lying in pools of blood on the ground a few hours ago, leaving only the two women and the leader.
Now, the leader of the team was dead…
Chang Yi turned to look at the two women and shook his head slightly.
“You’re not qualified to enter my harem.”
“So, it’s time to say goodbye.”
With a gust of psychic force, all traces vanished.
Gazing towards the center of Nanxiang City, Chang Yi’s gaze was deep and gloomy.
“I indeed need to pay a visit to the official shelter… Yes, tomorrow.”
Women, subordinates, and food.
A Level 5 Awakened could be said to have a huge appetite and consume an enormous amount of food. Without a stable logistics system, Chang Yi would definitely not have an easy time.
In fact, from the moment he walked out of the black mist, Chang Yi had already set his sights on the official shelter.
But clearly, this matter was not urgent.
He was certain that no one stronger than him would appear in Nanxiang City even if he delayed for a few days.
First, enjoy, and then enjoy some more. In short, just keep enjoying.
“After all, if you have the strength but don’t know how to enjoy it, you’re like a person without dreams, leading a worthless life!”
Day 91 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Saturday.
Just as Lu Ming finished his lunch and was about to take a nap, Chang Yi had already brought Eileen to the safe zone.
He flew over Good Hope Village and arrived at the entrance of the official shelter, unabashedly and conspicuously.
“Get someone in charge to see me.”
Standing in front of the surveillance camera, with Eileen in his arms, Changyi spoke in such a manner…


CHAPTER-95
Chapter 95: Chang Yi’s Steady Hand

The officials had been keeping a close eye on Chang Yi.
After all, the ability to fly was a formidable power at this stage—regardless of the level of the Awakened, the strategic value of flying was undeniable.
Hearing Chang Yi’s words, despite having some vague concerns about Chang Yi and the woman in his arms, the official shelter quickly opened its gate.
The two of them walked out of the gate.
One was Bai Tianyu, and the other was the former mayor of Nanxiang City before the apocalypse, Gao Junyi.
Gao Junyi was about 1.7 meters tall, weighing a full 200 kilograms. His chubby face carried a friendly smile, making his eyes appear as narrow slits.
“Welcome, both of you. This is an official establishment…”
“I know what you do here.” Before Gao Junyi could finish speaking, Chang Yi had already waved his hand and interrupted.
This made Gao Junyi and Bai Tianyu frown.
The newcomer seemed unfriendly!
But, Chang Yi did not care.
He did not come with good intentions in the first place. And he would not bother considering all the nuances and complications.
What I do is what 1 wanted!
Was there a need to feign civility? Totally unnecessary.
As the saying goes, “if I feel a little aggrieved or unhappy, it would be disrespectful to my strength!”
Bai Tianyu took a deep breath and walked up to Chang Yi.
Their eyes met, and hostility began to brew.
Just as Bai Tianyu was about to say something, Huo Sheng’s voice suddenly echoed in Bai Tianyu’s ears from afar—it sounded like a thousand-mile sound transmission.
“He’s a Level 5 Awakened. You have to agree to whatever he says for the time being.”
Bai Tianyu was stunned.
In the underground of the official shelter.
In front of the huge instrument, Huo Sheng looked at the numbers displayed on the instrument and felt a bit at a loss.
This instrument was the instrument used by the officials to detect Cheng Cheng’s advancement. At this moment, Chang Yi came to the vicinity of the official shelter and the instrument successfully detected Chang Yi’s power level.
Level 5!
Data that should not have appeared at this stage.
The questions that followed…
How did this man become a Level 5 Awakened?
What was his motive for coming to the official shelter?
Also, what was his superpower?
Arranged in order of importance, these questions needed answers.
How did he advance to this level? Where did he get the Tier 4 zombie crystals? Once this question was resolved, the strength of the Awakened in the shelter would definitely advance by leaps and bounds!
Secondly, his purpose in coming here—this determined the logic of how the officials would deal with him.
Finally, what was his superpower? This determined his combat prowess.
In the event of conflict between the two sides, his superpowers would undoubtedly be a key factor in determining the outcome.
There is temporarily no answer to the first question.
The second question… From his words and logic, it seems this person is not here with good intentions.
As for the third question, his superpower is flight… but it’s unclear whether its a simple flying ability or a flying effect derived from another ability.
With these thoughts in mind, Huo Sheng immediately spoke, and his voice transmitted directly into Bai Tianyu’s ears.
“He’s a Level 5 Awakened. You have to agree to whatever he says for the time being.”
Bai Tianyu was suddenly in a dilemma.
He stood in before Chang Yi, not knowing whether to move forward or retreat.
He was just a Level 3 Awakened. Even if his superpower could temporarily erupt with the strength of a Level 4, he was still no match for a Level 5 Awakened.
Bai Tianyu felt a little aggrieved.
Soon, he could not help but have such a thought.
A Level 5 Awakened… If the person standing here was Brother Lu, he would definitely rip off this kid’s head without a second thought…
(Lu Ming, “1 definitely wouldn’t do that. I’m not that hot-tempered.)
However, Bai Tianyu did not know that Chang Yi possessed multiple superpowers.
One of them, known as “Mind Listening,”—he could hear the innermost thoughts of living beings.
Chang Yi was also stunned.
‘Level 5 Awakened… Are you talking about me? So, can this place detect the level of an Awakened?’
‘And that Brother Lu… What kind of person is he?’
Originally, Chang Yi’s plan was to bulldoze this place.
He would take revenge for grievances and settle scores. He would kill until he was satisfied.
However, now that his Mind Listening superpower had given him new information, he also came up with a new idea.
‘This burly man in front of me knows that I’m a Level 5 Awakened, but he still believes that Brother Lu can twist my head off.’
‘And those two zombies from before, they also said that there’s a monster here that’s even more powerful than me…’
To be honest, Chang Yi was indeed a bit eccentric.
Given his personality, even with his extraordinary superpower, it would be challenging for him to survive the initial stages.
However, “Mind listening” made the impossible possible for Changyi. This superpower had brought him an abundance of information and compensated for his wealmess in interpersonal relations, allowing him to avoid countless crises.
As a result, a scene unfolded in front of the gate of the official shelter.
Bai Tianyu and Chang Yi stood facing each other.
The two of them locked eyes, seemingly deeply troubled and conflicted.
Until Chang Yi grinned.
“Yes, I know that this is an official shelter. I brought my wife here because I heard that this place can protect the safety of commoners like us.”
After saying that, he scratched his head awkwardly. “Well, we haven’t had a proper meal for a few days. Do you have any food here?”
Just a moment ago, he was full of arrogance, looking down on everyone.
But now, he suddenly acted like an innocent and obedient child.
Chang Yi had left Baitian Yu and Gao Junyi completely confused.
Gao Junyi pushed Bai Tianyu away and approached Chang Yi.
He smiled and said, “There’s enough food. Please follow me.”
Gao Junyi and Baitian Yu were responsible for receiving Chang Yi, but in fact, Huo Sheng was still the one making the decisions.
Inside the room where the equipment was located, Huo Sheng had seen everything that had just happened.
Huo Sheng was confused by Chang Yi’s change in attitude…
“He came here in an aggressive manner, but before we could say anything, his attitude took a 180-degree turn. What is this kid thinking?”
This question also remained unanswered. Helpless, Huo Sheng could only continue to observe Chang Yi’s every move.
One of the guards beside him spoke up, “Professor Huo, should we ask Brother Lu to come over?”
Huo Sheng immediately shook his head. “No need.”
Whether Lu Ming was willing to come or not was the biggest issue—since the bilateral alliance until now, Lu Ming had never come to the official shelter.
Moreover, he could not always rely on Lu Ming for everything. Lu Ming did not owe anyone anything.
Huo Sheng knew very well that Lu Ming was getting stronger every day, every moment. Delaying Lu Ming’s time was tantamount to hindering his growth, putting everyone in danger in the future.
The logic behind this was crystal clear to Huo Sheng.
Therefore, he decided to let the official shelter handle this person on their own. Even if they could not handle it, they should keep him occupied until the very last moment, then seek Lu Ming’s assistance.
With Lu Ming’s abilities, as long as they could buy him enough time, all problems would naturally be resolved!
There was nothing wrong with that!


CHAPTER-96
Chapter 96: The Legendary Brother Lu

On the way to the cafeteria, both parties learned each other’s names.
Chang Yi behaved just like a well-behaved child, never revealing his “domineering” side.
Meanwhile, Eileen remained numb and motionless, almost like a walking vegetable.
However, Chang Yi was indeed lacking in strategy and patience.
After a hearty meal, Chang Yi finally could not help but probe, “What’s the highest level of Awakened over here?”
“Level 3, but there are two Level 4s on Guangping Street, and then there’s Brother Lu.”
“What’s Brother Lu’s level again? 1 don’t know, but he’s definitely above Level 5.”
Although he clearly heard this information through his Mind Listening communication, Gao Junyi still asked, “Mr. Changyi, your strength must be extraordinary. May I know what level you are?”
Chang Yi rolled his eyes in his heart.
‘You’re asking the obvious.’
‘And, if you don’t answer my question, you fat guy, you’re dead meat!’
Of course, Chang Yi could not say that.
That unknown Brother Lu had indeed brought tremendous pressure to Chang Yi, so he felt he should play it safe.
“Level 5,” Chang Yi obediently replied, causing Bai Tianyu and Gao Junyi to exclaim in unison.
“Mr. Chang Yi is so strong!” ‘Level 5 probably can’t beat Brother Lu.’
“Mr. Chang Yi is truly exceptional!” ‘Level 5 is definitely not Brother Lu’s match.’
Chang Yi felt a bit numb…
‘So, how strong was that Brother Lu exactly?!’
‘The two of you keep nagging in your hearts. 1 can’t just act recklessly!’
For the first time, Chang Yi felt that his Mind Listening did not seem to be that useful…
Before Chang Yi could think more about it, Gao Junyi spoke again.
“But Mr. Chang Yi, according to our research, it seems challenging to cultivate Level 5 Awakened in Nanxiang City. May 1 ask where Mr. Chang Yi obtained a full ten Level 4 zombie crystals?”
As soon as the question was asked, Gao Junyi gave himself a little slap.
“You see, my mouth is too fast. This matter is indeed not easy to talk about. If Mr. Chang doesn’t want to share, just ignore what I said just now.””In fact, there’s nothing too secretive about it. Since Mayor Gao wants to know, I’ll briefly explain.”
“Come on, 1’11 punish myself with a drink.”
Gao Junyi downed a glass of 52-degree Moutai without changing his expression, but he was about to say something when he heard Chang Yi laugh.
“In fact, there’s nothing too secretive about it. Since Mayor Gao wants to know, 1’11 briefly explain.”
“The opportunities for me to advance to Level 5 are all in the Black Mist.”
As soon as Chang Yi finished speaking, whether it was Gao Junyi, Bai Tianyu, or Huo Sheng, who was observing everything through the monitoring screen, they were all stunned.
Gao Junyi heard Huo Sheng’s voice in his ear, and he remained composed as he followed Huo Sheng’s instruction and asked again.
“The Black Mist, are you sure?”
Chang Yi spread his hands. “Why would I lie about this?”
Indeed, there was no need to lie about this.
Chang Yi could have lied, but there was no point.
Firstly, lies always had loopholes, and Chang Yi was not adept at lying.
Secondly, the opportunity to become a Level 5 Awakened one was within the Black Mist, but that place was not somewhere ordinary people could explore. Even for a chosen one like Chang Yi, he would only have a slim chance of survival if he went in. The chances of these Awakened ones with only a single superpower coming out alive were extremely slim.
Even if the officials could find a way to advance within the Black Mist, it would take time, and with that time, Chang Yi could learn more about Brother Lu’s background.
By that time, matters like the Black Mist would become irrelevant.
Thinking of this, Chang Yi suddenly realized a problem.
He asked carefully, “Hasn’t anyone explored the Black Mist here?”
Gao Junyi shook his head and said, “Of course we’ve explored it. Unfortunately, we lost contact after entering the Black Mist. After a few attempts, we stopped trying. Today, Mr. Chang Yi telling us about the opportunity to reach Level 5 in the Black Mist really helped us a lot.
After Gao Junyi said this, he downed another glass. Chang Yi smiled and joined him for a sip, before asking again, “Even Brother Lu hasn’t been inside?”
As soon as he finished speaking, the atmosphere at the dining table became tense.
Until Chang Yi laughed and said, “My ears are very sharp, it’s my superpower. Earlier, in the corridor, 1 overheard many people discussing Brother Lu. Brother Lu should be the strongest Awakened here, right? So, Brother Lu has never explored the Black Mist?”
Gao Junyi and Bai Tianyu exchanged glances, and it was not until they heard Huo Sheng’s voice again that Gao Junyi said, “Yes, Brother Lu hasn’t gone in.” Mind Listening let Chang Yi know that this was true.
He took a sip of white wine and smiled, “Then he must not be an Awakened who is Level 5 or above, right?”
There was no need for Gao Junyi and Bai Tianyu to say anything. Mind Listening had already given Chang Yi the answer.
Bai Tianyu: ‘Brother Lu is not a Level 5 Awakened, but he is definitely stronger than a Level 5 Awakened!”
Gao Junyi: “So what does this person mean by his words? He deliberately changed the topic to Brother Lu and even said that Brother Lu is definitely not a Level 5 Awakened. Hiss, he has ill intentions.”
This puzzled Chang Yi again.
Gao Junyi’s thoughts did not matter, but Bai Tianyu’s thoughts were problematic.
It was not Level 5, but it was stronger than Level 5.
So what ability did this Brother Lu have?
At the dining table, no one spoke for a long time.
Until Gao Junyi smiled and said, “Mr. Chang, how about we stop here for today? You must be tired after coming all the way here. Why don’t you rest for the day and we can continue tomorrow?”
Chang Yi thought for a moment and nodded, “Alright.”
The original plan was to lay everything on the table.
But that Brother Lu was truly baffling Chang Yi.
Chang Yi felt that it was necessary to interact with Brother Lu first before discussing anything else.
“Can you introduce me to Brother Lu tomorrow?”
In response to his last question, Chang Yi saw Gao Junyi nod slightly, “I need to apply to the higher-ups. I hope Mr. Chang Yi will understand.”
“Understand, understand.”
Chang Yi’s arrival was like a pebble thrown into water, causing a slight ripple.
However, these minor ripples did not affect Lu Ming.
After a calm and fulfilling day, it was Sunday, the 92nd day of the Apocalypse Calendar.
Lu Ming got up early as usual and began his daily routine exercises, while Chang Yi snuggled with Eileen and slept until mid-morning.
Opening his sleepy eyes, Changyi freshened up quickly, and it was already lunchtime.
Seeing the table full of dishes, Changyi’s appetite was whetted, and as he ate, he activated his Mind Listening and Heat Vision.
However, he realized that there was only Gao Junyi around him; the other people from the official shelter were crowded on the other side, within the range of his Heat Vision but outside the effective range of Mind Listening.
Realizing that his actions and words from yesterday might have alarmed them, Changyi straightforwardly asked Gao Junyi after finishing the meal, “Can I see Brother Lu now?”
Gao Junyi looked hesitant and said, “Brother Lu doesn’t want to see anyone today. Mr.. Chang, what do you think…”


CHAPTER-97
Chapter 97: Three Days, Three Days, and Another Three Days (Part 1)

Upon hearing Gao Junyi’s words, Chang Yi frowned, but he quickly relaxed.
The king did not meet the king?
No, no, no. Chang Yi felt that there were only two possibilities why he could not see Lu Ming today.
One possibility was Lu Ming had something on today.
The second possibility was that Lu Ming considered himself not his match, so he did not want to meet him.
The first possibility was less likely, but not impossible.
The second possibility was more likely.
Although from yesterday’s Mind Listening, Chang Yi had heard Bai Tianyu and Gao Junyi’s thoughts that Lu Ming was stronger than him,
But now, he had already alerted the enemy. If Lu Ming was really confident in his strength, then as the strongest person here, Lu Ming had no reason not to come and intimidate him, right?
“Hiding? Fine, then 1’11 give you three days. Once three days are up, I’ll definitely debunk the illusion that your Brother Lu is powerful!”
After making this decision, Chang Yi stopped talking and continued to eat and drink heartily.
But, he had already made the decision to take down the official shelter.
There was no need to worry about food and drink here.
Chang Yi had not eaten so well in a long time.
However, playing it steady was still necessary.
In case that Brother Lu was really more formidable than him, being a bit more accommodating now would allow room for easing tensions later.
On this day, Gao Junyi acted like a loyal guide, taking Changyi on a tour around the official shelter—of course, without letting him meet anyone other than himself.
After eating and drinking his fill, Chang Yi hugged Eileen and treated it as a vacation and did not show much discontent.
During this period, Chang Yi inquired several times about Lu Ming’s detailed information from Gao Junyi, but Gao Junyi evaded his questions skillfully.
Mind Listening also did not provide Chang Yi with the information he wanted.
Because Gao Junyi genuinely did not know Lu Ming’s strength and abilities. As an ordinary person, he was only responsible for internal affairs, and he really did not know about Lu Ming’s matters. And Huo Sheng would not reveal the characteristics of Lu Ming’s abilities and make it known to everyone.
At night, Chang Yi, who was lying on the bed with Eileen in his arms, could not help but smack his lips.
“That’s fine.”
As the saying went, good things take time.
Since he was eating and drinking well here, why not wait for him for three days?
But it would only take three days at most.
Glancing at the numb Eileen beside him, Chang Yi sighed faintly.
“So love really has an expiration date…”
“I need to get a new one.”
Three days passed in the blink of an eye.
Day 95 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Wednesday.
In the past three days, Chang Yi did not get to meet Brother Lu, which further strengthened his belief that Lu Ming was just a paper tiger.
However, Chang Yi did not lose his cool.
He said three days, so three days it was.
Today was the bottom line that Chang Yi had set for himself.
Chang Yi got up at noon. After lunch, he looked at Gao Junyi beside him and said, “Old Gao, it’s been three days, but you haven’t arranged for me to meet Lu Ming yet. You making me wait like this is really putting me in a difficult position…”
He shaved his teeth while raising one leg.
At the end of the day, the dagger was revealed.
Gao Junyi could only smile helplessly, “Mr. Chang, Brother Lu does have something on. We didn’t mean to patronize you.”
Gao Junyi did not know the specifics of whether Lu Ming had something or not, Huo Sheng did not tell him either, so Chang Yi’s Mind Listening could not pick up any clues.
Chang Yi was about to slam the table and fly into a rage when he heard Gao Junyi change the topic.
“I also feel that Brother Lu isn’t doing things properly, but I’m only here to help out. Sigh… However, I have a little bit of authority here, you see…”
“So, let me apologize to you, Mr. Chang, for making you wait for three days, and then…”
With that, Gao Junyi clapped his hands, and the restaurant’s door opened as three gorgeously dressed women walked in.
Chang Yi’s eyes lit up!
“This is, isn’t this that…”
“Yes, Ah Yu, Ah Huan, and Qiao Luo.”
Three of the four female stars before the apocalypse.
They were beautiful in appearance.
Their makeup and dressing were carefully done.
Of the three of them, one was wearing a cheongsam, one a cosplay costume, and the other was wearing a secretary outfit. Chang Yi could not take his eyes off them.
It was not until the beautiful women surrounded Chang Yi that Chang Yi suddenly gasped.
“This… this…”
Gao Junyi smiled and said, “Mr. Chang, please don’t be offended. I only have this small amount of authority…. But Mr. Chang, this matter is not suitable to be discussed in the open here at our gathering place. So, Mr. Chang, please enjoy yourself and don’t tell others.”
Chang Yi’s mental defense line was instantly breached…
How could I, Chang Yi, withstand such a temptation?
In a daze, he heard Gao Junyi’s voice again, “So, Mr. Chang, about Brother Lu’s situation, let me apply for you again. Can you wait for two more days?”
“Sure, alright, alright!”
Chang Yi, who was immersed in a gentle embrace, waited for three more days.
Day 98 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Saturday.
During lunchtime, Chang Yi hugging Ying Ying and Yan Yan in his arms, asked Gao Junyi again, “Regarding Brother Lu…”
Gao Junyi smiled obsequiously, “Brother Lu is still busy, still busy…”
Chang Yi suddenly frowned.
Although he had been immersed in the gentle paradise for the past three days, he also had some thoughts.
For example, about women.
Once he dealt with Brother Lu, there would be no one in the entire official shelter who could rival him. At that time, wouldn’t all the four female stars and other women be his? Why waste time waiting here?
Just today, Chang Yi reluctantly pulled himself out of the gentle paradise and was ready to cause trouble.
However, before Chang Yi could say anything, Gao Junyi interrupted, “Actually, today, we’d like to ask Mr. Chang for a favor.”
At the mention of favor, Chang Yi’s frown deepened.
But considering that he had been well-fed and pampered these past few days, and they even found him a new love, Chang Yi reluctantly suppressed the violence in his heart. He nodded slightly and gestured for Gao Junyi to continue.
Gao Junyi’s expression turned serious, “The Holy Tower.”
“Mr. Chang, do you know about the Holy Tower? The tower that appeared in the city center at the beginning of the apocalypse?”
Chang Yi had long heard of the Holy Tower.
He knew that the thing seemed to be very important, but Chang Yi did not have any specific information about it.
Upon hearing Gao Junyi’s words, Chang Yi immediately became more attentive.
“Go on.”
“Well, we’ve researched it, and it seems that the Holy Tower reacts to high-level Awakened ones and zombies.It’s like this. Currently, Mr. Chang is the only Level 5 Awakened in the entire Nanxiang City. So, we would like to ask you, Mr. Chang, to go to the Holy Tower and take a look. What do you think?”
Chang Yi briefly weighed the pros and cons and nodded decisively, “Sure.”
This was not to help the officials, but the Holy Tower was a mystery to everyone and was very important. Chang Yi himself had wanted to explore it, but he was held back by the gentle paradise over here.
After some thought, Chang Yi felt that going to explore the Holy Tower first seemed like a good choice..


CHAPTER-98
Chapter 98: Three Days, Three Days, and Another Three Days (Part 2)

They set off immediately after lunch.
There were not many people accompanying Chang Yi. Other than Gao Junyi, there was only a driver who knew nothing.
They arrived at the base of the Holy Tower, and Gao Junyi accompanied Chang Yi out of the car and walked to the bottom of the Holy Tower. Chang Yi raised his head and looked at the towering spire.
His vision was momentarily blank.
Vaguely, a piece of information seemed to transmit into Chang Yi’s mind.
Chang Yi attentively tried to listen and discern the message for several minutes before he came back to his senses.
Gao Junyi had been observing Chang Yi’s reactions all the while. When Chang Yi regained his senses, Gao Junyi quickly asked, “Mr. Chang, how is it?”
Chang Yi narrowed his eyes and pondered for a moment before he honestly said,
“Your speculation is indeed correct. 1 triggered a reaction from the tower.”
“Just as I was approaching the Holy Tower, a piece of information suddenly appeared in my mind…”
“It told me that if I wanted to gain stronger power, if I wanted to escape from this dire situation, 1 should touch it.”
“Stronger power…
Danger zone…”
Gao Junyi repeated these two terms. Just as he was about to ask, he heard Chang Yi say, “Don’t ask me. I don’t know what danger zone refers to either.” “However, there’s a high chance that it’s referring to the black mist circle we’re currently in.”
This reminded Chang Yi of everything that had happened in the black mist.
He shivered and had some guesses in his heart—but he decided there was no need to share them with Gao Junyi.
While contemplating, Chang Yi turned around and walked towards the car, saying, “Let’s go back first. 1 need to think about this matter carefully.”
Chang Yi was indeed serious.
Back at the official shelter, Chang Yi lay on the bed and did not even touch the beauty beside him. He was fully focused on contemplating the information obtained from the Holy Tower.
“Stronger power… Actually, 1 can also obtain stronger power from the black mist. There are Tier 5 monsters in the black mist that can drop Tier 5 zombie crystals. In that case, 1 have the conditions to break through to Level 6.”
“But the danger there is too great… It’s even a hundred times more dangerous than being trapped in a zombie wave!”
“In other words, the stronger power referred to by the Holy Tower should be safer than exploring the black mist…”
Power was a good thing.
Everyone wanted to become stronger.
In Chang Yi’s opinion, taking risks to obtain power was worth it, but there was a limit to everything—it was not worth it to obtain stronger power by exploring the black mist.
And the path to the Holy Tower represented the unknown.
No one knew what would happen after a Level 5 Awakened came into contact with the Holy Tower, and facing the unknown made Chang Yi very flustered.
“And the Danger Zone… Nanxiang City is currently enveloped in black mist. According to the officials, the black mist will shrink, gradually squeezing the territory of humans and even the zombies.”
“If one day, the black mist completely covers Nanxiang, won’t Nanxiang become a danger zone?”
Thinking of what he had experienced in the black mist, Chang Yi’s brows furrowed even deeper.
Suddenly, a soft body gently coiled around him, and a fragrant scent wafted over, stirring a reaction in Chang Yi.
Qiao Luo, who was in his arms, said coquettishly, “Brother Chang…”
Chang Yi’s eyes instantly turned amorous, “Yes, I’m here.”
Love can erase a thousand worries.
Soon, Chang Yi let go of his worries.
Another three days passed.
Day 101 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Tuesday.
Noon, lunchtime.
Familiar location and familiar people.
On one side, Chang Yi ate and drank with an astonishing appetite.
On the other side, Gao Junyi marveled at the physical fitness of a Level 5
Awakened while accompanying him with small talk.
Living a carefree life day after day, like an emperor, Chang Yi did not seem weakened at all.
Then Chang Yi finished his meal, wiped his mouth, and looked at Gao Junyi. “Another three days, don’t tell me there is still no response from Brother Lu?” This time, Chang Yi was really impatient.
Three days, three days, and another three days…
One thing after another prevented Chang Yi from meeting Lu Ming in person.
And during these last three days, Chang Yi had finally figured out the matter of the Holy Tower.
Respond to the Holy Tower?
Impossible!
It would not be too late to respond to the Holy Tower when the situation became impossible.
Now, he only wanted to do one thing, enjoy!
Eat! Drink! Play! Have fun!
‘After I’ve had enough fun, we can talk about other things.’
If he wanted to enjoy himself, he had to conquer the official shelter. Only then would he not have to worry about food, drink, and beauties.
However, if he wanted to take down the official shelter, the legendary Brother
Lu would become a stumbling block in Chang Yi’s path.
Chang Yi felt that this matter could not be delayed any longer.
If Gao Junyi said “no,” Chang Yi would massacre the official shelter without paying any more attention to Brother Lu.
But unexpectedly, a smile appeared on Gao Junyi’s chubby face.
“Brother Chang, Brother Lu has replied. He has time to meet you now. Shall we leave now?”
Chang Yi was slightly stunned. He thought for a moment and could not help but ask, “Can’t he come to meet me instead?”
Gao Junyi revealed a troubled expression,”Brother Chang, do you know the kind of status and strength our Brother Lu have? Ordinary people can’t even meet Brother Lu even if they want to. Now that Brother Lu can spare some time to see you, it’s already a great deal… What do you think…”
Chang Yi felt offended.
But this actually ignited Changyi’s competitive spirit.
He snorted and stood up decisively, “Alright, since your Brother Lu is so awesome, I’ll go and see what kind of character he really is!”
Today, in the afternoon.
The gathering place on Guangping Street had already been cleared.
Only Lu Ming sat alone in front of his house.
As he recalled the conversation with Huo Sheng earlier in the morning, Lu Ming could not help but scratch his head.
“Chang Yi?”
“Let me deal with him?”
“How do I deal with him?”
Huo Sheng did not say how to deal with him.
Huo Sheng only mentioned that Chang Yi did not seem like a good person, and he persistently wanted to meet Lu Ming. The officials could not stop him.
As for how Lu Ming should handle the meeting, Huo Sheng left the decision to Lu Ming.
As everyone knew, Lu Ming disliked trouble, and he particularly did not like meeting strangers – Changyi checked both boxes, which naturally made Lu Ming not have a good impression of him…
Suddenly, the humming sound of a car echoed in his ears. Lu Ming looked up and saw a military vehicle driving into the gathering place. Soon, it stopped about twenty meters in front of him.
“Bang.”
The car door opened, and two men, one fat and one thin, stepped out from the back seat.
“Hello, Brother Lu!”
The chubby man greeted Lu Ming respectfully from a distance. Lu Ming nodded slightly and looked at the thin man beside him.
With a height of 1.8 meters, he seemed like a dwarf compared to Lu Ming.
But he had a quirky mustache.
He was wearing a white sports jacket and light blue jeans. His expression was relatively calm, but Lu Ming could vaguely see a glimmer of light in this person’s eyes.
It was the light of ambition.
It was also the light of pride.
And it was the light of danger.
“Are you the legendary Brother Lu?”
Meeting Lu Ming’s eyes, Chang Yi asked..


CHAPTER-99
Chapter 99: Lu Ming’s Thoughts

“Are you the legendary Brother Lu?”
Staring at Lu Ming in front of him, Chang Yi slowly narrowed his eyes.
Strong!
Chang Yi’s first impression on Lu Ming was that he was strong!
He was 2.3 meters, wearing a short-sleeved shirt, his bare arms were even thicker than Chang Yi’s thighs.
His facial features were still considered decent, but compared to his exaggerated physique, his facial features did not seem as important.
Opposite Chang Yi, Lu Ming slowly stood up and looked down at Chang Yi.
“Yes, I’m Lu Ming.”
“I heard that you wanted to meet me?”
Chang Yi nodded gently, “Yes.”
Then, the two of them fell silent…
Lu Ming’s build brought some pressure to Chang Yi.
But not much.
Physique could not determine combat power – otherwise, Tanks would be the most powerful.
Even if Lu Ming was tall and strong, it did not matter. The key was, what level was this Lu Ming?
Therefore, after a simple conversation, Chang Yi did not speak anymore – he did not need words to get the answer. He just needed to activate his mind-reading ability, and Lu Ming would naturally tell him everything without missing a thing.
Lu Ming’s reaction was also simple—he did not say much.
The atmosphere began to become awkward and abstract.
Lu Ming remained expressionless, but Chang Yi’s brows gradually furrowed.
It was because…
He could not hear Lu Ming’s thoughts!
Lu Ming had no thoughts!
This can’t be!
Chang Yi thought to himself.
This was because the Mind Listening ability was not an ability that could be resisted by strength.
The effectiveness of Mind Listening had nothing to do with the other person’s strength at all. As long as the other person had thoughts and intentions, no matter how strong he was, he could not avoid Chang Yi hearing his thoughts.
“So what’s wrong with this person?!”
Chang Yi was puzzled when he suddenly received feedback from his Mind Listening.
“What does this person mean?”
He had heard Lu Ming’s thoughts!
Chang Yi was stunned for a moment before he heard Lu Ming speak.
“It’s you. You’re here to see me, right?”
Chang Yi nodded.
“What’s up?”
Chang Yi opened his mouth, but he did not know how to answer Lu Ming’s question.
He activated his Mind Listening Technique again.
“He came to find me, but he didn’t say anything. He didn’t say why he came either. Is this person crazy?”
Chang Yi’s expression froze, and Lu Ming spoke again.
“You came to see me and have no idea why you came to see me? Are you crazy?”
Chang Yi’s face instantly turned beet-red.
He realized something.
Lu Ming was straightforward and spoke his mind.
What he said was what he thought!
He did not play any tricks—he said whatever he wanted…
In the face of such a person, it was useless to listen to his thoughts!
With a thought, Chang Yi went all out.
A smile appeared on his face as he said softly, “I’ve only been here for a short time, but I’ve often heard of Brother Lu’s name. I’m a Level 5 Awakened, but I’ve been told that Lu Ming’s strength is stronger than mine.”
“Therefore, I thought of visiting Brother Lu and sparring with Brother Lu to see if Brother Lu is stronger or I, Chang Yi, am stronger.
Yes, that’s right.
I won’t beat around the bush with you!
To put it bluntly, I’m here to challenge you.
By saying this, it must have provoked some reaction from you, surely?”
Sure enough, upon hearing Chang Yi’s words, Lu Ming frowned.
“Let’s spar?”
“Yes, a spar.”
“I’m sorry. I don’t like sparring with strangers.”
Lu Ming simply refused.
Sparring was too dangerous.
In any case, Lu Ming had heard from Wang Xiong, Zhao Yongchun, and the others that in the past, when they were practicing martial arts, they often had outsiders coming to challenge them.
When they encountered novices, they dealt with them casually.
However, if it was an expert challenging them, it was easy to run into problems during the spar.
Fighting, if not done seriously, could not determine one’s level. But once it was done seriously, it was not easy to hold back and injuries could happen.
‘What if I get injured? Wouldn’t that delay my regular training? There’s no need to mess up the rhythm of my own life over such a small matter.’
Mind Listening captured Lu Ming’s thoughts again.
This made Chang Yi frown again, “Training? Brother Lu, do you like to train?”
Lu Ming nodded. “Yes.”
“But this has nothing to do with you. In short, let’s skip the sparring. Fists and kicks have no eyes. I have no grudge or grievances with you. There’s no need for a fight.”
After saying this, Lu Ming did not want to chat with Chang Yi anymore…
In Lu Ming’s eyes, the matter was actually very simple.
This person believed himself to be strong and wanted to spar with me.
However, he did not want to exchange blows with him.
You have no right to force me to do something 1 don’t want to do, right?
Now that the matter was clear, Lu Ming felt that this matter was resolved.
He turned around and was about to return home when he heard Chang Yi’s voice again from behind.
“Are you afraid?”
“I’m not afraid of you. I just don’t think it’s necessary.
I don’t fear you. I just feel it’s unnecessary.”
Chang Yi said agitatedly, “It’s just a spar, just a spar! just once, 1 just want to see how strong you are.”
“No, what does my strength have to do with you?
How strong I am has nothing to do with you, right?”
After saying this, Lu Ming had already opened the door and walked into the house.
Chang Yi was left standing at the door of Lu Ming’s house with a dumbfounded expression.
Until Gao Junyi gently tugged at Chang Yi’s sleeve.
“Brother Chang, you’ve seen Brother Lu. To be honest, Brother Lu’s temper is like this. Please don’t take offense.”
With that, Gao Junyi said apologetically, “Shall we go back first?”
Chang Yi suddenly turned his head and looked at Gao Junyi.
His face twitched, and he could no longer suppress the violence in his heart!
Three days, three days, and another three days…
“Do you know how 1 survived these nine days?!”
The suppressed growl made Gao Junyi involuntarily take two steps back.
Chang Yi roared at the sky, “I, Chang Yi! The chosen one! The number one in the world!
I’m Level 5! I’m the strongest in Nanxiang!
In the end, when I came to your official shelter, I was frightened and aggrieved by Brother Lu for nine whole days!
Now, 1 want to spar with you. That’s because 1 gave you face! In the end, you treat me like this! This is how you treat me!!”
There was a “Snap” sound.
The window on the second floor of Lu Ming’s house opened. Lu Ming stood at the window and looked at Chang Yi, frowning as he said.
“I’m going to take a nap, keep your voice down.” ‘What’s wrong with this person? Shouting loudly outside someone else’s house. It’s a pity that there are no mental hospitals in this post-apocalyptic world…’
Chang Yi felt his anger rising.
I’m the protagonist!
I’m the protagonist of a cool and exciting story!
After reaching Level 5,1, Chang Yi, decided that any hit of displeasure would be disrespectful to my strength.
And here you are, a straight-talking impulsive fool, are you going to brush me off and belittle me just like that?!
He instantly recalled the defeat he had suffered in front of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
Taking a deep breath, Chang Yi angrily smiled and said, “I can’t bear it anymore!”
“My name is Chang Yi. Remember this!
Lu Ming! The one who killed you! Chang Yi!!”
His telekinesis erupted in an instant.
It shot towards Lu Ming like a cannonball!
Chang Yi saw that Lu Ming was standing there like a fool, and not moving.
Until the telekinetic cannonball shattered the window on the second floor and smashed straight into Lu Ming’s face.
Boom!
Lu Ming did not move, but his face wrinkled for a moment before returning to normal a second later.
The atmosphere instantly froze.
It was like a bucket of cold water poured over Chang Yi’s head.
Without another word, he stood at attention and bowed 90 degrees to Lu Ming. “I’m sorry, Brother Lu. I was impulsive. Please forgive me..”


CHAPTER-100
Chapter 100: Why is this happening?!

Telekinesis was one of Chang Yi’s main combat superpowers.
There were many ways to use the myriad transformations!
When Chang Yi attacked in a fit of anger just now, he undoubtedly used his full strength—although the power of the telekinetic blast seemed unimpressive, it was incredibly concentrated in power.
However, it hit Lu Ming’s face like a gentle breeze, barely making a dent.
At that moment, Chang Yi realized something.
This Brother Lu is a monster.
A wise man does not stand under a dangerous wait.
A hero does not fight when the odds are against him.
I’ll back down and give the matter further thought!
This was Chang Yi’s true inner thoughts.
However, amidst his ninety-degree bow, he did not notice that Lu Ming’s eyes were slowly turning red.
Turning his head, Lu Ming looked at his home.
The window on the second floor was completely destroyed.
Under the impact of the telekinetic blast, the entire window was crushed into powder. Even the iron plate was twisted and deformed, hanging precariously on the edge, looking particularly desolate.
Chang Yi activated his Mind Listening and in the next second, he caught a deafening roar of anger!
“My house!
My house!
How dare you touch my house! How dare you touch my house!”
“Wait, Brother Lu, wait. The house can be repaired, it really can be repaired! 1 can personally fix it for you, is that acceptable?”
As Chang Yi spoke, he felt a sense of absurdity.
What was wrong with this person?
Is your dilapidated house that important?
I hit you in the face, didn’t I?
My telekinetic blast hit you in the face!
Lu Ming suddenly looked down at Chang Yi.
The muscles on his face squirmed, and his facial features became ferocious.
Yet his voice was calmer than before…
“Repair? I’ve spent so much effort on this house. Can the word ‘repair’ compensate for the mistake you made?”
Chang Yi was speechless.
“Also, I did hear it just now, you wanted to kill me, didn’t you?
You wanted to kill me.
We have no grudges or enmity, why do you want to kill me!?
Why! “Why !?”
Lu Ming’s body convulsed.
He did not understand this person, Chang Yi.
What did I do wrong? Why do you want to kill me?!
Have 1 offended you in any way that you wanted to kill me?!
Why do you want to kill me?
What right do you have to kill me!?
Moreover, he wasn’t just talking; he actually acted on it!
“You shot me with a cannon! You hit my face! You broke my window!?
Why…
What on earth is going on!!”
From the beginning of the apocalypse until now, Lu Ming had become increasingly unable to understand this world.
There were zombies chasing you and biting you… That was not important anymore. Those were zombies. They were mindless creatures and only liked to eat brains. Lu Ming could understand why they would attack humans.
But now, you are a living human, you want to beat me up and lull me for no reason, and you want to teardown my house?!
He did not understand.
Lu Ming truly did not understand!
Chang Yi saw Lu Ming jumping down from the window on the second floor, and landed steadily on the ground.
His reddened eyes were fixed on Chang Yi, the killing intent in his eyes exceptionally heavy.
Chang Yi’s heart sank.
He felt the overwhelming and intense killing intent emanating from Lu Ming’s body!
Actually, Chang Yi was also bewildered.
“Yes, 1 admit that I’m a little arrogant.
I also admit that I can be a bit foolish at times.
However, Brother Lu, you should know that I didn’t break through your defenses!
Not breaking through the defense = no damage = 1 didn’t attack.
There was nothing wrong with that!”
Lu Ming kept advancing, and Chang Yi kept retreating, speaking as he moved back.
“Brother Lu, look at how this matter has blown up. I know I was wrong. Brother Lu, please give me a chance.
1’11 repair the house for you. I’ll kneel down and apologize to you.”
Chang Yi said he would kneel, and he actually did so.
However, the moment his knees touched the ground, the ground suddenly distorted. A thick and sharp spike rose from the ground under Lu Ming’s feet and smashed straight at Lu Ming’s lower body!
A sneak attack!
Due to Chang Yi’s telepathic listening, he already knew Lu Ming’s true thoughts!
Protect yourself and nip the danger in the bud!
The moment Chang Yi attacked, there was no room for reconciliation!
“Boom!”
The thick earth spike was swept away by Lu Ming’s right arm and exploded on the spot. Immediately after, Lu Ming’s thigh muscles suddenly bulged!
Chang Yi only heard a violent sonic boom.
When he looked back, Lu Ming had already appeared beside him.
Everyone who had deep interactions with Lu Ming knew one thing.
Brother Lu was a very amiable person.
He was strong, but he had never been domineering.
Although his burly physique gave a strong sense of oppression, anyone who interacted with Lu Ming would understand that beneath that large and imposing body lay a kind and gentle heart.
However, one had to know that.
Lu Ming’s kindness was never without a bottom line!
There were two kinds of people whom Lu Ming could never forgive!
Those who had ill intentions towards him.
Those who touched his house.
Today, at this moment.
Chang Yi met both the points.
One could imagine how strong Lu Ming’s killing intent towards him was at this moment!
The moment Lu Ming appeared beside Chang Yi, Chang Yi felt goosebumps all over his skin.
The ice-cold killing intent penetrated his marrow, making him shiver.
The moment Lu Ming raised his fist.
Chang Yi felt like he was falling into an abyss.
I’m going to die! I’m going to die!
If this punch landed, it would be enough to smash Chang Yi into pulp!
Amidst the life-threatening crisis, Changyi’s mind unexpectedly calmed down.
“Dragon Transformation!”
Dragon scales, dragon tail, and dragon claws instantly appeared on Chang Yi’s body, greatly increasing his three-dimensional attributes.
At the same time, a tremendous telekinetic force covered the space in front of Lu Ming’s fist!
Everything suddenly fell silent.
In the next second.
Where Lu Ming’s fist landed, countless mirrors seemed to explode crazily. Layers of sound barrier surged, causing Lu Ming’s punch speed to instantly slow down until it heavily struck Chang Yi’s chest.
“Boom!”
Chang Yi was sent flying like a cannonball.
But he was fine.
Not only was he fine, but he immediately stood up and stroked the shattered dragon scales on his chest while laughing arrogantly.
“So, that’s it! So, that’s it!
You, Lu Ming, aren’t much stronger than me!!”
Chang Yi was known to be at Level 5.
His basic physical attributes, in terms of numerical values, were around 160 points.
The Dragon Transformation superpower was similar to Bai Tianyu’s Blood Boiling. It could double his physical attributes—so, Chang Yi’s physical attributes reached 320 points!
However, unlike Blood Boiling, Changyi’s Dragon Transformation did not result in post-use weakness and negative debuffs. Instead, it provided additional boosts to his defense, lethality, and the power of his other abilities!
This was a rather high-level superpower!
Coupled with Telekinesis and Elemental Manipulation, Chang Yi had two main combat abilities.
What Chang Yi said— “I’m invincible”—was indeed logically supported.
Then, he looked at Lu Ming’s three-dimensional attributes.
Strength: 606.7
Physique: 618.1
Agility: 638.
They were less than double Chang Yi’s.
Lu Ming’s ordinary punch had first been weakened by Chang Yi’s Telekinesis before striking his well-protected dragon scales.
It was only natural that this punch failed to achieve its goal..


CHAPTER-101
Chapter 101: Continuous Cold Light Punch!

The impact of this punch gave Chang Yi confidence.
Was Ming only this much?
No, no, no.
This Lu Ming was indeed a monster.
Chang Yi felt that he himself was monstrous enough, but in terms of basic abilities, even after activated Dragon Transformation, he was much weaker than Lu Ming —if Li Ming was not a monster, what was he?
However, Chang Yi still felt that he could win this battle.
Because he also had his own advantages.
The advantage of having multiple superpowers!
All kinds of energy instantly appeared around Chang Yi in an instant.
Amidst the flickering of wind, fire, thunder, and ice, there were earth and ice elements condensing into armor, fire and thunder elements covering his sharp claws, wind elements forming wings on his back, and invisible telekinesis gathering power like a poisonous snake, ready to strike!
The dazzling light and shadow complemented Chang Yi’s heroic and extraordinary domineering aura.
His body slowly floated up and he looked down at Lu Ming from a high vantage point, with an air of arrogance.
“You’re dead!
Yes, You’re finished!
The only variable now is your superpower!
Tell me, Lu Ming, what’s your superpower? Then, show it to me, so you won’t have any regrets…”
It was not that he was deliberately showing off.
The purpose of Chang Yi’s words was to stir up Lu Ming’s thoughts and uncover more of his secrets.
However, the answer given by his Mind Listening instantly stunned Chang Yi.
“I don’t have any superpowers.
But it’s not important. Who said you can’t kill without superpowers?”
He watched as Lu Ming flipped through his pocket and took out a slingshot and several pellets.
Raising the slingshot and aiming it at Chang Yi, Lu Ming said softly, “Are you going to jump down, or should I shoot you down?”
Chang Yi remained unfazed and even felt like laughing.
A slingshot?
Are you serious?
But in the next second, Chang Yi could not smile anymore.
Just then, there was a buzzing bang.
Lu Ming’s hand moved over the slingshot, like a pianist playing the piano with a special melody.
This was the special melody brought about by Slingshot Shooting Lv 31 (250/3100)!
When the skill level reached Level 20, it was equivalent to the level of a top professional gamer. And when the skill level broke through Level 30, Lu Ming discovered that his skills had an effect of turning decay into magic.
Take, for example, his slingshot shooting now.
Just by holding the slingshot, Lu Ming could enter a shooting state directly.
In this state, his focus was unparalleled, and he even felt that his perception of time had become faster – correspondingly, the reactions of his target had slowed down.
It was like a spell that slowed down time.
Even if the moving target was fast, in Lu Ming’s eyes, it was no different from a stationary one.
He held a Tank slingshot made by Zhang Lixin in one hand and a hundred-times reinforced pellet also made by Zhang Lixin in his other hand.
This combination was a treasure against the Tank —a flick of the bow could shatter the Tank’s skull.
Apart from throwing iron discs, this was Lu Ming’s most formidable long-range attack.
The moment Lu Ming’s hand swept across the slingshot.
Everything became exceptionally simple…
Shoot, then hit!
There was no second outcome!
This was the horror of Slingshot Shooting LV31!
There was a loud “bang”.
Chang Yi screamed out loudly.
All he could see was a ray of light flashing past his eyes.
Then came a series of crackling sounds.
The Telekinetic Barrier on Chang Yi’s body was shattered, and the Ice Earth Armor was penetrated.
The deformed and shattered pellets ruthlessly pierced his eyelid and nailed into his right eye.
Blood splattered, and the sound of shattered eggs echoed in his skull.
Chang Yi’s body, suspended in midair, lost balance, and he fell to the ground like a bird with broken wings, crying in pain.
“What a pity,”
Lu Ming sighed.
Unfortunately, this Tank Slingshot still could not unleash its full potential.
Unfortunately, the strength of the 100 reinforced pellets still had limitations. They could not explode the head in one shot. After piercing through several layers of defense, the pellets would break.
But after the “unfortunately,” after that, Lu Ming perked up again.
He put away the slingshot and gearing up, he walked towards the crying Chang Yi.
Just as Chang Yi was about to get up, Lu Ming leaped into the air!
The sun was quite bright today.
Under the sunlight, the battle for the strongest person in Nanxiang City had already begun!
Lying on the ground, the colorful Chang Yi covered his eyes and cried bitterly. In the air, while in midair, Lu Ming leaped high, casting a large shadow over Chang Yi!
As he soared higher up, Lu Ming suddenly descended, and his feet stomped heavily on Chang Yi’s waist like a hammer!
Force, crushing, and then more force!
The series of cracking sounds described the cruelty of Lu Ming’s actions.
The telekinesis barrier on Chang Yi’s body shattered, as did the elemental armor, followed by dragon scales, flesh, and bones.
In just three seconds, Chang Yi’s waist had been trampled into a pulp by Lu Ming!
Countless telekinesis cannons and elemental bullets swept over from all directions and hit Lu Ming.
For a moment, Lu Ming felt as if he was on a modern battlefield, being bombarded by artillery.
His clothes suffered fatal blows.
How could those clothes that cost just over 30 yuan on Taobao withstand the assault? They could only helplessly turn to dust, revealing Lu Ming’s immaculately bronzed skin.
Chang Yi still could not break through Lu Ming’s defense!
At this point, Chang Yi wanted to beg for mercy.
However, with his intact eye, he saw Lu Ming slowly raise both fists.
At this moment, Lu Ming’s fists extended straight forward, resembling two hard spears.
He said calmly,
“Actually, I have my own pride.”
This pride stemmed from Lu Ming’s strength!
In their first encounter, Lu Ming’s ordinary punch was blocked by Chang Yi, which ruthlessly pierced Lu Ming’s pride.
I, Lu Ming, have put in so much effort and hard work, but a random Tom, Dick, and Harry came along and could withstand a punch from me…
Where would I, Lu Ming, put my face?
It was like a bodybuilder coming to an ordinary gym and seeing another guy with even better physique.
The urge to compare would surely arise.
Lu Ming’s current state of mind was probably like this.
“Therefore, I’ve decided to end your offense against me with my fists.”
Since an ordinary punch would not work, then let’s have a sure-kill move!
Profound Meaning: Continuous Cold Light Punch!
His right fist suddenly shot out like a spear, swift and powerful.
This was the ultimate skill of the Zhao family’s spear, Cold Light!
The spear and the fist actually had certain similarities.
At this moment, Lu Ming’s basic spearmanship was LV25! His unarmed combat was LV30!
Both abilities were at high-level, and the connection between them was accurately grasped by Lu Ming.
“Boom!”
His arm was like a spear, and his spear was like a dragon!
An even stronger force surged out and smashed Chang Yi’s left shoulder into meat paste.
Then, he threw another Cold Light Punch with his left fist!
Followed by another Cold Light Punch .
Another blow…
What stood out was the continuous attacks!
The ground trembled and quaked.
Even Lu Ming’s house emitted faint creaking sounds.
Where Lu Ming and Chang Yi were, dust filled the sky and Chang Yi’s continuous screams came from inside.
But a few seconds later, the screams subsided at the speed of light.
Gao Junyi’s face was flushed as he looked in the direction of the rising dust until Lu Ming’s figure slowly emerged from it.
“Brother Lu is awesome!”
He could not help but exclaim in admiration..


CHAPTER-102
Chapter 102: Dragon Mountain Hermit Order

Ten minutes after Chang Yi set off today.
The other two military vehicles also left the official shelter and headed for the gathering place on Guangping Street.
Less than five minutes after Lu Ming killed Chang Yi, these two vehicles entered the gathering place on Guangping Street.
The vehicles came to a stop, and Huo Sheng, Bai Tianyu, Eileen, and the others got off the military vehicles.
At this moment, the dust had already settled.
Gao Junyi placed Chang Yi’s corpse in the most eye-catching position.
The moment she saw Chang Yi’s corpse, Eileen could not hold back any longer!
What happened next…
She burst into tears and rushed forward, scooping up Chang Yi’s mush and stuffing it fiercely into her mouth!
Her terrifying and ferocious appearance even made Lu Ming turn his head away involuntarily.
Such deep-seated hatred…
Of course, one could not persuade others to be good if he had not suffered himself.
Lu Ming did not bother too much about the grievances between Chang Yi and this woman, and quickly stopped paying attention.
lie watched as Huo Sheng walked towards him until he stood in front of him.
“So what exactly is the situation?”
Lu Ming asked in a solemn tone, his expression unchanged. Seeing this, Huo Sheng could only smile bitterly.
“We encountered a psycho who can hear people’s thoughts.”
On the first day, Huo Sheng had realized one thing.
This Chang Yi could hear the thoughts of others.
From Bai Tianyu and Gao Junyi’s minds, he had sensed the strongest person over here—Lu Ming.
That was why he had always wanted to meet Lu Ming.
And the change in Chang Yi’s attitude made Huo Sheng realize that this person was not a good person. He originally wanted to see if the officials could solve Chang Yi’s problem, but later on, he realized that the officials did not have the ability…
At this point, Huo Sheng said bitterly, “Mr. Lu, this is probably what happened.
1 apologize to you first. Because of our incompetence, we involved you in this matter. I’m sorry.”
It was evident that Huo Sheng’s apology was quite sincere.
Lu Ming thought for a moment and nodded, “I accept your apology.”
The reason why he accepted it was because Lu Ming had reviewed the entire matter and realized that Huo Sheng and the others really did not have a better solution.
Chang Yi was too ambitious and had an unrestrained personality. Since he knew of Lu Ming’s existence, a confrontation between them was inevitable.
It could only be said that Lu Ming was always here and not going anywhere.
Even if Lu Ming did not cause trouble, his existence was a big problem for many people and monsters.
Unknowingly, Lu Ming had become a huge target in reality. In the future, anyone attempting to challenge the official shelter could not avoid the issue of Lu Ming.
What could Lu Ming do?
Be indifferent…
He had to kill anyone who violated his principles!
‘Let’s do that!’
“Now that the matter has been resolved, I’ll go back and take an afternoon nap.”
Lu Ming said this, intending to put an end to this matter, but he did not expect Huo Sheng to speak again.
“Mr. Lu, wait a moment. Actually, there are some matters we need to discuss.”
Lu Ming raised his eyebrows, “Is it important?”
Huo Sheng did not say whether it was important or not. He simply stated the main topic, “About the Black Mist and The tower.”
Lu Ming understood, “Then it’s worth hearing.”
Chang Yi did not spill everything.
Even though the official shelter had tried various means, he only revealed two meaningful pieces of information.
First, he had entered the Black Mist, where there was an opportunity to advance to Level 5.
Second, the signal sent by the Holy Tower to Level 5 being.
However, just because Chang Yi did not say it, it did not mean that others would not.
Chang Yi was a talkative person. If he knew something, it meant that the news could not be kept hidden for long.
“I know everything that Chang Yi knew,”
Eileen said in Lu Ming’s private dining room.
At this moment, the corners of Irene’s mouth were still stained with fresh red.
However, the stench in her mouth could not suppress Eileen’s hatred and gratitude.
It was the official shelter and Lu Ming who had avenged her. When Huo Sheng came to contact her in the morning, Eileen cooperated quite well. She made it clear that if they could only kill Chang Yi, then she would do anything for that!
Perhaps, this was Chang Yi’s idea of love…
“Chang Yi is crazy. He was sick before the apocalypse, but after the apocalypse, his illness became even worse.”
This was her subjective impression.
Chang Yi might be eccentric, but he was not necessarily mentally ill. He still had some logic in his words and actions—but this was no longer important.
The important thing was…
“Chang Yi likes to show off. Every time he accomplishes something, Chang Yi will always show off his matters. Therefore, I know all about Chang Yi’s past experiences.”
Hearing this, Lu Ming was the first to speak, “He has several superpowers. How did he get them?”
Lu Ming was still interested in matters related to strength.
If possible, he also wanted all kinds of superpowers.
But Eileen’s words dispelled Lu Ming’s thoughts.
“He was born with it.”
“Chang Yi is indeed special. Every time he advances by a level, he will obtain a new superpower.”
Huo Sheng could not help but sigh.
“What a pity.”
It was a pity that such a powerful Awakened had a personality disorder.
If Chang Yi was like a normal person or did more humane things, he would undoubtedly be one of the saviors of Nanxiang City…
Lu Ming also shook his head in disappointment.
He was born with it, so there was nothing he could do…
Huo Sheng continued, “What about other things? For example, why does Chang
Yi know so much? Or the situation inside the Black Mist?”
Irene explained tirelessly.
First was Chang Yi’s information source.
Chang Yi, although somewhat mentally unstable, showed through his interactions with the authorities that he was not just a reckless person; he had a certain level of logic in his actions.
Logically speaking, if there was no relevant information, no one would voluntarily enter the Black Mist area.
“Mind Listening. It’s Mind Listening that allowed Chang Yi to know about the Black Mist Zone and the Holy Tower’s news.”
Huo Sheng frowned.
“But Mind Listening must have a Listener, right?”
Eileen thought for a moment and said, “Chang Yi mentioned a term before.”
Huo Sheng, “What term?”
“Dragon Mountain Hidden Cultivators Society.”
“Dragon Mountain Hidden Cultivators Society?”
Huo Sheng was confused.
He knew about Dragon Mountain. It was a scenic spot in the suburbs of Nanxiang.
However, with the addition of the words “Hidden Cultivators Society”, Huo Sheng was baffled.
Seeing his confusion, Eileen added, “Chang Yi said that those people know many secrets. He obtained so much information because he listened to their thoughts.”
Huo Sheng raised his eyebrows. “People? They?”
Eileen nodded again and apologized, “Chang Yi didn’t delve deep into what the
Dragon Mountain Hidden Cultivators Society is, so that’s all I know.”
Eileen’s demeanor did not seem deceptive, and she was not taking a deceptive stance.
Seeing this, Huo Sheng could only firmly remember the name Dragon Mountain Hidden Cultivators Society. He asked again, “What about the Black Mist? What do you know about the Black Mist?”
Chang Yi once said that if possible, he would never enter the Black Mist again.
I summarized some characteristics of the Black Mist based on a few casual chats with him.
The Black Mist is merely a barrier. It has the effect of isolating the inside from the outside. Walking into the Black Mist is like passing through a membrane. There’s no actual mist inside the Black Mist, and the visibility is the same as the outside.
However, after entering the Black Mist, if you want to come out again, you need some other conditions—Chang Yi didn’t specify the details, but achieving these conditions is undoubtedly dangerous.
The environment in the Black AAist is different from the outside world. There are all kinds of monsters everywhere…”
“Zombies?”
“Yes, but not just zombies. Chang Yi said that he encountered moving skeletons in the Black Mist, plants that can hunt other living creatures, and strange beasts.
But they have one thing in common. They all have zombie crystals.”
Huo Sheng frowned and could not help but ask, “What are their levels?”
“The lowest is Level 4, and there are even Level 5 and Level 6 monsters. There are quite a few of them, and in some places, there are even some monsters that Chang Yi dared not approach.”
Huo Sheng and Lu Ming could not help but exchange glances.
Although they had not encountered the Black Mist, according to Eileen’s account, it seemed to be quite dangerous.
Before either of them could speak again, Eileen continued.
“By the way, Chang Yi also mentioned that the Black Mist holds many opportunities for one to become stronger.”
As she spoke, she rummaged through her pocket and quickly took out a small booklet.
“This is something Chang Yi brought out from the Black Mist..”


CHAPTER-103
Chapter 103: Basic Breathing Technique

Eileen took out something, and Lu Ming and Huo Sheng looked down at it together.
They saw a booklet that resembled a martial arts secret manual, with a deep blue cover and there were five large characters in black written on a white background.
Basic Breathing Technique
Lu Ming:”???”
Huo Sheng:”???”
“What is this?”
The two of them asked in unison, and Eileen said, “Basic Breathing Technique.”
Hmm… Alright, Lu Ming and Huo Sheng were not illiterate, so they naturally knew that this was the Basic Breathing Technique—it was written in black and white.
Eileen added, “Chang Yi said that this was his biggest gain from the misty area.
But 1 haven’t looked at it in detail, so I don’t know much about it.”
Chang Yi did not carry this item with him. Instead, he hid it in his room.
He thought that he had hid it very well, but he did not know that Eileen had witnessed everything he did, stored it in her memory, and was just waiting for the right moment to stab him in the back.
“Apart from this, Chang Yi also has a bag of zombie crystals. Their levels are quite high.”
However, Lu Ming and Huo Sheng did not listen to this sentence. The two of them only focused their attention on this Basic Breathing Technique booklet. Huo Sheng picked up the booklet first.
As he flipped through the pages, a large block of text appeared before his eyes.
“Chinese characters.”
Huo Sheng first confirmed the font of the text before carefully looking at the relevant content in the book.
As he read, Huo Sheng’s eyes gradually lit up.
Until Huo Sheng roughly scanned through it and gave the book to Lu Ming, who then flipped through it.
He saw on the title page it was written:
‘Origin Power, The Beginning Of The Extraordinary!’
“Origin Power?” Lu Ming muttered these two words. Huo Sheng, who was beside him, said, “Mystery factor. It can only be Mystery factor.”
Turning to the next page, the contents of the text appeared in Lu Ming’s eyes.
However, as he read, Lu Ming’s eyes gradually narrowed.
It was not until he closed the booklet that Lu Ming shook his head regretfully. “This is of no use to me…”
The so-called Basic Breathing Technique, in Lu Ming’s opinion, was a little like the inner energy in martial arts movies.
It involved meditation and using a specific breathing frequency to temper internal energy.
It sounded a bit fantastical.
But in reality, the function of this thing was easy to understand.
As everyone knew, humans relied on Mystery Factors (Source Power) to become Awakened, and Awakened also relied on Mystery Factors to level up and become stronger.
It was the same for zombies.
As for the so-called Basic Breathing Technique, it was to quickly absorb the Mystery Factors that diffused in the air through a specific breathing frequency. This allowed the ordinary people to become Awakened, and even enabled an Awakened to quickly level up.
To put it bluntly, this thing served as a substitute for the zombie crystals.
But how should Lu Ming put it…
He did not want and could not level up quickly as an Awakened; otherwise, it would delay his daily attribute farming.
In any case, this thing was very useful for others—gradually accumulating the high-level corpse crystals was always a challenge. The Basic Breathing Technique could reduce the consumption of corpse crystals to some extent. However, for Lu Ming, this thing was utterly superfluous.
Huo Sheng was fascinated by this thing.
Seeing that Lu Ming was not interested in this thing, Huo Sheng quickly put away the Basic Breathing Technique. At the same time, another question came to his mind.
“Since Chang Yi obtained such a thing, why have 1 never seen him practice it?”
The Basic Breathing Technique was very important to ordinary Awakened.
With this item, it would pave a smooth path towards higher levels.
Then why didn’t Chang Yi use it?”
At the mention of Chang Yi, Eileen immediately sneered, “That’s why 1 said that he’s sick!
He thinks that he’s invincible in Nanxiang and just wants to enjoy life. Why would he waste his energy to increase his strength?”
Hearing this, Lu Ming and Huo Sheng both sighed.
Chang Yi was born with a good aptitude and good luck.
But he didn’t know how to expand his advantage and instead wasted precious time on worldly pleasures…
Lu Ming said, “I have to take this as a warning!
Stay stable and not get distracted.
Focus and persevere!
Invincible? He was just a frog in a well.”
Hearing Lu Ming’s words, Huo Sheng shrugged helplessly.
He wanted to say, Brother Lu, you don’t have to work so hard and persevere. It doesn’t matter if you relax occasionally.
But considering Lu Ming’s personality, Huo Sheng did not feel it was appropriate to say such things.
To him, Chang Yi and Lu Ming were completely two opposite extremes. However, in comparison, Huo Sheng felt that Lu Ming was more adorable. Turning to look at Eileen, Huo Sheng smiled gently, “There’s no need to say anything about the Holy Tower. 1 roughly understand everything in this aspect. Now, I’d like to have a private chat with Mr. Lu. Madam Eileen, what do you think…”
Eileen nodded and turned to leave.
When Lu Ming and Huo Sheng were the only ones left in the dining room, Huo Sheng said, “Mr. Lu, have you memorized the Basic Breathing Technique? If you haven’t, I’ll show it to you again. Then, I’ll take this original copy.”
Lu Ming nodded, indicating that he had memorized it.
In his heart, he indeed had some thoughts of just trying it out and not going too deep.
It was definitely not going to work if he practiced this thing hard. If he leveled up, it would be even more troublesome.
But having an additional skill was always a good thing. Even if he did not need it now, he would keep it and not have to scramble for it later when he needed it. After discussing this matter, Huo Sheng adjusted his glasses, his eyes flashing. “The situation is actually very clear.”
Lu Ming raised an eyebrow and waited for Huo Sheng to continue.
Huo Sheng began to explain tirelessly.
Chang Yi had come into contact with the Holy Tower three days ago and obtained some information from it.
Chang Yi did not keep this information hidden.
“If you want to gain more power, if you want to escape this dangerous place, you need to touch the Holy Tower.”
Coupled with Chang Yi’s experience in the Black Mist, this Basic Breathing Technique, and the various phenomena observed previously, Huo Sheng had roughly figured out the situation they were facing now.
“First of all, we can be sure that the Black Mist and the Holy Tower did not appear out of thin air. The Holy Tower, the Black Mist, and everything we’re facing right now all have a mastermind behind the scenes.”
However, who the mastermind was, or rather, what it was, remained unknown.
“Based on previous observations, the Black Mist is slowly shrinking. The danger in the Black Mist is probably a death trap for us.”
Just because Chang Yi could brave the Black Mist without trouble did not mean the Black Mist area was safe….
Chang Yi indeed had some abilities—other than Lu Ming, no one in Nanxiang could control him.
Even so, Chang Yi said that he would never dare to enter the Black Mist again. This showed how terrifying the danger in the Black Mist was.
As the Black Mist continued to contract in the future, everyone only had two choices, or rather, only two outcomes.
“First, being enveloped by the Black Mist, passively entering the Black Mist area.
Second, break through to Level 5 as soon as possible and then come into contact with the Holy Tower to see what’s behind it.”
Holding the Basic Breathing Technique, Huo Sheng felt a lot of emotions at this moment.
Countless thoughts spun in his mind, and many speculations arose, but they were ail groundless, lacking verification.
After a moment, Huo Sheng smiled and shook his head. “But, this Basic
Breathing Technique has indeed solved a huge problem.”
Although they had found a way to turn ordinary people into Awakened individuals, the total number of zombie crystals was always a big issue.
This problem troubled all the Awakened individuals and suppressed the upper limit of all their levels. The appearance of the Basic Breathing Technique made their path ahead clear.
Speaking of this, Huo Sheng could no longer suppress the excitement in his heart.
“I have to hurry back and popularize this thing.”
After saying that, Huo Sheng paused for a moment and added, “And I think there are big secrets and great opportunities in the Black Mist… Mr. Lu, do you want to explore the Black Mist?”
Since Chang Yi could come out of the Black Mist alive, there was no reason why Lu Ming could not!
However…
Lu Ming’s personality…
“I don’t want to go.”
He was straightforward and decisive.
Huo Sheng’s mouth twitched.
It was really the answer he expected…


CHAPTER-104
Chapter 104: Formation of the Exploration Team

After Huo Sheng left, Wang Xiong, Zhang Chengcheng, and the others returned.
Lu Ming finally had time to take a nap.
When he woke up, it was already past two 2 p.m.
Zhang Chengcheng had prepared lunch early and was waiting for Lu Ming to eat.
After a hearty meal, it was already 3:30 p.m.—Yes, it took more than an hour just for lunch.
Originally, the afternoon was meant for skill practice.
However, after being delayed by Chang Yi for a short while, Lu Ming’s schedule was a bit messed up.
After some consideration, he decided not to practice his skills and instead focus on practicing the newly obtained Basic Breathing Technique. He would give it a try and let the system record it.
Back in his room on the second floor, Lu Ming opened the window to attract more mystery factors (although it was useless), sat cross-legged on the ground, and began to adjust his breathing rhythm.
This technique was indeed profound.
As Lu Ming’s breathing rhythm was adjusted, he could clearly feel a clear and cool air flowing into his body through his mouth and nose, blending into his body.
About three minutes later, Lu Ming quickly stopped using the technique.
He stood up, moved his body, but there were no changes. Only then did Lu Ming nod in satisfaction.
When he opened the attribute panel again, the attributes came into view.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Level 1
Age: 25 years old
Strength: 606.7
Physique: 618.1
Agility: 638.
Free Attribute Points: 201
Superpower: Awakening in progress…
Skills:
Fitness Lv23 (1900/2300).
Slingshot Shooting LV31 (268/3100)
Crossbow Shooting Lv25 (135/2500)
Archery Lv25 (487/2500)
Firearms Shooting Lv25 (1330/2500)
Hand-to-hand Combat LV30 (658/3000).
Cold Weapon Combat LV30 (652/3000)
Basic Spearmanship Lv25 (210/2500)
Throw Lvi6 (60/1600)
Basic Saber Technique Lvi5 (400/1500).
Basic Sword Technique Lvi5 (314/1500).
Basic Staff Technique Lvi5 (100/1500).
Stance Techniques:
Tiger Steps Stance Lvi5 (635/1500).
Resistance Stance Lvi6 (500/1600).
Origin Skill:
Basic Breathing Technique (Novice) (1/100): The most basic Origin Energy Breathing Technique. This breathing technique only assists in absorbing Origin Energy to advance. It has no other special effects. This cultivation technique can only raise the user to the Realm of Mortals, Level 9!
“Origin Skill?”
“Beginner?”
“Realm of Mortals? Level 9?”
As Lu Ming entered the Basic Breathing Technique into the system, several terms that he did not understand suddenly appeared.
After some thought, Lu Ming had some guesses that he did not know were right or wrong.
“An ability related to Origin Energy, which is also known as the Mystery Factor, is named by the system as an Origin Energy Skill.”
“As for the level of Origin Energy Skills, they are not like Level 1 or Level 2, but more like Beginner.”
“As for the Realm of Mortals, it should be a level classification, Realm of Mortals… Realm of Mortals…”
Lu Ming mumbled for a while, and shook his head.
“That’s probably it.”
The information was limited, and Lu Ming could not make too many wild guesses. There was no way to verify the authenticity of all his guesses, so he might as well stop here.
However, according to the description of the Basic Breathing Technique, Lu Ming learned a very meaningful piece of information.
“This technique doesn’t increase attributes even if you cultivate it. It can only promote advancement, so 1 won’t cultivate it in the future.”
He left the house, climbed the tower, and farmed skill proficiency.
Life quickly returned to normal.
Huo Sheng, who had returned to the official shelter, immediately looked for Bai Tianyu.
After recounting what had happened earlier, Huo Sheng handed the Basic Breathing Technique to Bai Tianyu and said solemnly, “Although our current situation seems fine, it’s actually very perilous. Maybe I’m just a pessimistic person. In any case, I think even with Mr. Lu around, we must work hard to find a breakthrough point. Otherwise, there will be a great disaster in the future.”
Lu Ming’s presence had solved many problems for the official shelter.
But Huo Sheng knew well that entrusting everything to a single individual was very dangerous.
It was a last resort before.
But Chang Yi’s experience had given Huo Sheng a new possibility.
“The Black Mist Zone.”
“If there are high-level zombie crystals and the Basic Breathing Technique in the Black Mist Zone, there must be many other good things.”
“”At present, our only option is to open up the situation in the Black Mist Zone!”
Bai Tianyu accepted the Basic Breathing Technique, while nodding solemnly, “1 understand.”
The two of them had worked together for a long time and had a tacit understanding. Bai Tianyu clearly understood the unspoken meaning behind Huo Sheng’s words.
Lu Ming would definitely not explore the Black Mist Zone. Therefore, Bai Tianyu would lead the way and form a small but capable team to explore that unknown place.
Danger!
There had to be.
For the sake of all the remaining survivors in Nanxiang City, Bai Tianyu was willing to take on this risk.
Thinking of this, Bai Tianyu suddenly grinned, showing his determination, “Anyway, with Brother Lu around, everyone’s safety is guaranteed, making me look useless.”
“Now, it’s my time to shine.”
Huo Sheng smiled and shook his head.
“By the way, these are the zombie crystals left behind by Chang Yi. You can take care of them.”
That night, the exploration team was formed.
There were a total of ten members.
Bai Tianyu was the captain, with the strength of a Level 3.
The other team members were also Level 3 and possessed powerful combat abilities through their respective superpowers..
That night, Bai Tianyu came to the gathering place on Guangping Street and completed the advancement to Level 4.
He successfully became the third Level 4 Awakened in the safe zone.
The advancement process triggered a small wave of zombies, which Lu Ming easily dealt with.
The remaining people did not have any extra zombie crystals to complete their advancement—Chang Yi did not have too many Tier 4 zombie crystals in reserve. After all, he did not have any use for himself.
But it did not matter because they had the Basic Breathing Technique.
Though it was not as fast as consuming zombie crystals for advancement, the technique allowed for steady progress.
Bai Tianyu and the others were already prepared to cultivate in seclusion at the gathering place on Guangping Street. When all the members reached Level 4 or when Bai Tianyu reached Level 5, they would set off to explore the Black Mist Zone.
Day 102 of the Apocalypse Calendar, Wednesday.
Lu Ming’s fitness skill had been upgraded to Fitness Lv24 (0/2400).
Apart from that, nothing else happened. It was another ordinary and fulfilling day.
On the same day, in Wang Family Village on the outskirts of Nanxiang City.
The once peaceful and tranquil Wangjia Village was now overrun by countless zombies.
Looking into the village from the outside, one could see the village was crowded with people, zombies pressing against each other, heads against heads, and feet against feet.
The stench emanating from the zombies even shrouded the entire Wang Family Village in a faint mist—it looked like a fairyland from afar but a ghostly place up close.
In the center of the horde of zombies, the two Devourers stood side by side.
They were Simba and Lian Jie.
Speaking of which, Simba and Lian Jie’s days had been quite enjoyable.
After parting ways with Chang Yi, they hid for a while and found that Lu Ming did not come after them. Naturally, the two Devourers had their own plans.
Revenge was definitely not something they would think about.
They would absolutely not return to Nanxiang City’s urban area.
It could only be said that as long as Lu Ming was around, these two Devourers would never set foot in Nanxiang!
However, to the two Tier 4 Zombie Kings, hiding and sneaking around was not a solution.
Without their lackeys and cannon fodder, they could not support their status as two zombie kings and might even be mistaken for soft targets and hunted by zombies of the same level.
After searching the nearby villages, Simba and Lian Jie gathered a group of zombies.
They also claimed Wang Family Village as their territory.
There was no other reason than that this place was at the edge of the Black Mist, the farthest from Lu Ming’s house…
It was just like that saying: If you can’t afford to offend me, can’t you hide?
Looking at their lackeys below, Simba and Lian Jie exchanged smiles, feeling a sense of security.
Just as the two of them were about to discuss their plans, Xu Rufang’s voice suddenly came from behind Lian Jie.
“Son, look at that Black Mist, do you think it is getting closer and closer to us?”