CHAPTER-155
Chapter 155: All of You Have to Die!!

It was hard to describe how powerful Lu Ming was at this moment!
As Lu Ming launched his attack against the Black Feather Tribe, Amang felt as if a towering mountain was bearing down on him.
A furious aura.
An astonishing physique.
All converging into an overwhelming pressure.
It even made Amang’s breath stall and his mind go blank.
He wanted to move…
But under the aura of an apex predator like Lu Ming, he could not move a muscle!
This was the case for Amang.
Not to mention the other members of the Black Feather Tribe…
Until six enormous fists suddenly punched out.
The raging force of the punches surged over like a tsunami, engulfing everything.
“Boom!”
A massive mushroom cloud rose from outside the Nanxiang gathering place.
The deafening sound and blinding light instantly deprived everyone of their senses!
After one move, everything came to an end…
As the dust settled, the sound dissipated.
On the silent battlefield, only the last two individuals were still alive.
One was Lu Ming, of course.
The other was Amang, held tightly in Lu Ming’s hand.
Looking towards where the Black Feather Tribe members had been standing.
Apulan, Arnold, and all the other Black Feather Tribe members had vanished without a trace.
It was clear they had not escaped.
Their bodies were just gone.
Turning his gaze back to Lu Ming and the captive Amang.
One could see that Amang, held in Lu Ming’s hand, appeared dumbfounded, unmoving.
He stared at the strange creature beside him, which was also observing him. His mouth twitched, but he could not utter a word.
There was no suspense, no surprises.
Amang was helpless.
The moment Lu Ming activated the Desperate State, he foresaw the outcome for himself and the others.
In the Desperate State, Lu Ming’s strength had already surpassed Amang and the others’ limits!
At this moment, Amang’s wings had already been broken.
He did not even know how many bones were fractured in his body.
If he had not regained his senses just before the punch landed, and had activated his life-saving trump card, his fate would have been no different from the others.
But now…
Sensing Lu Ming’s hand continually tightening, trying to crush him into a meat patty, Amang panicked.
“Wait…” “Wait…”
“Oh—”
Sure enough, Lu Ming halted his hand’s motion.
The four eyeballs turned to focus on Amang, and Lu Ming’s deep, weighty voice echoed in Amang’s ears.
“Do you have any last words?”
Last words? That could work…
Amang was not ready to die.
He quickly continued, “You can’t kill me.”
Lu Ming asked, “Why?”
Amang took a deep breath and began his plea, “If you kill me, my Black Feather Tribe will definitely seek revenge on you.”
“The first to bear the brunt would be those tribulation transcenders who came before you.”
“They’re living close to us.”
“My tribesmen will flay them alive, subject them to every torment! You don’t want to see your kind endure such agony, do you?”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and said, “No, I don’t.”
Lu Ming had always been very kind…
A smirk formed on Amang’s face, but then Lu Ming’s tone changed.
“But I can’t do anything about it!”
“I’m no hero, and certainly not a savior. Their troubles are distant from me. Besides, if you want to torment them, it’s your problem, not mine. What does it have to do with me?”
Amang opened his mouth, suddenly feeling pressure from all sides—Lu Ming was tightening his grip.
Gasping for breath, he hurriedly said, “Alright, you don’t have to care about them, but you can’t ignore your side either, right?”
“Let me tell you, 1 didn’t act on my own this time. I followed the tribe’s orders! That means my people know our route and destination.”
“If you kill me, my tribesmen won’t just let it go. Sooner or later, they’ll find you and avenge me!”
Lu Ming’s hand paused, and it seemed Amang had found a glimmer of hope.
“Let me tell you, although I admit that you’re very strong, you’re definitely not a match for our chief!”
“You’re not invincible here!”
“Now, let me go and I’ll leave immediately. When I return to the tribe, I’ll speak well of you, and it’s not impossible for us to offer you protection.”
After speaking, he looked at Lu Ming, only to find him deep in thought.
After a moment, Lu Ming sighed heavily.
“So, you are saying, I have to deal with you guys, one after another, right?”
Amang nodded vigorously, “Yes, exactly!”
If I kill you, your tribesmen will come for revenge, right?”
Amang nodded again, “Exactly!”
Lu Ming suddenly changed the topic, “I’ve seen this plot in novels.”
Ah Mang was puzzled, not understanding why Lu Ming mentioned novels…
Lu Ming continued, “In novels, when the protagonist beats up a junior, the seniors come out to seek retribution.”
“But is there a plot where the protagonist spares the junior?”
“No.”
“Do you know why?”
Without waiting for Amang’s response, Lu Ming continued, “Because sparing them is equivalent to showing fear. Fear makes one become subservient to others! Without considering readers’ preferences, just from a logical perspective, there’s no way to spare them!”
“You provoked me first and bullied me first.”
“I retaliated, and then you brought your reinforcements.”
“If I back down and spare you, you’ll return with even more reinforcements, and you’ll keep bullying me until I’m a wreck!”
The more he spoke, the more upset Lu Ming felt.
His discomfort turned into agony, then worry, then fear, and finally madness!!
And the most insane Lu Ming was also the calmest Lu Ming.
He looked seriously at Amang in his hand and spoke again, “Then do you know how to deal with situations like this?”
Amang wanted to say that he would not seek revenge on him—but he also knew that he would definitely retaliate if he survived.
However, before he could voice it, Lu Ming continued, “The best way to handle this is to kill off all the trash like you who always bully others, one by one!” “Didn’t your tribesmen want to avenge you?”
“Alright! Let’s settle this grudge!”
“From now on, you birdmen, I’ll kill every birdman I see!”
“And not only that, just you wait! After I’ve cultivated for a while more, I’ll come find you directly and destroy your nest!!”
“All of you have to die!!”
“Smack!”
Lu Ming was so agitated that he could not control his strength and suddenly exerted more strength.
As a result, Amang’s entire body burst open like a can of canned food that had been run over by a truck, splattering Lu Ming’s hand.
Lu Ming did not care about being clean or sanitary.
He just remained silent until his body slowly contracted.
He walked towards the gathering place in silence.
As Lu Ming walked, he pondered.
He thought about these Black Feather Tribe members, and the methods they might use for revenge in the future.
He wondered why there were always people disrupting his peaceful daily life.
In the end, Lu Ming sighed helplessly. “Black Feather Tribe, I’ll remember you.”
If possible, he would try his best to nip the danger in the bud…
This was Lu Ming’s style.
And poor Amang had no idea what kind of monster he had stirred up for his own tribe..


CHAPTER-156
Chapter 156: Bug System

After entering the gathering place, Lu Ming went straight home.
Because he was very tired.
The weariness brought about by dealing with one after another, from the young to the old, was one thing, and the physical exhaustion was another.
The consumption of the Extreme State was indeed not small.
The consumption of the mystery factor was one aspect—this aspect could be replenished with breathing technique.
However, the important part was the physical exertion, which was unbelievably high!
Lu Ming was a physical powerhouse, but he estimated that he could only maintain the Extreme State for about ten minutes.
It was already midnight, and after Lu Ming washed up, he went to bed.
Just as he lay on the bed, a sudden thought struck him.
Once the thought emerged, it could not be suppressed.
After some consideration, Lu Ming suddenly got up and went outside.
In the distance, Velo and Fala were still immersed in the spectacle that Lu Ming had put on just now.
When they saw Lu Ming returning home, Velo could not help but sigh deeply.
What should he do?
His thoughts were good—to make a brilliant appearance when this generation’s tribulation transcenders were severely injured and resolve the crisis. He would become the savior of this generation’s tribulation transcenders and gain a favorable impression.
But in the first attempt, Lu Ming had torn down the stage.
This was the second attempt.
He wanted to attack, but Lu Ming also did not give him the opportunity.
Moreover, Velo could not help but notice a fact—he had no more opportunities to save people in peril from now on.
Lu Ming was stronger than him, and the opponents Lu Ming could not beat were even more out of his league…
What was there to save?
“No, I need to change my approach.”
As he was having this thought, he suddenly saw Lu Ming walking out of his house and standing in the open space nearby, assuming the starting posture of the Knight Body Forging Technique.
“Still practicing?”
“You’re practicing this late!?”
Crazy!
This guy is really crazy!
Lu Ming did not notice that Velo was peeping.
He just wanted to verify what he had just thought of.
Something…related to a bug in the system!
First was the Conventional State.
He cultivated the Knight Body Forging Technique in his Conventional State.
During the training, Lu Ming tested if he had the ability to deform his body in his Conventional State. The answer was yes, but it was not strong.
Under the Conventional State, he could simply adjust his height, but he could not grow more limbs or organs.
Half an hour passed. The proficiency of the Knight Body Forging Technique increased by 1, and all attributes increased by 2.
Then, Lu Ming activated his Explosive State again!
In the Explosive State, Lu Ming’s three-dimensional attributes were:
Strength: 30138.8
Physique: 30138.4
Agility: 30174.8
The five-meter-tall giant practiced the Knight Body Forging Technique again.
During this period, Lu Ming verified the ability to deform his body in the Explosive State. The result remained the same—he still could not grow more limbs.
From the looks of it, the Four-eyed Six-armed state should be exclusive to the Extreme State.
However, this was not important.
Half an hour later, Lu Ming completed a round of practicing the Knight Body Forging Technique in the Explosive State.
In the Explosive State, Lu Ming’s three-dimensional attributes became:
Strength: 30140.8
Physique: 30140.4
Agility: 30176.8
He took a deep breath.
Lu Ming deactivated his Explosive State and returned to his Conventional State.
Looking at his attribute panel again, Lu Ming could not help but be stunned.
Strength: 15070.4
Physique: 15070.2
Agility: 15088.4
Free Attribute Points: 4
Compared to before, the Knight Body Forging Technique only increased Lu Ming’s three-dimensional attributes by 1 point and provided 2 free attribute points.
The increase in free attribute points remained unchanged.
However, there was a double reduction in the acquisition of three-dimensional attributes!
Lu Ming was not disappointed.
Instead, a sense of excitement surged within him!
“Body Self-Limitation.” “Body Self-Limitation.”
“I was wondering why this thing was designated by the system as a Body
Self-Limitation! So this is the true purpose of this superpower!”
As he muttered, Lu Ming activated another form.
It was a form that seemed utterly meaningless!
Self-limitation State!
Amid the cracking and popping of his bones, Lu Ming’s height quickly shrank, soon reaching around 1.8 meters.
After a simple adaptation, Lu Ming was quite satisfied with himself in his Self-Limitation State.
“My strength is significantly reduced, but my height is still manageable.”
This was because before the apocalypse, Lu Ming’s height was like this—his physique in the Self-Limitation State was not much different from before the apocalypse.
After a few simple exercises, Lu Ming began to cultivate the Knight Body Forging Technique again.
At the same time, he opened his attribute panel and looked at his three-dimensional attributes.
Strength: 7535-2
Physique: 7535.1
Agility: 7544-2
Free Attribute Points: 4
After half an hour, the proficiency of the Knight Body Forging Technique increased by 1 again!
Lu Ming’s three-dimensional form in the Self-Limitation State change to:
Strength: 7537-2
Physique: 7537.1
Agility: 754462
Free Attribute Points: 6
“Next, it’s time to witness a miracle!”
With this roar, Lu Ming changed his form again!
Conventional State!
His physique instantly reverted to its usual appearance, and his attributes changed once again!
Strength: 15074.4
Physique: 15074.2
Agility: 15092.4
“As expected!”
“This Self-Limitation State is specially used to farm attributes!”
In the Self-Limitation State, all of Lu Ming’s attributes were halved.
However, in the Self-Limitation State, the attributes Lu Ming obtained through daily training or skills were not halved. Instead, they were obtained in full!
This led to a result.
The attribute points Lu Ming obtained in the Self-Limitation State were twice that of the Conventional state!
Lu Ming was not sure if this could be considered a system bug.
But whether it was a bug or not did not matter; what mattered was that Lu Ming had discovered this trick. With this knowledge, he could double the speed at which he gained attributes. That was enough!
Satisfied, Lu Ming went home to sleep.
Until the next morning.
During breakfast, Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan were surprised to find that Brother Lu’s physique had shrunk.
He was 1.8 meters tall and had ordinary yet pleasant features.
Compared to his previous height of over three meters, this version of Lu Ming was much less domineering, but he was more approachable. However, Lu Ming knew that this sense of approachability came mostly from his mood.
With the bug in his favor, he was overjoyed!
After a hasty breakfast, Lu Ming immediately began his daily exercise routine.
An hour later, his attributes under the Self-Limitation State increased by 43.
This was equivalent to 86 in the Conventional State!
This led Lu Ming to make a decision—he must use the Self-Limitation State to boost attributes in the future.
Moreover, Lu Ming’s daily routine was all about farming attributes.
This also meant that the Self-Limitation State would become his norm in the future.
After a short rest, Lu Ming began to cultivate the Knight Body Forging Technique.
As he practiced, he contemplated.
It seems i didn’t really lose out too much..”
“Yesterday, I upgraded from the Mortal Realm Level 1 to Level 2, but I gained an additional Body Limitation ability.”
“The Self-Limitation State of my Body Limitation superpower can lower my attributes, allowing me to still gain attribute points through daily exercise.”
“Plus, I’ve got a bug going for me, so it doesn’t seem like I’ve overdrawn my potential that much.”
At Level 1, Lu Ming would farm one attribute point, but at Level 2, he would gain 2 points.
This was the so-called overdraft potential.
Now, because Lu Ming had found a system bug that caused him to gain 1 attribute point in his Self-Limitation State. It was still equivalent to 2 points in the Conventional State.
He had reestablished a balance of sorts…
But even so…
“The Black Feather Tribe has indeed caused disruption with my daily life!”
“There’s also the threat! They will seek revenge in the future! They are a threat!!”
Thinking of the Black Feather Tribe once again threw Lu Ming’s emotions into disarray…
He could only channel his anger into his training.
“Just you wait!”
“When my attributes exceed 100,000 in my Self-Limitation State, I’ll pluck all your feathers!”


CHAPTER-157
Chapter 157: The Second Mobilization of the Black Feather Tribe, and…

How could he dispel his worries?
Only through training!
The threat from Amang before his death was most likely real. Although Lu Ming was not not clear about what was special about himself and his group, he could indeed sense from Amang’s words and attitude that they were determined to achieve something with his group of people.
It was not that Amang and his people who were determined to achieve something with his Nanxiang people.
Instead, it was the tribe behind Amang that was determined to achieve something with his Nanxiang people.
This was a fundamental conflict that was almost impossible to resolve. Therefore, Lu Ming had realized that there would be follow-ups between him and the Black Feather Tribe!
Previously, when Lu Ming said he would kill them all, he meant it.
He had such thoughts and determination.
But clearly, it would not be now.
All along, Lu Ming had this understanding time was his best friend.
He needed time to develop and farm his attributes.
Therefore, he would not go looking for trouble with the Black Feather Tribe now…
Time went back to the evening of yesterday.
Just as Amang and the others were killed by Lu Ming’s punches, on a towering mountain near New York’s gathering place, the police siren rang, causing the wings in the mountain to flutter.
More than ten Black Feather Tribe members of different sizes flew out from various parts of the mountain and arrived in front of a grand hall on the mountain peak.
The grand hall had a rough design but it was ancient and majestic.
As more than ten upper echelons of the Black Feather Tribe stood in position, two figures from the Black Feather Tribe slowly walked out of the grand hall.
One of them was tall and burly. While the height of an average Black Feather Tribe member was between two to two 2 to 2.2 meters, this person’s height was well over three meters!
Dark black wings were spread behind him, the feathers standing erect like sharp blades.
This was not only the current chieftain of the Black Feather Tribe, but also apparently the strongest expert of the Black Feather Tribe, Apelo!
Looking at the dozen or so tribe members before him, Apelo’s voice rang out loud, “The Prophet has something to say.”
He turned slightly, revealing an elderly Black Feather Tribe member before everyone.
This elderly Black Feather Tribe member was hunched in stature, standing at around 1.7 meters tall. His feathers were no longer vibrant but rather sparse and gray.
However, the occasional spark of brilliance in his eyes made it clear that no one should underestimate this elder.
Because he, Ayu, was the stabilizing force of the Black Feather Tribe!
He was the spiritual pillar of the Black Feather Tribe!
Ayu cleared his throat a couple of times, then his aged voice, like a wheezy bellows, echoed.
“Amang’s group was completely wiped out!”
“They failed to fulfill the mission given by the tribe!”
As his words fell, the scene erupted in a commotion.
Was Amang very strong?
Not really.
It was not that Level two Physique Realm beings could be seen everywhere in the Black Mist Zone, but they were considered common.
Even in the Black Feather Tribe, Amang was merely one of the stronger members among the younger generation. Among that generation, he was far from being the strongest.
But everything needed to be seen in context.
Amang might not be strong, but compared to the new generation Tribulation Transcenders who had just entered the Black Mist Zone, he was explosively powerful!
“Did they encounter danger along the way?”
Someone asked that question.
The journey of twenty days did indeed pass through several dangerous areas, and it was normal for Amang’s group to face casualties along the way.
Ayu shook his head, “1 don’t know.”
With Ayu’s reply, the scene fell silent once again. A moment later, Ayu continued, “After discussing with Apelo, we’ve decided that while there are a fair number of people in the nearby Tribulation Transcenders’ Camp, the more Blood Essence, the better.”
“Therefore, I’ve decided to send stronger forces to the site where Amang and the others died.”
Everyone nodded in agreement.
The Black Mist Zone was fraught with danger, and the risk of extinction was everywhere!
For the past few hundred years, the Black Feather Tribe had not been doing well, and the arrival of the new generation of Tribulation Transcenders was indeed a massive opportunity for them.
If he wanted to take advantage of the situation, this opportunity could not be missed no matter what!
Ayu looked at the group. A moment later, he raised his hand and pointed at two male Black Feather Tribe members.
“Asmo, Alder, the two of you will lead the mission.”
Asmo and Alder nodded in unison.
The two of them were absolute experts within the Black Feather Tribe— Level
9 Physique Realm experts!
The fact that Ayu specifically called out these indicated how seriously he was taking this mission!
“As for the route, it will pass through the territory of Dragon Spirit, then Lizard Territory, and finally Bear Mountain.”
This route was exactly the one Amang’s group took.
Finally, Ayu instructed, “The people from the Lizard Territory might have seen Amang. You can inquire there.”
Asmo and Alder nodded again. “Understood.”
The Black Mist Zone was vast.
From the Black Feather Tribe’s territory to Bear Mountain, it took Amang’s group twenty days.
Along the way, they passed two major landmarks — one was Dragon Spirit’s territory, and the other was Lizard Territory.
The Dragon Spirit was a dragon-like beast, and it was so powerful that it had no friends. Although it had a gentle temperament, no intelligent being would willingly cross paths with such a creature..
As for the other landmark, Lizard Territory, it was the territory of a small tribe.
They were known as the Lizardmen, and their strongest members were only at the Level 4 Physique Realm. They were at the bottom of the food chain in the Black Mist Zone, trodden on by everyone except for the exotic beasts.
Fortunately, these Lizardmen had nothing of value that anyone would covet. Coupled with their submissive attitude, their humble existence continued.
Today.
It was the 21st day of Lu Ming’s stay in the Black Mist Zone.
The peculiar combination of two corpses, one tree, and one person appeared near the Lizard Territory.
It was the combination of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, Simba, Lian Jie, and Xu Rufang…
Looking at the Lizard Territory in the distance.
The Lizard Territory was like the Nanxiang gathering place, both territories were built upon the ruins of an ancient city.
After more than a century of development by the Lizardmen, the city had become relatively decent.
But unfortunately, today, they encountered a monster.
“Let’s start feasting from here!!”
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree in Simba’s arms shouted eagerly.
It was hungry.
It had been hungry for a while.
It was beyond hungry!
Simba, the Mother Tree and the others had entered the Black Mist Zone more than ten days before Lu Ming.
Being natives of Nanxiang, their entry point into the Black Mist Zone was the same as Lu Ming’s group — that is, the area on Bear Mountain.
After arriving at the Black ATist Zone, the Mother Tree and the others went through some difficult days, but there’s no need to go into those details.
In short, the Mother Tree did not start a massacre immediately.
It quietly explored, and when it came across Bai Tianyu’s group during the day, it did not attack them.
They observed Bai Tianyu’s group for a few days and realized that they were in the process of constructing a city atop the ancient ruins, seemingly preparing to use it as a base.
Therefore, the Mother Tree and Simba made a decision.
“Run, Let’s hide far away!!”
It was just that… Lu Ming had given them an indelible psychological trauma.
Wherever Lu Ming was, they certainly needed to keep their distance!
At that time, Simba and Lian Jie were only at Level 4 Mortal Realm. The Mother Tree and Xu Rufang were even more of a burden.
This caused the group’s travel speed through the Black Mist Zone to be quite slow.
Currently, Lu Ming had been in the Black Mist Zone for 21 days. The Mother Tree and the others had just reached the vicinity of Lizard Territory.
However…
The distance between them and Lu Ming was already far enough.
“In other words, 1 can temporarily develop a bit.”
Looking at the Lizard Territory in the distance, the Mother Tree swayed its branches, resembling an evil beast licking its lips..


CHAPTER-158
Chapter 158: The Fall of the Lizard Territory

Day 22 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming’s life returned to normal.
Exercise, exercise, exercise!
It was fulfilling and “interesting.”
And on this day, near Lizard Territory, a small flesh-red tree was planted. Simba and Lianjie hunted exotic beasts to water it with their blood and flesh.
On the same day, the Black Feather Tribe mobilized again. Led by Amos and Alder, they were accompanied by ten Physique Realm experts and more than thirty Level 9 Mortal Realm experts.
A new storm was brewing!
Day 23 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming: “A day without incidents.”
Near the Lizard Territory, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree grew to the height of a person, and Simba and Lian Jie had captured a Lizardman. The Blood Flesh Mother Tree absorbed it, gaining intelligence about Lizard Territory and a map of the surrounding area.
Also, on this same day, Amos and Alder led their group, covering one-fifth of the journey, leaving them seven days away from Dragon Spirit’s territory.
As it was commonly known, the speed of a group’s travel depended not on the fastest member, but on the slowest.
Therefore, the speed of Amos’ group was not much different from the speed of Amang’s group.
Day 24 of the Black Mist Calendar.
For Lu Ming, it was another uneventful day.
But for the Lizard Territory, today was destined to be an unforgettable day.
The Lizard Territory had a permanent population of around 300,000. The strongest among them was at Level 4 of the Physique Realm and there were dozens of Physique Realm experts.
Of course, the Mother Tree would not provoke Level 4 Physique Realm experts, but they were a minority after all.
In a valley outside the Lizard Territory.
A large number of lizardman farmers were forcefully detained by the human-headed monster and fused into the fungi carpet, becoming a part of the Mother Tree.
At this moment, the Mother Tree’s main body had already grown to a height of ten meters.
Its growth rate was astonishing…
All it needed was sufficient energy, and the Mother Tree’s growth was enough to leave anyone gaping!
There was not much else in the Black Mist Zone.
But fortunately, individuals with abundant energy were definitely not lacking.
Day 25 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming continued cultivating, cultivating and cultivating.
A normal yet fulfilling day passed.
Near the Lizard Territory, the sneaky Mother Tree, which was also developing wretchedly, obtained a special thing.
A dragon scale of a Dragon Spirit!
That night, the analysis of the Dragon Spirit gene sample officially began.
With a massive energy supply, the Mother Tree would be able to complete the analysis of the Dragon Spirit’s gene in about three days.
So, on Day 28 of the Black Mist Calendar,
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree had finished analyzing the Dragon Spirit’s genes.
As it marveled at the creature’s strength, which far surpassed that of the Physique Realm, the Mother Tree activated all its energy, preparing to replicate this dragon-like creature.
After several days of development, the main body of the Mother Tree had already grown to 50 meters in height, and its energy reserves were quite substantial.
However, replicating a dragon-like creature still required a bit more energy.
It decisively changed its strategy.
It decided to focus its efforts on capturing Lizard Territory, using all the creatures within as the foundation to create its ultimate weapon!
Preliminary estimates suggested that this process would take about five days.
Day 30 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Nothing happened in Nanxiang Gathering Place.
The Lizard Territory encountered an attack from the human-headed monsters. The Blood Flesh Mother Tree, finding itself in a desperate situation, engaged in a stand-off with the assailants. The two sides set up formations, exchanging blows like two opposing armies on the battlefield.
On the same day, the Black Feather Tribe group arrived near the Dragon Spirit Territory.
From afar, one could see black wings spreading on the highest peak of the mountain, and the raw and fierce dragon roars echoed like muffled thunder from the sky.
Astounded, Amos could not help but exclaim, “The Dragon Spirit is as lively as ever…”
Then, he hurriedly led his clansmen to take a detour.
As an expert above the Physique Realm, the Dragon Spirit was undoubtedly the overlord of this region.
Fortunately, being an exotic beast, it did not have any kindred or need for excessive resources and territory, which allowed the survival of various groups like the Black Feather Tribe and the Lizardmen.
Interacting with it was out of the question.
All Amos and the others could do was stay far away from the Dragon Spirit.
That evening, Amos and his companions built a bonfire in the wilderness.
Alder estimated the distance and said softly, “Five days, another five days and we’ll reach the Lizard territory.”
They had covered nearly half of the journey.
The destination was getting closer.
Thinking of the significance of the tribulation bearers, Amos and Alder exchanged glances, the excitement in their eyes seemingly about to spew out.
Day 32 of the Black Mist Calendar.
The battle with the Lizard Territory ended sooner than the Mother Tree’s estimation.
The Lizardmen, due to various oppressions over time, had lost much of their fighting spirit, despite their not-so-low ranks. They lacked noteworthy combat capabilities and determination.
The pale red roots covered the entire Lizard territory.
Therefore, all the biomass in the Lizard territory turned into nutrients for the Mother Tree.
That night, after the Mother Tree devoured everything, it had already accumulated enough energy to create the Dagon Spirit!
“Three days!”
“At full strength, I need three days!”
Without a doubt, the Mother Tree decided to proceed with this plan!
Day 35 of the Black Mist Calendar.
In the valley outside the Lizard Territory, the towering Mother Tree convulsed continuously, shaking the human heads hanging all over it.
Beneath the fungal blanket, a massive figure kept moving restlessly, its formidable aura fermenting and brewing.
Near the Lizard Territory.
Amos and his group floated in the sky, gazing down at the empty, lifeless city below, lost in thought.
“What’s going on here? Where are the people? Where did everyone go?”
Amos did not quite understand. Where did the entire population of 300,000 Lizardmen vanish to?
Evaporated into thin air just like that?
Beside him, Alder pondered for a moment and offered a reasonable guess.
“Amos, do you think the deaths of Amang and the others might be related to the changes here?”
This logic indeed made sense.
Upon hearing this, Amos immediately nodded.
“Highly possible.”
With that said, he continued, “Let’s split up and search to see if there are any clues.”
Their mission had two objectives.
Firstly, capturing the Tribulation Transcenders. Secondly, uncovering the cause of Amang and the others’ deaths.
The former was of utmost importance, while the latter’s significance was not as high.
However, if they wanted to capture the Tribulation Transcenders, they had to pass through the Lizard Territory. If they did not sort out the situation here now, they might probably encounter trouble when they returned.
As soon as Amos finished speaking, the group of Black Feather Tribe members immediately dispersed in all directions.
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree, being a unique entity, did not adhere to the concept of levels.
To a certain extent, its size could reflect the MotherTree’s current strength level.
And now, the Mother Tree had grown to a much larger extent than when it was in Nanxiang.
At that time, the valley the Mother Tree had chosen back then was relatively concealed, but with the rapid growth of its size, even that well-hidden valley could not conceal the massive tree anymore.
Just 30 minutes later, members of the Black Feather Tribe found the Mother Tree’s location.
It was too conspicuous.
Signals were sent out.
The Black Feather Tribe gathered.
Outside the valley, dozens of Black Feather Tribe members stared at the Mother Tree, dumbfounded.
“What on earth is this thing!?”


CHAPTER-159
Chapter 159: Many Monsters in Nanxiang!

There were trees within the Black Mist Zone as well.
However, Amos and the others had never seen such a strange large tree before!
These trees reached a height of over three hundred meters, piercing the sky. Even when the members of the Black Feather tribe were flying, they only reached the same height as the crown of the Mother Tree.
It was precisely because they were at the same level that they could clearly see the densely packed heads on the treetop—99% of them were the heads of lizardmen!
When Amos and the others found the Mother Tree, the Mother Tree naturally saw them.
As the countless heads opened their eyes in unison, more than 300,000 gazes swept over from all directions, sending a chill down Amos and the others’ spines.
“What the hell is this thing!?”
A plant? Only in appearance.
Creature? Never seen a creature with such a form…
Amidst Amos and the others’ confusion, the Mother Tree spoke,
“Why are all of you here?”
Amos and the others ignored the Mother Tree.
They whispered among themselves.
“We can be sure that this thing is behind the deaths of Amang and the others!”
“Should we seek revenge or not?”
“That depends on how powerful this thing is.”
“So how strong is this thing exactly?”
It was impossible to tell.
After all, the Mother Tree did not have a level.
As they chatted, Alder suddenly took out a crystal from his pocket.h
Activating it with source power, one could see the crystal emitting a faint light. The light pointed at the Mother Tree.
The expressions of the Black FeatherTribe members instantly darkened.
“It’s the Tribulation Transcender…”
“This thing is a Tribulation Transcender!!”
Indeed, strictly speaking, the Mother Tree was also a Tribulation Transcender. As natives of Nanxiang, whether they were human, zombies, or even these strange creatures like the Mother Tree, they were all Tribulation Transcenders.
“Moreover…” Alder pondered for a moment before continuing, “Its reaction is very intense. It seems that we can extract more than one drop of blood essence from this thing.”
After Alder spoke, greedy glints appeared in the eyes of the Black Feather Tribe members!
This was a treasure trove…
There was no need for further discussion and Amos immediately made a decision.
“Kill it!”
There seemed to be an irreconcilable fundamental conflict between the Tribulation Transcenders and the indigenous creatures of the Black Mist Zone. In addition, Amos and the others could not tell the level of the Mother Tree at all.
All of this led Amos to make a prompt decision to attack.
Although the appearance of the Mother Tree seemed terrifying, in the Black Mist Zone, looking fearsome did not necessarily equate to being powerful. After all, strength was something you could not judge until you faced it head-on.
Moreover, was Amos a weakling?
Definitely not.
A Level 9 Physique Realm expert was only slightly weaker than a few people in the nearby area.
All these factors led Amos to make the decision to attack.
It was an extremely misguided decision!
The moment the Mother Tree sensed the killing intent, it also moved.
Underground, the undulating fungi carpet exploded.
A massive black dragon with the head of a lizardman but dozens of meters long suddenly darted out of the ground. It let out a terrifying roar at the sky.
This roar was like a bucket of cold water pouring over the heads of the Black Feather Tribe members.
Looking at the familiar body, Amos let out an off-key scream, “Dragon spirit!
How could it possibly be the Dragon Spirit!!”
An eruption of violent frost breath instantly gushed out, turning the entire valley silvery-white!
In the silvery-white light, Amos and his group were instantly frozen and completely lost their lives!
“Weakling!”
The Mother Tree sneered and then waved its roots, swallowing Amos and his companions into the fungi carpet.
The genetic samples and memories belonging to Amos and the others rapidly fused into the Mother Tree’s body.
That night, Simba hesitantly arrived at the foot of the Mother Tree.
Looking at the tall Mother Tree that towered into the clouds, Simba really did not know how to react at this moment.
Back then, it had reached a cooperative agreement with the Mother Tree. Both sides supported and assisted each other in the Black Mist Zone.
Although Simba was goofy, it still took promises seriously.
In the early days of entering the Black Mist Zone, the Mother Tree had no combat strength. Simba had carried the Mother Tree while running and protecting it. In the early stages of the Mother Tree’s growth, it captured exotic beasts to nourish the Mother Tree—a sort of startup fund it provided to the Mother Tree.
And now, in just fifteen days, the Mother Tree had already grown to its current state—Simba was somewhat worried that the Mother Tree would burn the bridges.
“I won’t.”
A branch slowly extended in front of Simba. The head on the branch spoke softly to Simba.
At this moment, the Mother Tree’s voice was very gentle, “Thank you for the help you’ve provided me. I’ll always remember your kindness, Lian Jie, and Aunt Xu.”
“Oh, by the way, this is a Source Power Skill called the Black Feather Breathing Technique. I’ll give it to you now as a token of my gratitude for your past help.”
“Of course, this is only a portion. If you continue to follow me, I’ll give you more in the future!”
“And someday, when 1 become the ruler of the Black Mist Zone, the few of you will be my closest and most trusted… subordinates.”
Simba did not know how much of the Mother Tree’s words were sincere and and how much were pretense.
Simba had no choice but to listen – after all, the Black Mist Zone was too dangerous. It was better to ride the Mother Tree’s coattails than to roam around the area.
After that, the Mother Tree continued, “I’ve discovered some interesting things from the memories of these people.”
“They call us Tribulation Transcenders, and this term is related to an incident called the Heaven Ascension Stairs… Well, let’s not talk about this for the time being.”
After absorbing the memories of Amos and the others, the Mother Tree knew many things.
But upon careful consideration, these things had little to do with Simba and the others, so there was no need to say more.
“What’s more important is another matter… Lu Ming.”
Hearing the name “Lu Ming”, Simba suddenly raised its head, a hint of fear in its eyes.
Lu Ming = monster.
This equation was deeply ingrained in Simba’s mind.
The Mother Tree continued tirelessly, “Lu Ming has already arrived at the Black Mist Zone, and killed a group of Black Feather Tribe members 15 days ago.”
“I don’t know the detailed battle results. I’m also unsure of how strong Lu Ming is now. The only thing 1 can confirm is that Lu Ming’s location isn’t far from us.”
At the end of its speech, there was a tremor in its voice…
Simba was afraid of Lu Ming, and so was the Mother Tree!
Even with the power of the Dragon Spirit replication at its disposal, who knew what Lu Ming was like now?
That guy was a monster!
Even the Mother Tree thought so!
And monsters were not subject to common sense!
“So I think we should move farther away.”
“Get as far away from Lu Ming as possible!”
Simba immediately nodded. “That’s a good decision. I support it!”
The Mother Tree continued, “I’ve also thought of a new destination. Let’s head to the Black Feather Tribe! We’ll pass through the territory of the Dragon Spirit along the way—I’ll just devour it and digest it, and then we’ll go to the Black Feather tribe! I’ll turn them all into nutrients for me! Then we’ll see how things go, whether we’ll settle temporarily there or run even farther.”
Simba nodded again, like a chick pecking at grains.
It couldn’t agree more with the Mother Tree’s strategy—basically, it all boiled down to one thing, stay far away from Lu Ming! It was best not to meet him in this lifetime!
Amidst the violent upheavals of the earth, the Mother Tree pulled out its roots from the ground.
The roots turned into tree-like legs and the Mother Tree strode in the opposite direction of Lu Ming—towards the location of the Black Feather Tribe.
Following behind it were Simba, Lianjie, and Xu Rufang.
Meanwhile, that evening, Lu Ming, who had finished a day of cultivation, was counting the time with his fingers.
“According to the time, the people from the Black Feather Tribe should be arriving soon…”


CHAPTER-160
Chapter 160: Are You Coming or Not?!

Amang and his group arrived at the Nanxiang gathering place on the night of the 20th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
According to the time estimate, the second batch of Black Feather Tribe members would probably arrive on the night of the 40th day.
Of course, one could not rule out the possibility that the second batch of people might be stronger and move faster. Therefore, from today onwards, Lu Ming had to be on guard.
With concerns on his mind, Lu Ming’s sleep quality was slightly affected during the night.
Fortunately, it did not hinder his training the second day.
Day 36 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Nothing happened.
Day 37 of the Black Mist Calendar
Today, nothing happened.
Till the 40th day of the Black Mist Calendar, nothing happened!
However, Lu Ming did not let down his guard. He remained focused and alert for any potential risks.
Outside the gathering place, where Velo and Fala were located.
As the bonfire flickered, the grandfather and grandson were also discussing this matter.
Vero said, “I’ve sent a message to the tribe, but there’s no one left in the tribe who can come over to support us…”
“Furthermore, the nearby two major tribes have started a war, sigh.”
Velo sighed deeply.
Velo’s original plan was to appear as a savior before the Tribulation Transcenders, boosting his favorability with them.
But now, the strength Lu Ming displayed had already far exceeded Velo’s own, rendering this plan a failure.
Therefore, Velo changed his approach.
Retaliation from the Black Feather tribe was an opportunity for Velo, but relying solely on himself was not enough. He requested support from the tribe, but the Spirit Tribe’s power was too weak, and there were no available experts.
The situation seemed to be at an impasse, but then Fala suddenly spoke up, saying, “I’ve noticed that they’ve been eating exotic beast meat these past few days. Haven’t they heard of black rice?”
Velo was momentarily puzzled, then after brief consideration, he slapped his forehead, exclaiming, ’ Right, this could be a way to approach them!”
He looked at Fala and said, “I plan to do this… and then that…11
Day 41 of the Black Mist Calendar.
In the afternoon.
The Black Feather Tribe had yet to arrive…
On the other hand, the Nanxiang gathering place welcomed two outsiders.
They were Velo and Fala.
Carrying bundles and packages on their backs, the two stood in front of Nanxiang gathering place. Under the gaze of the sentries, they raised their hands, indicating they held no hostile intentions.
Soon, Huo Sheng and Bai Tianyu arrived at the city gate.
“Who are you…”
“Traveling Merchants.11
Velo revealed their disguised identity.
The word traveling merchants made Bai Tianyu scratch his head. Huo Sheng and Bai Tianyu exchanged glances and asked, “What are you selling?”
Velo smiled, “Crop seeds.”
He received the warm hospitality of the Nanxiang people.
Food was a basic need for the people.
Without food, they would starve to death -it was a universal truth..
Lately, Nanxiang City had indeed fallen into a food crisis.
More than 100,000 people meant more than 100,000 mouths to feed. Even though exotic beasts were rampant in the Black Mist Zone, the consumption of more than 100,000 people was not a small number the nearby Six-legged Wolf Bears were almost hunted to extinction…
Once the exotic beasts around were consumed, they would have to venture further to hunt, and the crisis would escalate exponentially.
But the most crucial problem was not this.
The problem was that the Nanxiang gathering point lacked a sustainable source of food.
Even with Lu Ming’s tolerance, he was about to vomit from eating exotic beast meat every day.
“This is called black rice, with a high yield and fast growth rate, it’s the main crop in the Black Mist Zone.”
“This is called Sky Blue Greens, a vegetable with a large yield.”
“This is the Heartless Fruit, with a sweet taste.”
“This is a Dragon Melon…”
In a vacant house on the edge of rhe gathering place, Velo opened his backpack and took out its contents. He introduced each item to Huo Sheng, Lu Ming, and the others.
Huo Sheng listened carefully and attentively. Each time Velo introduced a crop, Huo Sheng would smile.
“This will solve the major problem!”
Huo Sheng could not help but boast after Velo finished speaking at this moment, he did not care about bargaining strategies.
He was determined to obtain these crop seeds!
“So, how many Source Stones do these resources cost?”
Source Stones, also known as Zombie crystals, were the common currency in the Black Mist Zone.
Velo said, ‘’Using Level 5 Source Stones of the Mortal Realm as a benchmark, 1000 pieces.’1
He had to take the money because the Nanxiang people were newcomers and were very vigilant. If he did not ask for money, it would tantamount to being solicitous for no reason.
Velo’s offer was the market price, and after a moment of thought, Huo Sheng agreed.
Velo continued, “Furthermore, we also offer complementary after-sales services. My granddaughter and I will teach you how to cultivate these crops.”
This was also very important.
Huo Sheng nodded with a smile, “So, what are the charges for this?”
“Well, there’s no need for any charges. It s just that my granddaughter and I have been staying in the wilderness for too long, and our supplies are running low. We’d like to rest here for a while. Is that acceptable to all of you?”
After a brief discussion with Lu Ming, Huo Sheng nodded and said, “Of course, it’s fine.”
Things like Source Stones were not important to Velo.
Complementary services were the most crucial!
With this excuse, Velo could stay in the Nanxiang gathering place and build a good relationship with these new generation Tribulation Transcenders.
More importantly, when the second wave of the Black Feather Tribe attacked, he could act opportunistically.
If rhe strength of the second wave of the Black Feather Tribe was too overwhelming, he would escape with his granddaughter.
If their strength was not very high, he could provide assistance, boosting their impression of him. While this would not garner favorability as high as that of a savior’s arrival, it still would not be low.
The plan was set.
As he was thinking, Lu Ming’s voice suddenly sounded in his ear, “Are you selling anything else?”
Velo perked up, “What do you need?’1
“Source Power Skill?1’
Velo shook his head, “That thing is very precious. I don’t have it with me.”
In the Black Mist Zone, other than some basic breathing techniques, normal Source Power Skills were all sealed within inheritance orbs.
Source Power Skill held significant value, and Velo would not carry them around casually.
Lu Ming sighed slightly when he heard this and was not too disappointed.
Currently, he was already busy enough just cultivating the Knight Body Forging Technique. For the time being, he did not need to seek out more Source Power Skills.
The arrival of Velo and Fala did not cause much of a stir in the Nanxiang gathering place.
Lu Ming s daily life continued as usual.
Velo and Fala were also awaiting the second wave of attacks from the Black Feather Tribe.
However, strangely enough.
Even until the 50th day of the Black Mist Calendar, there was still no sign of any movement from the Black Feather Tribe. ..
That night, Lu Ming tossed and turned in bed, unable to fall asleep.
There was only one question in his mind.
“What are these Black Feather Tribe members up to?!”
“Are you guys coming or not?!”
It felt like waiting for a punishment after performing poorly in an exam.
You knew a spanking was inevitable, but you kept waiting and waiting for the outcome…
This torment was truly agonizing!
Elsewhere, Velo was lying on the bed, feeling a bit bewildered.
“Are the Black Feather tribe members still coming?!”
“Damn, the black rice is almost edible! What the hell are you guys dragging your feet for!?’1


CHAPTER-161
Chapter 161: The Grand Commander of New Yorkers : Xu Rufang and Proficient Knight Body Forging Technique

Lu Ming and Velo did not know that the Black Feather tribe would not come.
They would never come again…
More than ten days ago, the Mother Tree, accompanied by Simba, Lian Jie and Xu Rufang, passed through the territory of the Dragon Spirit.
With three Dragon Beasts amassed, they took away the Dragon Spirit in one fell swoop and eradicated all the local exotic beasts.
Then they continued forward, aiming for the Black Feather tribe’s stronghold: Black Feather Mountain!
And earlier today, the Mother Tree arrived outside New York’s gathering place.
From afar, the Mother Tree witnessed the dire scene within the New York gathering place.
They saw a large number of Black Feather tribe members flying in the sky, recklessly capturing New Yorkers.
Some were killed on the spot and transformed into blood essence energy.
Some women and children were captured, taken to the distant Black Feather Mountain for breeding.
Flames, screams.
The overwhelming strength brought absolute oppression.
However, the Mother Tree did not show much emotional fluctuation—it was not familiar with the New Yorkers.
It just looked at the Black Feather tribe members and let out excited shouts!
Food! More food!!”
Five Dragon Beasts roared and flew out.
It crushed towards the Black Feather tribe with an invincible force!
The eruption of catastrophe often occurred in an instant.
The moment the Mother Tree attacked, it seemed to have already announced the fate of the Black Feather tribe.
The five Dragon Beasts above the Physique Realm were truly too much for the
Black Feather tribe to handle. And with the Mother Tree’s characteristic of growing stronger in battle, it was not afraid of a protracted conflict!
The battle raged on for three consecutive days.
Day 53 of the Black Mist Calendar.
The two experts above the Physique Realm, Ayu and Apelo, flew frantically with the remaining tribe members towards a more distant location.
If they could not win, they had to flee!
Unlike the tribe members who were bewildered and lost, Ayu and Apelo’s eyes were filled not only with sorrow but also with despair and viciousness!
Originally, they thought they could rise with the help of this generation of tribulation transcenders to soar.
However, the monster found their home and their entire tribe was annihilated!
The idea of rising was gone. Now, their only option was to figure out how to continue their tribe’s bloodline.
For this, Apelo had an idea.
Looking back at the raging human-headed Dragon Beasts wreaking havoc in the Black Feather Mountain, Apelo gritted his teeth!
“Go east! To find my sworn brother!”
The Black Mist Zone was vast.
Many tribes were unaware that a new generation of Tribulation Transcenders had already arrived.
Now that things had developed to this point, it was impossible for Apelo to have the thought of monopolizing everything.
He could only use this information as leverage, pleading with even stronger beings to protect them and ensure the continuation of their bloodline.
The Black Feather tribe fled in panic and defeat.
The New Yorkers, on the other hand, had a chance to catch their breath.
Considering their weak strength, the Mother Tree was no longer interested in the energy contained within their flesh and blood.
So, after some back and forth, the Mother Tree forgot about them…
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree was temporarily rooted on Black Feather Mountain—how long this “temporary” would be depended on news from Lu Ming’s side.
For the New Yorkers, they seemed to have found spiritual sustenance.
The Mother Tree had become their totem and belief.
Day 54 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Following Anderson’s demise, the new leader of the New York gathering point ascended Black Feather Mountain, preparing to pay respects to the Mother Tree.
The Mother Tree did not receive them…
To the Mother Tree, these New Yorkers were inconsequential— Tribulation Transcenders? It was a Tribulation Transcender too…
Using them as reserve food was fine, but their strength was just too weak, barely enough to fill a gap in their teeth.
Instead, Simba suggested an idea.
“Why not give them to us as a reward? We can’t be of much help by your side, and we’re more comfortable being with these humans.”
The Mother Tree said gently, “That’s acceptable.”
Compared to staying by the Mother Tree’s side, it was naturally safer and more comfortable to stay with the New Yorkers. Even though Simba and Lianjie were zombies, wasn’t Xu Rufang still a living human?
Moreover, now that they were already in the Black Mist Zone, the distinction between living humans and the zombies was not so clear-cut.
In the name of the Mother Tree’s envoys, Simba, Lianjie and Xu Rufang arrived at New York’s gathering place.
That night.
Amidst Xu Rufang’s baffled expression, she became the new leader of the New York gathering place…
Far away in the distant skies of New York, they were destined to not capture Lu Ming and Velo’s attention.
The journey was simply too far, and there was no way to receive news.
Day 54 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming had a faint premonition.
The Black Feather tribe might not come again.
Of course, preparations were still necessary, but Lu Ming had let go. He maintained a calm attitude and stopped tormenting himself over this matter.
However, the smile on Velo’s face was about to disappear.
This was because the black rice had ripened.
The cultivation of other crops had also progressed.
This meant that he might not have any excuse to continue staying in the Nanxiang gathering place.
Day 56 of the Black Mist Calendar
Today was a momentous day for Lu Ming!
This was because his Knight’s Body Forging Technique was about to advance!
In the evening, after dinner, Lu Ming began the formal breakthrough!
As he progressed step by step with the Body Forging technique, Lu Ming soon felt a surge of heat in his body!
After completing a cycle of the Body Forging Technique, Lu Ming felt that his brain was filled with more insights about the Knight’s Body Forging Technique.
More refined movements, a deeper integration of Source Power with bodily cells, a more perfect alignment with the rhythm of breath.
About ten minutes later, Lu Ming opened his eyes and accessed his attribute panel!
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Worldly Realm, Level two.
Self-limitation State!
Strength: 10605.2
Physique: 10605.1
Agility: 10614.2
Free attribute points: 1463
Transcendent Ability: Body Self-Limitation
Skills: Omitted.
Basic Stance: (omitted).
Source Power Skill:
Basic Breathing Technique (mastery) (183/1,000).
Explosive Fist (Perfect) (yw/ioow).
Knight’s Body Forging Technique (Entry) (1/10000): A secret technique created by a certain knight to refine the body using mystery factors. This secret technique is simple, easy to learn, and applicable to both humans and beasts! Practicing diligently can gradually improve basic physical fitness!
You have mastered the initial stage of the Knight’s Body Forging Technique. In the proficient stage of the Knight’s Body Forging Technique, each cycle will increase all your three attributes by 5 points and provide 5 free attribute points!
The development was within Lu Ming’s expectations.
In the proficient stage of the Knight Body Tempering Art, every cycle increased 5 three-dimensional attributes and 5 free attributes!
Compared to the 2 points in the Mastery stage, it was 3 more points!
This meant that his strength was rapidly and steadily improving.
In any case, it was a joyous event!
Lu Ming was in high spirits and happy with his good results.
That night, Lu Ming practiced the Knight’s Body Forging Technique nine more times and went to sleep with a satisfied smile.
Another four days passed.
Day 60 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Early in the morning, after Lu Ming consumed exotic beast meat and black rice paired with a little cold-dressed bok choy at home, he left his house and arrived at the entrance of the Nanxiang gathering place.
At the entrance, Velo and Fala had backpacks on their shoulders and were bidding farewell to Huo Sheng and the others.
After a few days of interaction, both sides had built some trust, and overall, it had been quite pleasant.
However, now that the crops were ripe, Velo and Fala did not have a reason to stay here any longer.
Looking at the smiling faces of the people in front of him, Velo smiled, but he felt a bitter taste in his heart.
He really wanted to question the Black Feather tribe directly, “Where the hell did you all go?!”
After a brief farewell, Velo and Fala turned to leave.
They heard Lu Ming’s voice coming from behind.
“Merchant Sir, if you have any Source Power skills to sell, please come here! I’m buying them all!”
Velo stopped in his tracks as another idea rose in his heart.
“That’s right. It’s not like traveling merchants can only come here once.”
“Lu Ming needs Source Power skills. Wouldn’t it be fine if I brought some to him?”
With this thought in mind, Velo could not help but quicken his pace.
He was preparing to return to the tribe’s gathering place first..


CHAPTER-162
Chapter 162: The Latecomer, Yamamoto Yuichiro!

The gathering place of the Spirit Tribe was quite far from Bear Mountain.
It was located in the opposite direction from Black Feather Mountain, at a distance roughly twice as long as from Bear Mountain to Black Feather Mountain. Therefore, under normal circumstances, Velo and Lu Ming probably would not meet again anytime soon.
Well, under normal circumstances…
In an environment as dangerous as the Black Mist Zone, accidents that happened could hardly be considered accidental. The absence of accidents would be a rare event.
Four days later, it would be Day 64 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Velo and Fala, who were on their way, could not help but stop in their tracks.
Ahead of them, a Level 8 Mortal Realm exotic beast was feasting on a mutilated corpse.
Normally, a situation like this was quite common in the Black Mist Zone and would not arouse Velo’s reaction.
However, Velo still stopped and carefully sized up the exotic beast and the remnant corpse.
Soon, Velo frowned.
“It’s a human?”
“Fala, look. That corpse seems to be a human.”
Fala focused her gaze and quickly nodded, “Indeed.”
Despite the body being mangled by the exotic beast, the faint traces of the human appearance and physique were still discernible.
What was more crucial was that the clothing on the body matched the style of the attire worn by the humans in the Nanxiang gathering place.
After some thought, Velo took a step forward, emitting a simple show of aura that startled the beast, causing it to flee. After driving away the beast, Velo examined the body more carefully and confirmed, “Indeed, it’s a human, the new generation of Tribulation Transcenders.”
This location was a four-day journey from the Nanxiang gathering place, taking Fala’s (Level 9 Mortal Realm) walking pace as the reference!
This meant that the people from Nanxiang would definitely not come here.
Then the significance of this body became intriguing…
“There should be a new landing point nearby.”
“A new batch of Tribulation Transcenders will or have already arrived somewhere nearby…”
Just like New York and Nanxiang.
The people who had experienced the tribulation usually entered the Black Mist Zone by city.
New York was the first batch, Nanxiang was the second batch, and there would surely be the third, fourth, or even a hundredth batch!
This would continue until the Black Mist completely enveloped Lu Ming’s original world!
And the landing point for each batch was completely random.
Moreover, judging from the situation in New York and Nanxiang, the intervals between the arrivals of each batch were likely about a month.
It was already the 64th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Following this theory, the fourth batch of tribulation transcenders had already arrived at the Black Mist Zone.
Standing before the human corpse, Velo pondered for a long time.
After a moment, he shook his head gently, “Let’s continue and head back home.”
Fala asked curiously, “Aren’t we going to investigate?”
Velo shook his head, “No, compared to the other tribulation transcenders, I feel that the potential there is greater. I don’t really want to complicate things by branching out in different directions.”
“But we can note down the location here and take a look when we come back.
We can also inform them about what’s happening here, which could be seen as doing them a favor.”
As for the reaction of the people in Nanxiang upon receiving this information, that was not within Velo’s consideration.
Fala was obedient and listened to her grandfather’s words.
Since Velo decided not to delve deeper, Fala did not dwell on it either.
The grandfather and granddaughter passed by this place and continued toward the territory of the Spirit Tribe. However, they were unaware that at the place where the corpse was just now, a scarlet eyeball suddenly emerged from the trees, fixing its gaze eerily on their receding figures.
It was not until Velo and Fala had disappeared completely, then a commotion sounded nearby.
With the sound of footsteps, a figure walked over from afar and appeared near the corpse.
The person had an East Asian appearance, but was relatively short in stature only about 1.6 meters tall—and was dressed in casual clothes and sneakers. From his appearance and attire, this person was a standard Earthling.
The only peculiar thing was the back of this person’s head that was covered by his hair.
A gentle breeze ruffled the hair, vaguely revealing a blurry and ferocious face behind the man’s head…
Seeing that Velo and Fala had completely disappeared from sight, the man lifted the corner of his mouth slightly and spoke softly, “Tsk, I’m a step too late…”
The pronunciation was standard Japanese.
From within the nearby trees, another voice sounded, not in Japanese, but in the universal language of the Black Mist Zone, understandable by all intelligent beings.
“It’s not late. In fact, Yamamoto, you came just in time.”
Yamamoto frowned and looked at the nearby trees.
There, a distorted figure slowly stretched out from the trees.
This figure had a unique appearance.
It was shaped like a snake and was long, but it did not have a head. What replaced the head was a red eyeball.
It was impossible to describe what kind of creature this thing was.
In any case, it slowly crawled to the foot of Yamamoto Yuichiro and crawled up all the way to Yamamoto’s shoulder along the leg of his pants.
Its body was slightly wrapped around Yamamoto’s neck like a scarf. Yamamoto and the strange snake looked in the direction where Velo and Fala had left. After a long time, Yamamoto could not help but speak.
“I’m indeed a step too late. If 1 had arrived a little earlier, not only would I have been able to enjoy the spectacle of Akazawa’s miserable end and savor the taste of intelligent life forms within the Black Mist Zone!”
As if recalling something, Yamamoto stuck out his tongue and gently licked the corner of his mouth.
Sharp, non-human-like fangs appeared between his lips, and his dual pupils gradually turned a reddish hue.
He was not human.
He was a zombie!
Listening to Yamamoto Yuichiro’s words, the strange snake’s body twitched, and its voice emanated from the large eyeball.
“Yuichiro-san, you have quite the bloodlust. You’ve only evolved for a short time, and you’re already thinking of devouring a Level 3 Physique Realm expert.”
Yamamoto smiled sinisterly, “Is a Level 3 Physique Realm very strong? If I, Yamamoto Yuichiro, can’t even deal with a Level 3 Physique Realm fellow, it would be a waste of the resources our Undead Clan has invested in me.”
The strange snake emitted a weird laugh, “Yes, as a seedling favored by the Corpse God, it’s not strange for Yamamoto to be able to torture and kill a level three Physique Realm expert at your current stage… Forget it, let’s not talk about these small matters. Compared to the two Spirit Tribe individuals just now, 1 think Yamamoto should be more concerned about something.” Yamamoto Yuichiro asked curiously, “What is it?”
The strange snake replied, “I just heard the conversation between those two people. From what I gathered, there seems to be a gathering place for Tribulation Transcenders in the direction they came from.”
Yamamoto’s interest was immediately piqued!
“The Tribulation Survivors’ camp!? Is it the first batch of New Yorkers? Or the second batch of Nanxiang people? Or the third batch from Mist City?”
In any case, it could not be the fourth batch of people from Tokyo…
This was because the last living person in Tokyo had now become a corpse, lying at Yamamoto’s feet.
From then on, there were no more living people in Tokyo, only zombies!
The strange snake emitted a bizarre laughter, “I don’t know which batch of tribulation transcenders it is. In any case, would Yuichiro-san like to go and take a look?”
Hearing this, Yamamoto Yuichiro smiled strangely and licked the corner of his mouth, “I’m really itching to take a look…”


CHAPTER-163
Chapter 163: The Undead Clan!

In most literary works or film and television productions, zombies, also known as the undead, were usually depicted as a group of monsters only driven by their desire for flesh and blood.
They were disorganized and undisciplined, resembling humans in appearance but behaving more like bloodthirsty beasts.
Originally, Lu Ming thought that the zombies he had encountered in the apocalypse were also like this, but Sima Xiao had taught Lu Ming a valuable lesson.
Advanced-level zombies had different evolutionary paths, and in certain special paths of evolution, zombies could regain intelligence comparable to humans!
Yamamoto Yuichiro was such a zombie.
At Level 4, Yamamoto Yuichiro took the right evolutionary path and evolved into a glorious Devourer.
At that time, chaos reigned in Tokyo city, with various zombie king teams and human groups engaged in fierce battles.
In a certain battle, Yamamoto Yuichiro was ambushed and surrounded by a coalition of humans—there, the leader was Akasawa, the guy who was bitten to death by the exotic beast and was lying at the feet of Yamamoto Yuichiro.
In short, after a disastrous defeat, Yamamoto Yuichiro barely escaped death and ran into the Black Mist Zone…
He was lucky.
The landing point of Tokyo within the Black Mist Zone happened to be in the vicinity. Just as Yamamoto Yuichiro was about to become the exotic beasts’ prey, a special existence saved him and granted him a tremendous opportunity!
On the way to Nanxiang gathering place, Yamamoto Yuichiro recalled that incident again, and his eyes could not help but emit a red light.
“The Undead Clan…”
He could not help but mutter these words, and the snake on his neck repeated softly.
“Yes, the Undead Clan.”
“There’s also the Undead Spirit.”
“Yes, the Undead Spirit.”
Since Lu Ming and the others were called the new generation of Tribulation Transcenders, surely there were also old generation Tribulation Transcenders.
According to an ancient legend in the Black Mist Zone, all the intelligent species within it were past Tribulation Transcenders!
According to the records, the experiences of every generation of Tribulation Transcenders were quite similar—mystery factors invaded, violence fused with intelligent clans, strong individuals embarked on the path of evolution, and the weak turned into zombies.
This led to a consequence.
Every generation would produce a large number of zombies.
Their original clans were different.
However, after becoming zombies, they all consumed their own clan. In the end, they were all rejected by their own clan.
In the Black Mist Zone, there were many zombies, but some did not quite fit in.
Until a certain generation, a zombie completed the path to ascension and completely abandoned its own clan, ruling in the name of the Undead Spirit! From then on, the many but scattered zombies were completely integrated and became one of the most powerful clans in the Black Mist Zone—the Undead Clan!
At the mention of the Undead Clan, Yamamoto Yuichiro was filled with a sense of belonging.
This was because at that time, it was the powerful beings of the Undead Clan that saved him from danger.
It was also the experts of the Undead Clan who taught him the breathing techniques and provided him with blood food full of abundant energy, helping him embark on the right and perfect path of evolution.
It could be said that without the Undead Clan, he would not be where he was today.
What’s more, it was the Undead Clan that gave Yamamoto a lot but asked for very little in return.
No tasks, no commands, and they even sent a death-restraining zombie snake to be Yamamoto’s guardian.
“It’s not that we don’t have any requirements for you. There’s one requirement – we hope you grow stronger as quickly as possible.”
“After all, as a contemporary Tribulation Transcender, you inherently have the qualifications to ascend to the heavens. Moreover, your abilities are quite unique. The higher-ups value your potential very much.”
“In the future, you have an extremely small chance of fighting for the supreme position of this generation.”
“In short, you can do anything you want. You just have to remember that you’ll always be a part of the Undead Clan, that’s enough.”
The zombie snake murmured in Yamamoto’s ear like reciting a mantra, all the while guiding him – it seemed to know where Velo and Fala were coming from, pointing him to exactly the right direction.
As for Yamamoto, he nodded while swiftly maneuvering through the wilderness.
It took Velo and Fala four days to travel from Nanxiang to this location.
In contrast, Yamamoto was not in a hurry along the way. He even hunted several times but it only took him two days to arrive near Bear Mountain.
Day 66 of the Black Mist Calendar.
The Nanxiang gathering place was already faintly visible in Yamamoto’s eyes.
In the distance, the smoke rose from within the Nanxiang gathering place.
It was lunchtime.
The fragrance of black rice and roasted meat filled the gathering place.
Yamamoto then looked at the surroundings of the gathering place.
He could see large patches of farmland undulating in the breeze.
Waves of black wheat rolled, creating a tranquil and peaceful countryside scene.
The death-restraining zombie snake on his neck looked briefly with its extraordinary vision and said, “They’re yellow-skinned people, just like you.” “But slightly taller than you.”
Therefore, Yamamoto understood who these people were.
“It’s the second batch of Nanxiang people…”
After muttering to himself, Yamamoto’s face suddenly revealed a ferocious expression.
“Good! Very good! It can’t be any better!”
It was unknown what had brainwashed Yamamoto.
But from the looks of it, he seemed to hold a deep-seated resentment towards the people of Nanxiang.
As he spoke, Yamamoto strode towards the Nanxiang gathering place.
The death-restraining zombie snake on his neck asked, “What are you going to do?”
“What am I going to do? Charge straight in! Kill the men and keep the women for fun! That’s the plan!”
Yamamoto’s face contorted as he said this.
Yamamoto did not think that the Nanxiang gathering place could pose any threat to him.
This was because his strength was beyond their league!
He had arrived in the Black Mist Zone over two months ago and had received the attention and nurturing of the Undead Clan almost immediately.
During this period of time, Yamamoto had been enjoying the resources and cultivation of the Undead Clan within the Black Mist Zone. His rapid growth was self-evident!
The Undead Clan was one of the top three major clans in the Black Mist Zone, and might even be the strongest!
There were countless experts among them, and some were even god-like beings! Under the guidance of these powerful figures, Yamamoto’s evolutionary path progressed unbelievably smoothly.
Did other humans have such resources?
Therefore, though the people of Nanxiang were his predecessors, Yamamoto did not think they had the capability to resist him.
Worldly Realm?
They were definitely only Mortal Realm Awakened.
Physique Realm?
This was clearly impossible because the only path for humans to break through to the Mortal Realm was the Body Forging Technique. Moreover, cultivating the Body Forging Technique required too much time, and dozens of days were simply not enough.
In comparison, the path of evolution for the Undead Clan was simpler.
“Therefore, our Undead Clan is the favored one of Source Power!”
“Today, I’ll give you Chinese humans a little taste of the Tokyo Ghoul shock!”
In the next second, a terrifying and piercing roar resounded outside the Nanxiang gathering place.
Suddenly, the figure of Yamamoto Yuichiro underwent a rapid transformation!


CHAPTER-164
Chapter 164: Lu Ming’s Severed Arm

Originally, Yamamoto Yuichiro was only 1.6 meters tall, but with his furious roar, his body began to expand rapidly!
Until he reached a height of three meters!
Numerous fleshy tumors protruded from all over his body, resembling muscles, but they looked even more grotesque and disgusting than normal muscles.
His clothes quickly shredded, revealing black veins protruding from under the skin, resembling worms wriggling within his body.
Sharp nails as sharp as knives rapidly grew on his hands.
But the most shocking transformation occurred above Yamamoto’s neck!
Yamamoto’s head also enlarged, and his facial features became ferocious and terrifying.
At the same time, beside his original head, a decaying human head quietly sprouted, lying silently next to Yamamoto’s main head.
Zombies took on various forms, most of them twisted and deformed.
The Level 4 Worldly Realm Devourers still retained a somewhat human appearance, but as the Devourers devoured different genes, their genes also became chaotic and disorderly.
For example, in the past, Devourers like Gris, who specialized in devouring special genes, could still maintain their human form. However, most Tier 5 Mortal Realm zombies, even as Devourers, would transform into monstrous hybrids that were neither fully human nor completely zombie.
Yamamoto was such a zombie.
However, the Undead Clan had a long heritage and had developed unique source power skills to maintain the original appearance of high-tier zombies.
This actually meant that Yamamoto’s current appearance was his normal form; the humanoid form he had previously displayed was merely a disguise.
Having returned to his original form, Yamamoto gazed into the distance.
He could see that his appearance had caused chaos within the distant Nanxiang gathering place.
The chaos made Yamamoto happy and excited, making Yamamoto even more psychotic!
“Enjoy everything that’s coming…”
He muttered, preparing to savor this hunting experience.
He paced forward, gradually approaching the Nanxiang gathering place.
He did not walk quickly, as if he wanted the fear he brought to brew and ferment until it became the sweetest wine.
However, suddenly, a voice rang out from the sky.
Yamamoto raised his head abruptly, witnessing a scene that left him dumbfounded.
In the distance.
Not long after Yamamoto completed his transformation, a figure treaded through the air, swiftly flying out from the Nanxiang gathering place.
It was Lu Ming.
Accompanied by a series of sonic booms, Lu Ming was getting closer and closer to Yamamoto.
As the distance closed, Lu Ming could easily see Yamamoto’s appearance and the horrifying aura emanating from Yamamoto’s entire body.
“It’s a little stronger than the Birdman… but still limited…”
So, the strength of the monster in front of him was probably between Level 2 and Level 3 of the Physique Realm. In terms of attributes, that would translate to 20,000 to 40,000.
This was formidable.
Currently, in his Self-Limitation state, Lu Ming’s attributes were:
Strength: 12132.2
Physique: 12132.1
Agility: 12141.2
Free Attribute Points: 2508
The strength displayed by the monster fell somewhere between Lu Ming’s normal state and his explosive state.
In midair, Lu Ming contemplated briefly before making a decision.
“Better to finish this off quickly.”
There was no need to engage in an extended battle with a monster weaker than himself. After all, what Lu Ming had always pursued was the ultimate domination!
In the next second, a lot of heat was flowing out of every pore in Lu Ming’s body, enveloping him in a misty haze.
Simultaneously, his body size instantly increased. By the time Lu Ming touched down in front of Yamamoto, he had transformed into a twelve-meter tall giant with four eyes and six arms!
The Desperate State, activated!
Yamamoto,”???”
Death-Restraining Zombie Snake,”???”
When Lu Ming came to the front of Yamamoto, these two zombies still had not recovered.
Regardless of their strength or lack thereof, just the sight of Lu Ming’s gigantic form in the Desperate State was enough to be intimidating.
Yamamoto frowned and was about to speak when he saw that Lu Ming had already raised his fist.
He instantly threw a heavy punch, and the power of the perfect level Explosive Fist surged directly into Yamamoto’s body!
After all…
Lu Ming had no need to engage in casual conversation with a monster significantly weaker than himself.
His time was truly precious.
This time, the Explosive Fist Lu Ming used did not carry much force.
Yet, precisely because of that, the terror of this attack was even more pronounced!
The force of his punch was completely channeled into Yamamoto Yuichiro’s body. Then, the devastating punch force erupted within Yamamoto’s body!
“Splurt, splurt.”
A series of explosive sounds erupted from Yamamoto’s body, accompanied by intense pain and the premonition of death. This sudden pain even momentarily restored Yamamoto’s consciousness.
“I’m going to die…”
“No, I’m already dead.”
The punch force kept erupting endlessly. The punching would not stop until Yamamoto was finished off!
Yamamoto was acutely aware of his fate.
Yet, at this moment, Yamamoto did not feel the fear of impending death.
He was just wondering why there was such a freak in Nanxiang, and he launched his final counterattack against Lu Ming!
Zombies were brutal, and Yamamoto had his own bloodlust!
The decaying human head on his shoulder instantly opened its eyes, and a black light shot out from its eye sockets, striking Lu Ming’s right arm at the speed of light!
It was like a hot knife cutting through butter.
Yamamoto’s black Death Ray was the hot knife, and Lu Ming’s body, honed to perfection, had become the butter at this moment.
Blood instantly splattered. Lu Ming’s right arm was severed at the shoulder.
But an even more astonishing phenomenon occurred.
Just as Lu Ming’s arm left his shoulder, countless flesh buds sprouted at the wound site. These flesh buds were like tiny hands that instantly caught Lu Ming’s falling arm.
Following that, these buds tugged upwards, reattaching Lu Ming’s severed arm…
“What a shame,”
Yamamoto uttered these words.
Unfortunately, because of the eruption of the fist force in its body, its Death Ray had missed its target—it was originally aimed at Lu Ming’s head.
“Damn!”
Lu Ming suddenly cursed.
Fortunately, the shot had missed. If it had hit a vital spot, Lu Ming didn’t dare imagine the consequences!
His left fist punched out again, directly shattering both of Yamamoto’s heads.
This time, Yamamoto had no chance to retaliate; he simply fell to the ground and died on the spot.
“I underestimated the enemy…”
After landing a couple more punches on Yamamoto, Lu Ming mumbled.
Recalling the short battle just now carefully, Lu Ming shook his head again. “It can’t be considered underestimating the enemy. This monster’s strength isn’t very formidable, at least much weaker than me in my Desperate State.”
“Only that light is really lethal. 1 really can’t block it.”
That light was too fast and sharp, impossible to dodge, and impossible to defend against! If Lu Ming hadn’t acted quickly and infused his punch force into Yamamoto’s body, the consequences of this battle might not have been good.
Fear slowly arose in his heart. Lu Ming could not help but sigh. “This monster taught me a lesson today.”
Lu Ming had always adhered to this concept.
If you can avoid a fight, then avoid it.
This was because no one could be sure what trump card the opponent had and what harm this trump card could bring…
At this moment, Lu Ming kept reflecting and summarizing.
Out of the corner of his eye, he vaguely noticed that the elongated creature with a head resembling an eye twitched twice.
Immediately after, a large amount of smoke and dust rose from its body.
It emitted smoke and slowly vaporized before disappearing without a trace.
This made Lu Ming scratch his head.
Until this moment, a question arose in Lu Ming’s mind.
“What are these two monsters, exactly?”


CHAPTER-165
Chapter 165: The Storm Approaches

Danger was everywhere within the Black Mist Zone, causing constant anxiety.
However, dangers differed from one another.
In the midst of the Black Mist Zone, there were countless recognized danger zones, forbidden territories—areas that the vast majority of sentient beings would absolutely avoid setting foot in.
The territory of the Undead Clan was one such forbidden place within the Black Mist Zone.
The Undead Clan was a large clan.
With a considerable number of members, they were spread throughout the Black Mist Zone.
Apart from the well-known Corpse Spirit domain where the Corpse Spirit lived, there were also many numerous scattered gathering places of the Undead Clan in the Black Mist Zone.
One of them was the Blood Flame Sect.
It was located not far from Bear Mountain, about a fifteen-day journey away.
The entire Blood Flame Sect was constructed in a swampy area, with towering walls and eerie, terrifying architecture.
The interior was immensely spacious, and the most conspicuous feature was the blood pool within Blood Flame City.
The blood pool had a diameter of nearly a kilometer, resembling a small lake, surrounded by various buildings of distinct styles. Only individuals with high status or exceptional strength within the Blood Flame Sect had the privilege to reside in the buildings near the blood pool.
Just a second after Lu Ming killed Yamamoto Yuichiro.
A peculiar sound echoed from within a small building near the blood pool.
His gaze entered the small building and arrived at the master bedroom on the second floor.
There, one more dead snake wriggled its body, soon evaporating into thin air.
Yet sporadic rays of light emerged from the spot where the snake had evaporated.
These rays of light tugged at the blood in the pool, flowing slowly through the gaps in the floor into the room.
Under the influence of an unknown power, the blood began to writhe rapidly, reorganizing itself. Approximately three minutes later, the naked Yamamoto appeared on the room’s floor.
He abruptly opened his eyes, gasping for air heavily.
Scenes of his impending death rushed into Yamamoto’s mind.
Recalling the chain explosions within his body, Yamamoto screamed and felt a faint pain in his body—but of course, it was merely an illusion…
However, reminiscing about the sensation of death made Yamamoto feel uneasy all over.
About half an hour later, he finally managed to stand up with some effort.
After a quick shower and a change of clothes, Yamamoto left his house and made his way to the grandest and tallest building nearby.
Standing at the entrance, Yamamoto spoke humbly,
“Yamamoto Yuichiro, seeking an audience with the Minister.”
The Minister was the leader of the Blood Flame Sect, the supreme leader.
Not long after he spoke, the door in front of him creaked and opened wide for Yamamoto.
He entered the manor-like building.
The interior held few items, with a simple and rustic overall style.
No, it would not be entirely accurate to call it rustic; it was more like old and abandoned for decades.
Dust had accumulated on the ground, and stepping on it felt soft and uncomfortable.
As Yamamoto ventured further, more red came into view.
Bloodstains were everywhere, indistinct and blurry.
In the corner of the building hung what looked like cobwebs but resembled large, bloody intestines.
The dust underfoot vanished, replaced by slick, not-yet-dried bloodstains and a nauseating scent of blood.
Finally, in front of a crystal ball, Yamamoto halted his steps.
He respectfully bowed to the crystal ball and softly said, “Minister.”
“Um.” A low voice emanated from the crystal ball.
Red light oozed from the interior of the crystal ball, quickly condensing into a blood-red eyeball.
The eyeball gazed at Yamamoto, and the Minister’s voice sounded again, “What news do you bring?”
Yamamoto said, “I’ve located the gathering place of the Nanxiang people.”
“And there, I encountered an Awakened individual even more powerful than me.”
The Minister’s voice fell silent within the crystal ball. Soon, it spoke again, “That’s interesting… Hmm, summon Terashima Asaichi, Yamanaka Hitomi, and Hachima An.”
Yamamoto took a deep breath, nodded, and turned to leave.
Terashima Asaichi, Yamanaka Hitomi, Hachima An, were like Yamamoto Yuichiro, all were Tokyo Ghouls… no, Tokyo Revenants.
Originally, when the black mist had not completely enveloped Tokyo, humans and Tokyo Revenants were in a state of almost equal strength.
However, there was Yamamoto Yuichiro in Tokyo.
It was one step ahead into the black mist zone, forming an alliance with the Undead Clan of the Blood Flame Sect. Six days ago, when Tokyo was completely engulfed by the black mist, it laid an ambush and launched a genocidal attack on the humans of Tokyo.
The outcome of this battle need not be reiterated. Afterward, the Blood Flame Sect, under the banner of the Undead Clan, extensively recruited Tokyo Revenants, wiping them out and integrating them into their own tribe.
There were quite a few talented individuals among Tokyo Revenants.
Yamamoto Yuichiro was one such example. His Destructive Death Ray was invincible, capable of annihilating everything, and he could even instantly kill beings four or five levels stronger than himself.
Terashima Asaichi, Yamanaka Hitomi, and Hachima An also possessed their own unique talents.
In short, the Minister of the Blood Flame Sect had already reported the information of these four individuals to the higher echelons of the Undead Clan. The higher-ups had designated these four as the promising successors of their generation, temporarily entrusted to the Blood Flame Sect for nurturing.
Soon, Yamamoto Yuichiro arrived with the other three Revenants at the Minister’s residence.
The four of them stood before the crystal ball, all still looking like humans.
Before long, the Minister’s voice echoed from the crystal ball again.
“Yamamoto, recount your experiences.”
Yamamoto nodded and proceeded to recount his tale.
Ten minutes later, when Yamamoto finished speaking, Terashima Asaichi immediately said, “Such an interesting person from the South District. I should pay them a visit.” He was tall and robust, with his hair dyed blond, and his temperament seemed very irritable and impulsive.
Yamanaka Hitomi rolled her eyes—this was a very attractive young woman.
“Even Brother Yamamoto isn’t his match, and you, Terashima Asaichi, are even worse.”
Terashima Asaichi glared, but before he could say anything, Hachima An, with a middle-aged appearance, said, “We should follow the Minister’s orders.”
Hachima An seemed to carry considerable authority. After it had spoken, Yamamoto Yuichiro and the other two fell silent.
It was only at this moment that the Minister said softly, “The human Yamamoto mentioned is a threat. We must eliminate him!”
Because there could only be one victor on the path to ascending the heavens!
This meant that every time they used an external trick to kill an expert among the tribulation transcenders, Yamamoto and the others would have one less competitor!
Then, the minister changed the topic, saying, “But not right now.”
This was because at this very moment, all the experts of the Blood Flame Sect had all been mobilized to support the Chaoshan Sect. The Blood Flame Sect currently only had experts capable of self-preservation remaining, lacking those who could embark on expeditions.
The eyes in the crystal ball looked at the four Revenants present.
The Minister’s voice sounded again, “Furthermore, I strictly forbid you to cause trouble for that human without permission.”
Because he was afraid that an accident would happen.
It was also because the Ring of Corpse Snakes was very precious and there were not many of them.
One after another, the four nodded in agreement.
With that statement, the atmosphere at the scene relaxed a lot.
Perhaps attaching great importance to these promising successors, the Minister’s tone became gentle as they discussed other matters.
“The Chaoshan Tribe is having a close relationship with the Insect Clan over there. It’s said that more than 30 days ago, a large number of new generation tribulation transcenders descended over there. This further intensified the conflict between us and the Insect Clan”
Yamamoto and the others looked at each other. Hachima An spoke softly, “It’s those people from Mist City.”
The minister mused, “It seems so…”
“Among them, there are many Undead Clan and a few potential seedlings. I wonder how their potential is compared to yours.”
The four of them said in unison, “We won’t let the Minister down!”
The minister laughed, “After I help our fellow clansmen in the Chaoshan Sect secure this batch of tribulation transcender, I’ll take you to meet those Nanxiang people.”
“But then again, according to you, there should be four batches of Tribulation Transcenders descending in the black fog area now.”
“The Tribulation Transcenders from Nanxiang have been located, as have those from Mist City and Tokyo. However, we’re still in the dark about the
whereabouts of those Tribulation Transcenders from New York.”
The arrival of each new generation of Tribulation Transcenders was a significant event for all the clans within the Black Mist Zone!
The Undead Clan, being a major clan within the Black Mist Zone, naturally harbored ambitions. They wanted to eliminate all the Tribulation Transcenders and seize the most splendid gem on the crown.
Now, the location of three groups of people had been determined, but the Undead Clan had no clue about the first group’s whereabouts.
In the direction of the New York gathering place.
After several days of travel, Apelo also arrived at her destination..


CHAPTER-166
Chapter 166: The Storm Approaches (2)

The scattered members of the Black Feather Tribe descended onto a huge city.
Their panicked and disheveled appearance formed a stark contrast against the giants walking around the city and the towering buildings.
As soon as they landed, the guards of the Giant Clan came over. Before the guards could speak, Apelo spoke with a solemn tone.
“I was once an adventurer alongside Prince Lie’s adventure team. My name is Apelo. Bring me to Prince Lie!”
Prince Lie was one of the overlords of this city.
Upon hearing the name Prince Lie, the guards did not dare to be neglectful. The message was relayed through various channels, and soon, Apollon’s group was escorted to a grand and towering palace.
The Giant Clan, being one of the major clans in the Black Mist Zone, was powerful and affluent. The decorations within the palace were incredibly luxurious, dazzling the Black Feather Tribe refugees.
However, Apelo and Ayu’s expressions were serious.
Upon reaching the deepest part of the palace and seeing the five-meter-tall giant seated on the throne with his upper body exposed, Apelo cried out on the spot!
“Big Brother! Big Brother! You have to uphold justice for me!”
The Giant Clan held a formidable reputation within the Black Mist Zone.
They were only slightly inferior to the Undead Clan and the Insect Clan, the top-tier powerful clans.
Beyond their strength, their generosity and loyalty were widely praised.
Looking at Apelo’s distressed appearance, Hao Lie’s heart ignited with nameless anger.
He suddenly slapped the armrest of the chair, startling the group of Black Feather Tribesmen present.
“Who! Who dares to bully my brother?!”
Hao Lie and Apollon had traveled together for ten years in their youth, developing a deep bond. Combined with the Giant Clan’s generous nature, Hao Lie’s excited outburst was understandable.
Apelo began to cry and sob, “It’s a monster, a new generation tribulation transcender…”
As soon as he finished speaking, Hao Lie frowned.
“A Tribulation Transcender!?”
“Yes!”
And just like that, the matter was no longer about their personal connection…
After a moment of contemplation, Hao Lei’s hearty demeanor faded, and he said in a deep voice, “I need to discuss this matter with my father.”
The journey was unceasing.
Seven days later, which marked the 73rd day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Velo and Fala were still a considerable distance from the clan’s gathering place.
The journey had been relatively uneventful.
That night, the two of them found a tree hollow to rest temporarily. In the middle of the night, Velo, who was sleeping soundly, suddenly opened his eyes.
He swiftly got up from the grass bed and took a deep breath to clear his mind. He then took out a round pebble-like object resembling a goose egg from his pocket.
At this moment, this object was emitting a soft light.
Beside him, Fala also woke up groggily. When she saw the glowing egg-shaped object, she mumbled sleepily.
“There’s news from the clan?”
Velo replied, “Yeah.”
The thing in Velo’s hand was a communication stone, a precious item that allowed long-distance communication.
As one of the experts of the Spirit Clan, owning such an item wasn’t uncommon for Velo. At this late hour, the communication stone flickered to life. There must have been urgent news from the clan.
After injecting Source Power into the communication stone, the communication link was established. The first sentence that came through the stone left Vero stunned.
“There’s a crisis within the clan! Devastation is imminent! All clan members gather at the Spirit Realm Mountain!”
The Spirit Realm Mountain was not far from Velo’s current location.
Upon hearing news of the impending disaster, Velo and Fala obviously had no intention of continuing their sleep.
After briefly packing up, the two immediately set off. Three days later, they arrived at the Spirit Realm Mountain.
Inside a concealed cave within the Spirit Realm Mountain, Velo found the secure gathering point the clan had prepared.
He and Fala waited there for another five days.
Day 81 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Hundreds of Spirit Clan members carrying backpacks as if escaping from a calamity, arrived at the location in a sorry state.
Leading the way was the contemporary clan leader of the Spirit Clan, Kasim.
Kasim was slightly younger than Velo, but displayed an air of aged wisdom.
His strength was also slightly stronger than Velo’s, reaching Level 5 of the Physique Realm and was the strongest person in the current Spirit Clan.
At the secure meeting point, Velo learned the cause of the catastrophe from Kasim.
“A group of tribulation transcenders appeared near our gathering place, triggering a large-scale battle between the Undead Clan’s Chousen Sect and the Insect Clan.”
Given the Spirit Clan’s strength, they would not dare to get involved. Although they also wanted to use this opportunity to improve their clan’s standing within the Black Mist Zone, they could do little more than secretly bet or attempt to foster goodwill, much like Velo had done.
Anything more than that, they would not dare to do it.
However, there were some things that one could not avoid just because one did not do it.
The battle between the Chousen Sect and the Insect Clan had left carnage in its wake. Both the Undead Clan and the Insect Clan were ruthless, showing no concern for collateral damage.
In a battle a few days prior, the Spirit Clan had been unlucky enough to be drawn into the conflict between the two factions, as the battle unfolded not far from their gathering place…
This was the origin of the Spirit Clan’s impending downfall…
It was a bit comical and somewhat tragic when you thought about it.
This was the plight of the weak within the Black Mist Zone—subject to being swept away by some unexpected occurrence, potentially taking individuals or entire groups with it.
Understanding the cause and effect, Velo sighed deeply.
“So, there are only so few of us left?”
Kasim nodded, “Ninety-seven. Including you and Fala, ninety-nine people left, the entire surviving Spirit Clan.”
Velo pondered for a long time and asked, “Then what should we do next?”
Kasim’s eyes immediately welled up with tears.
His lips trembled for a moment before he looked up to the sky and sighed, “I don’t know either…”
Kasim truly did not know what path the clan should take in the future.
99 individuals, the entirety of the clan! But this population was simply too small.
Rebuilding would likely take several generations, and the harsh environment within the Black Mist Zone would not grant the Spirit Clan so much time for development.
In other words, the future of the Spirit Clan was bleak..
Surviving in some hidden, impoverished, and harsh corner, persisting.
Until one day, a passing powerful being or a mighty beast stumbled upon them… and then extinguished the last trace of Spirit Clan bloodline.
The future was dim.
The ending was likely to be tragic.
For a moment, Velo felt a wave of sorrow… but after careful consideration, he made a decision.
“Let’s seek refuge with another clan.”
Kasim shook his head pessimistically, “No one will shelter us.”
This was because the Spirit Clan had not established positive relations with other clans.
Even if they managed to seek refuge, the future for Spirit Clan members would likely be that of servitude, never to rise again.
However, Velo said, “No, there’s someone who can protect us.”
“Who?”
“The Tribulation Transcenders of this generation…”
Kasim was slightly stunned. Just as he was about to shake his head and say, ‘They’re really not strong enough,’ he heard Velo continue, “By the way, have you brought the Source Power Skills of the clan with you?”
Kasim said, “Yes, I have them.”
This was the foundation of the clan, something Kasim would not dare lose.
Velo heaved a sigh of relief, “That’s good. In that case, we’ll set off tomorrow morning immediately and head to Bear Mountain.”
“When we arrive, don’t say anything. Follow my instructions in everything..”


CHAPTER-167
Chapter 167: The Movement of the Giant sand the Arrival of the Spirit Clan

Day 82 of the Black Mist Calendar.
The 99 Spirit Clan members immediately set off for Bear Mountain.
Meanwhile, on the other side, Hao Lie had assembled an army under the lead of Apelo, preparing to journey to the Black Feather Mountain.
The emergence of a new generation of tribulation transcenders was a significant event for all clans within the Black Mist Zone.
More than ten days ago, after Apelo told Hao Lie about the appearance of the tribulation transcenders, Hao Lie immediately relayed the message to the Royal Court. At the same time, he began making preparations for war in his own territory.
Today, news arrived from the Royal Court.
The content was as Hao Lie had expected—the Giant Clan officially declared their involvement.
And Hao Lie was the vanguard of the Giant Clan.
At this moment, Hao Lie donned his armor, mounted an exotic beast resembling a tiger or bear, and stood at the very front of the formation. Behind him, tens of thousands of Giant warriors stood in neat rows, an imposing military display!
He waved his hand and the entire army set out!
Beside him, Apelo’s eyes flickered with a cold light, driven by a desire for vengeance. He said softly, “Big Brother, that monster is extremely formidable. We need to be cautious.”
Hao Lie, however, simply waved his hand nonchalantly.
“Brother, just wait and see. I’ll avenge you and it’ll be over!”
Hao Lie had long learned the characteristics of the Mother Tree from Apelo.
It was indeed difficult to deal with.
However, Hao Lie was well aware of the strength of his own clan. How could a mere creature contend with the likes of the Giant Clan, a top-tier great clan?
Was tens of thousands of Giant warriors sufficient?
Insufficient?
There were more to come!
With this confidence, the army led by Hao Lie marched towards the Black Feather Mountain, where the Blood Flesh Mother Tree and the New Yorkers were located.
Half a month later, on the 95th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Hao Lie’s army was closing in on the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
Meanwhile, the Spirit Clan, including Velo, arrived outside the Nanxiang gathering place.
From afar, one could see smoke rising from the chimneys of the Nanxiang gathering place and people bustling to and fro. And the black rice fields beyond the city walls stretched as far as the eye could see, tranquil and harmonious.
Compared to when Velo last left, the Nanxiang gathering place had developed even further and become even better.
The Black Mist Zone was indeed fraught with danger.
However, no matter how perilous, it shouldn’t be so relentless as to allow no breathing room between successive waves.
It had been a month since Velo’s last departure. From the current situation, it seemed that nothing significant had occurred in Nanxiang during this period of time.
When Velo brought his clansmen to the entrance of Nanxiang gathering place, an alarm bell sounded in the gathering place.
Soon, Velo spotted Huo Sheng and Bai Tianyu.
He took a step forward and smiled at the two of them, “Hello, I’m here again.”
Huo Sheng had a good impression of Velo.
If it was just Velo and Fala coming again, Huo Sheng would welcome them with both hands.
However, now, when he saw the Spirit Clansmen behind Velo who looked similar to him, Huo Sheng could not help but frown.
99 Spirit Clansmen.
Not a large number of people.
But the implications were completely unrelated to the numbers.
After pondering for a moment, Huo Sheng maintained a calm exterior, welcoming Velo with a courteous tone, “Mr. Velo, may I inquire about the purpose of your visit this time?”
His tone was gentle, but the rejection was evident.
This made Kasim sigh imperceptibly.
Putting aside whether these new generation tribulation transcenders could protect the Spirit Clan, just based on their guardedness, Kasim felt that today’s matter was not easy to negotiate.
Velo, however, paid no heed to this.
He simply smiled and said, “Awhile ago, Mr. Lu mentioned that he wanted me to find some Source Power Skills for him. So, here I am, bringing them.”
As he spoke, he took out a pouch, opened it and vaguely saw dozens of Source Power Skill Sealing Balls in his pocket.
This made Huo Sheng hesitate for a moment.
Before Huo Sheng could say anything else, Velo continued, “I wonder if we can discuss this indoors?”
With that said, he hurriedly pointed at himself, “I’ll go in alone.”
Seeing this, Huo Sheng pondered for a moment and nodded, giving a subtle look to Bai Tianyu.
The meaning was obvious.
Go find Brother Lu.
Regardless of whether the intentions of these Spirit Clan people were good or bad, Huo Sheng would only be at ease with Brother Lu holding the fort.
It was the same room as last time.
In the room, Velo opened the pouch, taking out the Source Power Skill sealing balls one by one while introducing them to Lu Ming.
“This is a Source Energy Armor, capable of transforming into armor during battle to enhance one’s defense.”
“This is the Weapon Transformation Technique. It can transform source power into various types of weapons and equipment.”
“This is the Gale Blade.”
“This is the Spirit Meridian Breathing Technique, which is more effective than the Basic Breathing Technique.”
Despite their current decline, the Spirit Clan had once been glorious. Even though they were now struggling, they still retained their foundation.
They were not lacking in low-level Source Power Skills.
However, Lu Ming was lacking in these…
Many of the Source Power Skills made Lu Ming’s eyes light up.
There was no harm in having more skills.
One Source Power Skill might be equivalent to thousands of basic attributes for Lu Ming.
When Velo finished speaking, Lu Ming’s eyes were practically gleaming like light bulbs.
Turning to look at Huo Sheng, Lu Ming saw Huo Sheng nod slightly, “We’ll take these.”
After saying that, Huo Sheng looked at Velo with a burning gaze, “I wonder what Mr. Velo and your clansmen hope to gain from us.”
Huo Sheng was not easily fooled.
Velo’s actions today clearly indicated that he was not just here to sell goods.
With Hoseong openly asking, Velo briefly contemplated and decided to tell the truth.
He simply stood up and bowed deeply to Lu Ming and Huo Sheng.
“I hope that my fellow clansmen and 1 can find refuge here.”
This left Huo Sheng speechless.
“What virtue or ability do we possess?”
Velo merely looked at Lu Ming.
The meaning was already quite evident.
You guys really can’t do it.
However, Brother Lu was capable…
This made Huo Sheng sigh again, “Mr. Velo, it’s not that I’m unwilling, but I’m genuinely afraid. The karmic consequences for you all are too significant. I can’t shoulder it here.”
Who were the enemies of the Spirit Clan?
Who would find trouble with the Spirit Clan?
Huo Sheng had no idea.
Taking on this karmic burden recklessly could easily bring catastrophic disaster to Nanxiang. From Huo Sheng’s perspective, he would rather not have these freely offered Source Power Skills than have any association with the Spirit Clan.
Lu Ming was not foolish either.
He understood the reasoning well.
Although he was quite envious of the Source Power Skills in Velo’s hand, after some thought, Lu Ming agreed with Huo Sheng’s decision.
However, Velo remained composed.
He continued with a soft voice, “Firstly, we have no enemies, and no one would come to find trouble with us Spirit Clan people.”
“Secondly, what we need is a relatively safe territory nearby. If any outsiders really come to find trouble with us, you are free to sell us out without any resentment from us.”
“”Lastly, I think you all may not be fully aware of your own identities. If we talk about karma, the karmic consequences for all of you are much greater than those of our Spirit Clan!”
Velo’s last words left Huo Sheng in silence.
After a long time, Huo Sheng spoke solemnly,
“Please explain further, Mr. Velo..”


CHAPTER-168
Chapter 168: Tribulation Expert and Heaven Ascension Stairs!

In fact, ever since the incident with the Black Feather Tribe’s attack, Huo Sheng had already sensed that something was amiss.
It took the Black Feather Tribe, led by Amang, a full 20 days to travel from New York to Nanxiang.
From their conversation, Huo Sheng overheard phrases like “killing the males, capturing the females.”
Traveling such a long distance and capturing live captives…
Why was he making such a great fanfare?
The specifics eluded Huo Sheng, but he knew there had to be a reason.
During Velo’s previous visit, Huo Sheong had even discreetly inquired about it, but Velo had been tight-lipped.
However, Huo Sheng could glean from subtle cues that Velo definitely knew something and that his group was unique within the Black Mist Zone.
Upon hearing Huo Sheng’s question, Velo thought for a moment and said,
“This is going to be a long story.”
As he spoke, he sat down, looking at Lu Ming and Huo Sheng. After some thought, Velo did not use this as a bargaining chip but instead proceeded to explain directly.
“Before 1 talk about your identities, 1 need to start with the origin of the Black
Mist Zone.”
Lu Ming and Huo Sheng could not help but prick up their ears.
The history of the Spirit Clan was ancient, once being one of the top clans within the Black Mist Zone.
Regarding certain secrets within the Black Mist Zone, the Spirit Clan was not necessarily less knowledgeable than clans like the Undead Clan or the Insect Clan—just that they had faded in prominence.
“According to the records of our ancestors, the Black Mist Zone was created by the Supreme Divine Being.”
“The purpose behind creating this special space was either to please the
Supreme Divine Being or to serve as a test. It’s a selection.”
“It could also be understood as the playground or proving ground of the
Supreme Divine Being, where they select allies or candidates!”
With Veto’s words, Lu Ming and Huo Sheng exchanged glances.
Although Velo’s explanation was somewhat unbelievable, it did align with Huo Sheng’s previous theory about a puppet master behind the scenes.
Before Huo Sheng and Lu Ming could speak again, Velo continued.
“With this as the main premise, let’s talk about the Tribulation Transcenders next.”
“Tribulation Transcenders? Are you referring to us?” Huo Sheng asked, only to see Velo shake his head, “Not just you, us as well…”
When the Black Mist Zone first appeared, there were no intelligent races within it.
What existed here were only mutated beasts everywhere. At that time, they were the overlords of the Black Mist Zone!
“However, after the Holy Tower appeared, everything changed.”
It was unknown which world it was, but it was the first world chosen by the supreme god.
Everything that happened at the beginning was similar to what Lu Ming and the other humans had experienced.
“In the center of a city or gathering place, the Holy Tower rose from the ground. It released source power, turning the old and weak into zombies. The outside was covered by the black mist. Stepping into the mist brought one into the Black Mist Zone.”
Then, the black mist kept shrinking, squeezing the space inside until it pulled all the intelligent lifeforms into the Black Mist Zone.
“This was the experience of the first generation of tribulation transcenders and all the subsequent tribulation transcenders.”
“There’s a saying in the Black Mist Zone that all the races currently in the Black
Mist Zone are either tribulation transcenders or descendants of the tribulation transcenders. I believe this saying is reasonable and based on fact.”
Once Velo finished speaking, Huo Sheng pointed at himself.
“In other words, we’re the new generation of tribulation transcenders?”
“Yes, you’re right.”
“Then, is there anything special about us?”
Huo Sheng had barely asked when Velo began to explain.
“I mentioned earlier that the Black Mist Zone is the Supreme Divine Being’s playground or testing ground. Those who undergo tribulation are either gamers or trial targets.”
“The reason we’re called tribulation transcenders is because every time a new tribulation survivor appears, it signifies the beginning of a great calamity. This is related to an incident called the Heaven Ascension Stairs.”
“The so-called Heaven Ascension Stairs, is also known as the Ladder to God or the Path to Divinity!”
“Because the goal of the Heaven Ascension Stairs is to create a god! To birth a new divine being!”
“Divinities?” Lu Ming was interested. “Are there really divine beings within the Black Mist Zone?”
Velo nodded affirmatively, “Yes, and there’s more than one! All contemporary major clans possess one or even several ancestral gods. Clans without the protection of a god don’t deserve to be called major clans within the Black Mist Zone.”
To put it simply, the presence or absence of gods was the foundation determining whether a race could thrive within the Black Mist Zone!
With the birth of each new god, the territory of the old gods was squeezed.
Calamities ensued!
The great calamity of the divine wars! The great calamity of Clans Annihilation!
When a new god ascended the throne, the old god perished.
Or vice versa.
Lu Ming asked again, “How powerful are these gods?”
Velo replied, “The Mortal Realm, the Physique Realm, the Spirit Realm, the Source Realm, and the Ancient Realm. Above the Ancient Realm are the realms of gods! Moreover, there’s no other way to cross the threshold of the Ancient Realm to the Divine Spirit Realm except by ascending to the heavens! In other words, the only path to godhood is by way of the Heaven Ascension Stairs!”
Lu Ming could not help but fall silent.
This was because from the Mortal Realm, Physique Realm, Spirit Realm, Source Realm, and Ancient Realm, he could comprehend just how powerful the so-called gods truly were.
Velo continued, “Not only that, but there’s also such an agreement for the
Heaven Ascension Stairs.”
“In other words, the qualification to ascend to the heavens can only be obtained by contemporary tribulation transcenders…”
As soon as he finished speaking, Huo Sheng suddenly frowned.
A moment later, he nodded pensively. “In that case, it seems this is the fundamental reason we’re being targeted.”
According to the setting of the Heaven Ascension Stairs, only contemporary tribulation transcenders could step onto the Heaven Ascension Stairs. This also meant that only contemporary tribulation transcenders had the potential to achieve godhood through the Ascension Stairs.
However, if that was all, things would become simpler.
Is there a way to plunder the qualifications to ascend to the heavens here?”
Huo Sheng asked, only to see Velo nod and say, “Yes, there are many ways… Not only are there many ways, some of these methods are widely known and spread.”
“For example, the simplest method is the Blood Essence Extraction Method.”
“Through special tools, you can extract the blood essence of a current Tribulation Transcender and with the blood essence in your hand, you can step onto the Heaven Ascension Stairs.”
Considering the importance of gods to the clans…
The situation of the current tribulation transcenders could easily be deduced.
To become a god, one had to ascend the Heaven Ascension Stairs.
However, to ascend the Heaven Ascension Stairs, qualifications were necessary. If one wanted to obtain the qualifications, they had to target the Tribulation Transcenders of this generation.
“It looks like we’ve become a prized delicacy…”
Huo Sheng smiled bitterly, summarizing their identities.
Velo was unfamiliar with the concept of a “prized delicacy,” but from Huo Sheng’s expression, he understood what he meant.
He nodded gently and said, “So now, do you understand your situation?”
Understanding was one thing.
However, there were still many questions.
“What is a supreme divine being? Has anyone seen a supreme divine being before?”
Facing Huo Sheng’s question, Velo shook his head and said, “No one has seen the true form of the Supreme Divine Being, nor has anyone seen the Supreme Divine Being.”
“Those gods have never seen it before?”
“I don’t know… but the gods will always claim that the Supreme Divine Being truly exists. We’ve chosen to believe their words.”
Huo Sheng asked again, “How long is the interval between the appearance of each generation of tribulation transcenders?”
“At least a few hundred years, at most tens of thousands of years.”
This made Huo Sheng sigh.
At least for the next few hundred years, humans could forget about having other races share their burden.
“Lastly, the Heaven Ascension Stairs… When will the Heaven Ascension Stairs begin and in what way?”
At the mention of this, a strange expression suddenly appeared on Velo’s face…
He said, “The Heaven Ascension Stairs have actually already begun…”
Huo Sheng remained silent.
Then, he heard Velo say in a strange tone, “Mortal Realm Level Five, those who can interact with the Holy Tower, guided by the Holy Tower, can begin the Heaven Ascension Trial…”
Before Lu Ming and Huo Sheng could recover from their shock, Velo added, “I know how you must be feeling… This is considered a benefit given by the Supreme Divine Being to the new generation of tribulation transcenders. You missed it.”
“However, there’s no need to worry. Those who reach the Heaven Ascension Stage first might not have an advantage over those who enter later. Based on past data, it’s more likely that those who come later have a greater chance of achieving godhood.”
With that said, Velo paused briefly and added, “Now, you can also immediately begin the Heaven Ascension Trial by interacting with the Holy Tower.”
Huo Sheng raised his eyebrows, “Where is the Holy Tower in the Black Mist Zone?”
Velo gave a matter-of-fact answer, “In the core territories of the major clans..”


CHAPTER-169
Chapter 169: Great Harvest of Source Power Skills

The reason why gods were gods was because they possessed overwhelming power that crushed everything!
The power of gods was far superior to the Ancient Realm—the two of them could not be compared at all!
Considering that the only way to become a god was to climb the Heavenly Stairs, the Holy Tower became the most precious and rare resource within the Black Mist Zone!
Having their own clan’s gods was the standard to distinguish whether they belonged to a major clan.
Having an exclusive Holy Tower was the benchmark to distinguish whether they were top-tier contemporary clans.
Huo Sheng had asked what needed to be asked.
Velo had said what needed to be said.
In short, the conversation briefly paused, and the people in the room fell into deep thought.
A moment later, Huo Sheng took a deep breath.
“We’ll take all of these Source Power Skills.”
“In return, your Spirit Clan members can select a piece of territory near the Nanxiang gathering place.”
After saying this, Huo Sheng smiled and added, “We should interact more in the future. Since we’re newcomers here, we do need the Spirit Clan to enlighten us about the matters within the Black Mist Zone.”
Velo also smiled and said, “For some small matters, we will certainly help. We just hope that in the future, Mr. Lu will remember this little bit of assistance from our Spirit Clan when you achieve greatness.”
Contemporary Era tribulation bearers were a huge dynamite pack.
The nature of climbing the Heaven Ascension Stairs determined that they were destined to face numerous trials and tribulations.
Betting on contemporary tribulation transcenders was truly unwise—compared to befriending them, it was better to use any means to seize the qualifications for climbing to the heavens and strive for a better future.
Previously, due to the weakness of the Spirit Clan, even if they obtained qualifications, they could hardly complete the climb to the Heavenly Stairs—let alone reach the Holy Tower. Therefore, Velo chose a different path, intending to befriend contemporary tribulation transcenders in hopes of attaining a chance for their own ascension.
There was a significant element of gambling involved.
The chances of success were incredibly slim.
However, when he saw Lu Ming, Velo changed his mind.
A genius that was rarely seen in a thousand years, an industrious Scroll King, and the identity of a contemporary tribulation transcender.
This was worth betting heavily on!
To put it bluntly, Vero was not interested in this group of people from Nanxiang now.
He was only interested in Lu Ming!
After the negotiations were settled, Velo left.
Bai Tianyu also left.
Only Lu Ming and Huo Sheng were left in the room.
After Velo left, Huo Sheng could not help but sigh deeply, his shoulders slumping.
“What should we do…”
Mortal Realm, Physique Realm, Spirit Realm, Source Realm, Ancient Realm.
Five realms below the Divine Spirit Realm.
Huo Sheng did not know how strong a Spirit Realm creature was, but he knew very well that Lu Ming was most likely not a match for a Spirit Realm creature.
However, the contemporary major clans all had the protection of gods.
Now, due to their inherent identity, humans had become prey in the eyes of the major clans.
The situation was dire, and Ho Sheng had never felt so powerless before.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Lu Ming come to the table and pick up the bag of Source Power Skills.
This made Huo Sheng smile bitterly again.
“Aren’t you worried?”
Lu Ming said, “What’s the use of worrying?”
Huo Sheng opened his mouth to respond but found himself speechless.
Indeed, what’s the use of worrying?
For example, Lu Ming had never been worried about this or that—because there were many things that one could not change even if they were worried. There was also no solution.
It was better to continue improving oneself, being prepared for the unpredictable.
It could only be said that different personalities led to different decisions.
Lu Ming had such a personality, but Huo Sheng couldn’t be as carefree as Lu Ming.
After thinking for a moment, Huo Sheng said, “1 have to talk to Velo again. Brother Lu, you can carry on with your own matters.”
Lu Ming nodded. Instead, he took the Source Power Skill and walked out of the door, preparing to head home.
To say that Wei Luo’s words didn’t affect Lu Ming would be impossible.
He was also very flustered.
He was also apprehensive.
So Lu Ming could only use cultivation to numb his nerves and strengthen his abilities.
Lu Ming did not know what the future held, and he did not have the ability to predict the future.
But he knew that every additional attribute point he farmed today increased his chances of survival for tomorrow!
At home, the diverse array of Source Power Skills brightened Lu Ming’s mood.
After carefully selecting, Lu Ming chose the following Source Power Skills as his training projects:
Source Power Armor.
It was a Source Power Skill native to the continent.
However, its effects were quite good, significantly enhancing his defense­being startled by Yamamoto Yuichiro’s destructive death ray had made Lu Ming more concerned about protecting himself!
Soldier Transformation Technique.
It was also another native Source Power Skill of the continent.
Native didn’t mean it was bad, but rather, it was widespread—perhaps it could be said that because it was simple and practical, these Source Power Skills became universally practiced by everyone.
Gale Saber.
Saber Source Power Skill.
The Great Dragon Spear.
Spear Source Power Skill.
Apocalypse.
Staff Source Power Skill.
Atomic Sword Technique.
Sword Source Power Skill.
Feather Space Technique.
Flight Source Power Skill.
There was also the Spiritual Energy Rain.
It was a long-range attack Source Power Skill.
Source Power Skills, in reality, prized quality over quantity.
Using Source Power Skills required consuming Source Power, as well as physical stamina, and they also took time to execute.
In actual combat, one usually used a killer move when attacking, and success or failure often depended on that one move—this was why offensive Source Power Skills were better when honed to perfection.
However, it was a different story for someone like Lu Ming who cultivated a Source Power Skill to increase his attributes.
After selecting the Source Power Skill, Lu Ming was not in a hurry to start training. Instead, he opened his attribute panel first.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Mortal Realm, Level 2.
Transcendent Ability: Self-Limitation State
Strength: 16508.2
Physique: 16508.1
Agility: 16517.2
Free Attribute Points: 5408
Transcendent Ability: Body Self-Limitation
Skills: (Omitted).
Basic Stance: (omitted).
Source Power Skill: Basic Breathing Technique (Mastered) (263/1000).
Explosive Fist (Perfect) (70,000/100,000).
Knight Body Forging Technique (Beginner) (790/10000).
This was Lu Ming’s current status.
Ever since he obtained the Knight Body Forging Technique, Lu Ming’s daily practice routine revolved around the Knight Body Forging Technique!
This resulted in hardly any improvement in Lu Ming’s proficiency in other skills.
However, it also caused Lu Ming’s attributes to increase rapidly at an average of 100 points a day!
Picking up the Source Power Armor Seal Sphere, Lu Ming infused Source Power into it.
Soon, with his thoughts drifting, Lu Ming found himself in the inner space of the Source Power Armor Seal Sphere.
It was the same experience as when he learned the Knight Body Forging Technique.
After a few seconds, Lu Ming snapped back to reality, having already learned the usage techniques of the Source Power Armor from the seal sphere.
With a thought from Lu Ming, faint beams of light flickered across his body—a phenomenon arising from the resonance of the Source Power within his cells with the Source Power in the surrounding air.
Following a specific breathing rhythm, the Source Power within Lu Ming’s body behaved like a magnet, rapidly attracting the Source Power from the air. The two merged on the surface of his body, gradually forming a close-fitting armor that emitted a gentle glow.
Opening the attribute panel, a new skill caught Lu Ming’s eyes.
Source Power Armor (Beginner) (1/100): The most fundamental Source Power Protection Spell. You have preliminary mastered the Source Power Armor.. All your attributes+30, free attribute points+30!


CHAPTER-170
Chapter 170: Rapid Progress In Strength!

Unfortunately, the Source Power Armor did not create synergy with other basic skills.
This meant that Lu Ming’s gains from cultivating Source Power Armor were limited to the attribute enhancements brought about by this skill.
Lu Ming actually did not value this slight increase very much, but the memory of the pain of his severed arm caused by Yamamoto Yuichiro, made him think twice…
With that, Lu Ming made the decision that he would focus on cultivating this skill.
After all, it was a life-saving skill…
He also took out the Source Power Skill of the Soldier Transformation
Technique and began cultivating it.
Soldier Transformation Technique (Beginner) (1/100): Use source power to transform into a myriad of weapons! You have preliminary mastered the use of the Soldier Transformation Technique. All your attributes+30, free attribute points+30!
Similar to the Source Power Armor, the Soldier Transformation Technique could not create synergy with other basic skills.
Feather Space Technique (Beginner) (1/100): Use Source Power to fly through the air! You have preliminary mastered the use of the Feather Space Technique. All your attributes+30, and free attribute points+30!
It did not create synergy with other basic skills either.
But this was within Lu Ming’s expectations.
He picked up the Gale Saber and began practicing it.
Soon, a new skill appeared on the attribute panel.
Gale Saber (Beginner) (1/100): Mortal Realm Source Power Skill, After learning it, one could unleash a devastating blade technique akin to thunder and fire, to kill the enemy! You have preliminary mastered the use of the Gale Saber. All your attributes+30, and free attribute points+30!
And this time, the skill synergy that Lu Ming wanted finally appeared.
Note: Detected that your cold weapon combat level is LV32 and your basic saber technique is Lv26. When you cultivate the Gale Saber, you will obtain an additional proficiency increase.
The increase value was: 2.9 times (average of cold weapon combat level and basic saber skill level)!
Note: A friendly reminder that practicing Source Power skills will significantly accelerate the proficiency gains of related basic skills.
It was the same as the Explosive Fist.
Cultivating the Gale Saber would also swiftly level up the related basic skills. Similarly, the proficiency level of the related basic skills would rapidly increase the proficiency of the Gale Saber.
And this was what Lu Ming wanted!
Great Dragon Spear (Beginner) (1/100): Mortal Realm Source Power Skill, powerful and overwhelming! You have preliminary mastered the use of the Great Dragon Spear. All your attributes+30, free attribute points+30.
Note: Omitted…
Apocalypse (Beginner) (1/100): A Physique Realm Source Power Skill, a powerful staff technique created by a member of the Spirit Clan! When used, it was like a divine thunder strike that annihilated all things—hence its name!
“You have preliminary mastered the use of Apocalypse. All your attributes+300, free attribute points+300!”
Physique Realm Source Power Skill!
The attributes obtained were ten times more than Mortal Realm Source Power Skills!
However, Lu Ming had a feeling that the difficulty of cultivating Apocalypse might be ten times that of a Mortal Realm Source Power Skills.
Fortunately, the skills were synergistic.
Note: Detected that your cold weapon combat level is LV32 and your basic saber technique is Lv20. When you cultivate the Apocalypse, you would obtain an additional proficiency increase.
The increase value was: 2.6 times (average of cold weapon combat level and basic staff skill level)!
Note: A friendly reminder that practicing Source Power skills will significantly accelerate the proficiency gains of related basic skills.
Atomic Sword Technique (Beginner) (1/100): A Physique Realm Source Power Skill, an ingenious sword technique as delicate as atomic cutting! Extremely powerful but difficult to cultivate.
“You have preliminary mastered the use of Atomic Sword Technique. All your attributes+300, free attribute points+300!”
Note: Omitted…
Another Physique Realm Source Power Skill!
Spiritual Energy Bullet Rain (Beginner) (1/100): Mortal Realm Source Power Skill. A basic long-range attack Source Power Skill! Condenses the Source Power within the body and constructs an energy bullet to attack the enemy.
“You have preliminary mastered the use of the Spiritual Energy Bullet Rain. All your attributes+30, free attribute points+30!
Note: You can fire spiritual energy bullets using any method and any weapon!
Note: Detected that your slingshot shooting level is Lv31, your crossbow shooting level is LV30, your archery level is LV30, your firearms shooting level is LV30, and your throwing level is Lv20. When you cultivate the Spiritual Energy Bullet Rain, you will obtain an additional proficiency increase!
The enhancement multiplier was: 2.8 times (the average of the relevant basic skill levels).
Note: A friendly reminder that practicing Source Power skills will significantly accelerate the proficiency gains of related basic skills.
Although the Spiritual Energy Bullet Rain was only a Mortal Realm Source Power Skill, it integrated the five basic skills on Lu Ming’s body.
This made the value of this Source Power Skill much higher.
After doing all this, Lu Ming’s three-dimensional attributes had now reached:
Strength: 17288.2
Physique: 17288.1
Agility: 17297.2
Free Attribute Points: 6188
Moreover, these were only the attributes under the Self-Limitation State.
“But it’s still not enough.”
Initially, Lu Ming felt that he was still quite strong.
However, now, he realized that there was the Spirit Realm above the Physique Realm, the Source Realm above the Spirit Realm, and the Ancient Realm above the Source Realm!
And above the Ancient Realm were the Divine beings!
A frog at the bottom of a well?
The previous Lu Ming was indeed like a frog at the bottom of a well. He was naive and had not seen the world!
“Therefore, how can I resolve my worries? The only way is to cultivate! The only way is to become stronger!!”
The harsh external environment, the awkward situation of being a contemporary tribulation transcender, left Lu Ming no room to relax whatsoever!
At present, it was noon.
Without further ado, he began practicing!
The cultivation of Source Power Skills at the entry level was fast and efficient.
For Lu Ming, often after dozens of repetitions, the related Source Power Skills could be upgraded from entry level to proficiency level.
Of course, the difficulty of cultivating Mortal Realm and Physique Realm Source Power Skills was indeed different—the cultivation speed of Physique Realm Source Power Skills (Apocalypse and Atomic Sword Technique) was indeed very slow, but it could not stop Lu Ming from being persistent and determined.
There was also the system.
Moreover, Lu Ming also discovered something.
The Source Power Armor technique was easy to practice!
It was not about difficulty, but the Source Power Armor technique could slowly increase its proficiency as long as it was activated. During this process, Lu Ming could also practice other Source Power Skills—a bit like practicing two Source Power Skills within the same timeframe.
Double the progress was quite satisfying.
It was a pity that other Source Power skills did not have this characteristic, but Lu Ming was not disappointed.
Just before going to bed that night, all the newly learned Source Power techniques were brought to the proficient level by Lu Ming.
The price was that he had practiced the Knight Body Forging Technique ten times less today—he had no choice, there was just no time left.
However, overall, it was still worth it.
The upgrade of the six Mortal Realm Source Power Skills brought Lu Ming 70*6 = 420 points of total attributes and 420 points of free attribute points.
The upgrade of the two Physique Realm Source Power Skills brought Lu Ming 700*2 = 1400 points of total attributes and 1400 points of free attribute points.
And that’s not to mention the basic skills had crazily leveled up!
In just an afternoon, Lu Ming’s three-dimensional attributes became:
Strength: 19411.5
Physique: 19411.4
Agility: 19530.2
Free Attribute Points: 8008
A more ferocious power was brewing within his body.
But evidently, it still was not enough!
After outlining the practice plan for the next day, Lu Ming drifted into a deep sleep.
Day 96 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming did his usual exercises in the morning and practiced the Knight Body Forging Technique 3 times.
In the evening, he practiced the Knight Body Forging Techniques 7 times in the afternoon and then practiced the Soldier Transformation Technique.
In the evening, he practiced the Feather Space Technique.
At the same time, he kept the Source Power Armor active throughout the entire day.
Compared to before, the current Lu Ming decided to sacrifice some time from his Knight Body Forging Technique to increase the level of his other Source Power skills.
He persisted until he raised all the Source Power Skills, other than the Source Power Armor, to the proficient level and maxed out all his basic skills!
That night, the Source Power Armor leveled up.
Proficiency stage: Proficient.
His three-dimensional attributes increased by 200, and his free attribute points increased by 200!


CHAPTER-171
Chapter 171:I Have to Succeed!

Day 37 of the Black Mist Calendar.
The proficiency of the Source Power Armor increased by 3,000 points.
At the same time, he had reached the proficient stage of the Soldier Transformation Technique and the Feather Space Technique.
The upgrade of the two Mortal Realm Source Power Skills each provided Lu Ming with 200 three-dimensional attributes and 200 free attributes. In total, he had 400 points!
That night, Lu Ming changed his cultivation target and began to cultivate the Gale Saber and the Great Dragon Spear.
Day 98 of the Black Mist Calendar.
The proficiency of the Source Power Armor increased by 3,000 points.
The Gale Saber and the Great Dragon Spear had advanced and reached the proficient stage.
They also provided Lu Ming with 200 three-dimensional attributes and 200 free attributes.
This time, Lu Ming did not change his cultivation program. Instead, he continued to cultivate the Gale Saber and the Great Dragon Spear. His goal was to increase his basic skills to the maximum level!
This goal was achieved two days later.
Day 100 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Cold Weapon Combat Lvioo (max level).
Basic Saber Technique Lvioo (max level).
Basic Marksmanship Lvioo (max level).
At the same time, Lu Ming had cultivated the Gale Saber and the Great Dragon Spear to the proficient level!
In addition, the Source Power Armor had also reached the proficient level!
These three mastery-level Mortal Realm Source Power Skills each gave Lu Ming 300 three-dimensional attributes and 300 free attributes points.
Altogether, it was 900!
On this day, Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Strength: 23095.5
Physique: 23095.4
Agility: 23214.2
Free Attribute Points: 10158
Lu Ming switched to another cultivation project.
Spiritual Energy Bullet Rain (Mastery) (1/1,000).
Day 103 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming raised his slingshot, crossbow, bow, and gun shooting to the maximum level.
At the same time, the Spiritual Energy Bullet Rain went from mastery to proficiency (+200), and then to proficiency ( + 300) (35,000/100,000).
The Source Power Armor advanced again and reached perfection (10,000/1,000,000). His three-dimensional attributes increased by 400, and his free attribute points increased by 400!
Lu Ming changed his cultivation program again and prepared to start cultivating the remaining two Physique Realm Source Power Skills: Apocalypse and Atomic Sword Technique!
Day 106 of the Black Mist Calendar.
He had maxed out his basic staff techniques and basic sword techniques.
At the same time, Apocalypse and Atomic Sword Technique leveled up and reached the proficiency level.
Lu Ming obtained another 2,000 three-dimensional attributes and 2,000 free attribute points for the two Body Realm Source Power skills.
In total, it was 4,000 points!
On this day, Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Mortal Realm, Level 2.
Transcendent Ability: Self-Limitation State
Strength: 29982.5
Physique: 29882.4
Agility: 31693.2
Free Attribute Points: 15358
Transcendent Ability: Body Self-Limitation
Skill: Cultivation Lv44 (0/4400).
The other basic skills were all maxed out.
Resistance Stance: All maxed out.
Source Power Skills:
Basic Breathing Technique (Proficient) (596/10,000).
Explosive Fist (Perfect) (70,000/100,000).
Knight Body Forging Technique (Proficient) (900/10000).
Source Power Armor (Perfect) (150,000/1,000,000).
Soldier Transformation Technique (Proficient) (1/10,000).
Feather Space Technique (Proficient) (1/10,000).
Gale Blade (Mastery) (10,000/100,000).
Great Dragon Spear (Mastery) (10,000/100,000).
Apocalypse (Proficient) (1/10,000).
Atomic Sword Technique (Proficient) (1/10,000).
Spirit Energy Bullet Rain (Master) (35,000/100,000).
Explosive and transformational upgrades!
Later that evening, Lu Ming slightly adjusted his cultivation plan.
“Regular exercise +10 times Knight Body Forging Technique.”
“In the remaining time, I can actually cultivate other Source Power skills.”
Knight Body Forging techniques emphasized steady progress.
On the other hand, if he used other Source Power Skills to farm his attributes, it would highlight his accumulation for greater breakthroughs.
Considering basic skill factors, Lu Ming had calculated which method would yield faster attribute gains—the other Source Power techniques would be faster initially, but Knight Body Forging Technique would be faster in the later stages.
However, one could not ignore the fact that the level of combat-related Source Power techniques was closely related to combat strength.
Basic attributes determined the lower limit of combat strength, while techniques determined the upper limit
Therefore, Lu Ming decided to do both.
His gaze shifted to the Explosive Fist that had not been inactive for a while.
“So, beyond perfection, what other levels are there? What kind of changes can it bring to the skill?”
Lu Ming did not know, but he wanted to try.
The next day was the 107th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
In the distant direction of the Spirit Clan’s gathering place, the war between the Undead Clan and the Insect Tribe, which had been ongoing for some time, was gradually coming to an end.
On the bloodstained plain, a large number of zombies of all shapes and sizes were lying or sprawled on the ground. There were even more strangely shaped insects or humanoid insects of all sizes moving across the battlefield, aiding their wounded allies or finishing off still-living zombies.
The outcome of the war was obvious at a glance…
Outside the battlefield, within the Chaoshan Division, the leader of the Blood Flame Tribe sat in the place previously occupied by the Chao Shan Tribe’s leader. His expression was gloomy but not despondent.
Observing the Blood Flame Tribe members and the Chao Shan Tribe members below, the Blood Flame Tribe leader named Ma said in a solemn tone,
“Princess (Minister Chaoshan) is dead and the war is lost. We did not capture the group of tribulation transcenders. Instead, we suffered heavy losses in the war against the Insect Tribe.”
After summarizing this, Ma noticed that his words had caused the reaction of the old subordinates of the Chao Shan Tribe members to darken.
Ma continued, “Previously, I reported the matter here to the higher-ups. The higher-ups said that they would send reinforcements. Unfortunately, our reinforcements arrived a little later than the other party.”
As the saying went, speed was a crucial asset in a war. If the soldiers were a step late, everything would be too late!
The Origin Realm experts of the Insect Tribe had arrived at the battlefield first. The situation meant a crushing defeat for the Undead Clan.
At this moment, looking at the situation, the Origin Realm experts of the Undead Clan felt that there was no need to expand the scale of the war, so they simply did not come…
“So unfortunately, the Chao Shan tribe had been abandoned.”
After saying this, Ma carefully looked at the reaction of the old subordinates of the Chao Shan Tribe. After discovering that their reaction was not intense, he continued, “The higher-ups mean to give this area to the Insect Clan and Chao Shan Tribe to join our Blood Flame Sect. From today onwards, we’ll immediately move and leave this area.”
With that said, he waved his hand, “I’ll give you two hours to pack your things.”
His subordinates dispersed one after another.
Ma instead stood up from his chair.
As he sized up the spacious meeting hall of Chaoshan Tribe, Ma did not gloat over their defeat. He had a good relationship with the princess.
But absorbing the Chao Shan Tribe for no apparent reason… If you said that Ma was despondent because of the war’s failure, it would not be true also.
In short, it was very complicated…
A moment later, Ma smiled, “This works too, it’s not bad.”
The Tribulation Transcenders who appeared here were the third batch of Tribulation Transcenders from the Mist Capital.
According to the information from Yamamoto and the others, the population density in Mist Capital on Earth was relatively low, which meant that the number of tribulation transcenders was also relatively low—at least fewer than in Nanxiang and Tokyo.
Now, the tribulation transcenders in Tokyo had already joined the Blood Flame Sect.
In addition, he also knew the location of the Nanxiang gathering place.
From the looks of it, Ma really did not need to engage in a life-and-death struggle with the Insect Tribe here—a sentiment shared by the higher-ups of the Undead Clan.
A bird in hand is worth two in the bush.
The strength of the Insect Tribe was not inferior to the Undead Clan. There was really no need to fight the Insect Tribe to the death for this batch of tribulation transcenders from the Mist City.
“However, this means that when I return to the Blood Flame Sect, I do need to address the situation in Nanxiang.”
There was a lot of room for maneuver in doing things.
Since he could not take down the ones in the east, he had to take down the ones in the west..


CHAPTER-172
Chapter 172: The Mother Tree’s Cooperative Proposal

Going back a few days.
Black Feather Mountain.
The Giant Clan army led by Hao Lie pressed towards the vicinity of the Mother Tree’s location on Black Feather Mountain and set up camp there.
Numerous giant warriors lay in wait, ready to carry out Hao Lie’s command to crush the Mother Tree!
As for Apelo, who had been beside Hao Lie all along, her eyes were already filled with anticipation.
It was the Mother Tree that had annihilated her people, taken their ancestral land, and subjected the surviving Black Feather tribe members to hardship!
She had sworn to take revenge for the Black Feather tribe!
Hence, a question arose…
Between the Mother Tree and the Giant Clan, who was stronger?
The answer was actually obvious at a glance.
The Giant Clan was stronger, much stronger!
Although the Mother Tree’s life form was strange and its characteristics were very terrifying,
it had arrived in the Black Mist Zone recently and there was simply no time and space for its development.
At this moment, the strongest enemy of the Mother Tree was the Dragon Spirit —Level 2 Spirit Realm.
Moreover, it would take a lot of time and biomass for the Mother Tree to create a Dragon Spirit.
Currently, the Mother Tree possessed only dozens of Dragon Spirits.
As a giant race in this era, so what if they were strong?
Sorry to say that the Spirit Realm experts were not the strongest within their army.
This was because two Source Realm experts had been dispatched by the Giant King’s Court to support Hao Lie!
Therefore, it was obvious that once the Source Realm experts attacked, the Mother Tree would have no chance of survival whatsoever!
The situation seemed quite clear – the Mother Tree had only two choices: death or escape, with no third option.
However, the subsequent developments left Apelo baffled…
On the first day of his arrival, Apelo repeatedly emphasized to Hao Lie how strong the Mother Tree was, the extent of its threat, and the urgency of eliminating it. He insisted that once the Mother Tree was eliminated, they could easily defeat the Tribulation Transceivers under its protection.
Hao Lie listened attentively and on that very day, he dispatched a group of warriors to probe the Mother Tree’s strength.
On the afternoon of the same day, the dispatched giant warriors returned unharmed.
Accompanying them was a zombie tribulation transcender named Simba, along with three strange-looking human-headed monsters……..
Inside the central command tent, negotiations began between representatives of the Mother Tree and Hao Lie’s forces.
However, in Apelo’s eyes, there was actually nothing to negotiate about. The contemporary tribulation transcenders were valuable resources, caught them, bled them, done.
Given the glaring difference in power, what was there to negotiate?
At first, Hao Lie had the same mindset.
However, when Simba spoke, the situation took a different turn.
“There’s really no need for needless violence. We actually have a better way to cooperate.”
Facing Hao Lie, even though Simba was visibly terrified, he remained composed and confident.
Hearing this, Hao Lie raised his eyebrows. After downing a big gulp of wine, he raised his chin at Simba.
“1’11 only give you three chances to speak.”
Simba trembled inwardly, but wore a confident smile on his face.
“Two chances are enough!”
“The Mother Tree needs biomass to produce these combat weapons.”
With that said, Simba pointed at one of the human-headed monsters.
Then, it said, “And these human-headed monsters are also tribulation transcenders!”
While Hao Lie did not take the first two sentences to heart, then the third sentence was undoubtedly like a bolt from the blue, causing Hao Lie to be stunned on the spot.
The wine jar in his hand fell, but Hao Lie did not seem to care.
He merely stared at Simba and said solemnly, “Say that again!?”
“These combat weapons are also tribulation transcenders who can provide you with the blood essence you desire!!”
These words could not be any simpler and more straightforward.
Hao Lie stared blankly at the three human-headed monsters beside Simba.
The three human-headed monsters with the heads of the Black Feather Tribe smiled strangely. In the next second, all three heads twisted unnaturally and they died on the spot!
Simba politely gestured to Hao Lie.
“Your turn.”
The atmosphere in the central command tent instantly took a 180-degree turn. Except for Apelo, everyone else revealed excited and jubilant expressions! What Simba said was completely true – after verification, the combat weapons produced by the Mother Tree, the humanoid creatures, were indeed tribulation transcenders and could extract blood essence!
Although the extraction amount was much less compared to same-level tribulation transcenders, the advantage lay in their high numbers and continuous production!
What did this mean?
This meant that the Mother Tree had become a qualified manufacturing machine for reaching the heavenly levels.
All they needed to do was provide biomaterial to the Mother Tree, and it could continuously create the qualifications to ascend to the heavens!
And it was unlimited!
Compared to this ability, all tribulation transcenders were trash! Hao Lie would not even spare them a glance!
There was no need to wage war anymore.
Now, if anyone still dared to attack the Mother Tree, Hao Lie would be the first to kill them!
The cooperation between the two sides was established within a few words. Thus, the world where only Apelo was injured was born.
Apelo was filled with hatred and anger!
His enemies and his backers had joined forces. Where did that leave him in terms of face?
In a fit of anger, Apelo began to devise a cunning plan.
Leaning into Hao Lie’s ear, Apelo whispered, “Big Brother, you’re playing with fire here…”
“Think about it, no matter how many qualify to ascend to the heavens, there can only be one ultimate victor!”
“And this Mother Tree, its potential is immense, its strength formidable. If we don’t eliminate it now, who can contend with it when the time comes for ascension?”
Apelo’s words made sense.
However, Hao Lie frowned and glanced coldly at Apelo.
The faint ferocious glint in his eyes sent a shiver down Apelo’s spine.
He heard Hao Lie say softly, “I’ll make use of it first before eliminating it. I can’t let fear stop me from moving forward, right?”
“Moreover, there are only a few holy towers in the Black Mist Zone. It’s still unknown if this monster can touch the holy towers.”
Hao Lie had clearly lowered his voice, but Simba seemed to have heard him and spoke leisurely,
“By the way, Lord Hao Lie, my master would like me to convey a message to you.”
Hao Lie immediately smiled and said, “Please go ahead.”
“The Mother Tree here is not its true form. It’s just a projection. The Giant Clan is not the only potential partner of the Mother Tree…”
As soon as he said this, Hao Lie frowned.
“Explain yourself!”
Simba smiled mischievously, “The Insect Clan.”
“The Insect Clan had contact with us long before you did.”
The Blade Edge Insect Nest was located near the old territory of the Chaoshan Tribe and the Spirit Clan.
Not long ago, due to the appearance of tribulation transcenders in the vicinity, the Blade Edge Insect Nest engaged in a fierce battle against the Chaoshan Mountain Tribe’s Undead Clan.
In the initial stages of the war, both sides had their victories and losses, unable to decisively defeat the other.
After all, the Insect Clan and the Undead Clan were both top-notch clans of their era, and their strengths were evenly matched.
Originally, if this was the case, this balance might have continued.
However, a few days before the Chaoshan Tribe was defeated, a human-headed monster arrived at the Blade Edge Insect Nest, carrying a small sapling.
It was the same conversation and the same cooperation proposal.
Moreover, the outcome was exactly the same—no clan could resist the temptation of the Mother Tree.
It was this news that prompted the Source Realm experts of the Insect Clan to disregard their own depletion and rush to this location at the fastest speed, almost in a frenzy..


CHAPTER-173
Chapter 173: Messed Up The Situation

Went back in time to today.
On the battlefield that had already ended, Engineer insectoids were crawling everywhere.
They looked like Stag Beetles that were thousands of times larger. Their immense strength allowed them to effortlessly drag heavy objects.
With the efforts of the Engineer Insect Clan, everything on the battlefield, whether living or dead, whether undead or insectoid, was dragged to the back and placed in a heavily guarded open space.
Here, the branches of the Mother Tree swayed, adorned with human heads hanging from its branches.
Looking below at the food provided by the Insect Clan, the Mother Tree was delighted.
Was there anything more satisfying than having others hunt for you instead of h un ting yourself?
And what about the human-headed monsters I sent out?
How would these insects know how much biomass it required to create a human-headed monster? How could they understand that 1 could earn 90% energy with just this move?!
This deal was incredibly profitable!
Of course, there was no need for the Mother Tree to disclose to anyone the exact revenue.
It just diligently produced head creatures until it consumed about a tenth of its energy, then put on an expression of weakness.
“I can’t go on, I’m depleted!”
Not far ahead, a two-meter-tall insectoid with six blade-like legs on its back, a face and body that met human aesthetics, spoke crisply.
“Don’t worry, my dearest partner… We will provide you with an endless supply of biomass!”
With these words, the Source Realm expert of the insectoids, the Queen of Blades, waved her hand slightly.
Outside, the sound of insects resounded in all directions!
Only these corpses on the battlefield were not enough, far from enough!
There was still the Undead Clan in the Chaoshan Tribe!
Now, they were equivalent to tribulation transcenders. The Insect Clan would definitely not let them off.
Just as the Queen of Blades was about to turn and leave, the Mother Tree spoke again.
“By the way, Queen, there’s something I need to clarify in advance.”
“We’ve also formed a partnership with the Giant Race. If you encounter them in the future, please give me a little respect and don’t start fighting immediately.”
Hearing this, a cold light flashed in the Queen of Blades’ eyes.
She said sarcastically, “My dearest collaborator… You’re not forming a partnership with the Undead Clan too, are you?”
The Mother Tree laughed, “That’s not possible. After all, I have to give you a hunting target, right?”
Time returned to a few days ago.
Inside the central military tent, when they heard that the Mother Tree was still cooperating with the Insect Clan, Hao Lie immediately frowned.
However, after thinking about it carefully, Hao Lie had no comments.
The cooperation between the Mother Tree and the Insect Clan happened first.
They were newcomers to this situation.
As for Simba’s story about cooperating with the insectoids, it was most likely true… probably.
The Mother Tree had no reason to lie.
One of his subordinates brought a map and Hao Lie studied it carefully.
“This is the Black Feather Mountain. This way is the territory of our Giant Race. Beyond the Bear Mountain in the opposite direction is the territory of the Insect Race and the Undead Clan. I think the collaborator of the Mother Tree is probably the Blade Edge Insect Nest or the Giant Sickle Insect Nest here…”
“On the right is the Hundred Thousand Mountains. There are only exotic beasts there and no intelligent races. It’s too far to cross the Hundred Thousand Mountains, so there’s no need to consider.”
“To the left is the Realm of Chaos, inhabited by brainless intelligent races, even stranger than beasts…”
“Mm—”
Hao Lie groaned and grinned at Simba.
“I wonder if the Mother Tree has other collaborators?”
Simba shook his head, “Not for the time being…”
Hao Lie nodded with understanding, “I see.”
Only after Simba left did Hao Lie clench his teeth, smashing the wine cup in his hand!
He was very angry.
This was because good things could not be enjoyed alone. Instead, they had to be shared.
Furthermore, the issues brought by the cooperation between the Mother Tree and the Insect Clan and the Giant Clan were not just about sharing the benefits!
The importance of the Mother Tree was evident.
It could mass-produce those eligible for ascension to the heavens!
Whoever controlled the Mother Tree held the power to dictate the path of ascension! To put it mildly, no ambitious race could or would share such a thing!
“Insect Clan… Insect Clan…”
In the central military tent, Hao Lie muttered to himself, then he suddenly raised his head and looked towards a figure beside him.
“Third Uncle.”
“Hmm,” An elderly giant responded.” He was a Source Realm expert of the Giant Tribe accompanying the army this time.
Hao Lie continued, “Are you and Fourth Uncle confident in taking down the Blade Edge Insect Nest and the Giant Sickle Insect Nest?”
Third Uncle pondered for a moment and shook his head.
“I’m afraid not.”
“I see…” Hao Lie muttered and continued, “Then Third Uncle, are you and Fourth Uncle confident in guarding this Black Feather Mountain and the Mother Tree on the mountain?”
Third Uncle smiled faintly, seemingly satisfied with Hao Lie’s logical thinking. “I’m not confident. However, I’ve already sent a message to the Royal Court just now. I believe more reinforcements will arrive soon.”
Hao Lie nodded slightly and Third Uncle continued, “Moreover, I believe you should also gather biomass while preparing to deal with the Insect clan, or rather the possible attacks from all races in the current world.”
On Black Feather Mountain, the branches of the Mother Tree swayed.
A large number of human heads opened their eyes in unison. Countless biomass surged into the human heads, providing the Mother Tree with extraordinary computing power and intelligence!
“Insect Clan.”
“Giant Clan.”
“Heh… Regardless of the race, that inherent greed and selfishness are common.”
“The greed to monopolize the treasures.”
“The selfishness of absolutely not wanting to share advantages!”
“Those who are not of our kind will definitely have different intentions!”
“I’m looking forward to the sparks that will fly between the two of you.”
With these thoughts in mind, the heads on the Mother Tree curled their lips involuntarily.
It kept pondering.
“Hmm, two major clans and five avatars are enough. There’s no need to cooperate with the Undead Clan anymore. I should leave a target and hunting goal for the Insect clan and the Giant clan, right?”
“The next step is to publicize this unique characteristic of mine and incite the covetousness and greed of all races!”
“Only in this way can 1 grow faster and slack off.”
Take advantage of the chaos to profit privately, this was the law.
Although the appearance of the tribulation transcenders and the Black Mist Zone had already caused some disagreement among the clans, the Mother Tree entered the scene too early, and the various clans had not yet erupted into large-scale wars.
To put it bluntly, the situation was not sufficiently messed up.
For the Mother Tree to grow, it needed room to develop and to mess up the situation. That way, those super-powered Source Realm and even Ancient Realm experts would not dare to directly attack it—instead, they would protect its safety, providing a space for it to develop in secret.
Why engage in needless fighting and killing?
The Mother Tree had more options available!
Thinking of this, the Mother Tree said softly, “Lian Jie, go tell the Giant Clan that I’m hungry.”
Lian Jie nodded and left.
The Mother Tree vaguely saw the quiet and peaceful New York gathering place at the foot of the mountain.
After experiencing such an ordeal, the group of tribulation transcenders in New York were naturally forgotten by the Giant Clan…
With the Mother Tree around, they were essentially useless.
They were not even worthy of being food for the Mother Tree. They were too weak and the energy contained was too low…
In short, the humans in the New York gathering place were in a state where one cared and no one paid attention—because of their weakness, they gained a space for survival.
The Nanxiang gathering place was actually in such a state.
The only ones who still coveted Nanxiang were the zombies of the Blood Flame Sect.
Time returned to the present.
After two hours of tidying up and organizing, Ma prepared to return to the Blood Flame Sect with the remaining zombies of Chaosan Tribe.
However, not long after leaving the Chaosan Sect, Ma suddenly stopped in his tracks.
This was because ahead of them, the figure of the Queen of Blades descended from the sky and landed in front of them.
This made Ma give a wry smile in despair.
“Sir, there’s no need to completely wipe us out, right? We’ve already given you the territory…”
The Queen of Blades could not be bothered to waste her breath on Ma.
With a wave of her fair hand, a brilliant sea of dazzling blade lights filled the sky..


CHAPTER-174
Chapter 174: The Fall of the Blood Flame Sect

The collaboration between the Mother Tree and the Insect and Giant Clans was like a drop of ink dripping into the clear pond in the Black Mist Zone.
At the beginning, it only slightly clouded the waters of the pond—during the initial stages of their cooperation, the presence of the Mother Tree did not entirely upheave the entire Black Mist Zone.
However, what the future held was anyone’s guess.
As a minor subplot in this larger event, Ma’s death was even more insignificant.
The one who had taken a life, the Queen of Blades, had no idea who was the zombie she had killed.
The Mother Tree did not care much about Ma.
But a grain of sand in the tide of time became a mountain for an individual.
Yamamoto and the others in the Blood Flame Sect were utterly devastated…
In Ma’s residence, looking at the exploding crystal ball, Yamamoto and the other three exchanged looks.
“Leader?”
“Leader?”
They called out softly to the crystal ball as if summoning a spirit.
Until someone walked over and looked at the exploding crystal ball, his expression changed drastically.
“The leader is dead!!”
The leader of the Blood Flame Sect, Ma, was a Level 2 Spirit Realm expert.
As the pillar and the strongest expert of the Blood Flame Sect, Ma’s death undoubtedly caused monstrous waves within the Blood Flame Sect.
Several Level 9 Physique Realm zombies argued for a long time.
Some wanted to investigate the cause of Ma’s death.
Some wanted to report it to higher-ups.
And some saw this as an opportunity to seize the position of the Blood Flame Sect’s leader.
In short, the thought processes of intelligent beings were generally similar.
Many were involved in the chaotic arguments. Not only did they not solve the problem, but they also wasted more time.
As for Yamamoto, Yama An, and the other Tokyo ghouls, although they were geniuses, their strength was insufficient and they could not interrupt at all in this kind of situation.
These chaotic arguments continued for three days within the Blood Flame Sect.
Day no of the Black Mist Calendar.
A Level 9 Physique Realm Undead called Qi ascended to the position of the head of the Blood Flame Sect and reported the news of Ma’s death to the higher-ups of the Undead Clan.
However, it did not know that just a few days’ journey away, the Insect Clan’s army was already on the march.
Day 115 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Under the lead of the three Spirit Realm Insect Clan members, the insect clan army launched an attack on the Blood Flame Sect.
And with Ma gone, the Blood Flame Sect no longer had any Spirit Realm expert!
In the absence of high-level combatants, the fall of the Blood Flame Sect happened with extraordinary speed.
Day 117 of the Black Mist Calendar.
The Blood Flame Sect was wiped off.
The Blade Edge Insect Nest first destroyed the Chaoshan Division and then the Blood Flame Division. This was equivalent to the Insect Clan officially declaring war on the Undead Clan.
Of course, these things were only to be revealed later.
At the original location of the Blood Flame Division.
A large number of workers dragged the corpses and collected the blood from the blood pool and even the wooden structures. These were all biomass needed by the Mother Tree, and the Insect Clan would definitely not let anything go to waste.
Inside Ma’s former residence, the three Spirit Realm Insect Clan members were discussing their next move.
“Should we continue to push in the direction of Bear Mountain?”
“No need. There’s not much to gain there. It’s a remote area and won’t yield many spoils of war. Instead of advancing that way, we’d be better off joining forces with the Queen and launching a major attack against the undead!”
The Insect Clan excelled in combat and was unafraid of casualties. Even before the Mother Tree, the Insect Clan was adept at sparking wars. Now that they had the Mother Tree, war was essentially a sure profit for them.
The more enemies, the better.
The larger the scale of the war, the better.
However, there were no major hostile clans in the direction of Bear Mountain, and having secured the safety of their rear by eradicating the Blood Flame Division, there was no need to spend too much effort there.
Another Spirit Realm Insect Clan member suddenly said, “Previously, a group of people seemed to have escaped from the Blood Flame Division. Don’t you need to chase after them?”
The other two insect creatures shook their heads. “There’s no need. I’ve observed that the undead who escaped are not strong. The strongest is only at Level 5 of the Physique Realm. It’s not worth wasting energy on them.”
Weak strength was equivalent to low energy.
It was equivalent to not being able to extract much blood essence.
Whether they were Tribulation Transcenders was no longer important.
And so, the short meeting ended.
After tidying up everything in the Blood Flame Division, the Insect Clan slowly retreated with their full spoils of war, leaving behind a scene of devastation.
Near the initial landing point of the Tribulation Transcenders in Tokyo.
Yama An, Yamamoto Yuichiro, and a group of Tokyo Ghouls walked through the wilderness.
Their faces were filled with fear and worry.
A few days ago, when the Insect Clan attacked, the Blood Flame Division had fiercely counterattacked, fighting to the death.
However, the significance of those who experienced the tribulation was too great. These Tokyo ghouls who had just joined the Blood Flame Division did not feel strongly attached to it. At least, they lacked the courage to share its life and death.
Therefore, Yama An, Yamamoto Yuichiro , and Keiyi together sent the Tokyo ghouls led by Yama An and Yuichiro Yamamoto out of the Blood Flame Division.
They have maps.
They also knew the location of the nearby Undead Clan strongholds.
Unfortunately, the location of the Blood Flame Division was remote to begin with. With the Insect Clan blocking one side and the other side being a long journey through the Bear Mountain to reach the Chaotic Domain.
This was their only way out.
To accommodate the weaker members of the group, Yamamoto and the others traveled slowly.
On the other hand, the danger along the way was not too great—Physique Realm experts were weaklings among major clans, but in the wilderness, they were not weak by any means.
On day 126 of the Black Mist Calendar, Yamamoto saw smoke rising in the distance.
He raised his hand and pointed in the direction of the rising smoke.
“That’s where the Nanxiang people are!”
His tone was complex…
The last time, he had tried to hunt the Nanxiang people and was beaten up by Lu Ming.
Originally, Yamamoto wanted to ask the experts of the Blood Flame Division to step forward and flatten Nanxiang. However, he did not expect that while Nanxiang was fine, the Blood Flame Division was destroyed.
At this moment, Yamamoto came to the vicinity of the Nanxiang gathering place again. He really did not know what expression to put on.
His mood was quite complicated.
Beside him, Hachima An secretly spoke.
“Don’t cause trouble. Cross Nanxiang and head directly for the Chaotic Domain.”
However, he did not expect his proposal to meet resistance from others.
Kanzaki Asao glared at him. “Hachima An, are you afraid?!”
Hamatori,”???”
What did fear have to do with avoiding causing trouble?
Before Hachima An could speak, Yamanaka Hitomi rubbed her belly, licked her lips, and softly said, “Uncle Hamatori, never mind whether you’re scared or not, right now our stomachs are really hungry…”
They had not brought much supplies when they fled.
And because the team was not small, the blood food they hunted along the way was not nearly enough to go round.
Although zombies could endure hunger much better than humans, prolonged inadequate feeding indeed greatly affected their combat capabilities.
Hachima An frowned as he felt that Yamanaka Hitomi words made sense.
After thinking for a moment, he said, “Yamamoto, didn’t you see a very powerful Awakened here previously? Do you think the four of us are his match?”
Teraoka Chaoyi pointed at Hachima An and laughed. “Look, 1 told you you’re afraid.”
Hachima An ignored this idiot.
Until Yamamoto Yuichiro nodded casually. “I think the four of us should be able to deal with him if we work together.”
“Moreover… I’m actually quite eager for that person’s flesh and blood.”
Zombies with intelligence usually advanced through the Devourer. They retained a portion of the characteristics of the Devourer.
Leaving Lu Ming’s strength aside, the energy contained in his flesh and blood alone was extraordinary.
Just that Body Transformation superpower alone made Yamamoto Yuichiro extremely envious!
This made Hachima An sigh slightly.
He turned to look at the large zombie team behind him.
Hunger had already made all their eyes red.
Without a satisfying meal, they would not be able to ensure their combat capabilities after entering the Chaos Domain, and they would encounter even greater dangers.
Given this, having a hearty meal in Nanxiang became a reasonable option.
Thinking of this, Hachima An looked at Teraoka Chaoyi. Teraoka Chaoyi snorted coldly and headed alone towards the Nanxiang gathering place..


CHAPTER-175
Chapter 175: Huo Sheng’s Decision

At noon, the Nanxiang gathering place was very peaceful.
The people lit fires, cooked, and children played around, creating an atmosphere of tranquility and harmony.
It felt as if the Nanxiang gathering place was not in the Black Mist Zone but in some secluded paradise on Earth.
A month had passed since the last visit from Velo and the other Spirit Clan members.
During this month, Lu Ming diligently trained every day to guard against any danger that might come—but surprisingly, no danger had arisen.
However, Lu Ming dared not relax his guard.
On this day, right after lunch and as Lu Ming was about to take a nap, Huo Sheng came to visit.
In Lu Ming’s dining area, Huo Sheng joined him for a couple of bites of exotic beast meat before speaking,
“During this period of time, I’ve chatted a lot with Velo and the others, and I’ve obtained maps of the nearby areas.”
Unfolding the map he brought, numerous complex lines caught Lu Ming’s eye.
These things would be incomprehensible just by looking at them, but fortunately, Huo Sheng was there to explain.
“We’re currently on Bear Mountain. With Bear Mountain as the center, above us is the undead Blood Flame Division, further up is the original territory of the Spirit Clan, and the conflict zone between the Insect Clan and the Undead Clan.”
“Below us are the Lizard Territory, the Dragon Spirit Territory, and then the Black Feather Mountain—where the New Yorkers are. Further down is the territory of the Giant Clan.”
“To the right is an area called the Hundred Thousand Mountains.”
Huo Sheng pointed to the right and Lu Ming noticed a large blank space on that side.
“The Hundred Thousand Mountains cover an incredibly vast area. There are many smaller tribes within it, and there’s no ruling-level major tribes. Moreover, there are abundant resources and rampant exotic beasts within the Hundred Thousand Mountains. According to Velo, many groups that couldn’t survive outside have sought refuge there, living alongside the exotic beasts.”
Lu Ming nodded in understanding and saw Huo Sheng point to the left.
“This area is called the Chaotic Domain, a paradise for lawless madmen. The races and creatures living there have a chaotic and murderous nature, making it one of the few chaotic regions within the Black Mist Zone.”
“The focus is not on the other areas, but on the Hundred Thousand Mountains.”
“Now I have this idea.”
After saying that, Huo Sheng looked at Lu Ming and said solemnly, “Let’s move.”
Lu Ming was not fond of change.
For the former Lu Ming, moving was a taboo word.
However, since coming to the Black Mist Zone from Nanxiang, some of his thinking had changed.
He did not feel much attachment to this area around Bear Mountain, and he was not particularly fond of the house he was currently living in.
At this moment, when Huo Sheng mentioned moving, Lu Ming raised an eyebrow and gestured for him to continue.
Huo Sheng said, “My idea is that we move to the Hundred Thousand Mountains.”
With that said, Huo Sheng pointed at the map again.
“From our current position, we’re close to the Bloodflame Division of the Undead Clan, the Lizard Territory, and Black Feather Mountain. Further away are the threats of the Insect Clan, the Undead Clan, and the Giant Clan.”
“According to Velo, our area is on the edge of the Hundred Thousand Mountains, considered a desolate place. As a result, the major tribes nearby haven’t stationed many experts and troops here.”
“However, even though they’re not strong, there are Spirit Realm experts present. And they can easily contact higher-ups to call for reinforcements from the Source Realm experts!”
“Our current location is surrounded on all sides by enemies. Moreover, our identity as tribulation transcenders is too sensitive. Once these major tribes find out, we’ll definitely end up with one fate.”
After Huo Sheng had talked so much, he let Lu Ming have some time to think.
Lu Ming thought for a moment and frowned, “The Hundred Thousand Mountains…”
Huo Sheng said, “Exactly.”
“But as you mentioned, the Hundred Thousand Mountains are also filled with dangerous exotic beasts, making the danger within it also uncontrollable.”
Lu Ming was right. Huo Sheng spread his hands helplessly. “Choosing the lesser of two evils.”
And I’m also planning that once we move into the Hundred Thousand Mountains, we’ll immediately split ourselves up. Dividing into dozens or even hundreds of smaller groups, so that we won’t be wiped out in one go.”
“Oh, and Velo also gave me another suggestion.”
Huo Sheng stretched out his finger, pointing to the edge of the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
“He said that beyond the Hundred Thousand Mountains lies the territory of another super major tribe.”
“This tribe is called the Aeonians. Unlike the Insect clan and the Undead clan, the Aeonians are quite tolerant of tribulation transcenders…. They’ve had many precedents of sheltering contemporary tribulation transcenders before.”
“Therefore, I want to ask you for a favor…”
At this point, Huo Sheng paused and looked at Lu Ming solemnly.
“I’d like you to…”
However, before Huo Sheng could finish speaking, Lu Ming suddenly frowned.
Looking up, the faint sound of wings flapping came from the outside.
In the next second, screams suddenly erupted.
Before Huo Sheng could react, he felt a gust of wind blow past him. When he came back to his senses, Lu Ming had already disappeared from where he stood.
In the blink of an eye, Lu Ming had gone from the outdoor dining area to the source of the screams.
—Outside in the farmland.
In the area where the black rice grew, dozens of people were frantically running towards the Nanxiang gathering place in panic.
Raising his gaze even higher, Lu Ming clearly saw a strange creature with a pair of wings on its back and two horns on its head hovering overhead. It resembled a demon and was holding a survivor from Nanxiang, feasting on him greedily.
Its razor-sharp teeth plunged deep into the flesh.
With every tear from the demon, large chunks of flesh were ripped apart and blood poured down like pouring rain. Before Lu Ming could intervene, that Nanxiang survivor had already lost his life.
Killing someone right in front of Lu Ming.
This made Lu Ming frown deeply.
Staring at the great demon above his head that was also looking at him, Lu Ming quickly said in a low voice, “Zombie, you carry the aura of a zombie?”
The appearances of zombies were extremely varied, so it was not surprising that they could take on various forms.
Shin Kanazawa did not directly answer Lu Ming’s question. Instead, it looked at Lu Ming and spoke in a cold voice.
“You must be the expert that Yamamoto mentioned.”
As soon as it finished speaking, Shin Kanazawa flapped its wings and actually swooped towards Lu Ming!
The zombie coveted Lu Ming’s flesh and blood.
It was confident in its own strength.
At this moment, Shin Kanazawa’s gaze was ferocious and its desire to kill was rising!
Was Lu Ming very strong?
‘Perhaps…’
However, it was not weak either!
The demonic flames of hell covered its hands, transforming into corporeal sharp claws.
As it rushed, it roared, “Submit to me! Weakling!”
In an instant, Shin Kanazawa’s sharp claws slapped Lu Ming’s cheek!
However, just before that, a layer of pale blue armor had already covered every part of Lu Ming’s body, preempting Shin Kanazawa’s strike..
A dull thud resounded.
Shin Kanazawa’s confident strike shifted from extreme motion to extreme stillness, abruptly braking on the spot. The claw made of flames burst instantly, shattering into sparks that filled the air.
From the beginning to the end, Lu Ming did not move a muscle!
He merely looked at Shin Kanazawa, and soon, a realization flashed across his eyes.
“Nearly two months ago, a zombie arrived here.. You’re part of the same group, aren’t you?”


CHAPTER-176
Chapter 176: The Hunting Hour Has Begun!

Editor: Atlas Studios
One of the things that Lu Ming hated and worried about the most was that he had to deal with one after another, from the young to the old.
The example of the Black Feather Tribe came first – even though there were no further troubles from the Black Feather Tribe after that, it still remained a hidden danger.
And now, there were these zombies…
Two months ago, Lu Ming had killed Yuichiro Yamamoto. At that time, Lu Ming had not paid much attention to it, but now, another zombie had suddenly appeared. This made Lu Ming to link the two incidents together.
There was something very strange…
“Why aren’t you as strong as the previous one?”
It could not even break his Source Power Armor.
The intensity of the attacks seemed like a joke…
Unexpectedly, Lu Ming’s words deeply wounded Teraoka Asaichi’s sensitive heart!
As an otaku from before the apocalypse, it had immersed itself in the world of anime day and night.
After embarking on the path of devouring, the suppressed ambitions in its heart erupted like a volcano!
It was not inferior to others!
Angry flames roared and rose higher.
Fury seemed to be able to stimulate Teraoka Asaichi’s stronger strength, causing its body to become larger again. It grew to three meters tall, and the flames on its body burned even more fiercely!
“Then what about now?!”
It roared wildly and again struck with its Flame Demon Claw, smashing it straight at Lu Ming’s chest!
However, the outcome this time was no different from the last…
Currently, the three-dimensional attributes of Lu Ming in the Self-Limitation
State are:
Strength: 31984.5
Physique: 31984.4
Agility: 33795-2
Free Attribute Points: 16358
This strength was already far stronger than a Level 2 Physique Realm expert.
Coupled with his perfect-grade Source Power Armor, it provided astonishing defense capabilities.
This made the Level 2 Physique Realm Teraoka Asaichi completely helpless against Lu Ming!
If one were to dive deeper into the data.
Then it was probably…
Teraoka Asaichi used his killing move, the Flame Demon Claw.
It hit the target.
Lu Ming’s HP -0.
If his defense was not broken…
Like a bucket of cold water had been poured over his head, Teraoka Asaichi looked at the quiet Lu Ming in front of him and tilted its mouth.
What a monster…”
In the next second, a heavy punch hammered down on the top of Teraoka’s head.
With a bang, its head exploded like a watermelon.
In the distant mountain forest.
With the death of Teraoka Asaichi, a wisp of dark red flame suddenly appeared beside Yamanaka Hitomi in the mountain.
The flames distorted as it burned, forming bones, meridians, and muscles.
Soon, the naked Teraoka Asaichi appeared beside Yamanaka Hitomi again.
“Very strong.”
First, it evaluated Lu Ming’s strength. Then, it looked at his companion and said, “I’m indeed not his match.”
Fortunately, it was not fighting alone!
Before arriving at the Black Mist Zone, Yamamoto Yuichiro and the other three had not come into contact. However, after joining the Blood Flame Division, the higher-ups of the Undead Clan decided to let the four of them form a combat team to deal with the upcoming Heavenly Ascension Test.
One thing could be seen from this.
The abilities of the four people actually complemented each other to a certain extent.
Was Lu Ming strong?
“Very strong.”
Two months ago, Yamamoto Yuichiro had come looking for trouble with Lu Ming, but he ended up being killed by Lu Ming.
This was enough to prove Lu Ming’s strength.
If it was any of the four zombies, they would definitely not dare provoke Lu Ming.
However, now that the four of them were here, the nature of the situation had changed.
Teraoka Asaichi said again and again, “My flame regeneration ability has entered a cooldown period. I won’t have the ability to revive within a month. When I fight with that guy later on, I’ll be killed easily. Therefore, I’ll have to rely on all of you for the rest of the battle.”
With that said, Teraoka Asaichi opened its mouth and spat out a turbid stream of air.
The air condensed into a grayish gas cloud in front of it, slowly drifting to Yamanaka Hitomi.
This is Lu Ming’s aura. My mission is completed.”
In this four-man battle team, Teraoka Asaichi was the vanguard general.
With the rebirth ability in its hand, Teraoka Asaichi had the confidence to explore the nature of the enemy’s abilities at will and collect the enemy’s aura through direct contact.
Moreover, this aura could be used by Yamanaka Hitomi.
Yamanaka Hitomi reached out and grasped Lu Ming’s aura.
Then, Yamanaka Hitomi’s form instantly began to change!
Her original appearance was that of a delicate Japanese girl, but after entering her battle form, Yamanaka Hitomi immediately returned to her true appearance!
A strong putrid smell emanated from Yamanaka Hitomi.
One could clearly see Yamanaka Hitomi’s skin and flesh begin to age and decay.
Pus blood and boils kept appearing on her exposed skin, and her once silky hair also turned dry and yellow.
In the blink of an eye, the beautiful Yamanaka Hitomi turned into an old zombie…
“All!!”
A nightmarish moan escaped from Toko Yamanaka Hitomi’s mouth.
She raised her head and swallowed Lu Ming’s aura.
Yamanaka Hitomi, a zombie, at Level 1 Physique Realm, was the weakest among the four.
However, her ability was very special—she could curse the enemies remotely through their aura!
This curse was extremely vicious and had extremely powerful effects. Therefore, Yamanaka Hitomi named it the “Five Decay of a Celestial Being”!
In the next moment, Yamanaka Hitomi activated her ability!
Seeing Yamanaka Hitomi trembling all over, with the putrid smell intensifying, a smile appeared on Yamamoto Yuichiro’s face.
Yamamoto Yuichiro was at Level 4 of the Physique Realm. He could shatter anything with his Destructive Death Ray and was capable of harming even Level 9 experts of the Physique Realm!
It was also the spearhead in the group of four!
At this moment, Yamamoto Yuichiro could not help but fantasize.
Thinking that in at most an hour, Lu Ming’s entire body would fester and his combat strength would decrease greatly.
And he would end Lu Ming’s life with a Destructive Death Ray that would definitely not miss its target!
The flesh and blood of an expert would provide Yamamoto Yuichiro with new strength.
This was the transformation ability that he had long coveted, which could push Yamamoto Yuichiro’s strength to even greater heights.
Lost in his fantasies, Yamamoto suddenly heard the voice of Hachima An in the distance!
“Watch out behind you!!”
This voice came suddenly, startling Yamamoto Yuichiro. Before he could wake up from his daydream, it felt a sharp pain in its head.
In the next second, he did not know anything anymore…
The atmosphere suddenly fell silent.
Everyone turned their gaze toward Yamamoto Yuichiro.
It could be seen that at this moment, Yamamoto Yuichiro had already become a headless corpse.
Its head had been completely smashed.
The perpetrator was standing behind Yamamoto Yuichiro!
He was about 1.8 meters tall and he looked quite attractive with well-defined facial features. However, he always gave a sense of a deadpan expression.
It was Lu Ming!
It was also because Lu Ming had just launched a sneak attack on Yuichiro Yamamoto that Yuichiro Yamamoto did not even have the time to react. He tragically died under the human form that could not unleash his full strength at all!
After a short silence, Hachima An exclaimed, “You launched a sneak attack?!”
This statement was quite strange…
Who said that Lu Ming could not launch a sneak attack?
Moreover, what surprised Hachima An more was that Lu Ming’s movements were utterly silent. It did not sense Lu Ming’s aura at all. This was actually a characteristic of Lu Ming’s Self-Limitation State. Of course, there was no need to explain to this group of zombies.
Lu Ming gritted his teeth and glared at the group of zombies in front of him.
He said angrily, “I knew it!”
“I knew you disgusting bunch would not let me off!”
Just now, Lu Ming was wondering why Teraoka Asaichi’s strength was even weaker than Yamamoto Yuichiro’s at that time. This did not conform to the rule that younger individuals challenge their elders.
This made Lu Ming extremely careful. He activated his perception with all his might and successfully found the location of these zombies!
He did not have the intention to be passively countering their every move…
You are coming for me to lull me! If you want to lull me, I’ll have to lull you first! There’s nothing wrong with that!
Coincidentally, as Lu Ming discreetly arrived, he immediately recognized the creature that had caused him to lose an arm last time. This creature posed a considerable threat to Lu Ming.
Then he would have to finish it off with a Perfect-grade Exploding Fist…


CHAPTER-177
Chapter 177: The Eye of Void”

There was a saying that went: “A general may die before his victory is won, and this caused the hero’s tears to fall and wet his robe.”
In the wilderness outside Nanxiang gathering place.
Lu Ming faced the group of zombies head-on!
On one side, Lu Ming stood alone, his killing intent evident.
On the other side, the zombies were silent, each harboring their own thoughts.
To Lu Ming, this day was all about battle!
To the group of zombies, this battle could either be fought or fled from…
The formation of the four-person combat team had complementary abilities that, according to tests in the Blood Flame Department, could easily defeat stronger opponents at Level 4 or 5!
However, now, Yamamoto Yuichiro was the first to fall to the ground.
The spearhead of the four-man team had been broken…
The battle formation had not even been fully established yet, and it had collapsed. This made Hachima An and the other two feel their scalps go numb, not knowing what to do next…
But they did not need to think too much.
This was because the conflict between humans and zombies was a fundamental conflict. When the two sides met, they would definitely fight to the death!
And Lu Ming had always been straightforward!
“All of you must die!!”
A fierce voice suddenly exploded from Lu Ming’s mouth!
In the next second, Lu Ming’s body instantly enlarged, directly entering the Desperate State!
Countless streams of air gushed out of Lu Ming’s pores, enveloping the surroundings in a thin mist.
Underneath the mist, a 15-meter-tall giant with six arms and four eyes emerged. A faint blue glow representing the full activation of the Source Power Armor surrounded his body!
“All of you must die!!”
In the Desperate State, Lu Ming’s frenzied killing intent poured out.
He was furious.
Furious at the world’s malice towards him!
He hated it!
Hated the endless stream of enemies!
A law-abiding citizen.
Someone who had immersed himself in his own world, never harming others, a gentleman without any intentions to harm others – how had he been forced into such a dire situation?!
The sudden pain surging through his body further heightened Lu Ming’s frenzy.
Turning to look at the repulsive Yamanaka Hitomi, Lu Ming faintly sensed that the source of the pain in his body was coming from it!
The “Five Decay of a Celestial Being” had already taken effect.
This malicious curse would start with the physical body, gradually corrupting everything.
However… This was clearly a lengthy process.
“Then 1’11 start with you!”
He pulled his arm and bent his waist!
The Explosive Fist was about to unleash.
At the same time, Hachima An roared.
“Attack!”
There was no way to escape.
Once they had the intention to escape, they would definitely be defeated by Lu Ming one by one.
Now, they had no choice but to fight back.
However, Yamamoto Yuichiro was dead…
“Therefore, this is the only way…”
Hachima An had a thought.
His eyes instantly turned pitch-black.
A deep voice exploded from Hachima An’s mouth, entering Lu Ming’s ears as if possessing a certain magic, causing Lu Ming to involuntarily look into Hachima An’s eyes.
“Look me in the eyes!”
Hachima An said.
A vortex instantly appeared in his pitch-black eyes. The vortex was like a black hole sucking all of Lu Ming’s consciousness into it.
A strange scene unfolded.
Lu Ming was motionless.
In fact, Hachima An was the absolute core of this four zombies formation!
Firstly, Hachima An’s physical potential was terrifyingly high.
It entered the Black Mist Zone later than Yamamoto Yuichiro, but its strength was stronger than Yamamoto Yuichiro—Physique Realm Level 5! The absolute strongest among the Tokyo zombies!
Secondly, Hachima An possessed a particularly terrifying special ability!
Its special ability was called the Eye of Void.
If explained in gaming terms, the Eye of Void was an absolute form of control ability!
Those targeted by the Eye of Void would be completely trapped in a spiritual space and unable to free themselves!
To put it bluntly, they would temporarily turn into a vegetable, their spirit tormented endlessly by the void, while their physical body remained motionless!
As a cost, Hachima An also had to stay still to ensure the continued effect of the Eye of Void!
Of course, this was not a huge cost.
It could not move, but it still had teammates.
Hachima An’s Eye of Void and Yamamoto Yuichiro’s Destructive Death Ray were the decisive killing moves of this team!
The Eye of Void controlled the enemy, while the Destructive Death Ray obliterated the enemy’s physical body with unstoppable force. It was not an exaggeration to say that with these two abilities, Yamamoto and Hachima could easily defeat Level 9 Physique Realm experts…
But now, it was a bit awkward that… Yamamoto had been insta-killed.
The strongest Spear, the Death Ray was gone.
“It’s fine!”
Muttering like this, Hachima turned his head with great effort to look at Teraoka Asaichi and Yamanaka Hitomi.
“Teraoka, go and tear him apart!”
Teraoka nodded solemnly and the Flame Demon Claw appeared again.
Then Lu Ming’s life value hit 0.
In his Self-Limitation State, Teraoka could not even breakthrough Lu Ming’s defense. How could it hope to harm Lu Ming in his Desperate State?
“Still not a problem!”
Teraoka’s ineffective attack did not make Hachima An feel despair.
Locking eyes with Yamanaka Hitomi in the mountain, Hachima An said casually,
“Let’s just drag this out! We’ll just stall until the Five Decay Celestial Being takes full effect! 1 can still hold on for a few hours.”
Moreover…
As he spoke, a sinister glint flashed in Hachima An’s eyes.
“Those affected by the Eye of Void perceive time differently from normal people! A second here might feel like a whole day in their spiritual world! A few hours here could be decades there!”
“The long desolation will be enough to erode his consciousness, enough to make him collapse or even take his own life!”
“I have the advantage!”
The Eye of Void was not only for support.
It was also a killing move.
It was also a form of torture.
The moment he met Hachima An’s gaze, Lu Ming immediately felt his world spin.
In the next second, Lu Ming’s vision blurred and he found himself in a pure white space.
However, in fact… Lu Ming felt strangely familiar with this sensation.
After carefully pondering, Lu Ming suddenly understood….
“This feels somewhat similar to learning Source Power Skill and entering the
Source Power Skill Sealing Ball…”
Indeed…
As for the origin of the Source Power Skill Sealing Ball, Lu Ming did not know for now, the method to create it was a secret of the major clans.
However, from the looks of it, the technique to create the Source Power Skill Sealing Ball seemed to be related to the ability of Hachima An.
He would not delve deeper into this matter for now.
The focus was on…
“I’m still in battle!”
Being pulled into a place like this during battle, the danger was naturally self-evident.
Considering this, Lu Ming prepared to use his ultimate move!
“Explosive Fist!”
“Atomic Sword Technique!”
“Apocalypse!”
The Weapon Transformation Technique transformed into various weapons. Lu Ming waved his hand and used his three most powerful killing moves.
However, this space was indeed strange, rendering Lu Ming’s efforts completely futile.
This made Lu Ming frown deeply, but he was unwilling to give up just like that.
Only after spending an entire day in this place did Lu Ming finally stop and sit cross-legged on the ground.
“I’m trapped…”
However, he did not know that only a second had passed in the outside world..


CHAPTER-178
Chapter 178: Something’s Wrong…

“First of all, I couldn’t find a way to break free from this place.”
“I’m indeed trapped.”
“Secondly, I don’t feel hungry.”
“Therefore, staying here for a long time didn’t seem to affect my physical condition.”
“Lastly, 1 also didn’t sense anything wrong outside.”
“Perhaps those zombies on the other side couldn’t do anything to my body… or more likely, this place is like the Source Power Sealing Ball Space. The flow of time in the internal space is different from the external space…”
Although Lu Ming was not a very intelligent person, he could still summarize and analyze the information.
At the same time, Lu Ming was not someone who liked to make wild guesses.
Rather than making baseless connections to the future, Lu Ming preferred to grasp the present.
Since he was sure that he could not escape for the time being, Lu Ming had to find something to occupy his time with—after all, he did not know how long he would be trapped.
With this thought in mind, Lu Ming opened his attribute panel.
Attributes appeared before his eyes.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Mortal Realm, Level 2.
(Desperate State)
Strength: 319845
Physique: 319844
Agility: 337952.
Free Attribute Points: 16358
Transcendent Ability: Body Self-Limitation
(The Desperate State attribute was ten times the Self-Limitation State.)
Skills: Omitted.
Resistance Stance: (omitted).
Source Power Skills:
Basic Breathing Technique (Proficient) (786/10,000).
Explosive Fist (Perfect) (18,000/100,000).
Knight Body Forging Technique (Proficient) (1100/10000).
Source Power Armor (Perfect) (360,000/1,000,000).
Soldier Transformation Technique (Proficient) (135/10,000).
Feather Space Technique (Proficient) (1/10,000).
Gale Blade (Mastery) (10,000/100,000).
Great Dragon Spear (Mastery) (10,000/100,000).
Apocalypse (Proficient) (64/10,000).
Atomic Sword Technique (Proficient) (57/10,000).
Spirit Energy Bullet Rain (Master) (35,000/100,000).
Staring at his attributes, Lu Ming was suddenly stunned.
“Wait a minute, there’s been a change in skill proficiency!”
The proficiency of the Explosive Fist increased by 10,000, the proficiency of the Source Power Armor increased by 10,000, the Soldier Transformation Technique, Apocalypse, and the Atomic Sword Technique—three different Source Power Skills—all experienced varying degrees of proficiency.
Summarizing and analyzing the information.
“These are the Source Power Skills I used just now.”
Having spent a day trapped here, Lu Ming relentlessly attacked the space, employing the Source Power Skills mentioned earlier.
Therefore, a conclusion could be drawn that he could still farm skill proficiency here!
Considering the difference in time flow between this place and the outside world…
A bold idea suddenly occurred to Lu Ming.
“Well, since I have nothing better to do, why don’t I train?”
Since he had nothing else to do, training was the only option.
In the outside world, there was a constant thumping sound.
Hachima An and Yamanaka Hitomi did not move. One was maintaining the effect of the Eye of Void, the other fully activating the Five Decays of a Celestial Being.
The main source of the sound was Teraoka Asaichi.
Swinging his Flame Demon Claw, he kept scratching Lu Ming playfully. The claws struck the Source Power Armor protecting Lu Ming’s body, producing a crisp and pleasant sound akin to striking iron.
Teraoka Asaichi was growing more and more frustrated as he fought.
Damn it, the guy on the other side could not move at all, but his attacks were utterly ineffective against his opponent.
Humiliation!
Utter humiliation!
Very soon, after about a minute had passed…
Teraoka Asaichi suddenly noticed that the Source Power Armor on Lu Ming’s body collapsed instantly, disappearing without a trace!
His body rapidly shrank, unexpectedly returning to his Self-Limitation State…
However, the eerie thing was that…
A faint blue light seemed to emerge from within Lu Ming’s body…
Teraoka Asaichi did not know what this phenomenon meant, but one thing was very clear—Lu Ming’s Source Power Armor was gone!
His tortoise shell had shattered!
And this meant that the time for Teraoka Asaichi to exact revenge had arrived!
Raging flames burned fiercely and covered his arm. Teraoka Asaichi roared and unleashed the most powerful Flame Demon Claw attack he had ever made!
A crisp sound rang out.
The Flame Demon Claw successfully struck Lu Ming’s head.
However, what exploded was not Lu Ming’s head but Teraoka Asaichi’s claw instead.
It was evident that during the instant Teraoka Asaichi’s attack made contact with Lu Ming’s body…
A faint blue light suddenly emerged from Lu Ming’s cells.
This blue light not only protected Lu Ming’s safety but also carried an immense counterforce nearly equal in strength to Teragata Asaichi’s attack, forcefully surging into Teraoka Asaichi’s arm.
Teraoka Asaichi’s attack was strong but his defense was weak.
It could not withstand its full-force strike, so its arm was blown apart on the spot.
Teraoka Asaichi, who had lost his arm, stood rooted to the ground in a daze.
It did not understand why Lu Ming had become even harder even though his Source Power Armor was clearly gone…
Just then, the voice of Hachima An suddenly came from behind.
“Something’s wrong!”
“Something’s very wrong…”
Everyone looked at Hachima An and could see blood vessels pulsating beneath his skin.
It was as if a pump were extracting something from within Hachima An’s body, but no one knew where it was being funneled to.
At the same time, Yamanaka Hitomi’s aged voice also sounded.
“There’s indeed something wrong. The effect of my Five Decay Celestial Being is weakening… Why do I feel that this guy seems to have become stronger again?”
The people outside were utterly puzzled.
Lu Ming, who was in the void space, was fully aware of everything!
This was because his Source Power Skill, the Source Power Armor had advanced.
After experiencing 64 seconds in the outside world and 64 days in the void space, Lu Ming’s Source Power Armor had officially undergone a transformation!
Source Power Armor (Intricate) (1/10,000,000): The most fundamental Source Power Protection Secret Technique. You have cultivated the Source Power Armor to the realm of intricacy. From now on, your Source Power Armor will fuse with your cells, protecting you at all times and providing an extremely powerful backlash effect! All your attributes+2,000, and your free attribute points+2,000!
The skill level beyond the Perfect Realm was named Intricate!
It carried the meaning of minute subtlety!
This was a realm that was even more subtle than the Perfect Realm!
Lu Ming had such a feeling.
His Source Power Armor did not seem to be restricted to the form of armor!
With a thought, diamond-shaped crystals appeared around his body—like a shield protecting Lu Ming.
It was even to the extent that the boundless Source Power Armor had already transformed into cellular armor, providing continuous protection for every part of Lu Ming’s body, even down to each individual cell!
“Is this still the Source Power Armor?”
The Intricate Realm Source Power Armor seemed to have transcended the realm of armor, becoming peculiar yet even more powerful.
In comparison, the 1,000 points of attributes provided by Perfect Realm to Intricate Realm (increased from 1,000 to 2,000) seemed insignificant.
But the even more frightening aspect was…
There was a realm above the Intricate Realm!
Gazing at the notation (1/10,000,000), Lu Ming fell into deep thought.
He scanned the attribute panel from the corner of his eye.
Not only did Lu Ming see the notation for Explosive Fist (Perfect) (820,000/1,000,000).
He also spotted a line of strange text.
Superhuman Abilities:
1. Self-Limitation of the body.
2. Void Domain (Extracting) (Awakening)…
Lu Ming was utterly perplexed.
“What does this Void Realm mean?”
“Where did it come from?”


CHAPTER-179
Chapter 179: Hachima An: Perseverance Is Victory!

The most mysterious existence of Lu Ming was undoubtedly the system with an unknown origin.
This thing had an inscrutable origin, could not be traced, and was probably incomprehensible to anyone, including the principles behind its operation. The former World Tree could not replicate the system.
Even as the system’s owner, Lu Ming could not understand its principles.
All Lu Ming knew was that this thing could help him break through the limits of his physical body.
It could make Lu Ming quickly become stronger.
But, how did it help Lu Ming break through the limits of his physical body?
He had no idea.
At this moment, looking at the words of the Void Domain that had abruptly appeared, Lu Ming was extremely puzzled.
He could not imagine that the source of this thing was none other than Hachima An from outside!
Hachima An’s Eye of Void should be more accurately named Void Domain.
Of course, without the attribute panel and with Hachima An’s inability to fully develop this ability, he could only refer to it as the Eye of Void.
However, this was not important.
What was important was that when Hachima An activated the Eye of Void and dragged Lu Ming into the void space, a special connection was established between them.
After Lu Ming’s Source Power Skill Armor advanced to the Intricate Realm, the upgrade of his skill brought about an enhancement of his physical fitness.
One question.
Where did the energy for the enhancement of physical fitness come from?
The answer was from the outside world!
What Lu Ming did not know was that every time he experienced a surge in power, a large number of mystery factors floating in the air would be drawn into his body by the system, serving as energy to increase his strength!
This was the source of Lu Ming’s body’s ability to contain mystery factors far beyond his current level!
And now, Lu Ming’s Source Power Armor had advanced.
The system needed to extract energy to fill the gap in Lu Ming’s body.
Most of this energy still came from the mystery factors freely floating in the air. However, since Lu Ming had advanced within the void space, it also linked him with Hachima An.
This caused the system to inadvertently draw a portion of Hachima An’s energy and incorporate it into Lu Ming’s body!
Lu Ming did not possess the ability to extract other’s abilities.
However, under these various coincidences, this situation was validated.
This scene clearly could not be replicated.
Lu Ming and Hachima An had no clue about the principles and logic behind it at all.
Due to his personality, Lu Ming did not want to delve too deeply into questions for which he could not find answers—besides, it did not seem to be a bad thing anyway.
And Hachima, unaware of the current situation, naturally did not know that Lu Ming was extracting his blood and marrow.
Considering that once the Eye of Void ended, he and his group would no longer have a chance of survival against Lu Ming, he could only continue to maintain the current situation.
Seventeen seconds later.
Lu Ming’s Explosive Fist had reached the Intricate Realm!
Explosive Fist (Intricate) (1/10,000,000): Mortal Realm Source Power Skill. After mastering it, the lethality of the punch will greatly increase. You have cultivated the Explosive Fist to the intricate level. All your attributes+2,000! Your free attribute points+2,000!
Inside the void space.
When Lu Ming threw a punch, he immediately sensed the power of the Intricate Realm Explosive Fist!
It was the same as the Source Power Armor.
The transition from the Perfect Realm to the Intricate Realm was a fundamental change!
He could clearly perceive that when the power surged within his punch, every strand and thread of force within his fist seemed to obey Lu Ming’s command, much like his muscles did.
Even when the fist force left his body, this connection remained unbroken!
When Lu Ming threw a punch, the power of Intricate Realm Explosive Fist twisted and turned, seemingly like a living creature as it swirled around Lu Ming’s body!
Lu Ming said that line again…
“Is this still an Explosive Fist?”
It didn’t look like it anymore.
It really didn’t look like it…
In short, a qualitative change had occurred.
Looking at the Void Domain, he discovered that there were these notations, (Extracting) (Awakening) behind it.
“Well, then I’ll just continue…”
From the moment he entered this place until now, Lu Ming had already spent a total of 82 days.
This period was rather long, with no one around to chat with him. It felt as if he were confined to a solitary cell.
A normal person would surely go crazy.
Yet Lu Ming found solace in it.
He loved this environment!
It was a given, just keep practicing Explosive Fist!
In the outside world, Hachima An spat out a mouthful of blood. That sensation of being drawn away had resurfaced once again. More than a minute had passed.
“What’s going on?”
Hachima An could not figure out what was going on.
But one thing was very clear.
If he did not control Lu Ming, Lu Ming would have to control him.
It was a given, he had to persevere!
Perseverance is victory!
For Lu Ming, one regrettable aspect was that he did not have Cheng Cheng and Wei Lan with him in the void space. He could not gain daily attribute growth, and he could not raise the proficiency of cultivating Lv 46 (4000/4600).
Because of this, he could only cultivate Source Power Skills and Body Forging Technique here.
But cultivating was good enough.
Lu Ming had no reason to be dissatisfied.
However, Lu Ming had to make a plan and arrange what to cultivate.
“The cultivation of the Source Power Armor is simple. It would not affect the cultivation of other Source Power Skills.”
An increase of 10,000 proficiency points a day was definitely not a problem.
“So, along with Source Power Armor, i’ll start with cultivating Soldier Transformation Technique and Atomic Sword Technique.”
The cultivation of the Soldier Transformation Technique was not very convenient. It required Lu Ming to constantly generate and dissipate weapons in a cycle.
Since cultivating Soldier Transformation Technique was somewhat tedious, pairing it with the Body Realm Source Power Skill, Atomic Sword Technique, was a great choice.
Incidentally, the difficulty of practicing Body Realm Source Power Skills was much higher than that of Mortal Realm Source Power Skills. And being in the void space allowed Lu Ming to concentrate without being disturbed by the outside world. He did not even feel hungry or tired.
This allowed Lu Ming to focus and overcome the cultivation difficulties although he did not face much challenge in cultivation, with the help of the system in his body…
In the outside world, just ten seconds later, Hachima An spat out another mouthful of blood.
The sensation of being drawn reappeared, and it was even more fiercer and violent than before!
But what could Hachima An do?
There was nothing he could do, he could only continue to persevere…
Within the void space, Lu Ming’s Atomic Sword Technique had reached the proficient level!
All attributes+3,000!
The Void Domain was still displaying the notations, (Extracting) (Awakening)…
In the outside world, another forty seconds had passed.
Hachima An vomited blood again.
Lu Ming’s Soldier Transformation Technique had reached the Proficient level. All attributes+300!
The Void Domain was still displaying the notations, (Extracting) (Awakening)…
In the outside world, another minute had passed.
The intense sensation of being drawn away instantly caused Hachima An’s body to tremble, and his vision blurred!
He could not hold on any longer…
This was because Lu Ming’s Atomic Sword Technique had already reached the Perfect level!
All attributes+4,000!
However, the Void Domain was still displaying the notations, (Extracting) (Awakening)…
“Damn! What the hell is going on?!”
Generally speaking, experts had a certain instinctive ability to sense danger similar to an animal’s instinct.
At this moment, Hachima An deeply realized one thing.
The situation was dire.
It had to end the effect of the Eye of Void as soon as possible and release Lu Ming!
However, the problem was that if they let Lu Ming out, Lu Ming would twist their heads off one by one.
In any case, it seemed they were all doomed…
In the face of utter desperation, Hachima An took a deep breath, a sinister and ruthless glint flashing in its eyes.
“It’s better for you to die than me.”
He had made a decision!


CHAPTER-180
Chapter 180: Void Domain!

Just as Hachima An made the decision in that instant, inside the void, Lu Ming felt the entire space tremble!
Hachima An was preparing to cancel the effect of the Eye of Void.
In other words, he wanted to end Lu Ming’s good time!
All in all, it had only trapped Lu Ming for less than half a year…
This made Lu Ming curse angrily, “You useless piece of trash!”
Good times were always short.
However, Lu Ming disagreed with this brevity!
Lu Ming immediately ended his cultivation and sized up the Void space in front of him.
He had to find a way to stabilize this place—because this was indeed the greatest opportunity Lu Ming had encountered since the apocalypse!
Due to the difference in the flow of time, a second in the outside world was equivalent to a day in the Void Space.
This gave Lu Ming ample time to think about how to solve the problem.
About an hour later, Lu Ming seemed to have thought of something and got up from the ground to begin a new round of cultivation.
However, this time, he was not cultivating Source Power Skill.
It was the Knight Body Forging Technique!
Every move was executed precisely and neatly.
Lu Ming even had the mental capacity to contemplate the problem he was facing now.
After i entered this place and advanced my skills for the first time, the system panel displayed feedback as ‘Void Domain (Awakening)’.
This means that this place is called the Void Domain.
It also means that my forthcoming awakening of the second extraordinary ability is closely related to this place and the enhancement of my strength.
After that, every time i level up my skills, 1 can sense that my connection with this space is deepening.
The key is not the skill upgrades.
The key might be the attribute increase that comes with skill upgrades!
Therefore, lean conclude that increasing my three-dimensional attributes here deepens my connection with this place and promotes the awakening of the Void Domain.
Lu Ming could not understand the underlying principle.
But he looked at the essence through the phenomenon.
His speculation was probably not far off from the essence of the matter.
Before this, Lu Ming had been practicing Source Power Skills in this place.
However, this time, Lu Ming thought that if enhancing his physical attributes could deepen his connection to this place and promote the awakening of his second extraordinary ability, then why not try the high-frequency method of practicing Body Technique? Perhaps it could also solve his current dilemma.
Admittedly, Lu Ming’s approach had an element of gambling.
But isn’t experimentation a kind of gambling too?
Lu Ming needed half an hour to cultivate the Body Forging Technique.
Half an hour in the Void Space was only the blink of an eye in the outside world!
This time difference did not leave Hachima An any room to react at all!
In the outside world, Hachima An was just about to end the effect of the Eye of Void and release Lu Ming when he suddenly felt a weak suction force surge from the void.
It was as if something was being extracted from within his body.
This suction force was much weaker than before, and it did not make Hachima An cough up blood this time.
However, it was precisely because of this that Hachima An fell into a utterly desperate situation!
The Eye of Void ability linked Lu Ming and Hachima An together.
Each time Lu Ming became stronger in the Void Space, he would extract the energy from Hachima An’s body!
Originally, Lu Ming would extract energy every dozens of seconds to a minute, so there was still room for Hachima An to react.
But at this moment, he was extracted once in the blink of an eye. This led to an extremely terrifying outcome for Hachima An!
He could not stop the effect of the Eye of Void…
It was just like a person trying to focus on something, while a syringe was continuously drawing blood from his body. How could he focus in such circumstances?
As a result, visible to the naked eye, Hachima An’s body began to change.
The middle-aged man’s appearance rapidly aged, and his originally black hair gradually turned white.
He trembled and stiffened, his body twitching, but he could not control his torso at all.
At the same time, the black color representing the Eye of Void in its eyes slowly faded, causing its pupils to turn a miserable white!
Inside the Void Space, Lu Ming felt neither hunger nor fatigue.
He simply kept cultivating the Knight Body Forging Technique over and over again. Soon enough, he completed a total of four hundred rounds!
400 rounds of Knight Body Forging Technique meant 200 hours, which translated to 8 seconds in real time!
In the next second…
Hachima An suddenly gasped, emitting a strange groan.
In the next moment, Hachima An’s pupils shattered, its body swayed, and it fell flat to the ground.
The essence of life rapidly drained from its body.
It actually died on the spot like a dried-up corpse!
On the other side.
Yamanaka Hitomi and Teraoka Asaichi had no idea about the unfolding events.
They simply stared blankly at Hachima An’s bizarre death, utterly clueless about how to react!
Not far away, Lu Ming, who had been controlled for a few minutes, slowly opened his eyes.
At first, he was in a daze.
Being in the Void Space for over half a year was indeed a considerable amount of time.
But soon, the dazed feeling faded quickly, and Lu Ming remembered the events “half a year ago.”
He looked at Teraoka Asaichi, who was nearby, with a bewildered expression, then glanced at Hachima An collapsed on the ground in the distance, and further beyond, those feeble zombies.
Lu Ming frowned.
“Trash!”
Hachima An’s trash indirectly destroyed Lu Ming’s good times.
This made Lu Ming unable to vent his anger.
But soon, Lu Ming shook his head.
Ignoring the remaining zombies, Lu Ming opened the attribute panel first.
On the attribute panel, the new text attracted Lu Ming’s full attention!
Superhuman Abilities:
2: Void Domain (Beginner): This is a special ability that can break the rules of time and space! However, because of the current low level of your Void Domain, you can’t fully manifest the power of this ability!
When you use the Void Domain against an enemy, you can pull the consciousness of the viewer into the Void Space. The enemy’s body in the outside world cannot move, and the enemy’s consciousness in the Void Space will experience a terrifying time flow speed of 1 second = 1 day. During this period, you also cannot move, and the effect will last until your Source Power is depleted!
When you use the Void Domain on yourself, your consciousness can enter the Void Space, but the time flow speed in the Void Space will be the same as the outside world.
Lu Ming frowned.
The effects are different when used on enemies and on myself?
Then the value of this ability to me is low…
However, this was just the effect of the Novice Void Domain. Lu Ming could not help but look forward to how the Void Domain would perform at higher levels.
But, he did not know how to increase the level of the Void Domain…
Thoughts swirled in his mind. Soon, Lu Ming thought of the help the current Void Domain could bring him.
Can 1 use the Void Domain while sleeping to save time on cultivation?
It should be possible, but Lu Ming still had to verify the effect himself.
After using a few seconds to check his new ability, Lu Ming closed the system interface and looked at the remaining zombies again.
He smiled faintly, with a hint of kindness in his expression.
“It’s your turn..”


CHAPTER-181
Chapter 181: Follow-up

The conflict between humans and zombies was irreconcilable.
It was even more impossible for Lu Ming to let go of any zombie that coveted him!
Therefore, even when Lu Ming smiled and caused a look of despair on the faces of Teraoka Asaichi and Yamanaka Hitomi, he would not show the slightest hint of mercy. Their expressions were pleading, but it would not soften Lu Ming’s heart even a bit!
In his hands, he circulated the Soldier Transformation Technique and a
1.2-meter long sword emerged, grasped by Lu Ming.
Without another word, he directly swung his sword.
The sword light of the Atomic Sword Technique flew out like a crescent moon!
Lu Ming had already cultivated the Physique Realm Source Power Skill and Atomic Sword Technique to the perfect level.
In terms of power, there was an even greater difference between a Physique Realm Source Power Skill and a Mortal Realm Source Power Skill!
As the sword light swept across, everything on the scene seemed to freeze.
It could be clearly seen that under Lu Ming’s perfect realm control, the sword light slashed through the bodies of every zombie without missing a beat!
Everything seemed to freeze.
Lu Ming confidently sheathed his sword and turned to leave!
Only after Lu Ming had walked some distance away did a terrifying scene unfold upon all the zombies.
It could be clearly seen that the sword light, like maggots on bones, started to glow from the wounds!
The sword light of the Atomic Sword Technique clung and spread, gradually expanding to cover the entire bodies of every zombie.
Accompanied by a faint sound, these zombies covered in sword light were reduced to ashes, as if they had been completely incinerated like paper. Their bodies turned into ashes, drifting away with the wind until there was no trace left!
This was the terror of the Atomic Sword Technique on an atomic level, it could deliver an unstoppable and irreparable lethal blow!
Of course, there were factors of differing strengths at play.
u Ming’s high level of Atomic Sword Technique level was another reason. Due to the difficulty of cultivation, very few could actually reach the level of perfect mastery in the Physique Realm Source Power Skill…
In conclusion…
As the group of zombies turned to ashes, this incident could be considered briefly concluded.
The reason for saying “briefly concluded” was because after Lu Ming returned to the gathering place in Nanxiang, the aftermath of this incident immediately followed.
“This situation is quite complicated…’’
In Lu Ming’s small outdoor dining place, Velo frowned and said.
Lu Ming continued eating exotic beast meat to replenish his energy, while patiently waiting for Velo to continue.
Soon, he heard Velo speak again.
“The closest gathering place of the Undead Clan is the Blood Flame Division.”
No one here knew about the destruction of the Blood Flame Division.
“And those zombies from Tokyo have most likely been incorporated into the Blood Flame Division…”
“They’re tribulation transcenders and due to their significant value, neither the Blood Flame Division nor the Undead Clan will likely let this matter rest.”
This was the case of dealing with smaller problems before addressing bigger ones.
It could not be helped… This was the logic of how the world operated.
Regardless of who was right or wrong, if the ones were bullied, as long as the stronger side had some standing, they would retaliate – otherwise, how could they survive?
This was what Lu Ming was annoyed about!
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming could not help but ask,
“How strong is the Blood Flame Division?”
Velo smiled wryly. “They have a Spirit Realm expert overseeing things.”
Lu Ming s frustration instantly diminished.
According to the theory of attribute multiplication, even the weakest level nine Physique Realm expert in theory still had 25.6 million three-dimensional attributes that Lu Ming could not contend with no matter what!
There was even less of a need to mention Spirit Realm experts for Lu Ming at his current level, they were like towering mountains he could only look up to!
But could you say that Lu Ming was in the wrong?
Lu Ming was definitely not at fault.
If Lu Ming did not retaliate when the other party came knocking on his door, he would naturally face the consequences.
“So my suggestion is to relocate.” Huo Sheng interjected, taking over the conversation, and then looking at Lu Ming. “Our conversation was interrupted by those zombies earlier, and I think it’s necessary to reiterate my viewpoint.”
“Nanxiang relocates as a group and settles within the Hundred Thousand Mountains.”
Velo’s expression remained unchanged. As an outsider, he could not offer much advice to Huo Sheng. Given the current situation, Velo believed that moving into the Hundred Thousand Mountains was indeed a viable option.
Lu Ming had nothing much to say about this.
This place was not his original home, so moving was not too much of a burden for Lu Ming.
Lu Ming was troubled when he recalled Huo Sheng had mentioned before that he wanted to ask for his help… and about information related to the Aeonians.
“You’re not thinking of having me cross the Hundred Thousand Mountains to find the Aeonians, do you?”
Lu Ming did not mind about moving, but traversing the Hundred Thousand Mountains, that was something Lu Ming minded a lot!
He needed a stable environment to farm his attributes. Now that Bear
Mountain was surrounded by enemies on all sides, it was naturally not a pity to give up on the unstable environment.
However, in Lu Ming’s opinion, even if he continued to stay here, it was still more stable than crossing the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
It was not for nothing that the route was difficult!
Huo Sheng immediately smiled and said, “Where did you get that idea?”
He knew Lu Ming very well, so how could he propose something that Lu Ming would surely reject?
Thinking of this, Huo Sheng said softly.
“What I mean is that I want Brother Lu to lead the youngest, most promising, and most elite force from Nanxiang to establish a foothold within the Hundred Thousand Mountains so as to be the last flame of our Nanxiang people!”
Huo Sheng had previously mentioned that he intended to disband the current population of Nanxiang and reorganize them into a whole, not wanting to put all their eggs in one basket.
Lu Ming was the largest and safest basket Huo Sheng had prepared for the Nanxiang people.
Moreover, ever since he learned the secret of the Heaven Ascension Stairs, Huo Sheng knew very well that Lu Ming was definitely the greatest hope for Earthlings to ascend to the heavens.
It was even more impossible for him to put Lu Ming in danger!
Hearing Huo Sheng’s words, Lu Ming’s expression improved a lot.
He asked tentatively, “Then who will be the one to cross the Hundred Thousand Mountains?”
This statement meant that Lu Ming had already agreed to Huo Sheng’s arrangement.
Huo Sheng smiled bitterly and said, “Colonel Bai and Duan Mei… Who else could it be?”
The development of worldly affairs was always filled with chance and coincidence.
On this side, the Nanxiang gathering place had already begun preparations for relocation – completely unaware that llachima An and the others were deserters of the Blood Flame Division, which had long been destroyed by the Insect Clan.
They had no knowledge that because of the Queen of Blades, a battle between the Insect Clan and the Undead Clan was on the brink of erupting, with no time to concern themselves with the matters of Nanxiang.
Furthermore, they had no idea that the Giant Clan’s Prince llaolie had already started mobilizing his forces, calling for reinforcements and preparing to cross the Bear Mountain to join the battle between the Insect Clan and the Undead Clan – a real threat to the people of Nanxiang…
However, the threat was not considered significant.
This was because Nanxiang was too weak and held no hunting value, and the status of being a transcender was no longer important to these collaborators of the Mother Tree…
They also had no knowledge that while the major threat had subsided, some smaller threats had not.
At the foot of Black Feather Mountain.
Apelo walked out of Haolie’s grand tent with a gloomy expression.
The dim sunlight seemed to cast a shadow over Apelo’s entire being…
First, his ally had been caught in a romantic entanglement with their arch-enemies.
Then, he had sought an audience with llaolie, attempting to secure some Heavenly Stairs qualifications for the Black Feather Tribe – but he had greatly overestimated his own standing in Haolie’s eyes.
Yes, the Mother Tree was very impressive and could obtain the Heavenly Stairs qualifications.
But even Apelo’s own tribe had not been granted all the qualifications. How could he possibly give them to an outsider like you?
You, Black Feather Tribe, will fust have to wait.
As for when that will be, it was hard to say.
Apelo had a clear understanding of Haolie’s intentions, and upon returning to his residence, he carefully contemplated and made up his mind..


CHAPTER-182
Chapter 182: Relocation

“Heaven Ascension Stairs qualifications must not be missed!”
Looking at the dozen or so Black Feather Tribe members in the tent, Apelo said in a low voice.
The importance of the Heaven Ascension Stairs had already been reiterated countless times..
This thing was the only path to become a god!
And the significance of gods to a tribe needed no further explanation!
The large tribes that already had gods wanted more gods to ensure the longevity of their tribes.
As for small tribes without gods, they yearned to nurture a god in order to change their fate!
The Black Feather Tribe was currently under Hao Lie’s protection, and given Hao Lie’s temperament, he would surely safeguard the Black Feather Tribe and ensure the continuation of the Black Feather Tribe’s bloodline. However, how to safeguard and maintain it was not decided by the Black Feather Tribe but by Hao Lie!
In fact, it was common to see such small tribes sheltered by large tribes in the Black Mist Zone.
However, Apelo had only heard of small clans being wiped out every month and the clan members being scattered, never of a small tribe rising against the tide and dominating a region!
To put it bluntly, being dependent on others could only guarantee survival, not much else.
At this moment, Apelo, who had just lost his tribe, had no intention of accepting this fate. He hoped to lead his tribe to glory!
The only way was to obtain the Heaven Ascension Stairs qualifications.
But now, his request to Hao Lie for the Heaven Ascension Stairs qualifications had been rejected, leading Apelo to instantly think of another matter…
Twenty days away in the distance was another gathering place for tribulation transcenders – something he had never told Hao Lie.
At this point, he was even less likely to inform Hao Lie about it.
“We must rely on ourselves.”
Looking at the few members in the tribe, Apelo said.
Just as Apelo was about to say more, a voice suddenly sounded outside the tent.
Apelo walked out and saw Hao Lie’s personal guard.
The guard said, “The Black Feather Tribe members are to join the Third Legion immediately and head to the Blood Flame Swamp!”
After delivering the message, the guard turned around and left.
Such was the treatment of the vassal tribes – they served as cannon fodder in times of war and laborers in times of peace.
After all, the Giant Tribe protected them, so they have to repay them, right?
Apelo did not feel angry at hearing this message; instead he was secretly delighted.
“To go to the Blood Flame Swamp, we have to pass through the Bear Mountain. The Bear Mountain is where those tribulation transcenders are.”
It was on the way.
“When the time comes, I’ll find an excuse to go out, and then wouldn’t the Heaven Ascension Stairs qualifications be within my grasp?”
His plan was not entirely wrong…
But little did he know that on that afternoon, the Nanxiang gathering place had already initiated its relocation plan.
Lu Ming was not among the first batch to leave.
As a result, he still slept in his home at night—but this was definitely his last night here.
On the 126th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Night.
As soon as he lay on the bed, Lu Ming had already activated a new superpower: Void Realm!
The target was himself!
In a daze, Lu Ming felt his consciousness blur.for a moment. When he regained clarity, he found himself in that familiar pure white space.
Unlike the last time when he fell victim to Hachima An’s ambush, Lu Ming, as the initiator and master of the Void Realm Technique, had a much deeper understanding of this skill this time!
“The basic Void Realm is not very effective when used on oneself… The passage of time remains the same as in the outside world. The only effect is that it allows me to convert the time 1 used to sleep into practicing Source Power Skills or contemplating issues.”
Lu Ming was somewhat disappointed.
But he did not consider that this ability was not originally meant for personal use. It could be said that the nature of the Void Realm, a powerful ability, had changed somewhat in Lu Ming’s hands.
“However, the good news is that it won’t affect my rest and recovery here. Well, this is somewhat similar to the ancient games and novels 1 read before the apocalypse.”
In those games and novels, there was a concept of a holographic helmet or nutrition chamber that allowed players to rest and recover energy while playing games. Lu Ming’s current Void Realm had some similarities to those concepts.
After briefly summarizing the characteristics of this space, Lu Ming did not want to waste any more time.
He activated the Soldier Transformation Technique and a long sword fell into Lu Ming’s hand.
Amidst the surging sword energy, the Atomic Sword Technique was already in motion!
“In the future, I can schedule my cultivation of offensive Source Power skills to be in this Void Space. This will also save me from causing too much commotion outside.”
As Lu Ming’s strength increased, the momentum of his full-force cultivation in the outside world was naturally noticeable. Cultivating a Source Power Skill would cause an astonishing commotion. However, in the Void Space, Lu Ming could make as much noise as he wanted without any consequences.
Eight hours later.
On the 127th day of the Black Mist Calendar, at 6.00 AM, Lu Ming woke up, refreshed and on time.
The relocation work in the Nanxiang gathering place had been ongoing since yesterday afternoon and had not stopped for the entire night.
But the migration of more than 100,000 people was already a cumbersome process to begin with and had yet to be completed at this point.
Lu Ming even had the time to complete his daily exercise routine.
After lunch, many people had already left the Nanxiang gathering place.
Lu Ming, who had skipped his usual afternoon nap, wiped his mouth and left the restaurant with Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan, walking all the way to the entrance of the gathering place.
The three of them were carrying their packed belongings—but their luggage was minimal, mainly consisting of water and food.
This also meant that at this moment, Lu Ming was ready to leave this place where he had lived for over a hundred days.
Lu Ming walked out of the gathering place without looking back.
He did not feel much attachment towards this Nanxiang gathering place nor was he reluctant to leave this place as there was not much sense of belonging.
Among the three of them, there was no need to elaborate on Lu Ming’s strength. Cheng Cheng and Wei Lan had already reached the Awakening Mortal realm at Level nine and were working hard to cultivate body tempering techniques to break through to the Transcendent realm.
The three of them moved quickly, and in no time, they caught up with Huo Sheng, who was leading the way.
Seeing Lu Ming, the tired Huo Sheng managed a smile and quickly said.
“The Hundred Thousand Mountains are not far from us. It’s about a month’s journey. This is also to take care of the old, weak, women, and children in the rear. If experts move alone, their speed will be much faster.”
“So, my idea is that the Spirit Clan members, Colonel Bai, and other strong individuals will be responsible for clearing the way ahead and entering the Hundred Thousand Mountains to choose our foothold. 1 wonder if Brother Lu is interested in this matter?”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and nodded, “I’m very interested. I’ll go too.”
Previously, Huo Sheng had mentioned that he was prepared to split the main force into hundreds of small gathering places.
The smaller the target, the less danger it would attract.
Lu Ming had also promised to bring some people along.
Therefore, after entering the Hundred Thousand Mountains, Lu Ming would bring some people to establish their own foothold.
At this moment, he naturally wanted to head to the Hundred Thousand Mountains in advance to find a favorable location.
Constantly relocating would also have a huge impact on Lu Ming’s life. Since he had already decided to settle in the Hundred Thousand Mountains, he would not be moving again in the short term.
Therefore, he naturally wanted to find a place that satisfied him.
Lu Ming felt that there was a necessity for him to personally take part in this matter..


CHAPTER-183
Chapter 183: Archean City

With their bags and belongings, Lu Ming, along with Chengcheng and Wei Lan, hit the road.
The three of them were exceptionally fast on their feet, and by late afternoon, they had already caught up with the small group of people at the front of the convoy—Bai Tianyu, Duan Mei, and the experts of the Spirit Clan.
Lu Ming was no longer in a hurry to travel. After meeting up with them, he set up camp right there.
After dinner, he rested early.
On the 128th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Early in the morning, Lu Ming woke up. He did not even do his daily exercises yet, and was about to prepare to set off when he was stopped by Velo.
“Take my granddaughter with you.”
Velo smiled and brought Fala over to Lu Ming.
“We need a guide, right?”
Looking at Fala’s slightly shy face, Lu Ming did not think too much about it. He simply nodded and said, “Indeed, we should bring a guide.”
So, Fala joined Lu Ming’s team.
The Black Mist Zone was vast and boundless, and its landscapes varied.
The Bear Mountain area was barren and desolate, with rugged boulders.
However, after walking out of the Bear Mountain area, they entered a vast and boundless grassland.
Black grass-like plants grew on the ground, emitting a peculiar scent that could not be described as either pleasant or foul. In addition, there were dark-colored herbivores that looked like sheep and cows roaming the grassland.
The significance of a guide was manifested at this moment.
“The Black Grass Plains, while not a desolate wasteland, is not a dangerous place. It’s just purely barren and lacks resources. It can’t support the survival of intelligent species.”
Fala explained and then added, “The black grass growing here is a crop without any value. It’s inedible and is rich in a type of chronic poison. The creatures who eat it will experience a slow but irreversible decline in strength.”
Fala pointed at the cows and sheep in the distance. “These creatures consume black grass for a long time, causing their strength to be weak and they can’t even enter the level. Moreover, because of the black grass, their flesh is also filled with that slow poison.”
To put it bluntly, they could not be eaten.
“The same goes for water sources.”
Lu Ming nodded in understanding. “Then let’s speed up.”
Everything was as Fala had said.
Although the Black Grassland was vast and gloomy, it was not particularly dangerous.
The dim sunlight of the Black Mist Zone seemed to cast a thin veil over the plains.
The creatures living here seemed to understand that they were considered detestable by others—they were not afraid of other creatures.
On the contrary, when some unique-looking small animals saw Lu Ming and the others, they intimately stuck close to them. Their ugly appearance caused the three women to scream, but it made Lu Ming smile as he found them interesting.
Truth be told, Lu Ming had never ventured far from home.
Traveling and sightseeing were completely unrelated to Lu Ming at any point in his life.
He had never longed for the beauty of the outside world.
However, because of this relocation, Lu Ming had left home and was now heading to a distant place. The company of the three women gave him such a feeling…
Perhaps, the outside world was not as bad as he had thought….
That night, lying on the Black Grass Plains, Lu Ming rested his head on his hands and looked up at the night sky.
The dim and gloomy sky, tinged with black and gray, was not particularly pleasing to the eye, but Lu Ming was somewhat intoxicated.
The fragrance of cooking wafted into his nose, mixed with the smell of the black grass, and it relaxed him, dispelling his fatigue.
After dinner, the few of them all settled down in their tents and fell asleep.
On the second day, they continued their journey at the same steady pace towards the direction of the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
Day 130 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming and the other three crossed the Black Grass Plains.
After crossing the Black Grass Plains, they were already getting closer to the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
Looking into the distance, they could already clearly see the boundless mountain range stretching out before them.
The mountains formed a continuous line, and as they looked further into the distance, they could see the hazy mist swirling within the mountains, like a veiled maiden, leaving room for endless imagination.
“Over there is the Hundred Thousand Mountains.”
“Once we enter the mountains, we’ll be in the territory of the Hundred Thousand Mountains,”
Fala said.
“I wonder how vast the Hundred Thousand Mountains is. The dangers and opportunities inside are endless. Not only is it a paradise for exotic beasts, but it’s also a paradise for explorers.”
“Someone once said that the supreme god spirit created the Black Mist Zone. In the beginning, the ruler of the Black Mist Zone was an exotic beast.”
“Later on, because of the appearance of the tribulation transcenders, conflicts occurred between the foreign tribulation transcenders and the exotic beasts. The outcome of the conflicts ended with the tribulation transcenders winning. Under the lead of the beast king, the exotic beasts moved into the Hundred Thousand Mountains in large numbers.”
With that said, Fala tilted her head and pursed her lips in thought. Soon, she said, “I think this statement might be made up. This is because we’ve already confirmed that the exotic beasts in the Hundred Thousand Mountains don’t have a decent organization. They’re no different from the exotic beasts in the outside world.”
“Therefore, beast kings clearly don’t exist.”
“Of course, in view of the environment in the Hundred Thousand Mountains, the exotic beasts inside are generally stronger than those outside. However, if you only live in the periphery, the strength of the exotic beasts there is also limited.”
As soon as Fala finished speaking, Cheng Cheng continued, “But you just said that other than exotic beasts, there are also explorers here, right?”
Fala nodded.
“This also means that if we walk deeper into the Hundred Thousand Mountains, we’ll encounter danger from exotic beasts. If we stay at the edge of the Hundred Thousand Mountains, we’ll similarly encounter danger from explorers.”
The danger brought by intelligent creatures was not much weaker than natural danger.
Fala thought briefly and nodded, “Indeed.”
“However, how can there not be dangerous places in this Black Mist Zone?”
As the girls chatted, Lu Ming looked into the distance with a deep gaze.
After Fala finished speaking, Lu Ming raised his hand and pointed. “There’s a city over there.”
Fala was slightly stunned, as if she did not expect Lu Ming to be able to see so far.
Then, she nodded gently, “Yes, that’s Archean City.”
“The only city outside the Hundred Thousand Mountains.”
“Archean City doesn’t belong to any race or faction.”
Previously, it had been said that some races that could not survive outside would burrow into the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
It was also said that there were many opportunities in the Hundred Thousand Mountains that attracted many explorers.
The origin of this Archean City could no longer be traced. It might have been built by a race that had entered the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
As time passed, the races and explorers who came and went used Archean City as a resting place. Over time, the city had become a thriving hub, serving as a trading center for adventurers who returned with loot and for the local inhabitants living in the Hundred Thousand Mountains who needed a bridge to the outside world.
As time passed, Archean City became so prosperous.
Fala continued, “Although Archean City doesn’t belong to any racial faction, it does have its rulers inside. I heard from my grandfather that it’s very chaotic inside. Therefore, our route doesn’t include a stop at Archean City.”
Due to the existence of the Mother Tree, it was unlikely that the large clans would have any interest in the Tribulation Transcenders.
However, some solitary travelers and small clans, upon seeing the Tribulation Transcenders would not let them off easily.
In short, there was no reason for them to have any dealings with Archean City during this relocation. It was best to avoid it altogether.
Lu Ming understood and retracted his gaze, no longer looking at Archean City.
He said softly, “Let’s go into the mountains..”


CHAPTER-184
Chapter 184: The Flame Clan Ruins

Archean City was the only city near the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
As the only resource gathering place outside the Hundred Thousand Mountains, countless people from all walks of life gathered here!
These so-called people from all walks of life had a more appealing name: explorers.
However, in the Black Mist Zone, explorers were essentially considered outlaws.
The intelligent creatures within the Black Mist Zone usually preferred to gather in groups—the principle that there was strength in numbers which held true everywhere.
However, there were always a few individuals who were unwilling to be restricted by the rules of their groups or had committed unforgivable offenses within their communities, leading to their exile and survival on their own.
Such people were very common in the chaotic region.
And Archean City was no exception.
They pursued dreams of freedom or wealth, willingly throwing themselves into the perilous Hundred Thousand Mountains, either for survival, power, or ambition!
During this period of time, a piece of news began circulating in Archean City.
“Have you heard? There have been sightings of the Flame Clan ruins within the Hundred Thousand Mountains recently, and it’s not just a single ruin, but a sizable group of ruins.”
“Tsk, this news of yours is long outdated. Let me tell you, the ruins of the Flame Clan are indeed true. Not only that, but the members of the Heaven Saber Gang also brought back several Spirit Realm Source Power Skills from those ruins!”
“Spirit Realm Source Power Skills? Really?!”
“It’s as real as it gets. Let me tell you, the grandson of my uncle’s brother’s second aunt is the subordinate of the young master of the Heaven Saber Gang. At that time, my relative had personally experienced it. How could he lie to me?”
One statement caused quite a stir.
Indeed, the recent ruins of the Flame Clan ruins were an unavoidable topic in Archean City.
Another person spoke up in a melodious voice, saying, “Speaking of the Flame Clan, they were once one of the top super clans in their prime! In terms of strength during their peak, they were second only to the Aeonians, even surpassing the Insect Clan and the Undead Clan!”
“However, during a certain major calamity some time ago, the seven gods of the Flame Clan chose the wrong side, and were besieged and wiped out by other divine beings!”
“Without the protection of the gods, the Flame Clan, fearing retaliation, relocated their entire clan to the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
Unfortunately, after several generations, information about the Flame Clan slowly decreased, and now the Flame Clan has become history…”
After hearing this long speech, the people in the tavern let out sighs of regret.
However, some individuals seemed to be deep in thought as they settled their bills and left.
The ruins of a once-prominent clan…
How extraordinary could the opportunities inside be!?
In fact, a few days ago, someone had begun to spread this news in Archean City.
Initially, most people did not take it seriously. However, after the Heaven Saber Gang, one of the top factions in Archean City, publicly endorsed the existence of the Flame Clan ruins, it became a fact!
Who were the people living in Archean City?
People who wanted money more than their lives!
Even though the Hundred Thousand Mountains were filled with danger, before the news of the Flame Clan ruins, these explorers from Archean City dared to venture into them. Now, there was even less reason to hold them back.
On the 130th night of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming had already entered the Hundred Thousand Mountains with his three female companions.
The mountains were densely covered with trees, making the surroundings dimly lit, and the roads were arduous to navigate.
Occasionally, strange roars from beasts could be heard, but it was unclear which type of creatures were producing those sounds.
In any case, the resources in the Hundred Thousand Mountains were indeed abundant, with no lack of flora and fauna.
However, the environment was indeed harsh. Establishing a safe dwelling here would be quite challenging.
“Water. Water is the most important thing.”
Lu Ming muttered and began to make plans in his heart.
“Therefore, the location of our gathering place must be near a water source.”
“Next is security. I need to ensure that there are no threats from nearby exotic beasts that could endanger my life.”
“Lastly, food. The food problem is easy to resolve. There’s no lack of exotic beasts in these mountains.”
There were many locations in the Hundred Thousand Mountains that met these three criteria.
However, Lu Ming was a perfectionist, hoping to find a hidden and comfortable place to live, which was a more subjective matter.
For the time being, he could only look around and try to find.
That night, Lu Ming briefly explained his logic for selecting a location, and obtained the approval of Cheng Cheng and Wei Lan. However, Fala thought for a moment and suggested,
“Why don’t we look for something ready-made?”
Lu Ming raised an eyebrow, “Ready-made?”
Fala nodded, “Yes, like those abandoned gathering points. There are many of them in the Hundred Thousand Mountains—some were destroyed by exotic beasts, while others were abandoned by the people.”
“Anyway, the turnover of groups within the Hundred Thousand Mountains is rapid. Some come in like us, while many can’t stay and leave or perish directly. But whether they leave or perish, they can’t take their houses with them, right?”
After hearing Fala’s suggestion, Lu Ming fell into deep thought.
A moment later, Lu Ming nodded, “Your idea has some merit.”
Seeing Lu Ming nod in agreement with her idea, Fara smiled and said, “Coincidentally, 1 know there’s an abandoned campsite nearby. Should we go and check it out?”
Velo’s life had not been filled with grand adventures, but he had experienced quite a bit. He had been to the Hundred Thousand Mountains before, and all the information that Fala knew was previously shared with her by Velo.
Lu Ming nodded again, saying, “Let’s go then!”
By now, the sky was already dark. Lu Ming had initially been prepared to camp outside. However, the dangers of camping in the open within the Hundred Thousand Mountains were not insignificant.
It would be better to find an abandoned campsite to spend the night.
As for whether they would choose the abandoned campsite as their residence for the near future, that was a matter for later, and there was no need to make that decision now.
After walking deeper into the Hundred Thousand Mountains for nearly two hours, the four of them arrived at the abandoned campsite that Fala had mentioned.
However, the campsite was illuminated by clear flickering flames, causing Lu Ming to frown slightly.
Fala was also perplexed by the sight….
According to her grandfather, this place should have been completely deserted.
Before the four of them could react, a patrolman nearby had already spotted them.
After confirming repeatedly that they were not beasts, the alien patrolman who had gray-skinned and pointed ears, spoke in a deep voice,
“Are you here to find the Flame Clan’s ruins too?”
The four of them wore puzzled expressions, but Fala responded with a simple “yes.” The patrolman continued, “Since you’re all explorers from Archean City, then come on in. However, according to the rules, one of you has to be in charge of patrolling.”
This rule was not specific to this abandoned gathering place.
Instead, it was an unwritten rule among the explorers of Archean City.
Fala rolled her eyes and quietly went forward. After slipping a few Origin Stones into the patrolman’s hand, there was no more mention of the patrolling.
After watching the alien patrolman walk away, Fala returned to Lu Ming’s side. The tall girl, tugging at her own hair, said in distress, “I wonder what’s going on. Why are there so many people here?”
She then looked at Lu Ming and asked, “Brother Lu, should we still go inside?”
Lu Ming looked at the sky.
It was already midnight.
He nodded and said, “Let’s go inside and rest for the night..”


CHAPTER-185
Chapter 185: Temporary Residence

They put on black robes that could cover their entire bodies.
The four of them entered the abandoned gathering place.
They discovered that there were a total of 180 people inside. Everyone had different races and appearances. Some were already sleeping soundly, and some were sitting around the fire and talking nonsense.
As his gaze swept around, Lu Ming felt a bit relieved.
Although the strength of the 800 people in this camp was not bad, there were no Physique Realm experts among them…
That made sense. Physique Realm experts were the strongest among the small tribes like the Spirit Clan. While they could be seen everywhere in large tribes, they were not common outside.
The people in the camp also looked at Lu Ming and his group, but quickly lost interest.
The people who had experienced the tribulation had not appeared for a thousand years, and these outlaws were not as well-informed as the large tribes, so they did not even consider the possibility of Tribulation Transcenders.
It was even to the extent that after Fala revealed her strength at the Level Nine Mortal Realm, the four of them were given a relatively clean room for resting.
Lu Ming was not in a hurry to sleep under the night sky. With strangers around, Lu Ming could not sleep well. So, he just sat on the ground and closed his eyes to rest.
During this time, Fala went out for a moment and quickly returned.
“It’s about the ruins.”
“It’s said that the ruins of the Flame Clan have appeared in the Hundred Thousand Mountains!”
First, she explained to Lu Ming and the other two what the Flame Clan was. Then, Fala said, “The ruins are the inheritance ground of the clan.”
Other than having gods, large clans also had inheritances.
Inheritance was undoubtedly a very important thing to clans.
In the Black Mist Zone, large clans with some strength would create secret realms or something like that to be used for impartation and storage. There were too many specific types of secret realms, so Fala did not go into details.
She simply said, “There’s a high chance that some opportunities will appear in the ruins. Originally, these were prepared for the descendants of their tribe, but if the tribe is destroyed and its bloodline is severed, these opportunities naturally fall into the hands of those who are destined to receive them.”
“There are many tribes that have been exterminated in the Hundred Thousand Mountains. As a result, there are also many ruins within the region.”
“Besides the exotic beasts and precious herbs in the Hundred Thousand Mountains, the many ruins are also one of the reasons why people are drawn to the region.”
Lu Ming recalled the words of the gray-skinned man from earlier and could not help but furrow his brow.
Lu Ming had no intention of searching for treasure. He just felt that it would be troublesome…
“Where are the ruins of the Flame Clan?”
Once he found out where it was, he could avoid that direction.
It made sense!
Fala shook her head, “I don’t know. The people outside don’t know either.”
“According to their information, they only know that the Flame Clan’s ruins are in the nearby area. Moreover, it’s a large group of ruins. However, no one knows the exact location.”
“They even invited me to go look for it with them tomorrow, but I declined.”
Fala’s refusal was a good choice.
Lu Ming would definitely not get involved in this matter.
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming could only say, “Let’s rest here for the night and continue deeper into the Hundred Thousand Mountains tomorrow. Try to stay away from this area as much as possible.”
The three women immediately nodded.
Everything was according to Lu Ming’s wishes.
The night passed uneventfully.
Day 131 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming and the others got up early, without interacting with anyone, and set off on their own to head deeper into the Hundred Thousand Mountains to search for the Peach Blossom Spring that Lu Ming had taken a fancy to.
However, this task was proving to be quite difficult.
Three days of searching yielded no results.
It was not until the afternoon of the 135th day of the Black Mist Calendar that Lu Ming temporarily stopped searching.
Staring at the cave in front of him and then at the Level One Physique Realm exotic beast lying at his feet, Lu Ming thought for a moment and said.
“What do you think of this place?”
This was a low mountain with a relatively open view on the mountainside.
There was also an extremely large cave in the middle of the mountain, which was quite hidden.
At the foot of the mountain was a small stream, so there was no issue with a water source.
There were many exotic beasts nearby, but the strongest one had already died under Lu Ming’s punch.
Before fighting this Physique Realm exotic beast, Lu Ming had already observed the surrounding environment. This beast dominated this territory, and there were no challengers nearby.
Moreover, this beast was solitary and had no tribe, so killing it would not have any consequences.
In summary, all the necessary conditions were met.
As for whether Lu Ming was completely satisfied… Well, to be honest, he was not very satisfied. However, considering various factors, this place could be used.
“Let’s settle here…”
There was no need for anyone else to speak; Lu Ming made the decision once again.
The only place that would truly satisfy Lu Ming was his old house in Nanxiang.
But he could never go back there again…
In life, sometimes, even Lu Ming had to compromise.
Moreover, he had already wasted several days on the road searching. The cultivation segments during these past few days could only take place in the void space after he fell asleep. Lu Ming, who had lost a lot of attributes, was already starting to feel heartache.
The immediate priority was to settle down as soon as possible and return to a peaceful and quiet daily life.
As soon as Lu Ming finished speaking, Fara flipped her pocket and took out the communication stone. She roughly conveyed the location Lu Ming had chosen to the large group behind them.
Seven days later, on the 142nd day of the Black Mist Calendar.
After completing his daily exercises in the place he referred to as “Nanshan,” Lu Ming saw three figures approaching from a distance.
Huo Sheng, Velo, and Li Zitong.
After seven days, they had found the location where Lu Ming was.
Reuniting with old acquaintances, Lu Ming warmly treated them to a meal—the venue was at the entrance of the cave.
In addition to Fala, Zhang Chengcheng, and Wei Lan, there were a total of seven people eating.
While eating, they chatted.
Mainly, Huo Sheng did the talking, and everyone else listened.
“I brought Li Zitong to you first. With him around, it will be more convenient for you to build houses and cultivate the land.”
Back in Nanxiang, Li Zitong was Lu Ming’s subordinate. Now that he was back with Lu Ming, Li Zitong was on the verge of tears, feeling a sense of security!
His loyalty to Brother Lu was beyond question!
Lu Ming also smiled at Li Zitong and said politely, “From now on, I’ll leave the infrastructure work here to you.”
Li Zitong patted his chest hard, silently promising to do his best.
Huo Sheng continued, “Some of the follow-up troops had already entered the Hundred Thousand Mountains and found some decent places to temporarily settle down. Some of the experts are still exploring better locations. In addition, there were some who chose to stay on the Dusky Black Grasslands…”
Having said this, Huo Sheng could not help but sigh softly.
“Personal choices vary. There’s nothing we can do about it.”
The Black Grasslands were not a good place, but it was only for those with determination!
If someone willingly accepted a less challenging life, the Dusky Black Grasslands provided food, drink, and safety, making it quite suitable as a settlement.
Lu Ming had always respected the destinies of others, so he let Huo Sheng’s words pass.
Then, he said, “In a while, I’ll send Wang Xiong, Meng Jie, Zhang Lixin, and the other elders of Guangping Street over, as well as some young people with potential. The estimated number of people on your side will be around a hundred. Mr. Lu Ming, do you think that’s acceptable?”
The target of 100 people was not big, so Lu Ming felt that it was quite suitable.
Velo spoke at the right time, “I’m afraid my granddaughter and I will have to trouble Brother Lu Ming.”
Lu Ming nodded again, “Of course, no problem.”
With an experienced veteran like Velo, Lu Ming would not be ignorant when he encountered certain situations in the future..


CHAPTER-186
Chapter 186: Finally Settled

After lunch, Huo Sheng and Velo left first. Huo Sheng needed to oversee the overall situation in the rear, while Velo, a level three Physique Realm expert of the Spirit Clan, temporarily acted as Huo Sheng’s bodyguard.
After sending the two of them off, Lu Ming did not take an afternoon nap. He just led Li Zitong towards the cave at the back.
He really needed Li Zitong to help him tidy up this former beast lair.
The former overlord of South Mountain—the exotic beast, had a massive size.
This meant that the entrance of the cave was very large, nearly ten meters high.
As they walked into the cave, it became pitch dark. It was Lu Ming who took out a strange luminous stone that could glow and lit up Li Zitong’s vision.
This made Li Zitong click his tongue in wonder, “Brother Lu, this thing is quite impressive, it must be worth a lot, right?”
Cheng Cheng smiled and said, “What’s it worth? It’s just a common thing.”
In the supernatural world, anything that was not related to supernatural beings was just a toy and could not possibly be valuable.
The luminous stone in Lu Ming’s hand was such an item.
Holding the luminous stone, they walked deeper into the cave for about a hundred meters, and suddenly their field of vision opened up.
They saw a hidden paradise within the mountains!
After passing through the only passageway, they arrived at a large clearing of about ten acres.
The surrounding rock cliffs were embedded with naturally formed luminous stones.
There was also a dim sunlight streaming in through cracks in the upper rocky walls.
In the center of the clearing, there was a clear pool of water, and the water in the pool surged and bubbled, as if it were living water.
Li Zitong’s eyes suddenly lit up.
“Brother Lu, this place is not bad!”
It was indeed not bad—Lu Ming had not expected that there would be a hidden paradise inside the beast king’s lair.
Of course, this paradise was not particularly large.
However, its size was large enough for more than a hundred people to live comfortably.
Zhang Chengcheng seemed to want to praise Lu Ming’s judgment. She pointed at the pool in the middle and said, “This place is connected to a nearby stream, and the water quality is excellent, like a natural well.”
“We’ll save a lot of effort fetching water in the future.”
“There’s also an open area on the side of the mountain outside where the terrain is flat. Fala said that we can plant black rice and vegetables there.”
“Brother Lu’s idea is that this cave will be our future home, and we’re planning to build a small village inside the cave. Li Zitong, you’re a professional, so you should plan this place well and build some houses.”
Li Zitong nodded with a determined expression, “Leave it to me.”
He was not a professional house builder.
However, after playing around with earth-element superpowers for a long time, he had naturally become knowledgeable about such things.
First and foremost, was Lu Ming’s house—this was Li Zitong’s most important job.
However, this time, Lu Ming did not let Li Zitong do as he pleased.
He was actively involved in the process, helping Li Zitong design his future home.
“The area is about 120 square meters, with two floors above ground and one floor underground.”
“The layout of the first floor is…”
“The layout of the second floor is…”
“The layout of the basement is…”
“The entrance to the basement is in the bedroom on the first floor.”
“The house should have a small courtyard and an outdoor dining room…”
Lu Ming kept talking, and Li Zitong also listened attentively until Lu Ming finished speaking. Only then did Li Zitong realize, “Brother, isn’t this the layout of your house in Good Hope Village?”
Lu Ming smiled and nodded, “Exactly, that’s it!”
Lu Ming was not a particularly sentimental person.
But the old house from before was indeed a lingering attachment in his heart.
Li Zitong had no objections to Lu Ming’s requirements. Building the house the way Lu Ming wanted was not difficult.
On the other hand, Lu Ming’s words gave Li Zitong a good idea.
Looking at the Peach Blossom Paradise in the mountains, Li Zitong thought for a moment and asked, “Brother, do you think it’s feasible to make this place look like Guangping Street?”
Lu Ming clapped his hands and laughed, “That sounds great!”
Currently, Li Zitong had already reached the Ninth-level of the Mortal Realm. The strength of his Earth-element superpower had also reached a higher level. With Ninth-level Earth-element superpower, building houses was incredibly quick and efficient!
After finalizing the plan, Li Zitong immediately got to work. In just three hours, the entire cave abode in the mountain had been completely transformed!
The luminous stones on the rock walls and the sunlight shining through the cracks made the entire cave abode bright and clear.
Inside the residence, Lu Ming’s house was located by the poolside. Both its exterior and interior were identical to Lu Ming’s former home!
Outside Lu Ming’s house, the road created by his Earth-Element superpower connected in all directions. The familiar houses and shops made Lu Ming feel like he had returned to Guangping Street.
Lu Ming was becoming more and more satisfied as he looked around!
Entering his own home, it was quite empty inside, except for a stone bed where Lu Ming could rest.
Li Zitong, who was by his side, said, “We’ll settle the furniture when Brother
Xin comes! For now, Brother Lu, just make do with this.”
Zhang Lixin’s material manipulation ability made him an excellent furniture maker.
Lu Ming nodded in understanding, “It’s already sufficient.”
That night, Lu Ming slept well.
The next day, which was the 143rd day of the Black Mist Calendar, he woke up early and began to train.
In this way, Lu Ming regained a stable and peaceful life within the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
On the 145th day of the Black Mist Calendar, Huo Sheng arrived with his men. Wang Xiong, Zhang Lixin, Meng Jie, and the others were among them.
On that day, Zhang Lixin began to cut down trees to make furniture. By evening, the interior of Lu Ming’s house had already become 80% similar to the old house.
Wang Xiong also took over the responsibility from Lu Ming to oversee the overall renovation.
Everything was being done to create an environment for Brother Lu to farm his attributes without distractions or interruptions.
On the 146th day of the Black Mist Calendar, the farmland was cultivated and planted with black rice and vegetables. Wang Xiong led the way for hunting expeditions.
On the same evening, Huo Sheng led the large group of Nanxiang people into the Hundred Thousand Mountains, and their journey was relatively uneventful.
This also meant that the relocation of the Nanxiang people was successfully completed, and from this day forward, the Nanxiang people would have to make a living within the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
Lu Ming did not have much of an opinion about this.
Having food and a place to stay while leveling up was sufficient for him!
But, some people had different ideas about this matter, and significant ones at that!
On the 147th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Apelo followed the Third Legion of Giants to the vicinity of Bear Mountain.
The campsite was filled with banners and a sea of people.
Giant individuals, each four or five meters tall, were eating meat and drinking, having a grand time!
On this trip, the objective of the Third Legion was the old site of the Undead Clan Chaoshan Sect in the distance.
That place had already become a battlefield between the Insect Clan and the Undead Clan.
The goal of the Giant Clan was simple and crude—to participate in the battle and obtain more biomass in exchange for more qualifications to ascend to the heavens from the Mother Tree.
Apeio’s goal was different from the Third Legion.
In the central tent, Apelo met the commander of the Third Legion.
“Brother, I want to bring people out. The goal is…”
Before Apelo could even say the fabricated lie he had prepared, the commander of the Third Legion waved his hand.
“Go ahead, go ahead. Brother Apelo, When you’re with me, feel free to do as you please, don’t be restrained here!”
Apelo was Hao Lie’s sworn brother. Although Hao Lie did not take Apelo seriously, as an outsider, wouldn’t it be a slap to Hao Lie’s face if he did not take Apelo seriously?
Apelo was at the First Level of the Spirit Realm and was not considered an outstanding expert among the Spirit Realm individuals in the army.
Since that was the case, he might as well go ahead and do as he pleased…
Apelo instantly understood this logic and, after thanking the commander repeatedly, left the military camp with his people, heading towards the direction of Bear Mountain..


CHAPTER-187
Chapter 187: Death For The Sake Of Wealth

Apelo did not know the exact location of the Nanxiang Gathering Place.
But he could fly…
He could fly high and see far.
Soon, Apelo found his target.
He landed in the desolate ruins of the ancient city, looking for traces of life everywhere, but could not find any signs of life.
Apelo was silent for a long time before suddenly speaking.
“Search! Find them!!”
“Even if they’ve escaped to the ends of the earth, you have to find them!!”
It was no wonder that Apelo lost his composure on the spot.
Everything started with this Nanxiang Gathering Place…
Because the Black Feather Tribe knew of the existence of the Nanxiang Gathering Place, they sent their troops here, which ultimately provoked the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree then traced back to Black Feather Mountain and wiped out the entire Black Feather Tribe!
He originally thought that with the support of the Giant Clan, he could take revenge.
But little did he know that his allies and his greatest enemy would become entangled with each other during this time.
During this period of time, Apelo had undoubtedly experienced the most emotional turmoil!
He was extremely unlucky…
And now, when Apelo wanted to take advantage of an opportunity, he found that the opportunity had slipped through his fingers.
His pent-up anger erupted in an instant!
“I’m not just pursuing the qualifications to ascend to the heavens! I also want to vent my anger!”
“Wait till I find you! I’ll definitely tear you into pieces to vent the hatred in my heart!”
If Lu Ming was at the scene, he would surely say, “Brother, you brought this upon yourself. If you had been honest and straightforward, you wouldn’t have so many problems.”
However, Apelo clearly could not accept such reasoning….
In the Black Mist Zone, this was the way things were. The strong bullied the weak, and Apollo did not see anything wrong with it.
Soon, his subordinates found traces left behind by the Nanxiang people during their relocation.
Apelo thought briefly and had his answer.
“They’ve fled towards the Hundred Thousand Mountains!”
Then, with a wave of his hand, he commanded,
“Chase after them!”
Beside him, an old Black Feather Tribe member spoke softly, trying to persuade him,
“Chief, as the saying goes, don’t chase after a desperate enemy. We’re still serving in the military. Once we waste too much time on these tribulation transcenders, I’m worried that we won’t be able to explain ourselves to Hao Lie.”
Apelo angrily shouted, “Are you teaching me how to do things?!”
“Hao Lie and I are sworn brothers! So what if I disobey a military order?!”
Obviously, he was a little obsessed…
His subordinate no longer tried to persuade him and simply obeyed him, flying speedily towards the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
On the same day, in Archean City.
Due to the incident involving the Flame Clan ruins, Archean City had become quite lively recently.
A large number of low-level explorers flocked to the Hundred Thousand Mountains, dreaming of getting rich overnight.
But the matter of the Flame Clan ruins did not cause much disturbance to the upper echelons of Archean City.
This was because they knew very well that it was just a smokescreen released by the Heaven Saber Gang, shrouded in uncertainty.
Moreover, to the higher-ups of Archean City, there was another matter of great importance before them.
That was the position of the City Lord of Archean City!
As the only channel to the outside world for the Hundred Thousand Mountains, the interests in Archean City were immense!
However, due to various factors, the management of this place was in disarray.
Archean City was not limited to any specific tribe; it was a place where numerous tribes coexisted.
The ones who ruled Archean City were two gangs and one individual.
The two gangs were the Heaven Saber Gang and the Divine Dao Gang.
The strongest experts in the two gangs were both level nine Physique Realm experts!
And the individual was the former City Lord of Archean City, Roda!
Roda’s tribe was unknown. It was said that he had risen from obscurity and obtained opportunities in the Hundred Thousand Mountains to become a Spirit Realm expert!
In this small corner of Archean City.
A Spirit Realm expert was like a prehistoric giant crocodile!
Thirty years ago, Roda ruled Archaic City with the strength of the Spirit Realm. His overwhelming martial strength made everyone in the city submit to him!
To the Heaven Saber Gang and the Divine Dao Gang, it was fortunate that Roda was not someone who coveted power and wealth. After becoming the City Lord, Roda did not implement sweeping reforms but instead delegated a significant portion of his power to the two gangs.
He chose to focus on his own cultivation, repeatedly entering the Hundred Thousand Mountains in search of further opportunities. In other words, he was a martial maniac.
He only cared about cultivation and nothing else.
In the past few years, Roda would occasionally appear in Archean City, showing his face.
However, in the last decade, Roda had rarely been seen in public.
In fact, in the past three years, no one in the city had seen any trace of Roda. It was rumored that he might have died deep within the Hundred Thousand Mountains!
Due to Roda’s strength, the Heaven Saber Gang and the Divine Dao Gang initially avoided discussing this matter.
However, now the three-year deadline was up.
The higher-ups of the Heaven Saber Gang and the Divine Dao Gang were naturally tempted and coveted the position!
At the headquarters of the Heaven Saber Gang.
The gang leader, Jing Yi, was drinking tea and playing chess with his son, Jing Cong.
But neither of them had their minds on the chessboard.
It was not until the end of the round that the young Jing Cong was the first to lose his cool and asked, “Father, I don’t understand.”
Jing Yi asked calmly, “What don’t you understand?”
“I don’t understand why you fabricated a lie about the Flame Clan’s ruins, Father!”
“For these groundless Flame Clan ruins, our Heavenly Saber Gang spent a lot of time and effort. We even took out our trump card, the Great Scarlet Flame Saber!”
The Great Scarlet Flame Saber was a Spirit Realm Source Power Skill. It was a secret technique of the Heaven Saber Gang.
There was a hint of questioning in Jing Cong’s tone, but Jing Yi did not get angry.
He merely asked in a strange tone, “How do you know that the matter of theFlame Clan’s ruins is baseless?”
Jing Cong opened his mouth and was about to say that because of this series of news, he had been asked to do a series of things. However, he saw Jing Yi smile and wave his hand.
This made Jing Cong not say anything else.
Jing Yi was at level nine of the Physique Realm. Most importantly, he was as cunning as a fox.
Ever since he took over, the Heaven Saber Gang had defeated the Divine Dao Gang several times under his lead. Now, they had already vaguely suppressed the Divine Dao Gang and became the number one faction in Archean City, under the rule of City Lord Roda.
The atmosphere changed and became somewhat silent.
Until Jing Yi spoke again, “How many people have probably entered the Hundred Thousand Mountains?”
Jing Cong replied in a subdued tone, “No less than a hundred thousand.”
Jing Yi pondered for a moment and said, “In that case, it’s probably enough…”
Looking at his son’s confused expression, Jing Yi smiled, but a cunning glint flashed across his eyes.
He continued, “City Lord Roda has been missing for three years without a trace. This has caused unrest within Archean City, and we have been in constant conflict with the Divine Dao Gang!”
“If I want to sit on the throne of the City Lord or break through to the Spirit Realm to suppress the Divine Dao Gang— the tribulation to reach the Spirit Realm is incredibly difficult!”
“So, I can only seek an alternative, forcibly drive the Divine Dao Gang out of Archean City using the power of our faction!”
However, the strengths of both sides were evenly matched…
Jing Cong listened as Jing Yi added, “A few months ago, I encountered a merchant of the Undead Clan and bought from him a secret technique of the Undead Clan.”
“This secret technique can turn living creatures into zombies and make them obey my commands!”
Jing Cong grew increasingly astonished as he listened, until Jing Yi smiled and said, “If our Heaven Saber Gang has an additional hundred thousand Undead Soldiers, wouldn’t it be a breeze to go to war against the Divine Dao Gang?”
Upon hearing this, Jing Cong immediately looked at his father with admiration.
“Father, you’re truly a genius!”
This made Jing Yi laugh heartily and wave his hand.
“Go do your work.”
As Jing Cong obediently left, little did he know that Jing Yi was watching his retreating figure with a faint smile, and there seemed to be a different charm in his smile..


CHAPTER-188
Chapter 188: Well, Isn’t This It?

On the 148th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Apelo led his clansmen deep into the Black Grasslands.
On these black grasslands, Apelo saw the Nanxiang people who had settled here, and his expression twitched in pain!
This was because those who had undergone tribulation, after being poisoned by the black grass had already been tainted and could not be used…
Helpless, Apelo could only lead his clansmen to continue pursuing in the direction of the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
On the 149th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Apelo led his clansmen to Archean City.
In the ancient city of Archean, Apelo did not find any traces of the Nanxiang people.He concluded that the Nanxiang people did not pass through the ancient city of Archean but had entered the Hundred Thousand Mountains directly.
Day 150 of the Black Mist Calendar.
After a brief rest in Archean City, Apelo led his clansmen into the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
He had also heard the news of the Flame Clan’s ruins in Archean City, but Apelo had seen too many of such baseless rumors.
His goal for this trip was clear. He wanted to capture those who had undergone the tribulation and obtain the qualifications to ascend to the heavens. So, he did not take the matter of the Flame Clan ruins to heart at all.
Day 151 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Just as Apelo was still searching for the Nanxiang people, Jing Yi’s plan from the Heaven Saber Gang had already arrived at a critical juncture!
On that day, at noon.
The 10,000 members of the Heaven Saber Gang gathered outside the city, and their formation was majestic but somewhat disorganized. It was not an exaggeration to say that they were a mob.
Only Jing Yi and Jing Cong from the nearby gang members, looked somewhat elite.
Jing Yi and Jing Cong’s races were unknown. From their appearances, they looked somewhat similar to humans. However, they were much taller, with a height of about two meters. They had well-defined facial features, and a handsome appearance, indicating a good bloodline.
Among them, Jing Yi was at level nine of the Physique Realm.
At the age of 18, Jing Cong already had the strength of the third level of the Physique Realm—among the young generation of Archean City, Jing Cong was undoubtedly a remarkable figure!
Seeing that the gang members had already gathered, Jing Yi waved his hand.
Jing Cong shouted loudly, “The time has come! Brothers, let’s go!”
As soon as he finished speaking, the members of the Heaven Saber Gang advanced majestically, heading towards the Hundred Thousand Mountains. However, another voice sounded from the city.
“Brother Jing, you’re making such a big fuss. It seems that you have big plans…” A familiar voice made the father and son, Jing Yi and Jing Cong turn around, and they saw 6,000 to 7,000 people walking out of the city gate in a massive procession. At the forefront was an elderly dwarf.
The dwarf was about one meter tall, had green skin, and a pointed nose.
His large eyes were sharp and intelligent, giving him a shrewd appearance.
This person was the leader of the Divine Dao Gang: Meijixi.
At this moment, when he heard the hidden meaning in Meijixi’s words, Jing Yi smiled.
“It’s nothing more than the matter of the Flame Clan ruins… Why, Is it possible that my old friend doesn’t know about this? Recently, this matter has spread like wildfire in our Archean City.”
Meijixi was annoyed, but he did not show it on his face.
He knew in his heart that the matter of the Flame Clan ruins was completely fake and was purely a smokescreen released by Jing Yi.
However, no matter how he thought about it, he could not figure out Jing Yi’s true intentions.
As a result, just as the Heaven Saber Gang was about to set off today, Meijixi directly brought people over.
He just wanted to follow and see for himself what Jing Yi was really up to!
“I’ve heard about the Flame Clan ruins. However, I’ve been struggling to find the exact location of the Flame Clan ruins.”
With a raised eyebrow, Meijixi continued, “What? Does my dear brother mean to say that you’ve found the location of the Flame Clan ruins?”
Before Jing Yi could say anything, Meijixi smiled and said, “Then Old Brother me, will have to go take a look and see how magnificent and majestic this Flame Clan ruins are!”
Jing Cong frowned.
He felt that this matter could not be disturbed by the Divine Dao Gang.
Just as he was about to say something, he heard his father chuckle, “Sure! It’s rare for my dear old brother to be in the mood. Why don’t we go take a look together?”
Jing Cong and Meijixi were both stunned.
They did not understand what Jing Yi was planning.
However, Jing Yi did not explain much. He just turned around and led his gang members away.
On the spot, Mejixi’s expression was uncertain.
After a long time, he waved his hand.
“Follow them!”
As the local powers of Archean City, Jing Yi and Meijixi, the Heaven Saber Gang and the Divine Dao Gang, were very familiar with the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
A group of nearly 20,000 people entered the Hundred Thousand Mountains in a grand procession, with a large number of Archean City residents wanting to watch the excitement following behind.
In addition, there were also the explorers from Archean City who had already entered the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
It was not an exaggeration to say that at this moment, half of the people in Archean City were inside the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
There were no fewer than 200,000 people in total!
However, the Hundred Thousand Mountains were vast and boundless. It was not a problem for it to swallow a mere 200,000 people.
They were like a drop of water that quickly merging into the Hundred Thousand Mountains, causing only slight waves.
That night, in the evening.
After half a day of traveling, Jing Yi led the group to a desolate ancient city.
Behind him, Mejixi took two steps forward and stood not far from Jing Yi.
He glanced at Jing Yi. Although Meijixi did not quite understand what scheme Jing Yi was planning, he still had to say a few words to irk Jing Yi, as they were old enemies and rivals.
“Brother Jing, we’ve been on the road for half a day, but we haven’t seen any sign of the Flame Clan ruins.”
At this point, Mejixi’s voice suddenly became loud and clear, spreading in all directions.
“It’s just a guess, a mere guess.”
“This so-called Flame Clan ruins can’t be a lie that Brother Jing fabricated, right?”
Jing Yi turned around and looked at Meijixi with a smiling expression.
“Why would I lie?”
Mejixi’s expression suddenly turned cold, “How would I know?!”
“However, what you want is nothing more than to become the City Lord of Archean City or let your Heaven Saber Gang monopolize Archean City…”
With that said, Mejixi leaned closer to Jing Yi’s ear with a dark expression and whispered,
“With me around, you can forget about playing these tricks!”
“My dear brother, I’m determined to follow you this time! Wherever you go, I’ll go. 1 want to see what trump card you can take out!”
Jing Yi’s expression remained unchanged.
Jing Cong, however, looked furious.
If this old thing stuck to Jing Yi like glue, it would probably be difficult for their “Zombie Conversion Plan” to execute smoothly!
Jing Cong cursed Meijixi ten thousand times in his heart. From the corner of his eye, he saw that his father’s expression was still unchanged.
Jing Yi merely glanced at the sky and then at the distant ruins of the ancient city.
After a moment, Jing Yi smiled.
“It’s begun.”
Just as he finished speaking, a beam of light shot up into the sky, illuminating the night!
The beam of light soared into the sky with astonishing momentum!
Everyone present was shocked beyond belief, except for Jing Yi, who pointed at the beam of light with a smug smile and whispered softly,
“Behold, the Flame Clan ruins.”
“Isn’t this it?”
As Jing Yi’s words fell, the beam of light suddenly distorted and changed.
Soon, a faintly visible door opened at the bottom of the beam of light, as if it was connected to another world!
Neither Jing Cong nor Meijixi could take their eyes off this scene.
Because they were certain.
The beam of light before them was indeed a ruin!
Moreover, it was a super ruin of immense scale and incredible heritage!


CHAPTER-189
Chapter 189: True and False

Meijixi was inexplicably shocked. He turned to look at Jing Yi, who appeared calm as a breeze, and could not help but swallow hard.
Countless pieces of information had verified one fact—the Heaven Saber Gang had not found any ruins. The so-called Flame Clan ruins were merely a smokescreen created by Jing Yi.
However, at this moment, a super-large ruin had appeared before his eyes, real and not an illusion.
Regardless of whether this ruin was the Flame Clan ruins, it proved that Jing Yi’s words were not baseless…
Jing Cong was even more puzzled by the situation.
Two days ago, his father had even told him about their plan to lure explorers in the city with the ruse of Flame Tribe ruins and turn them into zombie soldiers.
The matter of the ruins was fake, but the scheme was real!
However, now the fake had turned into reality, then what was the real situation?
Jing Yi ignored the gazes and thoughts of others.
He just tilted his head and slowly admired the ruins in front of him. After that, his expression turned serious and he said loudly.
“These ruins are the ruins of the Flame Clan that my Heaven Saber Gang mentioned!”
“There are numerous opportunities inside. Those who are fated will obtain them!”
“Considering the vast interior of the ruins, with just over ten thousand members of my Heaven Saber Gang, we cannot completely seize these ruins. In order to keep the benefits to ourselves, I, Jing Yi, will share these ruins with all of you.”
With that said, Jing Yi turned to face everyone behind him and made an inviting gesture.
No one made a move…
Perhaps they had yet to wake up from the surprise of the ruins appearing.
This made Jing Yi smile and said, “Since everyone doesn’t want to be the pathfinders, then let our Heaven Saber Gang handle it.”
“Members of the Heaven Saber Gang, listen up! Enter the ruins!”
As soon as he finished speaking, before the gang members could react, Jing Yi took the lead, pulling Jing Cong and striding towards the entrance of the ruins.
Until the two of them completely disappeared through the door of the ruins…
Behind him, the members of the Heaven Saber Gang hesitantly followed their leader’s pace.
However, Meijixi was stunned.
“What’s going on?”
If that old thief Jing Yi said that there were ruins, and now there really were ruins!
Initially, Meijixi thought that there might be significant risks inside the ruins. But Jing Yi had directly entered the ruins with his son and all of his gang ahead of everyone else…
Meijixi was cunning and had many thoughts.
“Could Jing Yi have set up some traps inside the ruins?”
However, before Mejisi could think carefully, the explorers who did not belong to any faction behind him had already rushed toward the entrance of the ruins in groups.
This group of people did not care about the circumstances…
Enter the ruins, seize opportunities.
After all, what explorers sought was wealth.
Since they had embarked on such a risky venture, there was no need to overthink it; they just needed to charge in and seize the opportunity.
Before Meijixi could react, countless residents of Archean City had already rushed towards the ruins.
And from behind, more and more people rushed over endlessly!
When the ruins opened, the towering beam of light was a spectacle that caught everyone’s attention.
The beam of light pierced through the heavens and was extremely eye-catching. Almost everyone in the vicinity of the Hundred Thousand Mountains witnessed this scene.
This attracted the explorers who had been searching for ruins in the mountains.
It also attracted Apelo, who was searching for the Nanxiang people in the mountains.
Somewhere in the wilderness of the Hundred Thousand Mountains, Apelo, watching the beam of light rising into the sky in the distance and did not dissipate for a long time, gradually furrowed his brows.
“What’s going on?”
After a brief moment of contemplation, Apelo had an answer.
“Ruins? The ruins of the Flame Clan that were rumored in Archean City?”
It seemed so…
He had never expected this matter would turn out to be true.
But now that he knew it was true, it was not too late.
“Everyone, get up. Let’s go too.”
Without thinking too much, Apelo made this decision.
It was true that tribulation transcenders were very important.
However, even if he had the qualifications to ascend to the heavens, he still had to compete for a divine position with other ascenders. Without some capabilities, it would not work.
Therefore, the qualification to ascend to the heavens was very important. His own strength was also very important!
At this moment, the Flame Clan ruins had opened. There were definitely opportunities and treasures in the ruins. It was fine if Apelo did not know much about this, but now that the ruins had appeared right under his nose, there was no reason to turn a blind eye to it.
In the direction of the Southern Mountains.
Lu Ming, who was about to rest, also opened his eyes and looked in the direction where the Flame Clan ruins had opened.
At this moment, he was at home and could not see the beam of light initially.
What awakened Lu Ming was the unusual activity on his attribute panel.
First, there was a trembling sensation that seemed to come from his soul, causing Lu Ming to instinctively open his attribute panel. He saw that the attribute panel was constantly emitting a faint light.
The radiance guided Luming in a hazy manner.
“Go over there.”
“There’re opportunities!”
This was the first time the attribute panel had given Lu Ming such clear and direct feedback!
Or rather, a request!
This made Lu Ming frown.
After some thought, Lu Ming put on his clothes and walked out of his home in the middle of the night.
The towering and non dissipating beam of light, pointing directly into the sky, was Lu Ming’s most prominent coordinate.
As Lu Ming witnessed the beam of light, the tremor brought by the system immediately intensified.
This made Lu Ming pull up his hood to cover his face. He exerted strength in his legs and sped up.
About an hour later, Lu Ming arrived at the scene.
A vast crowd filled his vision..
Numerous individuals of different races and shapes, with red eyes, entered the door opened by the beam of light, resembling gamblers at a casino table.
This confused Lu Ming.
Lu Ming paused in the crowd for a moment, listening in all directions, and soon nodded in realization.
“The ruins of the Flame Clan…”
“The ruins have opened here…”
“So, there’s opportunity for me inside? Moreover, it’s an opportunity recognized by the system. Or is it something the system needs?”
That was most likely the case.
However, whether to go or not was another question.
Everyone knew Lu Ming’s personality. He had absolutely no inclination to engage in anything dangerous.
However, the abnormality of the system piqued Lu Ming’s curiosity. The system was the most crucial asset that allowed Luming to survive in the post-apocalyptic and Black Mist regions. Any unusual behavior from the system had to be taken seriously!
After thinking for a long time, Lu Ming made up his mind.
He turned around and left.
However, two hours later, Lu Ming returned to the same spot with Velo.
Velo blended into the crowd and relied on the Corpse Crystals’ attack to start gathering information. About an hour later, Lu Ming watched Velo walk into the entrance of the ruins. After waiting for about two hours, Velo emerged from the entrance of the ruins and returned to Lu Ming’s side.
“It’s very spacious inside and there’s no danger.”
“At least there’s no danger near the entrance of the ruins.”
Lu Ming nodded in understanding and slowly walked towards the door of the ruins with Velo at a slow pace.
After weighing the pros and cons during this period of time, Lu Ming had devised a plan.
He had Velo gather information for him and assess the danger inside the ruins. If there was any danger, they would turn back.
If there was no danger, Lu Ming would venture inside to take a look.
As for whether they would encounter further risks inside, he would have to take it one step at a time.
In short, opportunities were secondary, while staying alive was the priority!
Lu Ming was not a desperado. There was no need for him to risk his life for money..


CHAPTER-190
Chapter 190: The So-Called Ruins

It was unclear what Jing Yi, a member of the Heaven Saber Gang, was planning to do.
Jing Yi was the first to discover these ruins.
According to the rules of Archean City, the exploration rights of the ruins should have belonged to the Heaven Saber Gang.
However, now, Jing Yi was very selfless and decided to share the rights to explore the ruins. According to him, anyone, even if they were not residents of Archean city, could come here to explore and search for treasures.
There were no sentries set up at the entrance of the ruins.
Everyone, regardless of race or identity, could enter and explore the ruins.
Lu Ming and Velo, both wearing black robes and concealing their identities, silently entered the ruins along with the crowd.
As Lu Ming crossed the threshold of the ruins, he immediately felt a slight dizziness surge over.
His vision blurred, and when Lu Ming opened his eyes again, he found himself in a huge square!
This square was vast and stretched endlessly.
Behind him was a huge door to the ruins. Through this door, one could return to the Hundred Thousand Mountains without any obstruction.
There were hundreds of massive statues erected in the square.
The statues had a humanoid appearance, very similar to humans, with the only difference being a distinct flame-shaped mark on their foreheads.
“Flame Clan, these are indeed the ruins of the Flame Clan.”
Velo said, explaining not only the origin of the ruins but also the identity of the statues.
Lu Ming’s gaze passed beyond the statues and into the distance.
He could vaguely see a massive and magnificent city in the distance.
Countless towering and majestic buildings stood in succession, with a grand and elegant architectural style. However, upon closer inspection, it was easy to see that almost all the buildings were covered in a thick layer of dust, as if they had been sealed in the river of time and forgotten by the world for a long time.
Beside him, Velo spoke again, “That’s Flame City, and beyond Flame City, there’s a vast forest. We don’t know how large that forest is, let alone what lies further beyond…”
After saying this, Velo thought for a moment and added, “This ruin is enormous, exceptionally so!”
“I’ve explored many ruins in my lifetime, but none of them can be compared to this ruin… not even one-tenth of its size. I haven’t even heard of anything like it, let alone seen it!”
Lu Ming standing beside Velo, seemed lost in thought, as if he was thinking about something.
After Velo had finished speaking, Lu Ming furrowed his brow and turned to look at Velo.
“1 have a question,” he said.
“What exactly is a ruin?”
Velo,”…”
Previously, Fala had also explained what the ruins were, but Lu Ming had not paid much attention at that time, and Fala had not gone into detail.
This was because Lu Ming felt that there was a high chance that he was unlikely to have any connection with relics in his lifetime—he would be stupid to take the initiative to explore ruins. Wouldn’t it be more worthwhile to spend his time leveling up his attributes?
But now, with the current situation and the system behaving abnormally, Lu Ming had to ask a few more questions to fully understand the matter.
Velo organized thoughts and explained, “Ruins are essentially a kind of subspace.”
“It’s like… Hmm, the subspace in the Source Power Skill Sealing Ball.”
As soon as he said this, Lu Ming immediately narrowed his eyes, but he did not say anything. He continued listening as Velo elaborated, “Although the nature is very similar, there are clear differences”
“The creation of the Source Power Skill Sealing Ball requires the use of void abilities.”
“Void?”
“Yes, in other words, it’s a combination of time and spatial abilities. A long time ago, there was a powerful clan known as the Void Clan that ruled the Black Mist Zone. They were experts in time and space secret techniques, and they were also the ones who created the Source Power Skill Sealing Ball. Therefore, the related abilities are collectively known as ‘void’.”
“However, compared to the ruins, the production method for the Source Power Skill Sealing Balls has been streamlined by the major clans and no longer requires the personal involvement of experts.”
“But the creation of spaces of ruins, while also requiring void abilities, has fundamental differences in nature.”
“Due to the generally large size of ruin spaces and the absence of time flow issues, creating a ruin requires the control of spatial power or the void abilities of Ancient Realm experts, or even the intervention of deities!”
“This is somewhat similar to the means by which the Supreme Deity created the Black Mist Zone.”
According to ancient legends, the entire Black Mist Zone was created by the Supreme Deity.
And deities, or even ancient realm experts who wield spatial power, could achieve the same thing—though the effect could not compare to that of the Supreme Deity, the nature of the process was the same.
“The significance of relics lies in storing something or establishing an independent space for the purpose of clan inheritance or habitation.”
“At such times, the ruins are not called ruins, but rather ‘secret lands’.”
“After this clan is destroyed, and the secret land is left unattended, it will gradually merge with the Black Mist Region due to lack of care. Once the secret land is completely integrated with the Black Mist Zone, the door to the ruins will open at a certain location in the Black Mist Zone. Only then can it be called a ruin.”
Lu Ming nodded in understanding, getting a general idea of the nature of ruins.
They were no different from abandoned cities or ancient tombs…
Velo continued, “Generally speaking, there are good things inside the ruins. Think about it, creating a hidden land requires a significant investment, so naturally, it would be used for important purposes.”
“They can either store secret treasures or for the core clansmen to live in.”
“In any case, when the clan is destroyed, there will undoubtedly be a considerable number of valuable items left behind… These items become ownerless, which is what we call an ‘opportunity.'”
“For this Flame Clan Ruin of this size, as you can imagine, there must be a plethora of valuable items!”
Even though Velo was already in his old age, he could not help but be tempted when he saw the ruins of the Flame Clan of such a scale…
A massive, undeveloped ruin…
This is picking up money, don’t you know?
But Lu Ming ignored Velo.
He just looked at his attribute panel and nodded in understanding after a moment.
This was because he finally knew where the system notified him of his opportunity…
The answer was crystal clear.
It was this entire space of ruins!
At that time, after the battle with Hachima An, Lu Ming obtained his second superpower: the Void Realm!
After some research, he discovered that this Void Realm was actually a high-level time and space ability!
Lu Ming could sense that the level of this ability was outrageously high. However, due to his low level, the Void Realm could not currently be unleashed to its full potential in Lu Ming’s hands.
At this moment, after hearing Velo’s explanation, Lu Ming immediately realized where the system had indicated his opportunity was located!
It was known that the Void Realm was a time and space ability.
Ruins were also the product of a spatial ability.
Now that Lu Ming had entered the ruins, it was very similar to when he was pulled into Hachima An’s void space back then!
Did that mean Lu Ming could, by some clever means, incorporate the power of this ruin into his body, using it as nutrients for the growth of his Void Realm?
Lu Ming did not know, but he wanted to give it a try…
With this in mind, Lu Ming took a quick look around and then grabbed Velo’s hand, heading towards the distant Flame City..


CHAPTER-191
Chapter 191: Lu Ming: I’ll Poach Someone!

The Flame Clan ruins began with the square and the entrance to the ruins. In front of them was Flame City. Further ahead was a large forest, and beyond that was an unexplored area!
The ruins were vast. Just Flame City alone was enough for adventurers to explore for a while.
When Lu Ming and Velo arrived at the gate of Flame City, they saw that the gate had already been violently broken open. Crowds of people were walking in and out. From time to time, there were shoutings and suppressed cheers echoing from within the city.
Lu Ming did not need to enter the city to know what kind of chaotic scene was unfolding inside Flame City.
Frowning, Lu Ming simply stopped in his tracks.
“I’m not going in.”
Velo said, “Oh?”
“We’re not going in. Of course, if you want to go in, you can go by yourself, I’m not going in.”
Lu Ming spoke.
This left Velo speechless for some time.
If you’re not going in to look for opportunities, why are you here?!
But Lu Ming could not be bothered with all of that.
The war was dangerous and the city was in chaos. How could Lu Ming enter?
After a moment of thought, Lu Ming turned around, ready to leave the ruins and return to Nanxiang.
Day 152 of the Black Mist Calendar.
It was morning.
Lu Ming was back once again.
But, this time, he was not alone. Instead, he brought Cheng Cheng, Wei Lan, Fala, and Li Zitong.
They entered the ruins gate and arrived at the vast square.
At this moment, the square was still bustling with people, a scene of prosperity.
As early as yesterday, Lu Ming had already made a rough plan.
Leaving the square, they headed towards Flame City. Soon, the five of them arrived at the entrance of Flame City.
Lu Ming pointed to an empty space near the city gate.
“Let’s start here.”
With that, Li Zitong immediately nodded.
He stepped forward and circulated the strength of a Level Nine Mortal Realm with all his might!
Under the control of Li Zitong’s special ability, the earth on the ground quickly rose. In no time, two rows of dozens of single-storey courtyards appeared not far from the city gate of Flame City.
Fara took a step forward and spoke loudly to the onlookers.
“Exploring the ruins will certainly take a long time, and there may be days without any harvest.”
“Considering the continuous turmoil within Flame City, to save everyone’s time, we have built several houses here for your use. Consider it saving you the trouble of looking for accommodations.”
After saying this, Fala said no more.
Lu Ming stood behind Fala and carefully observed the reactions of the people present. When he saw a few people in the crowd show a glint of excitement and quietly withdraw, Lu Ming nodded lightly.
“It’s good enough.”
At this point, he had already achieved the effect he wanted.
Li Zitong’s construction of houses outside Flame City was just the beginning.
Soon, within a few tens of minutes, more Earth-element superhumans joined the construction team.
A small village quickly rose outside Flame City.
Afterward, some smart people with powerful backers occupied a few houses with the best locations.
After some simple modifications, a series of shops appeared.
There were plants within the ruins, but no exotic beasts.
For one to eat his fill, food had to be brought in from the outside.
Exploration also required tools and medicinal herbs—these things were clearly not available inside the ruins.
This presented a business opportunity
As the saying went, while some people were prospecting for gold and could not make ends meet, those who sold water to these gold diggers made a fortune.
The principle was the same.
In order to keep a low profile, Lu Ming took the lead but did not care about anything else. He simply brought Cheng Cheng, Wei Lan, and Fala to a remote house.
After Velo revealed his strength at the Third level Body Realm, no one else dared to compete with Lu Ming for the ownership of this house anymore – not that they could not win, but it was not worth it.
In this way, Lu Ming settled down in the Flame Clan ruins.
Of course, even though he had avoided the chaotic Flame City and found a relatively quiet place outside the city, the Flame Clan ruins was itself a turbulent place. Even if Lu Ming stayed far away, trouble might still find its way to him.
However, Lu Ming was well aware…
Wanting benefits without getting into trouble… where in the world does that happen?
It was also on this same day that a great battle erupted in Flame City!
The Divine Dao Gang and Apelo’s group engaged in a fierce battle over a high-level Body Forging technique.
In the end, Apelo emerged victorious!
Reading the Body Forging technique in his hands, Apelo’s eyes shone brightly, completely focused.
After reading it through, Apelo looked up at the sky and laughed wildly, “Wonderful, wonderful! The Flame Clan’s ruins indeed offer many opportunities!”
With Apero’s Spirit Realm Level 1 strength, he was more than capable of taking the lead within the Flame Clan ruins!
With his bountiful harvest, Apelo even momentarily forgot about the matters concerning the people of Nanxiang and looked at the unexplored areas of Flame City with uncontrollable greed.
On the other side.
Jing Yi, accompanied by Jing Cong and more than ten loyal subordinates, had already bypassed Flame City and headed into the forest behind it.
Jing Yi had a clear objective, and while Jing Cong and the others didn’t know Jing Yi’s intentions, they could only follow behind him.
The journey was long.
Other than Jing Yi, no one knew where this group of people was headed.
In the morning.
With the help of Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan, Lu Ming began his daily routine exercises.
Like second nature, Lu Ming’s every move was precise and accurate.
He even had some spare energy to observe the response on his attribute panel.
As his attributes slowly increased, the other abnormality on the attribute panel also confirmed Lu Ming’s guess!
Void Realm (Beginner) (Advancing)…
He could sense that, along with the rise in his attributes, there seemed to be a mysterious energy, unlike any mystery factor, surging into his body from the outside world.
It was precisely because he had absorbed this energy that his Void Realm underwent changes.
Lu Ming could also sense that it might take an extremely long time for the further upgrade of the Void Realm. However, it did not matter. Wherever he farm attributes was essentially the same.
Time was Lu Ming’s best friend!
Morning routine exercises.
The rest of the time was spent cultivating the Body Forging Technique.
After falling asleep at night, he cultivated the Source Power Skill within the Void Space.
This was Lu Ming’s daily training plan.
There was no shortage of water nearby. Although it was a bit of a hassle to get water, Fala took the initiative to handle this task. She was well aware that Lu Ming and the others had sensitive identities, so it was best for them not to appear in front of people.
Food was delivered by Velo from the outside world. With Velo’s Third-level Physique Realm strength, running these errands was absolutely risk-free.
Moreover, as the business district gradually improved and developed, by evening, there were vendors selling water and food nearby—it seemed that the business district outside Flame City was already heading on the right track.
Inside Flame City, however, the sounds of battle continued.
Some were happy, while others were sad.
Some returned with treasures, while others perished.
But all of this had nothing to do with Lu Ming.
This was because this ruin itself was Lu Ming’s greatest opportunity!
Others were searching for treasures within the ruins.
Lu Ming was poaching..


CHAPTER-192
Chapter 192: Jing Yi

Day 153 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Flame City was in chaos.
At the same time, the secluded tribes in the Hundred Thousand Mountains learned about the opening of the Flame Clan ruins.
On this day, someone at the entrance of the ruins discovered the presence of a seemingly Spirit Realm expert, indicating that news about the Flame Clan ruins was spreading far and wide, with its influence continuously expanding!
That day, Lu Ming spent the entire day cultivating within the ruins, and nothing unusual happened.
Day 155 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Someone bypassed Flame City and found Spirit Realm herbs in the forest behind it. These herbs were rarely found in the outside world.
When this news spread, it caused a great stir.
It also informed everyone that while there were many opportunities within Flame City, the opportunities in the forest behind it should not be underestimated.
This slightly reduced the conflicts within Flame City.
On thei58th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
In Flame City, the Divine Dao Gang and the Black Feather Clan clashed once again.
However, this time, the leader of the Divine Dao Gang, Meijixi, somehow found a level one Spirit Realm expert, who engaged Apelo in battle, leading to further losses for the already dwindling Black Feather Clan.
That night, some areas of the Flame City clearly heard Apelo howling madly, “1 swear I will not rest until 1 take revenge!”
When treasures are at stake, conflicts are bound to arise.
Once conflicts begin, karmic entanglements inevitably follow.
If karma appeared, trouble would come endlessly—this was the root of Lu Ming’s aversion to risky endeavors.
However, there was a saying that people died for wealth and birds died for food…
This was all part of the logic of how the world operated.
Day 161 of the Black ATist Calendar.
A Spirit Realm battle erupted once again in Flame City.
Based on a rough estimate, there were as many as four Spirit Realm experts participating in the battle. One of them was even at the third level of the Spirit Realm!
The presence of so many Spirit Realm experts intensified the conflicts within Flame City, causing many weaker individuals to leave Flame City and seek opportunities in the forest.
Day 165 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Meijixi coveted the profits of the business district outside Flame City and led the Divine Dao Gang members to invade this place. An unknown Spirit Realm expert took action and issued a warning to Meijixi. From then on, this business district became the publicly recognized safe zone within the Flame Clan ruins.
Please go out and resolve any grudges. If you don’t follow the rules of the business district, you will definitely suffer the revenge of a Spirit Realm expert!
This matter even caught Lu Ming’s attention to some extent. After Fala’s investigation, she confirmed the identity of the Spirit Realm expert—the chief of a small clan, the Rao Clan from the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
Day 171 of the Black Mist Calendar.
The inner city gate of Flame City was broken through.
Nearly ten Spirit Realm experts entered the inner city area of Flame City, and a fierce battle broke out shortly thereafter.
It was rumored that a Source Realm Source Power Skill had appeared in the inner city of Flame City, igniting conflicts from various factions.
It was because three Spirit Realm experts had died in battle and Apelo was severely injured.
On the 178th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
The hand-drawn map of Flame City was publicly sold by the Rao Clan.
According to the map, the entire Flame City was divided into three parts: the Imperial City District, the Inner City District, and the Outer City District.
Among them, the Outer City District had produced Spirit Realm Source Power skills before. The Inner City District had revealed Source Realm Source Power skills. So far, no one had entered the Imperial City District, which was highly likely to contain Ancient Realm Source Power Skills!
This speculation, once spread, immediately elevated the reputation of the Flame Clan Ruins.
At the same time, a subtle piece of information quietly circulated.
The Flame Clan, once a prominent clan in its time, had stood on the wrong side during a major calamity, resulting in the seven gods of the Flame Clan being besieged and ultimately vanquished.
The remnants of the Flame Clan immediately retreated to the Hundred Thousand Mountains, disappearing without a trace.
Based on the records found in Flame City, it was revealed that this ruins was where the remnants of the Flame Clan had hidden at that time. The ruins contained a wealth of Flame Clan legacies.
Treasures, Ancient Realm Source Power skills, divine medicines, and everything else!
Not only that…
One of the seven gods of the Flame Clan seemed to have left his remains and inheritance in this ruin!
The divine inheritance and the true body of a deity instantly propelled the reputation of the Flame Clan ruins to its peak!
More explorers swarmed over.
Rough estimates suggested that at this moment, there were over a million intelligent beings within the ruins of the Flame Clan!
And more newcomers were arriving continuously!
Day 180 of the Black Mist Calendar.
A Spirit Realm expert found a weakness in the Imperial City area’s restrictions and widely invited heroes to break through the restrictions.
As for how to split the treasures after breaking through the restrictions, it would be up to their abilities.
There was news that it might not take more than twenty days for the gates of the Imperial City District to open to everyone.
And within it lay the divine inheritance!
On this day, Jing Yi led his men through the forest and arrived at the end of the ruins!
Regardless of whether the Flame Clan ruins were built by Ancient Realm experts or deities, and no matter how vast and boundless this ruin was, it was undeniable that there was always a border…
On one side of the border was the square where the entrance to the ruins stood.
The border opposite was under Jing Yi’s feet!
With over ten subordinates and Jing Cong in tow, Jing Yi looked ahead.
Before them lay an endless void storm!
The colorful and dazzling void storm was a sight to behold, but anyone with a little common sense knew that once a living being stepped into it, there would only be one outcome—they would be torn to pieces by the terrifying spatial turbulence!
Jing Yi remained in this dangerous place for a long, long time until he heard Jing Cong’s voice from behind.
“Father… I don’t understand…”
He really could not keep up with his father’s train of thought.
Whether it was the “Zombie Transformation Plan” that had clearly fooled him previously or everything that had happened within the Flame Clan ruins now, it all left Jing Cong baffled.
Upon hearing his son’s words, Jing Yi turned around and smiled.
“You don’t understand?”
“Yes, Father, I don’t understand…”
“Actually, you really don’t need to understand.”
As soon as Jing Yi finished speaking, he reached out and, in one swift motion, pierced through Jing Cong’s chest, ripping out his heart from within his chest cavity!
This shocking scene of a father killing his son completely stunned everyone present, except Jing Yi.
He flicked his finger and flicked Jing Cong’s heart into the void storm.
He turned to look at his subordinates.
He smiled and said, “You’re all carefully selected by me… I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but you all have a common characteristic.”
Those who reacted slowly were still in a daze. Those who reacted quickly had already turned around and prepared to leave Jing Yi!
However, Jing Yi, who had reached level nine of the Physique Realm, was a dominating presence among these dozen people!
His figure quickly flickered as one heart after another was ripped out!
After killing everyone and throwing all their hearts into the void storm, Jing Yi muttered to himself and explained the question he had just posed.
“Your clan was once the great enemy of the Flame Clan!”
Faint flame-shaped patterns emerged from Jing Yi’s forehead.
At this moment, Jing Yi raised his hands high and roared at the void turbulence!
“With the blood of our clan!”
“With the blood of our enemies!”
“With the blood of countless clans!”
“For the sacrifice!”
“Your descendant invokes your divine name!”
“The Flame Clan’s God Jing!”
He knelt on the ground, his gaze fanatical!
In the distant void, a dilapidated palace, braving the raging void turbulence, approached from afar and finally arrived in front of Jing Yi..


CHAPTER-193
Chapter 193: Lu Ming: What’s the Situation?

There was a question: How many clans were there within the Black Mist Zone?
There was only one answer: There were too many to count.
Then the next question: Could anyone remember the appearance of all the different clans?
The answer was also obvious: Of course not.
The history of the Black Mist Zone was too ancient, and over the long years, countless tribes became the chosen ones to undergo tribulation, and numerous races integrated into the Black Mist Zone.
What was worth mentioning was that some races had unique forms that prevented them from marrying other races. However, most races did not have reproductive isolation between them. This led to a much greater population of mixed-blood intelligent beings than pure-blood ones!
In short, the diversity of intelligent species in the Black Mist Zone was so vast that even scholars specializing in this field could not comprehend it in a short time.
However, in the Archean City, matters of tribes and races were irrelevant.
No one cared about the specifics of each individual’s race.
Naturally, no one would bother to investigate whether the Heaven Saber Gang and the Jing family belonged to any particular race. Even if someone did investigate, it was likely they wouldn’t be able to figure it out.
But now, when the blurry flame-shaped pattern appeared on Jing Yi’s forehead, everything seemed to fall into place.
—He was a member of the Flame Clan!
The Flame Clan that had long been destroyed in the river of time!
Although he was a mixed-blood descendant of the Flame Clan from countless generations ago, it was undeniable that the blood of the Flame Clan indeed flowed in his body.
When the palace in the void arrived in front of Jing Yi, he could not help but be filled with tears.
His lips moved, as if he realized the mission he carried in his bloodline, the responsibility and hardships his bloodline had borne over tens of thousands of years.
It was as if he was thinking of the ancestors and legends of the Jing God Jing that had been passed down for generations.
Jing Yi took a deep breath.
He kowtowed fiercely before the palace and said, “Jing Yi pays respect to the Jing God and to the Ancestors!”
As expected, there was no response from inside the palace…
The Jing God, one of the seven gods of the Flame Clan, was known as the most difficult to kill and the most resilient among the seven gods of the Flame Clan at that time.
But even the resilience of the Jing God couldn’t withstand the catastrophe of that time, let alone the passage of time!
After paying his respects to Jing God, Jing Yi stood up and walked to the front of the palace on his own initiative.
When Jing Yi arrived at the entrance of the palace, a faint energy fluctuation emanated from inside the palace and enveloped Jing Yi.
After a sudden flash of light, it seemed that the palace had recognized Jingyi’s identity and slowly opened its doors.
Jing Yi stepped inside.
He passed through the dilapidated gardens and corridors, reaching the deepest hall of the palace.
Here, he met his ancestor.
The Jing God!
However, it was not the lively Jing God… but the Jing God lying in a crystal coffin…
Jing Yi looked at his ancestor, but he could not see the true appearance of the Jing God.
This was not surprising.
The gap between the Physique Realm and the Divine Spirit was too great. Even though they shared the same bloodline, their essence of life was vastly different!
There was a rumor in the Black Mist zone that mortals could not behold the true appearance of gods.
It was not that the god’s status was too high.
It was because the strength of the gods was so overwhelming that it shrouded them in a mysterious aura.
Mortals could not penetrate this layer of mysterious aura, so they could not see the true form of the gods.
At this moment, even though Jing God had fallen into a deep sleep, the essence of a god remained unchanged.
Looking at the hazy humanoid figure in the coffin, Jing Yi sighed deeply.
As an orphaned descendant of the Flame Clan, Jing Yi’s knowledge of the Flame Clan was far better than that of the outside world!
In the calamity at that time, it was rumored that the seven gods of the Flame Clan had been wiped out in a battle.
But not all of them died on the battlefield.
Among them, the Jing God, who had the strongest vitality and the greatest ability to preserve life, returned to the Flame Clan’s gathering place alive despite being severely injured.
It was precisely because of the Jing God’s command that the Flame Clan took refuge in the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
At that time, the Jing God was seriously injured and could not recover, and his condition worsened day by day.
However, as a deity, the Jing God deeply understood that without the protection of a deity, a large clan like the Flame Clan would inevitably attract the covetous eyes of the entire Black Mist Zone. The extinction of their bloodline was only a matter of time.
Therefore, the Jing God made a decision!
First, he established the Flame Clan ruins to provide a safe habitat for the Flame Clan people.
However, the significance of establishing ruins was not limited to this.
The most important function of these ruins was to provide a safe and hidden place for the Jing God to heal his injuries, so that he would bring the Flame Clan back to its peak!
“But it has been too long… Ancestor, it’s really been too long…”
“No one could have imagined that your slumber would span tens of thousands of years.”
But no matter how long the wait, there was an end to it.
Looking at the Jing God in the eternal ice coffin, Jing Yi’s gaze was deep.
“The time for your awakening is approaching.”
What the Jing God was lying in was the eternal ice coffin.
It was created by the Eternal Clan’s treasure, the Stone of Eternity.
It was enveloped by an unparalleled force of time, capable of freezing the condition of the Jing God’s body inside the ice coffin, preventing his injuries from deteriorating further.
But what truly facilitated his healing was this entire Flame Clan ruin!
When the Jing God created this ruin, he used his mobile palace as the focal point. According to the unique abilities of the Jing God, whenever an intelligent being died within this ruin, both his physical body and spiritual essence would become nourishment and energy for the Jing God’s healing.
As long as the Flame Clan within the ruins continued to multiply and reincarnate, sooner or later, the Jing God would be revived!
Originally, according to the Jing God’s calculations, his revival should not have been delayed for so long.
This was because thousands of years after the Jing God fell into slumber, an internal strife erupted in the Flame Clan within the ruins, directly leading to the entire Flame Clan disappearing into the river of history.
But the past need not be revisited.
Without the offerings and the cycle of life and death of the Flame Clan within the ruins, the Jing God’s revival process came to a halt.
Fortunately, during that internal strife, the Jing family managed to escape to the outside world.
And they left behind their ancestral teachings, which were passed down through the generations.
Time was fast forwarded to today.
According to the Jing family’s ancestral teachings, the ruins of the Flame Clan would reappear in the Black Mist Zone in Jing Yi’s generation.
And the opportunity to awaken the Jing God had arrived!
Needless to say, Jing Yi knew that the huge Flame Clan ruins would surely attract the attention of countless people.
The countless treasures within the ruins could also bring about endless disputes and deaths, providing the Jing God with ample healing energy!
“Wait. Now, you and I just need to wait.”
Jing Yi gently caressed the crystal coffin as he spoke.
On the same day.
At the moment when Jing Yi called forth the Jing God’s Palace from the void, Lu Ming was cultivating the Body Forging Technique.
After practicing the Body Forging Technique, Lu Ming wiped the sweat on his forehead and opened the attribute panel again.
On the attribute panel, the words “Void Realm (Beginner) (Advancing)” were constantly glowing, but he did not know when he could complete the advancement. However, Lu Ming was not in a hurry.
His life was pretty good now… Other than the frequent sounds of fighting and killing in Flame City, everything else was quite satisfactory.
Just as he was about to continue cultivating, Lu Ming suddenly frowned.
This was because he suddenly felt that the words of the “Void Realm (Beginner) (Advancing)” were flashing faster…
And not only that!
The entire attribute panel slowly began to emit light.
This strange scene made Lu Ming scratch his head.
“What’s going on?”
He had no idea…
He could not make sense of it.
However, Lu Ming had a hunch—it did not seem to be a bad thing.
Since his thoughts were fruitless, he did not want to think about it.
Lu Ming continued to cultivate..


CHAPTER-194
Chapter 194: Entry Fee

Day 182 of the Black Mist Calendar.
The news of the opening of the Flame Clan ruins had already spread far and wide.
Almost every race that had long inhabited the region within the Hundred Thousand Mountains joined the exploration of the Flame Clan ruins.
On one hand, this made the area more prosperous, with new visitors appearing every day.
On the other hand, it also aggravated the conflicts and disputes within the Flame City and the forests!
Fortunately, this place was the outskirts of the Hundred Thousand Mountains, and the groups that had long resided here were relatively weak in strength. The strongest among them was only at the Spirit Realm. The Rao Clan which protected the business district still had the capability to maintain order and stability in the area, ensuring that Lu Ming’s cultivation would not be disturbed.
Today, another battle erupted in Flame City.
But none of it concerned Lu Ming.
He continued to practice the Body Forging Technique repeatedly, occasionally opening the attribute panel to observe the system’s activities.
He could clearly notice that the faint light flickering on the system interface seemed to have intensified.
This gave Lu Ming a premonition.
It seemed that this ruin was not only an opportunity for him to level up in the Void Realm. There was something within the ruin that might bring some unknown but beneficial changes to the system.
“Continue cultivating and keep observing.”
That was all Lu Ming could do.
No one could sense that the entire Flame Clan ruin was essentially a huge array seal!
No one could perceive that whenever an intelligent being died within the ruins of the Flame Clan, its flesh and soul essence would rapidly disappear and be transported to the distant former palace of the Jing God, where it served as nourishment for his healing and recovery.
Moreover, no one could perceive that within the huge healing chamber of the Flame Clan ruins, a pair of invisible hands was quietly undermining the Jing God’s foundation…
The Eternal Stone, a unique treasure of the Aeonians, contained a vast amount of time power.
Even among the Ancient Realm experts of the Aeonians, few could produce an Eternal Stone the size of a palm. For the Jing God to use the Stone of Eternity as a coffin block, it could be seen how rich and imposing the Flame Clan had been in their heydays.
However, it was unfortunate…
This coffin made of the Eternal Stone was a part of the entire healing array.
Its power was also of the same origin as the Void Realm.
In other words, when Lu Ming’s three-dimensional world increased, the system could also draw energy from the Eternal Stone as a source of nourishment for the advancement of the Void Realm.
What was even more unfortunate was that…
The core array eye of the entire Flame Clan ruin that was written as a healing array was actually the Jing God!
The heavily injured Jing God was unconscious.
Jing Yi, who was guarding at the side, was too weak.
Therefore, no one could discover that the Jing God’s essence was being secretly stolen by an invisible pair of hands. No one knew where it was sent to or what it had become.
Day 187 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Jing Yi, who was guarding the Jing God, opened his eyes.
Jing Yi took out his dry food and began to eat. As he ate, he looked at the coffin beside him.
This was basically Jing Yi’s daily life during this period of time…
However, he suddenly frowned and vaguely sensed that something was wrong.
“Why do 1 feel that this ice coffin seems to be a little thin…”
Looking left and right, Jing Yi could not tell if it was an illusion. This was because with his strength at level nine of the Physique Realm, he still could not clearly distinguish the almost imperceptible change.
“Also, the ancestor’s face seems to have become clearer…”
“But perhaps the ancestor is about to revive.”
Although Jing Yi of the Physique Realm had the ancestral teachings, his strength and horizons were completely insufficient for him to observe what shocking changes were happening to the Jing God at this moment.
In any case, whether it was the slightly shrinking coffin or the gradually clearer appearance of the Jing God, Jing Yi had no additional thoughts.
After gulping down the dry food, Jing Yi paid no more attention to it.
On the same day, another battle erupted in Flame City.
Originally, Lu Ming felt that the battle in Flame City had nothing to do with him. Unexpectedly, on that night, Lu Ming received some tragic news.
The patriarch of the Rau Clan had died in this chaotic battle.
This news kept Luming awake all night. He sent Zhang Chengcheng, Wei Lan, and Fala back to the South Mountain overnight.
As Lu Ming returned to the Flame Clan ruins alone in the wee hours of the morning, he saw flames soaring into the sky in the business district from afar!
The business district was originally protected by the Rao Clan, but with the patriarch’s death, not to mention protecting the business district, it was unknown if the Rao Clan would be liquidated.
It took more than a month.
Lu Ming’s peaceful cultivation time had been interrupted.
Standing at the entrance of the ruins, Lu Ming could not help but let out a sigh.
“What a terrible situation…”
Opening his attribute panel, Lu Ming could see that his Void Realm had yet to complete its upgrade.
The system had not changed either—it was still flickering, but there was no clear explanation yet.
Clearly, Lu Ming had not finished what he needed to do in this ruin.
And chaos had already found its way to him.
After weighing his options for a moment, Lu Ming made a decision.
“I’ll have to find another safe place again.”
If he had not arrived at the Flame Clan ruins, Lu Ming might have returned to the Southern Mountain in order to avoid conflict.
But now, Lu Ming was certain that this ruin would be of great help to him. For the sake of upgrading the Void Realm and the potential changes in the system, Lu Ming had to reluctantly change his usual style and take on some risks.
Before Lu Ming could set off again, a loud noise suddenly sounded from afar.
“Everyone, listen up!”
The voice drew everyone’s attention.
Looking toward the source of the voice, they could see a short figure slowly rising into the sky until it hovered about a hundred meters above, overseeing the entire scene.
It was the leader of the Divine Dao Gang, Meijixi.
At this moment, Meijixi wore a fake smile on his face. It was not difficult to detect the hidden smugness and greed in the depths of his brows!
“Starting today, everyone who enters the ruins will need to pay an entrance fee!”
“The entrance fee is one Level 1 Physique Realm Source Stone!”
As soon as he finished speaking, the entire crowd was in an uproar!
A single Level i Physique Realm Source Stone was undoubtedly not a small sum. For Mortal Realm Awakened individuals, this sum of money might represent their lifetime savings!
However, before the commotion could subside, Meijixi continued, “Moreover, from today onwards, a sentry post will be set up at the entrance of the ruins. Everyone will pay the entrance fee when they enter. When they leave the venue, they have to surrender half of their gains from the ruins!”
The atmosphere instantly turned frosty!
Entering with a heavy toll, leaving after losing a portion of your gains!
And Meijixi’s words also carried a hidden meaning.
He would inspect everyone’s gains within the ruins…
Someone scoffed on the spot, “Who gave you the confidence?!”
Meijixi smiled.
Before he could speak, a voice came from behind him, saying, “We do!”
More than ten figures flew over from afar until they arrived in the sky above Meijixi.
Powerful Source Power scattered wantonly, indicating their realms—they were all Spirit Realm experts!
The leader of the Spirit Realm experts opened his eyes slightly, looking at everyone below as if they were insects. He said softly, “I gave you a chance to enter. If 1 don’t give you a chance, I, Li De, guarantee that you won’t be able to touch the door of this ruin!”
“You have to know how to be grateful.”
“Just the entrance fee and half of your gains already demonstrate our benevolence..”


CHAPTER-195
Chapter 195: Divine Alliance and the Beginning of Chaos

As soon as Li De finished speaking, the entire venue was silent.
A moment later, a bold person muttered softly, “This ruin was discovered by the Heaven Saber Gang…”
Before the Spirit Realm expert could say anything to Meijixi, a well-informed person whispered, “It seems like the Heaven Saber Gang doesn’t exist anymore.”
“Doesn’t exist?”
“Yes, a few days ago, the Divine Dao Gang attacked the Heaven Saber Gang. That old man Meijixi secretly contacted many Spirit Realm experts and wiped out the Heaven Saber Gang. The Jing family father and son did not show up from the beginning to the end, supposedly out of fear….”
Another person murmured, “So, we have to follow their rules, pay an entrance fee, and get searched when we leave? I don’t believe that they would dare to search the bodies of Spirit Realm experts, even if they’re powerful.”
“Shh… Keep your voice down… They really dare…”
“It’s said that the big battle in Flame City yesterday was initiated by them. The patriarchs of the Rao Clan, the Qi Clan, and the Stone Clan were all killed. Apelo of the Black Feather Tribe narrowly escaped, but now, he can only hide in a corner of Flame City.”
“These people have probably already formed an organization under Meijixi’s coordination, and their intentions are easy to understand. They want to control the entire ruins and not share it with outsiders.”
There were countless treasures inside the Flame Clan ruins.
This was a treasure trove filled with gold everywhere.
But, no matter how many treasures there were, no one was willing to share them.
Wasn’t it a waste to distribute the wealth to the bumpkin?
Given this, Meijixi secretly contacted more than ten spirit realm experts!
With the Spirit Realm experts holding down the fort and the members of the Divine Dao Gang helping deal with trivial matters, an alliance was formed. Moreover, yesterday, this alliance brazenly attacked and almost wiped out all the Spirit Realm experts who were unconvinced!
After dealing with the Spirit Realm experts, how could the remaining low-level Awakened individuals have any room to resist?
Li De spoke again, “The rules have been set. Whoever doesn’t submit will die.”
“If any Spirit Realm expert has any objections to my rules, I welcome you to look for me.”
“As for whether we will use fists to talk or cooperate for mutual benefit at that time, it depends on your abilities.”
Li De’s words left some face-saving room for other Spirit Realm experts but not much.
In short, Reed was quite domineering and seemed to be very confident in his own strength.
Meijixi interrupted, “Now, everyone, start paying.”
This incident caused some minor disruptions for Lu Ming, but not much.
He could afford to pay the fee. Although Lu Ming was not rich, he had indeed saved up some corpse crystals when he killed Hachima An and the other zombies.
He was even less afraid of being searched.
The opportunities he sought in this place were not physical items to begin with. So, no matter how hard they were to search him, they would not find anything.
Of course, his mood was certainly affected by the situation after encountering such a thing…
However, considering his principle of avoiding conflict as much as possible, Lu Ming still suppressed his anger and prepared to queue up to pay.
A long queue was formed.
Lu Ming was inconspicuous in the midst of the crowd.
About half an hour later, seeing that the order had been set, Li De and the other Spirit Realm experts flew away and returned to Flame City, preparing to search for opportunities while hunting for Apelo and the other fleeing Spirit Realm expert enemies.
As Spirit Realm experts, they naturally would not do the chores of maintaining order.
However, there were no other Spirit Realm experts at the scene. With a level nine Physique Realm expert like Meijixi holding down the fort, there should not be any big trouble.
However, this was actually a little taken for granted…
Those who could come and dared to explore the ruins of the Flame Clan to search for treasures were all people who valued money more than their lives. Such people hated being restricted by the rules and even had an extreme spirit of resistance!
Not to mention…
It was not as if the Divine Dao Gang Alliance did not have enemies!
In the crowd, a person who was also wearing a black robe and concealing his figure, slowly raised his head and looked at the Spirit Realm experts flying far away, his eyes flashing with hatred.
He suddenly lifted his hood, revealing the face from the Rao Clan under the hood.
Then, he roared, “Damn the f*cking Divine Dao Gang! Damn the f*cking Divine Dao Alliance!”
“Kill!!”
He unleashed a powerful punch, the strength of a Level 9 Physique Realm expert was revealed.
After killing a few Divine Dao Gang members, this person had already soared into the air and shot towards the distant Meijixi!
This triggered a chain reaction.
Sometimes, some things needed someone unafraid of death to take the lead…
Once there was a leader, the direction of events might not be what was expected.
With Rao Clan members taking the lead, more people in the crowd with ulterior motives immediately took action.
There were even explorers who could not afford to pay and wanted to explore the ruins. They took advantage of the chaos to kill and rob or hurriedly scatter in all directions.
There was no such thing as paying.
If they wanted to explore the ruins, they could only sneak in during the chaos… What else could they do…
As for how they would get out later..
This was a problem for later.
Could one expect a group of desperados with no future to plan that far ahead?
The entire entrance of the ruins was in chaos!
Lu Ming was perplexed…
“What should I do?”
Lu Ming was indeed thinking more than the desperados.
At this moment, the Divine Dao Alliance which controlled the heart of the ruins, had already revealed itself.
They would not just stand by and watch someone breaking the rules they had set.
Therefore, it was easy to imagine that the entire Flame Clan ruins would soon be plunged into chaos and turmoil…
And then…”
Lu Ming did not dwell on it any further and just sprinted in the opposite direction of the chaos.
This was because the turmoil here would surely attract the Spirit Realm experts of the Divine Dao Alliance back.
The Spirit Realm experts would not concern themselves with who caused or masterminded the chaos.
Spirit Realm experts would simply take action to eliminate everyone—better to kill ten innocent people than let one guilty one escape! It was rough but straightforward, effective, and swift.
Lu Ming’s speed was naturally incredibly fast.
In just a few minutes, Lu Ming had run out of the square.
After briefly identifying the direction, Lu Ming took a longer route, avoiding the areas with the most people and the return route of the Divine Dao Alliance’s Spirit Realm experts. He then ran towards the huge and towering walls of Flame City.
About an hour later, when Lu Ming arrived at the foot of the Flame City walls, an earth-shattering roar sounded from the square behind.
Everything was as Lu Ming had expected.
When Spirit Realm experts attacked, not a blade of grass remained!
“You don’t mean to harm others, but others can mean to harm you!”
“I originally wanted to treat you well, but my efforts went down the drain…”
Standing at the foot of the city wall of Flame City, Lu Ming sighed repeatedly.
Originally, he just wanted to take advantage of the ruins and quietly farm his attributes, and mind his own business.
However, the environment turned out to be quite unfavorable.
“Then what should I do next?”
Returning was out of the question.
After this incident, the Divine Dao Alliance would certainly arrange for Spirit Realm experts to guard the entrance of the ruins.
Moreover, the rules regarding entrance fees might be entirely different now.
Going back would be walking right into a trap, and Lu Ming indeed needed to stay in the ruins.
After pondering for a while, Lu Ming raised his head and looked at Flame City in front of him.
“Let’s enter the city.”
Lu Ming reached out and tightened his grip on the city wall, then climbed up like a gecko..


CHAPTER-196
Chapter 196: Entering the City

Although the Flame City ruins were vast, in summary, it could be divided into three main areas.
First was the Door to the ruins and the Square. Although the square was spacious, it was only a drop in the ocean compared to the size of the ruins.
Second was Flame City.
As the residence of the remaining members of the Flame Clan back then, the size and magnificence of Flame City could be imagined!
Third was the forest behind Flame City.
The forest had the largest area, and it contained various natural materials and treasures that had long gone extinct in the outside world. However, compared to the prosperous Flame City, it seemed relatively barren.
Lu Ming did not enter the ruins for wealth. Considering the vast forest, it might have been a better choice for him.
However, Lu Ming chose Flame City instead.
There was only one reason for this.
This was because in Lu Ming’s opinion, the city was safer than the forest.
Flame City had numerous buildings, and more buildings meant limited visibility.
Lu Ming’s level was very low to begin with, and his aura was even less obvious in his Self-Limitation State. The only way to find Lu Ming was through visual observation.
With this in mind, the complex terrain of Flame City seemed like the perfect hiding place for Lu Ming!
“There’s also the factor of food and water.”
Lu Ming did not bring any supplies, but others did.
With more opportunities in the city, there would be more people. With more people, it would be more convenient for Lu Ming to gather supplies.
‘That’s right.’
Now that he was in a dilemma, Lu Ming could not help but do some bad things. Everything was for survival. When it came to survival, Lu Ming was not as stubborn.
“Moreover, I’m not doing anything bad. This is called revenge!”
He could not forget that the members from the Divine Dao Alliance had planned to search him and take his money. They struck first, so his counterattack was justified, right?
Climbing up the towering walls of Flame City, the massive cityscape unfolded before Lu Ming’s eyes.
Endless as far as the eye can see…
If one had to compare, the Flame City in front of Lu Ming was probably hundreds of times larger than Nanxiang!
In the city, the well-defined houses of the Flame Clan were densely packed, and lined up in an orderly manner.
The houses were of various sizes, standalone structures, and towering skyscrapers.
There were also passageways and corridor links connecting the high-rise buildings, making the entire city completely three-dimensional.
The huge area and the three-dimensional space utilization allowed this place to be explored, but there were shockingly many places to hide. This was also the reason why countless superhumans had explored less than a tenth of the city after a month!
And, this was just the outer city.
The inner city area was relatively small, but mostly consisted of extraordinary structures. The buildings were much stronger than those in the outer city, and there were countless deadly traps that greatly slowed down the exploration. Further in was the Imperial City District!
Until now, the door to the Imperial City District had not been breached by the explorers. What dangers and treasures lay inside remained a mystery to everyone!
“The saying ‘strewn with gold’ is not an exaggeration.”
Even Lu Ming, who was not greedy, could not help but be amazed by the opportunities hidden here.
Then, he thought of the Divine Dao Alliance, which wanted to monopolize these benefits…
With over a dozen Spirit Realm experts… Well, according to Lu Ming’s views, these few insignificant individuals probably would not be able to monopolize the opportunities.
Therefore, it was evident that the Divine Dao Alliance’s strength would surely suffer a backlash! This also meant that the situation in Flame City would be unimaginably chaotic in the future!
Lu Ming believed he should try to avoid getting involved in this…
“First, I’ll choose a safe and concealed location… No, first, I need to find supplies!”
First, he would gather enough food and water, then find a safe place to cultivate in seclusion. Let the chaos outside continue while Lu Ming would be done cultivating in peace.
Of course, this idea was somewhat idealistic—after all, trouble was not something he sought; it often came to him.
“But for now, this is the best course of action.”
Standing on the city wall and hiding most of his body in the arrow battlement, Lu Ming observed attentively and quickly found the trace he was looking for.
“It should be in that area.”
Unlike typical explorers who often operated in small groups without any structure, the Divine Dao Alliance, formerly known as the Divine Dao Gang, was the second-largest gang in Archean City.
Their rules were not strict, but at the very least, they were more organized than random wanderers. The people of Meijixi were also intelligent, and their methods of exploring the ruins were clearly different from the lone wanderers.
Like an army, Meijixi divided his subordinates into several systems.
There were the main exploration team, the supporting squads, the special forces, and the suicide team. Of course, there was no lack of logistics teams.
After the battle the day before, for the time being, the Divine Dao Alliance dominated Flame City. The Divine Dao Alliance naturally would not miss such a good opportunity.
They dispatched many exploration teams, along with bringing in a large amount of logistics. It was clear they were prepared for a prolonged battle within Flame City.
At this moment, Lu Ming was searching for the Divine Dao Alliance’s material storage warehouse!
It was quite conspicuous…
Because it could be easily found by following the wheel tracks.
Even if there were no wheel tracks, the commotion of a large gang like the Divine Dao Gang were the focus of attention for others. Back in the business district, the Rao Clan had sold many maps and similar items, and they even thoughtfully marked the stronghold of the enemy faction…
After silently climbing down the city wall, Lu Ming officially entered Flame City.
His black robe concealed his face. At the same time, Lu Ming’s size and face under the black robe also underwent a violent change under the slight adjustment of his Self-Limitation superpower.
Coupled with the concealment effect of the Self-Limitation state, Lu Ming had successfully completed his disguise before doing his job.
Relying on the complex architecture of the city, Lu Ming quickly approached a location that held the Divine Dao Alliance’s supplies.
He observed carefully and searched meticulously.
Very soon, Lu Ming had a plan.
“I don’t know how many experts are inside, but there’s definitely no Spirit Realm expert.”
“As for the high level Physique Realm, they’re highly unlikely to be here.”
A high level Physique Realm expert was more suitable to be the main force for exploration and not guarding a warehouse.
“In short, the warehouse’s defensive forces are sufficient to deal with ordinary thieves… but not enough to handle me!”
In his Desperate State, Lu Ming could completely erupt with strength comparable to the Level 7 of the Physique Realm. This strength could not be underestimated in the Black Mist Zone.
Moreover, the Divine Dao Alliance did not have just one warehouse… Every warehouse had Physique Realm Level 7 and above cultivators guarding them… Wasn’t that a joke?
Therefore, forcibly taking everything was a viable option.
However, Lu Ming absolutely would not do that…
There was no need to fight to the death for some food and water.
He walked into a building and started digging in the basement of this building.
Lu Ming’s fingers were like iron, digging through the ground as if he was digging tofu.
There was no need to cause much commotion at all. In just two hours, a tunnel had already been formed.
One end of the tunnel was connected to an inconspicuous ordinary house that had been looted many times. The other end was accurately opened directly below the material storage warehouse under Lu Ming’s precise calibration.
Coupled with Lu Ming’s stealth in the Self-Limitation state…
This was a perfect theft!
This was because no one would have thought that an expert like Lu Ming would go to such lengths to dig a tunnel for food and drinks.
Wasn’t that too much trouble?
Why not use this time to find opportunities elsewhere?
Two hours later, looking at the mountain of food and water in front of him, Lu Ming wiped the sweat on his forehead and smiled in satisfaction, “Perfect!”


CHAPTER-197
Chapter 197: Pursuit and Undeserved Calamity Disaster

The tunnel was not destroyed.
This time, Lu Ming did not take too many supplies—it was just a month’s worth of rations for himself.
Compared to the supplies in the warehouse, this was just a drop in the bucket, and no one would probably notice that anything was missing from the warehouse.
And a month later, this tunnel would definitely still be useful.
However, Lu Ming could not stay here for the time being.
Lu had to be cautious, in case someone discovered the tunnel and followed it to his doorstep. Lu Ming would become a sitting duck.
He temporarily left the supplies here and ventured out, preparing to find a safe hiding place.
“I need a place that doesn’t draw attention, somewhere that doesn’t look like it has any opportunities.”
“It’s best if it’s a place that others have already plundered.”
And there were many of such places in Flame City.
The countless towering skyscrapers had maximized the use of space, and this area was once the slums of Flame City.
There were naturally not many opportunities in the slums.
Lu Ming chose a tall building near the city gate, on the 232nd floor. He connected the two rooms and created a space big enough for him to cultivate Body Forging techniques.
“This should be enough.”
After moving the supplies back to his hiding place, it was already morning.
After eating, he took a short nap. When Lu Ming opened his eyes again, it was already the afternoon of the 188th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
While cultivating the Body Forging technique, Lu Ming adjusted his future training plan.
“Cheng Cheng and Wei Lan are not around, so daily cultivation is forced to stop.”
“However, the Body Forging technique can continue.”
Doing so made Lu Ming’s attribute acquisition slightly slower, but not much.
Compared to the upgrade in the Void Realm and the change in the system, Lu Ming felt that this was an acceptable trade-off.
“Therefore, I only hope that everything will be stable and peaceful from now on.”
The situation in Flame City was definitely not stable and peaceful.
There were fights and deaths happening all the time.
But Lu Ming had some insights into how to find a place of tranquility amid the chaos.
It boiled down to six words.
Accumulate more supplies, don’t look around.
Accumulating supplies meant having sufficient reserves and reducing the frequency of going out, or not going out at all!
Not looking around meant not being curious!
No matter how chaotic it was outside and how many people passed by, as long as they didn’t cross Lu Ming’s mental alert line, it had nothing to do with him. Why were they fighting? What did the outcome of the battle matter?
These were not the questions someone seeking tranquility needed to ponder.
In any case, Lu Ming, who fully adhered to the six-word maxim, did enjoy ten days of peace.
However, on the 198th day of the Black Mist Calendar, trouble came knocking at the door.
On this day, Lu Ming was cultivating the Body Forging technique.
However, he suddenly heard a huge explosion from the outside world.
Without a doubt, there was another fight outside… Moreover, from the sound, the commotion was not small. It was probably another battle between Spirit Realm experts.
Following the six words, Lu Ming stopped the Body Forging technique and restrained his aura. He minded his own business and waited for the situation to calm down.
Unexpectedly, the sound of fighting was getting closer and closer…
Soon, the tall building shook violently. The huge roar shook the entire building several times. The dust from above the ceiling fell onto Lu Ming’s head, making him look disheveled and dirty.
Before Lu Ming could recover from the shaking of the building, he heard another sound outside the window!
“Apelo, how dare you snatch something from our Divine Dao Alliance! You’re dead meat today!”
“The rest of you, enter the building and search! The other children of the Black Feather Tribe have all hidden in the nearby buildings!”
“Capture them all and kill them all! I, Li De, will send your Black Feather Tribe on your last journey today!”
However, Apelo did not say a word and continued to retreat while fighting.
Under Apelo’s pull, he and Li De quickly distanced themselves, but more footsteps came from downstairs.
This made Lu Ming sigh deeply.
“Troublesome.”
What was an undeserved calamity?
This was called an undeserved calamity.
You guys fight your battles, and Lu Ming mind his own business.
Unfortunately, the overall situation was indeed not good. Many villains did not understand Lu Ming’s aversion to conflict—this was one of those times.
Now, the members of the Divine Dao Alliance were searching the building.
While Lu Ming was not their target, if they discovered his presence, they would likely attack without hesitation.
In any case, Lu Ming felt that these people from the Divine Dao Alliance were quite overbearing and there was no reasoning with them.
Lu Ming could not be bothered to reason with them.
He looked at his supplies reserves—still more than half left.
After taking some high-energy food, Lu Ming quietly made his way out, planning to evade the search team temporarily and return later when the situation calmed down.
Lu Ming had confidence in his concealment ability.
Although his level was low, the inherent breath-concealing effect of his Self-Limitation state made him as inconspicuous as a roadside stone.
But it was either bad luck or that Lu Ming had underestimated the variety of abilities possessed by the superhumans of the world.
There were countless superhumans in the Black Mist Zone, each with unique superpowers, and some unique races had innate racial abilities….
In the end, Lu Ming was inconspicuous, but he was not completely invisible and had escaped into the void. If someone really wanted to find him, there were many ways in the Black Mist Zone!
At this moment, just as Lu Ming was leaving the building, a group of the Divine Dao Alliance members stormed into the building downstairs.
Among them was a peculiar intelligent creature with a tall, thin body and three eyes.
Despite its weak strength, it belonged to a unique race—the Three-Eyed Tribe. People of this race were born with three eyes, with the third eye possessing functions like “super vision,” “heat vision,” and “penetrating vision.”
It could be seen that his third eye moved slightly, and it quickly took in everything within the building.
“It’s right here!”
“Other than the three Black Feather Tribe members, there’s another person!”
As soon as the three-eyed man finished speaking, the leader, a Physique Realm expert, immediately roared, “Kill them all!”
They had no intention to discern whether Lu Ming was an enemy or not.
After all, they had the advantage in numbers and strength. Currently, the Divine Dao Alliance in Flame City was dominant. When they encountered outsiders, they usually slaughtered them without a second thought.
A total of more than ten Physique Realm experts took large strides and rushed in various directions, chasing their respective targets—on average, four Physique Realm experts were attacking one target.
Moreover, there would be backup on the way!
This was clearly not a low-level operation.
The speed of a Physique Realm expert was incredibly fast.
Just as Lu Ming had barely walked a hundred meters out of the door, a massive rumbling sound erupted from below.
When he turned to look behind him, he saw the floor cracking open, and right after that, a guy with a triangular head, green all over, resembling a humanoid mantis, had appeared behind Lu Ming!
This made Lu Ming furrow his brow, “Wait a minute, friend, don’t attack just yet. Give me a chance to talk!”
The mantis-like individual drew his two sabers and roared, “Die!”
“And by the way, I can’t understand a word you’re saying!”
Lu Ming had been trying to learn the common language lately, but with so little time and slow progress, he could not communicate fluently with others.
In this urgent situation, Lu Ming, in his haste, used Chinese, and it was perfectly reasonable that the other person could not understand.
As he saw the sharp sabers coming at him, the sharp saber qi had already caused goosebumps on Lu Ming’s skin.
This made Lu Ming’s gaze instantly darken.
“You bunch of idiots, why do you always have to push me?!”


CHAPTER-198
Chapter 198: Do You Know What “Subtlety” is?

Lu Ming had never believed that violence was the best way to solve problems.
But others did not think the same way.
In the Black Mist Zone, many people did not think so.
Lu Ming was no saint, and he didn’t like non-violent resistance. When the saber of an evil person was at his throat, Lu Ming had no choice but to raise his fists to protect his own life!
There was no longer any room for negotiation.
In front of him, those dual sabers were getting closer, even blowing Lu Ming’s hair out of place.
In front of him, malice spewed out of the mantis-man’s face. There was visible evil in the tyranny!
“What a shame…”
A faint voice came from Lu Ming’s mouth.
It was a pity his peaceful life had been disrupted.
It was a pity he could only use violence to protect his safety and dignity!
It was a pity he had no choice but to fight.
He took a step forward, as if he were willingly offering himself under the blades.
This stunned the mantis-man at first, and then he became even more cruelly excited!
As a Level Four Physique Realm expert, he was confident that he could behead this weakling in front of him with a single slash!
“Die!”
A malicious voice came from the mantis-man’s mouth.
He seemed to have already imagined the beautiful scene of blood gushing and a giant head rising into the air!
Until…
A loud “thud” broke all the beautiful fantasies of the mantis-man.
One could see his saber smashing into Lu Ming’s neck.
However, the result of the attack was not a cut on Lu Ming’s skin; instead, it caused the mantis-man’s hand to split open, and his body was pushed continuously back!
The malice in his eyes instantly turned into confusion.
He could not understand why, as a Level Four Physique Realm expert, his full-force strike would return empty-handed.
Lu Ming had an explanation for this.
In his Self-Limitation state, his basic physical fitness was between Level three and Level Four of the Physique Realm, which made him weaker than this mantis-man by a considerable margin.
But the terrifying part was Lu Ming’s subtle-level Source Power Armor!
Every cell in Lu Ming’s body was protected by the Source Power Armor at all times.
An analogy could be made.
A Perfect-Level Source Power Armor was like a single layer of steel plate.
Then, a Subtle-Level Source Power Armor was the stacking of countless layers of steel plates – it increased defense capabilities many times over!
In fact, even Lu Ming himself could not understand the limits of the Subtle-Level Source Power Armor.
Similar to the Source Power Armor, there was also the Subtle-Level Explosive Fist!
“It’s my turn!”
Lu Ming said to the somewhat dumbfounded mantis-man.
This time, he spoke the half-baked common language of the Black Mist Zone.
“Wait…”
The mantis-man acutely sensed that the situation was not good and hurriedly opened his mouth to stall for time.
However, Lu Ming did not give him the chance.
Since he had already decided to attack, he had to kill!
To put it bluntly, Lu Ming could not rest until all the dangers were completely eliminated today!
He bent down and pulled his arm!
Refinement Realm Explosive Fist, activate!
In an instant, there was a loud “boom.”
A cylindrical punch force shot out like a cannonball!
This punch force looked very strange because it seemed to have a mind of its own. Sometimes, it would stop beside Lu Ming and condense without dissipating. Sometimes, it would sway, as if it wanted to attack the mantis-man.
Although he could not understand Lu Ming’s moves, the mantis-man already knew that the man in front of him was definitely not as simple as his aura showed.
He slowly retreated with the cracked double sabers until Lu Ming bent down and punched again, activating the second fist force.
He stopped retreating.
It was not because he was shocked by Lu Ming’s strength—he actually did not understand Lu Ming’s strength.
It was only because reinforcements had arrived!
At the stairs, there was a dense sound of footsteps, like distant thunder.
Soon, three Physique Realm experts plus more than ten Mortal Realm superhumans rushed up in a chaotic manner. They immediately saw Lu Ming confronting the mantis-man and the fist force dragons surrounding Lu Ming.
“Grimm, what’s going on?”
The mantis-man named Grimm only shook his head, “I’m not sure. This guy is a little strange.”
Before he could finish speaking, Lu Ming had already thrown another punch.
So, there were now as many as three fist force dragons swirling around Lu Ming.
Then, Lu Ming threw another punch…
He continued to accumulate fist force dragons.
The people from the Divine Dao Alliance did not dare to act rashly. They just observed Lu Ming, seemingly trying to find his weaknesses.
Until explosions and battle cries came from below.
It was the other members of the Divine Dao Alliance who had already found the Black Feather Tribe members and engaged them in battle.
Apelo had brought only a few Black Feather Tribe members with him to begin with, and those who could fight had long died in the previous conflicts. The three Black Feather people who had taken refuge in the building were no match for the Divine Dao Alliance’s siege.
In less than a minute, the sounds of battle had already subsided. Soon, more members from the Divine Dao Alliance arrived and surrounded Lu Ming in the center.
At this moment, the fist force dragons swirling around Lu Ming had multiplied beyond counting!
Perhaps thinking that their side was strong enough and not being able to understand Lu Ming’s martial arts techniques, the leaders of the Divine Dao Alliance, at Level 7 of the Physique Realm did not see Lu Ming as a significant threat. They glanced at Lu Ming from the corner of their eyes while looking at their comrades.
“Have you found it?”
“We found it. We’ve already killed everyone except this one in front of us.”
The leader immediately sneered, “Then what are we waiting for?!”
He had to admit that the person in front of him was indeed a little demonic.
But in the face of absolute power, all his clever tricks were useless!
There were more than ten Physique Realm experts of the Divine Dao Alliance here. As long as that man was not a Spirit Realm expert, it was absolutely impossible for their side to fail!
Then was he a Spirit Realm expert?
Obviously not!
Then, with a wave of his hand, the leader commanded.
Endless killing intent burst forth and swept towards Lu Ming from all directions.
At this moment, Lu Ming finally raised his head and looked at the fist force dragons beside him.
“It’s about time…”
He muttered.
In the next second, following Lu Ming’s will, the countless fist force dragons roared and rushed in all directions!
The people of the Divine Dao Alliance actually could not understand what those fist force dragons beside Lu Ming were.
When the fist force dragons brazenly rushed towards them, they did not take these things seriously.
In their opinion, these things might be similar to the materialization of some kind of energy, no different from common energy bombs.
Therefore, they naturally thought that these things were not difficult to deal with.
Some Physique Realm experts erected an energy barrier and blocked the path of the fist force. There were even some Physique Realm experts who actually did not care about the fist force dragon that was flying towards them. They were prepared to resist it with their bodies and rush to Lu Ming’s side as soon as possible to weigh Lu Ming’s strength.
Whether it was defense or disregard, it was not out of Lu Ming’s expectations.
He simply watched everything happening around with a cold gaze, his expression remaining completely calm.
Because he only needed to understand one thing.
That was, when they had given him so much time to unleash so many micro-level explosive punches, the outcome of this battle had already been sealed!
When the first fist force dragon collided with the enemy, everything had already ended.
The leader charged at the forefront.
As the strongest person in the group, at level seven of the Physique Realm, this man had risen to prominence in the Divine Dao Gang because of his strength and his fearless approach to combat.
He was nicknamed “Blood Fury.”
It meant that once a fight broke out, he entered a state of bloodthirstiness, vowing not to stop until he had torn his enemies to pieces!
His combat style also seemed somewhat reckless—he did not care at all about the fist force dragons rushing towards him; he intended to use his body and strength to crush them and quickly squeeze the life out of Lu Ming!
When the fist force dragons collided with Blood Fury, Blood Fury was prepared to withstand the impact.
However, the logic of micro-level explosive punches was completely different from what Blood Fury had imagined!
Explosive Punch was a low-level but very lethal fist technique.
When punching, the explosive punches would ignite the mystery factors in the air and cause violent explosions!
However, after the Explosive Punches advanced to the microscopic level, their logic underwent a tremendous change.
The explosions became more focused, more concealed…
Or it could be said that the explosion of the explosive punch had evolved into annihilation at the microscopic level!
When the fist force dragon directly collided with Blood Fury, there was none of the expected impact or explosion.
The fist force simply penetrated Blood Fury’s chest without any resistance and emerged from behind him.
What it left on Blood Fury was a smooth transparent hole…
Blood Fury’s body instantly froze in place.
He slowly lowered his head to look at his chest.
There, on the edges of the wound on his chest, the strong and resilient muscles had turned into crystallized carbon, resembling pure black crystals.
The madness on his face instantly disappeared, replaced by confusion and deep fear.
This was because the fist force dragon had slowly circled around to wrap around Blood Fury’s neck…
Yes, it pierced through its chest without wasting much of the strength of the fist force dragon.
It even had enough strength, under Lu Ming’s control, to deliver a finishing blow to Blood Fury.
In just a twist and turn, the renowned Blood Fury lost his head…
He was dead.
Swiftly and decisively!
Blood Fury’s death, like a mute button, silenced all the sounds in the entire arena.
A moment later, Lu Ming nodded slightly, very satisfied with the power of the Refinement Realm Explosive Fist.
The atmosphere among the Divine Dao Alliance members instantly plummeted to freezing point!
Because after killing Blood Fury, the fist force dragon with a sweep of its tail came charging at the others.
Accompanying it were countless fist force dragons!
Just as everyone from the Divine Dao Alliance was still frozen, the fist force dragons suddenly accelerated and charged towards everyone!
I gave you a chance earlier, but you didn’t want to talk to me.
Now, Lu Ming did not see the need to talk to them about trivial matters anymore…
Like a gentle breeze passing by.
This was the wind brought about by the fist force dragons as they swayed.
When the fist force dragons killed, there was no sound or light this was exactly the effect Lu Ming wanted.
Quietly killing, without causing too much commotion. Otherwise, it would be bad if he attracted more enemies.
In just three seconds, the fist force dragon group swept away everything in sight! Then, the sounds of severed limbs and arms falling to the ground continued.
These were the sounds of dismemberment.
Looking at the wiped out enemies, Lu Ming put his hands in his pockets and nodded slightly.
“This is the power of the micro-level, something you all don’t understand…”
After muttering in a low voice, the fist force dragons still did not dissipate but returned to Lu Ming’s side.
They stuck their heads out one by one and looked behind Lu Ming. Heg also turned around and looked behind him.
“Do you understand?”
As soon as he asked this, he saw the light distorted 20 meters behind him. Soon, a mysterious person in a hood appeared out of thin air in the direction Lu Ming was looking at.
The mysterious person glanced at Lu Ming and then at the fist force dragons swirling around him.
Under the hood, his face revealed a slightly troubled smile.
As if he was vexed that he had been discovered by Lu Ming.
After some thought, this person took off his hood and scratched his silver hair.
“I know a thing or two…”
With that said, this person seemed to have thought of something and hastily waved his hand and added,
“Oh right, let me make it clear first. I’m not with them, and 1 don’t have any ill intentions towards you..”


CHAPTER-199
Chapter 199: Roda

The man who appeared in front of Lu Ming had a baby face and exquisite facial features, making him appear young.
His full head of silver hair did not indicate old age, but rather a unique hair color.
He stood at around 1.8 meters tall, with a physique similar to that of a human. Overall, he looked like a punk among humans…
Lu Ming could not discern this man’s race, but his close resemblance did create a slight favorable impression in Lu Ming’s mind.
But not much… really not much….
There was a saying that the environment could change a person.
The overall environment in the Black Mist Zone was chaotic and sinister, and Lu Ming did not want to resort to violence, but given the circumstances, he often had to use force to solve the problems.
At this moment, this silver-haired man said that he had no ill intentions towards Lu Ming.
Did Lu Ming believe him?
Definitely not… and he could not believe it either.
Even before the apocalypse, Lu Ming knew that bad people would not admit they were bad people. Even a fool would not call himself a fool.
Not to mention in a post-apocalyptic world where order had been overturned.
Waving his hand gently, Lu Ming sighed,
“I’m sorry, I don’t believe you.”
“I will have to ask you to die quickly. I’m in a hurry.”
As soon as he said that, the fist force dragons had already swarmed forward, baring their fangs and brandishing their claws as if they were about to tear the silver-haired man into pieces.
However, an unexpected scene occurred that Lu Ming had not anticipated.
The silver-haired man just smiled bitterly and said, “Alright, you’ll understand soon.”
As soon as he finished speaking, a faint light emanated from his body.
This faint light was like a purifying light, shining on the fist force dragons and instantly purifying the fist power dragons completely!
He effortlessly neutralized Lu Ming’s micro-level explosive punch!
And the fleeting aura on his body made Lu Ming furrow his brow.
Without any further action, Lu Ming simply nodded and said, “This time, 1 believe you.”
“Because there’s no need for a Spirit Realm expert to tell me so much…”
The law of the jungle prevailed in the Black Mist Zone.
The strong oppressed the weak, it was only natural.
And a Spirit Realm expert did not need to say so much to someone relatively weaker; this already demonstrated his sincerity.
Yes, this silver-haired man was a Spirit Realm expert!
Seeing that Lu Ming had already guessed his strength, The silver-haired man smiled and said, “You’re not going to fight me this time?”
However, he did not see fear in Lu Ming’s eyes… Instead, he saw a black light slowly emanating from Lu Ming’s eyes…
The silver-haired man’s smile instantly disappeared.
“There’s really no need to fight me.”
He seemed to know that Lu Ming was preparing to activate the Void Realm and seemed to understand the power of the Void Realm.
Lu Ming shook his head slightly,”There’s nothing wrong with being cautious.”
The silver-haired man sighed, “Alright.”
Without looking at Lu Ming, he took the initiative to bypass Lu Ming and approached the bodies of the members of the Divine Dao Alliance.
Bending down and searching through the relatively clean pile of corpses, the silver-haired man spoke,
“At present, the Divine Dao Alliance is powerful within Flame City, with nearly twenty Spirit Realm experts wreaking havoc in the city, unstoppable wherever they go.”
“However, their main target is the restrictions in the Imperial City District. Killing is not their goal. Their goal is to seek wealth. The master of the array formation in the Divine Dao Alliance has been working on it, and made progress yesterday.”
After saying this, the silver-haired man suddenly cheered like a child.
“I found it!”
He turned around and spread his hands, displaying an item in front of Lu Ming.
It was a golden round sphere with intricate patterns of unknown purpose on it.
“This is the key to unlocking the restrictions in the Imperial City District created by the array formation master of the Divine Dao Alliance.”
With that said, the silver-haired man smiled and added, “But we took it from them.”
This made Lu Ming come to a realization, “Are you in cahoots with the Black Feather Tribe member, Apelo?”
The silver-haired man shook his head and said, “It’s just a temporary cooperative relationship.”
Lu Ming nodded in understanding and did not ask further.
After summarizing, Lu Ming finally understood the root cause of this battle.
The Divine Dao Alliance had created the key to enter the Imperial City District, but it had been snatched away by the enemy faction. This was the source of today’s unexpected calamity.
As for the details, Lu Ming did not ask further and did not care.
He just watched as the silver-haired man, who was overjoyed with the key, slowly walked away.
He was about to leave.
Find another place to continue farming his attributes.
Unexpectedly, the silver-haired man stood up and looked at Lu Ming, saying, “Where are you planning to go?”
Lu Ming frowned, “It’s none of your business.”
The silver-haired man smiled, “Indeed, it’s none of my business, but this thing is considered your spoils of war. I can’t help but feel a little apologetic if I just take it away.”
He waved the key in his hand and said to Lu Ming.
Lu Ming did not want to be involved in these troublesome matters.
He simply and generously said, “It’s a gift for you.”
This made the silver-haired man chuckle, “You’re quite an interesting person. Do you know how valuable this thing is? With it, you can enter the Imperial City District ahead of others and explore the opportunities inside.”
Lu Ming could not be bothered to say another word.
Lu Ming quickly walked downstairs and reached the entrance of the building when he saw the silver-haired man again.
He then heard the silver-haired man say, “1 just checked your temporary residence. You have plenty of food in there, and there are few signs of you going out. I guess you’ve been stuck in Flame City, right? After all, the exit of the ruins has been controlled by the Divine Dao Alliance, and you obviously aren’t one of them.”
The silver-haired man’s words made Lu Ming frown.
I don’t mean to pry, but what exactly are you up to? Can you give me a straight answer?”
A Spirit Realm expert was nagging in his ear, but he did not have any hostility.
This left Lu Ming puzzled about the silver-haired man’s motives.
The silver-haired man’s expression turned serious.
“Would you believe me if 1 said that I cherish talent?”
“I do. And then?”
“It’s very dangerous for you to be out there on your own. I can provide you with a safe place. Well, I can’t say that it’s absolutely safe, but at least it’s much safer than your place.”
Lu Ming was silent. After a moment, he said, “What’s the price? What price do 1 have to pay?”
The silver-haired man laughed, “Your friendship, what do you think?”
After thinking for a long time, Lu Ming nodded slightly.
“Lu Ming.”
“Roda.”
For Lu Ming, he could not say whether he could trust Roda, but at the very least, Roda had not shown any hostility towards him.
If he wanted to attack him, he could have done it already; there was no need for these roundabout tactics.
That’s why Lu Ming felt that taking a chance and going with him would not be too risky.
As for Roda, he did find Lu Ming interesting.
“Micro-level Explosive Fist?”
“Yes.”
“It’s unimaginable… It’s unimaginable that someone would have the patience to cultivate a Mortal Realm Source Power Skill to such an extent… Moreover, if I’m not wrong, your Source Power Armor is also at the micro-level, right?”
“Hmph.”
“Tsk, tsk, tsk. you’re a genius… How old are you this year?”
“Twenty-six.”
“Tsk, tsk, tsk.”
Roda let out a long sigh.
Lu Ming’s strength did not have anything particularly outstanding – probably at level three or level four of the Physique Realm. For his age, it was not an impressive achievement.
But two micro-level source power techniques were quite terrifying.
Lu Ming was also deep in thought.
This Roda was quite knowledgeable..


CHAPTER-200
Chapter 200: Friend

Roda seemed to have spent a long time in Flame City, and his familiarity with the surrounding environment far surpassed Lu Ming’s.
Furthermore, Roda had a mysterious background. Despite his young age, he possessed Spirit Realm strength and mastered several unusual Source Power skills, such as the invisibility ability he had demonstrated earlier.
It was worth mentioning that this invisibility ability could also cover others.
Under the protection of Roda’s invisibility Source Power skill, the two of them traveled smoothly without any hindrance.
After passing through the outer city area, they confidently swaggered past the Divine Dao Alliance’s checkpoints in the inner city area, and entered into the inner city.
After walking for about an hour, the two of them finally stopped in front of a mansion.
“We’re here.”
Roda turned to Lu Ming with a smile and made an inviting gesture.
Lu Ming shook his head and said, “You first.”
Roda shrugged and stepped into the courtyard.
The inner city of Flame City was also known as the affluent district.
During Flame City’s heyday, only high-ranking officials and nobles resided in this area. As a result, there were no towering skyscrapers in the inner city; instead, there were individual villas hidden behind winding paths.
At this moment, the house that Lu Ming and Roda had entered did not look particularly remarkable from the outside.
After pushing open the door and walking in, they could see that the porch was broken and the pillars had collapsed. These traces were very fresh. Clearly, this place had been visited by explorers recently.
Following Roda further, as they walked, Lu Ming heard Roda speak softly.
“On the surface, there’s nothing special about this place, but in fact, this house conceals a hidden world.”
“During the late stages of Flame City’s existence, the Three Kings Rebellion broke out… which directly led to the destruction of the Flame Clan.”
“And this place is King Lin’s secret residence.”
After a brief conversation, the two of them arrived at a rockery in the courtyard. Roda stretched out his hand, and with a faint glow in his hand, the rockery floated up, revealing a deep cavity underneath.
“Below is the place where King Lin secretly trained the death warriors.”
“I only discovered this place by chance.”
With that said, Roda was the first to walk into the underground passage.
Descending through the tunnel, their vision gradually widened, revealing a vast underground space.
In the center of the underground space was a massive martial arts arena, surrounded by numerous ancient weapons, silently narrating the former glory of this place.
On both sides of the martial arts arena were moderately-sized individual rooms.
Perhaps because they had heard the footsteps of the two of them, voices came from the surrounding rooms.
Lu Ming looked over and saw an old man and a woman walking out of their rooms.
The two of them had looks and hair color similar to Roda and seemed to be of the same race.
The old man had a venerable appearance with bright eyes, and his aura was not overt but certainly not weak.
The woman was beautiful and youthful, appearing slightly younger than Roda.
“City Lord.”
“Brother.”
The elderly man and the young woman greeted Roda differently. Roda smiled and gestured to Lu Ming.
“This is Uncle Lu. This is my cousin, Roxin.”
With that said, he looked at Uncle Lu and Roxin. “This is a friend 1 met outside. His name is Lu Ming.”
Lu Ming could vaguely sense that Uncle Lu and Roxin were looking at him strangely, but they did not have any ill intentions.
He nodded at the two of them and heard Luo Xin smilingly said, “Brother, you’ve actually made friends on your own initiative. That’s quite rare…”
Roda scratched his head, smiling to hide his embarrassment. He then said to Uncle Lu, “By the way, Uncle Lu, prepare a room for Little Brother Lu Ming. He’ll be staying here for the time being.”
Uncle Lu nodded and said, “Understood.”
In the huge underground space, there were only Roda, Roxin and Uncle Lu.
Including Lu Ming, there were only four people in total.
However, the supplies here were quite substantial. There was plenty of food in several rooms, and there was even a ready-made well nearby, which solved the water problem.
After briefly tidying up his small room, Lu Ming went out to look for Roda.
Seeing Lu Ming visit, Roda seemed quite pleased, but Lu Ming got straight to the point.
“I need to talk to you.”
“First of all, I thank you for providing me with shelter and protection.”
“Secondly, let’s not talk about friendship for now. If you want something from me, you can just say it directly. Don’t keep me in suspense. 1 don’t like guessing games.”
Lu Ming had always been straightforward.
For the sake of friendship, words like this were too vague for Lu Ming.
At this moment, although Roda looked sincere and treated Lu Ming sincerely, Lu Ming did not believe that he could easily make friends with a Spirit Realm expert…
Lu Ming believed that he did not have a protagonist’s aura.
Lu Ming’s straightforwardness made Roxin frown, while Uncle Lu remained expressionless. Roda, on the other hand, was lost in thought.
Soon, Roda said, “Valuing talent and wanting to make friends are indeed the reasons 1 brought you here.”
Lu Ming was about to speak again when Roda said, “Of course, after we become friends, it’s only natural for friends to help and support each other. That’s what friends do.”
So, making friends was just a cover; the real focus was on helping and supporting each other.
Lu Ming thought for a moment and said, “So we’re already friends now. What do you want me to do for you?”
Speaking of this, Roda immediately perked up.
He said seriously, “I want to see how powerful a micro-level Source Power Skill is!”
As soon as these words were spoken, Roxin and Uncle Lu were immediately stunned. The two of them looked at Lu Ming in unison, as if they could not believe that this-looking guy had actually mastered a Source Power Skill to the micro-level!
It had to be known that weak Source Power Skills were not worth investing much effort into.
As for powerful Source Power Skills, their cultivation speed was generally extremely slow!
Even though the three of them were from large clans, they had rarely heard of anyone mastering a Source Power skill to the micro-level, let alone seen it!
Then, he thought of the attributes of that martial arts lunatic, Roda…
From the looks of it, it made sense for Roda to take the initiative to build a relationship with Lu Ming.
Hearing Roda’s words, Lu Ming said, “Didn’t you already witness it before?”
Roda shook his head, “Not enough, far from enough!”
“Moreover, without experiencing it personally, it’s difficult for me to grasp the intricacies of it.”
“So, Brother Lu Ming.”
As he spoke, Roda bowed politely to Lu Ming,
“Please take care of me in the future.”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and nodded gently, “Then 1 won’t hesitate to disturb you for a while.”
After a simple dinner at this place, Lu Ming looked for Roda again.
“From now on, I’ll practice with you for an hour every day. Is that enough?”
Roda nodded, “It’s enough.”
“Then let’s begin now.”
With that said, Lu Ming asked, “Source Power Armor or Explosive Fist, Which one do you want to start with?”
Roda thought for a moment and provided his answer.
“Source Power Armor..”


CHAPTER-201
Chapter 201: The Limits of the Source Power Armor

Roda had already seen the Explosive Fist before.
Now he wanted to witness the Source Power Armor, which was only fair.
Hearing Roda’s answer, Lu Ming did not hesitate.
Following his thought, Lu Ming moved a little, and the Source Power Armor that protected every cell in his body began to emit a radiant glow.t
In an instant, Lu Ming’s entire body was illuminated by a blue light, dazzling and mysterious.
“Source Power Armor at the micro level truly lives up to its name. It permeates every cell, essentially layering countless shields of Source Power Armor around the user.
“Compared to the Perfect Level, the defensive capabilities of Micro-level Source Power Armor are increased many times over!”
“Moreover, once I’ve cultivated the Source Power Armor to the Micro level, it becomes more of a passive ability, requiring very little Source Power to maintain, providing continuous protection.”
“Right now, I’m radiating blue light just to make it clearer for you, but under normal circumstances, Micro-level Source Power Armor doesn’t emit any light.”
Lu Ming briefly explained the effects of Micro-level Source Power Armor, and Roda’s face lit up with joy.
It was the joy of a hunter who had found his prey!
Roda was nicknamed the “Martial Madman”.
From his nickname, one could tell this person’s personality.
“May I touch it?”
After Roda asked this question, Lu Ming thought for a moment and nodded, “Sure.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Lu Ming felt a pair of large hands pinch his shoulders.
It had to be admitted that the scene of the two grown men touching each other might seem a bit awkward. And it did make Uncle Lu and Roxin raise their eyebrows and joke about it.
But neither Roda nor Lu Ming had any discomfort about it – to a certain extent, the two of them were both straightforward individuals….
After a while, Roda retracted his hand and sighed in satisfaction. “Excellent!
It’s truly excellent!”
He also cultivated the Source Power Armor, but his level was very low.
This was because he had another higher level protective technique on him—but no matter how high level the protective technique was, it was also derived from the Source Power Armor.
To put it bluntly, the Source Power Armor was the ancestor of all protective techniques.
Therefore, researching the Micro-level Source Power Armor could also deepen Roda’s comprehension of other protective techniques.
From the looks of it, he seemed to have made some gains as well.
After savoring the experience for a long time, Roda opened his eyes again and said respectfully to Lu Ming, “1 have another presumptuous request.”
Lu Ming asked, “What is it?”
“Can I observe in more detail how the Source Power Armor performs when under attack?”
Lu Ming frowned and was somewhat reluctant.
—because it meant he would become a punching bag.
Perhaps sensing Lu Ming’s unwillingness, Roda hurriedly added, “I’m willing to pay any price for this!”
This might be the world of the Martial Fanatics…
There was nothing more important than gaining greater strength and higher-level Source Power Skills.
Seeing the eager and somewhat pleading expression on Roda’s face, Lu Ming could not help but think of himself….
It was a similar obsession.
It was a single-minded pursuit of ultimate power!
People with such a mindset shared a distinct characteristic—simplicity.
Thinking of the word ‘simplicity’, Lu Ming could not help but smile.
“Alright, I agree.”
“As for the price, well, there’s no need for any price. Just treat it as help between friends.”
Roda was initially surprised but soon smiled in response.
In order to better experience the defense capabilities of Micro-level Source Power Armor, Roda asked for Uncle Lu’s assistance.
He rested his hand on Lu Ming’s shoulder and explained to Lu Ming and Uncle Lu, “When Uncle Lu attacks later, Lu Ming, circulate the Source Power Armor. I’ll observe in detail the operating logic of the Micro-level Source Power Armor through touch and protect Lu Ming at the same time.”
After saying this, Roda looked at Uncle Lu. “Lu Ming’s current strength is probably at Physique Realm Level 3. Uncle Lu, you will use your strength at Physique Realm Level 4 first.”
The difference in power between each level of the Physique Realm was significant.
However, if the Micro-level Source Power Armor could not even withstand attacks across levels, it would not be worth studying.
Hearing Roda’s words, Lu Ming and Uncle Lu nodded in unison. After Lu Ming was fully prepared, Uncle Lu threw a punch at him.
The fist struck Lu Ming’s right shoulder.
There was a loud “thud” but Lu Ming did not move at all. Instead, Uncle Lu frowned and suddenly retracted his fist, gently rubbing his wrist.
Uncle Lu commented, “That’s quite strong resistance, at least 80% of the force of my punch.”
Roda, meanwhile, was carefully observing the subtle changes in the Source Power Armor, and he asked Lu Ming, “Can you still withstand the strength?”
Lu Ming nodded, “It was very easy for me.”
So, Uncle Lu exerted more strength!
Lu Ming easily withstood a punch from a Level 5 Physique Realm expert.
It was the same for a punch at Level 6 of the Physique Realm!
He did not know how strong Uncle Lu was. In short, he kept increasing his strength. Even if he reached Level 9 of the Physique Realm, he could easily do it without any pressure!
However, Lu Ming was under pressure…
“It’s the limit.”
After resisting a punch from a Level 9 Physique Realm expert, Lu Ming could not help but take two steps back. The Source Power Armor in his body vaguely showed signs of collapsing under the huge force. Lu Ming also felt a sharp pain in his shoulder.
“Therefore, the A/Iicro-Level Source Power Armor used with the strength of the Level 3 Physique Realm can withstand the attack of the Level 9 Physique Realm.”
This time, Lu Ming had finally found the upper limit of his defense.
Behind him, Roda slowly retracted his hand with a thoughtful expression.
Soon, he arrived in the center of the martial arts arena without saying a word. Endless golden light bloomed from the surface of his body.
“Thank you, Mr. Lu.”
Uncle Lu said to Lu Ming and then pointed at Roda. “The City Lord has gained some insights. Now, he’s verifying his theories.”
Lu Ming nodded in understanding.
This marked the end of today’s sparring session.
Of course, there was no rest.
Lu Ming was not here to be a sparring partner, but to farm attributes.
On the other side, Roda did not say a word and only kept circulating his Body Fortification technique. His entire body seemed to have entered a state of enlightenment.
On the other side, Lu Ming assumed a posture and began to cultivate the Body Forging Technique.
One repetition after another….
In the beginning, Roxin and Uncle Lu did not pay much attention to Lu Ming. However, as Lu Ming began to cultivate his fifth repetition of the Body Forging Technique, the two of them looked at each other.
“This person seems quite diligent…”
Roxin whispered. As she spoke, Uncle Lu also nodded and looked at Roda, who was still in a state of contemplation.
“Compared to Young Master, he’s quite impressive.”
The two of them looked at Lu Ming and then at Roda.
One cultivated the Body Forging technique, and the other circulated the Body Fortification technique.
Although their cultivation focuses were different, their expressions were remarkably similar – a kind of intense concentration, as if they were carved from the same mold.
Soon, four to five hours passed.
Roda stopped cultivating first and without exchanging a word with anyone, he returned to his room with a tired and thoughtful expression.
Lu Ming also stopped practicing, bidding farewell to Roxin and Uncle Lu before retiring to his room to rest.
This scene made Roxin smile wryly.
“No wonder my brother wants to be friends with him.”
“I thought my brother is quite obsessed. This person’s obsession might not be inferior to my brother’s.”
Uncle Lu nodded in agreement, wearing an expression of acknowledgment..


CHAPTER-202
Chapter 202: Spirit Realm Source Power Skill and Divine Source!

Roxin and Uncle Lu had underestimated Lu Ming.
They did not understand obsession…
The next day, Lu Ming demonstrated to the two of them the true meaning of the word ‘obsession’!
In the morning, Roxin made breakfast. After breakfast, Roda continued to cultivate his Body Fortification Technique while Lu Ming began to cultivate his Body Forging Technique.
The four of them seemed to have nothing to do.
Lu Ming and Roda were fine, as they were the kind of people who could immerse themselves in cultivation and could not extricate themselves from their cultivation.
This made it seem like Uncle Lu and Roxin were a bit idle.
Their only pastime was to cultivate for a while before watching others cultivate. In the past, they could only watch Roda cultivate, but now, there was Lu Ming as well.
However, it would have been better not to watch. When they did watch, their minds were bombarded with tons of images of Lu Ming practicing the Body Forging Technique!
In the morning, he practiced the Body Forging Technique.
In the afternoon, he practiced the Body Forging Technique.
In the evening, he would have a sparring partner for an hour before continuing his Body Forging Technique…
By the end of the night, Roxin and Uncle Lu felt like their heads were spinning, and their minds were filled with images of Lu Ming cultivating the Body Forging Technique.
And the same thing happened again the next day…
Then, it happened again the day after that…
Roxin even wondered if she had fallen into some terrifying time loop.
Day 205 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Accompanied by Roda’s surprised cheers, his Body Protective technique successfully advanced with Lu Ming’s help—not to the extent of perfection, but smoothly enough.
But, it was a significant improvement nonetheless.
During lunch, Roda extended an invitation to Lu Ming, “How about going out to relax? It’s not advisable to always stay cooped up; it’s not good for progress and one’s state of mind.”
Roda’s proposal was politely declined by Lu Ming.
“I think it’s fine as it is.”
Roda had to shrug and say, “Alright…”
In the afternoon, Roda left with Uncle Lu.
It was unknown if they were going out to relax or for some other purpose.
Lu Ming did not care and continued with his training regimen.
Up to this day, the frequency and brightness of the attribute panel had been increasing.
Lu Ming had a premonition.
Changes in the system might be imminent.
Roda and Uncle Lu were gone for a full three days.
On the 208th day in the Black Mist Calendar, the two of them returned with injuries, looking weary.
During dinner, Lu Ming learned the news from the two of them.
“The Divine Dao Alliance is mass-producing keys to enter the Imperial City District. Currently, some people can already enter the Imperial City District.”
And Roda also had one of those keys.
He brought Uncle Lu into the Imperial City District and they encountered enemies inside.
They did not provide detailed information about the battle, and Lu Ming did not inquire further. All he knew was that after dinner, Roda came to him alone.
It’s for you. I found it in the Imperial City District.”
Roda smiled and handed over a Source Power Skill Sealing Ball. “It’s a Spirit
Realm Source Power Skill.”
Lu Ming felt that this item was somewhat precious, and he opened his mouth and was about to decline.
But he heard Roda chuckled and said, “Consider it a gift between friends.”
This made Lu Ming silent for a moment before nodding and accepting the Source Power Skill from Roda’s hand.
The gift Roda gave Lu Ming was a Source Power Skill called the Ten Directions Tyrant Fist.
“I’ve learned this Source Power Skill. After learning it, 1 feel that it would suit you very well,” Roda explained.
Having witnessed Lu Ming’s Micro-Level Explosive Fist before, Roda thought that Lu Ming was primarily focused on cultivating fist techniques. Therefore, after he obtained the Ten Direction Tyrant Fist, he immediately thought of Lu Ming.
Lu Ming mobilized his Source Power and delved into the Source Power Ball.
In just three seconds, the Ten Directions Tyrant Fist had already appeared in Lu Ming’s attribute panel.
Ten Directions Tyrant Fist (Beginner) (1/100): A Spirit Realm Source Power Skill. This technique emphasizes overwhelming power with its form! When you use this fist technique, your Spiritual Pressure intensity will surge, intimidating and killing your enemies!
“You have preliminary mastered the use of Ten Directions Tyrant Fist. Your overall attributes+3000, free attribute points+3000!”
Spirit Realm Source Power Skills provided Lu Ming with ten times the attributes of a Body Realm Source Power Skill and a hundred times the attributes of a Mortal Realm Source Power Skill!
Apart from that, the term ‘Spiritual Pressure’ was also a term Lu Ming had never heard of.
But none of this mattered!
What truly mattered was…
When these 3,000 attribute points surged into Lu Ming’s body, not only did Lu Ming’s body tense up and his strength increase exponentially, but he also saw the entire attribute panel emit a sudden, brilliant glow!
This light, visible only to Lu Ming, was so sudden that it even made his eyes blur.
After the light dissipated, Lu Ming saw that the attribute panel had already calmed down. Although the entire attribute panel was still flickering, the brightness and frequency were much weaker than before.
At the same time, a new line of text appeared on his attribute panel.
Divine Source Points: 1!
‘Divine Source Points?’
Lu Ming silently repeated these words in his heart.
Soon, an inexplicable message entered Lu Ming’s mind, helping him to understand the significance of these Divine Source Points!
The essence of Divine Source Points is the origin of the gods!
The system has digitized the Divine Source and made it applicable in the following directions:
1: Consume 1 Divine Source Point to double all your attributes!
2: Consume 1 Divine Source Point to increase your level by one level!
3: Consume 1 Divine Source Point to increase the proficiency of any skill by one level!
4: Consume 1 Divine Source Point to produce a beneficial evolution of any of your superpowers, with the evolution direction uncontrollable but the outcome is positive.
5: Unknown (Your level is insufficient)…
6…
There were more than ten items in total. Although Lu Ming’s level was insufficient and he could only see the effects of the first four items, even so, the use of these Divine Source Points was still very astonishing!
Doubling attributes, leveling up, increasing skill proficiency, and evolving superpowers!
The effect of the Divine Source Points left Lu Ming wide-eyed in amazement.
Roda, who was standing by, thought that Lu Ming was thrilled by the Ten Directions Tyrant Fist!
He smiled at Lu Ming until he regained his composure. Then, Roda asked, “So, how do you like this gift?”
After a moment of daze, Lu Ming nodded and said, “It’s great, very great.”
“That’s good. By the way, if you have any questions, feel free to ask me.”
Lu Ming pondered for a moment and asked softly, “Spiritual Pressure?”
Roda explained, “It’s the exclusive ability of Spirit Realm experts… Unlike Physique Realm experts who are at best skilled individuals, Spirit Realm experts, even within major clans, are considered top-tier figures, often dominating their domains.’
“The key is their Spiritual Pressure. Under its influence, the Physique Realm experts have no resistance… just like this.”
With that said, Roda’s tiger body shook. Lu Ming could feel an inexplicable aura spreading out from Roda’s body and suppressing his body.
First, Lu Ming felt his body becoming heavy, and then his mind grew hazy.
Lu Ming bit the tip of his tongue and came back to his senses, but he still felt physically uncomfortable, with his combat strength at least halved!
“Moreover, the strength of Spirit Realm experts surpassed that of Physique Realm experts. Coupled with spiritual pressure, Spirit Realm experts can easily defeat Physique Realm experts as if slaughtering chickens!”
As he spoke, Roda retracted his Spiritual Pressure. He was about to encourage Lu Ming that it was already impressive for him to have such an achievement at his age.
But Lu Ming asked another question.
“Then… What is the essence of the Divine Source?”
Roda was stunned.
“You don’t know about this?”
Lu Ming:”???”
Lu Ming shook his head and said, “I really don’t know.”
Roda said, “You should at least have heard of the Heaven Ascension Stairs, right? And you should know about the gods, right?”
Lu Ming nodded, “1 know about those…”
“‘The essence of the Divine Source is something only the gods possess… In essence, the Heaven Ascension Stairs is a group of people seizing the Divine Source to undergo the transformation from the Ancient Realm to the Divine Realm.”
After explaining, Roda gave Lu Ming a strange look. “Even kids know this. How could you not know? Have you been training your Body Forging techniques to the point of becoming oblivious? 1 think you really should go out and relax, get in touch with the outside world…”
Roda rambled on, not thinking too deeply about it.
However, Lu Ming fell into deep thought again.
After a long time, Lu Ming suddenly gasped and felt cold sweat seep out of his forehead.
“Damn, there’s a god in this ruin!”
He finally realized..


CHAPTER-203
Chapter 203: Continuous Advancement

First, it was the Hachima An Void Realm, and now the ruin.
Lu Ming was someone who liked to summarize things.
A long time ago, Lu Ming already had a rough understanding of the logic behind how he could poach people from the ruin.
It was a three-dimensional increase in the body. The system would absorb the mystery factors of the outside world and dig up the roots of the ruin.
It involved a premise.
There had to be relevant things outside for the system to dig into. Without them, the system could only mine mystery factors!
Being inside the ruin, it was only natural for the system to poach people from the ruin to upgrade the Void Realm.
However, now, the system had dug out Divine Source Points! And Divine Source Points could only be obtained from gods!
The meaning of this was crystal clear!
Lu Ming was suddenly dumbfounded…
Damn, what was going on!
On the other side, Roda was still talking incessantly, completely unaware of Lu Ming’s abnormality.
Until Lu Ming spoke up, “Um, if 1 want to leave this ruin now… is there a chance?”
Roda could not help but be stunned, “It’s tough. The Divine Dao Alliance has sealed the entrance to the ruin… However, this situation won’t last long. I’ve already contacted reinforcements, and the Divine Dao Alliance won’t be arrogant for much longer.”
Lu Ming did not pay much attention to the rest of what Roda said. He only knew that he could not leave for the time being.
After a few words of reassurance to Roda, Lu Ming returned to his room, still pondering how to leave the Flame Clan ruin.
However, after thinking for less than two minutes, Lu Ming suddenly felt that something was wrong with his train of thought…
Where can I even run to?!
Yes, there was a god in the ruin. The god was very strong. Lu Ming had to reassess the danger of the ruin.
However, even if Lu Ming managed to run out of the ruin, where could he go?
The Southern Mountains were only a few hours away, which was practically under the nose of a deity…
Move again?
What if he encountered other dangers?
“Moreover, the gods in this ruin might not be in the right state.”
The system’s poaching was done secretly and silently.
However, it was too ridiculous to say that the Divine Spirits could not sense the loss of their Divine Source…
This level of nonsense was just like how ordinary people could not sense their blood being drawn.
“Therefore, there must be something wrong with the state of the gods here!”
After confirming this, Lu Ming thought again.
If we can’t leave the ruins, there’s no point in going out. There’s still a problem with the gods in this ruin.
So what should I do?
After thinking for nearly ten minutes, Lu Ming suddenly gritted his teeth!
“I’ll beat him to death!”
The gods here were like a treasure mine.
Although there was the risk of this treasure mine collapsing at any time, the treasures produced were indeed shocking—Divine Source Points!
Coupled with the fact that Lu Ming had already been locked in the mine, he had to bear the risk of the mine collapsing if he mined. Even if he did not mine, he still had to bear the risk of the mine collapsing…
So, do you think Lu Ming would mine?
Of course, he wanted to poach it empty!
“Moreover, there’s something wrong with the state of the god… but 1 don’t know what’s wrong with the god and how long it will take him to solve this problem!”
“I don’t have much time left!”
He arrived at the ruin over fifty days, close to two months.
Lu Ming, following the philosophy of taking things slow and steady, remained calm and composed—because despite the apparent chaos in Flame City, he had not encountered too much danger.
But now, Lu Ming had discovered the secret of the ruins.
The existence of the god hung over Lu Ming like a sword!
“Accelerate! I have to accelerate!”
“Before the gods solve their own problems, I’ll deal with you first!”
As for how to accelerate, Lu Ming had long thought of it!
There was one thing Lu Ming was very clear about.
Only when he became stronger could the system poach the ruin. The increase in Lu Ming’s attributes was like a miner swinging a pickaxe.
So, to speed up, he needed to increase his attributes quickly.
Then, what was the simplest way to increase one’s attributes?
“Advancement.”
Yes, advancement!
Advancement doubled his attributes! This was Lu Ming’s fastest way to increase his attributes by three dimensions.
Before, to ensure the efficiency of daily training, Lu Ming was really unwilling to take the initiative to advance. He had only advanced twice due to external pressure…
But now, Lu Ming was prepared to race against time and the gods!
Then, he could only release the restrictions voluntarily…
Sigh, with this advancement, Cheng Cheng and Wei Lan won’t be able to assist me in my cultivation anymore.
But that’s good too.
The Divine Source Points are enough to make up for my losses.
Taking a deep breath, Lu Ming sat cross-legged on the bed. As he opened the attribute panel, he circulated his breathing technique!
Before advancing, he had to consume his free attribute points first!
Currently, Lu Ming’s attributes were:
Strength: 57397-5
Physique: 57397-4
Agility: 59208.2
Free Attribute Points: 38708
Divine Source Points: 1
He definitely could not and would not touch the Divine Source Points. If he used the divine source points to increase his attributes, Lu Ming might as well directly advance.
In any case, the effect would be the same.
After allocating all the free attribute points, Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Strength: 70897.5
Physique: 70897.4
Agility: 70816.2
Free Attribute Points: 0
Divine Source Points: 1
(Note: Attributes in the Self-Limitation state.)
Unfortunately, using the free attribute points would not allow the system to poach. Otherwise, just this wave would be enough for Lu Ming to gain something.
Lu Ming was not disappointed.
“Let’s begin.”
In the next second, he circulated his breathing technique at full speed.
The mystery factors in the entire underground space surged crazily towards Lu Ming as if they were being drawn by a black hole!
This scene caught the attention of Roda, Roxin and Uncle Lu.
However, they did not think too much about it, only marveling at Lu Ming’s cultivation speed.
“This momentum is not inferior to that of a Spirit Realm expert during cultivation.”
For a “Physique Realm expert”, although this kind of momentum was rare and could be considered extraordinary, it still was not enough to attract attention.
The concentration of mystery factors in the Black Mist Zone was quite high, and the concentration of mystery factors within the Flame Clan ruin was even higher than outside.
This allowed Lu Ming to advance very fast.
In just ten minutes, a tremendous sense of fullness swept over Lu Ming’s entire body.
The barrier between the level two to level three of the Mortal Realm, like a layer of soap bubbles, burst crisply with a “pop” as Lu Ming easily broke through it!
In the next moment, an even greater strength welled up from within his body.
And where did this strength come from?
Of course, it came from the surrounding environment!
It was not just the mystery factors.
There was also the power of time and space, as well as the essence of the Jing God’s divine source!
Lu Ming did not notice that on the attribute panel, when his attributes increased explosively because of his advancement, the attribute panel flickered crazily like a neon light!
When the immense sense of fullness slowly dissipated, Lu Ming had already reached the Level 3 of the Mortal Realm, Only then did Lu Ming open his attribute panel again and look at his attributes.
The tremendous change in attributes greeted his eyes!
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Mortal Realm, Level 3.
Transcendent Ability: Self-Limitation State
Strength: 141795
Physique: 141794.8
Agility: 141632.4
Free Attribute Points: 0
Divine Source Points: 8
Void Realm (Beginner) (Advancing)…


CHAPTER-204
Chapter 204: Continuous Advancement (2)

Level one, 7 Divine Source Points!
Was it worth it to advance?
Definitely!
Moreover, at this moment, the system interface was still flickering non-stop, indicating that there were still Divine Source Points to extract within this ruin! Moreover, the Void Realm had yet to complete its advancement!
“In short, I still need to mine!”
Lu Ming decided to go all out and simply prepared to continue.
But suddenly, he heard a knock on the door.
When he opened the door, he saw Roda’s smiling face.
“Congratulations, brother! You’re at Level 4 of the Physique Realm, right?”
Lu Ming calmly nodded, “Yes.”
“Then we must celebrate!”
Lu Ming shook his head, “I plan to continue leveling up. The situation in the ruins is too dangerous, and I feel uneasy.”
Roda raised his eyebrows, “Brother, you really lack common sense. Who talks about consecutive advancements when it comes to leveling up?”
“You also know what kind of existence superhumans are, right?”
After Roda finished speaking, he saw the confusion in Lu Ming’s eyes and could not help but sigh. He continued, “Transcendent individuals are actually the combination of the physical body and source power.”
“Every advancement is equivalent to a breakthrough in your physical body. Only by breaking through can one accommodate more source power.” “However, you absolutely cannot break through continuously! This is because the human body has limits! After one breakthrough, the body is violently expanded, and the upper limit is raised. But you have to give the body time to recover and adapt, only when the time comes can you attempt to break through to the next level.”
To put it bluntly, it was a bit like blowing up a balloon.
When you reached the limit, it was equivalent to advancing. You had to adapt before you could continue blowing.
Otherwise, if one used too much strength, it was easy for his body to explode and he would die. Every year, countless superhumans died because they were too ambitious.
After hearing Roda’s words, Lu Ming thought seriously and confirmed one thing.
This had nothing to do with him…
Because Lu Ming’s body was special to begin with!
At Level 3 of the Physique Realm, he had a body nearly equivalent to Level 5, and the mystery factors his body cells contained were much stronger than those of the same-level transcendent individuals.
The limit of his physical body was ridiculously high, and there was no risk of him exploding.
However, this also made Lu Ming realize one thing…
Now if he behaved too extravagantly in front of others, it might easily lead to some unnecessary complications.
Thinking of this, Lu Ming nodded and said, “Then let’s forget it.”
But of course it was impossible to forget it!
Lu Ming planned to advance in the middle of the night while the others were asleep.
However, he did not expect that there was no need for such trouble.
This was because that night, just as he finished dinner, Roda received a message through the communication stone.
Lu Ming did not know what news Roda had received, but he could see that Roda’s expression had become much more solemn. He finished his meal in a few bites and left the house with Uncle Lu.
Therefore, only Lu Ming and Roxin were left behind.
This was obviously a good thing for Lu Ming.
The fewer people, the easier it was to do bad things…
No, I just want to advance a level, how is that a bad thing?
He smiled at Roxin, causing her to be puzzled.
Lu Ming quickly ended the meal and prepared to practice the Body Forging Technique a few times as a prelude to leveling up.
That day, at midnight.
Lu Ming’s attributes became:
Strength: 141845
Physique: 141844.8
Agility: 141732.4
Free Attribute Points: 0
Divine Source Points: 8
Sensing that faint snoring had already sounded from Roxin’s bedroom, Lu
Ming knew that it was time to advance!
He circulated the Basic Breathing Technique at full speed!
A large number of mystery factors swarmed towards Lu Ming, filling his room with a gentle blue light.
The effect of this light was indeed not bad, but it did not cause much commotion. Because of this, Roxin was not woken up, so she naturally knew nothing.
It took Lu Ming about half an hour to go from Level 3 to Level 4.
When an even stronger force erupted from Lu Ming’s body, Lu Ming opened his eyes.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Mortal Realm, Level 4.
Transcendent Ability: Self-Limitation State
Strength: 283690
Physique: 283689.6
Agility: 283464.8
Free Attribute Points: 0
Divine Source Points: 20
Void Realm (Beginner) (Advancing)…
It was only natural for his attributes to double.
Moreover, he had obtained another 12 Divine Source Points!
The harvest was indeed substantial.
“But I must continue!”
The fact that he could still gain Divine Source Points meant that the gods in this ruin had not been sucked dry. If the gods had not been sucked dry, it meant that the danger was still present, and Lu Ming could not afford to stop!
He circulated the breathing technique again and the mystery factors surged into Lu Ming’s body once again.
An hour later, Lu Ming successfully arrived at Level 5 of the Mortal Realm!
The three-dimensional attributes doubled again to:
Strength: 567380
Physique: 567279.2
Agility: 566929.6
Divine Source Points: 27
Void Realm (Beginner) (Advancing)…
Compared to the last time he advanced, Lu Ming did not gain as many Divine Source Points this time—only 7.
It has to be known that Lu Ming had obtained far more attribute points than last time.
This only meant one thing—the gods were about to run out of resources.
“But I must continue!”
Even if he could only gain one Divine Source Point by leveling up one level, it was still a huge gain for Lu Ming!
Without needing to rest, he circulated the breathing technique again.
Boundless mystery factors entered Lu Ming’s body, illuminating his skin with a soft blue glow.
Roxin was awakened by a strong feeling of suffocation.
She woke up from her sleep and sat up suddenly, gasping deeply. It took a while before she regained her breath.
Rubbing her sleepy eyes, Roxin muttered to herself strangely, “What’s going on? Did I have a nightmare? That can’t be…”
After carefully sensing it, Roxin finally found the source of the problem!
“Why has the density of source energy here decreased to this extent?!”
Source energy was the foundation of superhumans.
In places with low source energy density, superhumans’ advancement and cultivation would slow down, and their performance in battles would also be affected.
Not only that, but even superhumans with even a little bit of strength were extremely sensitive to changes in source energy concentration.
They were not accustomed to an environment with low source energy density because it could lead to a regression in their abilities.
Roxin’s feeling of suffocation was due to this.
Roxin shrank her pores and sealed the source energy inside her body. She hurriedly got out of bed, wanting to find the source of the sudden drop in source energy density in this place.
As soon as she pushed open the door and walked out, Roxin was stunned by the scene in front of her.
She saw…
In Lu Ming’s room, an endless blue light was blooming like a blue lake rose.
A large amount of source energy was pouring in from the outside world and was being drawn into the room.
At that moment, the room where Lu Ming was located was like a black hole, attracting all source energy!
Roxin stood at the doorway, dumbfounded for an unknown period of time.
She saw the blue light in the room slowly contracting, and soon the source energy density in this place gradually returned to normal.
With the strength of the Level 8 of the Physique Realm, Roxin vaguely sensed that Lu Ming’s aura in the room surging for a moment and then quickly converging.
However, this had already made Roxin understand what Lu Ming was up to.
“He’s leveling up?”
“Didn’t he just advance once this afternoon?”
“Moreover, this commotion is a little too much, right?”
Just as she finished muttering, Roxin was once again stunned. Because she saw that the blue light in Lu Ming’s room lit up again!