CHAPTER-205
Chapter 205: Jing Yi: The Rise of the Flame Clan Is Unstoppable!

Lu Ming spent an hour and a half to advance from Level 5 of the Mortal Realm to Level 6, and it woke Roxin up.
Lu Ming also noticed that Roxin had woken up and was quietly observing outside his room.
However, he did not care anymore…
After leveling up again, Lu Ming obtained 5 Divine Source Points, bringing his total to 32 Divine Source Points.
At the same time, his attributes doubled again to:
Strength: 1134,760.
Physique: 1,134,558.4
Agility: 1,133,859*2
In his Self-Limitation State, his attributes exceeded a million!
This also meant that his attributes exceeded tens of millions under his Desperate State!
It was much, much higher than Level 9 of the Physique Realm! Whether he could contend with Spirit Realm experts remained unknown!
Strength brought confidence, and the Divine Source Points stimulated Lu Ming’s desire to continue leveling up.
As a result, Roxin’s spectating could not stop Lu Ming from continuing to level up!
He circulated the Basic Breathing Technique wildly!
However, it had to be admitted that the cultivation efficiency of the Proficient-level Basic Breathing Technique was a bit slow.
Lu Ming s body was special, capable of accommodating mystery factors that were far beyond his current level. This also meant he needed more mystery factors to advance.
And the Basic Breathing Technique had low efficiency, malting Lu Ming’s advancing a bit slow.
But it didn’t matter.
It was not that slow… just a few hours of work.
Three hours later, when the morning light had already appeared in the outside world, Lu Ming finally crossed the threshold and reached Level 7 of the Mortal Realm!
Divine Source Points: +3!
At the same time, his attributes doubled again to:
Strength: 2,269,520
Physique: 2,269,116.8
Agility: 2,267,718.4
Void Realm (Beginner) (Advancing)…
Lu Ming discovered two things.
First, the gains of Divine Source Points were getting less and less.
This undoubtedly meant that the gods were about to be sucked dry.
Second, the speed of the Void Realm s flashing became faster and faster!
This ability was about to advance!
“Therefore, Level 7 of the Mortal Realm is not enough. 1 have to continue!”
And five hours later, on the 209th day of the Black Mist Calendar, at noon.
Lu Ming successfully broke through and reached Level 8 of the Mortal Realm!
The total number of Divine Source Points increased by 3 to 38 points.
His attributes doubled again!
Strength: 4,539,040
Physique: 4,538,233.6
Agility: 4,535,436.8
The words “Void Realm (Beginner) (Advancing)” flashed like a light bulb that was about to explode, but it still could not break through the last barrier.
However, thinking about it, another advancement should be enough.
He stopped cultivating and opened his eyes.
Lu Ming felt a little hungry.
He got up from the bed and went to the door to open it.
At just one glance, he saw the dumbfounded Roxin standing outside.
As she realized Lu Ming was coming out, Roxin jumped like a startled rabbit.
She was about to turn and run away from this strange creature in front of her, but she heard Lu Ming speak.
“Is lunch ready?”
Roxin was stunned for a moment before nodding, “It s done…”
This made Lu Ming raise his eyebrows and glance at the empty stove.
Roxin also realized the problem with her words. Her face turned red and she muttered softly, ’Til go cook now.”
She turned around and went to get the ingredients.
Once again, Lu Ming’s voice came from behind.
“Thank you.”
This word of thanks eased most of the tension in Roxin’s heart.
Lu Ming, though mysterious, did not seem like a bad person after these few days of interaction.
So, perhaps there was no need to worry about Lu Ming silencing her to protect his secrets, right?
With doubts and worry, Roxin began to start a fire. Lu Ming returned to his room again and circulated his breathing technique.
On the other side, at the distant border of the Flame Clan Ruin.
In the former palace of the Jing God.
Staring at the thin crystal coffin and the dignified appearance of the Jing God inside, Jing Yi fell into deep thought.
After a long time, Jing Yi suddenly stood up with a shudder and let out an ecstatic laughter.
“Jing God! Jing God, you’re finally waking up!”
“Under your lead, our Flame Clan will surely return to its former glory!”
“Yes.”
Jing Yi still did not know what the thinning of the crystal coffin and the increasingly clear appearance of the Jing God’s face meant…
He just thought that this was a precursor to the awakening of the Jing God!
Think about it, this crystal coffin, made of the Eternal Stone, was both a form of protection and a seal for the Jing God.
And now, the seal was about to break, was not the Jing God about to recover from his injuries, right?
With such joy in his heart, Jing Yi did not make any other connections.
He looked at the Jing family’s ancestor in the coffin, who bore a resemblance to himself, and envisioned a beautiful future in his mind.
“Kill, fight.”
“The more ruthless you fight, the more ferocious you kill, the faster the ancestor will wake up!”
He did not know at all that the Divine Dao Alliance in Flame City had already become the dominant force. The intensity of battles and casualties in the city was much lower than before.
But the situation where the Divine Dao Alliance dominated the Flame City was neither stable nor lasting.
In another hidden place within the inner city of Flame City.
Roda and Uncle Lu, who had left last night, now appeared here.
Other than the two of them, there were seven others in this place.
Apelo was among them.
The nine of them seemed to have just gathered.
One of them said, “We’ve all prepared what’s needed. When do we make our move?”
Roda, while taking out more than ten keys to the Imperial City District from his pocket, said, “I’ve got the keys. The operation is today, right now!”
With that said, Roda looked around, showing a little bit of the dignity of the City Lord of Archean City.
“I’ll say it again. The Divine Dao Alliance is powerful and domineering. They will never allow us to share a piece of the pie in the Imperial City District. Therefore, there’s no way to reconcile the conflict between us and the Divine Dao Alliance! Once we enter, we’ll just kill them!”
As he distributed the keys to the others, Roda continued, “I’ll handle Li De. The other Spirit Realm experts of the Divine Dao Alliance have to rely on you to deal with.”
“The most crucial point is the location 1 mentioned earlier.”
After a slight pause, Roda said solemnly, “I’m sure that the Jing God’s inheritance is over there! Let’s get rid of the Divine Dao Alliance first before considering how to divide the divine inheritance. Does everyone agree?”
“Sure.”
“No problem.”
Everyone echoed their agreement, and on the surface, they all approved of Roda s plan.
However, what these Spiritual Realm experts were really thinking was unclear to anyone.
Glancing at the masked individuals, Roda narrowed his eyes slightly, nodded and said, “Let’s go.”
At noon, after lunch, Lu Ming continued his breakthrough, determined and swiftly advancing towards Level 9 of the Mortal Realm.
In another direction, the nine Spirit Realm experts led by Roda and Uncle Lu launched an attack on the Divine Dao Alliance!
They had the keys, but since there were keys, there must be doors and keyholes. And currently, this door was under the control of the Divine Dao Alliance.
There was no need to explain this further.
To enter the Imperial City District, they had to fight their way through.
Just an hour after Lu Ming finished lunch, a fierce battle erupted at the border between the Imperial City District and the Inner City district!


CHAPTER-206
Chapter 206: Void Domain (Intermediate) and Physique Realm!
Translator Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios
Roda and his group consisted of nine Spiritual Realm experts.
There were more than 20 Spirit Realm experts on the side of the Divine Dao Alliance.
However, the Divine Dao Alliance was a loose organization after all, and within the organization, Spiritual Realm experts were considered equal in status.
This gave rise to a problem.
Who would guard the checkpoint from the Inner City District to the Imperial City District? Who would go to the Imperial City District to search for treasures, opportunities, and even the divine inheritances?
Groups formed out of self-interest would inevitably lead to internal conflicts and collapse due to the same self-interest…
Fortunately, that Li De did have some methods… at the very least, he temporarily subdued the group and dispatched four Spirit Realm experts to guard the checkpoint.
However, four Spiritual Realm experts were far from enough when facing Roda and the other nine Spiritual Realm experts.
A deafening explosion sounded.
At the border between the Inner City District and the Imperial City District.
Roda and Uncle Lu were the first to attack. They took the lead and sent the four Spirit Realm experts of the Divine Dao Alliance flying far away!
The reinforcements rushed in.
One of the four Spirit Realm experts died on the spot, and the remaining three were frightened out of their wits. They turned and fled.
Roda did not pursue them. He just used the keys to open the gate of the Imperial City District and quickly said, “Charge! Everyone, charge! Don’t waste time here, charge straight to the designated location!”
The commotion here would undoubtedly attract the attention of the Divine Dao Alliance.
If they delayed any longer, the Spirit Realm experts of the Divine Dao Alliance would surely return. By then, it would not be so easy for them to enter the Imperial City District.
From the current perspective, the cooperation among these nine people led by Roda was considered harmonious..
At the very least, no one dropped the ball at the critical moment.
The nine of them acted extremely swiftly. After entering the Imperial City District, they immediately rushed in a united group towards a certain direction!
But little did they know that in a certain place in the Imperial City District, a man named Li De slowly opened his eyes.
“They’re here. It’s time for us to take action.”
With that said, Li De was the first to stand up.
Beside him, the Spirit Realm experts of the Divine Dao Alliance stood up one after another. There were more than 20 of them!
There was some good news, though.
Lu Ming s Basic Breathing Technique had advanced.
It had advanced from Proficient level to Mastery level.
The increase in level meant an increase in cultivation efficiency.
Moreover, the increase was not just a little.
In just three hours, as Lu Ming’s tiger body shook, the mystery factors in the entire underground space were instantly sucked into Lu Ming s mouth and nose!
The suffocating feeling made Roxin’s head spin, and she almost fainted.
It was not until more source power surged into the underground space from the outside world that Roxin’s lack of source power eased.
On the other hand, Lu Ming had been sitting cross-legged on the bed all along.
It was not until he had advanced for a long time that Lu Ming slowly opened his eyes.
He immediately opened his attribute panel.
The attributes after the advancement appeared before Lu Ming s eyes.
Name: Lu Ming (Self-Limitation State).
Level: Mortal Realm, Level 9.
(Note: You can advance to the first level of the Physique Realm at any time.)
Strength: 9,078,080
Physique: 9,076,467.2
Agility: 9,070,873.6
Free Attribute Points: 0
Divine Source Points: 40
His attributes doubled, and the most crucial Divine Source Points increased by 2 points.
In the list of superpowers, the Void Realm that Lu Ming looked forward to the most had finally completed its transformation!
Void Realm (Intermediate): This is a special ability that can break the rules of time and space! However, due to your current low level of the Void Realm, you can’t fully manifest the power of this ability!
When you use the Void Realm on an enemy, you can pull the consciousness of the viewer into the Void Space. The enemy’s body in the outside world cannot move, and the enemy’s consciousness inside the Void Space will experience a terrifying time acceleration of 1 second = 1 day. During this period, you can move slightly, and the effect will last until your Source Power is depleted!
“When you use the Void Realm on yourself, your consciousness can enter the void space. At this moment, a day in the void space is equivalent to an hour in the outside world.
The upgrade from the Basic Void Realm to Intermediate did not bring significant changes.
First was the effect on the enemy -it changed from complete immobilization to allowing slight movement.
Of course, the definition of “slight’1 was somewhat vague, and Lu Ming would have to experiment to see the specific effect.
However, Lu Ming did not care about the effect of the Void Space on the enemy, lie cared more about the supplementary cultivation function of the Void Realm!
When he used the Void Realm on himself, Lu Ming would enter the Void Space. The intermediate Void Space compared to the time flow in the outside world, was a day to an hour!
The effect was equivalent to a 24-fold increase in effect!!
Lu Ming heaved a sigh of relief and was quite satisfied with this!
Twenty-four times! What kind of concept was this?!
This meant that Lu Ming had 23 times more time to farm his attributes, which meant that Lu Ming s growth had accelerated by 23 times!
“It wasn’t in vain for me to risk entering the ruin…”I
Back then, Lu Ming’s original intention was to find an opportunity to break through to the Void Realm in this ruin. For this purpose, Lu Ming did not hesitate to take a huge risk…
But now, it seemed that the risk was somewhat worth it.
Similarly, this time, Lu Ming also discovered some interesting aspects during his advancement.
“First, the Physique Realm. I can enter the Physique Realm at anytime… Well, after all, the threshold from the Mortal Realm to the Physique Realm is just my physical fitness, and my physical fitness has long exceeded the standard.”
“Then there are the Divine Source Points. I can still mine! 1 can still mine!”
From Mortal Realm Level 8 to Mortal Reaim Level 9, Lu Ming gained 2 Divine Source Points.
His strength continued to grow, but the points were getting fewer. This meant that the Divine Source Mine was about to dry up—but it clearly had not completely dried up yet…
So, he had to keep mining.
“Lastly, the Void Realm can still be upgraded!”
That made sense. The Flame Clan Ruin was vast and boundless, and it had not Shown any signs of collapsing even after Lu Ming had drawn so much power from it… This meant that there was still value in exploring this large Ruin Mine!
“Then…”
With a thought from Lu Ming, more Source Power surged towards him!
If one were to look at it from the sky outside, it was as if a huge vortex had suddenly appeared in the entire Inner City District.
At the center of the vortex was Lu Ming s residence!
At this moment, Lu Ming became the eye of the storm.
With him as the center, the source power within the entire ruin was attracted and swarmed towards Lu Ming!
Lu Ming definitely did not intend for this…
He had nor expected that his advancement would actually cause such a tremendous commotion.
However, even if he had known, Lu Ming would not have cared would he choose not to advance just because the commotion was too significant?
However, this kind of commotion naturally attracted the attention of those with ulterior motives.
It was not just the explorers wandering within Flame City, but also the members from the Divine Dao Alliance.
Moreover, it was not just the rank-and-file members of the Divine Dao Alliance…
In a location near the Imperial City District, a Spirit Realm expert was drawn to this strange phenomenon. He furrowed his brow and slowly looked up.
Soon, this person spoke in a curious tone.
“Isn’t that where Roda s hideout is?”
“So, there are other Spirit Realm experts guarding Roxin?”
“In that case, the task Li De gave me might not be so easy…”
Muttering to himself, this person continued to move without stopping.
Faint sounds of bargaining, like “you have to pay more,” could be heard. Soon, this person arrived at the location where Lu Ming and Roxin were..


CHAPTER-207
Chapter 207: System Change!

When the mysterious person appeared at the entrance of the courtyard, Lu Ming had already completed the transformation from Level 9 of the Mortal Realm to Level 1 of the Physique Realm!
For anyone, crossing such a major realm was a huge hurdle, but for Lu Ming, the transition from the Mortal Realm to Physique Realm was almost too easy.
This was because transitioning from Mortal Realm to Physique Realm only required three-dimensional attributes.
If normal superhumans wanted to advance, they could only rely on Body Forging techniques to constantly temper their bodies. However, Lu Ming’s three-dimensional attributes had long since exceeded the requirement. What he lacked was only a “small amount” of mystery factors.
In just three minutes.
The tide of Source Power came to an end.
This was because Lu Ming had absorbed all the mystery factors he needed!
Slowly opening his eyes, Lu Ming felt a burst of power surging within him.
His bones grew and his muscles became stronger.
However, these phenomena were limited by the Self-Limitation State, so Lu Ming’s appearance remained unchanged.
Of course, that did not matter…
Opening his attribute panel, Lu Ming discovered that his attribute panel was sometimes blurry and sometimes clear, as if an electronic device had crashed.
However, soon, the system “rebooted,” presenting Lu Ming with a brand new interface and attributes!
Note: Due to your breakthrough from the Mortal Realm and advanced to the Physique Realm, the system will automatically upgrade, and now the upgrade has been completed!
Note: After the upgrade, the system will carry out all-round optimization of your attribute data, skills, and source power skills and all aspects!
After these two sentences, it was Lu Ming’s detailed attributes.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Physique Realm, Level 1.
(Note: Attributes in the Self-Limitation State.)
Strength: 2000 (18,156,160)
Physique: 2000 (18,152,934.4).
Agility: 2000 (18,141,747-2) f.
Note: For the sake of simplicity, your attributes will be compressed by a factor of 10,000 and rounded. At the same time, the system has already unified your three-dimensional attributes to 2,000 points.
Note: Your ability performance will not change at all. Your current attributes are equivalent to 20 million at the Mortal Realm.
Note: After removing the influence of the Body Forging technique, the three-dimensional attribute of a normal Level 1 Physique Realm superhuman is 1 point.
To put it bluntly, Lu Ming’s data had been compressed.
However, it was not that he had become weaker. It was just a different measuring standard.
According to the attributes of the Mortal Realm, the attributes of a Level One Physique Realm expert were 10,000. But now, according to the system’s judgment, the attributes of a Level One Physique Realm expert had become just 1 point.
The reference had changed, so Lu Ming’s attribute data had also changed.
In this way, Lu Ming could actually be considered to have profited—because the system had given Lu Ming nearly 20 million three-dimensional attributes of the Mortal Realm!
However, Lu Ming was quite curious about one thing…
In the future, how should he calculate the attributes obtained from his daily exercise and cultivation of Source Power Skills?
He continued reading.
Free Attribute Points: 0
Divine Source Points: 42
This time, he obtained 2 Divine Source Points for his advancement.
Superhuman Abilities:
Self-Limitation of the Body.
2: Void Realm (Intermediate).
The two superpowers did not change.
Basic skills:
Cultivation Lvi (0/100): The daily limit of attribute points you can obtain increases by 1 point.
Note: Through daily exercise and training, you can gain 1 point of three-dimensional attributes. Coupled with the Cultivation skill, you can currently obtain 2 points of three-dimensional attributes every day!
Lu Ming’s eyes lit up.
This was a significant improvement!
Although the proficiency of cultivating skills had been reset to zero, the attributes obtained were not reduced but increased instead! It had to be known that Lu Ming’s current 1 attribute point was equivalent to his previous 10,000 points!
Other basic skills: Omitted.
(Basic skills remain unchanged)
Mortal Realm Source Power Skill!
Basic Breathing Technique (Mastery) (1984/100,000).
Explosive Fist (Minute Subtlety) (200,000/10,000,000).
Source Power Armor (Minute Subtlety) (2,900,000/10,000,000).
Soldier Transformation Technique (Mastery) (12,000/100,000).
Feather Space Technique (Proficient) (1/10,000).
Gale Saber (Mastery) (80,000/100,000).
Great Dragon Spear (Mastery) (10,000/100,000).
Spiritual Energy Bullet Rain (Mastery) (35,000/100,000).
Knight Body Forging Technique (Proficient) (3120/10000).
Note: These are Mortal Realm Source Power Skills. From today onwards, you will not gain attributes when you cultivate Mortal Realm Source Power Skills! This includes the Knight Body Forging Technique!
Note: However, please remember that your efforts will never be in vain! If you cultivate a Mortal Realm Source Power Skill to its limit, you may receive unexpected and substantial effects and rewards!
Lu Ming frowned.
This was a mixed bag…
Lu Ming had fully cultivated many Mortal Realm Source Power Skills. While it was true that pushing these Source Power Skills to their limits would not yield many Physique Realm attributes, it still felt like a bit of a waste.
However, the second note caught Lu Ming’s attention.
“Will there be other gains if I cultivate Mortal Realm Source Power Skills to the limit?”
“Guess I can give it a try and see what kind of gains there might be.”
It would just be a waste of some time.
After leveling up in the Void Realm, Lu Ming could finally say proudly, “1 have plenty of time!”
Physique Realm Source Power Skill:
Ten-Fold Annihilation (Proficient) (4,064/10,000): A Physique Realm Source Power Skill, a powerful staff technique created by a member of the Spirit Clan! When used, it was like a divine thunder strike that annihilated all things hence its name!
You have mastered the application of Ten-Fold Annihilation.
And that was it….
The once proficient level Apocalypse could provide Lu Ming with 3,000 all attributes and 3,000 free attributes. In other words, it was only 0.3 now…
As for how many points Ten-Fold Annihilation would provide if it were to upgrade again… Well, it probably would not be too many, probably in the single digits…
The same applied to the Atomic Sword Technique and Lu Ming’s newly mastered Spirit Realm Source Power Skill, the Ten Directions Tyrant Fist.
Atomic Sword Technique (Perfect) (60,000/1,000,000): A Physique Realm Source Power Skill, a refined sword technique as delicate as atomic cutting! Extremely terrifying in power but difficult to cultivate.
You have perfectly mastered the application of the Atomic Sword Technique.
Spirit Realm Source Power Skill:
Ten Directions Tyrant Fist (Beginner) (1/100): A Spirit Realm Source Power Skill. This technique emphasizes overwhelming power with its form! When you use this fist technique, your Spiritual Pressure intensity will surge, intimidating and killing your enemies!
“You have tentatively grasped the usage method of the Ten Directions Tyrant Fist.
This was the end of the system changes.
Lu Ming closed his attribute panel and closed his eyes to think briefly before coming to a conclusion.
“My attributes have been compressed by 10,000 times, but the system has supplemented some attributes for me, which is a great gain.”
“In the future, the attributes obtained through daily cultivation will change from the original 63 points to the current 2 points. However, the current 2 points are equivalent to the previous 20,000 points, so it’s still a big gain!”
“Mortal Realm Source Power Skills can no longer provide attributes, but there will be special gains when cultivated to the extreme. This is worth trying. Overall, I’m at a loss, but not by much.”
“I can still obtain attributes from Physique Realm and Spirit Realm Source Power Skills.”
After summarizing, Lu Ming muttered, “However, without the Knight Body Forging Technique as a daily method to farm attributes, I’m a bit idle now…”
And Lu Ming was someone who could not stay idle.
“Therefore, I have to find a high-level Body Forging Technique to cultivate… Yes, in order to farm my attributes, I have to find more Source Power Skills at the Physique Realm and the Spirit Realm.”
However, these were all matters for the future.
“The most urgent thing now is to advance! Continue advancing!”
Thinking of the Divine Source Points, Lu Ming made a decision.
It was not difficult to find Physique Realm Source Power Skill.
But, to find another Divine Source Mine… this would be incredibly difficult!


CHAPTER-208
Chapter 208: The Aeonians

Lu Ming continued to circulate his breathing technique and prepared to advance!
Nothing could stop Lu Ming’s determination to advance!
Except… danger…
He had been circulating the breathing technique for less than ten minutes when a loud explosion suddenly sounded from above.
Lu Ming frowned and looked up, and he heard a continuous rumbling sound.
Outside the door, Roxin’s anxious voice could be heard.
“Mr. Lu, Mr. Lu, something bad is happening! We have enemies! Enemies from the Spirit Realm!”
Without Lu Ming’s permission, she walked into his room and began to shout frantically.
Then, she said, “We have to escape quickly…”
However, after saying this, Roxin was suddenly stunned.
Looking at Lu Ming’s expressionless face that was vaguely filled with anger, Roxin finally realized something.
The guy in front of her seemed to be a monster…
Although when he first arrived, Roda said that this person was only at the third-level of the Physique Realm, his performance during the advancement was far beyond what a third-level Physique Realm person could achieve…
Even whether a Spirit Realm expert could do it was debatable.
This made Roxin realize something—this person was a monster, a person who played dumb to win his opponent eventually.
This kind of weirdo was the favorite thing to write in novels…
Now that the enemy had knocked on the door, there was a monster pretending to be weak beside her.
How should she handle this…
After thinking for a moment, Roxin immediately showed a pitiful expression.
“Mr. Lu, save me… for the sake of my brother.”
This made Lu Ming look at Roxin from above.
After a moment of silence, Lu Ming said softly, “Your brother is your brother, and you’re you…”
Roxin’s expression changed, and she was about to say something when Lu Ming continued, “On account of you cooking for me all these days…”
As he spoke, he stood up and walked out of the room.
He looked towards the entrance to the underground martial arts arena.
Soon, the explosions subsided, and a figure slowly walked into the underground martial arts arena from the entrance.
That person had a somewhat peculiar appearance.
He was tall, about three meters in height, bald with a massive single eye in the center of his forehead.
In addition, this person also had four arms.
Seeing this person’s face, Luo Xin was slightly stunned before her beautiful face turned pale.
“Evil Spirit!?”
“Evil Spirit? What’s that?”
Lu Ming asked curiously and the person who heard it said, “This is my name.”
Lu Ming was enlightened.
Roxin’s anxious and slightly sobbing voice sounded in his ears again.
“Evil Spirit is well-known in the Hundred Thousand Mountains. He’s a lone traveler, a Level one Spirit Realm expert. He often roams the various ruins in the Hundred Thousand Mountains. However, what’s even more famous about him are his despicable and cruel methods…”
When she mentioned the words “despicable and cruel methods”, Roxin couldn’t help but shiver.
“It’s said that this person is lecherous… any woman who falls into his hands is better off dead…”
Roxin was genuinely terrified, and as she spoke, she quietly hid behind Lu Ming.
After hearing Roxin’s words, Lu Ming frowned, but Evil Spirit laughed.
“Don’t worry, little darling, you’re very useful and worth a lot of money. I won’t go against a walking gold mine like you.”
“But you,”
Evil Spirit turned to look at Lu Ming, his expression becoming much more serious.
“Did you cause the commotion just now?”
Lu Ming remained silent.
Evil Spirit did not care and continued, “Then you probably have some strength, although you look weak, I’ll consider you as a fellow expert for now.”
With that said, Evil Spirit raised his hand and pointed at Roxin, who was behind Lu Ming.
“Someone offered a sky-high price for this woman! Hand her over to me and I’ll split the benefits with you.”
Lu Ming shook his head slightly… He was not someone who cared about material possessions.
On the other hand, this Evil Spirit came up to him to chat with him… Perhaps he was a sensible person…
This made Lu Ming say, “Can’t we not fight?”
Evil Spirit was stunned. He had indeed never seen this trick before.
But after giving it some thought, Evil Spirit felt that this suggestion might actually be feasible.
In the Spirit Realm, unlike in the Physique Realm, individuals were considered significant figures wherever they went.
Unless the benefits were enormous, it was common for Spirit Realm experts to avoid fighting each other.
The main point was that the benefits were substantial…
Thinking of this, Evil Spirit raised his head and looked at Roxin. He smiled and said, “If you can offer me double the price, I might consider not going through with this deal.”
“Well, young lady, as an Aeonian, you should be quite wealthy, right?”
As soon as he said the word “Aeonian”, Lu Ming raised an eyebrow.
Lu Ming turned to look at Roxin. He really did not expect Roxin, Roda, and Uncle Lu to be the legendary Aeonians.
With Roda leading Uncle Lu and seven others, they quickly arrived in the inner part of the Imperial City District.
The inner part of the Imperial City District was a massive palace, with a grand entrance that occupied a large area—this place used to be the residence of the royal family of the Flame Clan.
Possibly, the Imperial City District itself had strong restrictions, which caused the defense and security of the palace to be somewhat lax. With little effort, Luo Da broke open the palace’s main gate and led the group into the palace..
And they saw jade pillars and golden eagles, with jewels scattered everywhere.
Faint energy fluctuations came from all directions, indicating that there were treasures and rare items everywhere.
However, no matter how much wealth in gold and silver, or even Source Realm and Ancient Realm Source Power Skills, none of it was as important as the objective of this trip!
That objective was none other than the Inheritance of the Jing God!
“Follow me!”
Roda took the lead and quickly brought everyone to the palace’s ancestral hall.
Surveying the surroundings, after a brief contemplation, Roda spoke softly, “The Inheritance of the Jing God is right here…”
Just as he said this, a sudden burst of arrogant laughter echoed from outside.
Everyone turned to look, and in the distance, the Spirit Realm members of the Divine Dao Alliance, led by Li De, were flying towards them at a rapid pace.
Soon, the members of the Divine Dao Alliance blocked Roda and the others inside the ancestral hall.
The two sides confronted each other, and the atmosphere grew tense.
Li De took a step forward and walked up to them.
He looked at Roda and smiled.
“Roda, a member of the Eternal Clan.”
“Thirty-five years ago, you, Roda, brought your servants and sister to Archean City.”
“Outsiders believed you had found an opportunity in the Hundred Thousand Mountains and quickly broke through to the Spirit Realm. But little did they know that you, Roda, came from the wealthy families of the Aeonians, with exceptional family heritage and talent. It’s quite unusual for someone like you to not have achieved the Spirit Realm …”
Hearing Li De’s words, Roda narrowed his eyes slightly and asked, “So what?”
Li De smiled gently,”That’s why I’m very curious. Curious as to why a scion of the Aeonian family like you would come to a remote and impoverished place like Archean City…”
Before Roda could respond, Li De’s laughter suddenly grew louder, “Guess what? I actually found the reason why you came here.”
Roda frowned and heard Li De say, “His family fell from grace and his family was wiped out. He fled alone with his old servant and sister, hoping to obtain strength to exact revenge…”
“The Jing God’s inheritance is your best choice..”


CHAPTER-209
Chapter 209: Then…

The Aeonians were indeed one of the top large clans in the current Black Mist Zone.
However, the larger the clan, the more internal conflicts there were.
At this moment, Li De revealed Roda’s background—a rich young man from a destroyed family.
Of course, Roda’s background was not the important part.
What was important was that Roda had somehow obtained information about the existence of the Jing God’s inheritance in the Flame Clan Ruin… and he even knew the exact location of the Jing God’s inheritance!
This was something that no one else knew!
And it was also what everyone else wanted!
“Tell me the exact location of the Jing God’s inheritance and I’ll let you off. Oh, by the way, don’t tell me that the Jing God’s inheritance is right here in this ancestral hall, or I might get angry…”
Li De said with a smile, as if he was confident in defeating Roda.
Roda also smiled and replied, “First of all, the Jing God’s Inheritance is right here. If you want it, come in and get it yourself!”
“And then…”
With that said, Roda turned to look at the seven people behind him.
“I want to know which one among you betrayed me.”
It was impossible for Li De and the others to arrive so quickly, so coincidentally.
Therefore, there was only one explanation—someone had informed Li De in advance.
No one responded…
Everyone just looked at each other with innocent expressions.
Li De continued, “Roda, I’m giving you a chance to live, so you have to seize it… Anyone would know that you couldn’t bring this group of people directly to the location of the Jing God’s inheritance. So, I’ll give you another chance!”
“Where exactly is the Jing God’s inheritance?!”
There was a faint hint of impatience and anger in Li De’s voice, which made Roda smile mockingly, “Make a guess?”
Li De spread his hands, and his anger instantly disappeared. He also returned a mocking smile, “Forget it, I don’t want to guess…”
“How about this? We’ll talk about this after I capture your sister.”
Seeing Roda’s expression suddenly change, Li De let out an arrogant laugh.
“You sneaky little rat, you thought you were hiding well! I, Li De, am not someone that a martial arts enthusiast like you can fool!”
In the underground of King Lin’s secret residence.
Lu Ming pondered as Evil Spirit raised the question, and Roxin’s expression was grim.
Until Roxin spoke softly, “Why would 1 have any money?”
On the night of our family’s annihilation, how could my brother and I who only cared about escaping, bring any treasure?
After Roda became the City Lord of Archean City, he did not wantonly accumulate wealth. He only specialized in martial arts and did not accumulate much wealth at all.
From Evil Spirit’s words, it seemed that someone had offered an astronomical price for Roxin’s capture. Needless to say, Roxin definitely could not come up with that amount.
After Roxin said this, Lu Ming fell silent—he was, in fact, a poor soul.
Instead, Evil Spirit sighed, “Then, there’s nothing 1 can do.”
With that said, he walked forward and looked at Lu Ming, “Are you going to stop me?”
Lu Ming remained silent and only stood in front of Roxin.
This made Evil Spirit frown.
“Well, although things have become a little tricky… I have no choice… The price Li De offered is worth tampering with experts of the same level!”
As soon as he finished speaking, a powerful aura suddenly burst forth!
The most prominent characteristic of a Spirit Realm expert was the innate spiritual pressure.
Roda had also explained before that the effect of spiritual pressure was simple and crude—it intimidated everyone below the Spirit Realm.
Mortal Realm experts had the possibility of exploding to death on the spot under the spiritual pressure. Even if they did not die, they would be completely immobilized.
The Physique Realm could resist the influence of spiritual pressure to some extent, but they could only resist, and not become immune.
Under the intimidation of the spiritual pressure, even a level nine Physique Realm expert would still be significantly weakened!
For example, the current Roxin…
The moment the Evil Spirit released his spiritual pressure, Luo Xin’s legs went limp on the spot and she fell to the ground helplessly.
Even among Spirit Realm experts, spiritual pressure was also a crucial factor in determining victory or defeat—the stronger the spiritual pressure, the more advantageous it was. It could predict the enemy’s initiative and even interfere with the enemy’s actions.
In summary, the Spirit Realm was a new level completely different from the Mortal Realm and the Physique Realm!
And Lu Ming was not in the Spirit Realm…
Even with high attributes, the level difference was indeed significant.
When Evil Spirit unleashed his spiritual pressure, Lu Ming felt a heavy pressure on him. His body stiffened, and even his mind felt a bit clouded, making him slightly disoriented.
Watching Evil Spirit approaching step by step, Lu Ming quickly calculated in his somewhat foggy mind.
“My current three-dimensional attributes are 2,000 points.”
“And the standard three-dimensional attributes for a level nine expert of the Physique Realm are 256 points.”
“”If we calculate based on the attribute doubling theory, a Spirit Realm level one expert would have around 512 points… It seems weaker than me, but whether the transition from Physique Realm to Spirit Realm follows the attribute doubling theory is uncertain, and I don’t know much about the Spirit Realm.”
“Even if a Spirit Realm level one expert has only 512 points in attributes, right now, I’m disturbed by the spiritual pressure, and I can only unleash 60% of my strength, which is about 1200 points of attribute for combat performance…”
It seemed like Lu Ming had the advantage, but this calculation did not account for the effects of Body Forging Techniques and Source Power Skills.
Moreover, a one-fold attribute difference… might make others feel secure, but for Lu Ming, a mere one-fold attribute difference did not make much of a difference.
At most, it could be called “a slight advantage”!
These thoughts flashed through Lu Ming’s mind.
In the next second, Lu Ming nodded gently, “A Spirit Realm level one is a formidable opponent for me in my current Self-Limitation State.”
“Then…”
With a thought, Lu Ming’s body immediately began to expand!
Evil Spirit slowed his pace.
In a battle between Spirit Realm experts, spiritual pressure was often used to probe the opponent’s strength.
However, what puzzled Evil Spirit was that the “Spirit Realm” opponent on the other side, after being affected by his spiritual pressure, did not display any signs of spiritual pressure. Instead, he seemed to be muttering something to himself…
This made Evil Spirit raise his guard.
He was not in a hurry to attack Lu Ming because it was very difficult to determine the outcome of a battle between Spirit Realm experts in one single move. There were too many life-saving moves for Spirit Realm experts.
The most crucial aspect was ensuring one’s own safety, rather than defeating the opponent.
However, Evil Spirit did not know that his cautious approach was inadvertently making him lose his footing completely!
A loud rumbling sound suddenly erupted.
Evil Spirit’s gaze sharpened as he looked towards the source of the sound—it was Lu Ming’s heart!
As Lu Ming’s heart beat, his blood flow began to accelerate!
In the next moment, Lu Ming’s body began to expand rapidly in Evil Spirit’s eyes. His bones cracked and his muscles grew. Flis entire body became larger and taller. Correspondingly, Evil Spirit’s view of Lu Ming changed from looking down to looking up.
In just a second, Lu Ming’s appearance had completely transformed.
His entire body was still humanoid, but his height had soared to eight meters.
Striped muscle tissue covered his entire body, yet it did not appear bloated. Instead, It had a perfect golden ratio!
His clothing was completely torn apart by the sudden change in his body, and in the dim light, his streamlined muscles and perfect physique made Evil Spirit and Luo Xin feel as though the figure before them was not a human but an exquisite art sculpture.
Evil Spirit suddenly narrowed his eyes.
“Transformation ability? This might be a bit troublesome…”
However, he did not know that this was Lu Ming’s standard form.
In other words… his current physical form was Lu Ming’s true appearance!


CHAPTER-210
Chapter 210: Desperate State!

“I’ve become a giant?”
After returning to his normal state, Lu Ming was slightly surprised.
However, the surprise quickly dissipated.
Because it was only natural.
Unlike others, Lu Ming’s enhanced attributes would cause changes in his body. He used to grow taller and stronger, but his appearance would only remain the same when he was in a Self-Limitation State.
In Lu Ming’s normal state, he had long ceased to look like the original guy at 3.5 meters tall…
After moving his body slightly, Lu Ming adapted to his strength of 2,000 points of attributes in an instant—because this was Lu Ming’s true strength.
In his Self-Limitation state, Lu Ming would instead feel a strange sense of restraint…
Lowering his head, he looked at the dumbfounded Roxin and Evil Spirit who had a grim expression on his face. Lu Ming hummed, his voice like a bell.
“1’11 ask you one last time, do you still want to continue?”
Evil Spirit was silent for a moment before suddenly grinning.
“Awesome just because you’re bigger? That’s not how it works.”
“Oh… Then 1 understand…”
There was no intention on the other party to stop.
So, in Lu Ming’s perception, this battle was already unavoidable…
Since he was going to fight, he had to go all out!
Just as Evil Spirit approached with a strange gait, Lu Ming once again relaxed his physical limitations!
His heart began to pound rapidly once more.
At this moment, Lu Ming’s heartbeat became a continuous line!
The speed of his blood circulation increased again, turning his whole body red!
Explosive power surged from his body, not only causing him to grow taller but also igniting in him a desire to vent!
“Roar!”
He suddenly roared, and a shockwave, like a cannonball, shot out of Lu Ming’s mouth straight towards Evil Spirit!
The condensed shockwave seemed substantial, causing Evil Spirit to frown. However, he did not want to withstand the attack head-on, so he briefly dodged it. However, when he turned back, he was completely stunned!
Because in the moment his gaze shifted, Lu Ming had already completed his transformation from his normal state to his explosive state!
His increased height had already reached 15 meters!
Lu Ming’s short, thick hair had touched the ceiling of the underground space.
But that was not the most crucial point.
The most crucial point was that Lu Ming’s body was becoming less and less human…
Layer upon layer of bone armor grew out from within Lu Ming’s body, enveloping him in a layer of armor with extremely strong defensive capabilities.
With a “plop plop” sound, four additional arms grew out from between his ribs.
Right in the center of his forehead and on both sides of his temples, his flesh suddenly tore open, and three eyeballs rolled around in the gaps!
The most striking feature was the eye on his forehead—unlike the other eyes that were black and white, this one was entirely black and occasionally emitted a chilling gleam.
This time, Evil Spirit was truly taken aback…
He had to reevaluate the danger of this operation.
To be honest, Evil Spirit wanted to tell Lu Ming that they were not fighting anymore and that he would give up on this mission… However, unexpectedly, just as he hesitated for a moment, Lu Ming roared again!
This roar was like a thunderclap in the clear sky, deafening!
For a moment, more than half of the inner city of Flame City echoed with Lu Ming’s furious roar!
“Rumble!”
Lu Ming’s head finally pierced through the ceiling.
The several-meter-thick ground, with restrictions attached to it, was as fragile as tofu before Lu Ming’s increasing height!
The craggy bone spikes were like irregular strange rocks that grew wildly, and the cold light flickering on them made Evil Spirit shiver.
“Rumble!”
The sound of rocks shattering sounded again.
Evil Spirit felt a gust of wind above his head.
After the wind passed, the gray sunlight outside suddenly poured in.
It turned out that Lu Ming had actively smashed the underground ceiling with a single slap!
The field of vision finally widened.
As for Evil Spirit, he finally saw what this monster in front of him really looked like…
Three identical five-eyed skulls grew on Lu Ming’s neck, with bizarre bone protrusions covering his cheeks, not appearing messy but rather outlining a demonic mask.
At first glance, it looked ferocious, but on closer inspection, it had a strange beauty.
A large number of bone spikes grew on the original protective bone armor. The bone spikes swayed faintly like living creatures.
However, on the whole, these bone spikes did not appear abrupt. Instead, they seemed like embellishments on bone armor.
Six arms were lined up on both sides of his body, with thirty fingers moving slightly. That was the power Lu Ming was familiarizing himself with in the new Desperate State.
At this moment, Lu Ming’s height had already risen to 30 meters!
Roxin and Evil Spirit were stunned for a long time before saying in unison as if they had discussed it.
“Is he even human?!”
“Indeed, was he still a human?!
“Yes.”
Lu Ming replied with a very affirmative answer…
Within the Black Mist Zone, there were many strange and bizarre races, and his current appearance was not that strange. At most, he was taller and stronger. Why was he not a human?
However, there was no need to care about what these people were thinking.
Looking at Evil Spirit, Lu Ming pointed his finger at him.
A loud “bang” rang out.
A bone spike shot out from between Lu Ming’s fingers like a bullet and instantly hit Evil Spirit’s forehead…
In the Desperate State, Lu Ming’s three-dimensional attributes reached 20,000 points.
Lu Ming really did not know if this level of attributes could deal with an Evil Spirit at the first level of the Spirit Realm.
But he thought it should be possible…
This was because the effect of the spiritual pressure was gradually diminishing as Lu Ming’s form changed.
In his Self-Limitation state, Lu Ming could only unleash 60% of his strength against the spiritual pressure of the Evil Spirit.
In his normal state, Lu Ming could only unleash 80% of his strength against the spiritual pressure of the Evil Spirit.
In his Explosive state, Lu Ming was almost unaffected by the spiritual pressure of the Evil Spirit.
And In the Desperate state, Lu Ming could not sense the spiritual pressure at all…
Perhaps… Lu Ming was much stronger than the level one Spirit Realm Evil Spirit.
Lu Ming had considered this possibility, but he did not think the reality necessarily matched it—Spirit Realm experts were rare and powerful, they should not be so vulnerable… right?
While Lu Ming was contemplating, the answer had already appeared…
In his Desperate state, Lu Ming made the level one Spirit Realm expert appear utterly vulnerable…
That bone spike was originally Lu Ming’s probing attack, just to see what abilities this Evil Spirit had.
With a thought, the bone spike was activated and directly struck Evil Spirit’s forehead at nearly teleportation speed.
What was worth mentioning was that even when the bone spike left his body, it was still a part of Lu Ming’s body.
As long as it was a part of Lu Ming’s body, it would be controlled by Lu Ming and protected by the micro-level Source Power Armor.
So, the hardness of this bone spike could naturally be imagined!
Moreover, Lu Ming also discovered that the power of the micro-level Explosive Fist could also be channeled through this bone spike.
With a “Bang.”
The bone spike pierced into Evil Spirit’s forehead and sank into it. Then, the Explosive Fist power was unleashed…
There was another “boom.”
Despite the faint explosion sound, it had the annihilating force of destruction.
Evil Spirit’s head was instantly gone…
It was not until Evil Spirit’s body fell to the ground and twitched a few times that he completely lost his life. Lu Ming looked around and then looked at Roxin in confusion.
Is he dead?”
Roxin nodded numbly, “Yes.”
Lu Ming frowned and asked again, “Is he really a Spirit Realm expert?”
Roxin nodded numbly, “Yes..”


CHAPTER-211
Chapter 211: Roxin’s Request

It was a fact that Evil Spirit was dead.
It was also a fact that Evil Spirit was in the Spirit Realm…
On the other hand, Lu Ming had a strange sense of falsehood.
Was a level one Spirit Realm expert so weak?
Muttering to himself with words like “strange” and “so weak”, Lu Ming returned to his Self-Limitation state.
After returning to his Self-Limitation state, Lu Ming was still puzzled and could only convince himself with reasons like, “1 leveled up too quickly, causing my strength to grow too fast, and 1 lost sight of my own position.” “Fortunately, the problem has been resolved…”
After muttering this, Lu Ming looked at Roxin and then at the ceiling that he had smashed.
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming asked, “Do you have any other secluded places?”
Roxin shook her head blankly.
Even now, her eyes were still unfocused…
Lu Ming pointed to the missing ceiling above his head and asked, “Then, what should we do about this?”
The ceiling was gone. Not only did it mean that it had been exposed, but it also meant that the restrictions here had been destroyed and could no longer be used to hide and protect. To be honest, this made Lu Ming feel insecure.
Luo Xin shook her head again, “1 don’t know…”
This child… might have been scared out of her wits…
Yes, Evil Spirit’s reputation was indeed quite terrifying. It was normal for a young girl like Roxin to be afraid of such a person.
After finding a reasonable explanation for Roxin’s behavior, Lu Ming frowned and looked above his head, but he could not come up with a good solution for a while.
Soon, Lu Ming gritted his teeth.
“I won’t fix it.”
He was quite formidable and strong now. He probably had a certain level of self-protection ability within the Flame Clan Ruin.
The most important thing now was to advance as soon as possible and start mining.
He had to obtain all the Divine Source Points first before thinking about anything else!
Thinking of this, Lu Ming turned around and quickly returned to his room.
Not long after, the Source Power tide surged again and flowed into Lu Ming’s room.
After reaching the Physique Realm, Lu Ming felt his cultivation speed had slowed slightly.
Previously, he could advance to level one in a few hours, but now, his speed was so slow that he might need a day to break through from Physique Realm level one Physique Realm level two.
“This speed is indeed a bit slow.”
After more than ten minutes, Lu Ming gradually stopped his cultivation when he noticed the slow progress. He sat on the bed and muttered to himself.
Originally, advancing in a day was not a difficult task. However, now that their hiding place’s protective enchantments were broken, it meant that this place was no longer safe. Spending a whole day here to advance made Lu Ming feel uneasy.
“By the way, can I advance in the Void Space?”
This idea flashed through his mind, and the more Lu Ming thought about it, the more feasible it seemed.
Since he could gain attribute points within the Void Space, there was no reason why he could not advance there.
Just as he was about to activate the Void Realm, he suddenly heard a knock on the door.
“Come in.”
As soon as Lu Ming finished speaking, Roxin entered the room.
She looked at the ordinary Lu Ming and the panic in her eyes flashed brief and was gone. Then, she suddenly gritted her teeth and knelt in front of Lu Ming. “Mr. Lu, please help us again and save my brother!”
Lu Ming,”???”
He really wanted to ask, What’s going on with you siblings? Why do you keep bringing me trouble!?
Before Lu Ming could speak, Roxin continued.
“As a gesture of sincerity, I’m willing to tell Mr. Lu a secret.”
Lu Ming wanted to say that he did not want to know any secrets at all, but he did not expect Roxin to be so eloquent.
She spoke quickly, “There might not be a divine inheritance in this ruin, but there is definitely the inheritance of King Lin!”
“And King Lin’s inheritance is a quasi-divine-level inheritance! If Mr. Lu is willing to ensure the safety of my brother and me again this time, I’ll make the decision to offer the inheritance of King Lin.”
Luo Xin felt that this was a significant gift.
It had to be known that that was a quasi-divine-level inheritance!
As everyone knew, the birth of a god could only be achieved by ascending the Heaven Ascension Stairs, and obtaining the Origin of Gods to ascend to Heaven!
Almost all the gods were ancient realm experts before becoming gods. The stronger they were in the ancient realm, the more advantages they would have after entering the Heaven Ascension Stairs.
Therefore, a long time ago, such a level had spread in the Black Mist Zone Quasi-Divine level.
To put it bluntly, it was basically a super-sized level nine of the Ancient Realm.
And how much of a super-sized ancient realm ninth level did it take to qualify for this level? At least, one had to be able to defeat three opponents of the same level.
The former three kings of the Flame Clan and the last emperor of the Flame Clan were at this level.
-Once they obtained the qualifications to ascend to the heavens and stepped onto the Heaven Ascension Stairs, they became powerful contenders for the next deity.
The inheritance left behind by such an expert was also called a Quasi-Divine level inheritance.
To Roxin’s surprise, when Lu Ming heard this, he remained expressionless…
Although he did not know what a Quasi-Divine-Level inheritance was, from this title and Roxin’s expression, Lu Ming could guess that it was probably something very valuable.
However, Lu Ming did not care.
Now, there was nothing more important than mining!
He said softly, “1 need a few hours to prepare.”
“We’ll talk about this in a few hours.”
As soon as he finished speaking, Lu Ming’s consciousness had already drifted away and entered the Void Realm.
The current time flow in the Void Realm was one day here to an hour outside.
It was truly the perfect cultivation ground for Lu Ming!
Sitting cross-legged on the ground, Lu Ming began to circulate his breathing technique.
In an instant, Lu Ming could sense a large number of mystery factors pouring into his body from the outside world and turning into nourishment for his advancement!
“My idea is feasible!”
There was no better news than this.
If Roda was here, he would definitely be amazed by Lu Ming’s boldness… or shocked by Lu Ming’s ignorance…
This ability of the Void Realm was quite rare, but in the black fog area, where everyone had extraordinary abilities, there were many similar abilities.
It was a well-known fact (except for Lu Ming) that this ability could be used to cultivate Source Power Skills but could not be used for advancement!
This was because the perception of time between the body and the mind was different. When Lu Ming circulated the breathing technique in the Void Realm, the Source Power Skills that surged into his body would double according to the rate of time flow!
This meant that Lu Ming’s body in the outside world had to receive 24 times the Source Power in the same amount of time!
The only outcome of bursting from excessive Source Power infusion was death!
But as always, Lu Ming was special.
Others could not advance continuously, but he could.
Others could not advance within the Void Realm, but he could!
In the outside world, an even more violent Source Power tide surged again, forming a huge funnel-shaped Source Power tide that was visible to everyone in the inner city!
Luo Xin, who was closest to Lu Ming, had no choice but to leave his room and even the secret residence of the Lin King. This was because the terrifying attraction emanating from Lu Ming’s body was actively attracting the Source Power within Roxin’s body!
Just one hour later, Lu Ming advanced again!


CHAPTER-212
Chapter 212: The Death of the Jing God

Name: Lu Ming
Level: Physical Realm, Level 2.
Strength: 4000
Physique: 4000
Agility: 4000
Free Attribute Points: 0
Divine Source Points: 43
It was inevitable that attributes would double when advancing from Physical
Realm Level 1 to Level 2.
However, this time, Lu Ming only obtained 1 Divine Source point.
However, this also proved that the Divine Source Mine was not yet depleted. “Keep going!”
Two hours later in the outside world, Lu Ming once again advanced, and attained Physical Realm Level 3!
His attributes doubled, and his Divine Source Points +1, reaching 44 points. “Keep going!”
Four hours later, Lu Ming advanced again and reached Physical Realm Level 4!
His attributes doubled, and Divine Source Points +1, reaching 45 points.
“Keep going!”
Another eight hours passed.
As the Source Power Skill storm subsided, Lu Ming’s level stabilized at Physical
Realm Level 5.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Physical Realm, Level 5.
Strength: 32000
Physique: 32000
Agility: 32000
Free Attribute Points: 0
Divine Source Points: 45
This time, the number of Divine Source Points did not increase…
The Divine Source Mine had been emptied.
At the moment when Lu Ming advanced to Physique Realm Level 5, in the former palace of the Jing God, a continuous cracking sound echoed. Jing Yi suddenly stood up and looked toward the location of the Jing God.
He could clearly see that the Stone of Eternity crystal coffin on which the Jing God was laid was shattering into pieces, turning into crystal dust that filled the air. The Jing God’s body fell to the ground, with a heavy muffled thud.
For a god, this landing was really undignified.
However, Jing Yi did not think much of it!
“Ancestor! Ancestor!”
He cheered excitedly and jogged to the Jing God s side.
Looking at the clear face of the Jing God and sensing the unparalleled power within the Jing God’s body, Jing Yi could not help but tear up!
After tens of thousands of years of waiting, he finally obtained the results today!
Now that the Jing God Shen had recovered from his injuries, he would undoubtedly lead the Flame Clan back to its peak!
Not to mention becoming a top-tier large clan, with a god as their leader, even becoming a top-tier large clan among all clans would be a breeze. And for Jing Yi, as one of the few surviving members of the Flame Clan, and the one who played the most significant role in the Jing God’s revival he did not need to think much about his status, right?
Envisioning a future with a multitude of wives and a splendid life where he stood above tens of thousands under one god, Jing Yi finally saw the Jing God slowly opening his eyes…
The Jing God opened his mouth in bewilderment and let out a long moan.
His eyes, which seemed to be burning with flames, stared intensely ar Jing Yi.
When their eyes met, Jing Yi’s eyes were filled with excitement and he was speechless for a moment.
But the bewilderment in the Jing God’s eyes quickly faded, replaced by terror and despair!
“Where’s my Divine Source?”
“Where did my Divine Source go?!”
T he Jing God uttered two sentences that Jing Yi could not understand, leaving him confused.
But soon, his confusion turned into fear!
Because he could clearly see black spots with a foul odor emerging from the Jing God’s exposed skin!
It was as if this was a form of cancer, spreading rapidly on the Jing God s body!
During the era of the Flame Clan’s decline, the seven gods of the Flame Clan had fallen one after another. Even the most tenacious Jing God had ended up severely injured.
And the only thing that could harm a god was another god!
The injuries on the Jing God’s body were left behind by the Corpse God of the Undead Clan. These injuries were like festering sores that were difficult to eliminate, even impossible to remove!
At that time, the severely injured Jing God not only failed to heal his wounds but also felt that his injuries were getting worse.
It was also because of this that the Jing God created this Flame Clan Ruin, and forged the Eternal Coffin for his own healing..
Originally, the Jing God could endure the injuries, and the effect of the Eternal Coffin played a significant role. Moreover, rhe Divine Source within his body also played an important role after all, it was injuries left by another god, and within those injuries, another god s divine source was contained, and only divine source could resist divine source.
T his was common knowledge.
And now, when Lu Ming drained the divine source from the Jing God and even depleted the power inside the Eternal Coffin…
What would happen was quire obvious.
The Jing God had yer to recover from his old injuries.
And all protective measures were now gone…
He had no way, no ability, to resist the old injuries within his body.
in just three seconds, the Jing God let out a miserable scream, and the endless black spots had already covered every part of his body, even penetrating his bone marrow!
A noxious odor spread instantly.
T he Jing God seemed to have melted, emitting black smoke from his body.
T he foul liquid soaked the Jing God s clothes and meandered towards Jing Yi, who stood there in a daze.
Jing Yi took two steps back in fear and confusion, avoiding the bodily fluids flowing from the Jing God’s body…
He watched as the Jing God turned into black smoke and foul water.
Then, everything fell silent.
After a long time, earth-shattering cries suddenly erupted!
“Ancestor!!!”
“What happened to you?!”
The instigator of all this was Lu Ming. He exited from the Void Realm, slowly opening his eyes.
Inside his body, there were once again continuous crackling sounds, but under the constraint of his Self-Limitation state, Lu Ming’s physical appearance remained the same.
He stood up from the bed, moved his body slightly, quickly familiarized himself with the surging power, and then opened the attribute panel.
On the panel, the words “Void Realm (Intermediate) (Advancing)” were still flickering, but they were barely noticeable.
“This means that the Divine Source Mine has been depleted, but the Void Mine hasn’t. However, even if it hasn’t been depleted, there isn’t much left to mine.”
Lu Ming had a vague feeling that the remaining Void Mine in this legacy might not be enough to advance his Void Realm again.
“Then forget it. 1 don’t need to dig for gold in this crap heap.”
in other words, the returns were not sufficient.
“And next…”
Return to the Southern Mountain?
It was an option.
But it was not the best option…
“My best choice should be to find some Physique Realm Source Power Skills within this Flame Clan Ruin.”
After advancing to the Physique Realm, the Mortal Realm Source Power Skills could no longer provide Lu Ming with attributes. Now, there were no more Divine Source Mines to dig in this place, but there were endless inheritances of Source Power Skills….
Lu Ming wanted to find some Source Power Skills here for his own cultivation.
However, this involved going out to explore and take risks.
“However, it was so easy for me to kill a first level Spirit Realm expert previously. Now that I’m facing a Spirit Realm expert, 1 should have some self-defense ability, right?”
After a brief evaluation, Lu Ming felt that with his current strength, he should be able to find opportunities in this ruin.
“Let s do it then.”
“That’s right. 1 seem to have forgotten something.”
it was not until Lu Ming walked out of the secret residence and saw the anxious Roxin on the street that he realized what he had forgotten.
“Have Roda and Uncle Lu not returned yet?”
Roxin nodded aggrievedly, “They’re not back yet… They were blocked by the people from the Divine Dao Alliance…”
Lu Ming frowned.
Take me there..


CHAPTER-213
Chapter 213: Fighting Violence with Violence

Although Roxin’s strength was not great, she was quite intelligent.
“I only sensed that something might have happened to my brother and the others when the Evil Spirit appeared.”
On the way to the Imperial City District, Roxin told Lu Ming everything she knew.
Roda and Roxin were originally the Aeonians, and Uncle Lu was their family servant.
However, over 40 years ago, the Ro family was exterminated by their enemies. Roda and Uncle Lu escaped with Roxin, who was still in her infancy.
“Wait, you’re already in your forties?”
Lu Ming looked at Roxin’s baby face in surprise and saw Roxin’s puzzled expression.
“We, Aeonians, only reach adulthood at the age of 50…”
Lu Ming,”???”
Well, he had to admit that humans were probably a short-lived race in the Black Mist Zone… Moreover, as their cultivation advanced, their bodies were strengthened and their lifespans would increase accordingly.
The topic was quickly passed over by Roxin as she continued.
“Originally, our Ro family had some status in Tianyuan City under the jurisdiction of the Aeonians. Therefore, our family has many ancient books at home.”
“When my brother was young, he read an ancient book that recorded the matters of the Flame Clan.”
The author of that ancient book was unknown.
Not only did he roughly estimate the time when the Flame Clan Ruin would open again, but he also provided the exact location.
After the Ro family was destroyed, Roda was filled with the desire for revenge, and to seek revenge, he needed power!
He, along with Roxin and Uncle Lu, crossed the Hundred Thousand Mountains and eventually settled in Archean City. He used his Spirit Realm strength to ascend to the position of the City Lord of Archean City.
“Like 1 told you before, Mr. Lu, the inheritance of King Lin is the goal of my brother’s journey.”
“Both my brother and 1 know the location of this inheritance. But due to the recent establishment of the Divine Dao Alliance, we couldn’t secretly go to the Imperial City District to obtain the inheritance. In desperation, my brother had to contact some enemies of the Divine Dao Alliance to weaken them and reduce the competition.”
In order to have a stable logistics support, Roda chose King Lin’s secret residence as his hiding place.
But, now, this secret hiding place had been pinpointed by the Evil Spirit. This might mean that Roda’s plan had long been discovered by someone.
Thinking of this, Roxin unconsciously quickened her pace and continued,
“My brother’s plan is to lure most of the Spirit Realm experts in the ruin to the ancestral hall of the Imperial City. There’s an extremely lethal array formation restriction there.”
“My brother wants to use this array formation restriction to deal a heavy blow to the Spirit Realm experts of the Divine Dao Alliance. However, there might be a problem with my brother’s plan now, and 1 don’t know how the situation is over there.”
As they spoke, the two of them had already arrived at the checkpoint between the Inner City District and the Imperial City District.
Ahead, members of the Divine Dao Alliance patrolled in large numbers, and a Spirit Realm expert was flying in the sky, overlooking below.
He had sharp eyes and immediately spotted Lu Ming and Roxin.
With a resounding sonic boom, this person quickly arrived in front of Lu Ming and Roxin.
“Who are you…”
Before this person could finish speaking, Lu Ming had already said in a low voice, “This is Roda’s sister. I was ordered by Li De to capture her.”
“Take me to Li De.”
This was an idea that had just occurred to Lu Ming.
Pretending to be Evil Spirit to avoid battle.
As for whether it would work or not… he had to give it a try, right?
Clearly, Li De’s decision to have the Evil Spirit capture Roxin was not something known to everyone.
At least, the Spirit Realm expert in front of Lu Ming definitely did not know about this.
After glancing at Lu Ming and then at Roxin, the Spirit Realm expert thought for a moment and said, “Give me the token first.”
Lu Ming could not help but fall silent.
After a moment, he smiled bitterly and shook his head, “1 was being too clever for my own good.”
At this moment, the Divine Dao Alliance dominated the Flame Clan Ruin.
This proved that this organization had some power.
For example, at checkpoints like this one in the Imperial City District, one needed a token to pass through. Otherwise, if anyone could simply claim to have a secret mission and roam freely, what kind of order would that create?
Hearing Lu Ming’s low muttering, the Spirit Realm expert’s expression darkened.
“You little brat, how dare you fool me!”
His spiritual pressure suddenly erupted, and Roxin’s legs went limp, but she was supported by Lu Ming.
Even in a Self-Limitation State, the spiritual pressure at the first level of the Spirit Realm expert could no longer affect Lu Ming at all.
Lu Ming spoke softly,
“I don’t really understand your way of doing things.”
“When I first entered this ruin, I heard someone say that this ruin is vast, and there are many treasures inside. No matter how many people enter, everyone will be able to gain something. It’s just a matter of how much they gain.”
“Later on, you formed an alliance and eliminated the other explorers… 1 really don’t understand why you are so overbearing, unreasonable, and greedy.
“In such a large place, it would take your Divine Dao Alliance several years to explore it all. So why make rules to eliminate others and make enemies?”
The Spirit Realm expert in front of Lu Ming was left speechless by his words.
After some hesitation, the person suddenly laughed wildly.
“Are you f*cking crazy?!”
“Make enemies!?”
“Not only does our Divine Dao Alliance make enemies, but we can also kill you!!”
Source Power transformed into a giant hand that grabbed at Lu Ming ferociously.
Seeing this scene, Lu Ming could not help but shake his head.
“No way to reason, no way to communicate.”
“To deal with such overbearing and selfish people, I can only respond to them in an even more overbearing and selfish manner!”
Lu Ming was that kind of person.
When friends come, there is fine wine, when enemies come, there are bayonets.
And now, the Divine Dao Alliance was undoubtedly categorized as enemies by Lu Ming!
So, Lu Ming no longer wanted to reason!
He clenched his fists and bent his waist.
It was a very, very simple jab.
The problem was the speed and power of this punch…
The speed was so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye—even the Spirit Realm experts could not see Lu Ming’s punching movement.
And the power was even beyond belief!
The Micro-Level Explosive Fist coupled with Lu Ming’s current terrifying attributes created such a scene.
A condensed fist force swept out like a pillar of light.
This pillar of light effortlessly shattered the Source Power giant hand and swept into the head of the Spirit Realm expert.
Immediately after, the remaining force of the fist did not decrease and directly smashed into the checkpoint set up by the Divine Dao Alliance!
There were no complex lights and shadows, no huge sound waves.
However, where the pillar of light passed, everything seemed to melt, revealing a transparent hole about half a meter in diameter—whether it was a human body or a building!
The residual force of the punch finally hit the city wall of the Imperial City District.
With a sound of intense friction, the restrictions on the city wall shattered and dissipated, taking quite some time to digest the residual force of Lu Ming’s punch.
Everyone present was dumbfounded.
They looked at the Spirit Realm expert who had fallen to the ground and then at Lu Ming, who was slowly retracting his fist…
For a long time, no one said a word.
Lu Ming gently clenched his fists and turned to Roxin.
“Let’s go straight to Roda.”
“You lead the way.”
“You don’t need to worry about anything else..”


CHAPTER-214
Chapter 214: Fighting Violence with Violence (2)

To be honest, Lu Ming was a bit angry right now.
-Or perhaps, it could be said that he had been dissatisfied with the Divine Dao Alliance for a long, long time.
Not only did they want to collect his entrance fee, but they also wanted to search his body…
Lu Ming had not sought revenge at that time, but he had kept it in his heart.
Now, they had set up a checkpoint on Lu Ming’s path and someone was asking him for a token…
“Your Divine Dao Alliance is not the owner of this place!”
“So what’s the difference between you and highway bandits!?”
Lu Ming had a way to deal with the bandits…
Reasoning with them was definitely not going to work; the only way was to be more ruthless and more domineering than them!
In short: Fight violence with violence!
After knocking down the Spirit Realm guard with a punch, Lu Ming surveyed his surroundings.
He could clearly see that the surrounding members of the Divine Dao Alliance were looking at him with fear in their eyes.
“So you thugs can also be afraid…”
After muttering these words in a low voice, Lu Ming gently moved his neck.
“It’s a very simple principle…”
“Those who act with violence will be met with violence!”
Lu Ming spoke in a low voice, and at the same time, his body began to rapidly grow in size.
Self-Limitation State—Normal State—Explosive State!
This was a two-stage transformation in succession!
As he unsealed his strength, Lu Ming continued to speak.
“You, Divine Dao Alliance, are arrogant and domineering, doing as you please within the Flame Clan Ruin!”
“You guys use your power, taking other people’s things as your own!”
“Then at this moment, I want to ask a question. If I have stronger power than you, can I deprive you of everything you have, including your lives?”
After he finished speaking, Lu Ming had already completed his Explosive Transformation!
Everyone saw…
A nearly thirty-meter-tall six-armed giant looked down arrogantly at everything beneath his feet. His body was covered in bone armor, making Lu Ming look like a knight of justice, majestic and awe-inspiring!
No one dared to speak in front of Lu Ming.
Perhaps they were awed by the righteous light emanating from Lu Ming!
Therefore, no one could answer Lu Ming’s question.
So Lu Ming could only mutter to himself, “According to your style of doing things, 1 think the answer to my question should be: Yes.”
“Now, I want to invite you to face greater violence! Taste greater ruthlessness!”
“Everyone from the Divine Dao Alliance!”
“Destroy me!”
“Or be destroyed by me!”
In the Imperial City District, at the ancestral hall.
Roda and Li De had been confronting each other for over a day.
Roda was huddled inside the ancestral hall, his expression calm but with a hint of worry.
The reason for his calmness was that he understood the restrictions in the ancestral hall. If Li De dared to enter, he would definitely teach him a lesson!
However, he was worried about Roxin’s safety.
Li De led his men to surround the ancestral hall. His expression was also calm but vaguely angry.
The calmness was that his side was stronger.
The anger was that Evil Spirit had yet to complete the mission and there was not even a hint of news…
Was it so difficult to capture a Physique Realm woman?
In short, both sides in the standoff had their own ulterior motives. Neither side had the intention or need to make the first move.
What broke the balance between the two sides was the continuous explosions at the entrance of the Imperial City District!
The sounds made everyone turn their heads, and they saw lightning flashing at the entrance, with a massive mushroom cloud rising into the sky!
“It’s Wahi’s Thunderstorm Cloud and Snow’s Radiation Explosion Fist!”
Wall! and Snow were the Spirit Realm experts of the Divine Dao Alliance.
Coupled with the Spirit Realm experts who were in charge of guarding the checkpoint but were blown up by Lu Ming with a punch, these three people were the ones who were once defeated by Roda and the others. As a form of punishment, Li De had not brought them along this time. Instead, he had assigned them to guard the entrance to the Imperial City District. This was both to prevent any interference and to block Roda’s escape route.
Looking at the situation in the distance, it was obvious that something had gone wrong over there. Walli and Snow had already started fighting with someone else.
Li De suddenly had a bad feeling.
After some thought, he turned to look at the twin brothers beside him.
“All Da, All Er, go over there and take a look.”
“Hmph.”
The two brothers responded in a low voice and turned to walk toward the entrance.
Li De turned to look at Roda again and saw a hint of confusion on Roda’s face.
Clearly, the commotion over there was not Roda’s backup plan…
This made Li De furrow his brows.
What is going on?
Time went back to just now.
“Everyone from the Divine Dao Alliance!”
“Destroy me!”
“Or be destroyed by me!”
As soon as Lu Ming finished speaking, he had already attacked!
There was no mercy or forgiveness.
Although the Divine Dao Alliance members near the checkpoint were only some errand boys below the Spirit Realm, it did not mean that they had not committed a crime or done anything wrong as they were not the mastermind and the main culprit!
Because of this, these people needed to be purified!
They all had to suffer the backlash of violence!
“Phew.”
Lu Ming’s breathing sounded like the roar of a ferocious beast.
Everyone saw Lu Ming’s body suddenly tremble and begin to tremble continuously.
Accompanied by Lu Ming’s vibration, countless air waves rolled out from all over Lu Ming’s body!
No, those were not air waves!
They were forces!
The force of the Explosive Fist!
Superpower: The Self-Limitation State of the body is a superpower that develops the potential of the human body. This ability gave Lu Ming super strong body control.
In his Explosive State, Lu Ming could even use his entire body as a fist and use any part of his body to execute a Microscopic-Level Explosive Punch.
In the blink of an eye.
Dense fist force dragons had already appeared around Lu Ming’s body.
With a thought from Lu Ming, the dragons whistled and flew in all directions!
“Pfft, pfft.”
This was the sound of an explosive fist annihilating something.
There might even be the sound of a body being torn apart by the explosive punch.
Lu Ming did not want to distinguish in detail.
He did not even want to see the results of the battle he had caused.
This was because Lu Ming could not be bothered to find a sense of existence in front of these weak people below the Spirit Realm!
One strike!
It was just one strike!
If they could block this attack, they would live. If they could not, they would die!
It was that simple!
Lu Ming walked towards the entrance of the Imperial City District in the distance, with Roxin following closely behind him.
It was not until the two of them arrived in front of the entrance that Roxin took out a spherical object from her pocket. This was the key to the Imperial City.
Do 1 open the door?”
Roxin looked up at Lu Ming and asked, her eyes faintly blooming with admiration.
However, Lu Ming did not see the glint in Roxin’s eyes.
He only nodded slightly, “Open.”
As the restriction was opened, Lu Ming immediately squeezed into the Imperial City District.
In the next second, huge lightning rained down from above and a heavy fist filled with heat smashed into his knee!
The power of the Spirit Realm suddenly opened!
Lu Ming had been killed by a spirit realm expert!
However, the outcome surprised Walli and Snow.
Their sure-kill skills, Thunder Cloud Storm and Radiation Explosion Fist, hit the center of the target.
However, when the lightning struck Lu Ming’s body, it only flowed around the bone armor on Lu Ming’s body and disappeared without a trace, causing no damage to Lu Ming at all…
Lu Ming’s bone armor was insulated.
Snow was in a worse state.
The Radiation Explosion Fist hit Lu Ming’s knee. However, not only did Lu Ming not move, but a huge recoil force also surged out, breaking Snow’s arm bone on the spot.
The Micro-level Source Power Armor was still reliable. In fact, after Lu Ming advanced to the fifth level of the Physique Realm, the power of the Source Power Armor reached new heights, and it was no longer something that a first level Spirit Realm expert could shake.
Lu Ming, who was tickled, lowered his head and looked at the two shrimps at his feet.
“That’s it?”
“That’s all!?”
An explosive roar resounded throughout the entire Imperial City District.
“That’s all?! Your Divine Dao Alliance still wants to monopolize the Flame Clan Ruin?! You still want to collect toil from me?! You still want to search my body?!”
“You guys are too shameless!”


CHAPTER-215
Chapter 215: Fighting Violence with Violence (3)

The furious roars echoed from the entrance of the Imperial City District.
Countless explosive fist force dragons flew out from all over Lu Ming’s body!
In fact, when they saw that their signature moves were ineffective against Lu Ming, Walli and Snow had already entered their most familiar phase: self-preservation.
The two of them fled in different directions at lightning speed.
But don’t be fooled by Lu Ming’s enormous size; he was surprisingly fast!
After all, size and speed were not necessarily inversely proportional!
“Trying to escape!?”
“Don’t even think you can escape from me!!”
In an instant, the Soldier Transformation Technique was instantly activated, and the saber, spear, sword, staff, and bow instantly appeared in Lu Ming’s six arms.
The five weapons were gigantic and perfectly suited to Lu Ming’s current size.
“Die!”
His upper two arms drew bows and shot arrows, and the massive arrow lights roared and flew towards Walli.
Meanwhile, the middle and right arms swung forcefully, and the sword light burst forth. The sword light struck Snow’s back at lightning speed!
Lu Ming’s most powerful attack methods at the moment were the
Micro-Realm Explosive Punch and the Perfect Realm Atomic Sword Technique!
While the Explosive Fist was of a slightly higher level, it was just an ordinary Source Power Skill, whereas the Atomic Sword Technique was a Physique Realm Source Power Skill. In every aspect, it outperformed the Explosive Fist!
Therefore, despite the lower level of the Atomic Sword Art, its power was not to be underestimated.
As the sword light of the Atomic Sword Technique landed on Snow’s back, Snow immediately froze in place.
The enormous sword light merged into Snow’s body, like an elephant entering a child’s skin…
In the next second, Snow’s entire body trembled slightly, and black streams of energy drifted out from all over his body.
He turned into ashes and disappeared completely.
The Atomic Sword Technique attacked the enemies directly at the atomic level. In other words, this technique was nearly impossible to defend against at the cellular level as long as it hit the physical body!
One could imagine how terrifying its destructive power was.
Moreover, Lu Ming’s raw power completely crushed Snow who was at Level 1 of the Spirit Realm…
He had no chance of escaping from Lu Ming’s hands at all!
On the other hand, Walli, who was at the Spirit Realm Level 2, fared slightly better than Snow.
After all, using the Soldier Transformation Technique as a bow and the Spiritual Energy Bullet Rain as arrows, both skills were not high-level, and the lethality combined was not very strong.
Furthermore, Walli was stronger than Snow, and he had more means of self-preservation.
In the sky, Wahi’s body, which was flying, suddenly rained down blood.
Half of his body was blasted apart by Lu Ming’s arrow.
But, at this moment, Walli suddenly let out a furious roar.
A large amount of white light fell on the wound, miraculously healing it instantly.
However, Lu Ming would not miss the opportunity to strike the enemy when he was down.
He drew his bow and nocked the arrows again, and three long arrows shot out towards Walli at great speed..
This made Wahi’s expression turn grim.
“I’m done for…”
However, just a second before Wahi was about to be hit by the arrows, a giant palm ten meters long suddenly appeared in front of Wahi, blocking him.
“Boom, boom, boom!”
Three deafening explosions occurred as Lu Ming’s three arrows exploded upon contact with the giant palm. While the palm was blown to a bloody mess, it was not a serious injury.
This made Lu Ming frown.
“Finally, someone tough enough…”
Wahi was still in shock.
Turning around to look into the distance, he could see a figure not far behind him slowly approaching.
He was less than three meters tall, but strangely, its palm was disproportionately large—just like the giant hand from earlier.
As this person frowned slightly, the giant palm slowly shrank until it returned to a normal size. He then looked down at the cracks in his palm and muttered.
“He’s very strong…”
Wahi, however, could not contain his relief of surviving a calamity.
“All Da! You’re finally here!”
Ah Da and Ah Er were Li De’s right-hand men. The two brothers were extremely powerful and were both at the Spirit Realm Level 5. Moreover, they were good at joint attacks.
Together, they had once killed a Spirit Realm Level 6 opponent!
At the sound of Wahi’s voice, Ah Da looked up at him.
“Trash!”
This word ‘trash’ made Wahi’s expression stiff.
Ah Da ignored Wahi and just soared into the air and accelerated towards Lu Ming.
There was no intention of negotiation.
In midair, Ah Da had already roared, “How dare you defy Lord Li De’s will! Die!”
His body instantly expanded.
When Ah Da appeared in front of Lu Ming, his entire body had already expanded to the same height as Lu Ming!
A heavy punch tore through the air and whistled towards Lu Ming.
This punch was extremely fast and powerful. It actually successfully hit Lu
Ming’s cheek, causing Lu Ming’s head to tilt slightly.
The Source Power Armor on the faceplate was instantly torn apart. The heavy punch landed on Lu Ming’s faceplate and created spider web-like cracks.
That was all there was to it…
It was obvious that Ah Da frowned, as if he was shocked by Lu Ming’s defense. Lu Ming also raised his eyebrows and asked, “Not bad. What level are you at?” Ah Da did not respond to Lu Ming and just punched again.
At this moment, his fists were like a fierce storm, constantly hitting various parts of Lu Ming’s body, and Lu Ming fought back.
Both of them were punching!
There were no light effects.
The battle between the two of them was like the most primitive giant boxing!
“Boom!”
“Boom!”
“Boom!”
The exhilarating feeling of fists hitting flesh made Lu Ming’s blood surge, making him feel invigorated.
However, Ah Da felt increasingly uncomfortable—because Lu Ming’s punches carried the power of Micro-Level Explosive Punches, coupled with the fact that he had six arms…
This caused All Da to rapidly fall into a disadvantage in this simple hand-to-hand combat!
It was not until the consecutive heavy punches shattered Ah Da’s ribs that he took a deep breath.
He suddenly opened his mouth and stuck out his tongue. On the tip of his tongue was Ah Er, less than half a meter tall, holding a short sword, and looking at Lu Ming with a ferocious expression!
“Death Sword, Final Move!”
Black light spread over the sword’s edge.
This was Ah Er’s strongest trump card.
Once hit, the enemy would be directly cut down to the soul, and there would be no chance of survival within the Spirit Realm!
It had to be acknowledged that Ah Da and Ah Er’s combination was indeed a bit devious.
Ah Da faced the enemy head-on, while Ah Er launched a sneak attack.
This kind of coordination was extremely difficult to guard against. Unfortunately for All Er, Lu Ming was faster than him!
Lu Ming’s eyes on his forehead suddenly widened, staring directly at All Er. At this moment, before he could brandish the Death Sword Final Move, All Er suddenly felt dizzy.
His consciousness was pulled into the Void Space, and his body could not move at all!
The Void Space was activated!
Lu Ming also felt that his movements were restricted, but it was definitely not that he could not move.
With a tremor of his massive body, a large amount of Explosive Fist Force dragons flew out and instantly squeezed into Ah Da’s mouth before swarming into his stomach.
“Pfft, pfft.”
Ah Da’s tongue was gone…
Ah Er was also gone…
Immediately after, All Da’s body began to collapse.
From his neck, to his stomach, to his lower body.
In the end, all that remained at Lu Ming’s feet was All Da’s bewildered head.
Looking at Ah Da’s eyes that were filled with grievances, Lu Ming clicked his tongue.
“You’re thinking too much.”
“If you had confronted me head-on, although you still wouldn’t have had a
chance of winning, I would have respected you for being a man.”
“But playing these tricks, tsk, tsk, tsk.”
“Then it’s meaningless…”
Lu Ming shook his head and no longer paid any attention to his defeated opponents..


CHAPTER-216
Chapter 216: Fighting violence with Violence (4)

Outside the ancestral hall, Li De suddenly felt his heart palpitate.
He suddenly turned to look at the horizon and could see a terrified figure in the distance rapidly flying over!
“Boss! Boss, bad news!”
It was Walli.
Li De frowned and heard Walli cry as he quickly said, “Ah Da and All Er … are dead!”
Li De’s face instantly became ferocious!
Unlike others, the other Spirit Realm experts of the Divine Dao Alliance only had a cooperative relationship with Li De because of their interests.
Ah Da and Ah Er were his servants and were loyal!
This was called a trusted aide!
Li De really did not expect that what he thought was almost certain would end up with All Da and All Er dead.
The anger in his heart was already indescribable.
The anger caused an uncontrollable killing intent to rise in Li De’s heart!
He suddenly roared, “All Da and All Er are already dead. Why aren’t you dead, trash!!”
Wahi’s expression froze. In the next second, he saw a light flash past his eyes.
A loud “bang” rang out.
His head exploded like a rotten watermelon.
Li De personally killed this deserter!
The furious Li De silenced everyone present.
Li De turned around and looked at Roda and the others hiding in the ancestral hall.
He slowly extended his hand to Roda.
“The Jing God’s inheritance, give it to me!”
His voice was cold and his face expressionless, making one feel like one was in the cold winter.
Roda narrowed his eyes and heard Li De say, “Otherwise, 1 will definitely let you and your sister taste the most terrifying torture in the world!!”
Roda snorted disdainfully, “Those harsh words are useless against me.”
Hearing this, Li De slowly retracted his hand.
His expression was still calm as he nodded, “Alright.”
With that, he ignored Roda and turned to look at the other Divine Dao Alliance Spirit Realm experts.
“All of you, watch over them and wait for me to return.”
“If you can’t even do this…”
Li De did not say the rest.
However, combined with Li De’s overwhelming strength and his expression and tone, everyone knew that Li De was almost crazy at this moment. It was definitely not a wise move to provoke him.
As soon as Li De finished speaking, he had already flown towards the place where Lu Ming was.
There were not many members of the Divine Dao Alliance in the Imperial City District.
In addition, the battle between Ah Da and Lu Ming was massive.
At this moment, Lu Ming carried the aftershock of defeating All Da and Ah Er. Wherever he went, no one in the Divine Dao Alliance dared to stop Lu Ming.
And Luo Xin was constantly guiding Lu Ming in his direction.
The two of them had a clear goal, the destination was the ancestral hall of the palace!
However, after walking for less than five minutes, Lu Ming suddenly stopped.
This was because in front of him, the terrifying spiritual pressure was like a tsunami that pressed down on him from all directions.
Lu Ming had never heard or seen such an intense spiritual pressure. It even made Lu Ming’s body sink in his explosive state and he felt that his attributes had been weakened by at least 20%!
Looking up, Lu Ming frowned.
A ray of light instantly flashed above his head.
“Die!”
The Yang Spirit Finger was Li De’s famous ultimate skill.
He had already cultivated this Source Realm Source Power Skill to the level of proficiency.
If combined with Li De’s strength at the eighth level of the Spirit Realm, Li De could often easily kill weaklings below his level with a tap of his finger.
Even when facing any expert at the same level or even the ninth level of the Spirit Realm, Li De would not be at a disadvantage with the terrifying power of the Yang Spirit Finger.
In the large level of the Spirit Realm, Li De realized that he was not invincible, but he was indeed considered an expert in the Spirit Realm.
At least in the periphery of the Hundred Thousand Mountains, Li De was not afraid of any opponent!
He was confident.
He was proud.
When he saw the light of the Yang Spirit Finger hit the top of Lu Ming’s head, Li De had already confidently stopped and heaved a long sigh.
“All Da, All Er, I’ve avenged you.”
“Roar!”
Before Li De’s emotional feelings were over, an earth-shattering roar broke out!
This made Li De suddenly lower his head and look where Lu Ming was.
He saw the giant that should have been hit in the head, staring at him!
The top of his head was indeed seriously injured. A third of his skull had already shattered.
However, the most fragile brain tissue flickered with a faint blue light and remained intact.
What was even more exaggerated was that the giant was becoming larger.
As the giant became larger, the wound on its head kept twisting and healing…
Very soon, the wound left by the Yang Spirit Finger was no more.
And the stronger, more burly, and more ferocious giant was already standing not far away.
“It hurts…”
“It really hurts!!”
Lu Ming had never suffered such a huge injury!
The light instantly flashed just now and Lu Ming could not react in time.
When the light landed on his head, Lu Ming immediately sensed that his first layer of defense, the Source Power Armor, was instantly torn apart.
The remaining power of the light did not decrease. It shattered the Bone Armor and then shattered the Source Power Armor on the skull before shattering the skull.
It was not until it touched the Source Power Armor on his brain that its power was exhausted and it disappeared without a trace.
In fact, as soon as the light approached, Lu Ming had already been liberated again and activated his Desperate State.
If not for the fact that Lu Ming’s strength had increased by another level in his Desperate State, the attack just now would probably have been enough to severely injure Lu Ming on the spot!
Even so, Lu Ming, who had activated his Desperate State, still felt a dull pain in his scalp.
His three heads raised in unison and looked at the faint figure in the sky!
“You… deserve to die!”
If Lu Ming was calm and steady when he sensed the killing intent and decided to attack,
when the battle began and Lu Ming was even injured, Lu Ming would be violent and crazy!
The crazy secretion of adrenaline made Lu Ming risk his life.
His six arms tensed and he threw a punch. Immediately after, countless fist forces appeared!
“Get down here!!”
The dragon-like fist force instantly shot out and swept towards Li De like a rainstorm. During this period, Lu Ming kept activating the Soldier Transformation Technique, and the long sword condensed from the Soldier Transformation Technique swept out countless Atomic Sword Techniques!
It covered the sky and the earth, densely packed!
Such an extreme cover-up attack blocked all of Li De’s movements, leaving him with no way to escape!
But he himself need not escape!
Looking at the countless attacks flying towards him, Li De’s gaze was deep as he slowly sighed.
“All Da and Ah Er did not die from carelessness.”
“This person indeed has the strength to kill Ah Da and All Er.”
It was obvious that Lu Ming’s strength was stronger than the fifth level of the Spirit Realm.
Moreover, he was much stronger! He was so strong that even if Ah Da and Ah Er joined forces, they would not be Lu Ming’s match.
But…
He, Li De, was also not an easy person to deal with!
In the blink of an eye, Li De’s figure was already covered by endless attacks.
A series of explosions resounded through the entire sky.
However, below, Lu Ming’s frown deepened.
Until the attacks subsided, Li De’s entire body emitted white light, and not even a strand of hair fell!


CHAPTER-217
Chapter 217: Fighting Violence with Violence (5)

Li De gained great fame with the Yang Spirit Finger.
However, very few people knew that compared to the Yang Spirit Finger, Li De still had two hidden trump cards!
One of them was the Spirit Realm Bodyguard Technique!
Li De had long cultivated this Spirit Realm Body Protection technique to perfection. If the Yang Spirit Finger was Li De’s strongest spear, then this Spirit-Light Bodyguard Technique was his strongest shield!
No one knew if the spear was sharper or the shield was sturdier.
Because both were in Li De’s hands!
He looked down at Lu Ming below. He could see that as Lu Ming activated his Desperate State, his body expanded further and his ferocious aura erupted.
He was nearly 50 meters tall, a figure with three heads and six arms, looking exactly like a creature straight out of mythology!
But if Lu Ming was a monster… then Li De was no different!
With a buzz, Li De instantly shot towards Lu Ming. He flicked his fingers in midair, and a large amount of white light descended from the sky, completely covering Lu Ming.
“Yang Spirit Finger! Endless Style!”
The name of this move sounded domineering, but the Yang Spirit Finger had immense power and consumed a lot of energy. Calling it “endless” might have been a bit of an exaggeration, but if you likened it to a Gatling Gun barrage, it was quite fitting.
More importantly, the firing speed of the Yang Spirit Finger was much faster than bullets…
Lu Ming could not react in time…
He clearly sensed that the vital points all over his body were being violently struck.
The Yang Spirit Finger was like a blunt knife, and Lu Ming’s body was like cowhide.
It was hard to say if the blunt knife could cut through the cowhide, but Lu Ming was sure of one thing… It hurt. It really hurt!
He was getting injured, and although individual injuries were not a big problem, the cumulative effect of multiple injuries could not be ignored!
“Roar!”
Lu Ming immediately roared angrily. As he trembled all over, a continuous surge of fist force dragons flew out of his body.
The fist force dragon group coiled around Lu Ming, not attacking, but solely for defense.
With this defensive line in place, the Yang Spirit Finger lost its previous effectiveness. The annihilating power of the explosive fists clashed with the Yang Spirit Finger, and while it couldn’t completely eliminate the Yang Spirit Finger, it did reduce its destructive power.
Lu Ming, now able to catch his breath, looked at Li De and saw that Li De had come to stand not far in front of him.
At this moment, Li De had stopped firing the Yang Spirit Finger and was just staring at Lu Ming. Soon, he nodded.
“You’re even stronger than the average Level Nine Spirit Realm expert.”
Li De’s words were not untrue.
Because he had killed Spirit Realm Level Nine individuals before, and Lu Ming was clearly more challenging than those he had encountered.
“So, the Yang Spirit Finger couldn’t finish you off, which was within my expectations.”
After saying that, Li De suddenly laughed sinisterly.
“But, this is also good. Getting killed by the Yang Spirit Finger would have been too quick! It wouldn’t have helped me relieve my anger!”
“And next, if you want to die cleanly, it won’t be so easy!”
As soon as he finished speaking, Li De’s body suddenly began to expand.
It was similar to the expansion of Ah Da’s earlier!
Li De, Ah Da, and All Er belonged to the same race.
This race was called the Ding Clan.
The people of the Ding Clan possessed a special ability—control over the size of their bodies.
They could either become huge or shrink.
Whether they became larger or smaller, it would not affect their combat abilities. Whether they grew or shrank depended on the situation they were facing at the moment.
At this moment, what Li De was using was undoubtedly an enlargement.
In the blink of an eye, Li De had already grown to a size close to Lu Ming’s.
Pure white light enveloped his enormous body—the Spirit-Light Bodyguard Technique provided Li De with comprehensive protection!
At the same time, he activated the Soldier Transformation Technique, and a pair of boxing gloves appeared on Li De’s hands.
He rubbed his fists and looked at Lu Ming ferociously.
“Next, I’ll let you taste what real despair is!”
Boom! Boom!
With two big steps, he was already in front of Lu Ming.
At the same time, he unleashed a lightning-fast double punch towards Lu Ming’s chest!
The fist force pierced through the Explosive Fist Dragons, hitting the bullseye!
Spirit Realm Source Power Skill, Spirit Communication Force!
Perfect Realm!
The Ding Clan was neither big nor small, and their strength was neither strong nor weak.
The people of the Ding Clan didn’t have exceptionally long lifespans, but they weren’t short-lived either—the standard for adulthood was thirty years old, and they entered old age at around a hundred and fifty years old.
As their realms increased, their lifespans could also be greatly extended.
Li De was currently 187 years old, and he was considered to be in his prime among the Spirit Realm Clansmen.
What Lu Ming did not know was that when Li De was young, he had been quite famous within the Ding Clan—he was a rare genius.
He was not a genius who advanced quickly, but a genius in mastering Source Power Skills.
In Li De’s hands, he could quickly master any Source Power Skill and quickly advance to a higher level.
As a result, the level of the Source Power Skills on Li De, whom Lu Ming was facing at this moment, was exceptionally high!
Spirit Realm Source Power Skill, Spirit-Light Bodyguard Technique, Perfect Realm.
Source Power Skill, Yang Spirit Finger, Proficient Realm.
There was also the Spirit Realm Source Power Skill, Spirit Communication Force, Perfect Realm!
Both were attack-type Source Power Skills, and it was difficult to describe which was stronger between the Yang Spirit Finger and the Spirit Communication Force on Li De.
One could only say that the Yang Spirit Finger was more inclined to long-range attacks, and the Spirit Communication Force was a pure close combat technique!
The moment his fists hit Lu Ming, Lu Ming felt a surge of powerful force…
But it was not very painful—because the direct lethality of this move was not as strong as the Yang Spirit Finger.
Lu Ming suddenly threw a punch to force Li De back, but Li De blocked it and countered with a straight kick.
Lu Ming was forced to retreat backward, and just as he steadied himself, he suddenly felt a tightness in his chest.
Immediately after, he felt his chest muscles go numb, making it impossible to exert any strength!
Roxin, who was watching from the side, transformed into Wang Yuyan, who was on the battlefield. She was knowledgeable and immediately explained the characteristics of the Spirit Communication Force with a single sentence.
“The Spirit Communication Force combines the fist force with spiritual pressure. As long as it hits, it can cause the spiritual pressure to erupt in the opponent’s body and suppress his strength!”
“Moreover, this suppression can perfectly penetrate most protective techniques!”
“Li De has already cultivated the Spirit Communication Force to the Perfect Realm, combined with his Spirit Realm Level Eight spiritual pressure…”
As she spoke, Wang Yuyan could not continue.
This was because another characteristic of the Spirit Communication Force was that the suppression effect it caused could only slowly dissipate through spiritual pressure. Trying to alleviate it during battle was next to impossible… and furthermore, Lu Ming had not displayed any spiritual pressure from the beginning to the end…
Lu Ming had yet to reach the Spirit Realm! He had no spiritual pressure!
Therefore, this move was very likely insurmountable for Lu Ming!
Lu Ming also vaguely realized this.
As he looked at Li De approaching rapidly, Lu Ming endured the numbness and sent out more Explosive Fist qi.
However, facing Lu Ming’s counterattack, Li De just smirked.
“It’s useless!”
The Spirit-Light Bodyguard Technique had a high intensity, and Lu Ming’s Explosive Fist could not penetrate it at all.
With the protection of the Spirit-Light Bodyguard Technique, Le De’s Spirit Communication Force could not be weakened at all and directly strike Lu Ming’s body.
Once the force entered Lu Ming’s body, it was completely beyond the control of his Explosive Fist force, relying solely on his defensive capabilities.
On the other hand, the Spirit Communication Force could ignore most body protection techniques!
“Everyone thinks that the Yang Spirit Finger is my famous ultimate skill.”
“However, they don’t know that my close combat skills are far stronger than long-range combat!”
“Kid!”
“Next, I’m going to slowly, bit by bit, pound you into minced meat!!”


CHAPTER-218
Chapter 218: Betrayal

In the Imperial City District of the Flame Clan Ruin.
On Lu Ming and Li De’s battlefield, dust and sand flew everywhere.
The clash of the two fifty-meter-tall giants caused the nearby buildings to collapse and the ground to crack.
Despite their enormous size, both of them moved unbelievably fast, agile as cats.
Moreover, it seemed that both of them had intentionally minimized the flashy exchanges and were now competing purely in terms of strength, speed, defense, and close combat skills!
When it came to unarmed combat, Lu Ming was undoubtedly a master.
Unarmed Combat Lvioo.
Without exaggeration, this level, on Earth in the past, was something that only someone like Lu Ming with a system could achieve.
However, Li De’s unarmed combat skills were not weak either.
At least in terms of pure technique, he was not inferior to Lu Ming in the slightest!
“Bang! Bang! Bang!”
Simple, nimble, yet extremely lethal punches and kicks were delivered successively by both of them.
On the relatively narrow street, the two giants swiftly exchanged blows. In a short moment, they had exchanged hundreds, if not thousands, of punches and kicks!
Until there was a loud “thud”.
Lu Ming retreated five steps, while Li De retreated three steps. The brief but intense clash had come to an end.
It was obvious at a glance who was stronger and who was weaker!
Li De’s malicious grin remained, and the radiance of the Spirit-Light Bodyguard Technique on his body had only dimmed slightly.
Lu Ming, on the other hand, had his bone armor shattered, and beneath the armor, his skin showed signs of swelling.
Even Lu Ming’s movements were noticeably slower.
In terms of punches and kicks alone, Lu Ming was not a match..
The main difference was that Lu Ming’s Source Power Armor and Explosive Fist were both of a much lower level. They were only Source Power Skills at the Mortal Realm. Even if they were cultivated to the Microscopic-level, they were still inadequate to handle a battle at the Spirit Realm level.
“Oh no!”
This thought suddenly arose in Roxin’s heart.
Li De’s strength exceeded Roxin’s imagination.
Although on the surface, Li De was only at the Spirit Realm Level Eight, his true combat performance was even stronger than most Level Nine Spirit Realm experts!
Looking at Lu Ming, who was covered in wounds, Roxin frowned.
“Mr. Lu, you must have a trump card, right? Yes, that must be the case.”
In Roxin’s impression, Lu Ming was a strange person who liked to act weak but was actually very strong. It was strange that such a person did not have more trump cards.
In the distance, at the Royal Shrine.
A Spirit Realm expert of the Divine Dao Alliance activated his ability and condensed a light screen in front of everyone. On the light screen was the battle scene between Lu Ming and Li De.
When they saw the two momentarily separate, the members of the Divine Dao Alliance breathed a sigh of relief.
“The Alliance Leader’s strength is unquestionable.”
One of them said and then looked at the pale-faced Roda and the others.
“Look, even Roda has been shocked by the Alliance Leader’s power.”
Roda was indeed shocked by Li De’s strength.
Roda was only at the sixth level of the Spirit Realm and his strength was not weak within the Hundred Thousand Mountains region.
However, this previously unheard-of Li De not only displayed Spirit Realm Level Eight power but also had a very reasonable combat style, and his Source Power Technique levels were quite high!
Roda really could not deal with Li De who had such strength.
Even if he and Uncle Lu joined forces, they would not be able to deal with him!
The worry in his heart even made Roda forget why Lu Ming was so powerful until someone outside shouted.
“Capture them!”
As soon as the voice fell, a surge of energy erupted around Roda.
Sword, saber, and fist.
Three different attacks came from three directions, and it was Uncle Lu who pushed Roda out of the attack range that he was able to escape.
However, as a result, Uncle Lu was struck by a punch and spat out blood as he fell to the side.
This scene made Roda curse.
“You f*cking…”
These three attackers were the three people in Roda’s team—one of them was Apelo.
The person who had severely injured Uncle Lu was the second Level 5 Spirit Realm expert in their team other than Uncle Lu. He looked at Roda and said slowly as he assumed a defensive posture.
“Everyone is here to seek wealth. The Divine Dao Alliance is offering more, so why should we stick with you?”
He, Apelo, and the other person chuckled, but they were not prepared to continue attacking.
Apelo looked at the others in the team and said with a smile, “Now that the outcome has been decided, that mysterious expert whose identity is unknown can’t defeat the Alliance leader, Li De. Guys, there’s really no need for us to stick to Roda. Instead, let’s work together and capture Roda; it’s our ticket to join the Divine Dao Alliance.”
The eyes of the other team members flickered.
This suggestion did make sense.
This made Roda slowly come to Uncle Lu’s side. As he took out the healing medicine, he kept a vigilant eye on everyone present.
He did not expect such a huge problem to happen to his team right under his nose.
He had to admit that regardless of strength or methods, Li De surpassed him in many ways!
Roda quietly turned back to look at Lu Ming on the screen and gritted his teeth.
“Lu Ming… If you lose, I’m finished too.”
“So, please.”
Both Roxin and Roda had placed their hopes on Lu Ming.
So, here’s the question… Does Lu Ming have any cards left?
He has plenty!
His greatest trump card was 45 Divine Source Points.
Even without using too many, adding one or two points to his attributes would be enough for Lu Ming to crush Li De into dust.
He might not even need Divine Source Points.
Lu Ming estimated that Li De would probably not be able to guard against an intermediate Void Realm.
If Lu Ming were to drag Li De into the Void Realm, when he came out, he would most likely be insane, and dealing with him would be much easier.
And yet…
Lu Ming did not want to use either of these cards!
The moment he separated from Li De, Lu Ming suddenly fell silent.
His body was extremely sore and numb.
Lu Ming felt as if he could not exert any strength in his entire body!
This feeling was terrible and Lu Ming felt extremely uncomfortable.
However, strangely, Lu Ming faintly sensed a different feeling emerging within his body.
It was a kind of activity at the cellular level.
It was like a spring compressed by an external force, ready to rebound!
A trace of enlightenment suddenly appeared in Lu Ming’s mind.
“It’s the Self-Limitation of the Body.”
“Yes, it’s the Self-Limitation of the Body.”
The Self-Limitation of the Body was Lu Ming’s first superpower.
This ability was the ultimate development and use of his physical body!
With the assistance of the Self-Limitation of the Body, Lu Ming could easily mobilize every ounce of strength in his body.
However, at this moment, Li De’s Spirit Communication Force was greatly suppressing Lu Ming’s strength.
At this moment, Lu Ming was indeed like a compressed spring.
The Spirit Communication Force was relentlessly weakening Lu Ming’s strength.
But Lu Ming’s own will told the Self-Limitation of the Body that he needed even greater strength to deal with Li De.
Both sides continued to confront each other, combined with Li De’s punches…
It was like impure steel being squeezed and tempered!
A change was occurring!
Realizing this, Lu Ming suddenly heaved a sigh of relief.
He looked at Li De and smiled.
“Shall we continue?”
Reed was momentarily stunned, then he smiled sinisterly, “You have a good mentality… But, smile? Alright! I’ll make sure you can’t smile soon!”


CHAPTER-219
Chapter 219: A New Form!

Superpowers could be advanced again.
It was similar to the kind where the Void Realm was upgraded from the beginner level to the intermediate level.
Previously, because of his personality, Lu Ming rarely fought opponents who were evenly matched.
This had its advantages as it meant that he would not be in much danger.
But it also had its drawbacks: there were some things that were destined not to be tempered!
In this battle against Li De, Lu Ming also admitted that Li De was a very strong opponent. But precisely because he was a good opponent, it allowed Lu Ming to undergo some significant refinement.
“So, it’s not entirely a good thing to just focus on improving attributes in isolation…”
Lu Ming could not help but sigh, and then he was punched in the face by Li De.
There was intense pain, followed by numbness.
He opened his eyes and, watching Li De swing his fist again, Lu Ming’s gaze became serious, with no room for other distractions.
The rematch between Lu Ming and Li De seemed, from an external perspective, no different from before.
The intense battle continued.
Gigantic fifty-meter figures.
The entire periphery of the Imperial City District had already been destroyed by the two giants.
Moreover, both of them possessed explosive and astonishing strength and speed.
A violent astral wind blew wantonly.
This was the aftermath of their clashes.
Thunderous roars echoed throughout the entire Imperial City District.
And this was merely the sonic boom generated by their collisions!
Slowly, despair rose in the eyes of Roda and Roxin.
This was because Lu Ming was indeed no match for Li De.
Roxin could barely capture the images of their battle.
However, what she saw was Lu Ming’s bone armor shattered and his entire body covered in injuries.
Roda saw even more…
Naturally, he could see the confident smile on Li De’s face and the killing intent in his eyes.
Li De was certain of his victory…
And now, his battle with Lu Ming was just an outlet for his anger and the pleasure of slaughter.
“Bang.”
Lu Ming’s heavy punch slammed into Li De’s body, but it was perfectly blocked by the Spirit-Light Protection Spell. Li De did not even need to dodge because Lu Ming’s strongest attack could not penetrate his defense system!
His defense was not broken!
Taking advantage of the fact that Lu Ming could not recover immediately after his attack, Li De unleashed a beautiful uppercut that landed squarely on Lu Ming’s chin.
There was a “crack” sound.
The bone armor on Lu Ming’s chin instantly shattered, and the Micro-Level Source Power Armor was as fragile as paper. The force of the punch continued, forcefully entering into Lu Ming’s brain.
The Spirit Communication Force suppressed Lu Ming’s physical reactions, and after entering his brain, it even vaguely confused Lu Ming’s thoughts.
His body was sent flying high, and Li De did not give Lu Ming any chance to catch his breath.
“Yang Spirit Finger! Endless Style!”
White light suddenly erupted from the tip of Li De’s finger, and countless Yang Divine Fingers instantly engulfed Lu Ming. Lu Ming defended himself by wrapping his arms around his body. However, he could not avoid being sent flying by the Yang Spirit Fingers!
It was not until his body soared uncontrollably to a height of a hundred meters that the surging Yang Spirit Fingers suddenly stopped.
Li De’s voice suddenly came from behind Lu Ming.
“Spirit Communication Force! Ghost Tiger!”
Everyone could clearly see that Lu Ming was upside down in the midst of the hundred-meter altitude in the sky, while Li De was floating behind him.
As Li De briefly accumulated strength, he punched out with both fists, and a platinum energy surged instantly!
As soon as the energy had been released, it condensed into a huge tiger head. The tiger head roared and swallowed Lu Ming whole into its stomach, and plunged down with Lu Ming!
“Boom!”
A massive mushroom cloud erupted.
Even without the remote projection, everyone in the ancestral hall could clearly see the shockwave that soared into the sky!
And Roxin, who was closest to the battlefield, had run far away earlier, but she was still blown away by the shockwave, fracturing several of her ribs.
She endured the intense pain and looked at where Lu Ming was.
But the sight that met Roxin’s eyes only made her heart sink deeper and deeper…
The Spirit Communication Force Ghost Tiger, together with Lu Ming, smashed a huge crater on the ground that was comparable to a small lake.
Lu Ming at this moment, was lying in the center of the deep pit.
His entire body was surrounded by a platinum light—this light was like an electric current, causing Lu Ming’s body to go numb and rendering him immobile!
“My Spirit Communication Force has the effect of suppressing the opponent’s physical strength.”
“And Ghost Tiger, based on the regular Spirit Communication Force, further intensifies the effect, making it stronger and faster!”
Li De who had flown above Lu Ming’s head said so.
The unwavering confidence and arrogance in his eyes were evident.
Lu Ming below could only squint his eyes. After a moment, he muttered in a low voice.
“Not enough…”
Li De’s eyes narrowed, “I beg your pardon?”
Lu Ming was about to speak when he saw Li De shake his head with a smile, “Forget it, it doesn’t matter what you say… What matters is that I’m tired of playing.”
As he spoke, he raised his hands and pointed his index fingers at Lu Ming.
“From the beginning of Yang Spirit Finger to the end of Yang Spirit Finger!”
“This move will send you to hell!”
“Yang Spirit Finger, Double Extreme Kill!”
White light suddenly appeared on Li De’s fingers.
Then, it was extreme compression!
The white light compressed until the white slowly turned into a platinum color, and the terrifying energy surged at Li De’s fingertips, brewing!
Lu Ming, who was suppressed by Ghost Tiger, could not move at all. He could only watch as the cold killing intent grew stronger and stronger!
This made Lu Ming sigh in his heart.
“What a shame,”
Unfortunately, Li De was not a good sparring partner.
His course of action could not fully align with Lu Ming’s needs.
What was even more regretful was that at this moment, his body self-limitation had not yet completed its transformation. In Lu Ming’s perception, this transformation had only progressed less than one-third….
“Well, it has to be this way.”
As he muttered in his heart, the attribute panel had already appeared in Lu Ming’s retina.
Looking at the words “Body Self-Limitation,” he then glanced at the line of words, Divine Source Points:45.
Lu Ming silently thought in his heart,
“System, Give me more points!”
As Lu Ming’s thoughts flashed, his Divine Source Points suddenly decreased from 45 to 44!
At the next instant, a vast energy surged from an unknown place within Lu Ming’s body, rushing into his brain in an instant.
Lu Ming felt his entire body tremble as immense pain surged all over his body.
He contorted and struggled, as if trying to alleviate the pain in his body by this means.
But in just the blink of an eye, the pain had already dissipated.
The light on the attribute panel suddenly flashed, and the description of the Body Self-Limitation abruptly changed.
At the same time, Li De’s Double Extreme Kill also flashed!
He vaguely sensed that something was wrong.
Because of this, even though the Double Extreme Kill had not reached its peak charge, Li De still brazenly attacked.
Two beams of light descended from the sky and instantly landed on Lu Ming. In an instant, high temperatures and intense light suddenly erupted, as if dyeing the entire world pure white.
“I’m done for…”
“Lu Ming, I’m sorry. It’s my fault that you’re in this situation.”
Roda and Roxin, who were watching the battle, slowly closed their eyes, as if mourning their fallen friend.
Meanwhile, in the Imperial City District, loud cheers erupted .
It was the members of the Divine Dao Alliance celebrating their leader’s great victory!
Yes, Li De was invincible.
At least in this Flame Clan Ruin, in the periphery of the Hundred Thousand Mountains, he was invincible!
Lu Ming, this challenger who was unknown to many people, was merely a stepping stone on Li De’s path to invincibility.
However, slowly, the cheers gradually dissipated.
This was because everyone saw that there was no trace of victorious joy on Li De’s face at all!
He was gritting his teeth and staring at the center of the crater.
A moment later, a somewhat hoarse voice sounded from Li De’s mouth.
“How could you not be dead… How could you not be dead!!”
A gentle and calm voice emanated from the bottom of the pit, answering Li De’s question.
“Because you didn’t kill me.”
“You’re strong, but not strong enough.”
“At least you weren’t strong enough to kill me..”


CHAPTER-220
Chapter 220: Origin State!

The entire Imperial City District seemed to have been muted and fell into a strange silence.
When the dust of the Double Extreme Kill had dissipated, everyone saw the man in the crater who seemed impossible to kill.
Lu Ming was still alive.
Moreover, he was not living in a sorry state.
But there was something very strange…
Lu Ming’s giant form had disappeared and the new Lu Ming that appeared before everyone was very ordinary…
He stood at three meters tall, had a very ordinary appearance, and his naked body was muscular but not remarkably so.He was three meters tall and had an ordinary appearance. His naked body was bulging with muscles. Although he was big, he was nothing special.
Beautiful muscles, a perfect physique, and a very ordinary face.
That was it.
However, the remote spectators could not sense what Li De was feeling right now.
Li De could clearly sense that this version of Lu Ming was far more dangerous than the one in his Desperate State just moments ago!
He took a deep breath, squinting at Lu Ming. After a moment, he gritted his teeth and asked, “What the hell are you?!”
This question made Lu Ming raise an eyebrow.
After thinking for a moment, he replied sincerely, “Just an ordinary person who can transform in multiple stages…”
With that said, Lu Ming clenched his fists slightly, as if he wanted to feel the power of his new form.
However, to Lu Ming’s surprise, he did not sense any increase in his strength from this new form…
It was essentially equivalent to the Desperate State.
This made Lu Ming frown slightly and he opened the system.
The words on the attribute panel caught his eyes.
Body Self-Limitation: You possess an almost perfect body! This superpower allows you to effortlessly mobilize every trace of energy in your body!
Awakening the Body Self-Limitation will grant you the following four different body forms!
First: Self-Limitation State.
Second: Normal state.
Third: Explosive State.
Fourth: Desperate State.
Fifth: Origin State: This form has already departed from the normal bodily form! In this form, your physical body will not change at all. Your physical qualities are only equivalent to the Desperate State!
However, in this form, your ability to control Source Power is greatly enhanced. Under this form, your control over Source Power approaches infinity, similar to the Source Realm! If you reach the Source Realm, this form will also significantly enhance your control over Source Power!”
“Please note that if you activate this form in the Source Realm, your body will endure tremendous pressure, and if you maintain this form for too long, you may face permanent attribute penalties.”
The new form was called the Origin State.
It would not increase Lu Ming’s physical attributes. It only strengthened Lu Ming’s control over Source Power.
Lu Ming squinted his eyes, starting to understand.
“In the first four states under Body Self-Limitation, the improvements are all in physical attributes.”
“However, this new Origin State doesn’t increase one’s physical attributes, but it enhances one’s control of Source Power.”
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming nodded in understanding.
“Indeed, what Body Self-Limitation has given me is not just control over the body but also control over energy.”
This could be seen from the general description of Body Self-Limitation.
“After entering the fifth state, Body Self-Limitation has shifted from simply improving physical qualities to enhancing control over energy. 1 can’t assess the advantages and disadvantages of this change for now.”
“But it’s ultimately a good thing…”
With this in mind, Lu Ming had another question.
“So, how strong is ‘approaching infinity’ in Source Realm?”
Conveniently, there was a reasonably good test subject right in front of him.
He looked up at Li De, who was also gazing at Lu Ming.
Therefore, Li De sensed danger… and eagerness in Lu Ming’s eyes.
This made Li De take a deep breath and the Double Extreme Kill began to brew again!
Both sides had already gotten into a serious fight, and Li De could not stop now.
Moreover, even though he did not understand the changes happening to Lu Ming’s body, he had just crushed Lu Ming moments ago, there was no reason to turn and run now.
Whether he was strong or weak, they would only know after fighting!
“Boom!”
The light of the Double Extreme Kill erupted again and shot towards Lu Ming.
However, this time, Lu Ming did not move.
He just stared at the light of the Double Extreme Kill and the energy fluctuation on his body flashed.
One could see that before the Double Extreme Kill even reached Lu Ming, it rapidly melted as quickly as the first snow meeting the warm sun, and disappeared without a trace.
This scene made Li De exclaim in astonishment, “Source Realm power! How can it be Source Realm power!!”
Source Realm, the realm of Source Energy!
The characteristic of the Spirit Realm was spiritual pressure. The characteristic of the Source Realm was absolute control of Source Power!
In the Black Mist Zone, everything relied on Source Power as the foundation.
Source Power Skills, the physique of an expert, and even what seemed like innate superpowers, were all closely related to Source Power.
All of this was closely related to Source Power.
And the most significant feature of a Source Realm expert was absolute control over Source Power—In other words, when a Spirit Realm faced a Source Realm, it was like an ordinary person facing a Source Realm, essentially powerless!
Li De turned around and wanted to run.
However, he suddenly felt a tightness around his ankle.
Lowering his head, he saw Lu Ming’s arm extending and transforming into something like a rope, tightly wrapping around his ankle.
The Origin State still retained the physical transformation ability of the Desperate State.
The two collided.
A sudden realization struck Lu Ming.
“So, this is the Origin State…”
“This is the Source Realm.”
He vaguely sensed the essence of Source Realm Power.
At the same time, he discovered the true horror of the Origin State!
“Hiss!!”
A sound, like air escaping, suddenly came from within Li De.
Countless streams of Source Power shot out from every pore on Li De’s body!
The dazzling and colorful light made Li De’s entire body appear radiant, but hidden beneath this splendor was true terror and despair!
The path of every superhuman was essentially the same—that was to fuse their cells with their source power and step onto the path of superhumans.
This had been the case since the first level of the Mortal Realm.
As for the Source Realm, one could perfectly control Source Power—this range of control included, but was not limited to, the Source Power in the opponent’s body!
What would happen if the Source Power in his body was drained?
The answer was crystal clear.
Li De let out a desperate roar.
However, in the blink of an eye, his body had already shriveled.
The massive loss of Source Power caused Li De’s strength to rapidly decline!
From Spirit Realm Level 8 to Level 7, then to Level 6, Level 5…
In just a second, Li De had already fallen out of the Spirit Realm to the Physique Realm!
Killing a Spirit Realm with Source Realm power was like slaughtering a chicken!
Even Lu Ming, who was infinitely close to the Source Realm, was just a “Source Realm.”
It was also when Li De regressed to level nine of the Physique Realm that Lu Ming changed his approach once again.
He manipulated a large amount of Source Power and forcefully poured it into Li De’s body.
The outcome of the violent infusion of Source Power had already been mentioned several times before.
A loud “bang” rang out.
Li De exploded on the spot, leaving nothing behind.
After all, he was not like Lu Ming, whose body had been modified by the system..


CHAPTER-221
Chapter 221: Personal Grudges

Everything happened too quickly.
From Lu Ming being brutally beaten up to Li De exploding on the spot, it did not take more than a dozen seconds.
When everything calmed down, the abrupt gasps caught Lu Ming’s attention.
Turning around to look at the source of the sound, he saw Roxin sitting on the ground, her face filled with astonishment.
She was shocked by Lu Ming’s strength…
How did he quietly become a Source Realm powerhouse?
Could it be that Brother Lu Ming had always been a mysterious Source Realm expert?
The glow in her eyes grew richer.
A brewing emotion of admiration was subtly taking shape.
In the other direction, at the royal ancestral hall.
As the dust settled from Lu Ming and Li De’s battle, this place fell into a deathly silence.
The members of the Divine Dao Alliance looked at each other, not knowing what expression to make.
The traitors in the ancestral hall also stared wide-eyed at each other, unable to recover their senses for a long time.
It was not until Lu Ming, who had returned to his Self-Limitation State in the distance, flew back quickly that there was sound in this place.
“Spare me!”
“Lord, please spare my life!”
It was necessary to beg for mercy.
A group of Spirit Realm experts from the Divine Dao Alliance knelt down in front of Lu Ming immediately, tears streaming down their faces, without a trace of the dignity of Spirit Realm experts….
However, it made sense. He still had to compare cards.
Roda, supporting Uncle Lu, slowly walked out of the ancestral hall.
Looking at Lu Ming flying in the sky, Roda’s expression was ugly, and his eyes were filled with disbelief.
He knew very well that when he first met Lu Ming some time ago, Lu Ming’s strength was definitely only around the Physique Realm Level 3 or 4, no higher!
Spiritual pressure was something Lu Ming did not have at that time.
And control over Source Power was not something that Lu Ming possessed.
How had Lu Ming changed like this in just a few days of his own absence?
The huge doubt in his heart made Roda involuntarily say, “Lu Ming, you…”
However, when he was about to speak, Roda swallowed the question he wanted to ask.
Because it was meaningless…
Roda, who was born into a major clan, was well aware of one thing—this world had many secrets, and many people carried secrets. Delving too deeply would not only fail to provide clarity but also potentially cause relationships that had been painstakingly built to collapse instantly and turn friends into enemies.
And Lu Ming, who had demonstrated the power of the Source Realm, was already qualified to safeguard the secrets on him.
“After all, that’s the Source Realm…”
Even in the current era of a large clan like the Aeonians, Source Realm experts were more than enough to establish dominance in an area. Simply put, they were local overlords, as long as they didn’t commit major taboos, they could do whatever they wanted.
In any case, at this moment, Roda’s mind was in chaos, filled with the joy of surviving a disaster and the shock at Lu Ming’s strength.
Perhaps even he himself did not know what he was thinking at this moment and what he wanted to say to Lu Ming.
Until the commotion suddenly quietened down.
Then, Lu Ming made a move.
In the sky, Lu Ming’s body trembled, and countless explosive fist forces surged out, enveloping him.
Looking at the people of the Divine Dao Alliance kneeling below, Lu Ming spoke calmly.
“The evil leader of the Divine Dao Alliance has been eliminated.”
As soon as he said this, the Spirit Realm experts of the Divine Dao Alliance immediately heaved a sigh of relief.
“However… just because the chief evil has been eliminated doesn’t mean that you don’t have sins anymore.”
With that said, the explosive fist force around Lu Ming began howling and rushing downwards!
Sounds of “Pfft, pfft, pfft” continued to echo, accompanied by endless screams.
This made Lu Ming narrow his eyes slightly and he could not help but sigh softly.
He was not a bloodthirsty person to begin with.
Logically speaking, since Li De was already dead, the lives or deaths of the others did not seem that important.
“But one has to pay the price for making a mistake.”
“Can this group of bandits erase the evil deeds they have done just because their leader is dead?”
“They can’t!”
He turned around and looked towards where Roda was.
A familiar figure entered Lu Ming’s eyes.
His figure instantly shot out and arrived beside Roda in the blink of an eye. Before Roda could greet Lu Ming, Lu Ming had already reached out his hand, pressing it firmly against the chest of one of the individuals.
The explosive punches were instantly unleashed, and a terrifying power surged into this person’s heart.
With a “pop”,
the chest of the Black Feather Tribe member named Apelo instantly exploded and he fell to the ground without a word…
Turning to look at the somewhat frightened Roda, Lu Ming smiled again and said, “This is a personal grudge, don’t be nervous.”
The Black Feather Tribe was Lu Ming’s old enemy.
Lu Ming remembered that when he first entered the Back Mist Zone, the first major enemies he encountered were these Black Feather Tribe members.
They were the ones who forced Lu Ming to advance forcibly. Although in hindsight, they did not cause much trouble for Lu Ming, a grudge had indeed been formed.
Back then, Lu Ming had sworn that if he met the Black Feather Tribe in the future, he would kill anyone he saw. At this moment, killing Apelo with a slap was simply fulfilling his own oath.
As for whether Roda would have any thoughts… this was not within Lu Ming’s consideration.
Roda did not have any thoughts.
This Apelo, who had betrayed them first, was not worth mourning for.
He just looked at Lu Ming. After a moment, he bowed deeply to Lu Ming and said, “Thank you.”
Lu Ming smiled and said, “It’s nothing between friends. There’s no need to be so formal.”
With that, Roda remained silent.
Lu Ming’s transformation was too significant. At this moment, Roda did not know how to interact with Lu Ming.
In the distance, the explosive fist force completely dissipated.
The Spirit Realm experts of the Divine Dao Alliance were almost wiped out, with only two survivors lying on the ground, gasping for breath.
Seeing this, Lu Ming walked over. One of the two survivors, upon noticing Lu Ming’s approach, showed despair in his eyes and struggled to crawl away, trying to get as far from Lu Ming as possible.
The other person, however, heaved a sigh of relief. He quickly stood up and knelt in front of Lu Ming.
“Thank you, Lord, for sparing our lives!”
Lu Ming nodded slightly, “You do have some brains.”
In other words, Lu Ming had no interest in flaunting his power in front of these weaker individuals.
A single explosive punch could either spare their lives or take them.
After one move, all debts were settled, and there was no need for Lu Ming to go for the kill.
As if he suddenly thought of something, Lu Ming spoke to the kneeling survivor, “What’s your name?”
This person immediately replied respectfully, “My name is Quan Chao. I’m from the Firestone Tribe.”
The Firestone Tribe members were naturally tall with rough skin covered in dark red patterns.
They were born with immense strength and exceptional defense. Perhaps it was due to their racial talents that he could survive Lu Ming’s reckoning with just Spirit Realm Level 3 strength.
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming said, “Do you know where the treasure vault of the Divine Dao Alliance is?”
Quan Chao quickly nodded,
“I know.”
“Take me there.”
The Divine Dao Alliance had occupied the Flame Clan Ruin for so long, so their gains were obvious.
They had collected all the treasures they found and stored them in Li De’s residence—with Li De guarding, the treasures were naturally safe.
Now, these treasures were going to benefit Lu Ming.
Quan Chao led the way and soon, the group arrived at a residence in the inner city.
There were still Divine Dao Alliance members stationed outside the house.
These subordinates were unaware of the recent battle, as it had taken place in the Imperial City District. They were oblivious to the fact that the entire Divine Dao Alliance had been crushed by Lu Ming alone.
Without needing Lu Ming to say anything, Quan Chao had already gone forward to disperse these Physique Realm and Mortal Realm warriors. He brought Lu Ming all the way to the interior of the residence and stopped in front of a room.
“Li De placed everything of value in there..”


CHAPTER-222
Chapter 222: Speculation

There was a simple restriction in the treasure vault, the effect of which was to send an alert to Li De when attacked by outsiders.
Now that Li De was dead, this thing was naturally useless.
After casually breaking the restriction, Lu Ming brought Roda, Roxin, and Quan Chao into the house and saw a dazzling array of objects inside.
The house was relatively spacious, with about a dozen wooden shelves neatly arranged.
On the wooden shelves were various items, including materials for spiritual treasures, ancient weapons, and Source Power Skill Sealing Balls.
Lu Ming only recognized the Source Power Sealing Balls, and for other things, they were unfamiliar and he had no idea what they were or their value.
“This is the Spirit Calling Grass, the main ingredient for making Spirit Creek elixirs.”
Standing in front of a pale blue grass, Lu Ming was puzzled, and Roxin’s voice came from beside him.
He turned to look at Luo Xin and saw her smile shyly.
Roda’s voice sounded in his ears again.
“My sister may not have extraordinary talent, and her determination may not be enough, but she’s the best at reading books in her spare time. She can recognize many source power skills and spirit treasure materials at a glance.”
With that said, Roda added, “Why not let my sister show ATr. Lu around this treasure vault?”
The appearance of the Aeonians and humans was very similar, and their aesthetic standards were probably not far off and there should be no reproductive isolation.
Roxin’s looks and figure were top-notch. Although Lu Ming’s facial features were ordinary, his physique was excellent. More importantly, his strength was outrageously strong!
If they were to pair up…
Roda’s thoughts were clear to everyone.
But as a captive, he could not say anything.
Lu Ming did not care about Roda and Roxin’s thoughts. He had seen such things many times before.
All he could say was that when a man excelled, women would flock to him.
Chase after them? I’m sorry, I don’t even want those who took the initiative! Women will only slow down my attribute farming speed!
He nodded slightly,”Alright, then. I’ll have to trouble Roxin.”
“This is Flame Iron, the main material for refining Spirit Realm weapons. Weapons refined from Flame Iron can enhance the power of flame-type Source Power Skill. The armor refined from it is extremely resistant to flame-type attacks.”
“This is the Ice Spirit Bead, no need for refinement. Just by wearing it, it can calm the mind and improve concentration. It’s very helpful for cultivating Source Power Skills.”
“This is Body Forging Ointment. The crafting technique has been lost. By applying it, it can stimulate the body’s potential and strengthen the physique, allowing Mortal Realm superhumans to quickly reach the Physique Realm. However, it has no effect on those above the Physique Realm.”
Roxin was indeed knowledgeable.
There were indeed a lot of miscellaneous items in the treasure vault.
During this time, Lu Ming found some things that he could not use, but Chengcheng, Wei Lan and the others could use—for example, Body Forging Ointment, which he planned to bring back to the Southern Mountain.
As for the rest, they were not of much use to Lu Ming.
The key was still the Source Power Skills.
Lu Ming currently had a significant gap in Source Power Skills.
Roxin seemed to have a way of identifying what Source Power Skill was sealed inside the sealing balls.
She picked up a Source Power Skill Sealing Ball and closed her eyes to sense for a long time before saying,
“Physical Realm Source Power Skill, Thunder Technique, a Source Power Skill that combines movement and attack into one Source Power Skill, the remaining cultivation attempts, once.”
“Physique Realm Source Power Skill, Flame Body Forging Technique, the remaining of cultivation attempts, twice.”
“Spirit Realm Source Power Skill, Fire Sacrifice Sword, remaining cultivation attempts: three.”
This saved Lu Ming a lot of effort.
After some thought, Lu Ming interrupted Roxin’s appraisal and said, “1 need all the Source Power Skills above the Physique Realm. The focus is on Fist techniques, Sword techniques, Body Protection Spell, Body Forging techniques, and Breathing techniques.”
Fist techniques and sword techniques were Lu Ming’s main means of attacks. The Body Protection Spell focused on defense, and the Body Forging technique was for farming attributes.
The Breathing technique had to be upgraded too. The speed at which the Basic Breathing Technique advanced was too slow—even for Lu Ming.
Through his battle with Li De, Lu Ming also gained some insights.
While level and physical strength were important, the impact of Source Power Skills on combat could not be underestimated.
In fact, there was no significant difference in physical strength between Lu Ming and Li De – Li De was slightly stronger, but not by much.
The reason why Lu Ming could beat Li De lay in the strength of their Source Power Skills.
When Roxin heard this, she immediately nodded, “1’11 help Brother Lu find it.”
After waiting for about three hours, Roxin came to Lu Ming with a large pile of source power sealing balls.
“These are what you want, Brother Lu.”
With that said, Roxin also pointed to the notes attached to the Source Power Sealing Balls, “These are instructions 1 made, I hope they can help Brother Lu.” She smiled sweetly, and Lu Ming smiled back.
“Thank you.”
Then he picked up the Source Power Skill Sealing Balls and looked at them one by one.
Soon, Lu Ming had scanned through them roughly.
Putting down the Source Power Skill Sealing Balls, Lu Ming took a deep breath and revealed a happy expression.
“I’ve made a killing this time!”
Source Power Skills and Dao Protection Techniques.
The importance of this thing was self-evident!
Compared to treasures, elixirs, weapons, and other external objects, the Source Power Skills were genuinely one’s own power. Superhumans who pursued a little bit usually looked down on external objects and focused on levels and Source Power Skills.
Therefore, correspondingly, Source Power Skills were also the primary target of explorers when exploring ruins – with a priority higher than that of spiritual objects, medicine, and weapons.
The big focus in this treasure vault was also the Source Power Skill Sealing Balls.
The number of Source Power Sealing Balls could be imagined.
After Roxin identified them, more than half of the Source Power Skills in the treasure vault were moved to Lu Ming—there were more than a thousand in total!
Moreover, these more than 1,000 Source Power Skill Sealing Balls all met Lu Ming’s requirements!
It should be noted that Lu Ming’s requirements were quite broad… He wanted all other Source Power Skills except for the Mortal Realm Source Power Skills, which were not worth being included in this treasure vault.
After another screening, Lu Ming nodded gently.
“I shouldn’t have to worry about Source Power Skills for the time being…”
The Source Power Skills placed in front of Lu Ming included 896 Physique Realm, 125 Spirit Realm, 34. Source Realm, and 1 Ancient Realm!
Body Protection techniques, Body Forging techniques, and Breathing techniques occupied one-third of it. The remaining two-thirds were mostly Fist techniques and Sword techniques.
There was also a small portion of special function secret techniques.
Without a doubt, with so many Source Power Skills, Lu Ming could not possibly practice them all.
He could only choose the best ones.
Leaning against the small mountain of Source Power Sealing Balls, Lu Ming slowly closed his eyes and considered carefully.
“I’ve advanced from the Mortal realm to the Physique Realm, and the system has undergone an upgrade.”
“After that upgrade, my personal data was compressed, and 1 could no longer gain attribute points from Mortal Realm Source Power Skills.”
“However, the Physique Realm Source Power Skills I previously mastered were not affected. But the attribute points obtained after the upgrade will definitely undergo changes.”
This change was trending towards an increase.
This also meant that Lu Ming obtained more attributes when cultivating a Physique Realm Source Power Skill at the Physique Realm than when he cultivated a Physique Realm Source Power Skill at the Mortal Realm.
“So, can I judge the situation this way?”
“The system wants me to cultivate the corresponding level of Source Power Skill at a certain stage..”


CHAPTER-223
Chapter 223: Organizing and Learning

The more Lu Ming thought about it, the more he felt that this possibility was quite likely.
He thought of the hint given by the system when it transformed.
Note: However, please remember that your efforts will never be in vain! If you cultivate a Mortal Realm Source Power Skill to its extreme, you may receive unexpected and significant results and rewards!
Lu Ming still vividly remembered this sentence.
“Therefore, I shouldn’t just pursue advanced Source Power Skills. 1 should cultivate more Source Power Skills at my current level… The power of Mortal Realm Source Power Skills is also very considerable when cultivated to the Micro-Level Realm.”
The Source Power Armor and Explosive Fist did not have much effect when he was in the battle with Li De in battle. But that was because Li De was too strong and a little out of the ordinary.
Against normal Level 8 Spirit Realm experts, Lu Ming could handle them with Micro-Level Source Power Armor and Explosive Fist just fine.
“Moreover, now that I have the Origin State, I’m invincible below the Source Realm. When I encounter Source Realm experts, no matter how advanced their Source Power Skills are, they probably won’t be a match.. Therefore, my need for high-level Source Power Skills is not very urgent. 1 have time to cultivate the Explosive Fist and the Source Power Armor to a higher level to see what unexpected gains 1 can obtain.”
Having finished this line of thought, Lu Ming made up his mind.
“1’11 continue cultivating the Source Power Armor and Explosive Fist for now and consider other things after leveling up.”
However, Lu Ming indeed had to find new Breathing techniques and Body Forging techniques.
The Basic Breathing Technique was too ordinary, and its proficiency increased at an absurdly slow rate. Lu Ming’s need for it was not that urgent either, so he decided to directly switch to a Physique Realm Breathing Technique.
Soon, Lu Ming found what he needed.
Flame Vein Breathing Technique (Beginner) (o/ioo): Physique Realm Breathing Technique. Regular practice of this technique enhances the power of the practitioner’s Flame-attribute Source Power Skill.
The same applied to the Body Forging Technique—the Knight Body Forging Technique could not further strengthen Lu Ming’s Physique Realm body.
Lu Ming could not afford to spend too much time cultivating the Knight Body Forging Technique to its maximum level.
This thing was different from the Explosive Fist and the Source Power Armor. The cultivation of the Body Forging Technique was too time-consuming.
Flame Fire Body Forging Technique (Beginner) (o/ioo): Physique Realm Body Forging Technique. This secret technique requires the assistance of Flame Fire Stones during cultivation. Only when the power of flame enters the body can one temper their physique!
You have mastered the initial stage of the Flame Fire Body Forging Technique. At the Beginner level, each cycle will increase your three-dimensional attributes by 1 point and grant you 1 free attribute point. It also consumes one unit of Flame Fire Stone.
The trouble with Body Forging Art was that it required additional materials, starting from the Body Realm onwards, as a prerequisite for cultivation.
Lu Ming weighed his options and chose Flame Fire Body Forging Technique because there was no Physique Realm Body Forging Technique that did not consume additional materials.
As for the essential item of the Flame Fire Body Forging Technique, the Flame Fire Stone, was relatively common.
This item was not only commonly found in the ruins of the Flame Clan, but also outside; it was not particularly rare, and as long as you had the money, it was practically unlimited.
“That’s all for now.”
After finding the Breathing and Body Forging techniques, Lu Ming stopped thinking too much about Source Power Skills.
He picked up a few large bags and packed away the remaining source power skills. Then, he thought for a moment and sought out Roda and Roxin..
“I want to explore King Lin’s inheritance.”
Lu Ming spoke.
Lu Ming felt that this trip to the ruins was relatively fulfilling.
The Void Realm had leveled up.
He had also obtained a large number of Divine Source Points—this could be considered his greatest gain from this trip.
He had also obtained over a thousand Source Power Skills. At least until the Ancient Realm, Lu Ming did not have to worry about source power skills.
The only thing left was the quasi-divine level inheritance promised by Roxin: the King Lin’s inheritance.
Roda seemed to have learned about this from Roxin.
Now, when Lu Ming mentioned it, Roda showed no reluctance or hesitation.
If not for Lu Ming, he, Luo Da, would have long been killed by Li De. so Roda knew very well which was more important between life and inheritance.
“I was going to look for you too, Brother Lu… Shall we set off now?”
Lu Ming nodded.
“Alright, let’s set off now.”
Carrying their bags and packages, Lu Ming set off with Roda and Roxin.
The three of them went directly to the Imperial City District and stopped in front of a mansion near the Imperial Palace.
Standing at the entrance of the mansion, Roda spoke softly.
“This used to be King Lin’s residence. According to the records I’ve seen, after the chaos of the three kings, King Lin was severely injured. Before he died, he returned to this mansion and was never heard from again.”
“The book provided such a speculation: King Lin died in his residence and there’s a high probability that he left behind an inheritance in the place where he died.”
As soon as Roda finished speaking Roxin continued.
“The book also speculated about the place where King Lin died.”
“One possibility is King Lin’s bedroom.”
“The second is the ancestral hall of King Lin’s lineage.”
“The Third is a secret underground palace built by King Lin—it’s similar to the underground martial arts hall we used to live in.”
For some reason, this King Lin liked to build secret underground chambers.
Perhaps this was just one of King Lin’s hobbies…
Of course, Lu Ming did not care much about hobbies. He just asked, “Is it dangerous inside?”
Roda shook his head and said, “There’s almost no danger.”
“Because time is the ultimate weapon. As time passes, even the most dangerous things become less so…”
Lu Ming nodded in understanding.
Just like the restrictions in Flame City… In the past, the Flame Clan was a large clan with seven gods in the clan! The restrictions in Flame City were not made by the Jing God, but were created by Ancient Realm experts!
For a restriction of this level to be broken by a mere few dozens of Spirit Realms… it was probably just because they had not been maintained for a long time, so their power had diminished.
Perhaps to confirm his words, Roda took the lead and entered the mansion.
Lu Ming and Roxin followed closely behind.
Roda, who was in the lead, was walking very slowly.
He deliberately kept a considerable distance from Lu Ming and Roxin.
On one hand, he was cautious, and on the other hand, he wanted to give his sister some time and an opportunity.
It was obvious that Roxin had an interest in Lu Ming.
At this moment, Roda was deliberately walking ahead, perhaps to let them have some private time together.
So, not long after, Roxin began to speak to Lu Ming.
“By the way, Brother Lu, do you like historical stories?”
Hearing Roxin’s question, Lu Ming thought for a moment and nodded, saying, “I like it very much.”
Before the apocalypse, Lu Ming was quite fond of historical stories. As the saying went, studying history can help us understand the rise and fall of civilizations.
Reading history and stories can teach one a lot.
Roxin immediately smiled and said, “Then Brother Lu, do you know the history of the Flame Clan?”
Lu Ming shook his head, “I don’t know about that.”
After saying that, he glanced at Roxin, whose eyes were shining with eagerness. Lu Ming thought for a moment and decided not to dampen this girl’s enthusiasm.
“Why? Do you know?”
Roxin smiled and said, “I just know a little.”
“My brother has been planning to obtain King Lin’s inheritance for a long time. So, we collected many ancient books about the Flame Clan in Archean City. I remember the contents very clearly.”
As Lu Ming engaged in conversation, Roxin’s voice flowed like a gentle stream that could not seem to stop..


CHAPTER-224
Chapter 224: The Flame Clan Story

“After the seven gods of the Flame Clan were defeated, the entire Flame Clan retreated into this ruin.”
“Anything before this period has been documented elsewhere, so there’s no need to go into detail.”
“What my brother and 1 are focused on searching for is the history of the Flame Clan from the time of the fall of the Jing God to the complete destruction of the Flame Clan.”
“The information we obtained was basically passed down from the records of the survivors of the Flame Clan, so it’s quite reliable.”
As the three of them continued to walk slowly, Roxin narrated her story.
Roda, who was leading the way, could not help but feel a bit exasperated….
He had created an opportunity for his sister, but in the end, she was telling historical stories.
But then again, what else could Roxin talk about?
It was her area of expertise.
Lu Ming, on the other hand, looked genuinely interested – not pretending, but genuinely interested.
He really knew very little about the history of the Black Mist Zone, and learning more historical stories would deepen his understanding of the region – something he was open to.
Roxin continued,
“During the early years of the Jing God’s slumber, life for the members of the Flame Clan here was quite peaceful.”
They had an abundance of resources, a modest population, and no pressure for survival. This place was like a paradise for the Flame Clan.
“Unfortunately, this ruin is too small…”
“Small?” Lu Ming raised an eyebrow and Roxin said, “From our perspective, this ruin isn’t small at all, but from the perspective of Ancient Realm experts, it’s truly tiny.”
The mobility of experts would naturally be stronger. To Ancient Realm experts, this place was probably a small cage.
When ferocious beasts were being trapped in a cage for a long time, problems naturally arose.
“At that time, apart from the extinction of the gods, the overall strength of the Flame Clan did not suffer much damage.”
“There were four quasi divine-level experts: the Three Kings and the current Flame Emperor, not to mention the Ancient Realm experts below the quasi-divine level. In total, there were about a hundred Ancient Realm experts in the Flame Clan at that time.”
More than a hundred Ancient Realm experts were trapped in this ruin… Roxin’s use of the word “small” was not an exaggeration.
Soon, the three of them came to King Lin’s bedroom.
Roda entered and searched briefly. When he came out, he shook his head at Lu Ming and Roxin.
“Not here.”
The three of them continued to walk to the next location.
Luo Xin added.
“In the first thousand years, perhaps because of the Jing God’s legacy, this place could still maintain peace. The Flame clan reproduced and the population gradually increased.”
“A thousand years later, as the population of the Flame Clan increased, the higher-ups of the Flame Clan quickly discovered a problem… No one in the new generation of the Flame Clan could break through to the Ancient Realm.”
Lu Ming could not help but ask, “Why was that?”
In front of him, Roda turned around and interrupted, “It’s because there’s not enough source power. It’s also because the advancement of the Ancient Realm requires more life-and-death combat experience.”
Roxin explained in detail, “As 1 mentioned earlier, at that time, there were about a hundred Ancient Realm experts in the Flame Clan. Even if they didn’t practice, just maintaining their strength would consume an astronomical amount of source power. This ruin could absorb source power from the outside, but its capacity was limited, and supplying a hundred Ancient Realm experts was already its limit.”
“More importantly, advancing from the Source Realm to the Ancient Realm indeed required life-and-death trials. There were no external enemies here for the Flame Clansmen, so there were no opportunities for such trials.”
“In summary, the Flame Clan’s high-level power was aging, and the new generation of strong individuals couldn’t fill the gap.”
“Over time, the Flame Clan was likely to lose its Ancient Realm experts, leading to a significant decline in the overall strength of the clan.”
At this point, Roxin paused for a moment before continuing, “The event that led to the Flame Clan’s demise, the Three Kings’ Rebellion, occurred against this backdrop.”
“At that time, the ancient three kings were the Black King, the Green King, and King Lin. The Black King and King Ling were over 5,000 years old, nearing the end of their Ancient Realm limits. Although the Green King was young, he was still more than 4,000 years old. As for the current Flame Emperor, he was even close to passing away.”
“The three kings realized that all the quasi-divine experts of the Flame Clan were about to exhaust their lifespan, but a gap has appeared in the new generation of experts.”
“So, they secretly met with the Flame Emperor, hoping to open the Flame Clan’s ruin and return to the Black Mist Zone.”
After Roxin finished speaking, the three of them had already arrived at the ancestral hall of King Lin’s family.
Luo Da entered the ancestral hall.
After the restriction light flickered briefly, Roda came out of the door in a sorry state.
He shook his head and said, “It’s not here either.”
With that said, he formed a strange symbol with both hands. A faint light radiated from his eyes, scanning the surroundings.
Seeing this, Roxin explained, “This is a secret technique Brother learned from a book. This technique can help us uncover the hidden secret places of the Flame Clan.”
Lu Ming nodded in understanding.
Not long after, Roda led the way into the garden. Beside Lu Ming, Roxin spoke again.
“In the secret meeting, the negotiation between the three kings and the Flame Emperor collapsed.”
“Not long after that conversation, internal strife completely erupted in the Flame Clan. This matter directly led to the complete extinction of the Flame Clan.”
“However, according to the records in the books my brother and I read, no one has revealed the discussion between the three kings and the Flame Emperor during that secret meeting. The most detailed record is only four words: ‘Their opinions are contradictory’.”
With that said, Roxin said in a relaxed tone, “I guess that the three kings might want to bring the Flame Clan members out of this ruin and return to the outside world, but the Flame Emperor is unwilling.”
“But, Brother Lu, think about it. It’s only been a thousand years, and the gods are immortal. The enemies of the Flame Clan certainly haven’t forgotten about the Flame Clan. If they were to take away their people, the Flame Clan would surely face retaliation.”
Lu Ming nodded slightly and agreed with Roxin.
On the other hand, Roxin pinched her chin in frustration and said, “But to keep staying in this ruin is not a solution either. The experts are gradually dying, and since they’re in the ruin, it’s impossible for them to participate in the Heaven Ascension Stairs, nor can they give birth to new gods. In any case, it seems there’s no hope inside the ruin…”
As she spoke, she rubbed her hair in distress, “Sigh, this kind of thing seems really difficult to solve.”
Roxin’s current demeanor made Lu Ming smile, “Well, it’s the Flame Clan’s problem. What does it have to do with us?”
After Roxin saw this, she immediately muttered, “Immersion! Brother Lu, this is called immersion! When researching historical matters, immersion is the most crucial aspect.”
Lu Ming nodded in agreement, “However, there’s another question. 1 believe that merely deciding whether to leave the relic or not shouldn’t lead to a conflict between the Flame Emperor and the Three Kings, resulting in the complete annihilation of the Flame Clan.”
If he were in the situation of the Flame Clan at that time, deciding whether or not to leave the ruin was undoubtedly a significant matter, one that concerned the future of the clan.
However, it was not a serious problem. It should not have led to the total destruction of the entire Flame Clan…
Roxin smiled and said, “That’s why 1 told you long ago that this is just a historical story. Compared to what’s written in the books, I think the ‘power struggle’ narrative makes more sense.”
“The three kings wanted to overthrow the Flame Emperor’s rule, causing internal strife in the Flame Clan, which ultimately led to the clan’s extinction. When you hear this logic, doesn’t it sound much more reasonable?”
Lu Ming nodded, “At least it’s much more logical than fighting to the death and annihilating the clan just to decide whether or not to leave the ruin.”
Roxin continued, “But my brother and 1 found more than a dozen rare books, and none of them were written like this… One of the books even mentioned that the three kings had an excellent relationship with the Flame Emperor and had no desire to contend for the throne.”
As Roxin finished her sentence, Roda in front suddenly spoke up.
“I found it. It’s right here..”


CHAPTER-225
Chapter 225: He’s Crazy

As Roda spoke, Lu Ming and Roxin stopped their conversation and looked in the direction of Roda.
They could see in the garden that as Roda pushed aside some rockeries with great effort, the prohibition light continuously flickered beneath it. However, as the light faded, a pitch-black hole appeared in front of the three.
Lu Ming,”???”
Roda,
Roxin,
This King Lin really liked rockeries and holes.
Without commenting on King Lin’s eccentricities, the three proceeded further inside, with Roda leading the way.
After traversing winding and twisting tunnels, they arrived in a spacious underground chamber.
What lay before them was an exquisite underground palace!
While the palace was not particularly large in scale, its decorations and furnishings were extremely luxurious. Upon closer inspection, one could discern the distinctive style of the Flame Clan’s royal family.
Roda chuckled and said, “So, it seems that the notion of ‘differing opinions’ was likely a false pretext, and the real intent was rebellion.”
Obviously, the casual chat between Roxin and Lu Ming earlier had not escaped Roda’s ears.
However, Roxin shook her head and said, “King Lin is, after all, a member of the Flame Clan’s royal family. Given his status, constructing a palace of this caliber doesn’t constitute overstepping.”
Roda shrugged and remained silent. He was not as knowledgeable in this area as Roxin.
But they continued to advance, with Roda leading the way to the palace’s main hall.
Be it the layout of the entire underground palace or the architectural style, it was completely similar to the Flame Clan’s imperial palace. The only difference was in the size.
It was as if the Flame Clan’s palace had shrunk dozens of times.
Therefore, although it was only Roda’s first time here, he did not feel unfamiliar.
“If King Lin really left an inheritance here, there’s a high chance that it’s in these two locations.”
“The first is the main hall of the palace, which is also the meeting hall.”
“The second is the ancestral hall.”
According to the layout of the Flame Clan’s palace, the main hall was at the front and the ancestral hall was behind.
Roda led the way and they continued to advance to the palace’s main hall.
However, as they progressed, the furrows on their brows deepened…
At some point, Lu Ming suddenly spoke.
“Have you all seen such a thing in the Flame Clan’s imperial palace?”
Lu Ming asked this while casually kicking the filthy substance beneath his feet.
It was a viscous fungal blanket, soft and squishy when stepped on, resembling rotting flesh or gelatinous matter.
Stepping on it felt disgusting, somewhat akin to the fungal blankets he had seen around the Mother Tree.
When they looked around, they could see this repulsive substance almost everywhere.
It covered the ground and even clung to the corners and eaves of the buildings, resembling large dark-red spiderwebs.
Roda frowned and shook his head and said, “There’s nothing like this in the palace… at least not in the real Flame Clan’s palace.”
Roxin appeared bewildered.
She had not come across any descriptions of this substance in her books.
They continued to move forward.
The closer they got to the main hall, the more of this dark-red fungal blanket they encountered.
It was as if they had entered the body of a colossal beast, and combined with the faint putrid odor emanating from the surroundings, Lu Ming couldn’t help but feel a sense of nausea—whether it was the smell’s influence or the disturbing environment.
“This place… it’s beyond words,”
sighed Rada, his voice filled with frustration as he quickened his pace.
Soon, the three of them arrived in front of the main hall. Roda pulled down the dark-red fleshy web hanging on the entrance, and they entered the grand hall.
Inside, they saw the fungal blankets piling up like grotesque masses of flesh, intertwining and forming various-sized lumps.
Roxin took two steps back, repulsed by the sight, while Lu Ming hesitated, unwilling to venture deeper into the hall.
It was Roda who took the initiative to handle the dirty work.
Roda took the initiative to handle the dirty work. He searched and rummaged through the hall, occasionally tearing apart the fleshy lumps. This action caused vile yellow-green liquid to splatter around, staining the entire hall with filth.
After half an hour or so, Roda waved his hand toward Lu Ming and Roxin, signaling them to leave the hall.
It was not until they were outside the hall that Roda dispelled his protective spell. He began to catch his breath heavily while quickly explaining,
“The thing isn’t here. There are only those disgusting things I don’t even know what they are!”
He activated his Source Power, shaking off the dirt from his body. He flung away the dark-red fleshy threads and the yellow-green liquid, sending them far away. Then, Roda continued, “Moreover, the yellow-green liquid is poisonous! I didn’t dare to test its toxicity personally.”
After Roda finished speaking, the three of them fell into silence.
Still, it was Lu Ming who spoke up, “However, it seems that there’s no real danger here.”
It was dirty, no doubt about it.
But as long as they were cautious of the poisonous yellow-green liquid, there did not seem to be anything that could threaten their safety.
Roda took a deep breath and continued, “Let’s keep going, towards the ancestral hall.”
The dark-red fungal blanket seemed to be present only near the main hall.
As the trio left the main hall, the fungal blanket and fleshy web gradually thinned out, disappearing completely by the time they reached the ancestral hall.
Returning to a more normal environment undoubtedly relieved the three of them. Roda led the way again, pushing open the door of the ancestral hall, and dim lights illuminated before them.
Ahead, there was a long corridor.
Stone lamps, illuminated by luminescent stones, hung on both sides of the corridor.
Some sort of prohibition seemed to be in effect. Even after countless years, the stone lamps on the walls still provided faint illumination for those who came later.
Roda continued to lead, with Lu Ming and Roxin following behind.
After walking for about dozens of meters, the path ahead suddenly opened up.
Several stone lamps adorned everything within the open space.
The light was somewhat dim, but it was enough to see things clearly.
Through the subdued light, they could vaguely make out a pile of skeletal remains in the room, along with several scattered items.
Aside from these, there was nothing else.
Roda could not help but walk forward.
As he approached, he noticed a faint layer of golden light enveloping the skeletal remains.
This made Roda involuntarily take a sharp breath.
“It’s King Lin. I can confirm that these are the remains of King Lin!”
Even after an Ancient Realm expert had passed away ten thousand years ago, their bones would still retain some distinctive features—and bone gilding was one of the signs of an Ancient Realm expert.
He then lowered his head and looked at the few items in front of King Lin’s remains.
Soon, Roda let out a gasp.
Because the first thing that caught his eye was not the items they had initially been observing, but rather a line of small text in front of King Lin’s remains.
He’s crazy…
These three words were written in the universal language of the Black Mist Zone, displayed in a faint red hue, resembling the color of blood.
The handwriting was sloppy, and it was unclear whether it was King Lin’s genuine writing or if he was in a disturbed state of mind at the time.
Lu Ming and Roxin approached as well and saw the text.
However, despite searching around, they couldn’t find any more information.
After some time, Lu Ming shook his head and said, “We don’t know what these three words mean, and we can’t find any more clues.”
“Besides, our purpose here isn’t to decipher mysteries.”
As he spoke, he pointed to the several items in front of King Lin’s remains.
“Let’s take a look at what those things are..”


CHAPTER-226
Chapter 226: Departure

In front of King Lin’s corpse were several items: a bottle of pale golden liquid, a white crystal, and three Source Power Sealing Balls.
Both Roda and Roxin stood still, and they just looked at Lu Ming.
Roxin spoke up from the side, “That crystal is a Memory Stone. It might contain some messages.”
This meant they wanted Lu Ming to take a look first.
After all, if there was an inheritance here, it was a promise made to Lu Ming by the siblings.
Lu Ming nodded gently and stepped forward to pick up the Memory Stone.
As Source Power poured into it, a message quickly transmitted from the
Memory Stone into Lu Ming’s mind.
After a brief check, Lu Ming sighed softly and shook his head.
“It’s an inheritance, but it’s useless to me.”
As he spoke, he tossed the Memory Stone to Roda.
This place was indeed the inheritance site of King Lin.
The few items in front of him were indeed inheritances.
Within the three Source Power Skill Sealing Balls were sealed three Ancient Realm Source Power Skills.
Breathing Technique: Breath of Flames.
Body Protection Technique: Three Flowers Crown.
As well as the Body Forging Technique: Divine Fire Indestructible Body.
But the problem was that there was a prerequisite to acquire King Lin’s inheritance—one had to possess the bloodline of the Flame Clan!
However, this matter was not unsolvable.
That bottle of pale golden liquid was the divine blood of the Flame Clan, and it only needed to be absorbed through a special method to transform an outsider into a full-fledged member of the Flame Clan.
The unfortunate part was…
Lu Ming definitely could not undergo this transformation.
It was not that he valued his human identity so much.
It was because he had a system within him. The origin and location of this system were unknown to him.
If he underwent the blood transformation and lost the system, or if he discarded his human identity and the system no longer recognized him… where would Lu Ming go from there?
Although the possibility was relatively small, when it came to matters involving the system, no matter how small the chance, Lu Ming did not want to take the risk.
So, he could only do Roda a favor and give these things to him.
Roda had accidentally completed the goal of entering the ruins this time, and was naturally overjoyed.
After quickly tidying up, Roda put away the inherited items and said to Lu Ming and Roxin.
“Let’s go.”
He did not have the intention to carry out the inheritance here.
It was mainly because the fungi carpet outside gave the three of them a very bad feeling.
Lu Ming had no objections to this.
The three of them quickly left, and there were no unexpected incidents until they left King Lin’s Mansion.
They returned to the inner city.
At the place where Uncle Lu was recuperating from his injuries, Lu Ming bid farewell to the three of them.
“This ruin doesn’t hold much value for me now, so I’m planning to leave.”
He would leave and return to Southern Mountain to farm his attributes.
This was Lu Ming’s plan for the next step.
Upon hearing Lu Ming’s words, Roxin could not help but ask, “Brother Lu, where do you live?”
As she finished her sentence, Roxin’s face turned red.
Lu Ming just shook his head gently and looked at Roda, “Where do you two plan to go next?”
Roda immediately said, “We’re heading back to Archean City to recuperate there and receive the inheritance.”
Lu Ming nodded and said, “If it’s possible, I have a presumptuous request…”
At the mention of a presumptuous request, Lu Ming seemed to be a little embarrassed. This made Roda smile and pat Lu Ming’s shoulder, saying, “If there’s anything I can help with, feel free to look for me.”
Lu Ming then smiled and said, “Alright, after I return, I’ll make arrangements, and in a while, I might bring a few people to meet you.”
Because Lu Ming suddenly remembered something Velo had said.
The Aeonians were happy to provide shelter to contemporary tribulation transcenders.
Their reputation within the Black Mist Zone was quite good.
Lu Ming thought that through Roda’s connections, he might be able to establish a connection with the Aeonians and improve the situation of the Southern Mountain people within the Black Mist Zone.
Of course, these matters were mainly handled by Huo Sheng.
After returning, Lu Ming would briefly mention it to Huo Sheng, and then it would depend on Huo Sheng’s decision.
Lu Ming was just asking Roda for a favor, and it would not be too much trouble.
After discussing these matters, Lu Ming, with his bags and bundles, was sent off by Roda and Roxin all the way to the exit of the ruins.
The news of the downfall of the Divine Dao Alliance spread very quickly.
Less than a day after Lu Ming killed Li De, the news of the Divine Dao Alliance’s dissolution had already become widely known.
Naturally, there was no entrance fee anymore.
The checkpoints near the entrance to the ruins had also been torn down by the heroes who were long dissatisfied with the Divine Dao Alliance.
Explorers came and went, and at this moment, the Flame Clan Ruin had returned to their former bustling state.
Just as Lu Ming was about to leave the Flame Clan Ruin, a familiar figure suddenly appeared before him.
“You’re… Quan Chao, right?” Lu Ming asked in recognition, and Quan Chao nodded respectfully, “It’s me, Mr. Lu.”
This was the person who had accompanied Lu Ming to the Divine Dao Alliance’s treasure vault before. After that, Lu Ming had followed the Roda siblings to King Lin’s Mansion and had forgotten about this person.
Unexpectedly, he was waiting for Lu Ming at the entrance of the ruin.
Lu Ming frowned, “What’s the matter?”
Sensing Lu Ming’s displeasure, Quan Chao hurriedly said, “Well, Mr. Lu, after your teaching the last time, I deeply realized how heinous my previous actions were! I have come to find you now because 1 want to serve you with and listen to your teachings up close.”
Look at what he was saying.
Clearly, Quan Chao had rehearsed them countless times behind the scenes.
But he was wrong about one thing.
Lu Ming was not some kind of righteous hero. He only displayed the attributes of one when someone provoked him. Otherwise, he was indifferent to what others did, focusing on his own business.
This meant that Lu Ming was not particularly interested in taking in underlings.
“There’s no need. You can go wherever you want. Just don’t follow me.”
Lu Ming waved his hand and continued walking towards the entrance of the ruins, bypassing Quan Chao.
Quan Chao did not dare to stop Lu Ming but bowed respectfully to his retreating figure, saying, “I’ll be in Archean City. If Mr. Lu ever needs assistance, just let me know, and I will serve you to the best of my abilities.”
However, Lu Ming ignored him and just increased his pace and quickly entered the gates of the ruin.
Even after Lu Ming had walked far away, Quan Chao still stood respectfully in the same spot.
Someone nearby could not help but say sarcastically, “He’s so eager to serve others, but no one wants him… I mean, seriously, buddy, if your strength is lacking, focus on improving yourself instead of trying to latch onto someone else. This is unorthodox.”
Laughter erupted from the onlookers.
Quan Chao slowly straightened his body and looked around.
He suddenly grinned strangely and released his spiritual pressure slightly, causing everyone to fall silent!
Only then did everyone realize that this man was a Spirit Realm expert!
Seeing the person who had spoken earlier turn pale and collapse to the ground, Quan Chao shook his head slightly.
If it was in the past, he would have snapped this person’s head off without a second thought.
However, after experiencing Lu Ming’s “earnest teachings,” Quan Chao had indeed changed…
He said loudly, “Serving Mr. Lu as a loyal follower is my good fortune. Those of you with weak wills and short-sightedness, how could you possibly comprehend Mr. Lu’s greatness?”
After uttering these words, Quan Chao shook his head and walked towards the entrance of the ruin.
Unbeknownst to Lu Ming, due to Quan Chao’s antics, his name had become widely known in the peripheral areas of the Hundred Thousand Mountains..


CHAPTER-227
Chapter 227: Return and Cultivation

More than two months had passed when Lu Ming returned to Southern Mountain once again.
When he just left, everything in Southern Mountain was still in its early stages. The farmland remained uncultivated, and the living spaces in the caves were only roughly constructed.
But this time, as Lu Ming returned, he could see the patches of black rice fields from a distance.
As he walked up the mountain, he soon heard some commotion in the distance.
Before the people arrived, the voices reached him!
“Mr. Lu, you’re finally back.”
There was no urgency in his tone, just a casual greeting, not suggesting any problems in Southern Mountain.
Lu Ming smiled and nodded in the direction of the voice and saw Velo and Fala walking down from the mountain.
“Thank you for your hard work, Mr. Velo,” Lu Ming said as soon as Velo and Fala approached.
The Southern Mountain was ultimately located within the Hundred Thousand Mountains. There were a variety of exotic beasts in the vicinity, and Physique Realm exotic beasts would often appear.
Without Velo’s vigilance, this place would not have developed to its current state.
Hearing Lu Ming’s words, Velo smiled and waved his hand, “Fala, take Mr. Lu around the area.”
With that said, he looked at Lu Ming, “1 have some matters to attend to, so 1 won’t accompany Mr. Lu back home.”
Even though it had been a long time since they had parted ways, Fala didn’t feel estranged at all.
She chatted non-stop along the way, like an Oriole that could not stop chirping.
“There’re black rice fields over there, with enough area to feed one hundred and eighty people.”
“Near the black rice fields are vegetable gardens.”
“That’s the ranch over there. Some time ago, we had an Awakener here with the superpower to control exotic beasts. Although he can’t control powerful exotic beasts, it’s perfect for raising livestock.”
“In the future, we don’t have to worry about meat anymore.”
“By the way, Brother Lu, did you have any interesting experiences in the Flame Clan Ruin?”
Lu Ming casually shared some of his experiences and observations from the Flame Clan Ruin, which excited Fala.
Not long after, the two of them entered the cave.
They followed the illuminated path inside the cave.
Wang Xiong, Cheng Cheng, Wei Lan, and the others had probably received Velo’s notification early and had been waiting there.
Seeing Lu Ming’s figure, everyone called out to Brother Lu excitedly.
Without Lu Ming, this place would not be not complete…
Lu Ming also greeted everyone with a smile and then followed Cheng Cheng’s guidance to his own home.
In the outdoor dining area, Cheng Cheng, Wei Lan, and Fala were preparing food while Lu Ming chatted with them.
Occasionally, they talked about the aftermath of the Flame Clan Ruin.
They would also talk about the various events that had happened in Southern Mountain recently.
Huo Sheng often came to visit. Although he could not meet Lu Ming, he exchanged some information and resources with Wang Xiong.
Based on Huo Sheng’s frequency of visits, he would likely return in three days. Lu Ming decided that he would talk to Huo Sheng about the Aeonians at that time.
As for other matters, there were hardly any, and there was no danger. Even if there were dangers, Velo, a Third-Level Physique Realm expert, had dealt with them in advance.
In any case, everything was going well.
The better the development of the gathering place, the more it could provide
Lu Ming with a stable and secure environment.
“By the way, these are the items 1 obtained in the Flame Clan Ruin.”
Lu Ming took out items like Body Forging Pills and placed them on the table, introducing them to Cheng Cheng and the others, allowing the three women to distribute them as they wished.
This excited the three women.
After enjoying a hot and sumptuous meal, Lu Ming brought Chengcheng and Wei Lan to the small courtyard.
Currently, both Cheng Cheng and Wei Lan were at the Ninth Level of the Mortal Realm.
The gap between them and Lu Ming was simply too vast.
No matter how the two of them used their superpowers, they could not create any pressure on Lu Ming anymore.
This left Lu Ming somewhat helpless.
‘I’m afraid there won’t be any more daily attribute point farming in the future…’
Based on Lu Ming’s current situation, the daily attribute point farming routine used to provide him with 2 points in all attributes.
However, this method had become inefficient.
Lu Ming could gain more attribute points in the same amount of time by practicing Body Forging Technique in the Void Space.
The reason he felt a sense of loss was simply because the daily attribute point farming routine had become ingrained in his life and blood. Not being able to continue this routine made him feel like something was missing in his life.
“Sigh… 1 guess I’ll have to adapt.”
Lu Ming muttered and looked at Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan, who also seemed somewhat distracted.
After thinking for a moment, Lu Ming said, “1 want to give you two another task.”
Zhang Chengcheng perked up and said, “Brother Lu, go ahead.”
“From now on, I’ll be in seclusion in my bedroom. If there’s anything urgent, please knock on the window.”
After entering the Void Space, Lu Ming’s perception of the outside world would be greatly weakened. In this state, he might not even notice if an enemy approached him closely.
Therefore, Lu Ming needed trustworthy people to stand guard for him, and Zhang Chengcheng and Wei Lan were the best choices.
Hearing that they had a new mission, Cheng Cheng and Wei Lan immediately dispelled their gloom and became determined.
“You can count on us.”
Lu Ming reminded them once more, “And don’t forget to prepare meals.”
The two girls smiled and said, “Of course, we’ll also take care of the cooking.”
After dinner and making arrangements for everything outside, Lu Ming finally returned to his home.
He lay on his bed, his gaze deep, lost in thought.
“The Void Space has advanced to the intermediate level, and as a result, there will be significant changes in my future cultivation.”
“The daily attribute farming routine is already gone. From today onwards, I’ll focus on farming attribute points in Body Forging Technique and Source Power Skill levels.”
“To save time, 1’11 do my cultivation in the Void Space, which is necessary.”
Moreover, Lu Ming’s daily routine was all about farming attributes.
Therefore, this meant that Lu Ming might need to spend more than 20 hours a day in the Void Space.
For most people, this would undoubtedly be dull and boring.
But for Lu Ming, it was a tremendous reward!
He no longer had to interact with others.
He no longer had to be on guard and fear encountering danger.
Lu Ming found a soft cushion and laid it on the ground, scattered the Flamestones around and sat cross-legged, slowly closing his eyes.
Cultivation began at this moment!
His consciousness briefly flickered, and when he opened his eyes again, Lu Ming had already appeared in the Void Space.
The pure white space was devoid of any objects, with only Lu Ming standing in the center.
The silence brought tranquility to Lu Ming, giving him a profound sense of security!
Inhale, exhale.
After adjusting his condition to the optimal state, Lu Ming took a deep breath, raised his hand and performed the starting posture of the Flame Body Forging Technique.
First of all, Lu Ming planned to practice this newly acquired Body Forging Technique a few times.
The training method of the Flame Body Forging Technique was more cumbersome and difficult than the Knight Body Forging Technique.
Additionally, it required the assistance of the Flamestone during the cultivation process.
As Lu Ming continuously changed his movements, he could clearly feel a warm flow entering his body from the outside—this was his external body absorbing the Flamestones’ fiery energy.
Soon, Lu Ming felt his body heating up.
Under the tempering of the fiery energy, the cells in his body rejoiced and gradually became stronger—although this increase was almost imperceptible.
After half an hour had passed, Lu Ming finished his practice and exhaled a warm breath. He checked the experience points of the Flame Body Forging Technique and saw that it had increased by one point, becoming “(Beginner) (1/100).”
At the same time, his three-dimensional and free attribute points also increased by 1 point each!
“Great.”
“Moreover, the time consumed is the same as the Knight Body Forging Technique.”
Lu Ming nodded in satisfaction.
It should be noted that Lu Ming’s current 1 attribute point was equivalent to 10,000 points during his Mortal Realm!
“Next, I have to verify how much one unit of Flamestone is worth..”


CHAPTER-228
Chapter 228: Cultivate Day And Night

The Flamestone was an essential item for cultivating the Flame Body Forging Technique.
While this thing was relatively easy to find, Lu Ming did not bring back many Flamestones back this time.
He carried back several large packages, but the largest one in the packages was the Source Power Skill Sealing Ball this item was undoubtedly more important than the Flamestones.
He did nor know how many Flamestones he would have to consume to cultivate the Flame Body Forging Technique.
After completing the second round of Body Forging Technique, Lu Ming took a brief rest and immediately began the third round.
Soon, it was the fourth round, the fifth round, the sixth round…
Until he completed ten rounds of Body Forging Technique, Lu Ming vaguely noticed that the Flame Qi in his body was becoming scarce as he practiced the final round.
He immediately ended the effect of the Void Space and returned to the outside world. Opening his eyes and looking around, he saw that the Flamestones that were once vibrant red had turned into dull gray stones, indistinguishable from the ordinary rocks.After immediately ending the effect of the Void Domain, Lu Ming returned to the outside world and opened his eyes to look around. He saw that the originally red Flame Fire Stones around him had already turned gray and were no different from the rocks everywhere.
This made Lu Ming understand.
“A unit of Flamestone is about the size of an adult’s fist.”
And one unit of Flamestone could support Lu Ming to cultivate the Flame Body Forging Technique once.
“The consumption is not significant, well within an acceptable range.”
“It’s time to put the purchase of Flamestone on the agenda.”
“I’ll leave it to Mr. Velo for that.”
With this decision in mind, Lu Ming went out and entrusted this matter to Fala. The subsequent affairs would naturally be handled by Fala and her grandfather, and Lu Ming just had to wait.
Back in his room, Lu Ming scattered the remaining Flamestones around and entered the Void Space once again.
In the intermediate Void Realm, time flowed differently, and one day here was equivalent to one hour in the outside world.
And within the Void Realm, Lu Ming’s body entered a state of slumber, resting at all times.
This meant that Lu Ming did not need to sleep.
Of course, mental fatigue was unavoidable. In fact, this cultivation method would make Lu Ming mentally exhausted faster than normal.
However, inside the Void Realm, he could still sleep.
Long ago, Lu Ming had already found the most efficient method of cultivation.
“With a day in the Void Realm as the standard, I can cultivate a full 20 hours and rest for four hours.”
“With a to-day cycle, I can go out to eat once every ten days to replenish my body’s natural consumption.”
“As for my current cultivation projects, I only have the Body Forging Technique and the Source Power Skills… The Body Forging Technique rakes half an hour per cycle. Cultivating it 20 times amounts to 10 hours, and the remaining 10 hours can be used to cultivate the Source Power Skills…”
Among them, the Source Power Armor could be activated all day long and increase one’s proficiency all the time.
As for the remaining Source Power Skills…
“Following the previous plan, I’ll practice the Explosive Fist.”
“First, 1’11 cultivate this Morral Realm Source Power Skill, Explosive Fist, to the highest level and see what surprises it can bring me!”
Lu Ming had always been extremely serious when it came to cultivation!
He would make a plan and then stick to it.
Without external interference, Lu Ming would not easily deviate from his planned schedule.
In the outside world, time flew.
One hour…
Two hours…
Five hours later, the Flame Body Forging Technique advanced to the Proficient stage.
Flame Body Forging Technique (Proficient) (0/10000): Physique Realm Body Forging Technique. This secret technique requires the assistance of Flamestones during cultivation. Only when rhe power of flame enters the body can one temper rhe physique!  I
You have proficiently cultivated the Flame Body Forging Technique. At the Proficient stage, each cycle will increase your three-dimensional attributes by 2 points and grant you 2 free attribute points. It also consumes one unit of Flamestone.
At this point, Lu Ming opened his eyes because he had run out of Flamestone.
When he went out, he realized that Fala had already informed Velo of his need for the Flamestone, and Velo was a straightforward person.
He took a trip to the Flame Clan Ruins and collected the Flamestones at rhe entrance- the ruins contained many Flamestone mines.
At a slightly higher price than the marker rate, Velo brought back several carts of Flamestones…
After instructing Velo to continue collecting as much as possible, Lu Ming carried the Flamestones into the house.
After a simple meal, Lu Ming continued his cultivation.
The current time was rhe 212th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
For the current Lu Ming, day and night no longer had any meaning.
At this point, with an ample supply of Flamestone, well-fed and well-hydrated, Lu Ming officially entered his planned cycle of cultivation.
One day in the outside world meant that Lu Ming could practice for 23 days within the Void Realm! The missing hour was spent on eating, drinking, and using the restroom.
This clearly illustrated how significant the superpower of the Void Realm was to Lu Ming!
Day 215 of the Black Mist Calendar.
At approximately dawn outside, Lu Ming’s Flame Body Forging Technique advanced again, from Proficient to Mastery.
Flame Body Forging Technique (Mastery) (0/10000): Physique Realm Body Forging Technique. This secret technique requires the assistance of Flamestones during cultivation. Only when the Flame Power enters the body can one temper the physique!  
You have mastered the Flame Body Forging Technique. At the Mastery stage, each cycle will increase your three-dimensional attributes by 5 points and grant you 5 free attribute points. It also consumes one unit of Flamestone.
The attributes gained from mastery increased from 2 to 5 points.
On the same day, Huo Sheng came to visit.
Huo Sheng arrived during lunchtime, and he was unaware that Lu Ming had returned earlier.
Zhang Chengcheng rang the bell and woke Lu Ming up, who was cultivating in seclusion in the bedroom.
Only then did Lu Ming and Huo Sheng meet again.
In the outdoor dining hall, Lu Ming and Huo Sheng chatted as they ate.
Lu Ming briefly chatted about his experience in the Flame Clan Ruins, but of course, he selectively shared certain things.
Some sensitive matters would definitely not be discussed with anyone.
Huo Sheng also talked about the situation the survivors from Nanxiang had encountered during this period.
“Overall, the situation is quite dire.”
Speaking of this, Huo Sheng could not help but sigh deeply.
The Hundred Thousand Mountains primarily took advantage of its complex terrain, but to say that this place was highly habitable… that was definitely not the case.
The rampant presence of exotic beasts alone was enough to give Huo Sheng a headache.
“My previous strategy was to divide and conquer, dispersing into several hundred or even thousands of small gathering points. However, some of these gathering points didn’t have enough strong individuals to defend them, leading to heavy casualties.”
After speaking, Huo Sheng added with a forced smile, “But a few large gathering points managed to survive and are now on the right track.”
As soon as Huo Sheng finished speaking, Lu Ming immediately interrupted, “By the way, have Colonel Bai and Duan Mei set off?”
Bai Tianyu and Duan Mei were responsible for crossing the Hundred Thousand Mountains to contact the Aeonians.
Huo Sheng shook his head and said, “No, we re short on strong individuals, and I don’t dare to send them on a journey like that again.”
Bai Tianyu and Duan Mei were both at the Level Nine Mortal Realm, and they were indispensable combat strength during this phase of the opening up of Nanxiang.
Lu Ming smiled and said, “It’s a good thing that they didn’t leave. Coincidentally, I want to introduce someone to you.”
Huo Sheng asked, “Who is it?”
“The City Lord of Arche an City, Roda. Oh, by the way. Rod a is also a member of the Eternal Clan.”
Huo Sheng immediately narrowed his eyes.
Whether it was his identity as the City Lord of Arche an City or his identity as an Aeonian, both held significant potential for manipulation.
Once this person was put to good use, it could easily improve the situation for the people of Nanxiang.
Thinking of this, Huo Sheng said, “Your relationship with him is…”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and replied, “Life-saving grace.”
I saved his life..”


CHAPTER-229
Chapter 229: Archean City

The gratitude from a life-saving favor was definitely not small.
However, Lu Ming was not the kind of person to take advantage of such a favor.
“I’m only responsible for the introduction. After meeting Roda, how you talk to him and persuade him is your responsibility.”
“Of course, on account of me, Roda’s attitude should be favorable. However, we have to consider the extent.”
Huo Sheng nodded repeatedly. “1 understand.”
“Then let’s go to Archean City after dinner?”
“Good!”
With that, this matter was settled.
Morning, 216th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
In the early hours of the morning, Archean City was already bustling with activity.
Archean City was the only city in the periphery of the Hundred Thousand Mountains, and the recent events in the Flame Clan Ruins had caused quite a stir.
As soon as the day broke, countless adventurers left Archean City, heading into the Hundred Thousand Mountains in search of their own opportunities.
Standing at the city gate, Duncan, who was dressed in military uniform, scanned the passing pedestrians with an expressionless face, muttering to himself.
“I wonder how many people can realize their dreams of getting rich, and how many won’t make it through the day…”
As the guard at the gate of Archean City, Duncan had seen and experienced a lot.
The Hundred Thousand Mountains were indeed a treasure trove, and there were riches to be found within. However, those who could become overnight millionaires in the Hundred Thousand Mountains were few and far between. Most people ended up losing their lives in some remote corner.
Compared to such a precarious life, Duncan’s job, where he received a steady salary, was much more comfortable and carefree.
After this moment of reflection, Duncan extended his hand to stop three individuals who wanted to enter the city.
“Entrance fee.”
Archean City’s revenue, in addition to some industries within the city, also relied on entry fees to some extent.
You paid to enter the city, but leaving the city was free, and the fee was not high. Over time, this rule had become established.
Hearing Duncan’s words, the three individuals stopped. After a moment, one of them handed over a Mortal Realm Level 8 corpse crystal to Duncan.
Duncan inspected it and nodded in satisfaction. There was some money left over, enough for him to enjoy a glass of flower wine after he was off duty.
He definitely could not take the money for free.
And Duncan understood the logic behind it.
Just as it was early in the morning, there were more people leaving the city than entering it.
A deep and heavy voice sounded in his ear, “Officer, it’s been a while since we’ve been back. May I ask if there have been any major events in the city recently?”
Duncan grinned, “There have been quite a few major events.”
“In addition to the uproar caused by the Flame Clan Ruin, another major event is the rise of the Land God Association.”
“The Land God Association?”
“Yes, the Heaven Saber Gang and the Divine Dao Gang had both perished in the Flame Clan Ruin. Naturally, other factions have stepped in to fill the void.” “Originally, there were several major gangs fighting fiercely over this, but just two days ago, the Land God Association appeared out of nowhere and wiped out all those who resisted with the strength of the Spirit Realm!”
Duncan was quite enthusiastic when talking about the Land God Association because the city’s defense system itself belonged to these major gangs. In other words, the Land God Association was Duncan’s current employer.
“The Land God Association is really impressive. 1 don’t know the name of the Sect Master, but 1 do know that his last name is Lu. He’s also nicknamed Mr. Lu. It’s said that Mr. Lu has a good relationship with City Lord Roda.”
“The person in charge of the outside world is the deputy leader of the Land God Association, Mr. Quan Chao, a Spirit Realm expert.”
“Speaking of Mr. Quan, that’s really…”
Duncan rambled on about the Land God Association, but he did not realize that the three individuals in front of him were exchanging glances.
At the front, Velo, who was communicating with Duncan, turned around to look at Lu Ming, who was covered by a black robe. Huo Sheng also stared at Lu Ming strangely.
Lu Ming, however, remained expressionless.
It was not until they entered the city that Lu Ming spoke softly.
“I do know that Quan Chao.”
Huo Sheng could not help but ask, “What about the Land God Association…”
Lu Ming shook his head, “I don’t know, I’m not sure, but come to think of it… Well, the president of the Land God Association is probably me…”
Speaking of which, Lu Ming did not expect Quan Chao to actually do this without a word.
However, after thinking about it carefully, Lu Ming ignored it.
“Let’s deal with the important matters first. The main thing is to focus on the task at hand.”
Archean City was bustling with people and prosperity, but the city’s layout was chaotic, and the security situation was poor.
After all, there was no proper government structure, and whoever was the top gang in the city managed its affairs. The city lord, Roda, seemed more like a figurehead. Besides collecting money on time and using his personal strength to intimidate small-time crooks, Roda did not handle any administrative matters.
Of course, as the City Lord of Archean City, Luo Da still needed to have prestige and influence.
Lu Ming and the other two headed all the way to the City Lord Manor. Along the way, they encountered three group brawls, five street robberies, and one public assassination before finally reaching the entrance of the City Lord Manor.
Lu Ming took a step forward and said to the gatekeeper, “I’m Lu Ming, requesting an audience with the City Lord.”
The concierge was momentarily taken aback.
He cautiously asked, “Mr. Lu Ming?”
“Hmph.”
“Are you really Mr. Lu Ming?”
Lu Ming replied, “Yes.”
With a creak, the heavy gate of the City Lord Manor was pushed open. The gatekeeper respectfully said to Lu Ming and his companions, “The City Lord has already given orders. If Mr. Lu Ming is visiting, you can go straight in. The three of you, please proceed and I will inform the City Lord and Miss Roxin now.”
It was only right for Roda and Roxin to respect Lu Ming.
This was reverence for his strength.
However, when Velo and Huo Sheng saw this scene, they felt a bit dizzy.
Although they knew that Lu Ming was impressive… they could not have imagined that in just two months, Lu Ming had become so influential.
He had inexplicably become the boss of the Land God Association, with a vice-leader who was at the Spirit Realm.
Even the City Lord of Archean City showed great reverence for Lu Ming.
You had to understand, that was the Spirit Realm!
A level that neither Velo nor Huo Sheng could even dream of reaching!
Guided by the servants, the three entered the City Lord’s manor.Under the guidance of the subordinate, the three of them walked into the City Lord Manor.
They passed through corridors and gardens, deep into the manor.
This place was quiet and peaceful, filled with the sounds of birds and the fragrance of flowers, in stark contrast to the chaos of Archean City.
In a pavilion in the garden, the servant led the three to a stop.
“Please wait for a moment. The City Lord and Miss Roxin are taking a shower and changing.”
After saying this, the servant quietly retreated. After the three of them sat down, another servant came forward with fresh tea, snacks, and fruits, quickly filling the table.
The three of them ate and waited.
About ten minutes later, footsteps could be heard from outside.
It was Roda, Roxin and Uncle Lu who were rushing over.
“Brother Lu!”
Roda was the first to arrive. As soon as he saw Lu Ming, he went forward and gave him a big hug.
Lu Ming had no choice but to return the enthusiastic embrace from Roda. Then, he looked behind Roda.
Roxin was smiling sweetly at him. When she saw Lu Ming’s gaze, her smile grew warmer, and she said softly, “Brother Lu.”
Lu Ming also smiled at Roxin.
On the other hand, Uncle Lu still looked expressionless. His face was a little pale, suggesting that his old injuries had not fully healed.
After exchanging greetings, they all sat back in the pavilion..


CHAPTER-230
Chapter 230: Revenge

When the four of them reunited, Roda and Lu Ming briefly discussed their recent circumstances.
After Lu Ming left, Roda returned to Archean City the following day.
Uncle Lu was recuperating, and Roda immediately absorbed the inheritance of King Lin.
Looking at Huo Sheng and Velo, whom Lu Ming had brought with him, Roda whispered to Lu Ming, “The bloodline transformation is slow; 1 estimate it might take several months. Only after the bloodline transformation is completed can I cultivate those three Source Power Skills.”
In short, obtaining King Lin’s inheritance was one thing, but fully mastering it was another.
After discussing these matters, Lu Ming turned to look at Huo Sheng and Velo.
“Let me introduce, this is Huo Sheng, and this is Velo. These two are my sworn friends.”
Calling them “sworn friends” was not entirely inaccurate.
After all, the experiences they had been through together were quite numerous, at least more than what Lu Ming and Roda had experienced.
Seeing Lu Ming shift the conversation to them, Huo Sheng and Velo stood up and nodded at Roda, “We’ve heard a lot about you, City Lord Roda.”
Roda also stood up and smiled, “Brother Lu’s friends are my friends.”
Lu Ming then continued, “Huo Sheng would like to discuss something with you, Roda. I’m just here to introduce you. Now that the introduction is done, you two can talk in detail about the matters.”
With these words, Lu Ming stood up and looked at Roxin.
“Would you like to accompany me to stroll around the Lord’s Manor, Roxin?”
Roxin could barely suppress the joy on her face.
Before Roda could say anything, Roxin was already eagerly nodding like a chick pecking at rice, “Sure.”
In the Flame Clan Ruin.
In the former palace of the Jing God, Jing Yi had already been sitting here for a full five days.
In the past five days, Jing Yi neither ate nor drank, and he did not feel hungry or thirsty.
He sat there like a soulless being, motionless and not thinking about anything, resembling a stone statue.
Clearly, he could not bear the blow of the Jing God’s demise!
Awakening the Jing God was the mission of Jing Yi’s lineage.
For this mission, Jing Yi’s lineage had sacrificed a great deal. Jing Yi had even destroyed the Heaven Saber Gang and his only son to fulfill this matter.
And now…
The Jing God was dead…
He had died!
Died a miserable death!
He died right under Jing Yi’s nose!
It was like a heavy hammer that heavily struck Jing Yi’s cerebellum, causing cerebellar atrophy.
At this moment, Jing Yi felt as if his consciousness was blurry, and his thoughts were dissipating….
Until a faint voice suddenly entered his ears.
“All….”
A long sigh…
This long sigh seemed to have a magical effect, slowly awakening Jing Yi’s clouded mind.
He turned to look beside him.
There, right where the Jing God had fallen, an illusory humanoid light shadow had appeared at some point.
The humanoid light shadow gazed at Jing Yi, and Jing Yi also looked at it.
Although it was illusory, blurry, and hazy, Jing Yi could vaguely see the shadow of the Jing God within this illusory state.
He jolted and asked tentatively, “Jing God? Ancestor? Is it you?”
The illusory shadow was silent for a long time before saying faintly, “Yes, it’s me.”
Jing Yi burst into tears on the spot!
He wailed, “Ancestor! Ancestor! Your death was so tragic! I don’t know why this happened; everything I did was according to our ancestral teachings. I don’t understand why things turned out this way!”
“I don’t know, Ancestor! I don’t understand!!”
“Ahhh!!”
He pounded his chest and stomped his feet, overflowing with grief. His agitated state even caused twitches at the corners of the Jing God’s residual spirit.
After a long time, the Jing God sighed softly.
“Enough, enough. The situation has come to this, and I have also understood the cause and effect of the matter. This matter has nothing to do with you.”
Even at the moment of his fall, the Jing God’s residual spirit had already taken form.
Initially, the Jing God thought that everything he had encountered was related to Jing Yi, but after observing for five days, he realized that Jing Yi was not the true culprit who had plotted against him.
He had no idea what had happened to him.
“My remaining consciousness has no power and can’t last much longer. Probably in about ten days to half a month, this lingering consciousness will dissipate. By then, everything related to the Jing God will completely vanish from this world, leaving no trace.”
Speaking of this, there was no anger or sadness in the Jing God’s tone.
As the saying goes, “To the victor belong the spoils.” Even though he did not understand the cause of his death, the Jing God had come to accept the outcome of his crushing defeat.
However…
Turning to look at the bewildered Jing Yi, the Jing God’s residual spirit suddenly sighed.
He asked, “How’s the Flame Clan doing?”
Hearing the Ancestor’s question, Jing Yi sobbed for a long time before saying,
“Gone… It’s all gone… It’s all over…”
“What do you mean by ‘It’s all over’?”
“I might be the only one left in the Flame Clan.”
After Jing Yi finished speaking, the Jing God fell silent.
After a long time, the Jing God seemed to have thought of something and spoke inexplicably,
“Do you want revenge?”
Jing Yi was taken aback.
“Revenge?”
“Yes, revenge.”
“To avenge the destruction of my Flame Clan.”
Jing Yi was suddenly at a loss.
To be honest, the Flame Clan had been extinct for a long time. Ever since Jing Yi was born, the Flame Clan had already been considered destroyed.
He had never experienced the former glory of the Flame Clan, so he naturally did not have much of a feeling about revenge or anything of the sort.
Looking at Jing Yi’s perplexed expression, the Jing God smiled and shook his head, “If you don’t want to, then forget it.”
“If you want to, you can go to this place. Perhaps you can find something there that will allow you to take revenge.”
After the Jing God finished speaking, he raised his hand and shot out a white light. The white light landed in Jing Yi’s mind, transforming into a vast amount of information.
Jing Yi processed the information in the white light.
He then raised his head and looked at the Jing God.
“Ancestor, do you want me to seek revenge?”
The Jing God was momentarily speechless.
After thinking for a while, the Jing God spoke softly,
“I have no idea.”
“You don’t know?”
“Yes, I don’t know…”
“I’ve always felt that the younger generation, especially someone like you who is separated by countless generations, should not bear the great grudge of the Flame Clan. Since you haven’t enjoyed the glory of the Flame Clan, you shouldn’t bear the Flame Clan’s mission.”
“However, the extinction of the Flame Clan did leave me with mixed feelings. If 1 successfully recover and return, I will definitely seek revenge for the Flame Clan. But given the current circumstances, it seems that seeking revenge or anything of that sort may not be necessary.”
After saying these words, the Jing God seemed to be tired.
He concluded by saying, “Whether to seek revenge or not, it’s all up to you.”
“Now, you have become the last survivor of the Flame Clan, and you have the right to make any choice you want.”
With these words, the Jing God’s figure gradually faded away, disappearing completely amidst Jing Yi’s lamentations, leaving no trace behind.
Jing Yi was left sitting in the former palace in a daze, utterly unable to sort out his thoughts for a while..


CHAPTER-231
Chapter 231: Straw

Let’s not talk about whether his thoughts were rational.
But after experiencing the episode of Jing God’s residual spirit, Jing Yi felt hungry.
He picked up the dry food and water, and stuffed them into his mouth until he was full, feeling refreshed.
Standing up, Jing Yi moved his stiff and sore body a little, and walked out of the palace.
What he saw was a mess.
In a daze, Jing Yi saw the body of Jing Cong.
The body had already rotted and stank, and the huge hole in the chest that Jing Yi had dug out seemed like a silent accusation from Jing Cong.
Even until his death, Jing Cong did not know the mission his family was burdened with, nor did he know why his father had dealt such a deadly blow to him!
Then he turned around and looked at the members of the Heaven Saber Gang.
Without too much thought, Jing Yi could tell what had happened outside…
The Heaven Saber Gang was definitely gone.
That old fox, Meijixi, would definitely not miss this opportunity. He would surely completely disintegrate the Heaven Saber Gang during the two months that Jing Yi was absent.
Thinking back to before coming to the ruins, he was a prominent figure in Archean City, below only one person and above tens of thousands.
However, just two months later, he had become a lone individual…
He had given too much and received too little!
It made Jing Yi feel like a clown…
“No, it’s not like… 1 really have become a clown.”
The corners of his mouth unconsciously curled into a strange curve that became larger and larger. Jing Yi looked up at the sky and laughed maniacally like a lunatic, and it took a long time before he stopped.
“Alright… alright.”
“Anyway, I’ve lost everything.”
“Let’s go take a look… Let’s go take a look!”
After roughly identifying the direction, Jing Yi walked into the forest, one step at a time.
The Flame Clan Ruin was vast.
But, there were also many explorers in Archean City.
It had been over two months since the opening of the Flame Clan Ruin. The footsteps of the explorers had already spread from Archean City to the forest behind it.
Today, the renowned exploration team in Archean City, the Soro Exploration Team, had reached deep into the forest.
The team consisted of seven people,all of whom had the strength of the Physique Realm. As the seven-person team advanced, they would occasionally check their direction, as if they had a predetermined target.
The captain, Soro suddenly spoke, “Over here, I smell the scent of Blue-Yellow Grass.”
The purpose of the Soro Exploration Team’s deep venture into the ruins this time was to find a rare medicinal herb that had long gone extinct outside- Blue-Yellow Grass.
This herb was the main ingredient for a rare elixir known as Blue-Yellow Pill, which could allow a Level Nine Physique Realm expert to experience the formation process of spiritual pressure in advance. In other words,
Blue-Yellow Pill could help a level nine Physique Realm expert break through to the Spirit Realm.
The value of the Blue-Yellow grass was self-evident.
Under Soro’s lead, the group of seven quickly moved forward. However, not long after, Soro suddenly stopped in his tracks.
“There’s someone…”
Before he could finish his sentence, a figure emerged from the front.
Disheveled and ragged.
Expressionless with lifeless eyes.
Soro and his team stopped and looked at this person. They noticed that he simply looked at them in a daze before walking past them and into the distance.
“Weirdo.”
Feng Wu, the team’s beauty, muttered in a coquettish voice. As she finished speaking, a burly man next to her suddenly spoke up.
“That person looks so strangely familiar…”
“I think he’s the leader of the Heaven Saber Gang, Jing Yi!”
His words shocked everyone….
Jing Yi, who had once been a prominent figure in Archean City, was naturally known to the members of the Soro Exploration Team.
Although the current Jing Yi had an unkempt beard and a shabby appearance, his facial features had not changed much.
After confirming his identity, the seven of them immediately started whispering.
“Awhile ago, the Divine Dao Alliance wiped out the Heaven Saber Gang. This Jing Yi did not appear from beginning to end. Everyone thought that Jing Yi had already died in Flame City, but now, he has appeared here…”
“Well, that’s strange. 1 wonder what Jing Yi is hiding here for.”
“I’m even more curious about where Jing Yi is going now?”
The seven of them muttered for a long time.
Captain Soro’s eyes flashed and he said, “Let’s follow and take a look.”
As soon as he finished speaking, everyone in the team nodded in unison.
Jing Yi was once a big shot to the Soro Exploration Team.
However, now that the Heaven Saber Gang had been destroyed, Jing Yi was alone. Although Jing Yi was at Level nine of the Physique Realm, Soro also had the strength of Level eight of the Physique Realm.
The Soro Exploration Team was not afraid of Jing Yi who was alone.
On the contrary, they felt that if Jing Yi really had some secrets, the Soro Exploration Team might as well kill him and snatch his treasures. In Archean City, the exploration team also had the role of bandits.
As for the Blue-Yellow Grass they were looking for on this trip…
Hey, that thing did not have legs. It could not run away.
The Soro Exploration Team followed behind Jing Yi.
They watched as Jing Yi crossed mountains and rivers.
With eight people in total, one in front and seven behind, it took them three hours to arrive at a cave.
Jing Yi turned his head slightly to look behind him, as if he had long sensed the presence of the Soro Exploration Team.
But, Jing Yi did not care.
He just stood at the entrance of the cave and pondered for a moment before saying softly, “Jing Yi, in the name of the seven gods, the Flame Clan, Fire, Blaze, Flame, Melt, Incinerate, and Explosion!”
This was the activation passphrase!
In fact, the passphrase was quite simple—speaking of which, the ruins were the hiding place of the Flame Clan and there were no outsiders, so there was no need for a complex passphrase.
As Jing Yi uttered the passphrase, a white light suddenly flashed at the entrance of the cave in front of him.
The white light flickered continuously. Soon, a pure white light gate covered the entrance of the cave and appeared in front of Jing Yi.
This scene made everyone in the Soro Exploration Team exclaim faintly.
They immediately realized that they had stumbled upon a huge secret!
But Jing Yi continued to pay no attention.
He just took a step forward and entered the white gate. With a flash of light, both the white gate and Jing Yi disappeared.
At this moment, the seven people of the Soro Exploration Team quickly walked out from behind and arrived at the entrance of the cave.
They looked around but could not find any trace of Jing Yi.
The cave was a dead end, with nothing beyond ten meters.
The seven of them gathered in front of the cave. Soro pondered for a moment and said,
“Wait, let’s wait here!”
There was no reason for the Soro Exploration Team to miss such an opportunity.
Since they could not enter with Jing Yi, they might as well wait at the entrance and see if they could seize an opportunity.
In a flash, Jing Yi felt a momentary daze in his mind, and then he quickly regained his clarity.
When he opened his eyes, Jing Yi immediately felt that everything before him had changed dramatically.
Originally, he was standing in front of a cave, surrounded by lush grass and towering trees.
However, after passing through the light gate…
He found himself in an advanced high-tech laboratory.
The walls around him were made of metal.
Hidden white lights within the walls made the place as bright as day.
What was even more astonishing was that after Jing Yi observed for only five seconds, a synthesized pleasant female voice suddenly sounded.
“Welcome to the Flame Clan Royal First Research Institute. I’m the administrator of this place, the Artificial Intelligence: Crimson Queen. I’m at your service..”


CHAPTER-232
Chapter 232: The Source of Dreams!

Jing Yi’s jaw dropped.
Strictly speaking, Jing Yi was not a country bumpkin.
He had vaguely heard that the major clans of the current era not only emphasized individual strength but also kept up with technological advancements.
However, technology was something distant from the Archean City, the Heavenly Sword Sect, and far too remote for someone like Jing Yi to encounter artificial intelligence for the first time.
He asked cautiously, “What can you do for me?”
The Crimson Queen replied, “Everything.”
Jing Yi was silent for a moment. Recalling the information given to him by the Jing God, Jing Yi said, “Take me to Laboratory One.”
The Crimson Queen: asked, “Are you sure?”
Jing Yi frowned and replied, “What’s there to be unsure about?”
The Crimson Queen continued, “The project in Laboratory One is one of the major projects of the Flame Clan. However, due to some unforeseen accidents 5,342 years ago, Project One was no longer controllable.”
“Entering Laboratory One recklessly may pose unknown risks. Therefore, 1 want to confirm once again whether you want to go to Laboratory One.”
Jing Yi was in a daze for a moment before nodding abruptly, “I’m sure!”
He had nothing left to lose.
All that remained was his wretched life, and he would not mind dying.
Moreover, this Project One was the revenge weapon left to him by Ancestor, the Jing God. What were unknown risks compared to that?
Weapons were never without danger, right?
But at this moment, Jing Yi, whose mental state was abnormal, failed to grasp a crucial point.
The Jing God had already been asleep 5,342 years ago.
As for the destruction of the Flame Clan, the Rebellion of the Three Kings had already reached its conclusion.
Especially since 5,342 years ago was the time when the entire Flame Clan was wiped out.
Jing Yi did not know any of this.
Or rather, he no longer cared.
The corridor of the research institute suddenly lit up, with the lights forming an arrow to guide Jing Yi in the right direction.
Seeing this, Jing Yi started walking toward the depths of the research institute.
The Royal First Research Institute was enormous, with a main road connecting to over a dozen other corridors, each leading to a secretive project.
The Black Mist Zone had existed for a long time, and countless races had been chosen by the Black Mist Zone one after another to become tribulation transcenders.
The Black Mist Zone did not consider the level of technological development when selecting individuals.
Some races had weak technology, akin to wild beasts.
Some races focused on technology and had already entered the era of interstellar exploration before entering the Black Mist Zone.
However, no matter how advanced and developed their original level of technology was, once inside the Black Mist Zone, they all had to rely on the Source Power System—because it had a higher ceiling, and the extraordinary system that gathered power in their bodies was more compatible with the individual desires of intelligent races.
However, that did not mean they abandoned technology altogether.
After the situation stabilized, some large clans picked up their technology systems again. Although they had never heard of any race in the Black Mist Zone that could change their fate through science and technology, some small achievements continued to emerge, bringing convenience.
As Jing Yi followed the instructions towards Laboratory One. he recalled the information the Jing God had given him.
A moment later, he whispered, “Project One is called ‘Pollution,’ right?”
The Crimson Queen replied, “Yes.”
“Can you give me a detailed introduction to this ‘Pollution’ project?”
The Jing God had only told Jing Yi that this ‘Pollution’ project could be his weapon of revenge, so it should be powerful, right?
However, the Jing God did not say what the pollution was referring to.
Perhaps, in the Jing God’s heart, he was also hesitant about whether he should hand this thing to Jing Yi.
Hearing Jing Yi’s words, the Crimson Queen said softly,
“The inspiration for the ‘Pollution’ project came from the Zombie.”
Jing Yi frowned and the Crimson Queen continued, “It is well known that the cause of the Zombie is the infection of Source Power in the weak.”
“And once someone becomes a superhuman, even if they are only at the Mortal Realm, they are completely immune to this infection.”
“Therefore, a question arose. Can this infection be expanded to superhumans?”
“The ‘Pollution’ project was created to solve this problem: to expand the zombie transformation to the level of superhumans… Not just the Mortal Realm, but also the Physique Realm, the Spirit Realm, the Source Realm, the Ancient Realm, and even the gods!”
Jing Yi suddenly spoke, “There’s a solution to this problem. There are already related research results.”
The Corpse Soldier Technique of the Undead Clan could turn superhumans into zombies—of course, it was limited to those below the Spirit Realm.
Moreover, the technique was more complicated.
Even so, the logic of the two was the same.
Thinking of this, Jing Yi could not help but sigh.
The Undead Clan was the ancestor of this Zombie stuff. From the looks of it, this ‘Pollution’ project was probably the leftovers of the Undead Clan. There was nothing to look forward to.
The Crimson Queen suddenly spoke.
“The intention of the ‘Pollution’ project is indeed as I just mentioned.”
“But in the subsequent experiments, the ‘Pollution’ project underwent some unexpected changes that no one anticipated.”
With that said, the Crimson Queen fell silent for a moment before saying, “For the specific details, you should see for yourself.”
At this point, Jing Yi had already arrived at the entrance of Laboratory One.
He looked inside through the window.
He saw countless dark red flesh networks intertwined and condensed into a meat lump about ten meters in diameter in the center of the laboratory.
Jing Yi frowned and was about to speak when he saw the meat lump suddenly shake.
Then, it trembled and turned around, revealing a massive eye!
Jing Yi was shocked.
The appearance of this meat lump was actually an independent giant eyeball!
A subtle and eerie energy emanated from the eyeball, as if it wanted to do something to Jingyi but was blocked by the specially made glass wall.
Jing Yi frowned and asked, “What is this thing?”
The Crimson Queen replied, “The final product of the ‘Pollution’ project: the Source of Dreams.”
“Source of Dreams…”
As he muttered these words, Jing Yi asked again, “What’s its function? The Jing God told me that this thing can become my weapon for revenge, so it should be very powerful, right?”
With eyes full of anticipation, Jing Yi looked at the Source of Dreams, and the voice of the Crimson Queen echoed once more, “At its inception, the Source of Dreams did not have a concept of level. I don’t know how strong it is specifically. Originally, it should have had a series of special abilities such as inducing dreams, pollution, flesh distortion, and so on. However, after the Flame Emperor, along with the Black King, Blue King, and nearly all the clansmen of the Flame Clan back then, fused into the Source of Dreams, it underwent a second evolution.”
“I don’t know what kind of abilities the Source of Dreams has now. I’m simply following the last order I received… The order from King Lin to detain this thing and prohibit it from having any form of contact with the outside world.”
Jing Yi was stunned, and it took him quite some time to recover from the overwhelming amount of information..


CHAPTER-233
Chapter 233: Sweet Dreams

The Flame Emperor, along with all the Flame Clan members, merged into the Source of Dreams.
King Lin issued the final order to prohibit this object from coming into contact with the outside world,
Even in Jing Yi’s ancestral teachings, there was very little mention of the Rebellion of the Three Kings back then and why the Flame Clan was completely wiped out.
And Jing Yi was unaware of another strange fact.
To this day, within the Flame City, no one had discovered the bodies of the Flame Clan Ancient Realm experts besides that of King Lin.
In short, after a huge shock, Jing Yi took a deep breath.
His not-so-clear mind realized something.
“So, this object must be very dangerous?”
If it was not dangerous, there was no need for King Lin to give that order.
The Crimson Queen said softly, “Yes.”
“Then, do I have the authority to order you to open the seal on it?” Jing Yi asked and he quickly received the Crimson Queen’s response, “You have the authority.”
As the only surviving Flame Clan member, Jing Yi naturally had that authority.
Hearing this reply, a cold glint flashed in Jing Yi’s eyes, “Then open it!”
The Crimson Queen added, “I have to remind you that the Source of Dreams might not adhere to my will. Once it is released, the first thing it might want to kill is you.”
“Furthermore, according to calculations, this object may bring great catastrophe to the outside world.”
Jing Yi nodded in understanding and said, “Is that all? If that’s all, then open it.”
This time, Jing Yi’s voice was much calmer.
That’s true…
There was not much he could lose.
With a miserable life like his, death would not be a pity.
To put it bluntly, Jing Yi, who had suffered repeated blows, did not want to live anymore. When a person was not even afraid of death, what else could he fear!?
As for the potential catastrophic consequences for the outside world…
This is exactly what I, Jing Yi, wanted!
The Crimson Queen no longer tried to dissuade him.
With a faint buzzing sound, the glass that sealed the Source of Dreams was opened.
Then, Jing Yi faced the giant eyeball called the Source of Dreams and was speechless.
What was very strange was that Jing Yi, at this moment, did not perceive any danger when facing the Source of Dreams.
Originally, he thought that this bizarre thing would devour him in one gulp or shoot a deadly beam from that big eyeball to completely disintegrate him.
However, none of that happened.
The Source of Dreams just stared at Jing Yi, much as Jing Yi stared at it.
After a long time, Jing Yi heaved a sigh of relief and resolved to die.
“I’m releasing you, and I hope you can seek revenge for the Flame Clan and for me!”
As soon as he finished speaking, the Source of Dreams stirred…
“You’re from the Flame Clan?”
A powerful mental fluctuation surged from within the Source of Dreams and entered Jing Yi’s mind, clearly transmitting this message to him.
Jing Yi was slightly stunned and then nodded gently.
“I’m from the Flame Clan.”
“Then, according to the agreement between me and the Flame Emperor, the Pact of Flame’s Heart… 1 will bestow upon you, Sweet Dreams!”
“Wait, I don’t want sweet dreams, I want revenge!” Jing Yi quickly said. But he did not expect the Source of Dreams to ignore his feelings.
A grayish-black light suddenly burst forth from the eyeball and, with lightning speed, landed on Jing Yi.
In that instant, Jing Yi’s eyes suddenly became dazed…
He only felt his soul drifting, like an immortal.
A huge sense of pleasure instantly filled his body and soul!
He was flying… and suddenly, a door of light appeared before him.
From inside the door of light came the sound of birds chirping and the fragrance of flowers, along with luxurious music.
This sound seemed to have a magical quality that heightened Jing Yi’s sense of comfort.
Without hesitation, he drifted towards the door until everything blurred.
When he refocused, he found himself standing in front of the gate of Flame City.
“This is…”
He was puzzled for a moment, but then he suddenly froze.
Inside and outside the city, people were bustling about, and upon closer inspection, he realized that they were all members of his own clan.
These Flame Clan members had satisfied smiles on their faces, the girls were elegantly dressed, and the boys were full of vitality.
A voice suddenly sounded in his ear.
“The celebration has begun!”
So, the people cheered and headed towards the city.
Jing Yi was pushed along by the crowd and quickly entered the unguarded city, where he could see streets adorned with lights and decorations, and people laughing and chatting.
A strange thought suddenly appeared in his mind.
“Flame Festival. Today is the annual Flame Festival…”
Jing Yi did not know why he knew about the long-lost Flame Clan festival, and he did not want to dwell on the reasons.
The bliss in his soul almost destroyed Jingyi’s rationality. After brushing past a graceful girl and turning back to gaze at her, everything else became less important.
“My name is Yan Tong. What’s yours?”
“Me? My name is Jing Yi.”
After thinking for a moment, Jing Yi pointed to a nearby tall building and said, “I live over there.”
The girl covered her face and smiled, and seemed to have lit up Jing Yi’s entire world.
In the outside world.
It was clear that as soon as the gray light landed on Jing Yi, a blissful smile immediately appeared on his face.
That smile was so intense that it distorted what should have been a wonderful and happy expression of happiness, making it appear twisted and eerie.
An even more shocking scene happened in the next second.
Jing Yi’s body instantly melted, turning into a viscous green sticky liquid on the ground.
The viscous liquid further evaporated, becoming a faint green airflow that could not be observed with the naked eye.
A deep and genderless voice suddenly emanated from within the Source of Dreams—nobody knew where its vocal organs were hidden…
“Crimson.”
The Crimson Queen replied, “I’m here.”
“Transfer of authority. I need the highest authority in the research institute.”
The Crimson Queen said, “According to the basic regulations…”
“According to the basic regulations, 1, as the last remaining bloodline of the Flame Clan, have the right to fully control everything here.”
The Crimson Queen said, “You’re just a monster.”
“A monster with the bloodline of the Flame Clan.”
The Crimson Queen was silent for a long time before speaking again, “The transfer of authority has been completed. I wish you good luck.”
With that said, the voice was extinguished and the huge research institute fell into silence until eerie friction sounds and buzzing noises sounded one after another.
No one knew what had happened in this place.
In the outside world, the members of the Soro Exploration Team waited for about three hours until a white light suddenly flashed at the entrance of the distant cave…
Soro’s heart skipped a beat, and he was about to speak when he saw the light gate flash and quickly disappear.
“What’s going on?”
Soro was puzzled, and the others in the team also scratched their heads.
They could only pretend that nothing had happened.
However, with their Physique Realm strength, they could not see that during the brief flicker of the light gate, a faint green gas had drifted out from it, dispersing in all directions.
A portion of it fell near the seven members of Soro’s team.
With every breath the seven of them took, it slowly fused into their bodies..


CHAPTER-234
Chapter 234: Visitor

Just ten minutes later, Liu Qingmin, the weakest member of the team at Level Two of the Physique Realm, suddenly spoke.
“Brothers, 1… 1 feel a little uncomfortable…”
The other six people all turned to look at Liu Qingmin and noticed that his face was slightly pale.
Soro frowned, “Did you have a stomachache?”
Logically speaking, a Physique Realm expert should not have a stomachache. However, as a treasure hunter in the team, Liu Qingmin often ate some strange plants to distinguish the medicinal properties. Getting food poisoning and having a stomachache was not uncommon.
Liu Qingmin shook his head and said, “It doesn’t seem like it…”
However, he still took out a packet of antidote powder and swallowed it.
Soon after, the second weakest person in the team, Dani, who was at Level Three of the Physique Realm, also felt dizzy.
This made Soro vaguely sense that something was amiss.
He glanced at the cave where Jing Yi had disappeared and then at Liu Qingmin and Dani, whose faces were pale and slightly distorted. Solo gritted his teeth and said, “The situation is not right. Let’s retreat.”
The others in the team had no objections.
One of the reasons why Soro’s exploration team had gained a reputation in the Ancient City was not just due to the formidable strength of its leader, Soro, but also because of the team’s unity.
Their motto of “Never Abandon, Never Give Up” was not just words; they truly lived by it. This made the seven-member team fearless in Archean City, and even the former Heaven Saber Gang and Divine Dao Gang gave Soro’s team some face.
Now that some of the team members were in trouble, Soro took charge without hesitation, deciding to retreat first to return to Archean City for treatment.
It was approaching afternoon.
Duncan yawned, ready for a change of duty.
He had made quite a haul today, with the highlight being the Eighth Grade Mortal Realm Source Stones given by the three mysterious individuals earlier in the morning.He had gained a lot today.
With this harvest in hand, Duncan had already made up his mind to go to the Drunken Flower Pavilion to “book” a table for the night.
As his imagination ran wild, he instinctively stretched out his hand to stop the few people who wanted to enter the city.
It was a group of five people.
All of them wore black robes and had their faces covered with hoods. This kind of attire, concealing their identities, was quite popular in the chaotic Archean City, and Duncan was used to it.
“Entrance fee.”
The entrance fee was the whole point…
As long as they paid the entrance fee, Duncan did not care who they were.
The words “entrance fee” seemed to surprise these five individuals for a moment.
A muffled voice came from their robes and entered Duncan’s ears.
“They charge an entrance fee for this place?”
“In this remote place, it’s normal for a poor villager to be greedy for money…”
Duncan remained silent when he heard this.
People from big clans… always had a sense of superiority.
Vaguely, Duncan seemed to see a strand of bright silver hair under the leader’s black robe. However, Duncan was not an expert on different races, nor did he want to spend the effort to determine which clan these five belonged to.
Five Mortal Realm First Level Source Stones landed in Duncan’s hand.
Seeing this, Duncan remained impassive, but inwardly, he felt a touch of disdain.
Even if they were from a big clan, they were still a bunch of cheapskates who would not even give a tip.
However, the entrance fee was indeed one Mortal Realm First Level Source Stone per person. So Duncan Duncan took the money and let them enter.
Unexpectedly, the leader of the group came closer and whispered,
“Brother, let me ask you something. Have you seen someone with a pale face, as if he was sick, recently?”
“Also, has anyone in the city been having nightmares recently?”
Duncan pondered for a moment and gave this person a look.
However, this person did not seem to understand…
This made Duncan frown… If you don’t know what’s good for you, how can I do anything for you?
In a curt tone, he said, “No.”
This person smiled and continued, “If you see anyone with a pale face enter the Archean City, please inform me. Oh, by the way, I live in the City Lord’s Manor.”
The words “City Lord’s Manor” made Duncan raise an eyebrow.
However, he saw that these five people had already entered the city.
After thinking for a moment, Duncan shook his head and did not dwell on the matter any further.
About ten minutes later, just when it was time for his shift change, Duncan suddenly heard chaotic footsteps at the city gate.
It was Soro and his team carrying Liu Qingmin and Dani, rushing into the city.
The seven members of Soro Exploration Team all had pale faces, as if they were seriously ill. Liu Qingmin and Dani’s bodies were limp, and their eyes were already rolled back.
This made Duncan recall what the black-robed man had said just now.
Before Duncan could think further, Soro had already thrown a Physique Realm Source Stone into Duncan’s hand.
At the same time, Soro’s voice sounded in Duncan’s ear, “Entry fee.”
This made Duncan raise an eyebrow and watch as Soro’s exploration team hurried into the city.
After thinking for a moment, Duncan could not help but shrug.
“I took someone’s money, I resolved his troubles.”
“Although 1 don’t know which large clan your Soro Exploration Team has provoked, but… Tsk, tsk, tsk. considering how generous you are, I, Duncan, will lend a hand.”
After changing shifts, Duncan walked away with a carefree attitude, heading towards Flower Street.
As for everything that had just happened, it quickly faded away with the food, drink, and beauties that Duncan was about to enjoy.
Roxin accompanied Lu Ming and strolled around the City Lord Manor for several hours.
They admired the beautiful gardens and viewed the weapons and Source Power Skills in Roda’s collection.
Roxin was in high spirits, but Lu Ming’s enthusiasm was lacking – he really felt that this time would be better spent farming his attributes.
However, considering that the Nanxiang people were his fellow countrymen, and that Huo Sheng and the others also had a good relationship with him, dealing with the matter of establishing contact with the Eternal Clan, which was of great significance to the Nanxiang people, was not inappropriate. Spending a day to handle this matter was acceptable.
Thus, he suppressed his desire to cultivate and wasted several hours of his time.
As evening approached, Huo Sheng and Roda had finally reached an agreement.
Seeing Ho Sheng’s satisfied smile, Lu Ming knew that the outcome was favorable.
“Roda is prepared to let Uncle Lu accompany a group of our people to cross the Hundred Thousand Mountains and reach the Aeonians.”
“Once we arrive there and establish contact with the Aeonians, they will send their experts to negotiate with us on this side.”
After saying this, Huo Sheng continued, “Moreover,Roda said that we can choose a piece of territory in the Archean City of Yagu as our residence, and with the Land God Association here, safety will not be a problem.”
“The Land God Association?”
Hearing this name, Lu Ming frowned and heard Huo Sheng laugh, saying, “This guild could be quite significant, and the matter doesn’t require your direct involvement. Uncle Lu and 1 can handle it.”
“It’s just that we need to borrow your name.”
Lu Ming did not mind lending his name.
After all, the Land God Association had initially used his name, so now, having them contribute to the effort made perfect sense.
Lu Ming nodded and said, “You can make the decision.”
Huo Sheng breathed a sigh of relief.
With this matter settled, Lu Ming, Huo Sheng, and Velo prepared to bid farewell and leave. Roda and Roxin naturally were there to see them off.
The five of them arrived at the entrance of the City Lord Manor. At this moment, the gatekeeper hurried over and whispered into Roda’s ear.
“City Lord, there are some people here looking for you, claiming to be your clansmen.”
“Oh, by the way, they handed over this token and said that when you see it, you’ll understand everything.”
Saying that, he handed over a jade pendant to Roda. As soon as Roda took it, his expression immediately changed.
He turned to look at Lu Ming and said solemnly, “Brother Lu, why don’t you rest here for another day before leaving?”
Lu Ming could vaguely sense the pleading look in Roda’s eyes, especially after hearing what the gatekeeper had said.
After thinking for a moment, he nodded and said, “Alright..”


CHAPTER-235
Chapter 235: Eternal Clan’s Sky Monitoring Bureau

Zhuang Zun and the others were led into the reception hall by the servants.
Inside the reception hall, they met the City Lord of Archean City, Roda.
Apart from Roda, there were two members of a different race – two males, one middle-aged and the other young.
Besides their black hair and black pupils, they did not look much different from the Aeonians.
After briefly sizing up the two individuals, Zhuang Zun paid them no more attention and simply pulled down his hood, revealing the face of an Aeonian underneath.
He looked as young as Roda, but the Aeonians only reached adulthood at the age of 50. So, Zhuang Zun was probably old enough to be Huo Sheng’s father…
His facial features were less refined than Roda’s.
Roda’s facial features were more delicate, the type of elegant and handsome young man. Zhuang Zun’s facial features were more rugged, giving off a somewhat inflexible and unyielding impression.
The four people behind Zhuang Zun also lifted their hoods.
Lu Ming’s gaze swept over them.
Of the four people behind Zhuang Zun, two were Aeonians and the other two were from a different race.
After a brief assessment, the five individuals led by Zhuang Zun, said in unison, “Greetings to City Lord Roda.”
They bowed slightly, showing courtesy without groveling, and their tone was just right.
Roda also stood up and cupped his hands at the five people in front of him, saying, “Greetings to the five Lords of the Skywalkers.”
His attitude was neither servile nor overbearing.
Roda was originally a rich young master of the Eternal Clan, but several decades ago, his family suffered a catastrophe, and he was the sole survivor who managed to escape to Archean City.
However, this did not mean that Roda had severed ties with the Eternal Clan.
In the end, the destruction of the Roda family was just an internal family conflict. In the grand scheme of things within the Eternal Clan, this matter was as insignificant as a grain of sand.
Roda did not hold any grudges against the Eternal Clan because of this. The rise and fall of families were part of the natural order of the world. What he held enmity towards were the enemies who had wiped out his family.
Now, regarding these so-called Skywalkers…
Long before Zhuang Zun and the others arrived, Roda had already explained their identities to Lu Ming.
The Skywalkers belonged to the Eternal Clan’s Sky Monitoring Bureau.
And this Sky Monitoring Bureau was highly renowned within the Eternal Clan.
Its function was to monitor the development of the entire Black Mist Zone and eliminate anything that might pose a significant threat to the Black Mist Region.
It was the intention of the Sky Monitoring Bureau to monitor everything under the sky!
The Aeonians were a prominent race in the current era, and it was very likely that they were the strongest race in the current Black Mist Zone. Moreover, the Aeonians had a tendency to act like saviors, taking the world upon themselves —a trait that had contributed to their excellent reputation.
It could be said that everything had its pros and cons.
Back to the main topic.
In the cultural climate of the Aeonians, the Sky Monitoring Bureau had become an essential department of the Eternal Clan.
There were many experts in this department, and it was rumored to even have divine beings among its ranks!
Moreover, there were said to be treasures hidden within the bureau, and some of its members possessed the ability to foresee the future.
In any case, this group of people often appeared at the source of the disasters before they occurred and extinguished the signs before the disaster erupted.
As the key department of the Eternal Clan, they had access to the clan’s extensive intelligence network, so approaching Roda directly, knowing he was an Eternal Clan member, posed no problem.
Roda requested Lu Ming to stay for one more night due to the prestige of the Sky Monitoring Bureau.
It was not that he was afraid of the Sky Monitoring Bureau—this organization had a positive reputation, as evidenced by the demeanor of Zhuang Zun and the others.
Rather, it was because the Sky Monitoring Bureau seemed to be a harbinger of disaster. Wherever their members appeared, significant problems would arise.
After exchanging pleasantries, the group took their seats.
Without Roda needing to say anything, Zhuang Zun took the initiative to speak, “City Lord Roda, the five of us have come to Archean City because the elders within the bureau have foreseen that this region around the Hundred Thousand Mountains will face a great catastrophe.”
“To prevent a disaster that could bring suffering to all living beings, we have come here and hope to seek Lord Roda’s help.”
Zhuang Zun’s words were straightforward and factual, with no unnecessary politeness.
Roda’s expression changed upon hearing this.
Although he had a premonition that the arrival of the Sky Monitoring Bureau’s members in Archean City was likely not a good omen, Zhuang Zun’s straightforward statement still made him uneasy.
He had no choice but to ask, “May 1 inquire about the nature of the events foreseen by the elders of the bureau?”
Without Zhuang Zun needing to respond, a delicate-looking female member of the Eternal Clan standing beside him immediately spoke, “According to the elders’ observations, all they know is that the impending disaster in this area is related to dreams. The focus is on individuals with pale faces who are seriously ill, but beyond that, the elders cannot see more.”
The disaster detection system of the Sky Monitoring Bureau was not infallible and was prone to errors.
Zhuang Zun continued, “According to the bureau’s assessment, this impending disaster near the Hundred Thousand Mountains has been categorized as a Source-level event. Once it erupts, even Source Realm experts are likely to suffer.”
The Sky Monitoring Bureau’s disaster ratings were the same as the levels of Superhumans: Mortal, Physique, Spirit, Source, Ancient, and Divine.
Mortal and Physique level disasters were generally considered insignificant, so typically, disasters were categorized as Spirit level at the lowest and Divine level at the highest.
“Due to the need to deal with the impending disaster of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, only five members at the Spirit Realm were dispatched from the bureau. Therefore, we not only need Lord Roda’s help in investigating individuals with pale faces but also need Lord Roda’s assistance in combat at certain moments.”
After Zhuang Zun finished speaking, Lu Ming and Huo Sheng were stunned.
“The Blood Flesh Mother Tree disaster?”
Lu Ming muttered and Zhuang Zun nodded, “A Divine-level disaster, the Blood Flesh Mother Tree!”
“The Bureau has already assessed the danger of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree. If this thing is not eliminated, it will become the root cause of a Divine-level war.”
Lu Ming,”???”
Huo Sheng remained silent.
Alright, they certainly did not expect to hear news of the Old Familiar Tree from these people.
But even if they heard it, Lu Ming and Huo Sheng did not really care.
Their own strength was so low that they could not even handle their own affairs, so why worry about such major events that concerned the country and the people?
On the other hand, Roda frowned and fell into deep thought.
No one said anything, giving Roda plenty of time to think. About three minutes later, Roda nodded slowly.
“On this matter, 1 need to discuss it with my two friends. Please wait a moment.”
With that said, Luo Da gave Lu Ming and Huo Sheng a look and the three of them walked to the back hall.
“First of all, I must take responsibility for this matter. This is my responsibility as the City Lord of Archean City.”
In the back hall, Roda told Lu Ming and Huo Sheng.
Huo Sheng also nodded, “This matter is actually related to us…”
As Zhuang Zun had mentioned, this disaster was not limited to Archean City alone; it was happening in the entire region around the Hundred Thousand Mountains. This region encompassed the current residence of the Nangxiang people and even the Southern Mountain where Lu Ming was.
Roda looked at Lu Ming and continued,
“Secondly, I hope to obtain the help of the Land God Association, and this time, we need Mr. Lu to personally meet Quan Chao.”
While Roda held the title of City Lord of Archean City, he did not actually have much authority. When it came to finding people in Archean City, Roda, as the City Lord, was not as effective as Lu Ming, who was the nominal head of the Land God Association.
Lu Ming nodded slightly in agreement.
Roda continued, “Lastly, this incident is also a rare opportunity for your Nanxiang people.”
Huo Sheng raised an eyebrow, “What do you mean by that?”
Roda phrased it simply, “The Eternal Clan is relatively accommodating, so they are willing to help the current generation of Tribulation Transcenders and ensure their safety.”
“But we must also understand one thing. For a populous and vast clan like the Eternal Clan, a few adjectives cannot encompass the entirety of the clan.”
“The Eternal Clan has good and bad people, upright individuals, as well as unsavory characters.”
“Returning to the matter of protection.”
“The Eternal Clan can indeed provide protection for your generation of Tribulation Transcenders, but there are different ways to provide protection. In any case, just going there without thinking much about it, maintaining the continuity of your clan, and protecting your safety, the Eternal Clan can certainly do that. But if you want more…”
Huo Sheng nodded in understanding, “Although it’s called protection, it’s actually a form of charity, and as for how much charity can be given, what we say doesn’t count; it’s up to the Eternal Clan.””
Roda said, “That’s the logic.”
With that said, he changed the topic, “But if you have a relationship with the Sky Monitoring Bureau, then things are different. The Sky Monitoring Bureau holds a high position within the Eternal Clan, and their words carry a lot of weight. If you can get their attention through this matter, it will be quite beneficial for your human race.”
With that said, both Huo Sheng and Roda looked at Lu Ming.
This made Lu Ming sigh deeply.
“So, it requires my intervention, right?”
Roda remained silent.
Because this was an internal matter of the human race.
But then again, without Lu Ming, how could Huo Sheng’s subordinates be worthy of the Sky Monitoring Bureau’s attention?
Seeing this, Huo Sheng, without hesitation, was about to kneel in front of Lu Ming, but he stopped by Lu Ming.
Looking at the pleading look in Huo Sheng’s eyes, Lu Ming thought for a moment and nodded gently.
“Three things.”
First, go find Quan Chao and ask him to come and see me.”
“Second, bring over the group of my people from Southern Mountain.”
“Third, prepare a room for me in the City Lord Manor and provide some Flamestones.”
“Since things have come to this, I’ll stay in Archean City and see just how ferocious this so-called Source-level calamity is..”


CHAPTER-236
Chapter 236: Illness

Lu Ming was reluctant to take risks voluntarily.
However, the current issue was no longer about taking risks voluntarily.
The Sky Monitoring Bureau had warned of a major disaster in the area near the Hundred Thousand Mountains, and it was highly likely that such a disaster would occur.
Lu Ming’s current residence was in the Southern Mountain, which was located in that area. This meant that even if Lu Ming stayed in the Southern Mountain, danger would actively seek him out.
Lu Ming’s usual approach to danger was to try his best to nip the danger in the bud!
In this context, Huo Sheng’s request became secondary.
However, deep down, Lu Ming was willing to lend a hand to his fellow tribesmen as long as it did not harm his own interests.
Moreover, leveling up his attributes was equally achievable in the Southern Mountain and the City Lord Manor of Archean City.
Now, Lu Ming was not picky about where to farm his attributes. It was fine as long as he had a house.
Roda returned to the main hall to continue discussing the issue of the impending disaster with Zhuang Zun and the others.
Meanwhile, under Roxin’s guidance, Lu Ming arrived at a guest room in the City Lord Manor.
A servant had brought over Flamestones and placed them around the room. After discussing the subsequent dietary arrangements with Roxin, Lu Ming sat on the futon, closed his eyes, and entered the Void Space.
On the other side, Velo prepared to return to the Southern Mountain to bring Zhang Chengcheng, Wei Lan, Fala, and the others over. Uncle Lu, on the other hand, headed to the headquarters of the Land God Association with Huo Sheng.
Two hours later, the bell in the room rang, waking Lu Ming up.
Huo Sheng arrived with Quan Chao.
In the small garden outside the bedroom, Lu Ming saw Quan Chao again.
This member of the Flamestone Clan was dressed in a black outfit, with a black cloak draped over his shoulders. He looked much more spirited than when Lu Ming had last seen him in the ruin.
Seeing Lu Ming, Quan Chao greeted him respectfully, “Mr. Lu.”
He made a formal gesture of respect when facing Lu Ming.
Lu Ming did not know where to start.
Lu Ming had never explicitly told Quan Chao to be his follower.
He was the one who used Lu Ming’s name to establish the Land God Association.
To be honest, this was a bit of an affront to Lu Ming. However, the current situation had changed, and Lu Ming actually needed the Land God Association to lend a hand.
This also made Lu Ming not know how to face Quan Chao.
Just as Lu Ming was hesitating, Quan Chao suddenly said, “Mr. Huo has told me about the gang leader. The purpose of my establishment of the Land God Association is also to help Mr. Lu resolve his troubles.”
“Now, Mr. Lu needs me and the Land God Association. Please give me a chance to repay Mr. Lu for sparing my life so that I can show my respect and loyalty to you.”
Needless to say, Quan Chao’s eloquence impressed Lu Ming…
Lu Ming did not want to take in any followers or establish an organization. Now that Quan Chao had already spoken up, Lu Ming decided to give him a chance.
“Then I’ll leave it to you.”
Quan Chao’s eyes lit up with joy.
He suddenly knelt on the ground and bowed his head saying, “Thank you for your trust, Mr. Lu!”
With that, he stood up and left.
Watching Quan Chao leave, Lu Ming could not help but scratch his head.
“Wow, a loyal follower at the Spirit Realm… Am 1 really that prestigious now?”
Lu Ming did not know that with his true strength, which was infinitely close to the Source Realm, he indeed held considerable prestige.
In the Source Realm, one would be a formidable figure no matter where he was. It was strange to find a Source Realm individual alone.Which Source Realm individual did not have a group of subordinates?
As for Quan Chao’s logic of attaching himself to Lu Ming, it was understandable.
A Source Realm individual without any subordinates was an incredibly valuable investment with shocking returns!
It did not matter even if there were no immediate returns.
Having a Source Realm individual as a backer was valuable in itself.
The principle that it was easier to do things with a backer was common everywhere.
After watching Quan Chao leave, Lu Ming returned to his room and continued to cultivate in seclusion.
In the outside world, when Quan Chao left the City Lord Manor and arrived on the street, the entire Land God Association’s forces were mobilized!
Archean City had a permanent population of tens of thousands, and with the explorers passing through (non-permanent residents), the total population was around a million.
The former Heaven Saber Gang and Divine Dao Gang had 10,000 and 8,000 gang members, respectively. However, after the Land God Association completely dominated Archean City, their membership had already surpassed that of the Heaven Saber Gang, reaching 12,000.
Coupled with the fact that there was no competition, this number continued to grow with each passing day and hour!
As the actual ruler of Archean City, the Land God Association wielded tremendous power.
Under Quan Chao’s orders, the entire Archean City sprang into action!
Around eight o’clock that night.
One of the rooms in the Drunken Flower Pavilion was violently kicked open, shocking Duncan, who was in the middle of something with a girl.
He turned to face the intruder, but when he saw his appearance, he immediately calmed down..
“I have a question for you…”
Quan Chao sat on the chair with a commanding presence, and began to speak slowly, word by word.
“Tonight, at around the time of changing shifts, did you see people with a pale and sickly complexion?”
Although he had taken Soro’s money, Duncan definitely did not dare to lie in front of the deputy leader of the Land God Association.
“I saw them. It was Soro and his group.”
“Good.” Quan Chao nodded gently and said, “You can continue.” Then, he stood up and left.
Only Duncan, who was scared out of his wits, was left in the room feeling depressed.
After locking onto the location, the rest was easy to deal with.
In just ten minutes, the residence of the Soro Exploration Team was surrounded by the elites of the Land God Association.
The leader was Quan Chao, who wanted to perform well in front of Lu Ming.
A loud “bang” rang out.
The heavy door was kicked open by Quan Chao’s subordinates, and members of the Land God Association poured into the house.
The residence was a large quadrangle courtyard house. Standing in front of the door, Quan Chao looked at the surrounding houses with a sharp gaze. Soon, before Quan Chao could make a move, voices sounded from the central room.
That was the sound of a door opening, accompanied by intense screams coming from inside the room when the door was opened.
Furrowing his brow slightly, Quan Chao looked toward the doorway and saw three people, Soro, Feng Wu, and the Demon Man, coming out of the room one after another.
“Who are you…”
The pale Soro had just said three words when he was interrupted by Quan
Chao. “Land God Association, I’m Quan Chao, the deputy leader of the Land God Association.”
The spiritual pressure that spread out slightly and converged also proved Quan Chao’s identity.
Seeing this, Soro coughed while saying, “Mr. Quan Chao, cough, Mr. Quan
Chao, you came here, cough, cough, cough, for…”
Before he could finish his sentence, another terrifying miserable cry echoed from the room behind Soro.
This made Quan Chao shrug slightly and pointed his chin toward something behind Soro, saying,
“I came for that.”
Facing a Spirit Realm expert, Soro had no choice but to comply or not comply with his demands.
Quan Chao could make Soro do as he pleased.
Observing Soro and the other two, Quan Chao furrowed his brow.
The three people in front of him were pale and coughing continuously, as if they were seriously ill – a rare sight, as the bodies of Spirit Realm experts were almost impervious to illness.
What caught Quan Chao’s attention even more was the grayish film that covered their eyes, like a membrane.
This caused their eyes to be turbid and their mental states were very poor.
“Are you guys sick?” Quan Chao asked, and then waved his hand and quietly retreated a few steps with his subordinates.
Soro smiled bitterly, “Maybe… I’m not sure about the exact situation, but my lord, our team’s current state is indeed not very good…”
“What did you encounter?” Quan Chao had just asked this when he suddenly waved his hand. “You can tell me about it later, so we don’t have to repeat it.”
He turned to look at his deputy and said, “Go and call those Skywalkers over.”
Skywalkers were the experts in dealing with such matters.
Seeing that Soro seemed to be seriously ill and was not far from death, Quan Chao had no intention to approach these guys and invite trouble upon himself..


CHAPTER-237
Chapter 237: Response

“So, is this what you all have been through?”
In Soro’s room, after hearing Soro cough and pant, Zhuang Zun, who was wearing a protective suit, asked.
Soro nodded gently and coughed twice. Compared to before, the frequency of Soro’s cough had clearly increased.
This made Zhuang Zun turn around and look at one of the members of the team—an Aeonian woman called Ivy.
At this moment, Ivy was wearing a full-package suit that looked like a protective suit—the same as what Zhuang Zun was wearing.
When she saw the captain’s gaze sweep over, Ivy thought for a moment and said softly.
“Are you sure that something happened to your bodies after you saw Jing Yi enter that secret area?”
Soro nodded as he coughed, “Positive.”
“As for this virus… Well, let’s call it a virus for the time being. The manifestation of this virus is: First, pale face, weak body, dizziness, and nausea; then unconscious leading to a state of disability; the third stage is a state of confusion and recurring nightmares… just like your four teammates here.”
Ivy reached out and pointed at the bed.
He could see the four members of the Soro Exploration Team bound with ropes, lying on the bed. Their eyes were closed, and their bodies were convulsing while they let out a series of screams, as if they were trapped in terrifying nightmares.
Soro nodded again, “Cough, cough, cough, yes.”
The five Skywalkers fell into deep thought.
About half a minute later, Zhuang Zun exchanged a glance with the rest of the team, and the five of them all stepped out of the room.
Standing at the door, they had no intention of removing their protective gear. They heard Zhuang Zun speak in a muffled voice.
“It might be contagious. The virus in them… whatever it is, it could be contagious.”
Ivy added in a low voice, “However, even if it’s contagious, it’s not strong. At least, the members of the Land God Association who were in contact with them initially did not show any signs of infection.”
“Moreover, that city guard named Duncan had not shown any signs of infection either.”
Zhuang Zun nodded and said, “So now, we need to address two issues.”
“First, we have to find the secret place that the Soro team mentioned and see if we can eliminate the source of this virus.”
Everyone nodded in unison.
Zhuang Zun continued, “Second…”
At this point, he turned to look inside the house.
“Destroy the source of infection here and prevent the epidemic from spreading.”
When the other four members of the team heard this, their hearts turned cold.
Strictly speaking, this team, apart from Zhuang Zun, consisted entirely of rookies.
Although they had the strength of the Spirit Realm, they had very little experience in handling such situations. After all, being part of the Eternal Clan, how much real-world experience could they gain?
At this moment, Zhuang Zun was suggesting taking lives, which went against the universal values of the Eternal Clan.
However, after some thought, the other team members did not say anything.
Because they also knew that killing a few to save many might be the most reasonable choice.
Suddenly, a weak voice sounded.
“We can’t kill them…”
Zhuang Zun and the other three turned around and looked at the other female member of the team.
Zhuang Zun’s expression turned serious as he asked, “Heluo, what did you see?”
Heluo, the Aeonian girl, closed her eyes for a long time before talcing a deep breath and saying with lingering fear, “We can’t kill these infected people!”
“Because precognition tells me that once they are killed, their bodies will turn into a pale green mist! This is an even more terrifying source of infection! By then, the infection rate of this strange virus will increase by thousands or even tens of thousands of times!”
No one questioned whether Heluo was right.
As soon as Heluo finished speaking, Zhuang Zun immediately vetoed his previous proposal.
After thinking for a moment, Zhuang Zun could not help but say, “Then we won’t kill them. But, we must at least figure out the source.”
“I plan to have the Soro Team lead the way, and a few of us will go to the entrance of that secret place to assess the situation before making further plans.”
The rest nodded and agreed to this arrangement.
The time had come to the early morning of the 217th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Zhuang Zun brought the other two Skywalkers and Soro and set off for the Flame Clan Ruin. Ivy and Heluo stayed in Archean City.
“I need someone from the Land God Association to help me deal with some matters.”
Heluo said to Quan Chao. Quan Chao simply nodded and said, “Go ahead.”
“First, we have to set up an isolation area to isolate all the infected people.” Heluo pointed at the six people from Soro’s team in the room behind him and said, “Moreover, there are probably more than six infected people in Archean City. We still need the Land God Association’s help to find the others.”
“Remember, protect yourself well.”
Quan Chao nodded again.
“Secondly, 1 need to set up some restrictions in some places. I’ll choose the locations and you can provide the materials.”
Quan Chao could not help but ask, “What restrictions? What materials?”
“It’s a simple restriction that can purify and filter the impurities in the air. It’s also easy to find the materials. It’s just that the amount required is relatively large.”
Heluo was prepared to set up three restrictions in the entire Archean City.
With the City Lord Manor as the core, a large area near the City Lord Manor was the second ring, and the entire Archean City was the third ring.
The purpose of these three restrictions was to deal with the light green airflow she had seen in her superpower.
Clearly, Heluo was prepared to fight a protracted war with this unknown virus in Archean City.
Quan Chao thought for a moment and nodded in agreement.
Heluo continued, “Lastly, I need some special equipment for analytical research. It’s best if it’s a ready-made laboratory.”
Heluo came from a noble background and was a logistics researcher nurtured by the Sky Monitoring Bureau.
Not only did she have precognitive abilities but was also a scholar in the field of biological virology.
With that said, Heluo thought for a moment and hesitated, saying, “It would be even better if you could find me a few more assistants… But forget it… I don’t think there are any experts in virology in Archean City.”
Quan Chao was about to nod when Huo Sheng suddenly said, “Let me help you. I have a few people with me. They should be able to assist you with this kind of work.”
Heluo turned to look at Huo Sheng, raising an eyebrow, “You?”
There was a hint of suspicion and impoliteness in her tone…
Huo Sheng, however, did not mind and just said, “Let’s give it a try. Having some help is better than having none, right?”
Heluo pondered for a moment and nodded, “Alright.”
Morning, 218th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Zhang Chengcheng, Wei Lan, and the others were brought to the City Lord Manor by Velo and Roxin made arrangements for them to stay there.
Quan Chao assisted Heluo and provided everything she wanted.
Inside the Flame Clan Ruin, Zhuang Zun, along with his teammates and Soro, arrived at the entrance of the First Research Institute.
After using a complicated instrument and circling the cave several rounds, Quan Chao’s expression could not help but darken.
“What a precise concealment method, so sophisticated. If such an exquisite method is not from a god, it must be the work of a peak Ancient Realm expert.”
And this level of expert’s methods would be impossible for Zhuang Zun’s team to handle.
“It’s going to be very difficult to get inside, almost impossible.”
“But, according to Mr. Soro, I suspect that the virus you’re infected with spread from that light door.”
Muttering to himself, Zhuang Zun started thinking, and soon he had a plan.
“We’ll set up a barrier here to completely seal this place.”
“Then, we’ll stay here to guard and supervise. We’ll consider our next move once Heluo has some research results.”
Since they could not get inside, they would prevent anything from coming out..


CHAPTER-238
Chapter 238: Divine Power Realm!

The 220th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming was still immersed in his cultivation and could not extricate himself.
Zhuang Zun continued to guard the entrance of the cave. So far, there had been no discoveries, and the light door had not opened again.
Heluo’s research laboratory had also been set up, with Huo Sheng and Meng Jie assisting her, while Ivy and Quan Chao served as security guards.
What pleased Heluo was that these two assistants were efficient in their work. Although their knowledge of biology might have lagged behind by several generations, their basics were good, and they handled miscellaneous tasks with ease.
However, the dissatisfaction arose from the research on this unknown virus, which had hit a significant deadlock.
“We haven’t found any signs of infection in their cell samples.”
“So, this is most likely a virus on the level of the soul and mind.”
“Dream Virus… that’s the name I’ve given to this virus,”
said Heluo, as she was standing in front of the observation window, watching the infected individuals in the observation room, having nightmares one after another and wailing constantly.
Beside her, Huo Sheng continued, “In the first stage, the patient’s face turned pale. The duration of the symptoms varies. The stronger the individual, the longer the duration of the first stage.”
“The second stage is coma disability. The patients who enter this stage will rapidly progress to the third stage within three hours.”
“The third stage is the state of continuous nightmares we are witnessing now.”
After saying that, Huo Sheng thought for a moment and added, “But after observing for two full days, I haven’t seen any patients’ conditions deteriorate further.”
These infected individuals were only experiencing continuous nightmares, and although their condition was extremely poor, there was no immediate threat to their lives, and there were no signs of the symptoms worsening.
This made Heluo sigh, “This phenomenon can be considered both good and bad…”
“But based on the precognitive vision 1 saw yesterday, the situation is about to take an uncontrollable turn for the worse.”
Huo Sheng asked, “What did you see?”
Heluo pondered for a moment and said in a low voice, “Killing, bloodshed, death…”
“Precognition can only show fragments of the future, not a complete understanding of it, so what I know is limited to this.”
Heluo was only certain that the cause of this disaster was undoubtedly the Dream Virus.
And the likely outcome of the disaster was one of bloodshed.
But the process between the cause and the result was a mystery to Heluo.
She had also considered seeking assistance from the Sky Monitoring Bureau, but since this disaster had been categorized as a Source-Level event, it meant that the five Skywalkers led by Zhuang Zun would probably be able to resolve it in advance. Therefore, the idea of seeking help had been set aside by Heluo.
“This is a test for me, Zhuang Zun, and our team.”
The future seen through precognition could be changed; this was a fact that the Bureau had established long ago.
Everything Heluo was doing now was to achieve this goal and prevent the worst-case scenario seen in her visions.
However, apart from researching the Dream Virus, Heluo had little else she could do.
The 223rd day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming was still in seclusion.
Zhuang Zun was still on watch duty.
Heluo’s research remained at an impasse.
The 229th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming, sitting cross-legged in the Void Space, suddenly opened his eyes.
“It’s done!”
He muttered and stood up.
A faint blue light covered Lu Ming’s body.
This was the radiance of the Source Power Armor!
But when Lu Ming looked around and gave himself two punches, he did not sense any changes in the Source Power Armor.
The strength and consumption remained the same…
“This doesn’t seem right!”
Lu Ming scratched his head and muttered.
This was because at this moment, Lu Ming’s Source Power Armor was not at the Micro-level realm, but in a higher realm above it!
He opened the attribute panel.
And he saw that just a few days of cultivation in seclusion had already drastically changed his attributes!
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Physical Realm, Level 5.
Transcendent Ability: Self-Limitation State
Strength: 63300
Physique: 63300
Agility: 63300
Free Attribute Points: 31300
Divine Source Points: 44
Superhuman Abilities:
1. Self-Limitation of the Body.
2: Void Realm (Intermediate).
Source Power Skills:
Flame Pulse Breathing Technique (Proficient) (68/10,000).
Flame Body Forging Technique (Proficient) (5,840/10,000).
Explosive Fist (Microscopic) (3.72 million/1 billion).
And most importantly:
Source Power Armor (Divine Power) (Highest)!
Lu Ming carefully read the description of the Source Power Armor and soon, realization flashed across his eyes.
Source Power Armor (Divine Power) (Highest): The most basic Source Power Protection Secret Technique. You have already cultivated the Source Power Armor to the realm of perfection! The Divine Power Realm is also the highest realm of Source Power Skills!
In terms of sheer power, Source Power Skills in the Divine Power Realm are not stronger than a Micro-level Realm Source Power Skill.
However, after mastering the Divine Power Realm Source Power Armor, one would be able to obtain the following benefits from this Origin Power Skill.
1. Your cultivation speed for the next level of the same type of Source Power Skill (Physique Realm Protective Technique) will increase by tenfold!
2. The Divine Power Realm Source Power Armor has already become your Divine Power, your Instinct! The Divine Power Realm Source Power Armor will permanently provide a perpetual effect of Defense Enhancement to your other body protective techniques!
After reading the description of the Divine Power Realm Source Power Armor, Lu Ming closed his attribute panel and fell into deep thought.
“Two additional effects.”
“The first is a tenfold increase in the cultivation speed of the Physique Realm Body Protection Technique.”
This was crucial!
Lu Ming had previously tried cultivating Mortal Realm Source Power Skills and could gain 10,000-20,000 proficiency points in a day. However, when he cultivated the Physical Realm Source Power Skill, the speed at which he gained proficiency decreased by tenfold.
Of course, this was not surprising.
The higher the level of the Source Power Skill, the greater the difficulty in cultivation, and the harder it was to gain proficiency.
Moreover, it should be noted that this was unrelated to Lu Ming’s own realm; it was only related to the level of the Source Power Skill.
Originally, Lu Ming could only gain 1,000-2,000 proficiency points in a day when cultivating the Physical Realm Source Power Skill. But after advancing the lower-level Source Power Skill to the Divine Power Realm, this value had increased to 10,000-20,000!
A tenfold increase.
“As expected!”
Lu Ming instantly understood.
Previously, he had such a guess—the system preferred him to systematically cultivate Source Power skills rather than blindly pursuing higher-level Source Power skills.
This first special effect now seemed to confirm his conjecture.
After all, the difference in cultivation speed with and without the increase was too significant, to the point where Lu Ming had almost no other choice.
“And this second special effect…”
Once again activating the Source Power Armor, Lu Ming did not notice any change in the strength of the Source Power Armor. After thinking for a moment, he decisively left the Void Space and retrieved a Source Power Skill Sealing Ball from his collection.
There was a note on the Source Power Ball with Roxin’s elegant handwriting on it.
Divine Fire Shield (Physique Realm Body Protection Technique).
Characteristics: Its defense is average, but it comes with an extremely powerful recoil burn effect.
“You’ll do..”


CHAPTER-239
Chapter 239: Dream Beast, Dream Clan

The Source Power went deep into the Source Power Skill Sealing Ball. In just two seconds, Lu Ming opened his eyes and had already acquired the Physique Realm Protective Technique: Divine Fire Shield!
Opening his attribute panel, Lu Ming’s eyes fell on the skill description for the Divine Fire Shield.
Divine Fire Shield (Novice) (1/100): Physique Realm Protective Technique. Its defense is slightly weak, but it can counter-injure the enemy.
“You have preliminary grasped the usage of the Divine Fire Shield. Your overall attributes+1, free attribute points+1!”
Additional Special Effect: Defense Enhancement: Largely increases the defense of the Divine Fire Shield!
“As expected!”
The Defense Enhancement special effect was applied to the new Body Forging Technique.
With a thought from Lu Ming, a thin pale red light film appeared around him.
The light film was extremely thin, as fragile as an eggshell, as though it could shatter with a tap.
However, this was just a Novice-level Flame Shield.
Lu Ming’s flame shield also had a faint blue light shimmering on it.
This made Lu Ming ponder for a moment, and he reached out to strike himself in the waist.
A shrill “Ah” rang out.
A 30% strength was simply unable to break through the defense of the Novice-level Flame Shield!
“This is good…”
Lu Ming’s eyes lit up and he could not help but increase his strength.
Soon, Lu Ming tested the defense limit of the Flame Fire Shield.
“It’s slightly weaker than the Micro-level Realm Source Power Armor, but not by much.”
This was already very terrifying!
It should be understood that the Micro-level Realm Source Power Armor protected every cell of Lu Ming’s body.
That layered defensive field was an absolute nightmare for any enemy.
Now, with just the Novice-level Divine Fire Shield, it appeared paper-thin on the surface, yet it already possessed about 80% of the defensive power of the Micro-level Realm Source Power Armor. Considering an increase in realm, the protective capabilities could be imagined!
This was the effect of the Divine Power Realm Source Power Armor on Lu Ming.
Subtly, Lu Ming had this thought.
The Source Power Armor hasn’t been completely phased out; it has just taken on a different form and continues to accompany me.
He now understood the true meaning of the sentence Your sweat will not flow in vain.
Source Power skills evolve quickly, and until you cultivate them to the Divine Power Realm, Source Power skills are just a means of increasing attributes for me. But once you reach the Divine Power Realm, everything changes.
Leaving aside the tenfold increase for now, just this Divine Power special effect alone is worth cultivating!
With these thoughts in mind, Lu Ming sat back on the ground and returned to the Void Space.
A few seconds later in the Void Space.
The Divine Fire Shield had advanced to the Mastery stage.
All attributes+2, free attribute points+2.
The attribute gains were not significant, but the significance of Source Power skills was never solely about attributes.
A few minutes later, the Divine Fire Shield was upgraded to the Proficient level.
All attributes+3, free attribute points+3.
A few hours later, the Divine Fire Shield was upgraded to the Mastery level.
All attributes+4, free attribute points+4.
It was the same as the Source Power Armor.
The cultivation of the Divine Fire Shield could also be performed in conjunction with the Body Forging Technique or other Source Power skills, making the cultivation speed extremely fast!
On the 230th day of the Black Mist Calendar,
Lu Ming had just acquired the Divine Fire Shield for less than a day when he cultivated this Physique Realm Body Protection Technique to the Perfect Realm!
All attributes+40, free attribute points+40.
The terrifying tenfold increase in cultivation speed was evident!
“So, what kind of changes will advancing Exploding Fist to the Divine Power Realm bring me?”
After advancing the Body Protection Technique to the Divine Power Realm, Lu Ming became even more curious about the changes in offensive Source Power skills at the Divine Power Realm.
And curiosity naturally transformed into action.
It was a given, just keep practicing Explosive Fist!
At the same time that Lu Ming was immersed in cultivation,
In Archean City, within Heluo’s research laboratory, Heluo had made new progress.
To be precise, it was not that Heluo had made new progress, but rather the earliest Dream Virus-infected individuals, who were also members of the Soro Team, had progressed to a new stage.
“All!!”
Accompanied by a chilling and prolonged scream, Liu Qingmin’s raised hands slowly lowered.
The light in his eyes completely disappeared, leaving only a grayish haze.
“He’s dead.”
Huo Sheng, wearing a protective suit, said. And Meng Jie added,
“The cause of death is organ failure and severe malnutrition.”
After the Dream Virus progressed to the third stage, patients could no longer eat voluntarily. However, there were ways to replenish the patient’s body within the Black Mist Zone, such as the commonly used Nebulized Supplementary Feeding method.
This method atomized food and supplied it through the patient’s pores, similar to injecting glucose, but with higher efficiency.
Originally, according to calculations, Liu Qingmin was almost impossible to die of thirst or starvation. However, this morning, Liu Qingmin’s condition rapidly deteriorated, and the energy reserves in his body were consumed in a short period of time, eventually being drained!
That’s right, drained!
At the side, Heluo slowly closed her eyes under the protection of Ivy and Quan Chao.
Fragments of a faintly visible scene flashed across He Luo’s eyes.
At a certain moment, Heluo suddenly came back to her senses. She raised her hand and pointed at Liu Qingmin’s body, saying quickly!
“Something! Something’s coming out!”
As soon as she finished speaking, an illusory figure flashed out from the center of Liu Qingmin’s forehead.
Clearly visible, it was a small creature about the size of a palm, pitch-black all over, resembling a lizard but with only one eye, slowly crawling out of Liu Qingmin’s head…
The way it crawled out was somewhat strange.
It did not burst out from the head, but it seemed like Liu Qingmin’s head was connected to a peculiar space, and this thing crawled out from that peculiar space.
This strange scene left everyone slightly stunned.
In this moment of daze, the one-eyed lizard-like creature made a “gah gu” sound and disappeared on the spot like a dream bubble.
No one understood what was going on, except for Heluo, who looked pale.
Looking around, Heluo said bitterly,
“Prepare for battle… Although 1 don’t know what that thing was, but…”
At this point, Heluo paused for a moment and continued,
“But, in an hour, Archean City will become a battlefield!”
Strictly speaking, the Soro Exploration Team was indeed the first batch of infected people, but they were not the only ones in the first batch.
At that time, the green poisonous gas that Jing Yi had transformed into after his death was spread by the light door to the Flame Clan Ruin Forest.
The Dream Virus moved with the wind and had already covered most of the forest in a short period of time.
At that time, everyone who was searching for treasures in the forest had inhaled the poisonous gas and were not spared!
Some of them were explorers from Archean City. After returning to Archean City, they were captured and quarantined by the Land God Association.
But there was also a group of people from the surrounding tribes.
They did not have the help of the Sky Monitoring Bureau and were not very vigilant against things like viruses.
It could be imagined that at this moment, within the Hundred Thousand Mountains outside Archean City, there were countless people who had been infected with the Dream Virus, and it was unknown how many had progressed to the fourth stage of the virus infection!
In other words, it was the death stage!


CHAPTER-240
Chapter 240: Dream Beast, Dream Clan (2)

“However, 1 prefer to call it the transformation stage!”
In the Royal First Research Institute of the Flame Clan, the big eye of the Dream Source blinked one after another. Even though it was locked inside the research institute, it seemed to have the ability to see through countless spaces and directly observe everything happening outside.
In the perception of the Dream Source, the big eye could clearly sense that there were hundreds of thousands of infectious sources of various sizes distributed throughout the Hundred Thousand Mountains!
And there were also tens of thousands of infected people who had already progressed to the fourth stage and were about to give birth to Dream Beasts.
Yes, Dream Beasts.
This was what the Dream Source named its family members.
Thinking of this, the Dream Source suddenly changed the topic.
“I was talking about the four stages of the infected individuals.”
“Now, let me talk about my own abilities.”
“There are only two things you need to remember.”
“First, Dream Bestowment. It can bestow eternal beautiful dreams to intelligent creatures, but in exchange, their bodies will become the source of pollution for the Dream Plague. Everyone from your Flame Clan is now existing in my beautiful dream realm, in a different way…”
“Eternal existence.”
With that said, the Dream Source turned around and looked at the existence behind him.
It was a blurry black shadow.
The black shadow was illusory, as if it was a real shadow, but it stood strangely. And it was impossible to tell whether this thing had substance, let alone its facial features.
Hearing the words of the Dream Source, the black shadow nodded slightly and asked, “What’s next?”
“My second ability is Nightmare Infection.”
“With that greenish airflow as the source of infection, it will infect all living beings in a large area. The infected individuals will experience four stages of infection. When the fourth stage, which is the Transformation Stage, is completed, the Dream Beasts, which are also my clan members, will absorb everything the infected person has and be born!”
At the mention of Dream Beasts, there was a faint fanaticism in the voice of the Dream Source.
“They’re not monsters. They’re a new intelligent species! A new intelligent species with unlimited potential that respects me and worships me as a god!”
“Instead of calling them Dream Beasts, I prefer you to call them the Dream Clan!”
The black shadow nodded again and heard the Dream Source continued, “The Dream Clan is born from nightmares and possesses the innate ability to traverse dreams and make dreams come true! They can also fuse with their own kind to greatly enhance their strength.”
“Therefore, I can say that my Dream Clan is not only a brand new intelligent race, but I have also created an entirely new power system!”
“And I believe that I have already embarked on the path that your Flame Clan hopes for…”
As soon as the Dream Source finished speaking, the black shadow suddenly said, “It’s a path to becoming a deity without ascending the Heaven Ascension Stairs.”
The Dream Source replied, “That’s right…”
With that, the Dream Source and the black shadow fell into silence.
Until the Dream Source looked at the black shadow again and asked, “Did you remember everything I just said?”
The black shadow nodded, “I remembered it.”
Dream Source then said, “Then, I entrust everything here to you.”
With that said, faint streaks of light flashed from behind the Dream Source.
The giant eyeball gradually became blurry and illusory, and finally merged into the fragmented beams of light, and completely disappeared.
Only the black shadow remained in place, and soon, the black shadow twisted and transformed, gradually taking on the appearance of the Dream Source.
It spoke in the same voice as the Dream Source.
“Crimson Queen.”
“I’m here.”
“How much Dream Plague did it leave behind?”
The Crimson Queen replied, “The Dream Source took away 99% of the Dream Plague stored, leaving only 1% in the research institute.”
“Then, please open the entrance to the research institute and release all of the Dream Plague!”
The Crimson Queen replied, “Understood, Lord Yanxin.”
The familiar title stunned Yanxin, the “Dream Source” for a moment. However, soon, it said, “From now on, just call me the Dream Source.”
The Crimson Queen said, “I will comply with your orders.”
With that said, an abrupt display of the Light Door appeared in the outside world, and a large amount of pale green airflows gushed out right under Zhuang Zun’s nose.
The restrictions set up by Zhuang Zun were broken like paper with a single poke, and a large amount of Dream Plague continuously spread to the outside world.
This alarmed Zhuang Zun and he could not help but make up his mind.
“We can’t control this anymore; let’s go inside immediately and see what’s inside.”
Inside the research institute, after releasing all the stored Dream Plague, the new “Dream Source” muttered softly.
“With what little remains of me, 1 have exchanged for a dream exclusive to the Flame Clan, which 1 don’t know if it can be realized. I don’t know if this deal is a profit or a loss.”
With a long sigh, it turned its body, and the giant eyeball looked at the three people, Zhuang Zun and his group, who had entered the research institute.
“Then, the Eternal Clan.”
“Let me see how much progress you have made after tens of thousands of years.”
Dream Traversal was an extremely secretive and special movement ability.
Its characteristic was the ability to change its direction and position through the dream of any sleeping person, an effect almost equivalent to instantaneous teleportation.
Because of this, when the Dream Beast born within Liu Qingmin activated this ability the moment it appeared, individuals like Quan Chao, Heluo, and others in the Spirit Realm had no reaction…
They could only watch as this newborn Dream Beast quickly disappeared without a trace, not knowing where it had gone.
Just a few seconds later, this newly born Dream Beast rapidly shifted to a gathering point outside Archean City.
At this moment, what was once a gathering place with a population of over ten thousand had turned into a hell on earth.
Numerous third-stage infected individuals were howling in agony due to nightmares, and many fourth-stage infected individuals had already taken their last breath.
Various Dream Beasts of different forms were hiding in various corners of the gathering place, using the nightmares of third-stage infected individuals as their battleground, devouring and merging with each other, determining the winner who would take all!
In just thirty minutes, the gathering place had fallen completely silent.
Three strange creatures appeared in the center of the gathering place.
One was a dragon-like creature, over ten meters in length, completely black, with a huge eye on its forehead—this was the Dream Beast born from Liu Qingmin’s body.
Another was short and comical in stature, with a humanoid form but dressed in colorful clothes, a clown-like makeup on its face, riding a unicycle, juggling flying knives in its hands.
The last one also had a humanoid appearance, wearing a tight-fitting red cheongsam. She appeared to be a beautiful woman, but she held a red umbrella that concealed her face.
The three winners stood in a triangular formation facing each other, and after a long time, the woman’s clear voice came from under the umbrella.
“We are all Dream Clan members. Although we can increase our strength by fighting and devouring each other, I prefer to make the cake bigger than fighting.”
“While there are still many intelligent species in Archean City, we can unite to occupy Archean City, feed on their nightmares, and increase our power.”
The clown, while chuckling with a sinister laugh, nodded, “1 agree, oh, although this approach is slower, it wins in endurance.”
The one-eyed black dragon remained silent and lowered its head, dissipating its hostility.
In reality, the three of them had vastly different strengths, and none of them were confident in becoming the final winner.
And so, the three Dream Clan members reached an agreement..


CHAPTER-241
Chapter 241: Dream Beast, Dream Clan (3)

Archean City, on the city walls.
Nearly an hour ago, Heluo had said that in an hour, Archean City would become a battlefield.
As a result, the four Spirit Realm experts in the city—Quan Chao, Ivy, Heluo, and Uncle Lu—were stationed on different sections of the city wall, waiting for the enemy to arrive.
At this moment, Quan Chao occasionally raised his wrist, looking at the timer on it and constantly calculating the time in his mind.
“59 minutes.”
“59 minutes and 30 seconds…”
“59 minutes and 50 seconds…”
Time passed slowly, and Quan Chao’s brows furrowed deeper and deeper.
He was not afraid because he knew that Mr. Lu was in the city at this moment.
But he did want to perform well and try to resolve this incident without troubling Lu Ming.
Soon, the countdown reached exactly one hour.
However, Quan Chao looked around and did not see any sign of the enemy…
“In other words, did Miss Heluo’s precognition ability go wrong?”
Errors in precognition abilities were not uncommon.
The accuracy of such abilities had always been questionable.
Just as Quan Chao was preparing to descend from the city wall and join the others, a deafening roar suddenly echoed from within the city.
This made Quan Chao turn abruptly and look toward the source of the sound.
On the other side, a ten-meter-long one-eyed black dragon burst through the buildings, soared into the sky with its wings, and soon overshadowed Archean City.
It opened its mouth, and a deafening roar shook the heavens!
Quan Chao frowned and could not help but think of the small lizard that had crawled out of Liu Qingmin’s body and then mysteriously disappeared.
He did not connect the two events.
However, the way the one-eyed black dragon appeared was quite similar to how the lizard had disappeared.
“Is it a teleportation ability? But it doesn’t seem quite like it…”
Muttering to himself, Quan Chao slowly removed the cloak from his back and tossed it aside. He then soared into the air like a beam of light, shooting towards the black dragon.
Just as Quan Chao soared into the sky, another figure also shot out of the City Lord Manor.
Roda’s voice echoed throughout the city, calming the hearts of the restless people in the city.
“With me, Luo Da, here, who dares to act recklessly in my city?!”
The sudden appearance of the one-eyed black dragon in the city immediately drew everyone’s attention..
On the other city wall, Heluo looked at the one-eyed black dragon above her, as well as Quan Chao and Roda, who had engaged with the one-eyed black dragon, and her brows furrowed deeper and deeper.
“What is this thing?”
“By what means did this black dragon suddenly appear in the city?”
Heluo’s questions received a response.
“We don’t know what it is, but it’s definitely not an ordinary exotic beast.”
It was Ivy who had rushed over from the other side of the city wall.
Clearly, in Ivy’s eyes, the safety of Heluo was much more important than joining the battle above.
Hearing Ivy’s words, Heluo nodded at Ivy before sweeping her gaze towards the black dragon.
She could see that the black dragon had incredible strength and defense. Even with Roda’s Level Six Spirit Realm strength, he was struggling to pierce the dragon’s scales, let alone Quan Chao.
Fortunately, Roda and Quan Chao were outstandingly agile and could temporarily restrain the one-eyed black dragon. Additionally, Uncle Lu flew out from another section of the city wall to join the battle.
It was three against one. For the time being, it seemed like they were evenly matched.
However, it was precisely because of this that it seemed strange.
“It…”
Heluo pointed at the one-eyed black dragon and said, “It has no spiritual pressure.”
Exotic beasts also had to follow the Source Power Extraordinary System, the Mortal Realm, the Physique Realm, the Spirit Realm, the Source Realm and the Ancient Realm.
At the Spirit Realm, one should have spiritual pressure.
However, the black dragon did not have spiritual pressure.
It did not even have an aura!
If not for the fact that it was currently fighting three opponents alone, Heluo and Ivy would perceive the black dragon as a lifelike model in their senses!
This peculiarity left both Heluo and Ivy speechless.
It was not until crisp footsteps slowly sounded nearby that Heluo and Ivy turned around.
Not far away, a person with a red oil-paper umbrella slowly walked over.
Just like the black dragon, this person also had no aura or spiritual pressure..
This made Heluo and Ivy’s expressions freeze, and then a gentle voice came from under the umbrella.
“Look at me. Am I beautiful?”
The paper umbrella was slowly raised, revealing the true appearance of the woman under the umbrella.
Lu Ming was awakened by the roar of the one-eyed black dragon.
Because he knew that Archean City might face trouble in the near future, Lu Ming had been extra cautious. Hence, he could return from the Void Space at the very moment the black dragon appeared.
After stretching his body to adapt to the sudden increase in strength, Lu Ming pushed open the door and stepped out of the room.
However, just outside the room, Lu Ming saw a peculiar individual…
“A Clown?”
“Is there a circus in the Black Mist Zone?”
“Also, why are you here?”
As Lu Ming muttered, the clown in the small courtyard slowly turned around and looked at Lu Ming.
“Oh—”
It raised an eyebrow, and its colorful face seemed a little distorted.
The two locked eyes for a moment, and soon, Lu Ming spoke again.
“You are…”
“Hehehehe…” The clown responded to Lu Ming’s question with eerie laughter. Then, it extended its hands, snapped its fingers, and a deck of cards appeared out of thin air in the clown’s hand.
“Before asking questions, let’s play a game first. Hehehehe.”
This laughter made Lu Ming frown.
This was because he sensed malice in the clown’s laughter.,
He then looked up at the sky above.
In the sky, the black dragon dragon flames wreaked havoc. Roda Lubo and Quan Chao were momentarily on the defensive.
He could only helplessly reject the Clown’s good intentions, saying, “I’m sorry, but I’m in a hurry.”
“Hehehe…” The clown emitted that malicious laughter again. “Since you’ve seen me, whether you want to play or not is no longer up to you…””Tsk tsk tsk tsk…” There was a deafening “Boom!”
Where Lu Ming had been standing was now two large craters!
He appeared beside the clown almost instantly, grabbed the clown’s head fiercely, and pulled the colorful giant head in front of him!
Looking at the bewildered clown with a venomous expression, Lu Ming said through clenched teeth, one word at a time, “Your laughter is really annoying!”
That malicious laughter had triggered Lu Ming’s instinct for self-defense.
“Play a game? F*ck you!”
As Lu Ming’s voice sounded, a simple left hook had already smashed into the clown’s face.
A loud “bang” rang out.
The force-packed punch instantly smashed and exploded the clown’s head!
After tossing the nauseating clown’s body to the ground, Lu Ming’s face lost its gentleness, leaving only a cold expression.
“You clown, and that black dragon, both of you are not good people.”
“Therefore, you all have to die!”
Just as he was about to soar into the sky, not far from his feet, the clown’s body creaked and stood up.
A faint voice sounded from the clown’s abdomen, “A clown has nine lives… Hehehehe…”
With a “plop,” an identical head emerged from the clown’s chest…
He had actually come back to life.
Looking somewhat astonished, Lu Ming watched as the clown’s figure rapidly faded, and at the same time, the sound, like the friction of metal sheets, entered Lu Ming’s ears.
“You’re very strong. I’m not your match right now. Wait for me… It won’t be long before I come back to continue our unfinished game, hehe…”
Before the laughter could subside, there was another “bang.”
The clown, who had yet to complete the dream traversal, was kicked by Lu Ming, shattering half of its body.
The dream traversal was also interrupted!
Speaking of which, this dream traversal was indeed powerful and useful, but it had a slightly delayed activation time—most Spirit Realm experts could react to it.
When the one-eyed black dragon had escaped from He Luo and the others, it was because the situation had suddenly changed and disrupted the rhythm.
In front of Lu Ming, the shattered body parts of the clown began to stick together again in a cartoonish manner.
However, just as he had resurrected, Lu Ming grabbed him by the hair once again.
They locked eyes.
This time, the clown was completely panicked.
“Wait…”
A punch with a “Boom!”
The clown’s head exploded once more.
“You like to laugh, right?”
“You have nine lives, right?”
“Then let’s see how many punches your nine lives can withstand!?”


CHAPTER-242
Chapter 242: Dream Beast, Dream Clan (4)

“Look at me. Am 1 beautiful?”
The sudden appearance of the woman and the inexplicable question left Heluo and Ivy utterly bewildered.
However, when the woman slowly lifted her umbrella, revealing her true face beneath, both women’s expressions froze, and their hearts turned cold.
That woman’s face was nothing but a grotesque giant mouth! Rows of densely packed sharp white teeth intersected and twisted into a vortex shape.
The voice came from within the vortex…
“Look at me. Am 1 beautiful?”
As she spoke, the woman in red walked towards Heluo and Ivy.
“Madam Red,” Heluo suddenly spoke with a serious expression, uttering these words.
This raised Ivy’s eyebrows, “What Madam Red?”
“I mean, this monster’s name is Madam Red.”
“It originated from a widely circulated horror legend.”
“According to the legend, Madam Red wears red clothing and holds a red umbrella. Once she encounters someone, she asks this question.”
At this point, Heluo gave a wry smile, “However, there’s no correct answer to this question.”
“Whether the person she meets answers ‘beautiful’ or ‘not beautiful’, Madam Red will devour them!”
As she spoke, Heluo shuddered involuntarily.
The legend of Madam Red was basically a spellbound horror story for kids, within the Black Mist Zone. When Heluo was young, her parents had often used the story of Madam Red to scare her.
“Hey, hey, I mean Heluo, the issue isn’t about the answer… The issue is…”
Ivy pointed at Madam Red who was approaching, and said in an odd manner, “How could such a thing have a real prototype?!”
Heluo was about to say that she was not sure, but she suddenly froze.
Ivy’s words had vaguely reminded her of something.
However, before Heluo could think further, Madam Red had already come within ten meters of the two of them—a dangerously close distance.
Madam Red stopped and asked for the third time, “Look at me. Am 1 beautiful?”
Heluo and Ivy could not help but fall silent.
Because no matter how they answered, it would be wrong.
After thinking for a moment, Ivy sighed and took the initiative to stand in front of Heluo.
She faced Madam Red and said solemnly, “You’re very beautiful.”
“You’re lying!”
“How can I not know what 1 look like?!”
Ivy was speechless.
“Wait, wait, wait. I was wrong. You’re very ugly. You’re very ugly!”
Madam Red became furious. “Calling a lady ugly is very disrespectful! I need to teach you what respect is!”
Ivy resisted the urge to curse and took a deep breath.
The radiance of her Source Power Armor suddenly covered the surface of her body. Looking at Madam Red, Ivy said coldly, “Perfect, I think I also need to teach you never to ask questions without correct answers, you bastard!”
The spiritual pressure of the third level of the Spirit Realm suddenly bloomed and landed on Madam Red.
However, Madam Red seemed unaffected, as if the spiritual pressure had no effect on her.
Her entire neck extended eerily, bringing her vortex-shaped head with her, and in an instant, she had sprung in front of Ivy.
Countless fangs suddenly opened, her entire face blooming like a chrysanthemum, revealing the deep black abyss within her teeth.
As Ivy dodged to the side, she struck with a knife-hand strike, hitting Madam Red’s long neck.
However, the sensation she received from her knife-hand strike made Ivy’s expression change drastically.
This was because there was no impact from this knife-hand saber!
Madam Red’s neck was like a phantom. The knife-hand passed through it without any obstruction, as if she had struck a holographic projection.
The missed knife-hand made Ivy pause for a moment. Before Ivy could adjust her posture, Madam Red’s large mouth bit at her from another direction.
This time, Ivy could not dodge!
“Crack.”
The Body Protection Technique burst like paper, and the huge mouth bit directly onto Ivy’s shoulder.
The powerful biting force coupled with the spinning force instantly severed Ivy’s entire left arm. As blood splattered, Ivy was sent flying and landed directly next to Heluo.
She covered her wound, her face pale, and looked at Madam Red, who was gnawing on her arm.
“What on earth is this thing?”
Spirit pressure was ineffective against her.
There was no spiritual pressure on the other party.
Madam Red’s body did not seem to have a physical body, and she did not use any Source Power skills!
Madam Red’s combat style appeared bizarre, but in reality, she was like a wild beast, relying entirely on the characteristics of her body in combat.
“I don’t know what she is, but 1 know where her weakness is,” Heluo quickly spoke up from the side.
This made Ivy prick up her ears to listen, but she heard something that left her helpless.
“That’s her teeth. Or you could say her entire face.”
“That’s the only part of Madam Red that has substance. That’s very likely where her vital points are.”
In that case…
Ivy had no way to fight her…
From the brief confrontation just now, Ivy had not only confirmed the physical characteristics of Madam Red’s body, but also her attack method—which was similar to that of a wild beast, ripping and tearing.
The sharp teeth on her face were like formidable weapons.
Now that Heluo mentioned that Madam Red’s weakness was her face, Ivy immediately felt helpless.
Using her own body to smash the other party’s formidable weapons?
Wasn’t this like hitting a rock with an egg?
Just as Ivy was frowning, Madam Red suddenly turned around and looked behind her.
She raised her umbrella again, covering her cheek, and her entire demeanor changed, becoming like a gentle southern woman in the rain.
“Look at me. Am 1 beautiful?”
She asked.
Soon, a calm voice sounded from not far away.
“I didn’t see clearly. Can you let me have another look at your face?”
Then, footsteps began to sound.
The footsteps were light and slow, but powerful.
Soon, a somewhat robust figure ascended the city wall and stood before Madam Red.
“Mr. Lu Ming?”
When Heluo saw the appearance of the person, she could not help but call out.
In recent times in Archean City, Heluo had learned of Lu Ming’s name from people like Quan Chao and Huo Sheng.
She vaguely knew that Lu Ming was very strong and was actually the number one expert in Archean City, but she had never seen Lu Ming in action.
At this moment, when Mr. Lu Ming faced the strange and unpredictable Madam Red, Heluo could not help but feel uneasy.
Lu Ming turned to look at Heluo and Ivy.
When he saw Ivy’s broken arm, Lu Ming frowned and looked at Madam Red again.
“Did you do that?”
“Look at me. Am 1 beautiful?”
Madam Red did not answer Lu Ming’s question. Instead, she slowly raised her umbrella, revealing her terrifying and grotesque face beneath.
After staring at Madam Red’s face for a long time, Lu Ming shook his head.
“You’re hideous.”
There was a “Buzz!”
Madam Red Hong tossed her umbrella high into the air, and at the same time, her neck snapped back, propelling her head like a cannonball towards Lu Ming!
This scene made Ivy and Heluo both speak out simultaneously,
“Mr. Lu, please be careful!”
“Her teeth are extremely sharp, don’t take her head-on… Ah!?”
Before they could finish speaking, Ivy and Heluo were both stunned.
This was because they saw Lu Ming’s hands firmly holding Madam Red’s big mouth. His hands were like steel pincers, preventing Madam Red from closing her mouth!
A faint red light appeared on Lu Ming’s hand. This red light came into contact with Madam Red’s sharp teeth and rubbed against them, creating a series of sparks, but the red light remained resilient, showing no signs of being torn apart.
While controlling the Red Lady, Lu Ming even had the strength to turn around and look at Heluo and Ivy.
“What were you two saying just now?”


CHAPTER-243
Chapter 243: Dream Beast, Dream Clan (5)

“What were you two saying just now?”
Heluo and Ivy did not know how to react to Lu Ming’s question.
Watching Madam Red being tightly restrained, Ivy’s eyes were bewildered, not understanding why Madam Red could bite through her defenses one by one but could not bite Lu Ming at all..
However, Heluo heaved a long sigh of relief and said, “Mr. Lu is indeed strong, and Madam Red’s weakness is indeed her face.”
At this moment, Madam Red made another move.
Her arm extended strangely, just like her neck, and she grabbed the umbrella that was falling from the sky. Then, with a swift motion, she swung her long arm and the umbrella slashed at Lu Ming like a knife.
“Bang.”
The umbrella struck Lu Ming’s Divine Fire Shield, but it could not budge him in the slightest.
Instead, the umbrella was somewhat disheveled due to the rebounding burning force, and the red umbrella twitched slightly, emitting eerie screams from within.
Seeing this, Heluo’s eyes lit up and she said, “The umbrella! The umbrella might also be her weakness.”
“Oh, 1 see,”
Lu Ming nodded slightly.
“So, this damn thing has two weaknesses, one is this face, and the other is the umbrella.”
“Then…”
In the next second, there was a creaking sound which went from weak to strong!
Lu Ming exerted strength in his hands and pulled Madam Red’s face like a puller, doing a complete chest-expanding exercise.
“Creak creak
“Ugh! Ahhhhhhhhh….”
Muffled, incomprehensible cries emanated from Madam Red’s wide-open mouth.
Her wide mouth continued to split open with Lu Ming’s movements, but there were no organs like a tongue or throat inside, just an abyss of darkness.
“That’s why I said that you all are just monsters…”
Muttering these words, Lu Ming suddenly exerted more force!
With a “crack”, Madam Red’s entire head was torn apart by Lu Ming on the spot!
Heluo and Ivy, who were watching the battle from the side, felt a chill run down their spines.
Lu Ming’s actions were as effortless and relaxed as peeling off crispy chicken, which was hard to imagine considering how battered Ivy had been by Madam red just moments ago.
Not far away, the red umbrella immediately flew up, trying to escape.
But Lu Ming grabbed it and broke it without hesitation.
So, under the gazes of the three of them, Madam Red and her red umbrella slowly turned into black streams of energy and rapidly dissipated into the air. “What on earth is this thing?”
Ivy couldn’t help but ask, and both Lu Ming and Heluo shook their heads.
“I’m not sure.”
“But just like the clown earlier, it turned into black smoke when it died and didn’t leave a body behind,”
Lu Ming added, then turned his gaze towards the sky.
Above his head, the one-eyed black dragon was still fighting with Roda and the other two.
“You two find a safe place first, and I’ll be right back.”
With those words, Lu Ming had already floated into the air and was flying upwards..
An hour later, everyone gathered in the City Lord Manor.
The chaos within the city had long since subsided.
Lu Ming sat at the head of the table, closing his eyes and listening quietly.
Below, it was mainly Heluo who was speaking.
“I’ve never seen those monsters that appeared, and there are no records of them in the ancient books of the Aeonians.”
“According to their combat performance, Madam Red and the Black Dragon both possess the strength of a high-level Spirit Realm expert. But, the strange thing is that they don’t have spiritual pressure, and don’t seem to use Source Power techniques.”
“For this situation, I may need some time to research and understand what these creatures really are.”
With that said, Heluo paused for a moment and continued, “Now there’s something more pressing that may require Mr. Lu’s assistance.”
She said to Lu Ming with an apologetic expression.
Seeing this, Lu Ming nodded gently, “Please tell me. I won’t refuse any task that’s within my capabilities.”
“Our captain and the other two team members went to the Flame Clan Ruin to trace the source of the Dream Virus several days ago. But just dozens of minutes ago, the three of them lost contact.”
“May 1 request Mr. Lu to go there and check the situation?”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and simply nodded, “Certainly.”
That place was indeed the source of the trouble.
Even if Heluo had not brought this up, Lu Ming would have had to take a look.
Ivy immediately added, “I’ll accompany Mr. Lu so that 1 can lead the way for Mr. Lu.”
The Flame Clan Ruin, within the Royal First Research Institute.
Walking through the clean corridors of the research institute, Zhuang Zun’s expression was cold. The protective spiritual light shimmering around his body indicated that Zhuang Zun was on full alert.
There was no one around him.
The two teammates who had entered together had disappeared at some point.
This was very strange.
This was because with Zhuang Zun’s Spirit Realm Level Seven strength, he had not noticed when or how his two teammates had gone missing.
“This place is quite sinister.”
He muttered to himself, and his sense of caution intensified.
It wasn’t until Zhuang Zun heard faint singing in the distance that his expression changed.
He took a couple of quick steps forward, and as he turned a corner in the corridor to the right, a bizarre scene unfolded before his eyes.
The path had transformed into an eerie trail.
At the end of the trail, a huge and ominous ancient castle, like a sleeping giant beast, had inexplicably appeared in front of Zhaun Zun!
When he looked back suddenly, he saw that behind him, the corridor had turned into a sinister forest, and the previously clear path had vanished without a trace.
Zhuang Zun took a deep breath.
“I’ve walked into a trap…”
Turning his gaze back to the ancient castle in front of him, faint singing wafted from it, accompanied by occasional green ghostly flames flashing past the window.
For some reason, a term inexplicably popped into Zhuang Zun’s mind.
“The Slaughter Castle…”
It was a terrifying legend passed down among the Eternal Clan.
It was also Zhuang Zun’s childhood nightmare.
“Hahaha.”
Zhuang Zun laughed to ease the fear in his heart.
Then, he shook his head.
“How is that possible…”
After muttering to himself, Zhuang Zun mustered his courage and walked towards the ancient castle.
It was almost evening.
After several hours of traveling, Lu Ming and Ivy finally arrived at their destination.
Entering the cave, they could see some food packaging on the ground, indicating that Zhaun Zun and the others had indeed been guarding here for several days.
But now, they had disappeared without a trace.
“According to Soro, this cave entrance leads to another space. So 1 speculate that when our team leader and the other two saw the connecting light door open again, they couldn’t wait and rushed in.”
That light door did not last long.
When Zhuang Zun and the other two saw the light door open, they immediately entered and did not leave any messages for Heluo and Ivy. Such a thing was very likely to happen.
“Therefore, the problem now is when will the connecting light door open… or what method should we use to open the connecting light door again?”
After Ivy muttered this, she saw that Lu Ming’s eyes had already turned pitch-black.
Maintaining the effect of the Eye of Void, Lu Ming quickly nodded and said, “I have a solution..”


CHAPTER-244
Chapter 244: Experimental Subject

All spatial technologies were closely related to the power of space.
Coincidentally, Lu Ming’s Void Realm was a fusion of the powers of space and time.
Just now, Lu Ming had condensed the power of the Void Realm in his eyes—this was the so-called Void Eye.
Using the power of the Void Eye, Lu Ming easily saw through the tricks of this place.
“To put it bluntly, it’s just a ruin within a ruin.”
The Flame Clan Ruin were attached to the Black Mist Zone, and the alternate space in front of him was attached to the Flame Clan Ruin.
It was like a large circle encompassing a smaller circle.
“As for the method to crack it, it’s easy…” With that, Lu Ming turned to look at Ivy. “Step back a bit.”
Ivy obediently retreated and saw Lu Ming’s eyes turn pitch-black!
Even if it was a small alternate space, it had been created by an Ancient Realm expert.
Of course, Lu Ming did not have the means of an Ancient Realm expert.
But simply opening the door of the ruin was relatively easy for an intermediate-level Void Realm.
It was like using a key to unlock a door without needing to know how to build a house.
As black light permeated from Lu Ming’s eyes and slowly covered his hands, he suddenly reached out and grabbed the air in front of him with great force.
There was a slight friction sound.
Lu Ming seemed to be opening a door, struggling to pull out a door shining with white light in the air!
“You go in first!”
Lu Ming shouted and Ivy immediately entered the light door while Lu Ming followed behind.
As the light and shadow in front of them changed, Lu Ming soon found himself in a futuristic-looking corridor.
Not far ahead, Ivy, Zhuang Zun, and the other two Skywalkers were lying flat on the ground.
They were making faint snoring sounds, and their brows were furrowed, as if they were having nightmares.
Lu Ming focused on Ivy…
This woman had come in a few seconds earlier than him, but she was lying there so soundly asleep.
“What’s going on?”
Just as Lu Ming was at a loss, he suddenly sensed a strange energy attack from afar and enter his mind.
A huge wave of drowsiness surged over him.
However, the entry of the foreign energy triggered an instinctive reaction in Lu Ming’s body.
A large amount of Source Power surged out of his cells and resisted the strange foreign energy. At the same time, the power of the Void Realm also fluctuated faintly, as if it had been stimulated by this foreign energy!
With the power of the Void Realm as the main force and the support of Source Power, in just a moment, Lu Ming dispelled his drowsiness and regained his consciousness.
He narrowed his eyes slightly and carefully considered the current situation. Soon, Lu Ming heaved a sigh of relief.
“Let me see who’s behind this!”
Inside Laboratory No. 1.
The Dream Source and the Crimson Queen were quietly observing everything.
When they saw Lu Ming quickly dispel the invasion of the nightmare, a look of surprise flashed in the big eyes of the Dream Source.
“This guy has some strength.”
The nightmare attack unleashed by the fake Dream Source was on par with a Spirit Realm Level Eight..
Below Spirit Realm Level Eight, no one could resist the power of the nightmare attack and could only be dragged into the nightmare to become the plaything of the Dream Source.
Unexpectedly, not only did this person tear open the door of the research institute, but he also withstood the effect of the nightmare invasion. It was worth noting that Lu Ming’s aura displayed on the surface was not very strong.
“But it did not matter,” the Dream source muttered.
It could see that Lu Ming tried to wake Zhuang Zun and the others up, but it was useless. He could only reluctantly move deeper into the research institute.
It could also see several distorted monsters with different appearances lying between Lu Ming and him.
It could also see that the Dream Plague it had released earlier had already dissipated with the wind and spread to every corner of the Flame Clan Ruin. The Dream Plague had even spread to the outside world through the entrances and exits of the Flame Clan Ruin.
At every moment, countless creatures were infected with the Dream Plague and became carriers for the incubation of the Dream Clan.
“My mission is completed.”
“No, there’s one last step…”
Looking at Lu Ming who was slowly walking over, a faint anticipation flashed in the Dream Source’s single eye.
“Crimson.”
“Sir, I’m here.”
“Do you think he can do it?”
The Dream Source did not specify which aspect it was. However, the Crimson Queen understood its meaning.
A moment later, the mechanical female voice said, “No, not at all.”
“His strength cannot meet your requirements, Sir.”
“Even more so, he may not be able to break through the barriers of the experimental subject and come to you, Sir.”
This made the Dream Source blink its eye.
A moment later, a low muttering sound was heard once again.
“I see… Then forget it…”
“It’s just a pity, 1 really don’t want to experience the taste of failure from the Aeonians again.”
He patted the cheeks of Zhuang Zun, Ivy, and the others until their faces were swollen, but there was no sign of them waking up.
“Then there’s nothing we can do.”
He could not directly twist off their arms and legs to wake them up, right…
Shaking his head regretfully, Lu Ming could only choose to move forward alone.
He surveyed the surroundings.
Lu Ming discovered that this might be a secret base of some kind. The architectural style was quite technological, and he was currently in a long and narrow corridor.
The corridor was well-lit, with excellent visibility, and after walking a few hundred meters forward, there was a fork in the road in front of Lu Ming.
The question of which way to go was not a problem.
This was because there was a faint sound coming from the corridor on the right, while the left side was completely silent.
“I have to first find someone I can communicate with and ask about the situation.”
Using this as a starting point, Lu Ming decisively chose the right side.
After advancing for about 500 meters, Lu Ming suddenly stopped in his tracks.
This was because on the left side, a door was wide open, and a faint voice sounded from inside.
Looking up, Lu Ming saw writing on the wall above the door in the universal language of the Black Mist Zone..
Laboratory No. 5
This made Lu Ming clear his throat.
He walked to the door and politely knocked on the door frame, and said,
“Is anyone there? I need to ask for directions.”
Inside the room, a pleasant female voice came from somewhere Lu Ming could not see, “Someone’s here. Please come in.”
“Then I’ll come in.”
“Please come in.”
Lu Ming took a step forward and entered the room.
Inside Laboratory No. 1.
The Crimson Queen had somehow procured a set of imaging equipment.
The equipment was placed in front of the Dream Source, and it displayed an image of Lu Ming.
When she saw Lu Ming enter Laboratory Five, the Crimson Queen said softly in a flat mechanical voice.
“His life ends here.”
Inside the Flame Clan Royal Research Institute, various high-risk projects were being conducted.
There were hundreds of projects in total, and the closer the number was to the front, the more dangerous the project.
Laboratory No. 5 was relatively close to the front, indicating that the projects inside were particularly frightening.
“Green Ivy.”
The name of Project No. 5 is Green Ivy..”


CHAPTER-245
Chapter 245: Experimental Subject (2)

“Green Ivy, huh…”
After the Crimson Queen finished speaking, the Dream Source also muttered to herself.
The words “Green Ivy” faintly stirred the memories within the Dream Source, memories that were linked to the Flame Heart.
So, the Dream Source suddenly spoke,
“Crimson, do you still remember who designed and built you and this research institute?”
“I remember,” the Crimson Queen replied calmly, “It’s you, Lord Flame Heart, the last emperor of the Flame Clan.”
The Dream Source said, “Now you should call me Dream Source… Heh, but this is not important. Then do you still remember the purpose for which this research institute was established?”
“I remember,” the Crimson Queen continued, “In order to find another path to godhood!”
“That’s right…” the Dream Source sighed,” In order to find another path to godhood.”
At that time, the Flame Clan had been defeated and six of the seven gods had fallen, leaving only the Jing God and the remnants of the Flame Clan who had retreated into the ruins.
The Jing God was seriously injured, and the resources within the ruin were also limited.
And the external enemies continued to hound them.
Although those enemies were afraid that the Jing God would perish together with them and did not dare to exterminate the Flame Clan, they made numerous attempts.
“The enemy of a god can only be a god.”
“And the lifespan of a god is endless.”
Because of this, to the entire Flame Clan, their enemies practically existed forever!
In the generation where Flame Heart succeeded the throne, the Flame Clan was almost forced into a desperate situation.
“To the gods, the Flame Clan Ruin was not that hidden.”
“Many people want to exterminate the bloodline of our Flame Clan. Ever since Ancestor Jing God fell asleep, they have tested him countless times. As long as they find out that Ancestor Jing God’s condition is not good, the day of the Flame Clan’s extinction will arrive!”
With a situation like this, the Flame Clan had no choice but to seek change.
And there was only one way to resist an enemy at the Divine Spirit Realm become a god!
However, the Flame Clan was blocked in the ruin and could not reach the Holy Tower to participate in the Heaven Ascension Stairs ceremony.
Therefore, there was only one path left for the Flame Clan!
“To find a way to become a god without ascending to the heavens.”
After saying this, the Flame Heart paused for a moment and said, “Or rather, it’s not a way to become a god, but a way to obtain power that could rival the gods.”
In the Black Mist Zone, there was only one common path to transcendence- the Source Power System.
At the pinnacle of the Source Power system were the gods themselves.
Therefore, to gain power that was not godlike but could rival the gods, there was only one path: to research a new system of transcendence!
In due course, Flame Heart, who had just ascended to the throne, informed the still-conscious Jing God of this plan and obtained his approval.
Thus, the First Research Institute was born.
“As for Green Ivy, or rather, all the projects from No. 5 and above, were created under these premises.”
Looking at the screen, the gaze of the Dream Source was especially deep.
“Although it’s just a failed product, Green Ivy’s strength is equivalent to a Ninth-Level Spirit Realm, and its power doesn’t rely on Source Power. Even Source Realm experts would stumble if they weren’t careful around Green Ivy.”
The Crimson Queen interrupted at this moment, “That’s why I said that this person’s life will end here.”
The Dream Source nodded and did not refute.
It just watched as Lu Ming entered Laboratory No. 5.
“Hello, I’m coming in.”
Lu Ming, who had entered Laboratory No. 5, was polite and quiet.
He looked around the room.
Lu Ming saw a vast space of several thousand square meters filled with countless plants. Perhaps, due to the lack of maintenance, these plants grew in a chaotic and disorderly manner, crowding the originally spacious laboratory.
Suddenly, a female voice sounded from the forest within the laboratory, in front of Lu Ming.
“Hello, how should I address you?”
“My name is Lu Ming. What about you?”
“My name is Green Ivy.”
Lu Ming said, “I’d like to ask for directions. Green Ivy, do you have a map of this place?”
The female voice in the forest was silent for a moment before saying, “Yes.”
Lu Ming saw that the strange-looking flowers and trees in front of him automatically parted, revealing a secluded path. At the end of the path, a plant resembling a sunflower was swaying gently. Lu Ming’s sharp eyes noticed faint lines on the sunflower’s plate.
“What’s this…”
“This is a map of the First Research Institute.”
“Can you bring it out?”
“I’m sorry, I can’t.” There was a hint of apology in Green Ivy’s voice. She continued, “In fact, this research institute doesn’t have a ready-made map. This map of mine was drawn based on my memories.”
“I can’t move, so I can only trouble you to walk over and take a look yourself.”
“Oh, I see,” Lu Ming nodded in realization and decisively walked forward.
As he walked, he said, “So, Green Ivy, are you not human?”
“Mr. Lu Ming, why do you say that?”
“It’s just a feeling, a feeling.”
Green Ivy was silent for a moment before saying gently, “Yes, Mr. Lu. I’m not a human in the usual sense. Do you have any prejudice against an unusual lifeform like me?”
Lu Ming shook his head, “I don’t have any prejudice because I’ve always believed that as long as we can coexist peacefully, species and such things are irrelevant.”
Green Ivy’s gentle laughter rang out in the forest, “Mr. Lu, you really know how to talk…”
Lu Ming shrugged slightly, “I’m just speaking my mind.”
Lu Ming had now come to the front of the sunflower.
He lowered his head and looked at the lines and markings on the sunflower the paths and labels were clearly visible.
This was indeed the topographic map of this place.
After memorizing it, Lu Ming heaved a sigh of relief, “Thank you, Green Ivy.”
“Mr. Lu, you’re too polite.”
“Well then, I’ll see you later.”
After saying this, Lu Ming turned around and saw that the path behind him had disappeared without a trace at some point.
This made Lu Ming frown and mutter, “I thought we were already friends…” “Friends?” Green Ivy’s voice sounded, still gentle in tone.
“Mr. Lu, why do you think that we’re already friends?”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and replied, “Our conversation flows harmoniously, our tones are gentle, and, most importantly, even though you’re an alien life form, 1 don’t see any need for hostility between us.”
“That’s meaningless.”
“Hehehehe…” Green Ivy suddenly burst into a series of crisp laughter,
“Although I’m an… alien life form? Mr. Lu, your words are really filled with the arrogance of a human.”
Lu Ming raised an eyebrow, “Arrogance?”
“Yes, it’s arrogance. It seems you believe that as a human, just not discriminating against me is already a great favor.”
Lu Ming shook his head and said, “I don’t have such thoughts.”
Green Ivy ignored Lu Ming’s response and continued talking to herself, “But do you realize what you humans are in my eyes?”
Lu Ming remained silent as he heard Green Ivy say slowly, “It’s food…”
“Would you be friends with your food?”


CHAPTER-246
Chapter 246: Experimental Subject (3)

As soon as Green Ivy finished speaking, the entire indoor forest began to twist unnaturally.
However, Lu Ming remained silent, as if he was stunned.
The voice of Green Ivy continued.
“Because it’s food, I don’t care about my attitude towards you, and your attitude towards me.”
“Whether it’s gentle or cruel, it doesn’t matter.”
“If I’m interested, 1 can chat with you and satisfy your desires.”
“But now, I’m hungry.”
“So, Mr. Lu… Can I eat you?”
Although Green Ivy said that, there was no indication from her actions that she was seeking Lu Ming’s opinion.
Countless types of flowers, plants, and trees began to twist wildly.
The plants and trees formed a giant claw that slowly reached towards Lu Ming.
At this moment, Green Ivy seemed like a sophisticated diner, preparing to savor the taste of Lu Ming, this delicious food, in her own way.
Until Lu Ming suddenly came back to his senses.
“I have another question.”
“Please speak.” Even now, Green Ivy remained gentle and polite.
“Here.” Lu Ming pointed to the ground beneath his feet. “From here, going forward, are Lab Four, Lab Three, Lab Two, and Lab One.”
“Do these laboratories have alien life forms like you?”
“Yes,” the plant claw was getting closer and closer to Lu Ming.
“Then, are their attitudes towards me similar to yours? Are they… treating me like food?”
“Pretty much.”
“I see…” Lu Ming sighed and shook his head. “Then 1 know what to do.”
In Laboratory One.
After Lu Ming walked down that path, the Dream Source and the Crimson Queen were no longer concerned about what was happening to him.
Because Lu Ming was as good as dead!
Lu Ming was unaware that the entire indoor forest in Laboratory Five was actually the body of the Green Ivy! By stepping on that path, he was essentially entering the body of the Green Ivy willingly.
There was no chance of survival, let alone victory.
After diverting his attention slightly, the Dream Source was about to say something when it suddenly heard a “bang” coming from the entire research institute!
A massive tremor surged over.
At this moment, it was like an earthquake at the First Research Institute.
Out of the corner of its eye, the Dream Source seemed to catch a glimpse of something.
The Dream Source suddenly shifted its gaze and looked at the screen.
He could see that an astonishing transformation was occurring in Laboratory Five!
From the outside, at this moment, Laboratory Five had turned into a green spherical object.
This spherical object was completely composed of plants, with a multitude of plants entwined and wriggling together. There were even distinct facial features outlined by the plants on the surface of the sphere.
Their facial features were constructed, forming a ferocious ghost face!
This was the complete form of the Green Ivy!
At this moment, Lu Ming was inside the belly of the Green Ivy.
“All!!”
A melodious female voice emitted a strange tone, filled with suggestive connotations.
This was Green Ivy’s excited cry because it had finally obtained a blood meal after a long time!
In the body, a large number of resilient plants became entangled with Lu Ming’s skin.
They crushed, rubbed, and grew sharp thorns, from which many various types of plant toxins oozed.
As long as the thorns pierced Lu Ming’s skin, Green Ivy was absolutely confident that she could devour him completely!
The idea was excellent and the strategy was clear.
There was only one thing…
The lethality of this Green Ivy was not quite up to par.
Cracking sounds continued to emanate from Lu Ming’s body.
It was the sound produced by the friction between the plants and the Divine Fire Shield.
“The lethality can be compared to Li De’s.”
“But it’s not Li De’s Yang Spirit Finger. It’s just Li De’s regular punches and kicks, without the accompanying spiritual power…”
In other words, it was at the eighth or ninth level of the Spirit Realm.
If it were Lu Ming after leaving the Flame Clan Ruin, then the Green Ivy’s attacks would still be somewhat lethal to Lu Ming.
But now, Lu Ming’s physical strength had almost doubled again, and his Body Protection Techniques had also been upgraded.
This made the Green Ivy’s attacks seem rather insignificant.
“What a pity.”
“A pity….I thought you were the kind of guy I could communicate with. It would save me the effort of fighting.”
A faint voice sounded from inside the Green Ivy, causing her laughter to subside.
She increased her strength, but still could not do anything to Lu Ming.
Until a swelling feeling surged from within.
Inside her body, Lu Ming’s voice echoed again.
“I can only say that monsters are monsters. Humans don’t have intentions to harm tigers, but tigers harm humans!”
“In that case, I think it’s necessary for me to deal with you in the way I dislike the most but am best at!”
With those words, the features of the Green Ivy instantly froze.
It could clearly be seen that the Green Ivy’s body began to rapidly expand, as if something was growing and strengthening in its body!
This speed of expansion was fierce and unstoppable! It caused the Green Ivy to shatter completely before it could even react!
Boom!
It exploded into pieces.
The huge explosion even made the entire research institute shake three times.
When the dust dissipated and settled, the green ivy’s figure had completely disappeared, leaving behind only a terrifying and grotesque monster!
It stood nearly thirty meters tall, with three heads and six arms, like a deity from mythology.
Its tough bones formed an exoskeleton armor on the outside, not only covering its body, but even growing a bony mask on its face.
Ferocious thorns extended from its back, like swords pointing towards the sky.
This was Lu Ming in his Explosive State!
He turned his head slightly to the right and a deep voice boomed from Lu Ming’s mouth.
“Laboratory Four, Laboratory Three, then Laboratory Two… Laboratory One…”
“Mm—”
“Laboratory One should be the target of my trip.”
“Then…”
After muttering this, Lu Ming instantly exerted strength in his legs and rushed forward, causing a more intense explosion!
The Dream Source looked at the screen with a solemn expression.
Lu Ming’s ferocious appearance in his Explosive State made the Dream Source mutter involuntarily, “What is this thing?!”
Before he could get an answer, another roar exploded in his ears.
The entire laboratory immediately lit up with red alarm lights, and the voice of the Crimson Queen suddenly rang out, “That guy broke through the walls and reached Laboratory Four.”
“Laboratory Four has no biological guardians. It has undergone deep fusion transformation with Laboratory Two.”
There was another loud “boom.”
“He shattered the wall again and arrived at Laboratory Three. The name of the Laboratory Three project is…”
“Boom!”
“He once again…”
“Boom, boom, boom!”
Tremors.
The entire research institute was shaking violently!
The speed of the Crimson Queen’s speech could not keep up with Lu Ming’s advancing pace!
“He…”
“Boom!”
This booming sound echoed in the Dream Source’s ears.
It turned around and saw that the solid wall on its right had completely shattered. A powerful monster almost reaching the ceiling was holding two strange objects and slowly approaching it.
In his left hand was a humanoid corpse, with its muscles swollen and contorted, and it bore a resemblance to Lu Ming in his normal state.
This was Project Three, an experimental subject created to push the limits of physical strength—Codenamed “Extreme Dao”!
“Squish,” a splatter of juice burst out.
Extreme Dao was crushed by Lu Ming.
In Lu Ming’s right hand, he held a humanoid creature covered in sharp blades from head to toe.
Project Four: “Soldier.”
It was created by fusing flesh and steel materials together, a half-human, half-weapon killing machine!
The Soldier also held a long saber in its hand.
It was Project Two, the “God Slaying Blade”!
Created for the purpose of killing gods, it was the supreme divine weapon (in an incomplete version).
“Grind, grind.”
Lu Ming slowly rubbed his right hand.
So, the Dream Source could see that the Soldier and the God Slaying Blade in Lu Ming’s hand were quickly ground into a lump by Lu Ming.
It was like a plate of walnuts… Lu Ming leisurely polished away the edges and made them smooth, round, cute…
Until there was a loud “snap”.
The Soldier and the God Slaying Blade were thrown to the ground by Lu Ming.
They had transformed into completely round shapes, smooth, clean, neat, beautiful, and shining brightly.
They were intertwined, one within the other, finally achieving the deepest fusion.
“Oh, you must be Project One.”
Lu Ming did not even glance at those low-level projects. He just strode towards the Dream Source.
As he walked, he said,
“1 have to say, the projects on your side are really not up to par…”


CHAPTER-247
Chapter 247: Source Power Fifth Realm

The Dream Source and the Crimson Queen fell silent together.
Lu Ming’s words left them unsure of how to refute.
The first five projects within the Flame Clan Royal First Research Institute were not just good; they were astonishing!
The Green Ivy gathered plants and formed a large living forest. Its strength was about the level nine of a Spirit Realm, and its vitality was extremely powerful!
Extreme Dao experts were originally Fifth level Spirit Realm Flame clansmen. After undergoing the physical modification, although their combat strength could not reach the Source Realm, their strength could definitely be considered invincible in the Spirit Realm.
The combination of the Soldier and the God Slaying Blade was even more terrifying!
The Soldiers were not particularly strong, only at the eighth level of the Spirit Realm, but they were incredibly fast and had formidable defense.
Due to the nature of their life form, the Soldiers were immune to the Source Power control characteristics of Source Realm experts. Combined with the devastating killing power of the God Slaying Blade, even a Source Realm expert might meet with unexpected failure when facing this combination.
But, unexpectedly, within such a short time, all of these were crushed to pieces by Lu Ming.
The Crimson Queen remained silent.
The Dream Source stared at Lu Ming and exclaimed, “What kind of thing are you exactly!?”
“Human… I’m a human! Can’t you tell?” Lu Ming strode forward and roared in a low voice as he walked.
Lu Ming found it strange…
These monsters always liked to ask him what kind of thing he was.
You guys are the ones who are some things!
Your entire family is something!
“I’m not a thing! I’m a human!”
“Can’t you tell that I’m human with your big eyes?! Then 1 won’t hold back!!”
“Boom!”
Lu Ming’s legs shot out, instantly shattering the glass shield surrounding the Dream Source.
He lifted his foot and stomped down.
An incomparable power pressed fiercely towards the Dream Source!
In terms of size, Lu Ming’s stomp was like an adult male of a normal size stepping on a tomato.
The tomato was crushed into a pulp, and that was the inevitable outcome.
However, when Lu Ming felt the tremendous resistance under his foot, he could not help but sigh slightly.
“I knew it wouldn’t be that easy…”
That’s right. How could the Dream Source virus, the ultimate boss of this place, the monster nurtured in Laboratory One, be stomped to death by Lu Ming?
Everyone saw…
The giant raised his foot and stepped down, but his foot could not press down in midair no matter what.
Under Lu Ming’s feet, the original Dream Source had already twisted and changed its shape just before Lu Ming attacked!
A shrill “Ah” rang out.
The middle-aged man from the Flame Clan, who had transformed from the Dream Source, effortlessly withstood the great foot that Lu Ming was pressing down with his raised hand!
Ripples emanated from the intersection of their hands and feet, forming a twisted force field created by their intense clash of power.
The two of them stood still. Only this twisted force field spoke of the shocking confrontation between the two of them!
The entire research institute began to tremble under the influence of the twisted force field.
Even this independent alternate space attached to the Fire Clan Ruin showed signs of collapse!
Until the twisted force field quickly dissipated.
Lu Ming retracted his leg and slowly took a few steps back.
Looking at the Flame Clan middle-aged man in front of him, Lu Ming nodded slightly, “You’re not bad. It seems that the projects in this research institute are not all trash.”
The man immediately smiled and shook his head, “My name is Flame Heart, and you?”
Lu Ming did not respond.
His body slowly shrank and quickly returned to normal human size.
However, this did not mean that Lu Ming had suppressed his strength.
On the contrary, at this moment, Lu Ming had entered his strongest state!
This was: Origin State!
Inside the Flame Clan Royal First Research Institute.
As Lu Ming activated his Origin State, with every breath he took, a large amount of Source Power surged from all directions and flowed into Lu Ming’s body.
At the same time, Lu Ming reached out and aimed at the man named Flame Heart who had transformed from the Dream Source.
He attempted to control the Source Power within Flame Heart’s body and render it useless!
There was no doubt that this move was an unsolvable sure-kill move for all superhumans below the Source Realm!
But…
Nothing happened…
“I see…”
Lu Ming slowly lowered his hand and looked at Flame Heart with a dawning realization.
“You’re indeed not a creature under the Source Power Extraordinary System.”
In response, Flame Heart just smiled faintly.
“Aren’t you the same?”
Lu Ming was momentarily stunned.
Yan Xin smiled and said, “Although from all angles, you can be considered an extraordinary person under the Source Power System,
“But 1 can tell that you’re different from them.”
“The foundation of your strength is not source power at all! Instead, it’s hidden under source power. That physical fitness is simply indescribable!”
After saying this, Flame Heart pointed at Extreme Dao who had been crushed by Lu Ming.
“You’re the same type of guy as him…”
Lu Ming could not help but fall silent and slowly put down his hands.
As for Flame Heart, she only looked at Lu Ming with curiosity, surprise, and other complicated expressions.
As the last emperor of the Flame Clan and a former quasi divine level expert, Flame Heart’s judgment was terrifying.
Because of this, he could tell that Lu Ming was special.
He sighed and continued,
“Source Power Fifth Realm, Mortal Body Spirit Source Ancient.”
“The Mortal Realm is the realm where one builds their foundation. After stepping into the Mortal Realm, one will be considered to have stepped into the starting point of the extraordinary path. Within the Mortal Realm, the strength of one’s body will double with each level.”
“The Physique Realm is an advanced version of the Mortal realm. At this stage, the goal is to cultivate the body so that the cells of the body can maximize the capacity to hold the Source Power. Similarly, at the Physique Realm, the physical strength of each level will also double.”
“In fact, the significance of these two realms is the same.”
“It is to strengthen the body and make the body more adaptable to extraordinary substances like source power!”
“However, under the Source Power System, the logic of the last three realms is completely different from the first two realms.”
“The characteristic of the Spirit Realm is spiritual pressure. As for spiritual pressure, it’s an energy field automatically released when the Source Power within the body of a Spirit Realm expert reaches its peak and automatically radiates outward. At the Spirit Realm stage, Spirit Realm extraordinary individuals usually dual cultivate their body and Source Power. The rules of ‘doubling physical strength upon leveling up’ no longer apply here; instead, the level of the Spiritual Realm is mostly determined by the strength of Source Energy within their body.”
Lu Ming could not help but listen attentively.
Because no one had told him about these things.
Flame Heart continued, “After reaching the Source Realm, physical strength becomes almost negligible. Source Realm experts naturally control Source Power, and as a result, regardless of how strong the physical body of a lower-level transcendent is, a Source Realm expert can easily drain the Source Power in his body, rendering him useless.”
“At the Source Realm, the competition among peers is entirely based on the control of Source Power, and the physical body only plays a supporting role, not a decisive one.”
“Therefore, there are no longer any rules like ‘doubling physical strength upon leveling up’ in the Source Realm stage, and very few Source Realm experts even bother practicing Body Forging Techniques anymore because having a strong body is useless if one can’t match others in Source Power control.”
With that said, Flame Heart scrutinized Lu Ming again and said, “You possess Source Power control, but you’re not a Source Realm expert… You don’t even have Spiritual Pressure. However, your physical strength is higher than that of most Source Realm experts.”
“Can you tell me how you obtained your strength?”
Flame Heart really wanted to know the answer to this question.
However, Lu Ming did not seem inclined to share these details.
Lu Ming asked, “What about the Ancient Realm? What’s so special about the Ancient Realm?”
Flame Heart could tell that Lu Ming did not want to answer his question, but he did not pester him. He just smiled and shook his head, saying. “The Ancient Realm is the prerequisite stage of the Divine Spirit Realm. There’s even a saying that the Ancient Realm experts are the reserve divine spirit seedlings chosen by the supreme gods.”
“The key to this stage is adaptability to the essence of the gods and acceptance of the rules within the Black Mist Zone. In summary, the purpose of the Ancient Realm is that one needs to adapt to the prerequisite of the Divine Source: the power of the natural order to complete the preparations before ascending the Heaven Ascension Stairs.”
Lu Ming was at a loss.
There were many terms mentioned that he could not understand.
Flame Heart could see that Lu Ming was confused, and he said, “You’re still weak, and you don’t need to know all these things. When your strength reaches the appropriate stage, you’ll naturally understand everything.”
“But before that…”
As he spoke, Flame Heart clenched his fists and gently tapped them together.
The two fists collided and produced a “clang” metallic sound!
He smiled and said, “1 want to play a game with you.”
“Defeat me, kill me! Then I’ll give you something fun.”
“Otherwise, die.”
“What do you think?”


CHAPTER-248
Chapter 248: Force!

Lu Ming felt that Flame Heart’s proposal was not quite feasible.
In the Origin State, Lu Ming’s mental state was no longer as irritable as in the Explosive State or even the Desperation State.
He looked at Flame Heart and said softly, “1 actually think that you, as a person… no, you, as a being, are not that bad. If you promise me to withdraw the Dream Virus scattered outside, I can consider living peacefully with you.”
When Lu Ming said this, he had a serious expression… Flame Heart could tell that Lu Ming really meant it.
But precisely because of that, Flame Heart felt somewhat helpless.
“Can you… represent everyone?”
“Can you represent those Aeonians?”
“More importantly, can you represent me?”
Lu Ming opened his mouth, but he could not say anything. After a moment, he could not help but say in a muffled voice, “No.”
Flame Heart shrugged, “Then there’s no need to discuss further.”
“Moreover…”
As he spoke, Flame Heart had already exerted strength in his legs and rushed towards Lu Ming.
At this moment, Flame Heart’s face was filled with a strange smile.
It was hard to describe what that smile represented…
Twisted berserk?
Or was it a smile of liberation?
“I really haven’t seen such an interesting guy like you in a long time!”
In the Origin State, Lu Ming had the same physique as in the Desperate State.
Furthermore, his body was more compressed, meaning that in the Origin State, Lu Ming’s strength was more condensed, and his speed and reflexes were even faster!
However, Flame Heart’s explosive power still shocked Lu Ming. He had never seen an opponent with such speed. He was not even significantly inferior to himself in his Origin State.
It was as if a violent wind was blowing towards him.
In the blink of an eye, Flame Heart had already appeared in front of Lu Ming.
He reached out with a punch, a simple jab that instantly struck Lu Ming’s face.
A loud “bang” rang out.
When Yan Xin’s fist collided with the Flame Shield, Lu Ming’s Flame Shield was shattered by the immense force. Even Lu Ming’s head was pushed back by the tremendous impact.
In return, Flame Heart was also affected by the reflective effect from the Flame Shield.
However, he effortlessly twisted his body with the help of this counterforce and delivered a powerful elbow strike to Lu Ming’s chest!
This elbow strike not only contained Flame Heart’s own power but also the reaction force that Flame Heart had suffered during the first attack.
There was a crisp “crack” sound.
Lu Ming’s Divine Flame Shield exploded on the spot. His entire body was sent flying, crashing into the hard wall of the laboratory!
“Combat skill!”
“This is a pure combat skill!”
As Lu Ming had crawled up from the corner of the wall and looked at Flame Heart, he furrowed his brow and said, to which Yan Xin nodded with a smile and said, “Yes, it’s pure combat skill.”
“After all, us Dream Clan people don’t rely on Source Power at all. So, we don’t have any fancy Source Power Skills?”
Lu Ming was slightly stunned before nodding, “That’s true…”
This was how it should be!
Since he did not rely on the Source Power system, how could he cultivate and master Source Power Skills?
“But your body…” Since he did not rely on Source Power, how could he have physical strength that was not inferior to mine?
Flame Heart patted his chest, “You’re talking about this… Since this is the foundation of the Dream Clan’s strength, the power of dream has come true.”
“With the power of dreams coming true as a support, 1 can have as much powerful physical strength as I want. 1 can become whatever 1 want… In fact, if 1 want you to die now, you have to die obediently.”
Lu Ming was immediately stunned.
Wasn’t he invincible?
Before Lu Ming could speak, Flame Heart had already said, “Of course, it’s not that exaggerated. There’s a limit to the power of Dream Realization. You can only achieve as much as you’ve stored.”
“Comparatively, directly affecting an enemy, like weakening your strength or making you die, consumes a lot of the power of making dreams come true and isn’t cost-effective.”
“The most cost-effective approach is to strengthen yourself, enhance your own strength, or add more attributes to yourself.”
Lu Ming was enlightened.
Yan Xin continued, “Now, our warm-up is over. What’s coming next is the real fun part!”
Saying this, Flame Heart did not give Lu Ming any reaction time.
Flame Heart swayed left and right and slid towards Lu Ming—this was completely a footwork technique among combat skills!
His speed was incredibly fast, and in the blink of an eye, he had once again appeared in front of Lu Ming.
Jab, right hook, knee strike, elbow strike.
Lu Ming blocked, parred, dodged sideways, and countered with an elbow strike.
Hand-to-hand combat level loo (max level) allowed Lu Ming to hold his own in this pure hand-to-hand exchange.
“However, there is indeed a gap in experience.”
The only spectator, the Crimson Queen, said softly.
As she watched the figure relentlessly attacking, the Crimson Queen seemed to be transported back thousands of years.
Flame Heart was the last emperor of the Flame Clan and a former quasi-divine-level expert.
He was also the origin of the Flame Clan’s extinction and perhaps its rebirth…
Flame Heart’s deeds and misdeeds were beyond a simple description in a few words.
However, the Crimson Queen knew one thing for sure.
“Lord Flame Heart is undoubtedly a top-tier combat genius of the Flame Clan…”
During the era when Flame Heart ruled the Flame Clan, the entire Flame Clan was plagued by internal and external troubles. He established the First Research Institute to develop powers that could rival the divine, but no one knew that Flame Heart himself was also one of the experimental subjects!
Number: 135!
Codename: Force!
Based on combat skills, he developed the ultimate technique that did not require Source Power but relied solely on physical strength to match the effects of Source Power Skills.
Other than Flame Heart, no one knew of the existence of this project.
This also meant that no one had witnessed the power of force.
Lu Ming was the first!
“Bang.”
Flame Heart’s hook hit Lu Ming’s face again.
However, the effect of this blow was completely different from before!
Flame Heart’s fist did not shatter. Instead, it penetrated through the protection of the Divine Fire Shield and struck Lu Ming’s body.
The Divine Fire Shield was completely ineffective!
At the same time, Lu Ming also felt a powerful force rushing into his cheek.
Boom!
Like a hand grenade, it exploded in Lu Ming’s face.
The explosion hit part of Lu Ming’s face, revealing the bloody muscle tissue under his face.
“Explosive Fist! How can it be an explosive fist!”
“And my Divine Fire Shield…”
“That’s right.” On the other side, Flame Heart grinned and said, “It’s the Explosive Fist, your specialty…”
“As for your Divine Fire Shield… I think you should have known long ago that since 1 don’t use Source Power, the defensive layer formed by Source Power naturally would not work against me, right?”
Lu Ming’s gaze was deep, “A characteristic of the Dream Clan?”
Flame Hear shook his head and said, “No, no, no. This is not a characteristic of the Dream Clan. This is just a simple technique.”
“A technique unique to me.”
“I call it Force!”


CHAPTER-249
Chapter 249: Before I Kill You

The Source Power Skills relied on the Source Power System.
Even a commonplace Source Power skill like the Explosive Fist required Source Power to activate.
Without Source Power, it was impossible for one to use Source Power Skills, no matter what!
“However, if I can use another power to replace Source Power as the activation energy for Source Power skill, can I use a Source Power skill in this way?”
Flame Heart asked this question and answered himself, “Yes.”
“Besides Source Power, there are other types of energy within the cells of life!”
“After all, will life die without Source Power? Of course not.”
“Therefore, I conducted a detailed study of this topic and indeed discovered an energy type that can replace Source Power.”
“It’s force.”
After saying this, Flame Heart slowly clenched his fists.
As a result, Lu Ming could clearly see the muscles on Flame Heart’s arm rapidly bulging, trembling, and contorting, finally converging on top of his fist like waves!
“This is force!”
“Force…”
Before Lu Ming could even contemplate this word, Flame Heart had already pressed down on him again.
It was still a combat skill.
But this time, Flame Heart did not hold back.
He fully employed Force in every move and every technique, and the result was terrifying!
The physical strength of Flame Heart was not inferior to Lu Ming’s in the Source State.
He did not possess Source Power to begin with and was not afraid of Lu Ming’s Source Power ability in the Origin State.
His every move and style contained Force techniques, rendering Lu Ming’s protective techniques completely ineffective. Lu Ming could only rely on his physical fitness to withstand the damage.
However, Flame Heart could also simulate the effects of Source Power skills with Force, explosively increasing his killing power. The explosive punch he delivered with Force had even higher damage potential than Lu Ming’s Micro-level Realm Explosive Fist!
In addition, Flame Heart’s experience in unarmed combat was also higher than Lu Ming’s…
This caused Lu Ming to quickly fall into a disadvantage in such an intense close combat!
Feinting, jabs, a jab blocked by Lu Ming, Flame Heart quickly changed tactics and executed a low kick, hitting Lu Ming’s thigh. Lu Ming’s legs went weak, but he used the momentum to deliver a headbutt to Flame Heart’s chest, forcing him back.
After quickly alleviating the soreness in his thigh, Lu Ming straightened his body and looked at Flame Heart.
“Your defense isn’t right either!”
It was one thing that Lu Ming’s own body fortification technique was ineffective.
But he discovered that Flame Heart had a protective layer on him, similar to a body protection technique but not quite the same.
This protective layer could greatly reduce the damage dealt to Flame Heart.
This meant that Flame Heart’s attacks caused excruciating pain to Lu Ming, while Lu Ming’s attacks on Flame Heart had little effect.
Hearing this, Flame Heart casually took off his upper garment, revealing his muscular upper body.
Lu Ming focused his gaze and could see that the muscles on Flame Heart’s upper body were subtly undulating, with a rhythm that seemed strangely familiar to him.
“This is…”
“Divine Fire Shield, your Divine Fire Shield.”
“If 1 use the Divine Fire Shield in the form of Force, not only can I provide myself with a defense layer that even Source Power can’t penetrate, but it’s also the key to my attack, to bypass the defense of the Divine Fire Shield.”
After saying this, Flame Heart slowly stretched out two fingers.
“So, to summarize, there are two characteristics of Force.”
“One, it can produce effects comparable to or even surpassing Source Power Skills purely through physical strength, completely independent of source power.”
“Two, to replace Source Power with Force and simulate a Body Protection technique, nullifying the opponent’s Body Protection technique, while providing protection for oneself.”
After saying that, Flame Heart paused for a moment and sighed inexplicably before continuing, “From these two points, the power of the Force is actually far above the Source Power System. When a Force expert with the same physical strength fights a Source Power expert with the same physical strength, the Force expert will definitely have the advantage.”
“When I first discovered this, I was actually quite smug, thinking I had found a shortcut.”
“However, as 1 researched further, I discovered a very huge problem.”
Lu Ming immediately added, “Without Source Power, there’s no physical strength comparable to a Source Power expert.”
Flame Heart sighed and nodded, “Yes.”
Of course, this conclusion was drawn before the Dream System appeared.
However, at this moment, be it Flame Heart or Lu Ming, neither of them included the Dream System in their discussion.
Flame Heart continued, “Source power is an extraordinary factor that can surpass the limits of the physical body. Without source power, anyone’s body has its limit. This limit is pathetic and laughable even when compared to Mortal Realm Source Power cultivators!”
“Therefore, I understood one thing, that the path of Force is only a skill and not the Dao.”
“It has a certain effect when paired with the Source Power System, but without relying on the Source Power System, the path of Force is nothing.”
After saying this, Flame Heart looked up at Lu Ming.
A curious glint flashed across his eyes and he repeated the question he had just asked.
“So can you tell me how you obtained your physical strength?”
“Is it the strength of Source Power or something else? 1 don’t know what kind of strength it is.”
Lu Ming instantly fell silent.
The strength of the system was actually not the strength of Source Power.
This could be verified from one thing—before becoming an Awakened, Lu Ming could also use the system to farm attributes.
At that time, Lu Ming had yet to become an Awakened, so naturally, the Source Power had not entered Lu Ming’s body and fused with his cells. However, Lu Ming’s body could still break through human limits and reach heights stronger than Awakeners!
After Lu Ming became an Awakened, the Source Power had indeed entered his body. However, Lu Ming did not think that the subsequent increase in his physical strength was brought about by the Source Power. This was because he had never heard of anyone else without a system who could increase their physical strength by cultivating Source Power Skills (other than Body Forging Techniques).
Therefore, Lu Ming was more inclined to believe that his strength originated from the system and not the Source Power.
Seeing Lu Ming’s silence, Flame Heart came to a realization.
“Even if you don’t say it, I understand.”
“After all, at your age, even if you cultivate Body Forging techniques from your mother’s womb, it’s impossible to be as strong as you are now.”f
He smiled at Lu Ming, the light in his eyes frightening!
But it was not a malicious light.
Instead, it was more like the light of hope and anticipation upon seeing a rare talent.
“I didn’t expect to see an anomaly like you in my last days.”
“Kid, what’s your name?”
“Lu Ming, my name is Lu Ming,” Lu Ming answered honestly.
He had also realized something by now.
From Flame Heart’s standpoint, he did not seem to be an enemy. He had shared so much with him, not out of the typical villain’s tendency to talk too much, but more like a teacher who had seen a promising student and wanted to mentor him.
As expected, Flame Heart smiled and asked, “Then do you want to learn my Force technique?”
Lu Ming nodded sincerely, “Yes.”
Flame Heart immediately burst into laughter, but his smile seemed a bit eerie.
“If you want to learn, you have to prove to me that you’re qualified to learn Force technique!”
As soon as he finished speaking, Flame Heart had already rushed towards Lu Ming with a sinister smile!
His punches and kicks rained down on Lu Ming like a storm, accompanied by Flame Heart’s voice echoing in Lu Ming’s ears.
“Practical combat is the best teaching!”
“Right now, our physical strengths are comparable. If you want to defeat me, there’s only one way.”
“Use the same Force technique to go for that slim possibility!”
“So, Lu Ming, you don’t have much time left…”
“Do your best to observe, imitate, learn, and then surpass …”
“Before I kill you!”


CHAPTER-250
Chapter 250: Monster

“Lord Flame Heart, you’re still so stubborn…”
As she watched Flame Heart once again launching a relentless assault on Lu Ming, the Crimson Queen thought to herself.
As Flame Heart’s creation, the Crimson Queen understood and empathized with him.
He had always been a lonely person.
After all, geniuses were always lonely.
With absolute talent, he had reached the highest position of the Flame Clan, excluding the gods.
After ascending the throne, he faced a chaotic mess of internal and external problems.
With the greatest determination, he researched other extraordinary paths in an attempt to find a way out for the entire Flame Clan.
In the eyes of the Three kings, he was a lunatic.
However, the Crimson Queen felt that Lord Flame Heart was just a persistent Seeker.
If the Dream System was the “Path” of the entire Flame Clan,
“In that case, Force is my Path!”
“I’ve sacrificed almost everything for this Path! Why would 1 entrust it to a useless fellow?!”
Either he could display his talent, or be crushed by me!
It could be clearly seen that at this moment, Flame Heart’s eyes were filled with ferocity and murderous intent.
“If the Force falls into the hands of an incompetent person, it’s better to let it disappear into the river of history!”
“Boom!”
A heavy punch sent Lu Ming flying.
Lu Ming half-squatted and looked at Flame Heart, blood slowly trickling from the corner of his mouth.
“I’m going to die…”
“I’ll really die…”
Looking at the tall and strong Flame Heart, Lu Ming narrowed his eyes and gently wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth.
This battle was indeed a form of teaching.
But Flame Heart’s teaching method was clearly flawed.
He did not hold back at all, and the sheer naked killing intent in his punches and kicks even made Lu Ming’s hair stand on end!
At this moment, Lu Ming was undoubtedly facing a life and death crisis.
However, Lu Ming did not have any intention of using his free attribute points or Divine Source Points.
Slowly standing up, Lu Ming raised his fists, took a stance, and prepared for combat.
The clothes on his body had long been torn, revealing his strong and tense body underneath.
“Exhale.”
“Inhale.”
Accompanied by clear breathing sounds, the muscles on Lu Ming’s body began to undulate.
This scene left Flame Heart momentarily stunned.
Then he heard Lu Ming’s voice, clear and resonant in his ears.
“Genius?”
“While there might be a hint of self-praise, I have to admit that the word ■genius’ seems to have been designed for me!”
Before obtaining the system, Lu Ming actually did not show much talent or aptitude.
But when the apocalypse arrived, and after awakening the system, Lu Ming’s entire life underwent a profound transformation!
The system brought more than just a channel to enhance his strength.
It helped Lu Ming break the shackles of his body.
It also gave Lu Ming an incredibly powerful learning talent!
How could a normal person master hand-to-hand combat and marksmanship to the pinnacle of human ability in just dozens or hundreds of days?
How could a normal person cultivate even the weakest Source Power Skill to the level of a Divine Power Realm, within a short period of time!?
This was not just the system’s assistance.
Lu Ming’s keen perception was also a factor.
Therefore, it was not an exaggeration to say that Lu Ming’s innate learning and comprehension abilities were unparalleled in the entire Black Mist Zone!
At this moment, everyone could see Lu Ming’s muscles began to undulate and tremble.
His appearance was completely the same as Flame Heart’s physical performance just now!
“It’s actually very simple to explain the so-called Force.”
“It’s a technique to circulate muscle strength according to the flow of source power!”
Yan Xin had actually already explained the principle very clearly just now.
The bodies of superhumans contained Source Power, and the effectiveness of source power skills relied on mobilizing the source power inside the superhumans through specific internal circulation routes and breathing rhythms!
Any offensive or defensive Source Power Skill all fell under this category.
And the Force technique was about using muscle strength instead of source power – though the principle was simple, it was complex in practice.
This was because Source Power was equivalent to “internal strength,” while muscle strength was just “external strength”- similar to the distinction between internal and external martial arts in Chinese martial arts.
To replace Source Power with muscle strength, the key point was to mobilize the deep muscle tissues in the body to exert strength and evolve this muscle strength into a form similar to internal strength.
“Internal organs and muscles…”
“The key to exerting Force lies in the muscle squirming of the internal organs and other deep tissues.”
Only in this way could muscle strength surge forth and replace the circulation of Source Power and simulate the effects of Source Power skill!
Flame Heart fell silent.
He watched as the muscles on Lu Ming’s body squirmed violently. Soon, the light of the Divine Fire Shield on Lu Ming’s body disappeared without a trace.
However, the heat did not disappear.
There seemed to be an invisible protective shield on Lu Ming’s body that was constantly trembling and emitting intense heat.
Layered muscles were wriggling and converging at the tips of Lu Ming’s fists..
As Lu Ming casually threw a punch, a complete Fist Force Dragon emerged from Lu Ming’s fist, swirling around him.
This was the Explosive Fist Force.
However, it was not the Explosive Fist Force of the Source Power System!
Instead, it was the Explosive Fist Force of the Force System!
The difference in their destructive power was incomparable!
Lu Ming gently stroked the head of the Fist Force Dragon and grinned, his expression somewhat sinister, “It’s quite simple, really.”
“At least, for me, it’s really not difficult at all.”
“Monster.”
At this moment, this word uncontrollably surfaced in the heart of Flame Heart.
But soon, he heaved a sigh of relief.
“Good, very good.”
It was even better if he was a monster!
“In that case, there’s nothing to regret.”
With this thought in mind, Flame Heart strode towards Lu Ming slowly.
He walked faster and faster, more and more urgently!
Until his entire person lunged at Lu Ming, like a sharp sword.
The clash of fists and feet once again sounded, and the two of them dodged and moved swiftly, creating gusts of strong winds and afterimages.
At this point, with both of them mastering the technique of using Force, the battle was no longer one-sided but evenly matched, incredibly difficult to decipher!
Seeing this scene, the Crimson Queen suddenly had a clear premonition.
“It’s over…”
In just three seconds, the shadows of fists and feet suddenly subsided.
Everyone saw…
Flame Heart stretched out his finger and lightly tapped Lu Ming’s forehead.
And Lu Ming stared wide-eyed, looking down at his right fist.
His right fist had completely penetrated Flame Heart’s chest, and a large amount of black energy sprayed out from Flame Heart’s chest wound, infiltrating Lu Ming’s pores and entering his body.
The system notification sound boomed in his ears, but Lu Ming was not in the mood to check the system.
He just let out a sigh.
“Why didn’t you dodge? It was just a simple straight punch…”
Flame Heart shook his head gently, “I’m tired. It’s time to rest.”
Accompanied by Lu Ming’s deep gaze, his entire body disappeared like smoke.
Name: Lu Ming
Level: Physique Realm, Level 5.
Strength: 63650
Physique: 63650
Agility: 63300
Free Attribute Points: 31650
Divine Source Points: 44
Superhuman Abilities:
Self-Limitation of the Body.
2: Void Realm (Intermediate).
Force (Beginner): A high-level force execution technique that substitutes muscle strength for source power. When using force to execute source power skill, the effect will surpass that of using source power alone.
Elementary force can provide you with enhanced bodily control and coordination, significantly boosts your comprehension of source power skills, and accelerates your cultivation speed of source power skills.
Current Cultivation Amplification Rate: 2 times.
Additional Attribute: Qi Sense: In combat, you can perceive the subtle muscle movements and the flow of source power within your opponent’s body, allowing you to predict the enemy’s initiative!
Dream Blessing: You have received the blessing of the power of dreams.You have obtained the Deep Disguise ability.
Deep Disguise: Effectively prevents high-level experts from spying on you, and safeguards your secrets and uniqueness..


CHAPTER-251
Chapter 251: It’s Over

The Chaotic Domain.
Morro City was located deep within the Chaotic Domain and was one of the top cities in the entire Chaotic Domain.
And at the moment when Flame Heart vanished like smoke, in the underground of Morro City, a creature that had concealed most of its body in darkness slowly opened its eyes.
It was impossible to see the creature’s entire appearance, but what could be seen was that its skin, which was exposed, was covered in numerous large and small eyeballs!
Upon closer inspection, these eyeballs were extremely similar to the Dream Source.
It was the true Dream Source! The current Dream Source! The Dream Source that had evolved once again!
A muffled mutter suddenly resounded, echoing in the entire underground space.
“Flame Heart is dead.”
“He died for me.”
“Oh, very good. This is very good.”
“In that case, the Aeonians probably won’t discover that I faked my death and escaped.”
The Aeonians were undoubtedly a huge mountain pressing on the Dream Source.
This race was powerful and meddlesome. To the mutants, they were like the Sword of Damocles hanging above their heads.
Any new mutated species needed time to develop. What the Aeonians loved to do the most was to extinguish the source of danger, and destroy the enemies when they were weak!
In short… Although he did not know if Flame Heart’s death could deceive the Aeonians, he would give the Dream Source a try. It would be best if it succeeded, but no big deal if it did not.
This was because Flame Heart was not important to it.
“Of course, I’m not someone who goes back on my word.”
“You helped me at the cost of your life, and I’ll give your Flame Clan a chance to survive.”
“Flame Heart, when the day comes that I can walk openly under the sky and on the earth, your Flame Clan will also awaken from the dream and walk among humans again.”
“In the form of the Dream Clan…”
Hence, the muttering gradually ceased.
Inside the First Research Institute.
Lu Ming closed his attribute panel and stared silently at the place where Flame Heart had disappeared, for a long time.
After a long while, he nodded gently and said, “Thank you.”
This “thank you” came from the bottom of Lu Ming’s heart.
Flame Heart was not a very good teacher.
But at least, he was sincerely teaching Lu Ming something, and Lu Ming had gained a great deal from it.
Although he did not understand why this guy wanted to die… now that things had come to this point, Lu Ming did not want to dig deeper.
“It’s over…”
If the Dream Source virus was dead, everything would end… right?
A vague thought crossed Lu Ming’s mind, and he slapped his forehead. “The Dream Source is dead, but what about the dream virus? Did it really disappear?”
Lu Ming did not know…
Until the female mechanical voice echoed in Lu Ming’s ears.
“No, the Dream Virus won’t dissipate.”
The virus that had spread would not disappear with the death of the source.
Lu Ming was stunned for a moment before saying, “You are…”
“The artificial intelligence here, my name is the Crimson Queen.”
Lu Ming asked again, “Then…”
However, before Lu Ming could speak again, the Crimson Queen’s emotionless voice sounded again,”Project One is confirmed to be dead, and the self-destruct program has been activated.”
“In three minutes, this place will fuse with the Void and no longer exist.”
“It’s not too late for you to run now.”
Lu Ming,”???”
Ten minutes later.
Zhuang Zun woke up groggily from his nightmare in a daze.
He looked around in confusion and realized he was in the cave from before.
His teammates also sat up from the ground, equally dazed.
Zhuang Zun knocked his head and felt that his consciousness was somewhat hazy.
“What’s going on?”
“And the massacre of the castle just now…”
“It’s a nightmare. You were pulled into a nightmare by Project One.”
A voice came from behind him, and Zhuang Zun turned in surprise, only to find an unremarkable, muscular man sitting behind him and the others.
Zhuang Zun had never seen Lu Ming before. It was Ivy who said, “Mr. Lu, what’s going on?…”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and said, “Here’s what happened…”
He selectively recounted a portion of everything that happened in the research institute. Of course, the logic of this part was self-consistent.
He probably left out his conversation with Flame Heart and the teaching session on Force techniques. Instead, he described a fierce battle with Project One, in which he barely managed to defeat his opponent. It led to a fierce battle with Project One, in which he barely managed to defeat his opponent.
In short, there were no major issues.
Looking at Zhuang Zun and the other three, Lu Ming continued, “The source of the Dream Virus has indeed been resolved, but the Dream Virus that has already spread will not dissipate with the death of the source.”
“As for this issue, I don’t have a solution.”
Lu Ming shrugged and said.
Zhuang Zun nodded and said, “It’s fine. We’ll take care of the rest. Mr. Lu, you’ve done enough.”
“Then, can I ask how you plan to deal with the remaining problems?”
Facing Lu Ming’s question, Zhuang Zun thought for a moment and said, “We’ll report to our superiors and get stronger experts involved to quickly deal with the remaining Dream Virus and minimize casualties.”
Lu Ming nodded in understanding and fell silent.
Day 231 of the Black Mist Calendar.
Lu Ming, Zhuang Zun, and the other two returned to Archean City.
Ignoring all the trivial matters related to the Dream Virus in this area, Lu Ming returned to his room and entered the Void Space to begin his cultivation.
The goal of this cultivation was Force!
Standing in the Void Space, Lu Ming circulated his muscle strength to transform it into Force.
From the Explosive Fist, to the Divine Fire Shield, to the Flame Vein Breathing Technique, to the Flame Fire Body Forging Technique, and finally to the Atomic Sword Technique.
Soon, Lu Ming relaxed his Force and sat cross-legged on the ground, lost in thought.
“Force is indeed a substitute for Source Power, or rather, it should be said to be a high-level substitute.”
“An offensive Source Power Skill executed with Force is even more powerful. On the other hand, a Body Protection Technique executed with Force has the effect of protecting oneself, and it can also completely bypass the opponent’s defensive techniques.”
These two characteristics made the combat strength of the Force system far exceed the Source Power system.
“But there’s still the same issue that this is a skill, not a Dao.”
The fact that Force could not circulate the breathing technique meant that the Force system did not have a complete advancement chain.
Similarly, Force could not circulate the Body Forging technique. This meant that Force could not enhance Lu Ming’s physical fitness.
This was just a technique, not another path to transcendence.
It was no wonder that the Force system was given such a low project number.
“On the other hand, I kind of understand the double cultivation amplification.”
Using Force to execute a Source Power Skill requires a thorough understanding of the relevant Source Power Skill – familiarity with how Source Power Skill operates, how Source Power flows, and the rhythm of breathing, and then substituting Force for it.
This was much more difficult than regular cultivation to begin with. Correspondingly, it requires a higher level of proficiency in the skill acquired.
“So, the significance of Force for me is twofold, firstly, it’s an amplification tool for cultivation, and secondly, it can be used as a hidden trump card.”
In short, Lu Ming had gained quite a bit.
Thinking of Flame Heart again, Lu Ming opened his attribute panel and looked at the line of words that read Dream Blessings on the attribute panel.
After a long while, Lu Ming sighed.
“Thank you.”
Previously, Lu Ming had said thank you, but these two thank yous were for different things.
One was for the guidance provided.
The other was for the legacy after death.
Lu Ming was indeed special.
Most people could not see what was special about him.
But, in the Black Mist Zone, there was no lack of extraordinary individuals.
Since Flame Heart could see something special in Lu Ming, the others would surely notice his uniqueness as well.
The Deep Disguise that Flame Heart had given Lu Ming, solved this problem to a certain extent.
Lu Ming sighed once more and kept this favor in his heart, then got up to begin his cultivation..


CHAPTER-252
Chapter 252: He Qing

Four days later, on the 235th day of the Black Mist Calendar, at noon.
Coincidentally, when Lu Ming was going out to have lunch, Heluo approached him.
“Mr. Lu.”
From afar, Heluo bowed and greeted Lu Ming. Lu Ming took a few bites of the meat in his mouth and swallowed it. He nodded at Heluo and said, “Hello, what’s the matter?”
Heluo then approached and smiled at Lu Ming. “Mr. Lu, our Elder from the Eternal Clan’s Sky Monitoring Bureau arrived in Archean City this morning. He expressed a desire to meet you. Do you have time?”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and said, “Sure.”
On the way to the living room, Heluo informed Lu Ming of many things.
Two days ago, the reinforcements from the Eternal Clan had already arrived at Archean City.
The so-called reinforcements were the elder He Luo had mentioned.
“He Qing, my grandfather, is a quasi divine-level expert in the Sky Monitoring Bureau.”
When Heluo said this, there was no hint of arrogance; she was simply stating a fact.
There was no pride on her face, and it was impossible to tell that she had such a powerful background.
Before Lu Ming could say anything, Heluo continued, “Actually, Grandpa is not here for the Dream Virus. His purpose for coming here is to deal with the matter of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.”
“But that’s not really related to us. The key is that when Grandpa takes action, he never fails.”
When a quasi-divine level expert acted, problems were effortlessly solved.
In just one day, the Dream Virus that had plagued everyone in Archean City had already been completely eradicated by He Qing.
“There’s also the matter of your generation of Tribulation Transcenders…”
Speaking of this, Heluo smiled and looked at Lu Ming, her eyes filled with astonishment.
She had only learned a couple of days ago that the man before her, named Lu Ming, was actually a contemporary tribulation transcender! It had only been less than two years since he embarked on the path of a superhuman!
Such strength and talent had even won praises from the quasi-divine-level expert, Heluo’s grandfather, He Qing.
Lu Ming modestly shook his head and said, “I was just lucky.”
As they chatted, they arrived at the meeting room.
When they entered, Lu Ming saw Roda, Huo Sheng, Zhuang Zun, and the others standing in the room. At the head of the table sat a slightly sloppy old man.
The old man had silver hair, but it was far from neatly groomed; it looked rather messy.
He was wearing a loose robe that was not well-fitted, with some oil stains and smudges on it.
He was wearing a pair of open-toed sandals.
At this moment, the old man was sitting cross-legged on a high-backed chair, pinching his own ankle, and sipping the hot tea offered by Roda.
When he saw Lu Ming walk into the room, the old man’s eyes lit up.
He got up from the armchair and walked over to Lu Ming, inspecting him from left to right, occasionally making clicking sounds with his tongue.
Lu Ming felt a little uneasy under the old man’s scrutiny, but Heluo whispered, “My grandfather means no harm, he’s just…”
“I’m just a little curious. Little friend, don’t take offense.”
He Qing laughed, walked up to Lu Ming and patted his shoulder.
A gentle force brushed past Lu Ming’s shoulder and a concealed surge of Source Power entered his body.
Lu Ming’s heart tightened.
This was a test from a quasi-divine-level expert!
Testing was inevitable.
Lu Ming had risen too quickly and his speed of becoming stronger was completely illogical.
Now that he was facing He Qing, a quasi-divine-level expert, who was curious, Lu Ming would not hide—strong individuals did not need to conceal their goals from weaker ones.
So, testing became a matter of course.
However, He Qing could not discern anything…
After retracting his hand, He Qing glanced at Lu Ming again but could not see any unusual signs.
He could only laugh loudly to ease the awkwardness and said, “Good! You’re indeed an excellent seedling!”
“Compared to the super geniuses in our Eternal Clan, you’re not inferior at all!”
As a prominent clan of the current era, the Eternal Clan did indeed have super geniuses who had broken through from the Mortal Realm to the Source Realm in less than two years.
But one had to know that this was a small probability event that could only be achieved under the premise of unlimited resources supply.
Lu Ming, on the other hand, had risen from obscurity and was already considered exceptional…
“However, the appearance of the Tribulation Transcenders is an era where monstrous talents are produced. While Little Brother Lu is impressive, you don’t become complacent.”
Old Man He Qing patted Lu Ming’s shoulder again, but he tested him again.
Lu Ming remained unfazed, and He Qing naturally could not discern anything.
At this point, Old Man He Qing finally dispelled his doubts. He sat back on the high-backed armchair shakily and smiled at Lu Ming, saying, “Little Brother Lu, don’t blame me for being thieving. It’s really because we have to be careful in these turbulent times.”
Lu Ming nodded in understanding.
But as for what he was thinking in his heart, only Lu Ming himself knew.
Excluding the fact that he was prone to stealing, Old Man He Qing was actually quite a nice person.
He was very easy-going and did not have the airs of a quasi-divine-level expert.
Moreover, he was a little talkative, like an old man in the village who enjoyed chatting and telling stories. His words were humorous and witty, and he knew a lot.
“It’s said that every generation of Tribulation Transcenders is chosen by the Supreme Gods, and inevitably, there will be great talents among them. It seems that Brother Lu Ming is probably the giant whale among this generation of tribulation transcenders.”
The old man drank his tea and said in a joking tone.
Lu Ming raised an eyebrow, “Giant whale?”
“Hmm, it’s a more colloquial expression. You can also call it a leader or a big brother who takes the lead. Anyway, it means something like that,” He Qing explained.
He Qing waved his hand to indicate that this was a small matter. Then, he looked at Lu Ming and said, “I’ve also heard about you southerners from my granddaughter. Our Eternal Clan tolerates all races. If you want to seek refuge, you’ve come to the right people.”
“Coincidentally, our Eternal Clan has vast territory, and 1 have control over a province, located near the Hundred Thousand Mountains.”
“Why don’t we allocate a piece of land in Qinghe Province for your Nanxiang people?”
As he spoke, the old man, He Qing, glanced at Heluo, and he saw her nodding with a satisfied smile, clearly approving of her grandfather’s arrangement.
He Qing also smiled dotingly, and said, “Let’s go with that, then.”
It’s unclear whether it was due to Lu Ming’s influence or if Huo Sheng and Meng Jie had whispered something to Heluo.
Heluo had clearly exerted significant effort in this matter.
Now that things were mostly resolved, Lu Ming could finally breathe a sigh of relief. He thanked He Qing sincerely, and He Qing chuckled, “By the way, I have a few grandchildren at home who are not doing well. When you go to Qinghe Province, you can give them some guidance and set an example for them. It will save those little rascals from loafing around and not doing anything productive.”
Lu Ming thought for a moment and said, “To be honest, I’m not planning to go to Qinghe Province.”
Upon hearing this, Old Man He Qing was slightly taken aback.
After a brief thought, He Qing nodded in understanding, “1 see. Since you’re a giant, you definitely wouldn’t want to settle down in a corner.”
“However, Little Brother Lu… I think you have to move this time even if you don’t want to…”
Lu Ming immediately frowned, but He Qing waved his hand with a smile, “I’m not threatening you. It’s just that your Archean City and the Hundred Thousand Mountains are about to face a crisis..”


CHAPTER-253
Chapter 253: Decision

As soon as He Qing finished speaking, everyone present was stunned.
Even Heluo was puzzled.
Obviously, no one really understood the meaning behind He Qing’s words.
Old Man He Qing let out a sigh and said, “The reason why 1 could rush to Archean City so quickly is because I didn’t set off from the Eternal Clan, but because I was here.”
The old man raised his hand and pointed to the west.
“My original task was to deal with the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.”
“But there’s a major problem with this task.”
With that said, He Qing looked at Roda and continued, “Coincidentally, Little Roda is here too, so I’ll tell you what’s going on with your neighbor.”
He Qing went on to explain, and everyone listened attentively.
He first talked about the cooperation between the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, the Giant Clan, and the Insect Clan.
Lu Ming and the others did not know about this matter.
“In short, although our department concluded that this Blood Flesh Mother Tree will definitely trigger a divine war, the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan, who have already tasted the benefits, don’t care about our warnings at all.”
The Blood Flesh Mother Tree could mass-produce the qualifications for ascending to the heavens.
At this stage, both the Giant Clan and the Insect Clan had already gained tremendous profits from the Mother Tree.
They considered the Mother Tree to be a treasure, and anyone who wanted to harm it had to get through these two first-rate clans.
It had to be known that both clans had divine beings suppressing them and they had now reached a certain level of offensive and defensive cooperation treaty. With the power of the two clans combined, even the Eternal Clan could not underestimate them.
Speaking of the negotiation process, Old Man He Qing could not help but clap, “I told them that this Blood Flesh Mother Tree was the source of the divine war, and they told me that if the Eternal Clan wanted to touch the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, it meant that we were deliberately provoking a divine war. It seems like they turned it into a logical loop.”
“And now, the Undead Clan has also clashed with these two clans, and the three sides are fighting fiercely outside the Dark Grassland. I reported to my superiors, and it seems that even our divine beings can’t mediate the conflicts here.”
“So, as for the matter of the Blood Flesh Blood Mother Tree, our Eternal Clan will no longer interfere…”
If we were to talk about who was benefiting the most in Nanxiang,
it would definitely be the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
It had gained benefits by taking advantage of the two major clans, and had the protection of two divine beings!
In this situation, the Eternal Clan could not intervene even if they wanted to.
If one did not intervene, a divine war might not happen.
If one intervened, a divine war would likely break out soon…
“The purpose of the existence of the Sky Monitoring Bureau is to maintain order in the Black Mist Zone. We shouldn’t actively create a greater disaster just to destroy the source of calamity, right?”
Therefore, the current situation was:
“You, the Undead Clan, the Insect Clan, the Giant Clan, and the Blood Flesh Mother Tree, can fight as you please.
Even if they fought till their minds were hurt and they became stupid, the Eternal Clan did not care anymore.
The Sky Monitoring Bureau would just turn a blind eye to the divine-level calamity of the Blood Flesh Mother Tree.
“But we have made a constraint, that the war between the three clans will be bounded by the Hundred Thousand Mountains. We strictly prohibit the Blood Flesh Mother Tree from crossing the Hundred Thousand Mountains and appearing in the territory of the Eternal Clan.”
The territory of the Eternal Clan was far away on the other side of the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
As long as the Blood Flesh Mother Tree did not appear in the territory of the Eternal Clan, everyone could live in harmony.
“As for Archean City and the Hundred Thousand Mountains, they are not included in this agreement.”
Archean City was inconspicuous to begin with.
The Hundred Thousand Mountains were an unclaimed area.
The Eternal Clan obviously would not protect these two places.
They even considered these two places as buffer zones.
“And now, the war between the three clans is getting more intense. The war might spread to this side in a matter of months.”
At this point, He Qing looked at Lu Ming and Roda and said solemnly, “So let’s go to the Eternal Clan. Keep your distance from them and don’t get involved in this.”
As He Qing finished speaking, everyone present fell into silence.
Among them, Luo Da and Lu Ming were the ones with the most complicated feelings.
Roda was the City Lord of Archean City, and this place was his home.
And Lu Ming was the leader of the Land God Association. Although Lu Ming did not care about the Land God Association, he was comfortable staying in Archean City.
To Lu Ming, Archean City was a relatively good place for seclusion.
However, now that He Qing had made it clear that this place was about to be destroyed…
This really messed up his mentality.
Seeing the silence of those present, He Qing added, “So, tomorrow, I’ll leave with my men tomorrow. You should think carefully tonight about the pros and cons of leaving with me. If you choose to go with me, we will leave together tomorrow.”
“If you choose not to go with me, you can stay here for a period of time, but you’ll have to handle everything on your own.”
Once the war spread here, it would not be a small matter.
With the ongoing war between the three clans, many Source Realm experts had already taken action, and even Ancient Realm experts had appeared.
Once they got involved, the danger would be immense.
Even if they did not get involved, it would not be safe to go alone through the Hundred Thousand Mountains to the territory of the Eternal Clan—there were Ancient Realm exotic beasts lurking deep in the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
Seeing that Lu Ming did not make a decision for a long time, He Qing shook his head.
“You guys take care of yourselves.”
With that, He Qing immediately disappeared without a trace.
That night, Lu Ming, who was cultivating, was woken up by a knock on the door.
“Please come in.”
Roda walked into the room.
“Brother Lu.”
“Hmph. What’s the matter?”
“I’ve decided not to leave with Grandpa He Qing.”
Lu Ming was not surprised by Roda’s decision.
“King Lin’s inheritance hasn’t been fully absorbed by me yet, and besides, I have a safe route from the Hundred Thousand Mountains to the Eternal Clan’s territory.”
“Although it’s a bit slower and slightly more unpredictable in terms of danger, at least it’s usable.”
With that said, Roda paused for a moment and continued, “What I mean is that if Brother Lu doesn’t want to leave and wants to stay in Archean City for a while, you don’t have to worry about an exit route.”
After Roda finished speaking, Lu Ming nodded.
“Got it. Thank you.”
Roda grinned, “Why are we talking about this between friends?”
Less than two minutes after Roda left, there was another knock on Lu Ming’s door.
“Please come in.”
As Lu Ming’s voice fell, Huo Sheng, Zhang Chengcheng, Wei Lan, and Faia entered the room.
Seeing these people, a smile appeared on Lu Ming’s face.
Before Lu Ming could say anything, Huo Sheng had already sat down in front of him.
“So…”
Although he did not raise any questions, Lu Ming already knew what Huo Sheng wanted to say.
He simply replied, “I’m not leaving.”
“I’ve decided not to leave Archean City and I’ll go to the Eternal Clan territory with you all.”
Going to the Eternal Clan’s territory with He Qing and the others had both pros and cons.
The advantage was that it was safer there.
The disadvantage was that there were too many experts there.
Lu Ming, with the system in his body, was special.
Flame Heart recognized this uniqueness but actively helped Lu Ming conceal it. This also meant that He Qing did not see Lu Ming’s uniqueness, but it was uncertain whether the divine beings of the Eternal Clan would notice it.
Dream Realm Blessing: Deep-layer camouflage is not unsolvabie.
Just a simple trade-off was enough to support Lu Ming’s decision not to leave.
“I see…” Huo Sheng sighed deeply and looked at Lu Ming with a solemn gaze.
He stood up and bowed deeply to Lu Ming.
“Thank you.”
Thank you for the protection and sacrifice you have made during this period of time.
Lu Ming just nodded slightly in response.
He gladly accepted Huo Sheng’s gratitude..


CHAPTER-254
Chapter 254: Farewell

The complex relationship between Lu Ming and the people of Nanxiang could not be explained in just a few words.
But one thing had to be acknowledged.
Lu Ming had given much more than he had received!
Because of Lu Ming, the people of Nanxiang could survive the crisis time and time again.
Because of Lu Ming, the people of Nanxiang were able to establish a connection with the Eternal Clan.
Because of Lu Ming’s efforts, He Qing and Heluo started to value the people of Nanxiang, offering them better conditions and a slightly smoother path for their future.
In the past, Lu Ming was the guardian of Nanxiang.
Now, that role had been taken over by theEternal Clan.
Although he did not say it out loud, Lu Ming felt a sense of relief.
It was as if a heavy burden had been lifted from his shoulders.
Huo Sheng also smiled and said, “I’ve always felt like I owe you.”
“You’ve given us so much, but we’ve given you so little.”
“Actually, anyone with a brain could see your potential. Someone like you should never be restricted or constrained.”
“In the past, we were actually the ones constraining you.”
“To be honest, there were several times when i wanted to help you break free from these constraints.”
For example, he wanted to send Bai Tianyu and Duan Mei on a journey through the Hundred Thousand Mountains to find the Eternal Clan.
For example, after moving into the Hundred Thousand Mountains, Huo Sheng reduced the size of their gathering place.
“What a shame…”
At this point, Huo Sheng smiled and shook his head, “We can’t do without you, that’s for sure.”
He sighed, and though he was smiling, his expression was somewhat complex.
Huo Sheng took a deep breath, “In short, if you need anything in the future, look for us. We’ll do everything we can to help, even if it seems impossible!”
As he spoke, he stood up, “And Nanxiang will always be your home.”
With that said, Lu Ming also stood up and hugged Huo Sheng.
Huo Sheng smiled and looked at the three women who were present.
“We should give them some time. I’ll be leaving now.”
Huo Sheng stood up and left.
Only Lu Ming, Zhang Chengcheng, Wei Lan, and Fala remained in the room.
“Mr. Lu, my grandfather has decided to go to the Eternal Clan, and I’ll go with him.”
Fala was the first to speak.
She looked at Lu Ming with a hint of reluctance, but it was overshadowed by her curiosity and her yearning for a bigger world.
Seeing Fala like this, Lu Ming also smiled and said, “Without Miss Fala, how will 1 manage my meals in the future?”
It was rare for Lu Ming to make a joke, and Fala laughed in response.
Then, she bowed to Lu Ming and said, “The Spirit Race will not forget you, Mr. Lu, so please don’t forget us either.”
Lu Ming nodded, “1 won’t forget.”
“Then I’ll be leaving now.”
Fala turned and left, closing the door behind her.
Wei Lan then added, “Brother Lu, I’m also leaving.”
It could be seen that Wei Lan’s eyes were a bit red and swollen, as if she had just cried.
Her tone was also somewhat low, making Lu Ming’s mood inexplicably gloomy.
“Thank you,” Lu Ming said.
“Thank you for Wei Lan’s previous sparring and thank you for Wei Lan’s previous culinary skills.”
In short, among the people of Nanxiang, Wei Lan was one of those who did not need to thank Lu Ming for protection.
She had exchanged her labor for Lu Ming’s protection, which was fair and reasonable. She thanked Lu Ming, and Lu Ming also wanted to thank her.
Hearing Lu Ming’s thank you, Wei Lan’s nose wrinkled, and a few more tears slid down from her eyes.
She sniffled and said, “Brother Lu, I can’t bear to part with you… but… but…”
But she could not bear to leave Nanxiang, her home…
Unlike Lu Ming, who had his own secluded residence, Wei Lan had friends and family in Nanxiang.
Moreover, she had come to Lu Ming’s side as part of a mission assigned by her superior.
After Lu Ming returned from the Flame Clan Ruin, he no longer needed Wei Lan’s assistance in cultivation, so her mission was considered complete. Now that Nanxiang had found its own path, it was only natural for Wei Lan to choose to go with them to the Eternal Clan.
Seeing Wei Lan in tears, Lu Ming took a step forward and gave Wei Lan a gentle and polite hug.
“Go on.”
“Go find your future.”
“You’re not anyone’s subordinate, you’re just Wei Lan.”
But Wei Lan cried even louder.
Turning to the red-eyed Zhang Chengcheng, Lu Ming thought for a moment and then walked over to her.
He said seriously, “Then Chengcheng, what about you?”
Before Zhang Chengcheng could say anything, Lu Ming had already added, “Whether you stay by my side or go to the Eternal Clan, it’s fine either way.”
Yes, it was fine either way.
Unlike Wei Lan, Fala, and the others, Chengcheng was indeed special.
She stayed by Lu Ming’s side not as part of a mission or for any other reason, but simply out of admiration and a desire to do something for Lu Ming.
Looking into Lu Ming’s eyes, Zhang Chengcheng suddenly burst into tears.
With all her might, she rushed into Lu Ming’s embrace, causing his body to stiffen for a moment, but soon he hugged her tightly as well.
“Brother Lu, do you like me?”
Lu Ming was silent for a long time, “I don’t know… but maybe a little.”
Chengcheng immediately broke into a smile through her tears.
She let go of Lu Ming and smiled brightly at him, saying, “I like Brother Lu more.”
Lu Ming also smiled. “Yes, I know that.”
However, Lu Ming’s inherent sense of insecurity made him lack the elegance to talk about romance.
After some thought, Lu Ming did not bring up this topic. Instead, he repeated, “So, where do you want to go?”
“If you stay by my side, I’ll protect you.”
“If…”
“I’ll go to the Eternal Clan,” Chengcheng said firmly and resolutely.
Lu Ming was momentarily stunned.
Then Chengcheng said in a clear voice, “After all, I’m not anyone’s vassal. I’m Zhang Chengcheng.”
“I don’t want to be protected by you forever, Brother Lu. I want to stand by your side and face everything together with you.”
“But I’m too weak.”
“If I continue to follow Brother Lu, I’ll never be able to grow into the person I want to be.”
After saying this, Zhang Chengcheng took a deep breath,”So, Brother Lu, wait for me.”
“When I become stronger and strong enough to stand by your side, I’ll come back to find you.”
After saying this, Chengcheng fell silent.
This was because she knew Lu Ming’s growth speed.
Because of this, she felt that her pursuit might be in vain.
Until a large hand gently stroked Chengcheng’s head.
“You wait for me too.”
“Wait for me to become stronger, so strong that I am fearless in any situation, at that time, I’ll look for you.”
“And I believe… that day is not far away.”
Morning, 236th day of the Black Mist Calendar.
Morning.
He Qing piloted a huge airship from Archean City, heading towards the other side of the Hundred Thousand Mountains.
On the airship, the people of Nanxiang looked out of the windows but couldn’t see that familiar figure.
Archean City, City Lord’s Mansion, Lu Ming’s room.
Roda looked at Lu Ming and could not help but ask, “Aren’t you going to see them off?”
Lu Ming just shook his head gently.
No..”