Chapter 101 Casualties
Vicente looked at the entrance of his building with concern, noticing a level 1 Acolyte there.
However, as he looked at that place, he saw that person fall face-first to the ground, and a young red-haired man covered in blood appeared at that door.
"Rory?"
"Vice?"
The two shouted each other's names, all the enemies in the area already dead or unconscious and unable to hear each other.
"What happened here, man? How did it all start?" Vicente asked as he continued where he was, too tired to walk around the area casually.
"I don't know. We just got attacked. I was training when suddenly there was a bang and shaking. When I realized we were under attack, our men were already unloading their weapons on the enemies attacking us." Rory said as he ran a hand over his mask, removing some of the blood of his enemies.
"So that was it... Anyway, those bastards are from the Defiant Tyranny. They probably attacked us because of the Scarlet Syndicate emissaries." Vicente sighed in defeat, having no choice but to take sides.
He had done nothing to encourage such a group to attack him. He was willing to listen to an offer from anyone who knocked on his door. Yet, he had been brutally attacked by the people from the Defiant Tyranny and had now lost several of his men.
Not only that, but because of a visitor he had not invited, they would now become mortal enemies of the group that had attacked them!
In this society, no one would care if side 'A' killed side 'B' for being attacked in the first place. Everyone knew every action had a reaction, but the attacker did not care about the other party's right to defend itself. If they lost some of their men, they would definitely not stand still just because 'it was already expected.'
Revenge ruled this world!
Was it acceptable to stand still against a group that "dared" not accept the oppression of the strongest? Of course not.
Thinking about it while taking a deep breath, Vice couldn't help but curse the two sides responsible for this confrontation.
'Scarlet Syndicate, Defiant Tyranny, this will come back to you. I promise you that!' Vicente clenched his fists as he looked at the bodies in the area.
At that moment, the survivors inside the Fuller family home finally left their posts and came to help Vicente and Rory.
Rory quickly ordered them to kill the men who had just passed out from exhaustion or injuries while most of the group collected the belongings of the dead.
At 4 am., the street in front of the group's headquarters would be completely cleared, with a giant bonfire burning in front of it.
They had already killed all their enemies, so there was no turning back now. Defiant Tyranny would definitely come after them, so there was no point in hiding the bodies or anything else.
Vicente and Rory simply decided to expose their position against this group and publicly declare war on this local underworld organization.
As this fire extinguished the bodies of their enemies, Vicente looked at the flames and said. "Rory, go to one of the Scarlet Syndicate's posts. Accept the proposal from earlier and tell them what happened here."
"Are you sure about this?" Rory looked at his friend.
"We have no choice. Now we either get the Scarlet Syndicate's protection, or the Defiant Tyranny's people will kill us." Vicente said with an ugly expression on his face.
He kept looking at the fire from inside his building, already without the mask from earlier, but still with his clothes stained with blood and remains. "Let's take advantage of it while there's still time to stick to the earlier agreement. We will adjust our plans accordingly in the coming days."
"I understand. That must be the only way to go nonetheless." Rory sighed before leaving his friend to go directly to one of the places Aaron had said belonged to the Scarlet Syndicate.
Rory didn't even bother to change his clothes. Like someone in a hurry, he left in his blood-stained combat gear.
Vicente stayed behind to guard his property, afraid of an enemy reaction.
But while he was in the office on the second floor of the building, one of his men came in with an update on what had happened that night.
"Boss, we have the numbers on the enemies, our members, and the items we have collected." A Senior Apprentice, tall and strong, hairless but with a large black mustache, said this with a terrible countenance.
Blood could be seen on his clothes, amixture of his own blood and that of the enemies.
"First, speak of our losses," Vicente ordered as he stood with his back to the man, still looking at the bonfire before his area.
"We lost 11 men tonight. Of those, 8 were Junior Apprentices, and the rest were Intermediate Apprentices. But among the survivors, we have 9 seriously injured men and 7 with minor injuries. Some need urgent medical attention. Otherwise, we will have more casualties in the next few hours." He informed, making Vicente even angrier.
A considerable number of his men had died that night!
But not only that had been lost. The building had been damaged and would have to be repaired. Some of the wagons had been completely destroyed, and the group would have to replace them.
"OK, take two of the less injured men to the offices of Doctors Doyle and Hill," Vicente ordered, using some of the names Aaron had given him.
 Doyle's and Hill's clinics were open any time of day and kept their clients completely confidential. They even visited their clients in the middle of the night and didn't charge exorbitant prices.
They were one of the few who could efficiently serve the underworld, the only drawback being their peculiar and sometimes dangerous methods. But for desperate people in need of medical attention, they were excellent.
The man made amental note and gave Vice the rest of the results before he left. "As for the enemies, 26 bodies are burning right now, boss. Eight were Senior Apprentices who fell to our weapons, 14 were level 1 Acolytes, and the rest were level 2 magicians who mostly died at your hands.
None of them managed to escape, so the entire group that attacked us is gone." He said in a tone of obvious satisfaction with that part.
Losing his men were bad. But 11 Apprentices dying in the face of 16 Acolytes and 10 Senior Apprentices were magnificent!
Those 11 men from Vicente's group had died with class!
It was true that Vicente and Rory had killed most of these stronger people. However, these men had their glory, killing higher-level opponents and still helping their leaders.
"Those 26 enemies didn't leave any spatial storage items behind, but we collected weapons, amor, and some coins.
We collected 8 gold coins, 675 silver coins, and 993 bronze coins.
There was nothing else of value among them."



Chapter 102 Membership Agreement
After informing his leader of the amounts collected on the bodies of the enemies, the man who informed Vicente left to attend to his order regarding doctors for the group.
Left alone in his office, Vicente made an ugly face as he felt pain in his back. 'I need a healing potion.' He thought to himself.
Unfortunately, the potion he had was not suitable for Apprentices like him. If he drank it, even if it was meant to heal or even strengthen whoever consumed it, he might even explode!
The amount of mana one had in one's body was something very delicate. When one ingested something that would naturally 'bless' one's body with mana, one always had to be mindful of one's absorption capacity.
If they took in more than they could handle, they would run the same risk of increasing their cultivation and not increasing the number of Magic Pentagrams to stabilize their powers.
With that in mind, Vicente decided to find an alchemist when morning came.
'I will use some of what I set aside to buy new weapons to get some pills and potions.' He reconsidered his plans.
With so many dead, he now had more weapons than staff. His urgency for new artifacts was also lessened because he had begun to study forging.
As someone with several men on his team who could advance a level or two with resources, Vicente changed some of his plans to increase the quality of his forces rather than just increasing the number of men on his side.
...
While Vicente was considering what to do with his savings, news of what had happened to his group was already spreading through the city!
At the Defiant Tyranny headquarters brothel, the leader of this local criminal group, a level 5 Acolyte, was red with rage when he discovered that one of his battalions had been wiped out.
He didn't even know that the group had gone into action until the news of their destruction reached him a few moments ago!
To him, the group was just watching these people, as he had ordered earlier.
"What the hell! How did this happen? And how did those bastards do it?" He shouted as the mana in his body solidified around his fists, and the people in the room kept their distance from their boss as the table smashed to the floor.
A Senior Apprentice broke into a cold sweat and informed his leader.
"Boss, I was watching the area earlier when it was time for the shift change. The new watch leader was informed about a visit of the Scarlet Syndicate to these people and ordered an attack afterward."
"Scarlet Syndicate?" One of the group's high-ranking henchmen narrowed his eyes. "Have they joined forces with our enemies?"
"I'm not sure." The Apprentice looked at the level 4 man who asked him. "But there was a contact, and the person who replaced us decided to attack preemptively.
There was no way for us to know that they were strong enough to withstand an attack from one of our 4 battalions. After all, there were only Apprentices in that group."
"Only Apprentices? Are you saying we lost one of the battalions to such a group?" The number two over there shouted angrily, feeling this was a terrible mistake.
Obviously, they wouldn't let it go unnoticed. However, attacking such a powerful group without preparation was an undeniable mistake.
"What are these people's magical talents?" The leader asked, knowing that this was the only acceptable explanation for this defeat.
"We don't know. They hide their Magic Gems with masks..." The man quickly described what he knew, not even knowing these people's abilities, for only a few had acted publicly and shown their powers until now.
After listening for nearly ten minutes, the leader of the Defiant Tyranny ordered. "I want this resolved as soon as possible. Find out the talents of these people so we can attack them with everything we have! I will personally slit the throats of the fucking person behind this group!"
...
On the other hand, while the two physicians requested by Vice earlier were already moving to his headquarters, Rory was already in Scarlet Syndicate's post.
Having used the contact from earlier to gain access to the staff of this post at one end of Scarlet Syndicate territory, Rory nervously was watching the people watching him as his contact came to this place.
The people in that group were rather hostile. They looked at him with ugly expressions, seeing him rather negatively.
But was it bizarre to do that to someone who reeked of blood and had several battle scars on his clothes?
Even criminals had their standards and would not only be more careful with some people but would also be influenced by bad first impressions.
But Rory's wait would not be extended, and soon, the man he had seen earlier with Vicente entered the waiting room where he was being watched.
"You guys made up your minds faster than I expected." The man entered the room smiling as he looked at Rory and understood what had happened. "Let me guess. You were attacked?"
"More or less... Anyway, we've considered your proposal, and we're ready to go through with it. It still stands, right? You said we'd have until the next night to think about it. We still have a few hours before the deadline."
The man said nothing and asked. "Who attacked you?"
 "The Defiant Tyranny." Rory didn't hesitate.
"I see..." The man was playing with a ring on one of his fingers when he heard that and tapped twice on the table.
After a moment of silence, he said. "We can proceed with the deal I proposed earlier. But we'll need more if your group wants our protection from the Defiant Tyranny. How about 70% of your profits?"
"55%," Rory said.
"70%."
"60%."
"70%."
"65%! That's the best we can do." Rory got a little nervous, seeing that this person had not only caused problems for his group but wanted to charge them to solve what they had created!
This was the height of absurdity!
The red-haired young man said. "If we can't make a deal, you won't gain anything."
"And you will die." The blond man smiled at Rory.
"It's not that simple. We can run and hide. Plus, we can raise our level and hire mercenaries. It would be harder, but we can survive for a while." Rory said in a determined tone without showing his desperation. "And if we die, you will gain nothing. You might even get into trouble because of a local destabilization.
I hear your group is being targeted by several others these days... Will they stand by if Defiant Tyranny's actions cause local destabilization?"
Sometimes, major conflicts did not start because they lacked a "spark" to detonate the explosive "material" already in the "area."
In the case of Millfall, the Scarlet Syndicate was definitely the group with the most enemies at the moment. If there was any local instability, the chances of that explosive "material" going off and harming that group were not small.
As a group that was enjoying some of their recent gains, this was no time for them to face problems like a war in their "backyard."
Rory and Vicente knew the complicated situation of the local powers and were not ignorant of the consequences of getting involved with these groups.
The man noticed that Rory wasn't an ignoramus getting involved in problems he didn't understand and stopped playing with the ring in one of his hands.
"Very well, 65%. We can agree on that."
With those words, the two of them would soon draw up a quick and simple Magical Agreement, stating that the Scarlet Syndicate would support them locally while they would give them 65% of the profits from their operations in their public business.
Vicente would also have to sign an agreement with this group, so right after finishing his talks there, Rory quickly made his way back to the almost-destroyed building with the agreement already signed by that representative.
...
Nothing more exciting would happen in Millfall for the rest of the night, and the day slowly dawned on the city.
While surprising rumors began to spread in the neighborhoods of Vicente and the Defiant Tyranny, the agreement with the Scarlet Syndicate had already been confirmed by being signed by the leaders of both sides.
The physicians called in by Vicente's men had already cared for the men in more worrisome conditions on the almost-destroyed estate. However, there were still people who needed the care of those doctors for more time.
Not all of them could be cared for with medical treatments alone and needed potent drugs to recover fully.
Vicente and Rory had used the remaining time between their nightly actions and dawn to recover some of their physical condition. However, still bruised from their previous battles, which had given them injuries that were difficult to recover from with meditation and self-healing, they left the estate at dawn and went in search of local alchemist shops.
It was time for them to strengthen the group with some drugs!



Chapter 103 Botanicamagica
When they pulled up to an alchemy shop in the center of Millfall, Vicente, and Rory were dressed as they usually were when they weren't running their criminal organization.
They entered the largest alchemy shop in town with no masks on their faces and their Magic Gems on display.
Millfall had many small professional shops of all kinds. There was even a 'shopping mall' in the town center where various small merchants and professionals could rent space for their businesses.
But these locations in the local 'mall,' unlike some places on Earth, were where less prestigious shops set up their sites.
A good shop of a renowned specialist would not have to pay rent for a small space in such a place! They would have their own shop in one of the city's main avenues, a big place with many possibilities.
This place's 'shopping malls' were for beginners and lower-level professionals, such as 1st stage experts, to display their shops and services.
It would be difficult to find large establishments run by 3rd stage or higher alchemists in such places in cities like this.
Knowing this and looking for good quality items, Vicente and Rory chose the best place in town to buy or trade alchemical items.
The most famous store in Millfall, Botanicamagica, had everything from ingredients, techniques, and spells for alchemists, recipes, and even pills for sale.
Botanicamagica was the closest thing you could get to what alchemists had in their association, but without having to be an alchemist or amember of the organization.
If you had coins and patience, you could easily do business there!
As people who knew they had no time to waste, Vicente and Rory would not look for foolish savings by looking for the cheapest place.
Sure, if they looked elsewhere, they could pay less than they would have to for the items in this store. But they understood that their focus was on their business, not on getting discounts from professionals and stores they would have to waste their time getting to know.
In their minds, getting more guaranteed products faster was worth paying a little more!
As they entered a large building with a design that made Vicente remember some historical buildings in Asia, he immediately sensed an intense medicinal fragrance.
As they entered this fragrant environment, they came across a large area without walls where there was a huge hall of more than 400 square meters filled with people.
In this area's center was a large circular counter where several attendants could be seen guiding customers.
Around this place, there were signs on the ceiling here and there giving directions, but several small places, like monuments, were available for people to look at.
But these were not monuments. Here and there were plants and ancient artifacts, damaged but valuable for their history and classification.
In certain corners were small shelves and tables with items for sale.
'This is like a fair.' Vice thought to himself as he looked around the already noisy area at the beginning of the day.
In the magic world, people woke up very early. Shops like this one would be open at 8 am. with many people coming and going.
Rory saw some of the 3rd or 4th generation disciples of the owner of this shop selling things in the area and asked Vicente. "What exactly are we going to buy today? All of our men are Apprentices, so everything we need should be available in this area."
The Botanicamagica building had three levels. Each one represented amagical stage, where resources and services were for sale to people of equivalent magic power.
On the sides of this large hall were stairs that led to the upper levels, but mere apprentices like them wouldn't need nor have the means to buy 2nd-grade resources.
But Rory was curious about what his friend wanted to buy there. He knew how many coins they had to spend, but Vicente had the final say, not him.
Vicente answered his friend as he watched and walked around the area. "I want to spend at most half of our savings. I will buy something to heal our wounds and resources to strengthen our weaknesses. However, I want to help at least five of our men advance with what we buy here."
Pills, potions, and 1st-grade resources cost between 2,000 and 15,000 bronze coins on average, depending on the drug type, purity, and delivery.
Vicente had the equivalent of 100,000 bronze coins to spend this morning, so he could not help all of his men.
If he wanted to increase the strength of his group, he would have to focus on a few of his men. He could not help them all at the same time!
He still needed coins to keep his operation running, buy food, and pay his workers.
Vicente knew he could get between 6 and 30 magic items from this shop, not enough to help everyone in his group.
He spotted the place where a young alchemist had several vials on a table and was sitting reading a book.
Rory also looked at the young alchemist, who was dressed in one of the association's robes.
He smelled amedicinal scent that caught his attention. 'This looks like a good alchemist...'
 Vice asked as they approached the brown-haired man. "What do you have here, friend? I see there are fewer people in the area interested in your resources."
The man continued to read his book but replied to Vicente. "That's natural. Not everyone is willing to pay the price for good resources."
"Oh? And what do those good resources do?" Rory asked with a smile, seeing that this alchemist was quite confident.
An alchemist's level did not determine everything. Just as there were Acolyte warriors who were weaker than Apprentices, there were 1st-stage alchemists who were more talented than some 2nd-stage alchemists.
A 1st-stage alchemist would never be able to produce a 2nd-grade pill because of the lack of mana in their body. But if a talented 1st-stage alchemist competed with a not-so-talented Acolyte alchemist to produce a 1st-grade pill, the low-level person could produce a purer and more efficient pill!
The purity of a pill did not reflect the mana used in its production but the intelligence in mixing the ingredients and bringing them to their full potential in the mixture. It was not enough to have a lot of mana or just an extramagic Pentagram to achieve this. One would have to have a deep understanding of alchemy!
This understanding could be achieved even at a low level.
The alchemist took his eyes off the book and looked at Rory, especially at the green gem on the redhead's forehead. "I have pills and potions of various kinds. But they are all high in their purity, close to 90%."
The purer a pill or potion was, the better its effects would be, and the fewer impurities would accumulate in the body of the one who ingested it.
Pills and potions could easily raise the magic level of living beings. But this did not come without a price. By accepting this "easy" power, one would have to deal with the consequences of accumulating impurities in one's body, which could range from reducing one's life expectancy to limiting one's future progress.
Such impurities could be eliminated somehow, but these were not easy or cheap processes. As a result, most people had to be careful about the number of magical resources they consumed during their journeys.
This was not so important in the early levels because the amount of power needed to advance was small, and the impurities were not many. But as one progressed through the magical ranks, it could easily get one into trouble. Therefore, purer pills and potions had a higher value.
However, in addition to the weaker damage, the main effect of this type of resource would be stronger if it were purer.
Depending on their talent, magicians could absorb more or less of the same resource. But resources could provide more or less benefit depending on their purity.
The pill Rory had taken earlier was an example of this. It had not been able to give him a breakthrough, but if it had been purer than it was, it might have been different!
Listening to this alchemist, Vicente became more serious. 'Junior Apprentices or Senior Apprentices can only consume 1st-grade pills and potions. But one has an entirely different need than the other. So those who are closer to the Acolyte level need more pure 1st-grade resources if they want to advance.'
His eyes narrowed, aware of what he needed to solve his problems. 'I need such resources to help the Senior Apprentices in my group become Acolytes!'
He said to the alchemist. 'Very well. I need resources to help less talented Senior Apprentices advance to the 2nd magic stage. What do you have here that can do that?"



Chapter 104 Pills and Potions
"Low-level Senior Apprentice? How low?" The alchemist looked at Vicente while still sitting where he was.
Different talents had different ranges of purity that were indicated for consumption to be affected as one wished.
If someone with the red talent, the lowest of them all, wanted to advance from Senior Apprentice to level 1 Acolyte, they would have to consume something of high medicinal strength and purity.
Just as there were anesthetics with different intensities on Earth, there were pills, potions, and more with similar characteristics but different intensities in the Polaris Realm.
"Orange-grade talents," Vicente replied.
"Then you definitely need a pill with a purity above 80%. The most suitable for such people would be a Spirit Bone Marrow Pill, which can destroy some imperfections that bodies of lesser talents have."
The Spirit Bone Marrow Pill was a kind of resource that, if compared to those found on Earth, would be like morphine among analgesics. It was not the strongest in its category but extremely strong in its purpose.
There were several different grades of such pills, and people of lesser talent usually used them to approach breakthroughs.
They were violent in their effects, and once ingested, they would even change some of the essences in the bodies of the magicians who ingested them. Contrary to what one might think, this was not an easy thing to do, but rather a very dangerous one, which increased the chance of death during the magician's promotion by 50%.
However, low-talent magicians were so inefficient at absorbing the medicinal essence of resources that they would have to use drastic methods if they wanted to advance.
Vicente and Rory looked at each other, knowing that such a pill was among the most expensive they could find.
"I have 2 such pills with 90% purity. I can sell them both for 20 thousand bronze coins. What do you think? Are you interested?"
Rory swallowed his saliva when he heard that. That was 20% of what they had to spend today!
"Is there no potion of the same kind?" The young redhead asked.
Pills and potions could be made with the same substances. Yet, each type of substance had its strengths and weaknesses.
Pills usually had longer-lasting effects, and one had to meditate to digest their medicinal power. Potions, on the other hand, had more immediate effects, and one did not have to do much to benefit from them.
However, because potions were so much simpler, they were weaker than pills and naturally cheaper.
Because of their milder and quicker effects, most existing potions were of the recovery type for healing or restoring one's mana without any effort.
"No. Someone with that talent level who tries to advance to the 2nd stage will not get what it takes to advance in one try with a potion. At most, they would get closer to advancing, but I wouldn't guarantee you much." The alchemist said.
Vicente kept the price of these pills in mind and asked. "What else do you have here? Think of my friend and me. What here can help us? We need something regenerative and also for progress."
The alchemist looked at their foreheads once more, then at the vials on the table beside him. "What is your level? Junior? Intermediate or Senior?"
The two standing young men were hiding their cultivation, so there was no way for this Senior Apprentice to estimate their cultivation.
"We are Intermediate Apprentices," Rory replied.
"In that case, I believe that the Mageblood Essence healing potion can repair low and medium-level damage to the bodies of magicians at your level. I have four such potions. I can exchange each of them for 3.5 thousand bronze coins."
He took one of the pill bottles and said. "For you to get closer to the Senior Apprentice level, I have this pill, Crocodile Tear, with 85% purity."
Crocodile Tear was a few degrees lower in potency than the Spirit Bone Marrow Pill. It would not put its user at risk of death and would simply give the one who ingested it more essence to attempt a small breakthrough.
It was one of the options for magicians to use in the middle of their magical stage to strengthen themselves quickly.
"Crocodile Tear costs 8.5 thousand bronze coins each."
Seeing the reflective expression on their faces, the alchemist closed his eyes for a moment and made an offer. "If you take the two Spirit Bone Marrow Pills, two Crocodile Tears, and two Mageblood Essences, I can give you a small discount.
How about 40,000 bronze coins? For that price, one of the two potions will be free."
Because he sold higher-quality resources, which were more expensive, this alchemist had fewer customers than average. The customers who did know him knew that his pills and potions were excellent. But as a 17-year-old alchemist, he still had a long way to go before his name was known.
If he had the chance to make a big sale like this, he would do it to get rid of these highly perishable products!
Pills and potions would rot after a few weeks of production. So you wouldn't often see many of these items available for immediate delivery.
But by selling his goods in his master's shop, this alchemist could usually sell his stuff before it rotted.
However, he only made the most common types of pills for sale. If one wanted him to make something special, one must order it in advance!
 "40 thousand?" Vicente heard this suggestion and stopped to think. 'With that, Rory and I will recover, and we will have a chance to increase our strength with 2 of our men. I would still have 60 thousand bronze coins for more business.'
"OK, I'm interested," Vicente replied, and the alchemist immediately started to prepare a wooden box where these resources would go.
"By the way, if you are interested in hiring my services, I also make customized pills and potions to order. You can give me the ingredients for the pills and potions you are interested in and pay for my services upon delivery, or even pay me for all the cost of the ingredients, and I will do all the work myself." He advertised himself before placing his contact in the box.
"Liam Young..." Vincent read the alchemist's name and address on the box.
Vicente saw Liam packing his things to leave as he paid for the coins and said goodbye. "Very well. I'll look for you in the future."
He and Rory still had to buy more pills, but they couldn't afford Liam's high prices, even considering the possible discounts this man could give them. On the other hand, the other types of pills that Liam had available to sell today were not interesting to them.
After saying goodbye to him, they walked back through the first level of the Botanica Magica until they saw several people gathered around a tent.



Chapter 105 Ava Oak
"Look, young master Symons is buying potions for his servant!"
"Ahh, I would love to be in her place... To be close to him day and night and still receive such gifts."
"Tsk! Someone with your looks would never get a place next to such a refined nobleman." A red-haired, well-dressed young woman with nice cleavage said this to some of the women crowding around to see the most desirable young man in town.
The eldest son of Viscount Symons, heir to the family fortune, and considered the most talented of the local younger generation, Marcus Symons!
At the age of 16, Marcus was already a level 3 Acolyte, someone with green talent and an unusual magical form. He had a great future ahead of him, and even though he was already engaged, many women could certainly benefit from being around him.
Even if they were the 3rd or 4th wives of someone like him, many women would be happy to be with him.
It was better to share a capable man full of qualities than to have the exclusivity of a common man!
Vicente and Rory observed the many women there, ignoring the comments from Mascus' fans and the young men who were jealous of this blond guy in front of a 1st-stage alchemist.
"Is that the Viscount's heir?" Rory muttered to his friend, watching the handsome, tall man smile as he bought magical resources for the Senior Apprentice servant beside him.
"Thank you, young master. I'll continue to work hard to satisfy you!" The red-haired woman said with a smile on her face that told everybody she was willing to do crazy things for this man.
Vicente observed this but didn't waste his time wondering if these two were in some kind of romance. Besides the crowd, what most caught his attention was the medicinal scent of the products of the alchemist serving the son of Viscount Symons.
'These pills could probably help my Intermediate and Senior Apprentices improve their strength.'
Vicente was no alchemist, but he did not need to be one to recognize the medicinal essence capable of increasing the strength of himself or his men.
Because of this, he realized early that Liam had things that were useful to him and noticed this other alchemist also had things useful to his people.
Ignoring the crowd between him and the alchemist, he walked on, Rory following behind.
"Hey, who are they?"
"Why are they going to young master Symons?"
A few young men nearby muttered, while most of them were some distance away from where Marcus and his servant were.
But besides the alchemist in the tent, a young woman stood beside him, facing the servant and master, smiling at each other as several people watched them.
When they stopped in front of the young blonde woman next to the alchemist, Vice and Rory naturally got all the attention of Marcus' fans and the young master himself.
Marcus immediately looked at Vice and Rory, two people he had never seen or heard of before.
But even when he realized they were out of the ordinary, he still glared at them. 'Who are these idiots? Don't they realize that I'm here now?'
Vicente merely nodded at the young master, recognizing that Marcus was there, and then looked at the alchemist and the woman in the tent.
These people had already delivered young master Symons' purchases and received payment. Noticing that neither side seemed to be in the middle of a conversation, Vicente told the two in the tent. "Hello, I am looking for pills and potions for the Intermediate and Senior Apprentices of Orange-grade talent."
Seeing Vicente's magical form, the young blonde next to the alchemist frowned and remembered what she had recently heard from her older brother.
'Form of '69' lying down...' She forgot that the Viscount's son was right there, and a smile formed on her face. "Vicente? Is that you?"
"Huh? Do you know me?" Vicente did not recognize her, but considering her beauty, he was sure he had never seen her before.
However, looking at this young woman who seemed to be the same age as her, Rory remembered seeing someone who looked like her.
"You... You awakened your magical powers with me." Rory said.
"Oh? Is that so?" Vice saw the beauty agree, but she quickly explained herself.
"I don't know you, although it's true that I awakened my powers with your friend. I actually heard about you from my older brother, Lukas." She said before introducing herself. "My name is Ava Oak."
Vicente and Rory remembered that name from their conversation with Lukas a few days ago, recalling that he had told them to stop by the Oak Supply Store and look for Ava.
"I didn't expect to find you here. Is the Oak family related to Botanica Magica by any chance?" Vicente asked.
Marcus laughed when he heard that. "Of course they are. Botanica Magica is of the family of the wife of the Oak patriarch."
Vice and Rory knew a lot about some of the internal affairs of Millfall's powers. But they didn't know everything, and, of course, they didn't know about the Oak family's situation with this shop.
 But even though they were close, the Oak family and Botanica Magica were not supporters of each other. Lukas and Ava's family was small compared to such a big store.
The family behind Botanica Magica made room for young people from the Oak family to learn from the disciples of the alchemist who owned the shop.
Ava studied with this alchemist by her side, acting as his secretary.
Although she was a magician and already knew how to make some potions and pills, she couldn't compare to this Senior Apprentice who was about to become an Acolyte. She would need at least a few more years at his side to reach the same level of alchemy that he had now.
"Oh? I was not familiar with that. Thank you for the information, young master Symons." Vicente smiled at Marcus.
"So you two already know each other?" The alchemist smiled and said. "I have some things that are compatible with what you seek. Please come in, and let's talk in private."
Hearing this, Rory and Vicente entered the tent while Marcus watched them silently, clenching his fists. 'What annoying people.'
"Let's go, Harper. We have nothing else to do here."



Chapter 106 Friend of My Friend
Entering the tent and seeing the crowd dwindle nearby, Vicente and Rory soon heard a few words from Ava and the alchemist.
"Are you friends of the Oak family? Tell me about yourselves." The alchemist said as he was one of the Oak patriarch students teaching Lukas' sister.
As someone connected to the Oak family, he naturally wanted the best for the family and young talents like Ava and Lukas.
Vicente then said. "I don't think I can say that right now. I met Lukas while my friend Rory and Miss Ava were awakening their magical powers. After that, we met by chance and talked about the future.
Lukas and I have an aptitude for forging, but we are not backed by the traditional powers of our craft. We may become friends, but we are not yet."
This man liked sincerity and appreciated the words of this black-haired young man.
"But senior Dylan, Vicente is being too modest. My brother told me that he has plans for these two and that I should help them if I have the chance." Ava said in a low voice so that her temporary teacher could hear her.
'Is that so?'
Dylan said then. "Well, you two will certainly have a good relationship in the future. I can feel that. So tell me what you need. I'll see how I can help you. A friend of Lukas is a friend of mine."
Good connections made all the difference. There was no need to ask for favors. By being connected to the right people, such a person would benefit without even knowing it.
Being a friend of the Viscount, one would get discounts in almost every store they went to and access to events that few knew existed.
As the saying goes, there was nothing better than being a friend of the king!
For example, Lukas was not tall enough to give Vice and Rory access to many opportunities. But as the eldest son of the Oak patriarch, he could help his contacts with alchemist items through his family.
Vicente knew he didn't have enough to refuse certain favors and agreed to owe one to Lukas. "I need items to help my men level up. They are not talented, so I feel I need strong pills with good purity."
"Hmm, Intermediate and Senior Apprentices, right?" Dylan remembered Vicente's words from a few moments ago. "Well, right now, I only have one pill that can help the orange talented Senior Apprentices. But I do have several options for Intermediate Apprentices."
Dylan showed some pill bottles on the table, showing Rory and Vicente 8 options for their men at their magic level.
"The only pill I have for Senior Apprentices is a Glory Night, 80% pure. It should be enough to help one of your men if someone is brave enough to take it."
Glory Night was the most powerful type of pill for magicians who wanted to advance with the support of a pill. Compared to Spirit Bone Marrow Pill, it was 50 times stronger!
As a result, the dangers of this pill were much greater for those who took it, and it was usually only suitable for people of very low talent who were facing a cultivation bottleneck.
Already knowing about this pill, Vicente could not agree to buy such a thing. His men were not very talented, but if they were given time, they could naturally become Acolytes.
There was no reason for him to use such a resource now, an item that normally could not be found in the 1st grade because it was compelling and usually had a starting level of 2nd grade.
The level of pills mainly depended on the mana level of their creator.
However, depending on the resources used to create the pill, some could even affect stronger ones. In other words, there were items of the 1st grade that could affect 2nd-stage magicians.
"It's not worth the risk," Rory muttered.
The alchemist agreed and said. "It depends on the age of the one who wants to advance and become an Acolyte. But indeed, I would avoid giving this pill to a young or even middle-aged person. If I gave it to someone like that, not only would the risk of death be great, but it would also destroy the possibility of that person reaching level 5 of the 2nd stage.
But it depends on you. It is your choice and such a person's intention. If you want the pill, I can sell it to you for 11,000 bronze coins."
That was a good price!
Liam had sold each Spirit Bone Marrow Pill for 10,000 bronze coins, so paying only 11,000 for this other was a bargain.
Dylan really did give Lukas' friends a nice discount!
Unfortunately for Rory and Vicente, they didn't have the coins to take advantage of such chance.
"The price is perfect, but we do not have enough to buy this just to save for the future," Vicente said.
The alchemist then spoke about the 8 pills for the Intermediate Apprentices. "As for the other pills, I have here 3 types of pills for your weaker men. They are..."
He quickly presented each of them, giving a price for each.
One of the three types costs 6,000, another 5,000, and the last 7,000 bronze coins.
After hearing the prices and names of the pills, as well as a basic explanation of the effects of the one he had never heard of, Vicente decided to buy 6 of the 8 pills for 36,000 bronze coins.
 This left him with the equivalent of 24,000 bronze coins, enough to search for more resources for his men, who were about to become Acolytes.
"Alright, here they are," Ava said as she handed Rory a box with their pills.
Unfortunately, they had no place to store them, so they would have to carry them to their estate carefully.
After receiving the coins from Vicente, Dylan asked. "Is there anything else you need, young man? Enjoy it now. I won't make such good prices when you come to me in the future."
"How long and how much would it cost for you to make Spirit Bone Marrow Pills with at least 80% purity?" Vicente asked.
Liam had already made it clear to him and Rory that he made pills to order, but from what they understood, it would not only be more expensive to order pills by the hour from this alchemist, but it would also take longer.
At the same time, they could not wait too long. The Scarlet Syndicate would not support them 100% of the time, and there were certainly ways for Defiant Tyranny to make things difficult for their group, even with their recent affiliation with that other group.
As such, Vicente and Rory needed to purchase resources that were already available and were only interested in gathering information on reliable alchemists who could serve them for future orders.
Dylan thought for a moment and answered. "It would take me 3 days if I did have the ingredients and no orders in front. But I already have two orders for the next few days, so I advise you to find another alchemist".
That was Botanica Magica. The professionals there were not just competitors trying to steal customers from other alchemists.
Every deal that was made in the shop benefited all the other alchemists there because they were all, to some degree, disciples of its owner. When one sold something, part of the sale stayed with Botanica Magica and was used for the benefit of all the shop members.
Instead of letting this young man go looking for other shops in town, Dylan pointed out an acquaintance of his. "Go to the black-haired man across the area. He should have what you're looking for."
Seeing where Dylan was pointing, Rory immediately noticed a black-haired man standing beside a round red cauldron.
Vicente also looked toward this alchemist, who seemed to cook pills while serving his customers.
Dylan laughed and said. "This is your first time here, right? Don't be surprised. Some alchemists make pills in public. Not all of them are distracted by conversations and people watching them.
The one you see is a great 1st stage alchemist who should soon advance and become an Acolyte. Enjoy it. He won't be selling 1st-grade pills for long.
A higher-level practitioner could produce items of a lower grade than their level if they wanted to. Of course, they would produce lower-grade items of higher quality than they could at lower levels, but few did that. Even if they could produce lower-grade items of higher quality, the cost of those items would still be much lower than the price of items of the same grade as the practitioner's stage.
For example, a 2nd-grade pill might cost between 20 and 50 thousand bronze coins!
Thus, more skilled practitioners rarely waste their time making items of lower grades.
Vicente and Rory listened to Dylan and said goodbye, saying they hoped to see them in the future and then going to the alchemist.



Chapter 107 Favorable and Unfavorable Movements
After saying goodbye to Ava and Dylan, Vicente and Rory managed to buy two more pills from the alchemist Lukas' friend had recommended.
However, they had to pay a high price for the two pills that the man had at his disposal. According to the man, there were no other pills like the ones they wanted in the shop at the moment.
Vicente, who had already guessed this from the medicinal scent in the air, accepted such a man's price and paid 24,000 bronze coins for the two pills.
Having done that, they returned to their estate after disguising themselves so that no one would be able to trace them from their morning movements.
...
Arriving at their estate, Vicente and Rory soon distributed the items they had just bought to the men they considered most worthy of investment.
But none of these 12 people were allowed to immediately start taking the pills they had received from their bosses.
Given the group's problematic situation, these people would continue to stand guard around the estate while Vice and Rory would recover and try new advancements.
They were the main warriors, so they had to be in the best shape possible!
With that in mind, the two soon drank the potions they had bought with Liam, quickly noticing the quick and gentle effects of the recovery potions.
Vicente immediately felt the pain in his back go away as he drank his potion. Not only that, but he also felt all the mana he had used up earlier and had not yet fully recovered return to normal.
He felt like a deflated balloon returning to its full size, bursting with energy and explosive power in each of his muscles.
Recovery potions not only regenerated injuries and spent mana. They also had the side effect of raising one's spirit and temporarily increasing one's strength.
This was so interesting that some magicians would use potions of various kinds to boost their attributes before an important battle. Even recovery potions were used for this purpose if one did not have the specific spirit and attribute enhancement potion.
However, this was not a power of the user but rather a temporary condition that would pass after minutes or hours, depending on how much one used one's powers.
The positive effects of the potions were very fast, and 5 minutes after taking these two potions, Vice and Rory were fully recovered and ready to meditate.
The two took their Crocodile Tear pills and soon began meditating, trying to strengthen themselves and raise their magic level!
...
While Vicente and Rory were doing their best to prepare for the challenges ahead, the people of Defiant Tyranny had already learned of their new enemies' alliance with the Scarlet Syndicate.
This would definitely hamper their actions against these brave young men who had stood up to them in self-defense the night before. Yet, that didn't mean this local group would accept that and leave things as if nothing had happened.
As a prominent local criminal society, Defiant Tyranny had several ways to pressure Vicente's group and punish them for their crimes.
At the moment, they were not looking for immediate revenge. A frontal attack would only cause the members of the Scarlet Syndicate to act in defense of these young men. They were looking for elusive options, difficult to counter or defend against.
The underworld had its own ways!
...
At Millfall's royal guard post, the Commander worked as usual, dealing with the local matters that required his attention.
The local work was simple. He had to watch the nobles, enforce royal law, and collect the taxes these noble families and local businesses owed to His Majesty.
As a Mage, little of what happened locally caught his attention or was even a problem in the eyes of this seasoned soldier.
But while going about his routine at the Royal Guard office in Millfall, this man suddenly felt a shadow behind him and took his eyes off some documents he was reading.
He did not get up and remained seated in his chair. But he murmured in a low voice. "What do you want? This is not a good place for us to communicate."
"I know. My group has a problem with a rookie. We need your help." The shadow said in a low voice, causing the soldier to narrow his eyes.
"A newbie? Do you want my help because of a rookie? Are you sure about that? I just owe you a favor, so I won't owe you anything else if you use it for this." The Commander muttered.
He was one of the strongest local Mages. However, he was only a soldier and lost out to many high-ranking local Acolytes in terms of influence and wealth.
"I have no choice. I want to hit the bastard, even if it means losing the last favor you owe me. These people I want to hurt are strangers. I'd rather not underestimate them." The gruff, sultry voice said this.
"Very well, tell me who they are, and I will find a way to affect them. But as we've done before, I'll just put them in position for you to do the dirty work."
"That's all I need." The voice said before disappearing.
 ...
While some moved for bad, others moved for Vicente's good.
Already aware of what had happened at the headquarters of Vicente's mercenary group, Jax Peters was already moving to fulfill the black-haired young man's demands.
He and his younger brother had been beaten the night before. But their situation could have been much worse. Jax had realized that when he heard what happened to an elite squad trying to raid Vice's building that night.
Considering Vicente was strong enough to kill several low-level Acolytes and crazy enough to challenge powerful people in Millfall, this man didn't want any trouble with him!
Jax prayed for Defiant Tyranny to eliminate Vicente. But until that happened, he wanted no more trouble with this crazy young man.
Maybe Vice was destined for the darkness of death, but before he perished, he could still have several chances to take people like Jax with him!
Afraid of that, Jax had already given orders to his family's people to pay the weekly coins Vice had already said they would have to pay.
Meanwhile, Brody was trapped in his own room, too afraid to leave the house after what he had seen the night before.
The black-haired person behind the iron mask was a monster! If he wasn't careful, he could lose his head in no time!
...
The morning passed quickly, and soon, the afternoon in Millfall was ending.
The Fuller family's territory was still intact, and with the rumors circulating, no new trouble had hit the taverns under the group's protection.
Vicente's customers grew more confident in his proposal and began to consider the possibility of extending the shifts of their establishments.
Zander's Tavern had been opening up to an hour later recently, but after the latest news, the brothers were already thinking about keeping it open much longer.
Vicente was bold enough to act against groups of Acolytes, so he must have had his cards up his sleeve. After all, what fool would risk his life without a lifesaver?
Because of thoughts like that, some of the local merchants already visited by Vice or Rory became more interested in joining their group.
But some still wanted to see how this rising group in this outermost part of Millfall would deal with the consequences of their recent actions. They had acted against big people. Surely, there would be consequences!
If they showed that they could continue to grow and withstand the pressure of their enemies, many people would finally be willing to make deals to join Vicente's burgeoning territory!
But while many in the neighborhood were thinking about him, Vicente was finishing his cultivation and opening his eyes.
Unfortunately, he did not feel his magic level at a new level. However, in a single afternoon, he had advanced more than 60% of the way to the peak of his level, Intermediate Apprentice.
'Liam's pill didn't give me the breakthrough I was looking for, but that was because I had only recently reached my current level.' Vicente thought, considering the fact that this alchemist hadn't had a chance to feel his level.
The pill Liam had sold to Vicente and Rory was for Intermediate Apprentices who were close to advancing, not for young people who had just reached that level!
But with his extraordinary talent, Vicente had absorbed a lot from that pill, increasing not only the density of mana in his body but also his understanding of his two elements, Earth and Lightning.
Leaving his state of meditation, he did not hesitate to activate his ability, causing a Red Pentagram to emerge from his being, a little bigger than before and in a brighter shade.
The moment he moved his manda across his Magic Gem and felt his ability, a smile appeared on Vicente's face.



Chapter 108 Progress
When Vicente activated his first ability, he immediately felt all the metals around the building, feeling more control and less weight on his consciousness.
When he activated his ability, he had to focus on a particular amount of metals, and if he couldn't control that, he would feel pressured because there were more metals around him than he could handle.
But as he got stronger, Vicente felt that he could control more and more metals, and the pressure he felt from what was beyond his control diminished.
This was a somewhat obvious breakthrough for him after he had greatly increased his understanding and the mana density in his body. But beyond that, Vicente felt he could go further with spells involving the Earth and Lightning elements.
He furrowed his brow and felt the Earth around his building, realizing that if he wanted to, he could subtly manipulate part of the walls of his property at will.
Unfortunately, the walls were not made of 100% Earth, so he did not have enough to modulate this building as he wished and thus repair the various damages caused by enemy magicians.
But he felt he could manipulate the electrons around him more easily now, to the point where he could even electrify non-metallic surfaces and objects.
'Well, it's better than nothing.' He deactivated his ability, and the mana around him returned to normal.
He thought that he'd have to practice some of his forging skills later to see how this improvement would affect them. But soon, Vicente took note of where Rory had already finished his meditation and tested his powers as well.
"As expected. You haven't progressed either." Rory smiled as he looked at his friend.
"What did you get from the pill?" Vicente asked.
"I must have reached the middle of the Intermediate Apprentice level. We were hasty in not informing Liam that we had recently advanced to such a level."
"Yes." Vice agreed. "But it doesn't matter. He had nothing that could help us without hurting us. This upgrade today at least didn't create too many impurities."
Rory didn't disagree and changed the subject. "So what now? What do we do?"
"We will protect this post until tomorrow. In the meantime, let's authorize our men to use the pills we bought for them."
If these men became stronger, they could not reach new heights because of the combination of their powers with their weapons. After all, those weapons could only withstand the power of Junior Apprentices. But if they were stronger, they could see more, be faster, and be tougher.
As they advanced, they could become better shooters and, more importantly, have a better chance of surviving enemy attacks.
"If one of them advances and becomes an Acolyte, we'll have to look for Magic Pentagrams." Rory reminded his friend.
Vicente nodded, indicating that he had not forgotten. "We will do that when we advance and become Acolytes. We can hunt Magic Pentagrams together and save time."
Magic Pentagrams provided abilities, but they also stabilized a magician's mana. Therefore, they were crucial after breakthroughs.
But it was not dangerous not to absorb a new pentagram right after a breakthrough. What was dangerous was to keep trying to get stronger without a pentagram!
So, someone who became a level 1 Acolyte could go without their first second Magic Pentagram until they reached level 2. At that point, they would either have to stop trying to get stronger or risk exploding.
For this reason, it was not uncommon to find level 1 Acolytes with only one Magic Pentagram, even if it was not ideal.
With that decided, Vicente and Rory soon allowed the selected 4 Senior Apprentices and 8 Intermediate Apprentices from their group to go meditate and consume the other pills they had purchased earlier.
...
The next day morning...
After a full day since the previous incident, Vicente and Rory's group had yet to suffer any consequences for defending themselves against Defiant Tyranny's attack.
On the contrary, they had had enough rest for the day, and after hours of meditation of their 12 men, 10 had made breakthroughs!
With the resources at their disposal, most of them had achieved the expected promotions, with 7 becoming Senior Apprentices and 3 becoming level 1 Acolytes.
Of the two who had failed to advance, one had died, and the other had failed to take advantage of the opportunity and was still an Intermediate Apprentice.
Vicente and Rory had regretted it when one of their strongest men had died trying to advance, but it was out of their control, and they had only promised the others to return the person's things to his family.
They had all accepted the risks. This had been a fluke among many successes, so the group remained determined to move forward.
As for the failed survivor, he had been badly wounded in the previous battle, and the failure to advance had added to his injuries.
He was not out of danger yet and was already under observation by one of the doctors Vicente had hired earlier to care for his men.
At the beginning of this new day, Vicente and Rory were still at their group's headquarters, right in front of the newly promoted men and some of the other low-level individuals.
 "Well done, we are stronger even though we lost some of our brothers the day before," Vicente spoke to his men with a solemn expression on his face. "Unfortunately, we do not have time to mourn. We now have powerful enemies who will knock on our doors sooner or later.
Concentrate on getting stronger and on our operation. As we improve our position, more opportunities like the pills from the day before will appear for the most dedicated men."
"Yes, boss!"
The men shouted almost simultaneously, determined to avenge their dead friends, but even more determined to get opportunities for advancement.
None of them were afraid because of the death of the Senior Apprentice who had failed to advance. This was a great opportunity for them to reduce their insignificance in this world!
Vicente then left for his home while Rory went to take care of some business on behalf of the group.
The stronger men left behind soon split up into shifts to protect this post while others went to arrange for repairs to the building.
Their defenses had been destroyed, and they had to build new barriers over this place!
And so three days would pass in the blink of an eye, with everyone in this group working harder than ever for their cause!



Chapter 109 Blue Beauty
That morning, Vicente had received a contact from the local mercenary guild where his groups were registered.
Leaving his house after breakfast with Eve and Nina, he headed for the guild building in downtown Millfall before stopping at his headquarters.
So far, nothing had happened to them, and their membership in the Scarlet Syndicate had worked well for their group's protection.
At the same time, Jax had already sent his weekly contribution to Vicente's group, having sent him 10 gold coins the day before.
This had been a pleasant surprise amid Vicente's difficulties.
As he walked, Vice wondered what to do with his group after the recent advancements, deaths, and financial gains. His group was stronger and richer but had also lost members and made new enemies.
'I need to recruit more men.' He thought as he walked down the central sidewalks of Millfall with his mask on his face. 'I currently have 56 men in my family, of which only 36 are here in this city. But that is not enough to protect Nina, my headquarters, and my territory.
I desperately need more men!'
He thought about bringing more people from Martell Village, which might even work for him to protect his partners' shops. But it wouldn't be of much use in the long run, as higher-level problems would probably hit him soon.
Before, the local businessmen who did business with Vicente only had problems with ordinary people, problematic consumers. But with the enemies he was making, bigger problems could hit them and target their business.
Vicente knew how criminals thought, and by now, several actions should be being developed against him.
This call to the mercenary guild was probably related to that!
'I will take care of the recruitment here in Millfall... For now, let me see what they're planning against me.' He paused for a moment in front of the guild building, a place that looked like a large house in the center of town.
But there was a symbol of this guild, and its doors were always open for mercenaries and clients to enter the property.
Vice made his way to the place he had visited several times before, quickly reaching the entrance hall where there were tables and chairs here and there and many individuals separated into groups chatting.
Unlike Martell Village, where the mercenaries gathered in a government building, things were different in Millfall. The mercenary guild was large enough to provide services to the hundreds of mercenaries registered there.
On his way to the reception, Vicente saw a few mercenaries who worked in Martell Village, but he didn't talk to anyone.
'Perhaps I should hire mercenaries? Those two who helped me when my parents died might be good options to try to attract to my group.' Vicente thought before stopping at the reception desk in this area.
"Mr. Mazzanti, please, this way." An attendant promptly took Vicente to the place where the guild master was waiting for him.
Upon arriving at this person's office, Vicente saw two other people waiting for the guild master in the waiting room and couldn't help but stare at the blue-haired woman next to a blond man.
The woman wore a suit of armor similar to the blond man's, which bore the symbol of the Royal Army of the Seidel Kingdom.
But what caught Vicente's attention was not that these two Green-talented magicians were members of the royal forces but the beauty of the blue-haired woman.
Her hair was the color of the sky, and her eyes were a brilliant blue that mesmerized Vicente.
"Beautiful..." Vice murmured.
He was not the kind of man who casually complimented women or flirted in ordinary situations. But women with hair in shades that didn't naturally exist on Earth caught Vicente's attention.
On Earth, no people were born with hair colors outside of the standard brown, black, red, and blonde. But in Polaris Realm, there were all sorts of variations, such as orange, purple, green, blue, and even the rare colored hair.
The pigmentation of the eyes followed the same possibilities, and this earthling could not help but admire the beauty of this blue-haired woman.
She heard the stranger's sotto voce comment and frowned at him.
"What did you say?" The blond man stood up, placing one hand on the sword at his waist.
Vicente realized his carelessness and smiled under his mask. He wouldn't flirt with anyone casually, but since he had already spilled the milk, there was no point in backing down.
"My lady, what is your name? It's not every day I get the chance to meet someone so gorgeous." Vicente said in a subtly different tone.
Whenever he or his men wore their masks, they changed their voices with their mana to keep their identities secret.
The woman looked at the metallic mask of the man who was there for her and her colleague. "Interesting... You are here because of trouble, yet you dare to flirt with me. Are you a fool or too confident in your abilities?"
Vicente understood the woman's attitude and ignored the man staring at him.
But when he noticed no ring on one of the woman's fingers, he knew she was single and not engaged to anyone.
 In Polaris Realm, the custom of betrothal and marriage was similar to Earth's. A woman would always have a unique ring on one of her fingers if she were engaged or married.
Since she didn't have anything like that, this man was not her husband or fianc, and Vicente didn't care if such a level 4 Acolyte liked the woman he was talking to.
The black-haired young man then said. "Neither, my lady. I don't know why I'm here, but that doesn't stop me from being curious about a lady's name, does it? By the way, my name is Cesar Mazzanti."
Cesar Mazzanti was the name of Vicente's former Don on Earth and the name he had chosen to use when acting on behalf of his mafia family.
She chuckled at Vicente's answer. "Nova Bain. But that is all you will ever know of me, Cesar."
After her words, the door to the guild master's office opened, and a tall, fat man with no hair on his head appeared and called these three people into his office.



Chapter 110 Framed
As they entered the guild master's office, the three of them were silent, with Vicente smiling under his mask and the blond man glaring at him angrily.
Nova was one of the most beautiful captains in the royal army post of Millfall, a woman in her twenties who had many suitors, including this blond man, her colleague and superior.
Seeing a low-level criminal flirting with the woman who had made him give up all the others, Jett couldn't help but double the negative feeling he already had for such a person.
As a member of the royal forces, he already hated criminals. But Vicente courting Nova was tantamount to attacking him!
'Wretch! I don't know why the Commander put you in his cross hairs, but now I guarantee you will lose everything you have!' Jett thought to himself.
The guild master didn't know why the blond was staring at Vicente so hatefully and decided to break the silence as soon as he sat down in his chair.
"Very well, young Cesar, I called you here today at the request of the royal army. Your operations seem to have broken local rules, so we need to talk." The fat, bald, but very well-dressed man said.
The royal laws had different levels of intensity. The army could destroy Vicente's group if they had proof that such a team had committed a serious crime, such as attacking a noble or member of royalty, plotting against the state, and so on.
But only the most serious crimes with concrete evidence led to immediate action by the army. In other situations, they had to be more cautious in their actions!
Even though the army was the most significant force in the state, it could not casually punish without evidence. Not only was there a danger that corrupt members would act against the state's good with swift actions, but the whole state would tremble with fear if this could happen without investigations.
How could ordinary powers, families, clans, and merchants act if, at any moment, they could lose their possessions for flimsy reasons?
For a state to function, even the force in power had to follow the rules and have some bureaucracy before punishing civilians!
Without that, it would be impossible for the state to function, and everyone would quickly oppose the royal family.
That was exactly why Vicente was there now because the army still had no evidence against him to act without worrying about appearances.
He understood this, and a warning came to his mind. 'So someone important in the army is against me... My enemies probably bought someone.'
The fact that the army had nothing serious against him at the moment did not mean they would never have something like that!
Vice worried and said. "I doubt that very much, guild master. I followed the conventional protocols and had the approval of 4 different army Captains for my operation. Besides, I'm only acting on the private property of my clients and myself. How have I broken any laws?"
Jett said. "Don't play dumb, Cesar. Those permits you got are worthless. The men who approved you are already under internal investigation for corruption. So, your approvals will be null soon."
"Really?" Vicente looked the angry man in the eye. "It's not my fault. It is not us mercenaries who decide who will accredit us. That's the army's problem. How can I be blamed for that?"
"Tsk! You can talk as much as you want. In a month, you will lose your licenses, and we can put you out of business if you don't prove to us that you are operating within the rules."
"What do you want?" Vicente asked, this time looking at the beautiful Nova.
Nova said. "We need all your data. From the number of men in your operation to contracts with local merchants. You need proof to distance your group from the crime of forming an unauthorized army."
"Unauthorized army?" Vicente repeated these words. "How could a group of 1st stage mercenaries have the guts to do that? Come on, guys. I'm obviously being targeted by someone powerful for what happened recently."
The guild master closed his eyes, knowing that this had to be the case. Otherwise, no one would believe such a small, weak group would dare form an unauthorized army.
Forming such a thing was punishable by death!
Nova was also surprised, but as an army officer ordered to contact Vicente, she only followed orders.
Seeing everyone in silence, Vice asked. "Is there anything else I'm being accused of? I want to prepare to defend myself at the Martial Court."
The royal army enforced the law and punished lawbreakers. But the Martial Court, an independent arm of the army, judged these offenders.
For these people to have come to him, there must have already been a case in progress at the local Martial Court, the only place where Vicente could defend himself and delay the army's actions against him.
"We also have a charge of murder against you," Nova said in her angelic voice.
Murder within the kingdom's cities was a severe crime in the Seidel Kingdom. However, one could only be charged with murder if they killed under special circumstances. Self-defense was not considered a crime.
"Murder?" Vicente laughed. "That's nonsense. I only killed enemies who attacked me. The army will find no evidence against me."
"We have a body," Jett said, making Vicente look at him.
He smiled and asked. "Cesar, where were you an hour before the attack on your building? Why weren't you with your people at your headquarters?"
This was a question Vicente could not answer. If he wanted to keep his identity a secret and protect Nina from what he was involved in, he could not tell them that he was at home practicing his skills at the forge.
 Noticing Vicente's silence, the three suspected that he was indeed guilty.
The silence was not necessarily a confession, but he would have to speak or prove his innocence if he wanted to be free of guilt. Otherwise, he could be convicted at the Court Martial!
'Damn it! These wretches are framing me!' Vicente clenched his fists in anger. 'It won't stay like this, Defiant Tyranny!'
He stood up and said. "I am innocent of all you accuse me of. I will prove it in my own way. Talking to you won't solve anything, so I bid you farewell."
As he left, the guild master shouted. "Cesar, don't be rash. If you don't cooperate, even I won't be able to help you, and eventually, you won't even be able to be a mercenary."
Nova advised as she tossed a small card in Vicente's direction. "If you change your mind and decide to talk, come to us. You will have one week to present your defense and information. After that, the trial will begin, and in a month at the most, you could lose your business and even be arrested."
Vicente kept the card and then left, knowing that talking would get him nowhere.
But he was doubly angry. Criminals should not involve official forces in their problems!
'Fucking cowards. I'll show you how bandits act against their enemies!'



Chapter 111 New Plans
The next day...
After presenting to his group the problem they would have with the official forces, probably due to Defiant Tyranny, Vicente made plans to act against this local underworld group!
In their situation, they would not be able to mobilize local forces against Defiant Tyranny, as they were less influential, nor would they be able to protect themselves from these official actions that were clearly designed to harm them. Against corrupt people, only being stronger than everyone or capable of offering more abundant resources could make them change sides.
But Vicente's group was a far cry from the Defiant Tyranny.
The only alternative he and his men had was to use what they had, their own forces!
...
After a sleepless night, Vicente left his home early in the morning, dressed like a young businessman.
He had a severe look on his face as he walked through the central streets of Millfall, heading towards one of his first targets in his current plans.
He still planned to rob House Irwin, but Rory was slowly closing in on the servant Lena, so it would be days or weeks before he had to worry about such an enemy.
For now, Vice's priority was Defiant Tyranny.
'I already have the locations of that group and will soon have the numbers of that group.' As he walked toward his morning target, Vicente pondered the orders he had already given his men.
Some of his people were working to maintain his operations in his territory or even to ensure the safety of the groups transporting goods through the province. But some of his free men in Millfall were already on their way to investigate the group that concerned them most.
Aaron had said little about each local group that Vicente and Rory would have to worry about if they acted locally. He gave them a basic explanation and talked about their territories and who those two shouldn't be involved with.
But they had not heard from this man the numbers of the Defiant Tyranny or any other regional powers. All they knew was that the five main groups of Millfall could even influence Mages.
According to Aaron, they should not get negatively involved with any of these groups unless they could influence Mages.
But Vicente would not follow this advice!
On Earth, he had learned that if one wanted to climb the ladders of success, it was impossible to do so standing still and without taking risks and challenging the stones in one's path.
Could he influence Mages? Hell, no! But he dared to act and use his enemies to strengthen himself.
His group was determining the strength of the Defiant Tyranny and how well their ranks were guarded!
'When I have this information, I will strike a decisive blow against them!' Vicente narrowed his eyes, knowing that he had to act against this group before the one-month period the royal soldiers had told him was over.
After that, he would no longer be able to operate the way he was and would probably lose the support of the Scarlet Syndicate. Then, nothing would stand in the way of Defiant Tyranny against them.
Vicente pushed these thoughts aside as he stopped before the royal army post in Millfall.
He picked up the card Nova had given him the day before and looked at it, seeing her name and where he could find her. He held a hairpin in his other hand.
He wasn't there to defend himself against the previous accusations, let alone to provide proof of his innocence.
"Hello, can you tell me if Captain Bain is around?" Vicente asked with a smile as he arrived next to the guardhouse at the entrance of this army post.
The man inside the guardhouse looked at Vice, noticing the young man's unusual Magic Gem, something that would attract anyone's attention before any other visible information from a person.
Noticing that the young man was also well dressed, a muscular middle-aged man asked in a neutral tone.
"What do you want with the Captain, boy? She's here, but that's not enough for me to let you in."
In this world, people had their prejudices and could treat you entirely differently depending on your talents and the way you dressed, spoke, or even acted.
Some people were harsher or kinder in their manners, but it was common for people of very different social standing to treat those of the lower class very dryly.
Vicente had learned this in his childhood in Polaris Realm, and since then, he had benefited from dressing well and always speaking appropriately, with confidence, as if he had the world on his side.
He said. "I am a neighbor of Captain Bain. She asked me to bring her something."
"Oh? What is it? Give it to me, and I'll give it to her." The man smiled, imagining interacting with the most beautiful woman on this post.
But Vicente bitterly smiled. "That won't do. This is the Captain's personal belongings. I won't give it to someone I don't know."
"You!" This soldier felt like hitting this young man, but the low-ranking soldier backed down, not sensing Vicente's magic level and noting how confident this youth seemed.
 "Fine, but I'll come with you." He said before calling for someone to watch his post.
Vicente would soon follow such a person to the Captain's office, where she usually did the bureaucratic part of her service.
In a way, the royal army of the Seidel Kingdom was like the police on Earth. Just as police officers had to keep track of some of their operations, soldiers had to do the same in this state of Polaris Realm.
Nova did this in one of her two shifts. She worked from midnight to noon, usually staying overnight at the army post to do internal work, sometimes training, while taking care of external matters in the morning.
It was early in the day, so Nova had not yet left this post to do her local activities, solve problems, or patrol the city.
But today, it was her responsibility to patrol the city's south side, and she was already getting ready to leave.
Just as Vicente and the soldier arrived in front of her office in the public area of this army post, she opened her door, preparing to leave.
"Captain..." The soldier immediately smelled the sweet scent coming from Nova's body and fell silent for a moment, appreciating the beauty of this blue-haired woman.
Vicente looked into her eyes but said nothing, staring at her in such a way that she willingly turned her attention to him.
"Sergeant Harris, who is this?"



Chapter 112 Important Information
Upon hearing Nova's sweet voice, Sergeant Harris immediately pulled himself together and said. "Captain, this man claims to be your neighbor and is here to deliver something to you."
"Oh? My neighbor?" Nova narrowed her eyes as she continued to watch Vicente's eyes.
Since she had become an adult, she had been confronted with all kinds of strategies of men who tried to approach her. But this was the first time one had lied on this level.
Nova could just say that Vicente had lied and kicked the person out. But seeing the unusual magical form on his face and the courage he had to face her even after lying, she couldn't help but be interested.
"So, 'my neighbor,' can you give me what I asked you for?" She said as she walked towards the exit of the post, causing Vicente and the soldier to follow her.
"By the way, you are dismissed, Sergeant Harris."
"But..."
The man stopped, watching the two walk on without looking back as Vicente picked up the hairpin he had stolen from Nova the previous afternoon.
After ordering his men to begin investigating Defiant Tyranny's numbers, Vicente had set his sights on this woman.
As a member of the force that threatened him, she was certainly someone of interest to him!
He had sent one of his men to follow her, and when he heard from his man that she had gone to a restaurant with friends the previous afternoon, he had robbed her when he had the chance.
"Where did you get that?" She looked over and saw the hairpin in the hand of this black-haired young man whom she thought she had lost the day before.
"I found it yesterday afternoon in the bathroom of a restaurant," Vicente said, already outside the army post.
When she heard that, she stopped and looked him straight in the face. "Is that so? Thank you. What's your name?"
"Vicente Fuller. But you can call me Vice." He stated, admiring the beauty of Nova's eyes.
Vicente had a mental experience beyond his years. But the hormones in his body were those of a young man in his prime. Being with this woman, he couldn't help but feel different.
Eve was a beauty like Nova, but besides not having the unusual quirks one would not find on Earth, Vice had met Eve at a different time in his life.
Seeing such a woman every day, he did not look at her with perverted thoughts and resisted her charms. But Nova's case was different. He couldn't help but look at her with interest.
People from the Polaris Realm would have their bodies fully formed and ready to reproduce after the Awakening as long as they had no unusual problems or diseases.
Vicente, for example, no longer had any signs in his appearance that said he was just a teenager a few months ago. To anyone who saw him, he was a fully formed adult, and the most someone like Nova could say was that he was quite young.
But without sensing Vicente's magic level, Nova had no way of knowing that he was a 14-year-old 'brat' and treated him like someone her own age.
"So what do you want, Vicente? You could have given it to me in the restaurant, couldn't you? You must have seen me. Otherwise, you wouldn't know who it belonged to." She pressed him.
There was always the possibility that a soldier like her would attract more than love interests. This could be an enemy of the army.
But Vice smiled as he raised his hands. "I really saw you. But why should I have done that when you were surrounded by friends? I thought it best to have a chance to talk to you alone, Captain."
Nova could sense Vicente's interest in her, but he seemed a little different, unlike the other men she knew. He was sincere in his interest but didn't seem to act 'submissive' in front of her.
"And now? What do you want? You got what you wanted, didn't you?" She asked him.
"My goal was not to talk to you alone, Captain. What would I gain by talking to you in person? I know many would be happy just to see you acknowledge their existence, but I have no reason to be satisfied with that.
Forget your friends for one night, and let's get to know each other. We can have dinner at The Jazz Boar tonight."
Seeing how Vicente spoke as if there was no way she could refuse him, Nova grinned and showed him her perfect teeth.
"And why would I do that? Do I have to have dinner with you just because you gave me something back?" She asked with an interested tone.
"You can refuse if you want. But do you have better plans? I sincerely doubt it." Vicente stepped forward and approached Nova.
She looked at him, noticing his clothes, especially a bulge at his waist. "Do you carry a weapon, Vicente?"
"Always, Captain."
"Aren't you afraid that I will consider this movement a threat to my person?"
"Only if the Captain feels threatened by a stolen kiss."
 She laughed at that and took a step back. "You're interesting."
She walked in front of Vicente in a good mood. "Actually, you can call me Nova. Don't take that as a yes, though. I'll consider giving you a chance to have dinner with me."
Vice smiled, two dimples forming on his cheeks. "I know where to find you. Here's my address." He flipped out a small business card with his address in the center of town.
"Do you think I'll come to you?"
"I can come to your house, but I don't know where you live, Nova."
She laughed and said nothing more.
Leaving Vicente behind on the sidewalk of the army post, she soon made her way to her morning work, thinking about this guy.
'What an interesting guy... Maybe a dinner with him wouldn't be so bad.' She thought. What worse could happen?
As she thought this, Vicente watched her from behind and saw how her hips swayed.
Vicente whistled in interest, but even as his masculine side screamed with desire, his rational side kept him in check as he thought about his plans.
'We will speak again soon, Nova Bain.' Seeing her disappear in front of him, he glanced at the barracks behind him, where several men were glaring at him.
Clenching his fists, Vicente made his way to his estate.
...
In the blink of an eye, 3 days had passed since Vicente and Nova's relaxed meeting at the royal army post.
In those days, the two had only seen each other once, when Vicente 'accidentally' crossed her path while she was patrolling an area of Millfall. But nothing had happened except that they had exchanged a few words and flirted.
Meanwhile, Vicente had invited Nova to his house, this time using Nina's birthday to lure her away.
Nova was a virgin whom many local men wanted. She would not go to the house of a stranger she had only spoken to twice. But the birthday of a girl under 10 was different from a date when she had to worry about Vicente's intentions.
But once again, Nova had said nothing to Vicente.
His time was running out to deliver his defense, but Vicente didn't believe that defending himself would help him much, so he hadn't tried to contact Nova with his identity as Cesar.
But in those days, his men had gathered the information he needed about the Defiant Tyranny!
With the data on the number of those men and their strength, he and his group of Acolytes, Rory, and some Senior Apprentices were gathering now.
Six people were in a windowless room on the second floor of this family's operations headquarters.
Vicente sat beside one of his men, discussing the Defiant Tyranny group.
"Boss, our enemies had 4 battalions in addition to their headquarters before the attack on our post days ago. Now they have 3, which is composed of nearly 100 men, a little over half of them Apprentices and the rest Acolytes". A Senior Apprentice presented this information to Vicente while standing and looking at his leader.
Another man added. "But the headquarters of the Defiant Tyranny has 21 more men, all Acolytes. The strongest is the leader and his right and left hands. They are between levels 4 and 5.
The rest of the men in the headquarters are level 3 and 4 Acolytes. Few men from this force are part of the battalions.
They also have a network of local criminals whose number and strength we couldn't determine. But they are small bandits. I believe there are no powerful people among them to worry us.
Rory asked. "And how are their men distributed among their five posts?"
Defiant Tyranny had a total of five posts in Millfall. The headquarters was in a brothel, while the others were in their territory, where these battalions were based or from where their personnel ran the group's business.
"The average strength of the other posts was supposed to be slightly higher than that of the group that attacked us. But with the loss of that battalion, things might be a little different now. Maybe some of the men at the headquarters are acting to keep control of those posts, so it's hard to say. For sure, there are fewer people at those posts."
Hearing this, Vicente immediately decided what he was going to do. "We're going to raid the best-protected post in this group."



Chapter 113 Birthday
"The best-protected post?" Rory narrowed his eyes, not understanding what his friend meant.
Vice explained. "We destroyed one of their groups. It's probably the weakest. But weakest or not, they will undoubtedly be missed by the enemy group. This means that the resources of the weakest outpost must have been transferred to other outposts by now.
We won't achieve much by raiding the weakest. Our chances are better against the better-protected one, which must have more valuable resources.
The riches of the Defiant Tyranny were certainly in the group's headquarters, where the strongest could protect them. However, the smaller outposts had to have something as they needed resources to maintain their operations and nurture their men.
In Vice's opinion, their enemies had sent the resources from the weaker outpost to the stronger one. So, this place should be the most valuable of the four outposts accessible to him and his men.
He could not risk entering the enemy's headquarters without being well prepared. He wanted to attack the one with the highest reward among the other outposts.
"A high reward naturally comes with a high risk." One of the more experienced men in the group remarked, causing Vicente to nod in agreement.
"When will we do this?" One of the three Acolytes asked.
Vicente replied and looked at him. "In 3 nights. Soon, the royal army will bring charges against us. It will be best if we act while everyone is observing this.
They think they can hurt us... Let's show these bastards who get screwed first!" He said in a more aggressive tone but still sitting in his chair with a neutral look on his face.
Rory understood what Vicente wanted and said. "Get ready by investigating this strongest enemy outpost." He said to the group there. "Three days is enough for us to gather information about this outpost and place some lookouts around the area."
With these words, the group would soon depart from there, each person going to solve different problems, but most of them focused on this problem of Defiant Tyranny.
...
Two days later...
Vicente and Rory had taken the night off to celebrate Nina's 8th birthday.
While their men moved around Millfall for the sake of their plans, the two of them celebrated young Miss Fuller's birthday with friends.
At that moment, the hall and living room of the Fuller residence was decorated with various festive items, along with various snacks and dishes that were common to such celebrations.
At the same time, Nina was happily playing with her local friends.
Although she had only been in Millfall for a short time, Nina and Eve went out every day to parks, shops, etc. Thus, she had already met some other children of her age and made friends.
Kids really had an easy time interacting with strangers and making new friends!
But Nina had only invited 2 local friends and an old acquaintance from Martell Village to her birthday party. So, only 3 children were there to play with her while their guardians chatted and ate.
Some of Vicente's society partners were also there with gifts for the little black-haired girl running around with her friends.
"Vicente, your little sister will soon be a young lady. Save it for when that happens." The wife of one of the merchants said as she handed Vicente a box.
He didn't spy on this person's gift and thanked her immediately.
Meanwhile, Rory was chatting with a local Baron, thanking him for the visit and the gift he had brought.
Vicente had a great relationship with at least 2 local Barons. One of them, the man who was there to congratulate Nina, was someone who had known this young man's father since before Lauren was born!
Barons were the closest nobles to commoners. Not only that, some of them were not heirs to their position but the first nobles of their lineage. Therefore, getting along with many of them was easier, and they did not display the natural arrogance of socially well-positioned people.
On the other hand, lower nobles depended more than anyone else on partnerships with relevant commoners.
Vicente was only a merchant, but in a few years, he had a number of contracts far exceeding what Andrew had achieved in decades of work.
To give you an idea of the difference in their numbers, Andrew had contracts with 4 Barons of the province before he died. But Vice currently had 7!
"Young Point, you have a great talent. I didn't expect you to awaken such a magnificent magical gem." That nobleman commented to the red-haired young man he had met months ago on one of Vicente and Rory's business trips before they moved to this city.
"Thank you for the compliment, Baron Oliver..." Rory continued talking to this man, one of the 8 barons who lived in Millfall.
Was it strange that there were 8 nobles with the same title in one town? Maybe it was on Earth, but in the Seidel Kingdom, things didn't work like in that blue world.
The cities were not part of the nobles' territories. They were royal domains. Therefore, in cities like Millfall, you could find several residences of nobles.
Each of these nobles had their territories, but they did not usually live in them. Generally, nobles would live in cities and maintain their businesses between their territory and such cities.
 The Scott Province had 81 Barons but only 21 cities with more than 50 thousand inhabitants. Most of these nobles lived in a few of these cities, the ones closest to their territories.
While Rory was strengthening his group's ties with the Oliver family, the doorbell of the Fuller residence rang.
Eve heard it and left Vicente's side to answer it.
"Is anyone else missing?" She muttered to herself before opening the house's front door to a blue-haired woman.
Eve didn't recognize the woman, but she smiled graciously. "Are you?" She asked, imagining that there must be some mistake.
But the beautiful blonde with blue eyes similar to Nova's was surprised to see that this was no mistake.
Nova smiled at Eve and said. "Hello, my name is Nova. I'm here for young Nina's birthday. Vicente invited me."
"Oh?" Eve was surprised.
She had not expected this beauty to be invited by Vice!
'Who is this? Is it some plan of Vicente's? Or is he finally chasing after the opposite gender?" Eve wanted to smile.
She saw Vicente as a younger brother, even considering how responsible and intelligent he was. At the thought that this could be Vice's love interest, Eve couldn't help but feel happy for him.
"This way, Miss Nova." She led the way, gesturing with one hand in the direction of the sound of several people talking.
But Nova looked at Eve intently, wondering who this woman was.
Eve was a rare beauty with curves that would drive men crazy!
"And you? How are you to Vicente?" Nova asked.
"I'm Eve, young Nina's nanny."
Speaking in low voices, the two made their way into the hall where most of the guests for this celebration were.
Nova smiled, noticing that Vicente had not lied to lure her into his home. 'You really are unique... Inviting me to a birthday party was really great.' She looked at the children running around and smiled.
Nova loved children!
As much as she had no interest in having children at the moment, she wanted to have several when she reached a more stable position within the army.
Only for that reason, she had agreed to come to this place after much deliberation.
But as she smiled at the sight of the children there, almost everyone in the area looked in her direction, standing in silence for a moment to admire her beauty.
This was a city of many beautiful women. But Nova was definitely in the top ten of the most stunning women in all of Millfall!
Even Baron Oliver could not help but ignore young Rory to look at the blue beauty.
"Captain Bain, I did not expect to find you here." He said, smiling at her.
Nova took her eyes off the children and looked at the middle-aged man dressed in a gray suit and was surprised to see a nobleman there.
"Baron Oliver, I am the one who is surprised." She made a gesture of greeting to a superior.
Her superiors were members of the royal family and soldiers of higher rank than her in the royal army. But as a noble of the Seidel Kingdom, Baron Oliver deserved as much respect as a deputy would from police officers on Earth.
Vicente looked at Nova and winked when he saw that she had indeed come.
He approached and said. "Thank you for coming to Nina's birthday, Nova."
She looked at him and smiled with interest. But first of all, she said to the nobleman there. "Baron Oliver, I would like to see the birthday girl."
"But of course."
Nova then followed Vicente to Nina.



Chapter 114 1st Stage Blacksmith
When Nina saw her brother calling her, she went to him with a smile on her face, a little tired.
She could barely keep up with her friends' running because of her mobility problems. She struggled to play with them and was twice as tired as any of them.
Still, she was happy and asked, breathing heavily. "What is it, big brother?"
"This is a friend, Nina. She's here to give you a present." Vice made hand signals to his sister, making Nova realize this little girl was deaf.
She immediately felt terrible but tried not to show it to Nina. The worst thing a person with a disability could expect when meeting a new person was a look of pity.
Then Nova smiled and leaned down until her face was at the same level as Nina's.
"Nina, you are a lovely girl. Please accept my gift." She said, not knowing sign language.
But Nina understood her and immediately took the gift from Nova's hands.
As a child, she loved presents, whether they were from strangers or acquaintances!
"Thank you, big sister!" She jumped for joy, receiving her present, and soon hugged Nova and went to see what it was.
"I didn't know your sister was deaf..." Nova commented, feeling sorry for Nina. "Would you mind telling me how that happened?"
Nina could talk, so she couldn't have been born that way!
"Hmm, we were involved in a battle of Sovereigns when we were younger. We barely survived." Vicente said, hiding the worst thing that had happened that day, the worst in his life.
Nova opened her mouth in shock, imagining how terrible it must have been to go through that at such a young age.
Even adults and magicians of her level would be frightened to see such experts demonstrating their skills... But Vicente and Nina had actually survived a battle between 4th-stage magicians!
"I'm sorry." She said, feeling bad.
Unfortunately, there was nothing she or even the more powerful ones in the kingdom could do about it. Experts did as they pleased in this world, and no one could control this kind of situation.
The cases of people like Vicente and Nina were not uncommon. The number of casualties due to clashes between high or even low-level magicians was not small!
Nova knew this was the case for 4th-stage experts, but it was also true for 1st-stage magicians.
'This is the cruel face of our world, Vice... I'm sorry that a sweet child like Nina had to see it so early.' Nova looked to where the young girl had run. 'Cases like yours are rare, but everyday groups like Cesar's harm people of all kinds.
As a member of the royal army and protector of order, I can't do anything for you, but I will try my best to change groups like the Defiant Tyranny, the Scarlet Syndicate, and Cesar's party!' She clenched her fists as she thought about it.
"Don't worry." Vicente smiled at her as he took one of Nova's hands. "Why don't I show you our house? It will be good for you not to get lost in the future."
Hearing Vicente's tone, Nova looked into his eyes and did not refuse his touch. Vice seemed to be flirting with her, but Nova understood it differently.
To her, he was demonstrating his strength by not letting his tragedies affect him, demonstrating what it took to protect and support Nina.
She unconsciously bit her lower lip and accepted that he was pulling her to show her this house.
She smiled and said. "Me getting lost in the future? You're too trusting. But let me see where little Nina lives. If you don't give her the best, I'll teach you a lesson!"
...
After a few hours, all the visitors to Nina's birthday party left, and she went to her room next to Eve's to look at some of the presents she had not yet opened.
Her classes at a local academy would start next week, so she had little time to enjoy some of these gifts in her spare time.
While Rory would continue his evening with someone he had recently visited, Vicente would have no such adventures for the time being.
Things were going well between him and Nova, but he would need more time to gain such a woman's trust.
Anyway, he felt it was only a matter of time before he had one contact inside the local royal army post, and before his daily meditation, he went to his training area in that residence.
Vicente finished reading the last few books that were missing to complete all the material he had received from Benson, and soon, he was with a wooden hammer in his hand, once again practicing his forging skills.
By channeling his mana into his movements, he accelerated the speed of his movements, the power of his blows, and also the accuracy with which he hit.
By better combining the way he moved the hammer with the appropriate amount of mana and basic knowledge of forging, he struck the hard-to-mold substance and slowly removed it from its square shape.
 As he made the training object smaller and smaller, with fewer and fewer edges, Vicente felt as if something was pressing down on him with each blow.
When he made his last attack, completing 13 hours of training with the hammer, he suddenly felt as if something inside him had changed.
The pressure on him disappeared, and his training object stabilized, showing a perfect spherical shape.
A crack came from one of Vicente's hands. He looked at the wooden hammer and saw several cracks growing on it.
As this happened, a bit of smoke came out from inside the item, and a few words formed in front of him.
"This..."
'If you made it this far, congratulations, my disciple, you are now a 1st-stage blacksmith!'
Vicente read before he saw the smoke dissipate in front of him.
He looked down at his hands, ignoring the sweat dripping from his face and the natural fatigue after more than an hour of training with the now-broken hammer.
Standing in the middle of his training area, the black-haired, shirtless young man moved what little mana he had left before he was exhausted and activated his first skill.
The red pentagram appeared in front of one of his hands, and several of his surrounding metal objects instantly changed shape to form a revolver.
This time, Vicente made no mistake, and every part of this weapon was similar to the design behind it.
Taking this gun in his hands, Vicente used one of the bullets he had in the cannon of another gun he always carried with him and fired.
Bang!



Chapter 115 Masters Test
Firing his new revolver, Vicente almost forgot his fatigue as he opened his eyes in interest to see his creation working perfectly.
Then he decided to test it again, this time using his mana, putting in the same amount that he and his men had already found to be the maximum of their weapons, which were assembled with components made by a blacksmith of the Martell Village.
Bang!
After loading his revolver with another bullet, he immediately squeezed the trigger and infused mana into the shot.
The shot became many times stronger than the previous one, easily destroying a part of the wall of this underground area of Vicente's house.
His weapon remained intact, so Vicente immediately decided to shoot again, this time using twice as much mana, the most he could do before he exhausted himself.
Bang!
Boom!
He managed to fire another bullet, but his gun exploded in his hand right after the shot!
Fortunately, Vicente's magnetic ability was already much stronger than the last time he had to deal with shots of this speed.
The moment one of the fragments of his gun went towards his left eye, Vicente's ability immediately showed itself and made that and other fragments stop before hitting him.
However, he was still injured by the gun fragments that hit his hand holding the revolver.
But looking at the spot where he had been hit, Vicente ignored the pain in his hand. He saw that even though he had used twice as much mana as in the previous shot, the damage of this last shot was about 3 times more than the previous one!
In numerical terms, if the first shot with mana did 100 of damage, the second shot did 300. The mana used in the first shot was 10, equivalent to the power of a Junior Apprentice. In contrast, the mana used in the second shot was 20, equivalent to the starting power of an Intermediate Apprentice.
Considering this, Vicente didn't even care about the pain in his hand, as he felt he could kill even a level 1 Acolyte with this shot, even if such a person defended themselves with all their might!
A smile formed on his face, and Vicente saw the path to power in his hands!
"This is fucking awesome!" He vibrated with excitement. 'If I can develop weapons that can withstand the full power of the Senior Apprentices, I believe I will be able to threaten the lives of even level 3 Acolytes, maybe even level 4!'
The higher the level, the greater the difference in mana density, elemental understanding, and the number of spells and skills. These things greatly changed one's combat proficiency, not to mention one's magical talent and form.
Even if he thought about what it would be like to use even more mana than he had just used, Vicente didn't expect to reach the end of the 2nd stage with his weapons.
But even if he achieved a little less than he thought possible, it would still be an important step forward for his group. He just needed better weapons to transform his team!
Vicente looked at the blood dripping from his hand and immediately used his skill to remove all the metals in it.
Such a wound was not small, and he could even see his bones. But he endured the pain and quickly bandaged his hand before leaving his house in the middle of the night.
...
"Master, I am here. I have finished reading the books you gave me." Vicente knocked on Benson's door minutes after leaving his house, eager to get more materials and advice from this blacksmith.
Benson was still working, and when he heard the voice of his newest student, he immediately looked out of one of the windows of his warehouse-like home.
When he saw the black-haired young man standing in front of his house, he pressed a button inside his clothing, and the metal dummy of his residence quickly went to Vice.
Upon entering his master's residence, Vicente rushed over to where his master in the art of forging was and soon saw this unique figure.
Seeing Vice, Benson looked at one of his student's hands and noticed the bloody stripes on that part of his body.
"What happened to your hand?"
"I injured it while testing something I created... Anyway, master, the most important thing is that I have completed the initial training. I believe I am already a 1st stage blacksmith!" Vicente said in an excited tone.
He did not want congratulations from this man but new books, and, who knows, advice.
However, Benson wasn't in a hurry. As he removed a 1st-grade recovery potion from his storage item, he said. "Recover from this first. You must have seen the message I left on the hammer, right? Don't be in such a hurry. You have reached the minimum level to be called a blacksmith.
You will only become a true 1st stage blacksmith when you pass the association test. Until then, you are just a beginner blacksmith, capable of making artifacts that are minimally useful for their purposes."
Vicente took the potion and felt it would help him, so he drank it immediately.
When he felt his right hand burning under the potion's effect, Vicente looked at Benson and said. "I am eager to learn more and reach a relevant level. What do I have to do?"
 Benson was pleased to see that this young man was not like some who, after advancing, thought they had conquered the world and became negligent.
He said. "I will give you some new books to study later and more materials. As much as your skill makes it easy to manipulate matter, not everything can be done with metals, and there are things you need to understand first with the simple techniques of forging.
But before we go any further, I want to see what you can do, Vicente."
Benson walked over to an area of the large forge where various minerals were at hand.
"Before you go back to training on your own, I want you to use your skill to extract the metals from some of the minerals I have here and use them to make a 1st-grade artifact." He said as he sat down, facing the part of this large forge where his lower-level disciples usually trained their skills.
Benson judged that Vicente's ability would make him capable of extracting metals from minerals, giving him an advantage over blacksmiths from all over the continent, who usually had to spend hours extracting the metals they wanted from ores.
Vicente immediately made his way to that area, thinking he could do it, even though he had never thought of such a thing until that moment.
It was definitely easier to move pure metals than those in ores, where there were other types of non-metallic materials, often in the form of substances.
Vicente then looked at a stone the size of an adult human and activated his ability, quickly changing the expression on his face as he realized the difficulty of doing what Benson suggested.



Chapter 116 Important Training
"Tough, huh?" Benson smiled, knowing that it wouldn't be so easy for Vicente to move the metal atoms of this mineral with his skill.
Blacksmiths had complex methods for extracting metals from minerals. But it was so complicated that, given the tribulation of the extraction, half of the item's production time was spent on this process alone.
Benson had expected that Vicente would find it difficult to perform this task, which seemed simple on the surface. After all, there was a big difference between manipulating a 'uniform' and dense metallic mass where there were billions of atoms.
In the Polaris Realm, there was no clear and simple concept of atoms as there was on Earth. But the people of this world, especially the blacksmiths and alchemists, understood that substances were composed of small parts similar to atoms.
The mana of these special items had specific natures. A mineral was related to metals, and a specific plant was related to wood or other elemental variations.
Even without knowing about atoms, Benson knew there was a complex composition behind a mineral, with different types of elemental natures combined, mana, and more.
To extract the metal from a mineral that one would need to create a weapon, one would have to use various processes to eliminate these additional properties. Since one would not usually have an affinity for everything that might be in a mineral, most magicians could not even consider using their powers alone for something like what Benson was asking Vice to do!
But he said to his student. "Vicente, I am sure that your skill will give you the ability to do this extraction, so I ask you to do it. But by extracting metals in this way, you can greatly increase your understanding and mastery of your skill. If you can do what I ask, this whole great world will eventually become a gigantic reserve for you and your creations!"
Benson was only thinking about the implications of Vicente's skills for the forge.
But the moment he heard his master speak, Vice realized that this would have a significant impact on his warrior skills!
'If I can do what he asks of me, one day, I will be able to control the metals in the bloodstream of my enemies!' Vicente thought as he tried harder to move his powers and extract the metal from this mineral.
The metal mass in one's blood was far less than the amount in this mineral. Not only that, metals did not remain free in living organisms but in the form of substances.
In a way, metals in the body were like those in minerals but in much smaller quantities and more difficult to handle.
Vicente did not delude himself that completing this difficult mission today would immediately give him the ability to control the metals in enemies' bodies. Only by improving his skills over a long period of time through such training could he achieve such proficiency!
Sweat dripped from his face and back as the ore in front of him shook under Vicente's powers.
After nearly half an hour of trying to extract the metals from the ore, it split in half, revealing a silver ball inside the piece of stone.
Noticing what Vicente had done, Benson smiled, seeing how clever his student was.
Instead of trying to control every metallic atom in the mineral, Vicente concentrated on separating those atoms from the non-metallic ones and bringing them together, thereby increasing the magnetic force inside the mineral.
By bringing the metallic atoms together, the dispersed magnetic force came together and increased many times over, making Vicente's job easier.
It had taken him half an hour, and he had spent almost all of his mana on this exercise. But he had removed a good part of the metallic atoms from the mineral, enough to produce something with his own hands.
"Very good. That's already faster than the mineral extraction process I use." Benson smiled as he looked at the small silver sphere, seeing his student's potential.
"Take this potion and then use what you have extracted to create a weapon of any kind. I want to see how good the weapon you create will be, Vicente." He said after tossing a restorative potion to the black-haired young man, who was currently drenched in sweat and breathing heavily.
Vicente immediately ingested the contents of the elixir, feeling a freshness in his body, and the environment's mana quickly entered him to replenish his reserves.
Noticing the potion's effect, Vicente couldn't help but notice that his mana was a bit denser.
'As expected. This must be high-level training. In just 30 minutes of hard work, my mana has already become 3% denser!'
Vicente waited for the potion to finish working on his body and then looked back at the metallic orb encrusted in the stone.
'If I'm in a hurry, I think I can use my elemental affinity with Earth to make my job easier. But doing it with just my first skill will be good practice.' He thought before activating his first Red Magic Pentagram again.
With that, he easily manipulated the metallic sphere, turning it into a liquid and letting it float in front of him.
Seeing how Vicente manipulated this metal and others that were already there to be worked on, Benson noticed that his student was being more careful.
Instead of forming his weapon in a matter of seconds as he usually did, Vicente slowly formed the necessary metal alloys, working to make them stable.
He then manipulated their shape, building a dagger piece by piece, following the sequence a blacksmith would normally follow to bring a dagger design to 'life.'
"Very good. You get the point. Your skill is outstanding. But they will always have defects if you don't build proper structures for your weapons with strong metal alloys.
Vicente, do you want to know the difference between your previous weapons and the one you are about to make? Those other weapons could only be used to hurt unsuspecting Senior Apprentices. But this one could even endanger the lives of Acolytes!
If an Acolyte handles this dagger, it could definitely injure someone at level 3."
Benson had no intention of encouraging his student to make powerful weapons for himself to use. As a blacksmith, he wanted to teach his student to make the best equipment for his customers.
 But Vicente naturally considered the implications of his master's words from the perspective of combat and understood that he and his men would be stronger with better weapons.
Eventually, he finished the weapon, producing a 25-centimeter dagger with a silver blade and gold hilt.
Seeing his student's finished product, Benson stood up and appraised him.
"Well done, Vicente. This is a fine weapon and could be sold without embarrassment to either of us." Benson said as his eyes glowed and flames in his hands tested the properties of this item.
"This dagger is a 1st-grade item with 45% efficiency. In the hands of a Senior Apprentice, it could even wound Acolytes before requiring maintenance." He said, showing Vicente important properties that any magical equipment would have.



Chapter 117 Time to Counterattack
After listening to Benson's speech, Vicente was not confused by his master's terms and analysis.
Each item produced by magicians would have efficiency, progress, or purity, in short, a characteristic that would show how good the item was for magicians of the same stage as the item's grade.
For example, purer pills meant that they were better concerning the impurities but also more effective for magicians near the peak of their stage. In the case of blacksmith-crafted items, efficiency concerned how well the item would defend or deal damage when worn.
Armor with 100% efficiency would be impenetrable to magicians of the same stage as the item's grade, using weapons of a similar grade with less than 100% efficiency.
This was also an important attribute to know how much maintenance you would have to worry about.
Any artifact used in battle, even those with 100% efficiency, would eventually require maintenance. But while an item with maximum efficiency might last dozens of battles before you had to take it to a blacksmith, an item with 10% efficiency might even lose its properties after a single battle.
But for Vicente, 45% was pretty good for the second item he had made using what he had learned from Benson's tips and study materials.
'When I reach 100% on my weapons, I believe the Senior Apprentices will be able to use all their power to fire bullets!' Vicente smiled as Benson finished analyzing the dagger.
"... Anyway, Vicente. I want to see you produce something with a hammer. Understand that using your skills makes everything easier for you. But your skill will develop even faster if you train with the hammer."
With that, Vicente would soon spend the next two hours working under Benson's observation, following his advice and getting tips.
In the end, he would produce a slightly less beautiful weapon with slightly less efficiency than the previous dagger. But Benson was pleased with his student's progress.
"Here is your new material," Benson said as he smiled in satisfaction. "Absorb the contents of these 20 books over the next few weeks. When you have time, train with this new equipment."
Vicente quickly gathered these study and training items before Benson gave him his last order of the night. "Don't forget to try to extract metals from ores whenever possible, like you did today.
Anyway, that's all for today. Come back when you are finished or if you have any questions. After you've mastered what's in these books, it will be time for you to visit the Association."
"OK, master."
After that, Vicente said goodbye to Benson and quickly went back to his house.
...
The next morning, Vicente said goodbye to Nina when she woke up and headed back to his headquarters.
Arriving there, where his men were already nervously waiting for him, Vicente was soon gathered with his principal men.
"I have good news. Last night, I managed to produce the first weapon with my skills." He said with a smile, making all the worried faces in the room change, considering what they had planned for this day.
"What? Are you serious?" Rory asked in surprise.
That was pretty fast!
There were young people Vicente's age who understood forging even more than he. But they were youths who had studied their craft for years, not days like this black-haired chap.
That's why everyone was shocked!
Vice smiled even more. "Yes. From today, we will not buy any more weapons. I will make everything we need from now on. Then we will have to concentrate on buying metals and ores.
But that's not the only good news. Soon, I will be able to improve the quality of our weapons!"
Unlike ordinary blacksmiths, Vicente was able to modify already finished items. In a way, he could recycle his weapons, something blacksmiths could not normally do because, once produced, these items took on characteristics that were difficult to separate.
If one recycled an artifact, much of its structure would usually be lost.
But Vicente was confident he could overcome this and recycle these items to create even more powerful weapons!
"Right now, I can't do much, but I believe that in three weeks at the most, I will have refined my skills to the point where our Senior Apprentices can use their weapons at full power without the risk of destroying them."
"That's fantastic!"
"We can change many of our current problems with better weapons."
"Yes, this will be our path to glory!"
The level 1 Acolytes there commented with satisfaction.
Vice then ordered. "Therefore, I want you to use the resources that come from the Peters family to buy minerals from now on. Gather what you can from these minerals."
 The men watched as Vicente quickly wrote down the names of the minerals and metals he wanted on a piece of paper.
Feeling more energized by their leader's news, the group soon began to discuss the topic of the day in a less tense mood, the action against one of Defiant Tyranny's most heavily guarded outposts!
"Prepare yourselves. Tonight, we're going to attack the bastards who are trying to frame us!" Vicente became more serious, eager to deal a heavy blow to these enemies.
"Boss, everyone is ready. We have followed your orders and prepared everything for the invasion and escape. You just have to give the order, and we'll start the plan!" One of the Acolytes said with clenched fists, eager for revenge.
"Very well, by nightfall, we will make Defiant Tyranny reconsider their actions!" Vicente said firmly.
...
As dusk fell, Millfall had another night like any other, with people working, residents retiring to their homes, or going to their nightly meeting places.
The brothels were especially busy at this time of day, and the effects of alcohol were more apparent in these establishments and others.
In one such brothel, the men were celebrating their recent actions, feeling that some of their problems would soon be solved.
"Boss, what will we do with them in the meantime?" A subordinate of the leader of the Defiant Tyranny asked his leader, referring to 'Cesar's' group.
"Order the subordinates of our men to increase the frequency of incursions in Cesar's damned territory. Let's weaken his operations while he doesn't lose his right to operate in that area."
One of the high-ranking men there agreed with his leader. "With this, the Scarlet Syndicate may withdraw from the agreement with Cesar before the end of the month. After that, we can crush these people!"
With that, the men there smiled and celebrated the start of Vicente's case in the Martial Court.
They wanted to crush this young man who thought he could act against them. But the leader of this group wanted to do it for himself, so he had to fend off Vicente's defenders before he could act.
'Soon... Soon, I'll rip your head off, you bastard!' The level 5 Acolyte laughed as he inhaled the smoke from a cigar.
Little did he know that at that very moment, 2 of his 4 posts surrounding his territory were under attack!



Chapter 118 Simultaneous Attacks
While the Defiant Tyranny leader's group celebrated in their headquarters, smoking, drinking, and playing with women, two of their outposts were being attacked!
In the territory of this local criminal faction, two of the farthest outposts were suffering from Vicente's plans.
...
At the second strongest of the four Defiant Tyranny outposts, a dozen of Vicente's men were standing in front of what looked like an abandoned building.
Several flames could be seen around the perimeter, while fallen walls and bloodied bodies, some mutilated, lay nearby.
Shrieks of pain and the smell of burning flesh reached the people nearby while several auras rose inside the post.
From one hour to the next, several bombs exploded inside and outside the post before several gunshots rang out from all sides of the building.
One minute, the place was quiet, and everything seemed normal. The next minute, everything changed, and everyone in that place was shocked and suffering from internal and external attacks!
Meanwhile, Vicente's men were preparing to retreat!
"How much longer do we have to stay here, boss?" One of the men shooting at the Acolytes in that place asked, feeling nervous.
The danger of attacking this place was not small. But for Vicente to succeed, they had to stay there for at least a few moments!
"One minute. We need to attack this place for one minute. After that, we will retreat!" The Acolyte in charge of the group said, also quite tense but aware that they had to hold out for this short, but to them, seemingly infinite period.
Luckily, two nights ago, Vicente had managed to sneak into two enemy posts and place detonators inside them!
At that moment, while those men were shooting to make life difficult for some of the battalion's members, some of their strongest enemies were focused on finding the enemy inside, worried that someone would take their resources!
...
At the second post being attacked by Vicente's group...
While Rory commanded his men next to a level 1 Acolyte to continue the attack on this outpost, inside the building under attack, a level 3 Acolyte was frantically making his way to the vault of his outpost.
Most of his party's resources were not there. But there were the supplies, coins, equipment, and even resources that were distributed monthly within this outpost.
Knowing how important these resources were to his battalion, the man whom the leader of Defiant Tyranny had assigned to protect this place after the loss of the 4th Battalion desperately made his way to the vault.
As he broke into a cold sweat and tried to ignore the gunfire outside this place, this man held a communication device and shouted for help.
"Damn it! We are under attack! Send help immediately! Someone has attacked our post, and several of our men are dead or wounded!" He yelled, calling for help from the other battalions and even his group's headquarters.
"What? But how is that possible? The 2nd Battalion is under attack right now!" A voice came from the other end of the line, shocking the man.
"Shit! They are acting together to split our forces!" He immediately 'understood' the problem and mentally cursed those behind the attack.
...
But while the men of the Defiant Tyranny thought that Vicente's goal was to divide their numbers into two posts, this young man had already infiltrated the most protected post after the group's headquarters!
Vicente wanted to infiltrate this place from the beginning, and the other two posts under attack now were mere distractions from the real target of his group.
Defiant Tyranny's headquarters would never be unprotected for him to act against. Still, the situation of this post was a bit different. Even though it was the best protected of the four, with two locations under attack, several of the men from this location were already moving towards those two locations.
Vicente had already entered this place before his men started to act. When he noticed the nervousness of the men in this place, with groups leaving, he saw his moment to act!
Vicente quickly made his way through the 4-story building to the vault, located in the middle of the building, between the 2nd and 3rd floors.
Using the movement skills he had developed since learning to manipulate mana, he managed to go unnoticed by the few men who remained to protect the location.
In less than a minute after he started moving, he was already less than 50 meters from the vault!
But even so close to his goal, Vicente could not complete his mission there without first taking out one of the men of this site!
Arriving at a critical point of this invasion, he noticed a man standing in front of the entrance to the vault, a place from which Vicente could not deviate to reach the vault door.
Realizing the problem, Vice did not hesitate long, knowing that his people would only keep their attacks between 1 and 2 minutes. After that, considering the distances between this organization's outposts and its members' power, he should have less than 1.5 minutes to complete his robbery and escape.
Vicente took his gun, which he had produced before coming here, and pointed it at that person's head.
 Bang!
As he used all his strength to fire the bullet, Vicente did his best to create a silencer in front of his revolver, but with or without a big firing sound, he would cause a disturbance.
The moment his bullet passed through the silencer, its structure, and the gun exploded in Vicente's hands.
Boom!
Luckily for him, the bullet withstood the chaotic force on itself and mercilessly hit the forehead of the level 3 Acolyte!
When the man with a Yellow Magic Gem like Vice's sensed an enemy moving against him, it was too late. With no time to dodge or defend himself, he relied on his body characteristics to withstand this attack.
"Aagh!"
He was about to scream when he felt his skin being sliced and his skull cracking at the height of Vicente's shot. But suddenly, a blade sliced the air, entered his mouth, and cut through his throat!
Vicente knew he couldn't get his timing wrong against this enemy and used everything he had to bring him down.
The man couldn't scream for more than a second as he felt something pierce his throat and several metal objects pinning his wrists and heels.
'Shit, who is that?' He wondered, but as Vicente acted, a metal plate covered the man's eyes before a bluish beam electrocuted him.
Vicente did not know if his opponent had died or just fainted. He simply walked down the corridor before him after seeing that falling body, quickly arriving in front of a large vault, very different from the one belonging to the Peters family he had broken into days before.
Knowing his time was passing, Vicente used his burglary skills to move the mechanisms of that door.
Even though it was a magical item, it only took him 24 seconds to solve the combination to unlock the door, and then he turned the handle.
Once inside the vault, Vicente quickly found many bags of coins, some magic cultivation resources on shelves, papers, and books, but also artifacts such as weapons and armor.
He took what he thought was most relevant to the enemy group, what would cause the most damage to the Defiant Tyranny, and put it all into large bags.
Of the items which would stay in there, Vice left nothing whole!
Apart from what he took for himself, he destroyed everything he was not interested in with his skills or spells, tearing up the contracts of this place.
But he had chosen some of those books to take with him, as they were things that might contain important information for him and his group.
When he was done, with only 30 seconds left to leave this place, Vicente didn't hesitate to make his way back.
On his way out of the area, he noticed that level 3 man's body and thought he could survive the last few attacks if nothing else was done.
Controlling the metals around his body, Vicente kidnapped such a person and made him float beside him as he made his way to the place he had used to enter this post.
Vicente could already hear the sounds of the people from this post going to the vault he had just broken into so he wouldn't leave a living witness behind!
This man was the only one who could testify against him and cause legal problems for Vicente. Besides him, the Defiant Tyranny would only have suspicions, not enough to move the Martial Court!
With that in mind, he left the place and quickly fled back to his headquarters, finding no trouble on his way, given the instability of that post in the face of the simultaneous attack.
While Vicente was moving, his men were doing the same in that part of the city, using the escape routes they had developed to flee safely.



Chapter 119 Robbery of the Year
As Vicente and his men fled, the Defiant Tyranny headquarters was buzzing with frightened messages from three of the group's four outposts and from men following some of the enemy tracks.
"Reinforcements! Send reinforcements! The Third Battalion is in tatters! Our armory has been destroyed. All our defenses are down!" A worried voice came over one of the communicators in a room in the building that housed the group's brothel.
But other communicators sounded at the same time.
"Senior Lane is badly injured! Send medics to the Second Battalion immediately! We're practically on our own here, damn it!"
"This is Fraser! Send more men to my group. We're chasing a dozen enemies, but there are only three of us!"
"This is the First Battalion. We've been stolen! I repeat, we have been stolen! Our post vault is open, and Senior Spencer is missing!!!"
"This is a trap! Send men to Fourth Battalion immediately. We could be the next!"
The Defiant Tyranny men in the command center of this group turned red with rage as they listened to these messages, hearing worried, frightened, gasping voices, some even hearing the sound of flames and gunfire.
Everything seemed to be going well for this group earlier, but suddenly, they were being attacked from all sides!
"Fuck it! Who is acting against us? Scarlet Syndicate?" A level 4 Acolyte who heard these announcements shouted while turning red like a tomato.
Everyone broke into a cold sweat, not knowing what to do or where to send their men.
Several of their men were already moving to the two posts under attack. But less than 2 minutes after the first call for help, all four posts were now sending out distress signals!
They did not know what to do in this situation nor how to respond to the enemy who had provoked them that night!
In such a situation, this man had only one alternative...
"Call the leaders. We need them to intervene immediately!"
With this order, someone in the communication room pressed a button-like device, and an alarm sounded throughout their headquarters.
...
As Defiant Tyranny began to reveal its most important cards, the other groups that dominated Millfall were already aware of the attacks against this local criminal organization.
They were all shocked that someone would dare to act against this group, for who else but them would have the power to act against Defiant Tyranny?
Surely, weak people or groups could revolt and cause trouble for the strong powers. But who in this situation would have the courage to challenge a powerful tyrant who would surely seek revenge? Much of the reality of this society stemmed from the masses' fear of magicians or powerful groups.
Most people valued their lives and would not risk the significant dangers of not only losing their lives but even being enslaved.
Amid these attacks that night, even the Viscount's group was closely monitoring the local situation, trying to understand the cause of it all.
The Scarlet Syndicate, in particular, was already raising their defenses at their posts, aware of the risk they were taking at the moment with a possible Defiant Tyranny attack against them or even another local power taking advantage of the chaos to start something bigger.
As the largest local criminal group, they would definitely be considered suspicious!
...
At the headquarters of the Scarlet Syndicate...
The leader of this group, a level 5 Acolyte, was almost as angry as the leader of Defiant Tyranny.
As wonderful as it was to see their enemies in despair, what this group wanted most right now was peace to absorb some of their recent accomplishments.
Escalating local tensions was not in this group's plans, and when they discovered the moves of their greatest rival to try to stabilize themselves on this night of attacks, the core of this other party was terrified.
"Who could be behind this?"
"I don't know. Anyone. Even the Viscount could be behind this attack."
"Impossible! The Viscount is a Mage and controls Millfall. Even we pay him. If he were to act against Defiant Tyranny, he would cause trouble and loss for himself!" One of the level 4 men there said, sensing this was not the case.
The Viscount was the leading noble of Millfall. His position not only gave him rights to bigger and better lands, but it also allowed him to have more men at his disposal without breaking the royal rule of not raising armies.
He was one of the strongest in the city and had one of the largest groups of high-ranking Acolytes.
But he could not use all of his power to gain wealth. As a noble, he could not collect taxes from the citizens of such cities. Only royalty had that right.
 But taxes were, if not the best, one of the best ways to make coins in this world!
If he could not collect royal taxes, he could collect taxes from criminal groups that maintained a certain level of local insecurity to force merchants and residents to pay security fees to these groups.
The Viscount earned a lot of coins by being an 'associate,' or rather, a conniver, of these two groups, so it really didn't make sense for him to go against one of them.
"Maybe this is a thing of the new group." One of the younger ones in that group of Scarlet Syndicate leaders said something ridiculous, but which no one there could deny.
The leader of this group made an ugly face and said. "Send someone to those people right away. I want to know if it was them!"
...
At the royal army post in Millfall...
The Commander of this post looked out of his window and saw places in his city engulfed in flames.
Having just heard what had happened to the group he had recently done his last favor for, he stood with his eyes closed while his man waited for his position.
"Commander, what do we do? Defiant Tyranny has been attacked, and many groups are afraid of a widespread confrontation spreading throughout the city." A level 5 Acolyte, the Commander's most trusted man, asked worriedly.
The Mage then ordered. "Put our men on the streets. Call everyone back from their rest. I want them to investigate this incident and make their presence felt in the city's most important places. We cannot leave the population vulnerable at this time!"
"Should we help the Defiant Tyranny?" This man asked.
"Stay neutral for now."
...
While Millfall was alerted of Defiant Tyranny's movements, Vicente finally arrived at his estate.
Not only had he managed to throw off any possible opponents by following his tracks, but several others of his group, like Rory and the Acolytes, had done the same, arriving there almost simultaneously.
"So?" Rory asked, breaking into a cold sweat.
He was still full of adrenaline, and his heart was pounding in his chest, making him feel nervous. But since they had already done everything they had planned, all that remained was for him to know the results.
When Vicente heard this and finished killing the man he had kidnapped, he turned to see Rory and his men arriving at the main hall of their headquarters.
After making sure the level 3 Acolyte was dead, he said with a smile. "I think we have pulled off the heist of the year! My friends, I have collected the equivalent of over 100 gold coins in coins alone!"
Hearing this, the men, sweating coldly, their black clothes soiled with dirt and burnt here and there, laughed with satisfaction. It was always very gratifying to hear the results of a successful robbery!
Yes, successful. They didn't know what would happen in the next few hours, but for now, they had attacked, robbed, and escaped from their enemies and had the stolen resources in hand!
Rory sighed and asked. "What about that person? What exactly happened?"
Vicente looked at the body and said. "He saw me, so I had to kidnap him. Luckily, I was able to surprise him with the maximum potential of one of my new weapons."
This man was very vulnerable after being severely wounded by the bullet and the dagger that pierced his throat.
A magician was not an all-powerful being. They had a lot of power, depending on their level, but it depended greatly on how they used their mana in their skills, spells, and bodies.
If you did not use your mana for anything, your body would naturally become vulnerable!
Of course, this was proportional to the level of the magician. Even so, that level 3 Acolyte had been severely injured earlier. When Vicente arrived at this place, he had only struggled a little to pierce that man's heart with a sword.
With this death and his group having escaped their pursuers, no one could bring them to the Martial Court for a theft that could not be linked to them!
But that was not the end of their troubles!
Vicente knew this, and seeing his group less tense from their success, he distributed some of the items he had collected.
Among these items were 3 magic stones, essential support items for magicians!



Chapter 120 Magic Stones
Magic stones... What were they, and what were they good for?
Magic Stones had several different uses for magicians. The first and simplest of them was a mana reserve accessible to any type of mage.
In normal situations, one's mana was limited to one's level. No matter how dense one's magical powers were, sooner or later, they could be used up to the point where the magician would reach a state of magical depletion. When this happened, the magician would temporarily lose the ability to use their mana for spells and abilities in order to keep the body alive. In this situation, one would be forced to use some sort of regeneration potion or meditate to recover.
However, a blacksmith crafting a weapon, an alchemist preparing pills, or a warrior fighting could use mana from alternate items to compensate for the energy expended during their action.
Magic stones could be used as "batteries" for such moments, and since their mana was neutral regarding elements, any type of magician could use them as a backup.
Depending on the level of the magic stone, one could even fight for days or use their magic production skills with the support of one of these special resources.
But magic stones could be used in many ways!
If you were willing to lose your magic stone forever, you could use its mana to bless your cultivation and increase the speed of your progress.
If one used the magic stone as a "battery," one would not endanger the magic stone by spending the mana from it. These were items that naturally absorbed free mana in nature. When a magician used up their mana, the owner only needed to keep it for a while until it was restored.
However, by using magic stones in cultivation, one would destroy the essence of these precious items and lose them forever in exchange for progress.
Vicente knew how valuable these stones were and did not want to destroy them all in pursuing advancement. He said. "We will keep one of them for the future of the group. We will use it as a mana supply for our men in times of need. The other two I want to use to increase our strength."
Rory agreed they needed items that would increase their men's strength more than 'batteries.' Keeping the 'batteries' would certainly be wiser if they were strong enough to defend themselves. But that was not the case.
Meanwhile, Vicente quickly distributed the 1st and 2nd-grade resources he now had among his men.
He gave his Acolytes two 2nd-grade armors, and each of those 2nd-stage men a 2nd-grade weapon. As for his 1st-stage magicians, Vicente couldn't help them much with artifacts. Most of the artifacts in the place he had raided were 1st-grade ones, but they were not in this vault but in another room in that post.
However, he got enough pills and potions for 10 of his 1st-stage men and one of his Acolytes.
"Absorb the essence of these resources," Vicente ordered the group of Intermediate and Senior Apprentices.
He looked at the two Acolytes who had received nothing and said. "Stand by to take care of any problems. Only interrupt our meditation if Defiant Tyranny shows up here with level 3 Acolytes."
"Yes, boss!"
As they prepared themselves to absorb the mana from the magic stones, Vicente said next to Rory. "Keep our coins and these other items I collected in our vault. They will be important to us when we get through this night."
...
Soon Vicente was sitting in a lotus position in his training area, where not only he but also Rory, 9 other Apprentices, and an Acolyte were at different places.
Each of them had their eyes closed while they meditated, but Rory and Vicente were the ones who had the most impressive effects on their surroundings.
As they meditated, crystals that looked like gems floated above their legs, at the level of their chests.
In front of Rory, a greenish crystal glowed brightly as the mana leaked out of its ends and headed toward the redheaded young man's navel.
The same happened to Vicente while the bluish crystal in front of him glowed.
Magic stones were not all the same. There were stones with different colors. Their color did not determine the richness of mana in their structure but rather the place where they were formed.
In any case, these items did not look like ordinary rocks or stones but like crystals.
Historically, however, they had become known as stones, as magic stones were nothing more than the crystal found within some types of stones in Polaris Realm.
The name had stuck since the time when magicians didn't even understand what these items were for, and now Vicente was absorbing the powers of one of these unique items from this world.
He felt the difference between improving the mana density in his body with pills or potions and doing it with magic stones.
Magic Stones were truly fantastic! The mana in them was even purer than the free mana in the atmosphere!
At the same time, it was mana that was neutral to the elements, unlike the free mana found in nature, which generally required a lot of care to absorb.
This mana easily entered his body and was integrated into his essence without difficulty, leaving no negative residue behind.
'Magic stones are amazing!' Vice thought as he felt a good sensation throughout his body and noticed that his mana was quickly approaching the peak of his level.
If he had 70% progress within the Intermediate Apprentice level, he now had reached 85% in just a few minutes with such a magic stone!
 'Too bad they are so rare and hard to find.' Vicente lamented.
Considering how magnificent these stones were, it was only natural that they were rare and valuable.
It was tough for 1st-stage people like them to obtain one; only nobles and the wealthiest people in the province could regularly access such a resource.
But like any other magical resource, how much one used it depended on one's aptitude, not just how good the resource was.
As Vice absorbed the mana from the crystal before him, the item quickly darkened while the yellow glow on the young man's forehead grew more intense.
Unlike Rory, Vicente had already absorbed half of what his magic stone had to offer in just a few minutes!
In the midst of this, there was a noise in the mansion that frightened several of Vicente's men.



Chapter 121 Senior Apprentice
Pa! Pa!
The front door of Vicente's estate was knocked on twice before a voice came from outside.
"Open the door! We're here to see your leaders!" A man shouted, startling the several men who had taken up positions around the estate.
Even as they watched the street in front of them, some were surprised to see the three men dressed in red and black armor.
Level 3 Acolytes like such people moved very fast!
As they rushed to this place, they surprised the several Intermediate and Senior Apprentices who were watching the surroundings.
Looking at the exit of their building, one of the level 1 Aacolytes who had not been surprised by these newcomers, ran to the main door, knowing that they were not enemies.
These men had been watching them on behalf of the Scarlet Syndicate. They were there to protect them in case high-ranking Defiant Tyranny people attacked them.
Vicente and his strongest men had already noticed these people staying in buildings near theirs. By noticing the disturbance their mana caused, Vice's Acolytes already knew where these three came from.
Opening the door, the first level 1 Acolyte asked. "Misters, what is it? Did something happen to force you to come here like this?"
"Something indeed happened! Everything has happened! Where's your damned leader? We need to talk!" One of the three men shouted, in a hurry to solve the problem that had just come to them by order of their leader.
"What happened?" The other level 1 Acolyte arrived at the entrance of this post with a strange expression on his face. "Our leaders are busy. They left us in charge of this place."
"What?" One of the level 3 men shouted. "Don't tell me that bullshit! This is urgent. Call your bosses, or we'll do it ourselves!"
The people in the entrance hall of this mansion soon became tense, their hands tightening around the weapons at their waists.
Twelve of their members were meditating at that moment, striving for breakthroughs. If they happened to get in their way, they could lose the effects of the resources their men had already absorbed or even risk their lives!
But one of the three asked. "You attacked Defiant Tyranny? Are you the ones responsible for the chaos in the city? Are you aware that the royal army is on the streets, and everyone is at risk?"
Hearing that, the men there, still unaware of what had happened in Millfall after their action, were not surprised by the Scarlet Syndicate's reaction.
The royal army could impose a curfew when problematic situations arose. During this period, which could last up to 2 days, the army could make arrests without following the usual protocol.
In other words, this was a time when those who had problems with army members could suffer greatly!
Raids, arrests, beatings, you name it. Soldiers could basically do whatever they wanted during curfew, and they wouldn't be punished as long as they didn't kill anyone.
Amidst all this, the operations of groups like the Scarlet Syndicate could be disrupted.
"This is happening? Shocking!" One of the two level 1 Acolytes said.
But he was not as good an actor as Vicente or Rory. The three men realized that this and other people there had strange things on their minds.
"You..." The leader of the three became more serious as he thought about the possibility that they had brought this trouble upon everyone.
As the other two facial expressions became even more serious and the mana around them became even more chaotic, a dozen men in the entrance hall drew their weapons.
"Misters, let's act more calmly. We are allies. There is no need to exalt ourselves." One of the two level 1 Acolytes commented, sweat dripping from his brow.
One of the three men could no longer stand the audacity of these people and jumped at the two Acolytes from Vice's group.
"You bastards! You did it!"
Meanwhile, one of the other two ran toward where he thought there were several people in the basement of this building.
Bang!
The first of a rain of shots came from the guns aimed at these three, charging mana into themselves as they moved quickly against their targets.
Just as they were about to hit their targets and bounce off in troublesome directions, all the bullets around this entrance hall suddenly stopped in midair.
At the same time, the Scarlet Syndicate men stopped moving as they felt something stop them.
One of them felt his feet sink into the floor, while the other felt handcuffs appear on his feet and pull him down.
The third frowned at the sudden change as he prepared to act in defense of his teammates.
 At that moment, a mana-distorted voice came from behind that person. "Scarlet Syndicate, what are you doing in my headquarters?"
"Boss!" Vicente's men looked at him, seeing the metallic mask on his face and various sharp artifacts floating around him.
As he walked, bluish sparks shot from Vicente's body, connecting various parts of the armor on his body to his mask and the weapons floating in the air.
The level 3 Acolyte looked at Vicente and felt a shiver run down his spine, not understanding why he felt that way about this person.
But he and his companions could clearly sense Vicente's magic level from the density of his mana while noticing that the red pentagram in front of one of his hands was more prominent than before.
'This guy has advanced to the level of Senior Apprentice!' The third of those men, the group leader, looked at Vicente in silence.
One of these two men tried to take his feet from the floor and failed, while the other hit the ground face first after being thrown off balance by his jump.
"Aaagh!"
"Damn it! Let me go!" The man with the dirt-covered foot shouted.
Their leader then said to Vicente. "It seems that young Cesar has just advanced... Congratulations on becoming a Senior Apprentice. But did you do it by stealing the Defiant Tyranny posts?
Young Cesar, I have nothing against you. But this will cause problems for all of us. What will you do to repair all the damage caused by your actions? The faction leader is furious."
"Action against Defiant Tyranny? I have nothing to do with that. How could I attack such a strong group? I'm afraid they'll attack me for the previous confrontation on my property. That's why I was in seclusion." Vicente lied through his teeth.



Chapter 122 New Deal
Hearing Vicente's words, the level 3 man who looked at this guy's mask could not tell whether it was a lie.
In particular, he thought that the behavior of the men around him and Vicente's sudden advances were suspicious. But he could not detect any hint of lies in the words of the leader of this group.
"Are you serious? I'm afraid my leaders won't believe you, Cesar! How do you explain that some of your members are meditating in search of breakthroughs?" This man asked, feeling the mana disturbance coming from this estate's lower level. "We know that your group can't afford to have so many resources to ensure so many breakthroughs simultaneously!"
"Is that so?" Vicente asked in a humorous tone. "You underestimate me. Just because I do business with you doesn't mean I don't have other side activities. What kind of idiot has only one source of income?"
"Oh? Do you have other businesses besides this one?" The Scarlet Syndicate emissary believed Vicente.
Everyone had their own past. Before starting this venture, Vicente probably had his businesses and methods of paying his bills. Otherwise, he would never have been able to form this group and start his activities.
"Of course," Vicente said. "But those businesses have no bearing on my agreement with the Scarlet Syndicate, so I won't talk about them. The point is, we have nothing to do with Defiant Tyranny's problem, although we are happy about what happened."
As he said that, Vicente released the two men he had restrained with his ability or one of his spells.
"But it was good of you to come." He said, taking charge of the situation as he walked through the entrance hall, his men looking carefully at the three of them.
Meanwhile, the two men got up from where they had fallen or gotten stuck and looked at Vice as he spoke.
"Defiant Tyranny will surely blame us for what happened, even though they have no evidence against my people. So, I want you to help me clear this up. If you don't protect my group, we will lose our operation under the attacks of those bastards."
"Huh? You want our help?" The man who had his foot pressed early asked, not liking 'Cesar's' behavior.
Cesar' was acting like he was their boss!
They had come to this place to teach 'Cesar' a lesson, but now this guy was acting like they were there to support him...
"We can make a new deal if you want..." Vicente's eyes glittered under his mask. "Protect me for the next two weeks. If I can't solve my problems by then, we'll do whatever you want. From handing over 100% of our operation to even the design of the weapons you see in my men's hands." He proposed, knowing that this would be tempting even for these people.
Immediately upon hearing this, everyone there became more serious, especially those three men. They felt how powerful those weapons were in the hands of mere Apprentices!
'If something like this can withstand the power of the Acolytes...' The group leader pondered silently, thinking that this might be what his group needed to grow beyond the vicinity of Millfall.
With something like this, his group could become one of the biggest underworld organizations in Scott Province in a few years!
Unlike Vicente, they had the resources to produce hundreds of such weapons using 2nd-stage blacksmiths!
Even the two most hostile and least intelligent men saw what they could bring to their criminal faction if they agreed to make this new deal with Vicente.
After a meaningful look at each other, they agreed and their leader said. "Very well. If you are willing to sign a Magical Agreement with us, we will assure the faction leader that you have nothing to do with what happened tonight, and we will protect you for two weeks. After that, you must report your projects and operations to us."
The man's words implied that Vicente's group would surely fail, and in two weeks, they would have to deliver everything he had promised.
Vicente said. "Yes, if my group cannot care for itself after these days, I will do that."
The tempers of the people there eased as these two agreed, and soon they signed the agreement.
"What do we do now?" The leader of these three men looked at Vicente, feeling very good after making this great deal.
Vicente said. "First, go back to guarding the area around this place. Call for reinforcements from your group if necessary. I will stay here with my men for the time being. I think the next 24 hours will be the most complicated."
The three agreed, this time feeling much better about taking orders from Vice, who had made a terrible deal with them.
In two weeks, it would be impossible for this small group to increase their strength enough to face Defiant Tyranny alone!
But Vice had something else in mind as he watched these men leave his estate.
One of the Acolytes from his group approached him and asked in a low voice. "Boss, congratulations on your progress. But can we do what you promised these people?"
Vicente did not answer this question with words. He used his ability from his first pentagram and took the weapon of this level 1 Acolyte.
Under the eyes of half a dozen of his men, Vice quickly melted the metals of this weapon and slowly reshaped it in a slightly different way.
After 3 minutes of this, and with the people there watching him in silence, Vicente finished remodeling the weapon.
Taking off his mask, seeing that his group had returned to normal after the departure of those people, Vicente smiled at his men and said. "With my advancement, my forging skills have greatly improved. I present you with version 2.0 of this pistol. With it, you will be able to use 100% of the power of an Intermediate Apprentice without damaging it!"
Everyone standing around Vice opened their mouths when they heard this. If this were true, they would reach the beginning of the 2nd stage regarding their fighting proficiency!
 Seeing that his men were extremely impressed, Vicente did not hesitate to demonstrate the power of that weapon by firing it at one of the side pillars of the hall.
Bang!
The cannon of the weapon shook, and a bullet came out of it without damaging its structure. At the same time, it had much more mana in it than Vicente's men knew their non-upgraded weapons could hold when firing bullets.
Everyone there swallowed their saliva, especially the two level 1 Acolytes, because they felt that even if they used all of themselves, they would not be able to defend themselves against that bullet!



Chapter 123 Intervention
Seeing the damage his shot had done to the pillar he had fired at, Vicente was pleased with the new version of his pistol.
It was even more powerful than the "temporary version" he had used earlier against the level 3 Acolyte that had exploded in his hands.
According to Vicente's calculations, a distracted level 3 Acolyte would be seriously injured if hit by a bullet like the one he had just fired. In contrast, a distracted level 2 person would surely die.
His men also realized this and became excited at the thought of having more power in their hands to defend themselves and act on behalf of the group.
"Incredible!"
"The boss is truly unparalleled! With these weapons, we'll make those bastards who are harassing us regret what they've done!"
Some of the Senior Apprentices near Vicente commented at the same time.
Meanwhile, one of the Acolytes got his weapon back, eager for Vicente to make new breakthroughs and for people of his level to be able to put all their strength into shooting.
If that happened, even people with little talent like him could become relevant!
The other Acolyte asked. "Boss, when will we be able to have weapons that can withstand the power of someone at my level?"
Vicente looked at the man and said. "I am not sure. I guess when I become an Acolyte, not before. But for weapons that can withstand the maximum power of Senior Apprentices, that will happen soon. I just need to improve my knowledge of forging a bit, and I'll be able to do that."
It was straightforward for Vicente to estimate his 1st-grade weapon production ability. As a 1st-stage blacksmith, what he lacked to produce items with 100% efficiency was understanding and mana.
Once he became a stronger Senior Apprentice, finished studying the material Benson had given him the night before, and practiced with the hammer, he was confident that he could produce better weapons.
The men in the area were happy to hear this, as several of them were Senior Apprentices and naturally wanted to be able to use these weapons to their full potential.
"Great!"
"That's why the boss made this deal. He actually didn't go crazy as I thought..."
Those who had not yet understood the reason behind Vicente's deal with those men understood where their leader's confidence came from.
If they could use peak 1st-grade weapons, even if they could not destroy Defiant Tyranny, they would be able to protect themselves!
However, it was not only the quality of their group's weapons that were improving. The group was getting stronger with the resources they got from their operations and robberies.
Vicente saw his men growing in confidence and gave his orders.
"Tell all our men to bring their weapons to me. I will upgrade 3 of them per hour for the next few hours. Organize among yourselves to get your weapons upgraded.
Oh, bring your ammunition as well. It will be good to upgrade them as well."
...
One hour later...
While Vicente's group was vigilantly following their leader's orders, several Defiant Tyranny experts appeared near his building.
However, as they ran with fury in their eyes, the level 3 and 4 Acolytes of this group suddenly ran into some of their old rivals.
"Stop right there! This is your limit, members of the Defiant Tyranny!" A level 3 Acolyte shouted as he appeared from the shadow of a chimney above a rooftop.
Another 4 men appeared in various buildings along the street, causing the group of Defiant Tyranny heading for Vicente to pause and reconsider their actions.
"Damned reds, what are you doing? Do you know what your protg has done to us?" The level 4 man leading the group shouted angrily, questioning these people.
"Cesar and his group have nothing to do with what happened. We have already established that." One of the men sent to this place to protect Vicente's group shouted.
After the leader of his group found out about the deal the three men from early had made with Vicente, he immediately put aside his concerns about the guilt of such a young man and decided to protect him. If his group could get their hands on Vice's weapons, temporarily standing by him would be worth it.
Even though the initial agreement between Vicente and the Scarlet Syndicate said they would protect him, that didn't mean they would do so in every situation!
If Vicente's group lost its operation or were caught by royal forces for crimes such as theft and murder, the group would not defend them.
The agreement served to fend off the actions of opponents who tried to operate from the shadows. But those who acted through official forces were not the responsibility of this group to stop them from getting to Vicente!
Revenge was a natural right that even the royal family of the Seidel Kingdom approved of, so Defiant Tyranny would have the right to act against Vicente's group tonight if they had any evidence.
 But with the new deal Vicente proposed, even if he were guilty, the group would help him during these two weeks!
"If you insist on threatening our innocent partner, we will fight." Another man from the Scarlet Syndicate said, moving his mana as his Yellow Magic Gem glowed.
"If you want to blame our partners, get proof of their guilt. In the meantime, no one but the royal army will approach the headquarters of Cesar's group!" Another man from that faction said, trying to get those people away.
"Wretches!"
"Do you know what will happen if you follow this path?"
"Perhaps they are the real names behind what happened at our posts tonight!"
These men remarked, not at all pleased to be stopped by such rivals.
But they couldn't just start a fight there. If they did, they might start an unauthorized war between their factions, making things worse for their groups.
Defiant Tyranny wanted revenge, but they didn't really know who had attacked them. Uncertain, these emissaries decided it would be best to retreat for the time being.
"This doesn't end here!"
...
After the intervention of the Scarlet Syndicate faction men, three more hours would pass before Rory would finish his breakthrough attempt. This time, he made a breakthrough on the same night as Vicente.
But as he left the headquarters training room to rejoin his group, before even learning of Vicente's weapons upgrade, Rory was moving along with his people when he heard a knock at the building's front door.
"Open the door! We're from the Royal Army!" A voice shouted from outside.



Chapter 124 How
Hearing a voice he already knew, Vicente remembered the blond man who had come to talk to Nova at the local mercenary guild a few days ago.
He ordered his men to put masks on their faces and went to the entrance of his building, opening the door to the group of royal army soldiers knocking at his door.
Rory immediately looked at Vicente when he saw a blue beauty standing outside the building along with 5 other members of the royal army who were there for business with his group.
Vicente looked at Nova and smiled. "Captain Bain, it's good to see you again." He said, ignoring the other 5 soldiers, especially the blond level 4 man, the same as Nova's and the rest of the personnel there.
Most of them were men. Seeing this criminal talking to Nova like she was his friend made them feel irritated.
In their eyes, 'Cesar' was a criminal. How could someone dirty from the underworld speak to the beautiful and fair Nova?
Even the other woman in the group narrowed her eyes and looked at Vicente.
Nova already knew how this guy was and said. "Cut the small talk, Cesar. We are here on serious business. Did you attack a Defiant Tyranny building tonight?"
Defiant Tyranny was officially a mercenary group that provided support services to local businesses. Outside the underworld, it was an organization that 'played by the rules,' paid 'taxes,' and, as such, had its rights.
If they did things in the underworld that they shouldn't, few would talk about it, as there was no official record of the group in the Martial Court or the royal army.
Even if everyone there knew the kind of things Defiant Tyranny did, they were there to act on behalf of one of the local organizations that criminals had just attacked.
Vicente saw how corrupt this royal family organization could be, but he said nothing. The corruption of the leaders of these people could also be useful to his interests!
He replied to the beautiful Nova. "No. I spent the night with my men working on our projects. I meditated for most of the night, as evidenced by my cultivation. I just advanced and became a Senior Apprentice." He said in a good-natured tone, annoying those who felt he was to blame for what had happened that night.
"Can you prove it?" Nova asked.
"I have all my men as witnesses that I spent the night doing this." He pointed to his building with one of his arms.
Rory explained. "I personally trained with Cesar tonight."
"Tsk! I don't believe it!" The blond man in royal army armor exclaimed.
The other woman in the group added. "Your people don't count as witnesses, Cesar. They're obviously protecting you in case you did something you shouldn't have."
Vicente was silent as Rory said. "We don't have to prove our innocence, Captain. It's the people of Defiant Tyranny who have to prove us guilty. But they have no proof of that, do they?"
"If that's all you have to say, good night," Vicente said to these people.
As strong as the royal forces were, greater laws still prevented them from acting tyrannically. Even in the current situation, where they could act and justify themselves later, Vicente wasn't afraid of them.
After a few conversations with Nova, he realized she seemed honest, even though she worked among the corrupt. He honestly didn't think that these people would attack him without evidence.
However, he thought that this did not mean that Vicente was unprepared!
If they acted, they would be in trouble, as almost half of the men on this estate had their upgraded weapons pointed at Nova's group!
The blond man saw Vicente move to close the door and put his foot down halfway. "Not so fast, Cesar. Why are you in such a hurry? Are you hiding something from us?"
"Not at all," Vice replied, annoyed by this man. "Do you have anything else to say? I know you don't have evidence against my people."
"Let us in." The blond man said with a smile on his face. "If you have nothing to hide, let us search your property."
Defiant Tyranny had already announced that one of its men was missing. As a result, several groups of the royal army were already knocking on the doors of local forces that might have acted against this criminal faction, searching for traces of the body.
If they found it, they would have the proof they needed to act!
The commander had ordered his men to be neutral and not favor any side, just follow the real rules that night. But this blond man felt that 'Cesar' was lying and was to blame for all the chaos tonight.
Vicente looked at the blond man while Rory watched him in anticipation.
"Some of my men are meditating. Could you give us a few hours? I don't want to risk my people's lives. I can stay by your side while they finish. Being near Nova is always nice." He said in a hateful tone to the men over there.
"You bastards!"
"We will not do what you say! Captain, let's go to the building!"
Some of them encouraged the blond man, the leader of this group.
 "Tsk! Being watched has never stopped anyone from meditating!" The leader of those soldiers said. "Open the way now, or we will act!"
Vicente opened the way and allowed these people to enter his property.
He had already disposed of the body of the man he had kidnapped. But he did not want to let these people into his property because of the things he had stolen from his enemies. There were things there that could give away what he had done hours ago!
'Are we going to be okay, Vice?' Rory felt his back sweat at the thought of those items in the vault of this property.
But Vicente scared Rory even more with his following words.
"You want to see my vault?"
Gulp!
'What are you doing, Vicente?' Rory's eyes went wide.
Nova saw that her leader was trying to cause unnecessary trouble and stepped forward. "Yes. I'd like to check your safe. Rest assured, Cesar, we will keep the secret of your possessions if there is nothing compromising in your vault.
He then led the way, leading them through this property directly to where the vault was.
Halfway there was the training room in the basement of the building, where one of the men from the group of soldiers promptly went to search the area for bodies.
Rory went with this person to this room. At the same time, Vicente followed alongside the other 5 royal soldiers to the vault, a place completely surrounded by metal, specially built for Vice.
This vault had a door similar to bank vaults on Earth, a bit different from what you would find in the Polaris Realm.
But these people didn't pay much attention to that, and soon they were looking at Vicente, waiting for him to open the door.
"What are you doing? Why don't you open it?" The second woman in the group asked.
"This vault is special. It can only be opened if I use my ability..." Vicente explained. "Do you have a problem with me doing that?"
"Open it!" The blond shouted.
Hearing this, Vicente laughed under his mask and didn't hesitate to show his bright red pentagram and move the metals behind the door.
A minute and a half later, a loud click sounded, and the door moved.
"Please..." He motioned for Nava to go ahead and see what was inside.
When she opened the door and saw the approximately 10 square meter interior of this vault, Nova soon noticed over 80 gold coins of value in there, but nothing out of the ordinary.
"You got a lot of coins in here, huh, Cesar?" One of the men commented, feeling suspicious but seeing nothing that would give away Vicente's connection to the night's robbery.
"There are a lot of bandits around here that your group can't catch. I got a good chunk of those coins from them." Vicente replied, taking the opportunity to tease these people.
"You can't be serious." The leader of these soldiers said with an ugly expression on his face. "Where did you get the rest of these coins?"
"I had a life before I started my business in Millfall. Jeez, it seems I can't even have an inheritance." Vicente said in disgust.
At that moment, Rory came in with the other soldier, surprised to see this place practically empty of the items Vice had stolen that night.
'Where are the books and artifacts?'
For the next forty minutes, the group of soldiers would search Vicente's entire building. Unfortunately for those who wanted to see the fall of 'Cesar,' they would find nothing there.
Forty minutes after arriving at that place, those six soldiers left Vicente's property with nothing, thinking that he really had no connection to what had happened that night.
But Rory was curious when he saw these people leaving and asked.
"How? Even our men's weapons and armor are gone. What did you do with them?"



Chapter 125 A New Day
Upon hearing Rory's question, Vincent smiled.
It was natural for his friend to ask him how he had managed to disappear so many items that could be linked to the night's theft.
They had no secondary dimensions storage, so there was only one way to hide their belongings around this property.
But how had Vicente done it without the soldiers noticing?
"The moment I led their group to the vault, I not only manipulated the mechanisms of that door. I did it with all the contents of the vault, including the armor and weapons of our men in this building."
"What?" Rory exclaimed in surprise, amazed to hear that his friend had done such a thing.
At first glance, it might seem easy. However, Vice had manipulated metal not only near him but all over the building while standing in front of the soldiers.
He had done it so quickly that none of the six level 4 Acolytes soldiers had noticed, and only a few of his men had noticed what had happened.
But instead of transforming these metallic and non-metallic items, Vicente had simply moved them to other areas of his property, behind the walls of some of the rooms.
Vicente had several metal structures on this property that could be used to store items out of the reach of ordinary magicians.
There was even a way to notice these items if they had a special ability, but since most of them were low-level and didn't emit strong fluctuations, Vicente's movement was enough for him to hide all these materials.
Vicente went ahead of Rory and led him back to the vault of this estate.
Upon arriving there, he immediately repeated what he had done earlier and opened the metal walls of that place, revealing books, jewelry, coins, and other valuable items that had been stolen from their enemies' property.
As he closed the metal walls of this place again, Vice declared. "I did it here and managed to manipulate the weapons and armor with our men to the walls or even the ceiling of our property... But it was close, man. I almost failed."
Fortunately, he had been promoted to Senior Apprentice level. If that hadn't happened, Vice's control over his first Magic Pentagram wouldn't be enough to make those moves without drawing the attention of his enemies!
Hearing this, Rory sighed, relieved but also impressed by how far Vicente had come.
"That was pretty impressive. You bought us more time against the royal army." The redhead commented as he looked at the items in the vault.
Vicente laughed but soon changed the subject. "Anyway, congratulations on advancing to the next level. At this rate, we'll reach the 2nd stage in a few weeks."
"Hmm, it will be good if more of our men achieve the same. That way, we can hunt Magic Pentagrams together and strengthen the whole group at once."
Hearing this, Vicente looked towards the training room where the 10 men, 9 apprentices, and 1 Acolyte were meditating.
As people of lesser talent than the two leaders, it was only natural that these people would take longer to seize opportunities.
"Let's see what happens in the next few hours. The result of our men will help us not only to increase our current forces but also to gain new members for the family.
...
Hours later, as night gave way to day, the leaders of Millfall's largest coalitions were already aware of the night's events.
Defiant Tyranny had been attacked and lost valuables relevant to the group and some of its men, not only to Vicente's actions but to those of his men who had destroyed buildings of the said group.
As much as this group tried to go after Vicente and use him as a scapegoat, they failed because they had no evidence to use the royal army against the young man, but also because of the Scarlet Syndicate.
To the other local powers, the Scarlet Syndicate seemed very committed to supporting Vicente. At the same time, the Defiant Tyranny could not do much. Weakened, with no evidence to support the use of official forces, and with their major enemies united, this group could only temporarily back off their actions against Vice.
Royal forces were still in the city, and several incidents involving small groups of soldiers and locals had been reported that evening.
But none of them involved Vicente and his group, and for the time being, they were fine, even if they had drawn more attention to their operations.
However, those most interested in him were the Scarlet Syndicate and Defiant Tyranny.
The other local powers doubted that Vicente had acted against Defiant Tyranny and was only interested in his group connection with Scarlet Syndicate!
...
At the estate of Viscount Symons...
In Millfall's largest and most luxurious residence, the Viscount was up early in the morning, listening to updates on the night's events.
Beside him was his most trusted subordinate, but also his eldest son, along with the informants who had just finished reporting the latest updates.
 "It seems that this group of Cesar's has a lot of potentials, no?" The Viscount's chief subordinate said, feeling that the Scarlet Syndicate's actions were a bit too much for a group with a territory smaller than a city block.
"They probably know things we don't, father," Marcus said to his father.
Viscount Symons, an elderly-looking man with blonde hair mixed with white, heard this and advised his eldest son. "Marcus, I want you to keep an eye on this little group while I'm out of town."
The Viscount was preparing to leave for the province capital, where a meeting of the provincial nobles would be held at Duke Scott's estate in a few days.
His son and his right-hand man would stay in the city, so he could not help but guide his heir. "Things can change a lot in a matter of days or weeks. Perhaps this situation will develop to the point where we have to move, but I am still absent.
So don't hesitate to act if necessary. Our family will not become a noble house with a Count if we do not pay attention to what is happening in our city."
"I will do my best, father." Marcus said as he made a respectful gesture, thanking his father for the guidance.
Watching his son leave, the Viscount said to his right-hand man after he was alone with this man. "Advise Marcus. He is talented and knows what he is doing. But he is only a young man who can make mistakes if he gets carried away with his emotions."
"I will do my best, Your Grace."
...
Meanwhile, at the brothel in the center of town...
"Wretches!" The leader of the Defiant Tyranny faction shouted in frustration after a night of nothing but losses for his people.
"The damned are united against us! Boss, we must do something! We must use the army to our advantage, or we will soon be in trouble."
"Yes, the damned Scarlet Syndicate is getting bolder. We need to take them down. I bet they have something to do with what happened to us the night before."
The men comment to the group leader, full of rage and wanting to act on every possible front.
"Boss, let's use the card we have up our sleeve. If we don't move the army in our favor, we won't be able to do anything." One of the strongest people there commented, looking at their leader.
"Are you out of your mind? If we use this, our relationship with the army will be ruined. When the Commander leaves his local position, we will have an enemy in the province capital." Another said, knowing that the card up his sleeve was to use the evidence they had against some corrupt local soldiers.
Threatening influential people had its risks, and some there did not want to take those risks!
"Before we do that, offer the Commander a new deal. Maybe he still needs something. But even if he doesn't, something can always go wrong with his family... Accidents happen." The leader said, thinking of the only way he could consider without putting his group totally in danger of retaliation from the Commander of the local royal army post.
"In the meantime, I want our men to block any action from that damned Cesar. Put a price on his head! I will pay 200 gold coins to whoever brings me his head!"
There were assassins in this society who sought rewards like this. Two hundred gold coins were not a small amount, even for level 5 Acolytes, so this was not a reward that would be looked down upon!
The men present saw their leader's determination and did not disagree, feeling that eliminating this nuisance was worth the price.
...
As the leadership of the Defiant Tyranny plotted against Vice, he stood on his property, facing the 10 men who had succeeded in their meditation the night before.
After absorbing the essence of the resources stolen from the Defiant Tyranny, new Acolytes and Senior Apprentices emerged in 'Cesar's group!'



Chapter 126 Improvements and the Search for New Members
After more than 10 hours of meditation, the last of Vicente's men had ended their one-night retreat and awakened with new powers.
This time, none of these men had failed in their attempts, with 5 Intermediate Apprentices becoming Senior Apprentices and 4 Senior Apprentices reaching level 1 of the Acolyte stage.
The one Acolyte who had been given a chance to cultivate with 2nd stage resources the night before had also improved his strength, bringing his mana closer to level 2. He was still a level 1 Acolyte, but he was now the strongest in terms of magic level in the group.
Vicente looked at the Acolyte and advised him. "Logan, be careful with your cultivation from now on. Your mana should become more and more unstable from now on, so you should double your attention on what you do. Otherwise, you will explode."
The man who was closer to level 2 than at the beginning of level 1 heard this and nodded silently, knowing that his situation was delicate. Without the second Magic Pentagram, he really would have to meditate, fight, use his mana, and, in short, do everything more carefully.
Theoretically, it was safe to go to level 2 of the 2nd stage with only one pentagram but to do so, one would have to be 100% attentive with one's mana!
Otherwise... Boom!
"As for the rest of you, we're going to change the group's division of labor a bit from now on..." Vicente said, and with Rory's help, he soon explained to the ten people who had just left the training room and the other Acolytes and Senior Apprentices how things would work from now on.
Vicente had spent the last few hours upgrading the weapons of all his men. Not only that, he and Rory thought that they would be attacked in some way.
In order to protect their territory and make it more attractive to other merchants in the area, the group's Acolytes will be working with the Senior Apprentices in those shops starting this afternoon!
After briefing his men on how things would work from now on, Vicente saw the first groups leaving from there before he left with Rory.
...
After some time of walking through the city's shadows, Vicente and Rory entered the building of the local mercenary guild.
As they approached a group of mercenaries outside the lobby of this building, the two of them spoke in low voices.
"Did you ever do anything with that woman?" Vice asked.
Rory looked at his friend from under the mask on his face and said. "Sort of. I took her somewhere, and we exchanged a few caresses..."
"Oh? You're way ahead of schedule, huh?" Vicente laughed, imagining that his friend was enjoying this part of their plans.
Rory understood Vice's comment but didn't go into details. "Anyway, I'll talk to her about the Baron at our next meeting. If all goes well, I'll make our first contact at the residence after that."
"That's good. Take your time. First, let's solve this problem with the Defiant Tyranny." After saying that, Vice stopped next to a table in that area where some of the Martell Village mercenaries were standing.
"Fellow mercenaries, we can sit down. We have a deal to offer you." Vicente said, changing his voice so these people wouldn't recognize him.
The moment they saw those two standing next to them, the mercenaries who could not use magic and had no magic gems on their foreheads, looked at those two with a frown.
Not everyone could use mana. Therefore, some became warriors and followed the 9 levels of the bodily path.
Some of the mercenaries in this world were warriors, and it was not uncommon to find such people in buildings like this.
But Vicente and Rory did not underestimate these people because of the lack of magic gems in their heads. Warriors could fight people who could manipulate mana.
If you reached level 9, such a person could even challenge a Mage!
Knowing this, they were eager to enlist the services of these level 6 and 7 warriors!
However, while they knew the value of these people's strength, they also knew the problems that 'Cesar' was involved in.
Even though they did not know who 'Cesar' was, they knew that these two were associated with such a figure, and they immediately did not like being approached by these dangerous individuals.
"You've got to be kidding." Said a level 6 warrior, looking seriously at Vicente. "We're not going to work for a group that has everyone in Millfall paying attention to it..."
"Not even for 10 gold coins per month?" Rory questioned.
These men were capable of fighting Acolytes. So how much they deserved for their time and efforts was far more than the many Apprentices who worked for these two.
"10 gold coins?" One of those 4 men Vice and Rory had just approached, alongside the two individuals who had brought Vicente and Nina from Starsalt City to Martell Village, asked with interest.
With that amount of coins, he could go a few months without working and still get resources to try to improve his strength.
They couldn't buy pills or potions to improve their strength with that alone. Still, they could get resources to temper their bodies and improve their understanding of their martial arts.
For warriors, this had as much potential to increase their strength as using pills and other magical resources in magic.
 At the same time, this was an amount that even they would take 3 to 6 months to get in normal situations!
Thinking that they could earn a lot of coins quickly, those men hesitated a little, even though they knew the risks.
"10 gold coins? Are you guys serious?" Soren asked Vicente.
Vicente looked at this old acquaintance and said. "Yes, 10 gold coins each per month. What do you think about that? For now, we can only hire 4 people, and we don't know when we will get more people for the group.
None of these people knew about the reward of 200 gold coins on Vicente's head, so they did not consider it and soon discussed that it was worth at least trying.
If they saw that there would be too much trouble on this job, they could terminate their agreement with these people. And, heck, every job has its risks.
For the right price, anyone would be willing to do almost anything!
"OK, I agree to this job. But what exactly are we going to have to do? And why us?" Asked Wesley.
"You'll have to work in the shadows for our group, keeping watch and gathering information from our enemies. In practice, they won't interact with us much." Vicente said, showing a positive point for these men to serve him. "Think of it as an outside job... And as for why you and not others, it's because we heard about you from one of our men. He said you were trustworthy, which is why we are here."
That was enough for these men, and they were not suspicious of Vicente's intentions.
As they agreed to join Vice and Rory, the young black-haired man had something in mind.
'I will show you the benefits of joining my family. In the future, some of you will go from being mercenaries in our service to becoming members of my family!'



Chapter 127 Trouble in the Territory
Two days had passed since 'Cesar's' group attacked the outpost of the Defiant Tyranny faction...
Vicente had spent some time by Nina's side these days, but she was aware that her brother had some troubles on his mind, judging by the behavior of everyone around.
As a curious girl interested in her family's future, Nina did not push her brother during these last free days she had before her classes at a local academy began.
Meanwhile, Eve had tried to compensate for Vicente's absence, but the nanny had her own limits and knew that Nina was aware that something was going on.
Unfortunately, there was nothing more she or Vicente could do than they had already done to keep Nina out of their problems, and they could only continue not talking about the problem.
At least Vice and his men had handled enemy pressure well and were only acting on their own territory, where the people of the Scarlet Syndicate would protect them.
But every one in his group was already aware of the bounty of 200 coins on his head. Because of this, Vicente had avoided appearing in public with his Cesar identity, knowing that assassins were already watching him.
But even though he avoided acting on behalf of his criminal group, Vicente was aware of all the affairs of his people and had led the group in the face of new challenges!
In a plaza not far from where his men protected the shops, Vicente stood on a wooden bench and threw bread crumbs to the birds in front of him.
As he watched these birds and the small lake not far away, someone smoking on a bench behind him spoke in a low voice that the two of them could hear.
Covering his mouth with his hand, the gray-haired man said. "Chief, the number of incidents in our territory has increased greatly since that night. We have recorded 21 attempts at confusion or robbery in the properties under our protection."
Upon hearing this, Vicente easily understood that this must be an enemy strategy to wipe out their profits and drive the Scarlet Syndicate away from their side.
Vicente was a criminal with years of experience. On Earth, people did not have special powers that forced any criminal to be unusually creative in order to accomplish certain feats.
In a way, this world had more difficult circumstances for criminals.
In Polaris Realm, all one needed to steal was to use mana and strength, which many people had above normal.
As someone who had developed in that difficult environment, Vicente had already anticipated such a move, which was why he and Rory had changed the shifts of his men in those places.
"And?" He asked, wanting results.
"As the bosses expected, the Acolytes and the new weapons made a big difference. Our group was able to contain 17 of those incidents and collect the criminals' belongings. But in 4 cases, we had to use more force and ended up with some dead bodies." The man said before taking a puff on his cigarette and blowing the smoke out of his nose.
"We collected a total of 12 gold coins yesterday alone. Unfortunately, the thieves and men who attacked us had little with them. They probably prepared themselves before going to our posts."
"Hmm, that makes sense." Vicente muttered as he stood up, and slapped his hands together, wiping them clean. "Ah, the day is beautiful." He smiled, hiding his communication with that man.
"I think I need to study a bit. Becoming a 1st stage blacksmith is the way." He said, letting his man understand the message.
'So we have to hold our position for now?' The man wondered. 'Let's hold out until we get better weapons!'
Vicente left from there, heading for a meeting scheduled for that afternoon.
...
"Nova, it's good to see you again," Vicente said as he surprised the beautiful blue-haired woman waiting for him outside a local restaurant.
Feeling someone touch her shoulders, Nova immediately jumped and put away the mirror she was looking into.
When she turned around and saw the handsome black-haired young man she had seen more and more, she smiled at him and said. "It's only been a few days, hasn't it? It's not even a week since Nina's birthday."
"Is that so?" said Vicente. 'I think it was only two days, but you don't know that.' He gave her a restrained smile.
"Anyway, many things have happened recently, haven't they? I've heard strange rumors these days I've been out of town. Can you tell me what happened?"
"You were out of Millfall?" Nova was not surprised. As a merchant, it was natural for Vicente to travel with a certain constancy.
With that in mind, she had her question about why he hadn't looked for her these days answered.
"Yes, I had a little business trip. I was gone for three days and returned this morning... Who knew? After only those days away, I heard shocking things about the movements of the local powers." He said, trying to get the woman to talk more than she should.
Nova sighed and said. "Indeed. I sense that the powers of the underworld are beginning to stir... I fear that some battle for the sovereignty of Millfall will take place soon."
The ruler of Millfall was only one, the same as every city in the province and the entire kingdom, the king!
However, each town had a person who unofficially led the area.
 In Millfall, it was Viscount Symons, but depending on how you looked at things, this man was paid by the local criminal groups to turn a blind eye... Who is to be feared most? The one who turns a blind eye, or the one who pays those who turn a blind eye?
In any case, there wasn't just one person behind that, but Nova feels that it could very soon change.
"Some groups are weakening, while others are strengthening. That act two nights ago is a worrying indication, Vice. You need to be careful, especially with Nina. The city will get a little dangerous from here on out."
"Is that right?" He expressed concern as he walked alongside Nova to the restaurant just ahead. "Can you tell me something, Nova? I have business with some local nobles. I wouldn't want to get into trouble because of the relationship some of these nobles might have with these factions."
She looked at Vicente and said in a low voice. "I will see what I can do for you if you give me your business partners' names. But for now, as long as you do not leave your residence at night and avoid the city's outskirts, you will be safe.
Also, beware of establishments on the east side of town. There's a new group in the city operating out of that location. I've heard rumors that troublemakers are keeping an eye on that area."
"I'll keep that in mind," said Vicente, knowing she was talking about his territory.
With that said, he didn't touch on the subject any further so as not to alert Nova and was soon settled with her in that restaurant, eating while listening to a bit more of Nova's story, getting closer to her.



Chapter 128 Novas Origin
While waiting for their ordered food, Vicente and Nova talked a bit about their lives.
She asked about how Nina was doing and offered to help Vicente if he needed someone to take care of her in his absence.
Nova was very excited to hear that Nina was doing well and would start classes the next day. Not only that, the young girl loved the gift from this blue-haired beauty, so Vicente didn't miss the opportunity to thank her once again.
Vice had his own nefarious interests in Nova, but he already looked at her differently because of the way she had treated Nina.
He was naturally attracted to Nova, but he also wanted to use her to learn about the royal army. But Nova made it difficult for him by being so kind and interested in Nina.
After telling his companion about his younger sister that afternoon, Vicente asked. "But what about you? Where are you from, Nova? Is your family from Millfall?"
She smiled subtly and shook her head. For some reason, even talking about common things with Vicente made her smile.
"No. I'm from Dryhaven. My family still lives there. They are in the fishing business." She said truthfully.
Nova came from a stable home, with a mother and father still alive, a younger brother, and two sisters. Her family could not be considered wealthy, but they were as well off or better off than Vicente's family before his parents died.
She said with satisfaction. "Although I had to divert part of my journey because of my family's business, I love my parents and siblings. But I always wanted to become a soldier of the kingdom, so I couldn't help but leave them after I awakened my powers. However, I still visit them whenever I can. I really enjoy family time."
Hearing this, Vicente signaled his interest in finding out more about this woman.
Talking about intimate things like that was essential to building a relationship. For someone who was more interested in just getting this woman into bed, this was essential for Vicente.
"Dryhaven, huh? You're nowhere near home." Vicente commented to her.
Dryhaven was a city of about 90,000 people on the east coast of Scott Province. It was closer to Millfall than Saltstar City, but it was still a journey of over 12 days between that city and the Bain family's home.
Nova nodded and said. "Yes, but there's nothing for me to do. After I was invited to join the army in Dryhaven, I soon spent some time studying at the post in that city. As soon as I graduated, I was sent here."
The Seidel Kingdom army had two types of methods for selecting its soldiers. The first and simplest was by invitation, something high-ranking soldiers could invite whoever they felt was worth having on their side. The second was through the Seidel Magic College.
At the college, even if one did not have great magical talents with an affinity for battle, as was usually the case with those invited to the army, one could still become a soldier or even strive to become a noble of the kingdom.
But once a youth from the Seidel Magic College, or someone invited by that organization, joined the army, they would spend time studying at their city's base.
The army had its hierarchy and positions that depended not only on the magical level of its soldiers but also on their knowledge, skills, merits, and so on.
Upon entering this organization, one would spend time learning the laws of the kingdom, its history, etc., until one became an actual soldier and was assigned to duty.
"I am currently working on becoming the Commander of a post. As much as I have to be away from my family, I'm happy. It is my dream to become a great soldier and one day reach the highest rank in the army." She said to Vicente.
"That's great," Vicente said. "Being a high-ranking soldier is one of the best things in the kingdom."
Vicente was sincere. As much as no soldier would have the best results in their life if they followed other paths, the path of the kingdom's soldiers was the most stable and secure one could take.
By being free to act as and when one wishes, one could have the chance to grow substantially with a successful business. But the chances of such a venture working out would be very slim.
On the other hand, being a soldier gave magicians as much predictability in life as having a graduation on Earth. Was having a degree a guarantee of prosperity on Earth? No, but it could at least provide a living.
In the Seidel Kingdom, being a member of the army meant stability, a livelihood, and a chance to reach high levels without risking too much.
The royal family was the strongest and most influential in the kingdom, the only one with the right to have an army. It was a huge organization present in hundreds of cities like Millfall.
Soldiers of this organization had a great chance to get the resources they needed to grow without having to venture out into the vast world. As long as one had talent and competed for high-ranking positions in the army, even reaching the end of the 3rd stage was a likely thing for people with talent like Nova's.
For this woman, it was only a matter of time before it happened, and she wouldn't have to risk herself like Vincent had to.
So he didn't despise what being a soldier of the kingdom meant, even though he had no interest in giving up his freedom and opportunities for it.
But for 99% of the people in this kingdom, doing what Rory had done would be madness. The decision that people like Nova had made by accepting the soldiers' invitation to join the army was what the overwhelming majority would make.
Anyway, the two continued to talk about their lives, sometimes Nova talking about her interests and background, sometimes Vice talking about himself.
They ate lunch at this local restaurant while they talked, getting to know each other better.
At the end of an hour of meeting each other, it would be time for them to go their separate ways.
As experienced with women as Vicente was, Nova had a hard time letting go of "certain things," so he didn't get a chance to walk her home that day.
 But a new meeting between the two was already scheduled for the next few days when Vicente told her he would be staying in town until his next trip in about 10 days...
Knowing that he would be gone for a while after that, Nova agreed to meet with him a few times during that period before the "trip."



Chapter 129 Vicentes Facade
Two days later...
After his previous encounter with Nova, Vicente would meet her again tonight, this time for dinner at a local restaurant.
But at the beginning of the day, Vicente still didn't have that nightly rendezvous in mind. After a hearty breakfast with Eve and Nina, he saw them getting ready to leave for the academy, where his little sister had started her classes the day before.
After they left, Vicente quickly left the house, heading for a meeting with some of his men in one of the taverns under his protection.
Vicente did not go to his headquarters, nor did he even return to wear his mask and armor, which had already become the familiar marks of the man with a 200 coin bounty on his head.
As someone wanted by assassins from outside and Millfall itself, he avoided encounters with his men known to be part of his group.
But not everyone on his team was part of his family's crime group. Some of his men who were part of that family acted as Vicente Fuller's subordinates in his business, not as Cesar's subordinates.
As much as many of his men and business partners knew his real identity, Vicente was not worried about information about him getting out.
As a cautious man, he had included confidentiality clauses about the identities of those involved in his business in every deal he made. Even under threat, his clients or men could not talk about who he and Rory really were.
So Vicente dared to walk around Millfall as if he didn't have such a large reward on his head and even went to some of the establishments in his area daily.
In the days since the robbery of the year, his group had handled the actions of Defiant Tyranny's men well, managing to stop over 80% of enemy attacks before their contractors were even harmed.
Even under constant attack, Vicente's group of partners were happy, and the day before, his territory had actually increased in size with new contracts.
As the days passed and Vicente's territory became more stable, more merchants in the area became hopeful about the offers already made by Vice and his men.
It might seem premature to ally with Vicente and enter his territory. After all, it hadn't even been a week since the big Defiant Tyranny incident. However, for a faction whose leader was threatened with 200 gold coins, standing up for those days was impressive.
As a result, Vicente had made 4 more deals the day before, bringing the total number of establishments protected by his people to 14!
With this number, he already had almost 2 blocks of Millfall under his protection.
His group's income from these deals with business owners had also increased, and now the group had a monthly income of 49 gold coins.
In the past few days, they had also collected another 10 gold coins in valuables from enemies. Knowing this all, Vicente was excited about the future of his faction.
As much pressure as they were under from many sides, it was precisely this pressure that was pushing them to become stronger and more relevant!
In the meantime, he had been developing his forging skills, reading the books Benson had lent him, and doing the training his master had encouraged him to do.
With that in mind, Vicente arrived at Zander and River's tavern, where he immediately got a table.
When they saw their boss there, the guards of this place didn't look at Vice too much to avoid suspicion. But they all couldn't help but admire their leader's courage to walk the streets and even come to this place with such a large reward on his head.
'What great courage!'
'I wouldn't do that!'
'The boss is truly dignified. He acts as if he owes nothing to anyone.' The Acolyte, who was watching the area, thought to himself as he smiled.
Meanwhile, two of Vicente's men, who had been sitting around the area waiting for him, quickly moved when they saw him there.
They had no masks on their faces like the men on guard.
After sitting down in front of their leader, the two greeted Vicente before tasting the snacks already left on the table.
One of them then said. "Boss, we bought some of the ores you requested. We are also stockpiling the cheapest pure metals we can find."
"But some of the items you requested are rarer, and only blacksmiths from the Association can access them at affordable prices. I don't think it's worth it for us to try to get some of them outside the Association. It would be too expensive." The other informed Vicente and showed him a list of what they had bought and what was missing.
Seeing some of the most important materials he needed to make new weapons and also improve the quality of the items he already had, Vicente said. "Hmm, I agree. I'll try to focus my time in the next few days to get closer to the level needed to pass the Association's test.
When I get my license, we'll use it to buy the materials missing from this list. For now, keep up the good work."
Since he was "unable" to act on behalf of his group in these post-robbery days, Vicente had a lot of time to read about and practice his forging skills.
He had gotten great results from his practice. As he practiced extracting metals from ores and practicing the things he learned from the books, Vicente increased his mana density at a magnificent rate.
As a result, he had jumped from about 7% progress at the Senior Apprentice level to about 24%, just with the training he had been doing these days.
 With an improvement of about 3% per day, he was rapidly becoming stronger!
As he got stronger, his forging skills improved proportionally, and he found it easier to master the techniques from the books he had been reading.
In addition, Vicente had helped Rory with his training by sparring with him every other day, which had contributed to his improvements in magic.
"But tell me about our business," Vicente said after drinking some of what was in his mug. "Is the village doing well? How are our merchants?"
"As for that, everything is going according to plans..."
The two men began to report the latest data from Vicente's trading company operating out of Martell Village.
As much as Vicente focused on increasing his family's power through the underworld, he did not neglect operations that could give him cover in the light of day.
As a criminal, he knew the importance of having a good front for his illegal operations!
Martell Village was his first domain, so he had other reasons to value it.
Anyway, when this morning's meeting was over, Vicente soon left to meet Rory in another part of the city, curious about how his friend had acted with Lena and the Irwin family but also about the results of his new mercenary contractors.



Chapter 130 Information and Plans
When Vicente met Rory later that day, he immediately heard something from his friend that he hadn't expected that morning.
"We finished studying the contents of the books we stole from Defiant Tyranny," Rory said in a low voice as he walked beside Vicente, dressed in a large black coat.
Vicente was also wearing a coat over his suit, his hands in his pockets as he watched the movement of the central Millfall. "What have you found out?" He asked, but without showing much interest on his face.
Rory said. "Of the three books you stole, one is an accounting book. It contains information about Defiant Tyranny's operations, its projects, where its currency comes from, and where it goes."
Accounting in organizations large and small was not just for tax time on Earth. Even in the blue world, records of operations were kept before groups even thought about paying taxes.
In Polaris Realm, one did not have to pay taxes on business operations. The only taxes in many states, such as the Seidel Kingdom, were taxes on property and government services. But even then, groups like the Defiant Tyranny kept records of their actions so that their leaders could keep track of their own actions.
How did they know that their own members or other individuals were not robbing them? The only way to know was to keep a record of their operations.
The register in question recorded much of Defiant Tyranny's operations over the past 5 years!
Upon hearing that they had it in hand, Vice could not keep his lips from curling into a bow on his face.
"This is fantastic." He muttered.
With the countable book, he and his group could track their enemies' operations and not only disrupt their business but also rob them!
For example, from the catalog in question, Vicente's group could know what Defiant Tyranny's main sources of income were and where most of the coins were going.
Not only would they be able to reach the big names in that group, but they would also know how to hurt those opponents most effectively.
They could also use this data to find useful information about business opportunities in Millfall.
Every action had a reaction. If coins were leaving one place for another, people would be willing to pay to change that reality, as well as those interested in spending less on certain operations.
With that in mind, Vicente and Rory naturally understood the immense value of that book.
"But that's not all," Rory said. "In the second of the three books, we find pertinent information about local nobles and rich men.
Boy, there's a lot of compromising stuff in those books."
"Oh?"
Like on Earth, one of the best ways to get things done in the Polaris Realm was to threaten to destroy the image of public figures.
Even if these nobles and wealthy people had a lot of power, they all had someone to fear!
High-level people, opportunistic nobles, and last but not least, royalty!
"This is music to my ears." Vicente laughed as he thanked Defiant Tyranny for doing him the dirty work.
As criminals, it was only natural that they had to keep track of the compromising things of their partners and allies!
How could they stay in power if they didn't have things to use against their partners?
Vice asked. "Is there any other positive information for us?"
"The third book also had some strange information. It had no data from our enemies nor from people involved with that faction in Millfall. The book talks about something in the area of Alpine Woodpecker Forest."
"Alpine Woodpecker Forest?" Vicente frowned. That was a forested area near Ironcrest, the second-largest city in Scott Province.
"Yeah, we don't really understand what this book is for. It looks like a manual on how to get to a particular area of this forest. I can't tell the value of it, but given the shape of the book and the ancient inscriptions in it, I feel like it's like a treasure map.
But I can't tell if it leads to something valuable or to unnecessary danger." Rory finished talking about these findings.
The Alpine Woodpecker Forest was a vast area, over 15,000 square kilometers, where a race of magical beasts ruled.
It was not easy to enter or leave this area without getting hurt. Still, there were many stories about this region all over the province, things that tied Ironcrest's success to this forest.
Ironcrest was founded 300 years ago and quickly became one of the province's largest cities, even without access to the sea, which was important for any city.
But even though it was only the second largest city in the province, it didn't lose much to Saltstar City, and in fact, it was much better than the other city in one thing. The forging art!
Rumor had it that the best 3rd-stage blacksmiths came from Ironcrest, and the rarest resources for 3rd-stage blacksmiths could only be found in this city in Scott Province.
 Knowing this, Vicente kept the Alpine Woodpecker Forest book in his mind.
"Hmm, let's check this information in the future." He said to Rory. "For now, let's stick to what's within our reach and what we can understand."
"What are you planning?"
"The Defiant Tyranny is clearly not going to stand by while we grow and act against them. I believe by now they must be threatening some of the people they have evidence of compromising acts against." Vicente said with a serious expression. "Then let's counterattack!
Send some of our men to visit some of the names in the second book. Show them what Defiant Tyranny is up to and turn them against this faction.
Meanwhile, have some of our men give me the details of what's in the first book, especially the main coin streams of that faction. I will act to hurt them a little more."
With these words, Vice watched Rory leave and make his way to where he planned to meet one of the mercenaries he had hired earlier.
The mercenaries had signed magical agreements with him, promising not to talk about his identity. They already knew who Vicente was, so they could find him without him having to disguise himself or risk alerting the assassins who would surely be lurking around.
But these men were not so happy to have been chosen by a fellow villager. On the contrary, after they had signed their agreements with Vicente, they had all been quite angry when they found out about the bounty of 200 gold coins on their chief's head.
If they had thought about Vicente's previous proposal for one day, they could have kept those coins by acting against him!
Unfortunately, they were now allies and could only follow what they had promised Vice.
When Vicente saw one of these unfortunate men at the local mercenary guild, the meeting place they had arranged for each other, he ignored the serious look on Wesley's face and sat down across from him.
Wesley and his partner were still shocked at how far Vicente had come in such a short time after the Fuller family tragedy. Even though they were a little sad about the mistake they had made in agreeing to follow Vice, they felt strange about the young man.
To them, Vicente was still the young man who had lost his father, mother, and sister in a matter of weeks. Even though he was so strong and influential, they still felt sorry for him.
With this mixed feeling, the man sighed as he looked at the black-haired young man in front of him. "How is little Nina?" He asked before talking about serious matters.
"Good. She recently started at a local academy. Anyway, tell me about your observations." Vicente was direct with his words.
These mercenaries did not act directly with his men but rather kept an eye on the movements of the Defiant Tyranny, but also of the army, which Vicente considered corrupt and acting against him.
Wesley then said. "Well, some of Defiant Tyranny's high-ranking men are indeed getting involved with members of the royal army. Recently, a level 4 Acolyte met with the number two of the local rank of the royal forces.
My companions and I feel that they are trying to influence the army to move against you, Vice."
"As expected..."
"Also, some of the other factions in Millfall have been meeting with the leaders of the Defiant Tyranny," Wesley said solemnly. "Soren saw some nobles and even an envoy of the Viscount meeting with number three of our enemies, Vicente. I'm afraid we're going to be in big trouble soon."
Vicente heard this, and as his face grew darker, he thought it made sense.
As much as Defiant Tyranny had been a competitor to some of these local factions in the past, their downfall was of no interest to anyone but the Scarlet Syndicate. As the largest competitor to this other local underworld group, they could not fall, or Millfall's stability would be destroyed.
Nobles would lose an ally capable of doing things they could not, while others might be forced to act against their own interests to avoid punishment.
If the Defiant Tyranny fell, many operations would be hindered, and there would be a risk that the Scarlet Syndicate would take over all of Millfall, which was of no interest to anyone but that group.
Understanding this, Vicente sighed and said. "I will communicate with the Scarlet Syndicate to see if I can use the strength of that group to buy us some time. But don't worry. I already have plans against Defiant Tyranny's movements."



Chapter 131 Consolation
Later that day, after completing his and Vicente's group-related obligations, Rory went to a meeting with Lena.
While Vicente had taken more time to train his forge as he couldn't be seen in public as Cesar, Rory couldn't be seen as a member of his faction either, so he went with his plans.
After struggling to send Vicente's latest orders, he met someone who had already been giving him more and more information about the Irwin estate.
As someone committed to the group's plans, Rory 'sacrificed' some of his time to interact with Lena!
Arriving at a local inn, he saw the beautiful blonde with clear eyes smiling as she watched him. Now, Lena wasn't dressed in her typical attire as a servant of House Irwin. She was wearing a black skirt that showed a bit of her beautiful legs but also her cleavage.
Seeing her in front of the inn, Rory hurried to one of the rooms he had rented, eager to proceed with his 'sacrifice.'
He had been hesitant at the beginning of his relationship with this woman, but after 'experiencing' the 'sacrifice' he had to make, he had quickly taken a liking to the whole thing.
The 'sacrifice' for the group was really good!
After entering the room, the two of them could not hold back any longer and quickly hugged, kissed, and started undressing each other.
...
While Rory was meeting Lena at a local pub and enjoying himself in the midst of his group's troubles, Nova was getting ready to meet Vicente when she received a message from the army post.
After seeing the soldier of lower rank than her leave his residence after leaving a letter for her, Nova's eyebrows knitted together as she read the contents of the message.
She couldn't help but lose her good mood as she read about Cesar and the new orders from the army commander in Millfall.
'This doesn't make any sense.' She thought, feeling bad about the orders she had just received.
Nova and other captains from the royal army post in Millfall were called to investigate the whereabouts, surround, and kill Cesar Mazzanti!
According to the Commander, his group had evidence that Cesar had murdered a recently missing merchant in Millfall, who was found dead in an abandoned property this morning.
She and the other Captains of the local post were to focus their shifts for the next few days on finding and eliminating Cesar!
When she read that in the message, she couldn't help but find those orders strange. Not only was it bizarre that a criminal who seemed as intelligent as Cesar had left a body behind, but the timing of it all was also strange.
Even she could tell that someone was trying to frame Cesar after failing to get proof that he had broken into and robbed one of Defiant Tyranny's outposts.
'That doesn't make sense. Cesar has been missing since the day after the raid. He wouldn't be that careless! The person who welcomed us to his own property wouldn't leave a body behind.' She thought to herself, feeling uncomfortable.
"But this is even stranger because this order is only against Cesar. How are we supposed to act against this person and ignore the actions of his group?" She muttered when she saw how strange this was.
The normal thing to think in such a situation was that Vicente's entire group would be punished. But from the looks of it, the local powers only wanted to take down Vice and didn't want to get involved with the Scarlet Syndicate.
Thinking about it, Nova immediately realized that his army post was compromised with corrupt people!
'Damn it. They're just trying to deal with Cesar so as not to anger the Scarlet Syndicate. They are acting to help the Defiant Tyranny and not to hurt the Scarlet Syndicate!' She noticed the movement of the Commander, who had wisely given an order that only attacked the weakest point in all of this, Vicente.
Vicente's agreement with the Scarlet Syndicate was not to protect him but to guarantee their operations in his territory for 2 weeks. Other things, like protecting him from assassins or soldiers, were not in such an agreement!
Nova didn't know the details, but she understood the meaning of her leader's order.
She made an ugly face as she crumpled up the message, outraged that she had to follow such orders.
Nova particularly disliked 'Cesar.' He was arrogant and obviously a criminal. If asked, she would say he belonged in jail. But she didn't like how the army handled the situation.
She was a young girl who dreamed of becoming a great soldier and contributing to the stability and peace of the kingdom. As someone who the system had not yet contaminated, she naturally felt terrible about corrupt and lawless acts.
'Damn it, this is wrong! This is against royal principles!' She lamented, but she knew there was nothing she could do.
If she defied the order, the Commander could punish her and have her army career ruined. On the other hand, she could not try to denounce her boss without proof.
Hands tied, she closed her eyes while at the door of her house. Her face turned to the ceiling as she tried to breathe more calmly to ease the anger she felt at all this.
But then she heard one of the few voices she had enjoyed lately.
"Why are you looking so serious, Nova? You have me worried." Vicente said in a humorous tone, making her open her eyes and turn her face to him.
Seeing Vicente, well dressed as always, this time in a casual beige and white outfit, Nova lost some of her worried and irritated expression. But she was not in a good mood to go out with him and said. "Vice, I'm a little stressed with some army stuff. Can we reschedule our date for another day?"
 Vicente narrowed his eyes and asked. "You want to talk about it? We can reschedule our trip for another day. But we can come in and talk, right? Sure, if you don't feel comfortable, I'll leave."
When she heard that, she hesitated a little. But Vicente was the closest thing to a friend she had in this city.
"Sigh... I hope I won't regret it. Please, come in." She made way for him, welcoming him into her home for the first time.
Upon entering the house, Vice noticed how well-decorated the place was, with several paintings, sculptures, and other decorative items in the entrance hall.
But this was a small house, about 80 square meters of built area, with a small yard divided between the front and back of the property.
Nova quickly grabbed a drink for herself and Vicente and showed him a nice white couch in the living room for him to sit on.
Serving her friend, she sat cross-legged next to him and said. "Vice, I am concerned about some members of my post. I think this army post is compromised."
Vicente looked at Nova's beautiful face and saw her with a hand on her forehead; her eyes closed as if she had a severe headache.
"This is the reality of this society, Nova. As much as the profession of a soldier is better than most of the professions in our world, a soldier's income is not comparable to that of nobles, owners of territories, etc.
Many end up giving in to diabolical suggestions when the need arises."
"I know, but I didn't think it would be like this for..." She wanted to say but hesitated, knowing that she couldn't make accusations against specific people.
Talking about corruption in the army was no big deal. Everyone knew there were corrupt people in the army. But pointing the finger at one of them, even in a friendly conversation, could be dangerous.
Vicente realized that something must have happened and decided to take a chance. "This must be about Defiant Tyranny and this new group in town, right? I heard from one of my business partners that Defiant Tyranny has compromising evidence on several nobles and high-ranking men in the army.
If some of this evidence were to leak out, several heads would roll."
She saw that Vicente seemed to know more than she did and felt more comfortable talking to him about it. "Vice, don't tell anyone about this. But the Commander has just issued an order for all Captains to focus their time on dealing with Cesar, the leader of this new group in town.
I feel bad because I think they're framing him. I don't particularly like this person, but I still feel bad. He at least deserves some justice."
"Uh?" Vicente struggled not to smile when he heard that Nova didn't like 'Cesar.'
"I think you shouldn't worry. I have no interest in getting involved in such matters... But it's really shocking. Is it really necessary to frame a criminal? There must be real evidence against him, right?"
She shook her head negatively. "There is nothing. Even some accusations the army used against Cesar in the Martial Court are completely unfounded. But as the weakest element in Millfall's recent troubles, this man is already being massacred from all sides.
He will be killed or sentenced to prison if he shows any weakness. No one on the Martial Court has any pity for men like him, and even without evidence, they will destroy him to please the local powers."
"If that's true, he's in big trouble," Vicente commented. "Is there nothing that can change that? Do you think he can get out of this situation?"
"Only if he manages to influence the local powers. In that case, I think the Martial Court might be interested in following the royal laws. Otherwise, he is doomed."
"I see... I'm glad it's not him, haha." Vicente commented as he approached Nova, not missing the chance to 'comfort' her.
"But don't worry so much, Nova. You have a good heart. As long as you stay fair with what's in your possession, I'm sure you won't be negatively involved in all this. At least you won't have to feel guilty for the corruption of others." He said, hugging her as he felt her 'melt' into his arms.
Feeling better, Nova looked into Vicente's eyes before closing her own and bringing her lips to his.
"Mmmm~"



Chapter 132 Sexual Tension
As she felt Vicente's tongue penetrate her mouth, the inexperienced Nova was almost frightened by her friend's movements. But feeling something good growing inside her, she closed her eyes again and allowed herself to continue with this experience.
Letting Vicente control the situation, Nova slowly learned what to do, following not only his "steps" but also her instincts.
When she put her hands around Vicente's face, she felt his movements go beyond his tongue, his hands reaching her waist.
Without realizing it, Nova was already on top of Vicente and felt her friend's 'weapon' pressing against her legs.
Nova's breathing increased, and she felt hot, not even knowing how long it had been since the naive kiss she had given him.
She was an inexperienced virgin. When she had kissed Vicente, she had only thought of kissing him and then hugging him. But without realizing it, she had done much more than she knew could happen between a man and a woman in that situation.
"Mmmm~"
But even though she felt a part of her body screaming at her to continue, Nova was strong and resisted the temptation.
"Hah... Hah... No, no, Vice, I'm not ready." She pulled her mouth away from the black-haired young man's and took a deep breath.
Vicente looked into Nova's eyes and smiled at her in a way that made her want to kiss him again. But she pinched one of his thighs and resisted.
"I'm sorry I kissed you like that. I shouldn't have done it." He told her, still with his hands around Nova's waist and hips, subtly looking up as her blue eyes one level above his.
But as much as he had indeed done things she hadn't expected, nor had he given her the freedom to do so, Nova felt that Vicente's words were out of place. "Don't say that. I took the initiative and... And I liked it." She bit her lips, making Vicente feel a wave of desire in his body.
He tightened his hands a little on her body, making her look down and see that she was on his lap.
Feeling embarrassed, Nova blushed as she pulled away from Vice and went to his side on the sofa.
Thinking about the pressure she had felt a few moments ago, she felt even more embarrassed, not knowing how to handle this situation.
Vicente, on the other hand, was not embarrassed. He just stood in silence for a moment, eyes closed, trying to breathe and control himself.
What he felt now was nothing compared to what Nova felt.
After years of doing nothing, Vicente felt everything coming back in full force, like a junkie who had been clean for years and suddenly started using his drug of preference again.
But he calmed down, took one of Nova's hands, and gently massaged it. "I really liked it too, Nova. You have no idea how much. But I won't do anything you don't want me to."
She overcame her embarrassment and looked at him, feeling the temptation.
'You're the one who has no idea...' She thought to herself but hesitated, afraid. "I... I need some time." She said.
"Take your time." He smiled as he pulled himself away. "I'll be here..." Vice looked at the watch on one of her wrists and saw how much time had passed since they started talking. "Well, I guess it's time for me to go. You know where to find me if you need anything..."
She looked at him and offered. "I'm sorry about today's meeting. If I hadn't had this problem on my mind, we might have had more fun."
"I doubt that." He smiled.
Nova blushed and said. "We can reschedule for tomorrow afternoon.... I'll be busy today with this new order from the Commander, but I still have my weekly off."
"Oh? That's fine."
With those words, Vicente kissed one of Nova's cheeks before leaving, leaving the blue beauty behind, feeling an immense warmth in his body.
After her friend left, Nova's embarrassment faded, and she remembered the feel of Vicente's lips, the way he had touched her, and how strange she had felt.
Her breathing accelerated again as she thought about it, and she felt something strange between her legs, like an urge to urinate...
She ran to the shower, flushed, but too interested in her new discovery to worry about embarrassing herself.
...
Unlike Nova, Vice could not and would not relieve himself after that situation. So he felt the 'weight' of being unable to relieve himself, the natural discomfort that would come to young people like him after going through so much 'teasing' and not having the chance to 'release' his accumulated stress.
A little tense because of that but also worried because of the things he had heard from Nova, Vicente ran to his house with Nina and Eve, thinking about training to release the tension.
'I'm going to continue my studies for the rest of the day... I feel like I can finish these books in a few days.' He thought to himself and walked quickly through the city.
As he did so, Vicente passed two people who were talking and walking in the opposite direction of him.
 When they saw a young man hurrying past them, two newcomers to the city casually looked at the young man.
"How will we find such a person? I heard he hasn't appeared in town for a few days." One of them said as he looked back and saw the young man hurrying in the other direction.
But he just looked like a hurrying teenager, and neither he nor his companion paid him much attention.
"He and his people will make a mistake one day. With 200 gold coins at stake, someone like us will find him. We just have to keep an eye on the players looking for that reward." The other man said, ignoring the young man hurrying, talking about his and his partner's target, 'Cesar!'
They were not only looking for the head of the leader of the group that had recently operated east of Millfall. Many others like them had begun looking for 'Cesar,' and even out-of-town assassins were already on the hunt for his generous reward.
Confident in the number of people working to find out who 'Cesar' really was and where he was, the two hunters were relaxed about their current mission.
"We'll check into an inn tomorrow and look for more information. I doubt anyone will get the reward in a short time."
"Okay!"
So the two went on their way, as the end of the day came with the dusk.



Chapter 133 Problems at the Academy
Two more days went by quickly...
In the meantime, not only were assassins and bounty hunters active in Millfall in search of Vicente's head, but other groups in the city were moving in because of the young man's recent actions.
Millfall's noble and criminal factions acted to protect their interests, doing what they could to maintain local stability.
But these were not the only groups acting because of Vicente. He and his people had already begun sending threatening notes to people who might be compromised locally.
Some wanted to overthrow them, even use the army against them. This was fine, but Vice's party wasn't going to stand still!
The group was already fighting back, with several of Vicente's subordinates contacting noble families and local officials to threaten them.
While this was going on in the city's shadows, the operations of Vicente's group continued in the light of day, while the ignorant in this city felt that things were calming down locally.
With Defiant Tyranny failing to destabilize Vicente's operations in eastern Millfall, its attacks on the group's territory had decreased significantly in recent days.
Meanwhile, a new group from Martell Village arrived in town this morning to join Vicente's people and add to their numbers.
The group now had 68 members, 10 level 1 Acolytes, 15 Senior Apprentices, 29 Intermediate Apprentices, and the rest Junior Apprentices.
Their territory now had 17 establishments, and unlike when the group first started, they no longer had to look for new businesses. As the violence in the city's eastern part increased along with the fame of 'Cesar's' group, more business owners sought out the emerging group in their area.
Meanwhile, 'Cesar' remained missing.
...
In the basement of the Fuller family mansion, Vicente, with a metal hammer in his hands, looked exhausted, breathing heavily.
His underwear was soaked with sweat, while his mana showed signs that he couldn't take much more of what he was doing.
But he tried to enrich his body's features and made another move with his tool, hitting a metal plate in front of him once again.
Clang!
With his last move, he finally completed the 15th hour of training with the hammer, getting closer to completing the shield he was building.
Once he finished the shield, he thought he would finally be able to produce guns with 100% efficiency, which was necessary for his weapons to withstand the full power of the Senior Apprentices.
Feeling that he could not continue his work at the forge for another day, Vicente dropped his hammer and let it fall to the ground as he took a deep breath.
The hammer made a loud noise as it fell to the ground, considering how heavy it was, and even caused small cracks to appear where it fell.
The strength of the blacksmiths had to increase so that they could produce larger and larger items. Therefore, the weight of their tools was not small, as they had to withstand tremendous forces.
Because of this, blacksmiths usually had muscular bodies, so Vicente was gradually becoming stronger physically.
Even though he had only started training a few weeks ago, Vicente already had a body as muscular as that of people on Earth who trained in bodybuilding for 7 or 8 months.
He still lacked muscular maturity, and his muscles still had a lot to grow. Still, he was already at such a level that the contours of his muscles were becoming more and more visible.
He liked these parallel results of his forging training, but the most important thing for him was his progress toward weapons with 100% efficiency and the improvement of his mana density.
'It's time to meditate.' He sat on the floor and began meditating, feeling his progress at the Senior Apprentice level surpassing the 32% mark.
Thirty minutes later, he finished meditating, feeling full of energy, even stronger than when he started another workout hours ago.
After finishing his meditation, he looked at the unfinished shield on the table in his training room. 'I think I could produce a 1st-grade weapon with 86% efficiency right now...'
"Good. I will finish my readings tonight. After that, it will only be a matter of time before I fully understand what I have read in these materials." He muttered as he climbed the stairs to the second floor of his residence.
When he met Eve, he realized this woman had advanced to the Senior Apprentice level.
"Eve, did you advance? Haha, congratulations! Maybe you'll become an Acolyte along with Rory and me." He saw the blonde woman cutting a fruit next to Nina and hugged her, squeezing Eve's thin waist without dirty intentions.
She didn't mind Vice's touch and smiled, happy about her level. "Hehe, thanks, Vicente. If it weren't for you, I probably wouldn't have progressed so fast."
Eve had an ordinary talent. As such, her prospects were not great. But with the support of the Fuller family, she could even dream of becoming an Acolyte in her youth.
Nina realized what they were talking about and congratulated Eve, happy for her.
 "Congratulations, sister Eve. I hope to reach your level one day." Nina said, attracting their attention, knowing she was in great danger of not even reaching the Senior Apprentice level.
Vicente didn't show his concern to Nina, but he felt in a hurry as he once again thought about his sister's future. 'I only have 6 years to become stronger and more influential. If I can't change Nina's situation by then, she might never be able to become a magician.' After releasing Eve's waist, he clenched one of his fists behind his back.
"I hope you'll outdo me in the future, Nina." Eve smiled at her, trying to encourage this child.
Nina smiled back before getting up from her chair, ready for another day at the local academy.
But before she left, she looked at Vicente and said. "Big brother, my teacher said she wanted to talk to you. I don't know why, so you must ask her."
Vice frowned when he heard this. Like on Earth, children's teachers usually give feedback to parents and guardians a few times during the school year. But Nina's period at the local academy had just started, and this was not the time for that. Knowing this, he was worried.
"Okay, I'll accompany you to the academy today, Nina. Let's see what your teacher wants."
"Yay!" She celebrated as she took one of her brother's hands, eager to show him off to her classmates.



Chapter 134 Going to the Academy
After leaving the house with Nina and Eve, Vicente walked slowly with them through the central streets of Millfall to the main local academy.
Millfall had three academies for children under the age of 10. Vicente had enrolled Nina in the best academy, where even the children and grandchildren of nobles studied.
Knowing the public that Nina's academy attended, Vicente narrowed his eyes as he looked at the large building of this academy, which was only five blocks away from his house.
'Did Nina step on some nobleman's foot, and the teacher wants to give me some kind of warning?' He thought, knowing how terrible children could be depending on the circumstances they grew up in.
But seeing how happy Nina was, Vice wasn't sure if that was the problem.
'I'll increase her security for the next few days if it is.' He sighed as he looked up.
Another reason for Nina to study at this academy, besides the fact that it was the best local educational institution, was that the way between this building and the Fuller estate was short. Vicente's snipers could follow the young girl from a distance.
Vicente looked up and saw a metallic glint where he knew one of his Acolytes had a rifle aimed at his group's surrounding area.
Taking his eyes off that spot on the roof of a nearby building, Vicente turned his attention back to what Nina was saying.
"Big brother, you have to meet teacher Shelby. She's so pretty! And she's really nice to me. She always comes to see me during breaks and even helps me with my homework." Nina said as she walked hand in hand with Vicente.
"Oh? That Shelby seems really caring." Vicente commented as Eve looked at him.
"She's always talking about this teacher."
"Who is she, Nina?" Vice looked at his sister after Eve's words. "Is she the one who wants to see me?"
"Yes. Teacher Shelby is in charge of my class. She has already asked me several things about you, big brother." Nina said as she smiled. "Does she want to marry big brother?"
Eve looked at Nina seriously after those words as he chuckled at the thought of his sister.
"Don't talk nonsense, Nina," Vicente remarked in a good-natured tone, even though he didn't like hearing some of what Nina had just told him.
Meanwhile, Eve advised. "Nina, you can't talk about your brother with anyone but us. If they ask about Vice, just say you're a child and don't know anything. Someone like that might be mean to your brother."
"But teacher Shelby is so good to me..." She muttered.
"Some people will be nice to you for the wrong reasons, Nina. Do what Eve said. If they ask about our family, don't say anything." Vicente told his sister.
"OK, big brother," Nina said, not sure why but willing to obey her brother.
Amid this conversation, they arrived at the front gate of the best local academy. Dozens of children of different ages were already there with their parents, friends, and nannies, slowly entering the grounds surrounded by gardens and a sizeable temple-like building in the middle of the area.
Unlike the Academy of Stars, which had a few dozen children, this place had more than 2,000 children up to the age of 10.
Vicente, Nina, and Eve made their way past the crowd of people that usually formed in front of this building every morning and were soon walking through the entrance garden of the academy.
This place was beautiful, with well-kept plants that were pruned daily by gardeners. There were several paintings in the corridors, which Nina took the opportunity to explain to her brother, telling him that these paintings told the story of Millfall.
Vicente listened to this until they reached one of the entrances to the large building, a large place since there were dozens of bathrooms, libraries, classrooms, martial arts training areas, and so on.
Arriving at this place where he had only been once, on Nina's first day of school, Vicente let himself be guided by her while many children looked at him as if he were an alien.
Nina had already told about Vicente and his unique Magic Gem to about 30 different children. She was very proud of him, and since hiding one's magical form was hard, she talked about it with everyone who came near her.
But besides these children, many others couldn't help but look up to Vicente, as there were no reports of gems like his in Polaris Realm.
All known Magic Gems followed a constant pattern. But Vicente's magical form went against that 'rule' as if it were two gems instead of just one...
When she saw several children younger and older than herself looking at Vicente, Nina smiled proudly.
In their movement, they arrived at class 44, where she had daily classes.
When they arrived, Vicente saw some children approaching them to talk to Nina.
"This is my brother," Nina said. "Have you seen? See his Magic Gem, Jasper! I hope you change your name now that I've proven you wrong!"
The children laughed as they looked at the young boy who had told Nina that a Magic Gem like Vicente's couldn't exist in this world.
Seeing this, Vice laughed subtly, seeing the young man's embarrassment for saying something he shouldn't have said to Nina.
 "Vice, you shouldn't let Nina say things like that," Eve told him in a low voice. "She's humiliating the boy."
"You're overreacting, Eve. They're just kids playing. He probably said something like. 'That's impossible, and I'm sure you're lying, or my name isn't Jasper...'" Vice spoke, thinking he should let children be children.
"Nina's older brother, what kind of power does this gem give you?" An orange-haired girl asked him as she looked at the shiny thing on Vice's forehead.
But just as Vicente was about to open his mouth to say something, a female voice came behind him and said. "Margaret, never ask strangers that question again. The magical form of a mage is very individual to each person. If you want to know, stand strong and challenge Mr. Fuller. Until then, keep your curiosity to yourself."
Vicente looked back and saw a woman with orange hair and brown eyes, dressed in a black outfit, beautiful, with white skin, plump lips, and an unusual Green Magic Gem.
"Pleasure, Shelby Staples." She said to him, ignoring her many students.



Chapter 135 Cunning Fox
Looking into this beautiful woman's eyes, who had the same level of beauty as Nova, Vicente smiled at her and asked. "What does Miss Staples want with me?"
Meanwhile, Eve stared at the orange-haired woman, aware of her heritage after hearing Shelby's last name.
'Staples, huh? Isn't that the family of one of the local barons?' The blonde woman next to Vice thought, recognizing Baron Staples' youngest daughter.
Vicente had easily recognized her but was not surprised that she was a teacher at this academy.
Only one in a noble family actually held the title of noble, and only one would inherit it if all went well. Everyone else in the family had to find their own way, especially the younger siblings of the heir.
But even if one stayed in the family to help the older sibling, helping out or even marrying into alliances for the family's good, people like Shelby had the freedom to work and more.
Even though she was the daughter of a noble, she didn't have the best of her family's resources focused on her. Most of her father's resources went to himself, his eldest son, and the rest was divided between 2 other children besides her and 3 of the baron's wives.
Shelby received only a fraction of what her eldest brother earned, and even though that was a lot compared to 99% of the people in the Seidel Kingdom, it was not enough for her to be complacent.
In her spare time, she worked as a teacher at this academy and even went on missions for the local mercenary guild on weekends.
It was common for members of noble families to do this, so Vicente wasn't as surprised as Eve, who had a very different view of the world than he did.
She heard his question and said. "Give me a minute, and we'll talk."
Shelby turned to her class and commanded. "Sit down and open your books to page 435. I want you to read the text that begins on this page while I talk to Mr. Fuller."
"Huh? But teacher..."
"You are going to read the entire text." Shelby looked at her students sternly, and the young man who was about to protest remained silent, afraid of this strict teacher they had.
'Tsk! Teacher Shelby is too hard on us! Only that ugly deaf girl is treated differently!' A young green-haired girl thought to herself as she looked at Nina resentfully.
Shelby then led Vicente and Eve out of the room, where there was a large corridor next to one of the gardens of this large academy.
Sitting on a stone bench, she looked at Vicente and said. "Mr. Fuller, I asked Nina to call you here not because of her but because of my curiosity."
Vice sat across from her, looking into Shelby's brown eyes as he gave her space to explain.
Eve stood behind him, frowning at Shelby.
"What's that supposed to mean, Miss Staples?" She asked in place of her boss.
Shelby smiled, acting a little more docile than she did with her students. "Nina is a good girl. She is very dedicated and one of the smartest in the class. You should be proud of her."
Vicente did not have much time to observe Nina's studies, but Eve always told him what she saw of the girl. He was aware of that, so he said. "Yes, she has always loved to study since she lost her hearing. I think her world becomes less quiet when she reads her books. That's why she likes to study so much."
"Hmm, at first, I was worried about her because of her disability, but I soon realized how smart she was and started helping her for other reasons. To help her become a great magician in the future, perhaps a scholar."
Some magicians focused their powers on the study of this world and magic. From the studies of some of them came new spells, magical technologies, medical treatments, pills, and so on.
But this was the rarest profession in Polaris Realm, with less than 0.01% of magicians pursuing this branch of study.
As a result, teachers at such academies, and even kings, encouraged young talents to pursue careers as scholars, often offering great opportunities to those with the ability to do so.
As a teacher, Shelby had seen this in Nina and now wanted to encourage her to become a scholar.
But she talked to Vice and Eve about it to make it clear to them that there was nothing wrong with Nina. She had called them to this place for another reason.
"Anyway, Nina is doing very well. I like her very much, and if you allow me, I would like to continue teaching her. But I asked her to call you here for another reason, Mr. Fuller. I want to talk to you about things that have nothing to do with young Nina." She said as she looked seriously at the black-haired young man in front of her.
"What exactly do you want? We don't know each other, Miss Staples." He said.
"Yes, but I had seen you before today and even checked you out." She beamed, curious about the answers she might get from Vicente. "You made a deal with the Irwin family, didn't you?"
Vice frowned but nodded affirmatively.
"Not only that, you met Baron Irwin's third son, right? What happened between you two? I'm sorry to ask, but that guy and I had a bad relationship, and I'd like to know what happened to him." She told, remembering how Sean Irwin had tried to force himself on her a year ago.
She had been a Senior Apprentice then and had been held down by two of Sean's minions and had been helpless against him.
She hated him, hated nobles and heirs in general, especially her family, who had practically sold her to Viscount Symons before she was even born and promised her to his heir.
 Vicente looked into this woman's eyes and saw that she seemed to have a thirst for blood. But even if she were an enemy of Sean's, he wouldn't just tell her that he had put a bullet in that man's head and killed him...
"I met him and talked business with him. I never saw him again after that. I only discovered he was missing when I did business with his father weeks ago." Vice said, disappointing this woman a little.
"Is that so? That's all that happened between you two?" She became more serious, looking at Vicente as if to threaten him. "I honestly don't think so. Sean was not the kind of person who would do business with someone like you, Mr. Fuller. I think your meeting with him was probably not a calm one..."
Upon hearing this, Vicente narrowed his eyes, realizing that this woman was not as friendly as she had seemed a few moments ago.
"And when I examined you, I discovered something quite strange..." She smiled, remembering what she had seen on a recent trip to Martell Village. "You know what I found? You and your group have weapons, just like Cesar Mazantti's group. What a coincidence, huh? Could it be that what you told me was all that really happened?"



Chapter 136 No options
Vicente tried to keep his expression as neutral as possible when he heard the threatening words of Nina's teacher. But he defended himself against these accusations in a threatening tone. "That means nothing. Having weapons similar to this group is not enough to say that we are related. What's to say we didn't get the weapons from the same place?"
Shelby smiled when she heard that. "Hmm, true. That could happen. But don't you think it's quite a coincidence that Cesar's group showed up right after you moved to Millfall? With the same weapons, by the way..."
Watching this woman argue while looking into Vice's eyes, Eve felt a sweat form on her back and felt a little nervous.
This orange-haired woman had just shown them that she knew who they were!
If she were an enemy, this could make their situation very difficult!
Even if Vicente could find reasons to protect himself, suspicion would be enough for the local groups to attack him.
He knew this and was naturally quite tense as he looked into the eyes of the smiling woman in front of him.
'The previous incident can't be linked to me because not only did we leave no clues, but the sound of my weapons firing is very similar to the sound of some special abilities.' Vicente thought back to the attack on Defiant Tyranny and why the firing of his men's weapons had caused him no problems so far.
But if these groups started looking into Vicente's past instead of Cesar's identity, as Shelby had done, they would quickly realize the coincidences surrounding the two.
'Damn it!' He realized the huge problem in front of him. 'There really are too many coincidences! If someone manages to connect me with Cesar and investigate my past, I'll be in trouble.'
"What do you want to forget this, Miss Staples?" He asked with a more serious expression.
Hearing that, Shelby felt a shiver run through her body and realized that she had to be careful from now on.
She wouldn't underestimate Vicente. From what she had heard, Cesar was extremely powerful even though he was only an Apprentice. As far as she knew, he should be stronger than her.
Then she said. "Mr. Fuller, don't get carried away. As I said, I care a lot about Nina, and I don't want to put her life in danger. I just want to know what really happened with Sean Irwin. He and I have a history. I want to know if the bastard is just missing or dead.
I swear that whatever I hear from you will not get out to anyone else."
Judging by Vicente's weapons and Sean's personality, she was pretty sure that Irwin had acted against Vice and died at the hands of this black-haired young man.
Vicente thought for a moment and said. "I killed him. I found him in my house threatening my girlfriend." He pointed at Eve. "And trying to steal my things. Not having many options against a noble, I used my skill and put a bullet in his head. He died that way."
She smiled when she heard that. "But he was seen leaving your residence... Did you kill him afterward?"
"No. He was already dead when he left my residence. I moved his body with my skill." Vicente did not hide it. He knew that he was in the hands of this woman.
He had not yet found a way out of this problem, so he did what she wanted and answered her questions.
But when he looked at her thoughtfully, Shelby burst out laughing and said.
"That bastard deserved it! It's good to know the worm is dead! Too bad it wasn't me who did it." A strange look appeared on Shelby's face, and Eve more or less understood this woman.
As a woman of refined appearance and seductive body, Eve knew the dangers that existed in this world for people like herself and Shelby. Seeing the look on this noblewoman's face, similar to the one she had seen on her older sister once in the past, Eve knew that this noblewoman had been through something terrible.
'Don't tell me that...'
While Eve thought about a possible rape attempt and Vice tried to find a way out of this passive situation, Shelby said after she finished laughing.
"Vicente, thank you for telling me this. You don't know how important this information is to me." She said before adding. "As for the things I told you, I had to get you to talk... I felt you had acted against him, so I had to force you. But I have no intention of revealing anything that could hurt Nina. So you don't have to see me as an enemy."
"Is that so?" Vice asked, but he found it hard to believe.
The way she had threatened him was rather disturbing. Besides, Vice didn't like it when people had power over him.
"Yes. As proof that I have no intention of harming you, I will give you a tip." She said before taking a card out of her clothes and showing it to Vicente. "Find the person behind this card. It will help you make the information about you disappear in Martell Village."
Vicente looked at the card, where a black dagger was drawn on a white card, with the name Casey Rogers written underneath. There was nothing else on the card.
"How does this help me? Is Miss Staples by any chance pointing me to a killer for a massacre?" Vicente asked seriously.
She smiled at Vice's ignorance and said. "Mr. Fuller, you underestimate my contacts. As much as I despise the aristocracy, some people work for aristocratic families who are very good at what they do.
Casey is a professional investigator, capable of changing the world's truth for those he works against. If you can pay his price, I am sure it will be impossible for someone like me to connect you to Cesar in no time.
This is my apology to you. I hope you don't think of me as just another dirty nobleman because of what happened a few moments ago. She said as she stood up and waved her hand before turning back to her class.
"See you later, Mr. Fuller. I want to talk about 'our mutual friend.' I'm very curious to know his goals, haha." She said as she entered the classroom, causing Vicente and Eve to stare at her for a while without moving.
 "What do we do now? Are the things she said reliable?" Eve asked Vicente in a low voice, worried.
Vicente had his suspicions, but having already heard from many of the local nobles, he said. "As far as I know, this woman has problems with several of Millfall's noble heirs. I hear she's engaged to the Viscount's son, but also that she doesn't like her situation at all..."
'Perhaps she is trustworthy?' He wondered, feeling that if she was an unhappy rebel whose life was dictated to her by others, there was a chance that she would not harm him.
Of course, he couldn't trust her blindly and could only give her the benefit of the doubt for now since he really had no other choice.
He sighed and said. "Let's see what this name brings us. If he can solve this problem, I will trust this woman not to harm us."
"What if this is a trap?" Eve worried.
"I'll go alone." He said as they were already leaving the academy. "Whether it is a trap or not, I have no choice. Our only option is to continue our plans to get stronger and try to check it out."
Vicente then infused his mana into the card, a special device that worked like a map connected to the person behind it, probably Casey.
When he did that, Vicente felt something 'calling' him about 5 kilometers north of his current position.
When he looked in that direction, Eve was still worried and asked. "What about the Irwin family business?"
"The Irwin family is the least of our worries, Eve," Vice said seriously. "Don't worry about that. If Shelby moves against us, it's Defiant Tyranny we have to worry about, not Baron Irwin's family.
Anyway, go home. I'll take care of this now."
With that, he parted from Eve and headed north, but still with Shelby's words in his mind.
She had said she wanted to know their mutual friend's goal. Vicente was no fool and knew it was Cesar.
'I hope this woman doesn't get in my way.' He thought as he walked at a brisk pace toward his destination.
After 5 minutes, Vicente arrived at a building in an area away from the center of Millfall, where there seemed to be a tavern and some apartments on 2 floors.
He looked around and quickly climbed the stairs to the first level of the apartments, where he felt his target was.
Just as he was about to knock on one of the three doors on that floor, it opened, and a man with black hair and bronze-colored skin appeared.



Chapter 137 Caseys Ability
When Vicente saw the man with bronze-colored skin, black hair, round eyes, a big nose, and thick lips, but with a Magic Gem in the shape of a green eye, he immediately asked.
"Are you Casey Rogers?"
Looking at the strange gem on Vicente's forehead, this man with several tattoos all over his body said nothing for a moment before asking.
"Why are you holding Shelby Staples' card?"
Vicente saw that he was in the right place and explained. "Miss Staples gave me this card this morning. She told me to find Mr. Rogers because he could help me solve a problem."
Hearing this, the man made way for Vicente and walked ahead of him into the apartment. "Close the door for me, Vicente Fuller."
Hearing his name called by that man, Vicente immediately narrowed his eyes and stopped, not knowing how such a person knew his name.
"How do I know that?" He asked as Vicente was about to open his mouth. "No, Shelby Staples didn't tell me about you."
This man's unique ability was what was behind his position in this society and why Shelby had sent Vice there.
Even though he lived in a modest-looking place, this level 4 Acolyte before Vicente was respected by all his clients, and instead of going to them, his clients, noble or not, had to go to him.
He said. "I can read memories and change them at will with my powers."
Vicente became even more serious when he heard about such a ridiculous ability. "Are you serious?" He asked, moving his mana around his head to protect himself. "But how is that possible? I haven't seen your Magic Pentagrams!"
Some special powers did not need to reveal their pentagram to be activated!
In this man's case, the "third" eye on his face was not only his Magic Gem but also where his Magic Pentagrams appeared.
If one were not very attentive and sensitive to mana, one would not even see the signs that this man was using his abilities.
Casey sat and looked at Vicente, seeing yet another person react the same way upon meeting him. "I'm not going to explain how my ability works, kid. But rest assured, I can only see basic things about a person. Like their name, their age, and their background. To see someone's secrets or deeper things would take a lot of effort on my part, and you would notice that."
Hearing this, Vicente did not hesitate to close the apartment door, thinking it made sense.
An Acolyte with such power shouldn't be able to see a person's whole life with only one level more of magic and without showing any signs. If that were possible, it would be frightening.
Coming back to his senses, Vicente understood why Shelby had sent him there.
"What are you doing here, Vicente Fuller?"
As he sat down in front of this man, the only one in this luxurious apartment that was completely different from the outside of this building, Vicente answered the man's question. "I would like you to help me delete some information about myself. I recently moved from Martell Village to Millfall. I want you to go to the village and make sure that no one else knows about the weapons that I use."
There were no stronger people than this man in Martell Village, so Vicente felt that he was fully capable of solving this problem with such impressive skill.
Casey understood what the young man wanted and thought about how difficult it would be to make an entire village forget such a thing.
"How many people in this village know about this?" He asked.
"Dozens, maybe over 200," Vicente said, knowing that few had seen him with weapons in public, but several had talked to others about it.
"That's a lot of people. What's their average strength?"
"Most are Apprentices. There are a few Acolytes in the village. And there are several warriors who don't have Magic Gems." Vicente explained.
"In that case, it won't be that difficult, though it will be tedious," Casey said.
Warriors, people without Magic Gems but with magicians' strength, could challenge even Mages in physical combat if they reached the peak. In addition, warriors could not continuously increase their strength and lagged behind in combat skills.
But that was in terms of physical combat. If a magician used spells or special abilities, it could be very complicated for these warriors to protect themselves!
The lack of gems made them very vulnerable to powers that affected the mind, such as Casey's special powers.
He then said after doing some calculations in his head. "Very well, I can help you. The cost will be 50 gold coins. I'll do the job in a week at the most after payment if you're in a hurry."
Casey had other jobs in mind, but he realized Vicente's level of concern and naturally adjusted the price of his services to serve him more quickly.
This amount of gold coins was high for Vicente, but for someone with a deadly dangerous problem for him and his group, this was an amount he sincerely agreed to pay to resolve the situation.
Still, Vice couldn't help but clench his fists, feeling the weight of spending so much on a problem he hadn't even considered until this morning.
 'I have to do this. Maybe I can protect Nina through this guy.' He looked into the man's black eyes and said. "Very well. I agree50 gold coins. I can pay you this afternoon. Can you assure me that you will have it done in a week at the most?"
"Of course. It will take me that long because there are so many people. But the ones who are most likely to cause you trouble will have already lost the memories you want to be erased within 3 days at the most after payment." Casey said.
He still didn't know that Vicente was Cesar, the wanted man with a reward of 200 gold coins under his head. But he could sense that Vicente was dangerous.
Looking at some of the memories of this person moments ago, he shuddered as if a monster was looking at him from inside Vicente.
With that in mind, he would not make empty promises to such a person and is determined to keep such an agreement with Vicente.
With that, the two of them would quickly establish the rules of this service and sign an agreement.
In Polaris Realm, every deal was confirmed by agreements. After all, one person would hardly trust another to the point of revealing vital information about themselves in a service like this. But without information, such services would not be possible.
Vicente knew he could get away with doing business with a man who would eventually find out about his relationship with guns and the bounty on his head. So, there was no way he could agree to pay 50 gold coins without such a deal to protect him.
After a few minutes of talking with Casey, he and this professional signed such an agreement, with both sides protecting each other and ensuring that neither could threaten the other for this service.
Magical contracts were easy to make. All you needed was a pen and paper; both parties should use their mana to write down their terms. The final signature had to be made with an oath to the heavens, which closed the contract between the parties and could bring heavy punishments for the one who did not keep the agreement.
When that was done, Vicente looked at Casey and thanked him, promising to come back later with the coins.
Casey didn't bother much with that, confident he would get his resources from Vicente. He didn't work for everyone. Only those referred by former clients had a chance of hiring him or knowing of his skills.
If Shelby had given Vicente her card, it meant she trusted or believed in the potential of this young Apprentice.
'Let me see what I can find out about you, Vincent Fuller. Maybe this job can connect me with someone promising.' He thought to himself, not at all eager for the coins.
As someone with a rare magical form, Casey needed resources far more than ordinary people. As talented as he was, the rarity of his gem was also reflected in the resources that could positively affect him.
So, while Vicente was leaving, this man soon began to prepare his things to leave for Martell Village later that day.
...
After leaving the Casey estate, Vicente felt a little less uncomfortable about his morning meeting with Nina's teacher.
Wanting to solve the problem in Martell Village as soon as possible, he quickly had one of his men bring him the 50 gold coins from his headquarters.
Later that day, he would pay Casey for his services and return to his daily activities in the field, continuing with his previous plans while awaiting the results.
The next seven days would be crucial to his future in Millfall!



Chapter 138 General Contamination
Two days later...
That afternoon, Vicente went to see Nova again after receiving a message from her that she had something for him.
When he left home, Vicente went straight to his house, avoiding contact with his people or even passing through his territory.
Over the past few days, things had become more complicated for his group. The number of people investigating him had increased greatly, and several assassins tried to act against Vice's men to learn his identity.
As a result, after the Defiant Tyranny bandits' actions had subsided, the number of battles in his faction's territory again increased, with several enemy deaths occurring in recent days.
Most of those who decided to act were low-level Acolytes. By underestimating Vicente's men due to these guards' low magic level, many were surprised and killed.
Because some of them had acted in secret, the news hadn't spread, and several assassins had died before the others searching for Vicente realized there was a problem with using force against this faction.
But the group had lost 1 of its Acolytes and 4 Senior Apprentices in these attacks until the tensions around the group eased a bit.
But after one of those men was interrogated by the enemies in search of Vicente's head, the attacks stopped, as the enemies realized there was no point in attacking these people who wouldn't tell them anything.
Still, the pressure on the group grew, with several observers watching their actions, whether from real forces or underworld groups.
With so many eyes watching them, Vicente's men could hardly keep in touch with their boss!
Fortunately, their operation was still running, and they had wisely used their coins to buy resources for their men.
As a result, despite losing 5 men in the last few days, the group had increased its average strength a bit more with new Senior Apprentices and 2 new Acolytes.
In any case, Vicente was worried. For now, he could live in peace with Nina and Eve, but that might change soon. Until Casey came back with results, his family would be in danger!
Anyway, when he arrived at Nova's door, he quickly greeted her with a kiss on the cheek before sitting down in the living room.
"Vice, I called you here today because of what you sent me earlier," Nova said when he saw what was on his friend's mind.
At their last meeting, Vice had informed her about the nobles he was in contact with before they had exchanged caresses again.
Today, she already had the data of those noble families connected to Vicente.
"What did you find out?" He asked, becoming more serious as he remembered the names he had given this woman.
Among the contacts Vicente had given Nova, he had mentioned some names of powers he didn't want to get involved with. Since she would help him discover relationships between nobles and powers in the local underworld, there was no reason why he shouldn't take the opportunity to find out more dirty details about these families.
"The names you gave me are worrying." She said in a deep tone, concerned about the situation of Vice's allies. "Almost all of them have strange histories connected to the two most dangerous factions in Millfall.
I'd be especially wary of the Fisher, Irwin, and Ross families. But even the Staples and Allan families have strange records in the army..." She looked at Vicente differently. "I can't give you proof, but these families seem to be connected to the main supporters of the Scarlet Syndicate and the Defiant Tyranny."
Hearing this, Vicente made an even uglier face and asked in an offended tone. "But that's terrible. Almost all of them are compromised. Why do so many nobles have their names associated with vile organizations, and the army does nothing about it?"
Nova understood Vicente's frustration and sighed. "It's complicated... Some would say accepting these criminal groups is the only way to keep order in the chaos. Unfortunately, we can't be everywhere. Others would say that it's simply out of our control and that this is an evil we must get used to.
But I honestly believe that this is just a reflection of the greed of the nobles. Unfortunately, they have a lot of influence in the Martial Court, Vice."
She lowered her head in shame after saying these words.
The army had no evidence against these families, so even honest people couldn't use it to take action. But stories were circulating in the corridors of the barracks and even in some books that showed that things had happened between these nobles and local criminals.
Soldiers who sold their information destroyed the evidence they collected. Still, they didn't always keep quiet about what they knew in case of future problems.
Nova and the other soldiers knew about the dirty dealings of the local powers, but they couldn't do much about it.
Vicente heard this explanation, but he didn't need to learn it from Nova. He knew how the minds of the people involved in such situations worked.
His position was to get information, even without proof, so that he could act against these families. 'So all these powers have something to hide... It's not surprising.' He showed an angry expression to Nova, but inside, he thought calmly about what to do.
I can increase my threats against the local noble powers!
After a while, he stood up from where he was sitting and decided to leave.
Seeing how grumpy her friend was, Nova felt uncomfortable and held one of his hands. "I'm sorry I can't do more for you."
"You've done enough, Nova." He held her hand, grateful for the information. "Unfortunately, I don't know who this city's corrupt army soldiers are. Otherwise, I could seek help."
 "How?" Nova didn't understand exactly how he could get help.
"I have agreements with some of these compromised nobles that cannot be broken without proof. But while I have these agreements with them, I can be harmed if they fall. One way or another, I supply products to these people...
The only way I can protect myself is to get proof that they have violated the principles of our agreements and compromised things. If I had contact with dishonest soldiers, I could get enough to break those agreements without punishment."
"If that's what you need to protect yourself, I can help you," Nova said while Vicente smiled with his back to her.



Chapter 139 Local Movements
After talking to Nova, Vicente got the contact information of half a dozen Captains of the royal army in Millfall who fit his needs. That is, corrupt people with a bad track record within the organization, the kind that people like that blue beauty kept their distance from.
With the names of these soldiers in mind, Vicente left Nova's house with plans that were a little different from what he had told her.
Vicente had no agreements with these families, so he had no reason to look for ways to break contracts that didn't exist. What he wanted was much simpler!
...
Later that day, night had already fallen on Millfall when one of Vicente's men appeared at the door of one of the names he had received from Nova earlier.
Pa! Pa!
After a few hard knocks on the door of the house in front of him, the level 1 Acolyte sent by Vicente saw a noise coming from behind the door and narrowed his eyes under his mask.
"You..." A tall, strong man, shirtless, with a yellow gem on his forehead, immediately recognized the man sent by Cesar and frowned.
He pulled out a weapon and jumped back twice, knowing that members of factions like Cesar's group often killed people like him.
"What are you doing here, you bastard?" He said in a louder tone, putting aside the drowsiness of a few moments ago when the knocking at his front door had awakened him.
"Don't get upset, Joel Grant. Let's talk. I'm here for my boss, Cesar." A mana-distorted voice said this, not surprising the man.
"Huh! And why should I listen to you? You're under the command of someone wanted by the army!"
"I'll give you five gold coins to listen to me, Joel Grant." The masked man threw a bag of coins toward such a level 3 Acolyte.
The names that Vice had asked Nova for were so that he would know who within the local army would be most likely to work for him!
There were two ways to approach people like these corrupt soldiers. The first was to threaten them, and the second was to buy them.
The first had a big problem: it made people hate you, and you always had to have something to stand on. Vicente was willing to use this when necessary, and some of his men had already threatened groups of local nobles. But he would rather buy off individuals like that if he had the chance and the power.
As someone with a large family and an ordinary talent for the army, as well as someone with a long history of corrupt action, Joel hesitated when he felt the coins in his hands.
It was expensive to have a family and be their sole breadwinner!
He let his guard down and said. "What do you want?"
The man smiled from under his mask and said. "My group will pay you and those with you 50 gold coins. All you have to do is get a group together and do the following..."
He quickly explained Vicente's plan and put a twinkle in the soldier's eye because the job didn't seem difficult at all.
...
Meanwhile, other men of Vicente's group took advantage of the time of night when they didn't have to work as guards in the stores in their faction's territory and were at the doorsteps of other corrupt soldiers.
Their purpose was the same as that of the previous man. To get people from the army to carry out a specific operation that Vicente had devised to solve his local problems.
As Vicente had predicted, all the names mentioned by Nova would agree to listen to the words of his men tonight and eventually return to their base after hearing more or less similar answers from these soldiers.
"We'll try to do that in the next few days." That's what they all said, with slight variations in words and tone.
Meanwhile, some local nobles who had already been threatened by Vicente's men in the previous days didn't know what to do about their current delicate situation.
From the information Vicente's men had given them, they had evidence that could harm them. At the same time, the faction growing on the eastern side of the city could be eliminated at any moment.
As such, many were unsure whether to do nothing and wait for Defiant Tyranny, the army, and the many assassins to deal with Vicente or to follow Vice's recommendations and withdraw their support for that group.
But so far, no one had made up their minds, and for the moment, Vice and Rory's group were bearing the full brunt of the local powers that were angered by their recent actions.
...
At the army barracks in Millfall, the Commander was in his training room, using all his strength to crush his training partner, a special 3rd-garde dummy.
As he did so, some of his trusted men stood around, waiting for him to finish his current workout to bring him up to speed on some recent matters.
But as they watched him train, they couldn't help but notice how angry the Commander was.
"I feel sorry for anyone who 'steps' on the boss's toes these days..." A middle-aged man commented with an amused smile.
 Meanwhile, one of the older men there, gray-haired with a beard and mustache, had a determined look on his face as he looked at his leader, with whom he had lived for more than 40 years.
'Those bastards! They dared to threaten us!' This man, number two in this royal army post, thought to himself, remembering the threats that had forced the Commander to order his Captains to hunt down Cesar.
'But they'll pay! Once we have Cesar's head, everything will change.' The man's eyes lit up as he looked down at one of his hands, which held a red coin bearing the symbol of a local group.
'We just have to wait until the two-week period is over. In that time, our friends will have the weapons of this group, and we'll cleanse the city of Cesar's group!' After that, it will only be a matter of time before our new friends deal with you Defiant Tyranny bastards!
...
As the local powers slowly moved in different directions, the night passed, and a new day slowly dawned over Millfall.
That morning, Vicente left home early and soon found himself in the wealthiest part of the city, outside the residence of a local noble family.
'Let me see what I can do here...'



Chapter 140 Betraying the Family
As he made his way to the mansion's entrance, Vicente was soon stopped by one of the guards.
"Senior, I'm Vicente Fuller, and I'm here to see Miss Shelby Staples." He introduced himself, causing the level 7 warrior to look at him in silence, assessing him.
But from time to time, Shelby received friends and local contacts at her residence, so Vicente's appearance there wasn't that strange.
After a moment of silence, the old warrior in black armor motioned for him to wait near the front door of the Staples' home.
As he waited there, Vice's eyes narrowed as he thought of the actions for the good of his family taking place simultaneously in Millfall and Martell Village.
'I'll have results soon...' He thought before seeing a red-haired beauty dressed as a maid approaching him.
"Mr. Fuller, please, this way." She smiled at him and led the way.
Vicente followed Shelby's servant for a few yards until they reached a garden at the side of the mansion, where the beautiful young woman with the orange hair was sitting at a stone table, drinking tea.
"Don't you have classes today?" Vicente asked as he saw Shelby's beautiful eyes.
She looked at her favorite student's older brother and smiled. "My class has martial arts today... You don't seem to be paying as much attention to your sister as you should, Mr. Fuller. Are you too busy with your domineering activities?"
Vicente made an ugly face when he heard that and looked at the woman, feeling that it was absurd for her to say that in the presence of that yellow magical gem servant.
"I knew I shouldn't trust you."
Shelby laughed and said. "Please, Mr. Fuller, you insult me like that. Molly is the person I trust most in all of Millfall. She knows everything I'm involved in."
Meanwhile, the red-haired woman stopped next to Shelby and smiled at Vice while she had her hands behind her back.
"Sit down, please. Let's talk." Shelby nodded toward the stone seat on the other side of the table.
Vicente didn't refuse and was soon in front of her. "What do you want?"
"Do you like chess, Mr. Fuller?" She ignored his question as she studied the board in front of her.
"I know how to play, but I don't usually have time for it," Vice replied, more concerned about what he had to say to this woman.
He knew she wanted to question him about his actions under the name of Cesar. But why she was interested in that, he had yet to find out.
But after receiving Casey's contact from this woman, Vicente hoped to get something positive out of it even though he didn't trust her.
"Let's play while we talk." She said, quickly arranging the game pieces and giving Vicente a chance to make the first move.
Vicente hadn't played for a while, but he knew how to play and soon moved one of his pieces to create a trap for his opponent.
Seeing this, while deciding which piece to move first, Shelby asked. "Did you look for Casey?"
"Yes, he's already in Martell Village working... I have to say. I didn't expect to meet someone like him. With such a special magic form, I wouldn't doubt that we all live under a lie invented by someone with the same ability but of a higher level." He commented, paying attention to the options in front of him.
Shelby nodded her head in agreement. "I don't doubt it. Casey can become very influential and help nobles even more with his skills. He may be unable to create a whole world of lies, but hiding a few dirty secrets wouldn't be difficult for him."
"That worries me. How do we deal with powers that have access to people like that?"
Shelby narrowed her eyes and became more serious when she heard that from Vicente.
"That's why I want to contact you, Mr. Fuller. Casey is on the side of my family and our allies. But I don't know if that's necessarily good for me or you. Besides, people with fantastic abilities like his do exist in our world.
I worry about people like that, too, and who they work for."
"And you think I can do anything about it?" Vicente took his eyes off the chessboard and looked into Shelby's.
"Maybe not against them. But you can bring chaos into the peaceful lives of these corrupt nobles." She said in a deep, resentful tone.
Shelby hated the nobility, even though she was the daughter of a Baron. Not only had she already suffered attempted abuse, but she had also been promised to a man before she was even born, and her life had been marked by defeats for the sake of the nobility.
Her mother had died at the hands of the nobles, her father had "sold" her for his own gain, and her siblings lived either in greed for power or in disgrace from suffering from their positions.
As much as the lives of people in their positions seemed easy, many had no great advantage in being born into their families. On the contrary, most of them inherited nothing and usually had to sacrifice themselves for the sake of the family name and its heir.
Women had to marry in arranged marriages. Men had to serve their older brother somehow, go into the army, make connections, you name it.
 But while they had these many responsibilities, many of them were hated by the common people because the common people saw all the nobility as one.
From a young age, they had to watch out for people who might try to act against them, people who might try to take advantage of the opportunities they had, or people who might try to harm their parents.
Life for non-heirs was not as easy as one might imagine!
Shelby hated her family, especially her father.
"With the name of Cesar, you can bring down houses, bring flames of chaos to the nobles of Millfall. Vicente, if you're willing to help me, I'll keep your secret and help you take over this town.
But I want the honor of cutting off the head of Marcus Symons." She said as she looked emotionally into his eyes. "To help you, I'm even willing to jeopardize my family's plans and make trouble for my siblings."
Vice frowned as he stared at her in silence, seeing that these were not empty words, much less lies.
"Why me? Why don't you look for others?" He asked.
She answered without hesitation. "Because you and I are already in the same boat, and I see potential in you."



Chapter 141 Unexpected Alliance
Weapons like the ones Vicente and his group used didn't exist in the Polaris Realm like the items this young earthling used. However, some items were similar to them in terms of usefulness.
Shelby knew this, and because she knew the difference between Vicente's items, which were destructive even in the hands of weak men, she felt that he could go far with help and a little luck.
Vicente's magic form is quite powerful, and he still had Rory on his side, a young man with green talent who could quickly become an Acolyte.
Shelby knew quite a bit about this group from the research she had done before meeting Vicente and had chosen this young man to develop her plans.
He seemed to have the audacity to do the things she wanted, which was why she was with him and had helped him with Casey.
"Mr. Fuller, you lost your family because of these arrogant individuals who don't mind riding roughshod over others and using the weaker ones as they please. The nobles are no different from the Sovereigns who caused your mother's death. They act the same way, but they do it much more often.
Join me, and we'll rebel against the order of things in Millfall!"
Vicente listened silently and made another move on the chessboard, understanding this woman's motives.
She might want to choose her own fate and take revenge on some of her enemies. It was understandable. Not everyone needed to lose their parents to crave blood and mayhem.
In possession of relevant information and in contact with a man like him, Shelby could really do whatever she wanted and bring a storm to this city with ease.
Vicente then said. "I can help you. If, and only if, you make a Magical Agreement with me. I don't want to risk you telling the truth about me out there." He looked at the redhead beside Shelby.
"Of course. If you talk about my goals out there, even my father would be ready to chop my head off." Shelby said to Vicente.
He then asked her. "What about your siblings? Don't you love your family, Miss Staples?"
"I do. And I care for my younger siblings." She sighed. "But the life of a nobleman or a member of royalty differs from that of an ordinary person, Mr. Fuller. From a young age, we are taught things that make it difficult for such feelings to arise or develop.
My siblings would be willing to sell me as a breeding mare if they could profit from it.
I wish I could love them more, but I have to love myself first."
Vicente loved his family and was willing to sacrifice himself for Nina and even Lauren, even though he didn't know where she was or what she was doing.
But he wasn't a limited person, incapable of understanding the differences he had with other people. He fully understood that not every father loved his children, and not every sibling would be willing to do anything for their siblings.
"All right. So what do we do now? You must have plans for this, right? I wasn't planning on bringing chaos to Millfall until now." Vicente changed his tone, ready to move on.
"I do, but first, let's talk about you. What has Cesar been up to lately?" She smiled at him and finished the game, beating him.
Vicente knew he had to train harder to beat this woman, but he didn't mind. "He's hiding, of course. It's hard for someone like him to go out on the streets with such a high price on his head... But soon, he'll show himself again."
"Oh? Are his plans to change the current situation working?" She asked him.
"Yes. You'll soon see their effects. Things will happen before his latest deal with the Scarlet Syndicate expires."
"Good. Don't interfere with what you've already planned." She said, aware that she couldn't act with Vicente to create chaos for her targets right now.
"My plans depend on him overcoming the problem with Defiant Tyranny. So, I don't intend to act on them for now. But if he needs any assistance, I'm at his disposal." She said before taking a sheet of paper and a pen from a spatial storage item.
"Maybe his plans will hurt the Staples family a little," Vice said, looking seriously into the orange-haired beauty's eyes.
She paused momentarily and looked at the paper in front of her but didn't bother. Just don't be too aggressive. I need my influence to get my plans off the ground."
"Don't worry." Vicente smiled before agreeing with Nina's teacher on how their relationship would work.
After they both signed the Magical Agreement, Vicente asked some questions about what Shelby knew about his family and things that could help him solve his current problems.
Once that was settled, he got up to leave and said. "I intend to settle my affairs with Defiant Tyranny and leave Millfall for some time soon after."
"Leave? Why?"
"I will be looking for Magic Pentagrams compatible with me and my staff." He answered Shelby while he was already walking beside her to the exit of this residence.
"Then I'll wait for your return. You'd better have your second pentagram when we start our plans." She didn't find that strange and readily agreed that he would have to do that.
When they arrived outside the mansion, a man watching from a distance frowned when he saw an unaccompanied man standing beside Shelby.
'Who is this one?' He wondered, this being the first time he had seen Shelby with Vicente.
 "The young master won't like this at all." Another person commented to the person keeping an eye on Vice and Shelby.
"We should tell him. The young master hates it when men approach Miss Staples."
With that, one of the two left to dispatch the information to Shelby's fianc while the other kept an eye on the orange-haired woman's movements.
As Marcus Symons' fiance, to say that she was a possession of the Symons family was no exaggeration! They had to keep an eye on her and make sure she didn't tarnish their noble name!
'I'll investigate this boy later.' The man thought about what he would do when his companion returned. 'But I hope he's not another fool trying to get close to the young lady!'
Meanwhile, Vicente had no idea what he had gotten himself into. As soon as he said goodbye to Shelby, he returned to his estate in the town center.



Chapter 142 100%
Vicente was in his training room hours later, finishing another hour of practice with his hammer.
After doing so, Vicente suddenly felt a different sensation in his body. He once again felt as if restraining chains had been quickly removed from him.
He ignored the muscle fatigue he usually felt when he had to train with the hammer and looked at the last piece of ore waiting for him to use it.
As the glowing red pentagram appeared in front of one of his hands, Vice focused all of the mana in his body on the approximately 150-kilogram piece of rock.
In an instant, he felt the weight of extracting metal from a piece of ore. Still, this sensation was much lighter than the one he had felt a few days ago when he had done it for the first time under Benson's supervision.
Feeling a tremendous weight, but more than 80% weaker than the one he had felt that day under Benson's supervision, Vicente quickly moved the metal particles in the ore into the center of the stone.
The stone violently shook as he did so, cracking at every corner and making noises loud enough to be heard by people outside the house.
After two minutes, Vicente saw the stone collapse in front of him, this time in a very different way than the first time in front of Benson. Instead of the stone splitting into two halves with a metal ball in the middle, the stone broke into more than 30 small pieces. In contrast, a large ball with a radius of 60 centimeters floated in the air.
Vice saw the remains of the mineral fall to the ground and looked at the metal object, which contained three different metals.
Noticing this, Vice quickly separated them into pure metal bars before flying them to the corner of this area, where several bars of different colors were gathered in six different piles.
These were the metals that Vicente had been accumulating since he began this special training Benson showed him, metals he had been saving for the moment he reached the peak of his first stage as a blacksmith.
Vicente was curious about making a new weapon, but being tired, he decided to meditate first and recover the mana he had used up in the last hour.
After feeling that his regenerated power was getting stronger and stronger, approaching the middle of the Senior Apprentice level, he didn't hesitate to create some of those metal bars.
He quickly produced each component of a long-range rifle, forming them according to the new techniques he had learned, but much faster than he had done in front of Benson days ago.
Vicente also created some new bullets until 5 minutes after he finished his rest, he took the pieces of his gun and quickly connected them, forming a beautiful black rifle about 1.5 meters long.
This weapon was heavy, weighing about 15 kilograms.
But in the hands of a 1st-grade blacksmith, its weight felt like that of a pen.
Vicente picked it up and pointed it in the direction of the rifle scope he had in the training area. But when he assessed his weapon and saw the level it had reached, he didn't have the heart to fire it from where he was.
Gulp!
'If I do that, I'll bring down the house and attract the attention of the local experts.' He thought as he felt a bead of sweat run down his forehead.
But seeing that the weapon was nearly 100% efficient, Vicente felt it could withstand the full power of Senior Apprentices like him.
He quickly put it in a box and left.
...
After a few minutes, Vicente noticed someone following him as he left Millfall to test his weapon.
After noticing this, he increased his speed towards the forest on the outskirts of town until he was on a tree.
Vicente realized that the man watching him had momentarily lost sight of him and quickly lay down on a log, pointing his weapon in the direction he had come.
'Let's see who you are...' He thought as he focused his mana into one of his eyes, keeping the other closed as he looked ahead.
Seeing a movement of leaves about a kilometer ahead, Vice moved his weapon and loaded it with ammunition.
'Is it an assassin?' He worried, but since he knew it was a level 3 Acolyte, he wouldn't fight him directly to ask.
He would still have a hard time fighting level 3 Acolytes, so with a clean shot at such an opponent, Vice didn't hold back in testing his new weapon. He put 90% of his mana in the weapon and pulled the trigger when the target was in the rifle's sight.
BOOOOM!
A sound similar to a cannonball being fired came from Vicente's gun as a six-inch bullet departed from the barrel of Vicente's rifle.
This bullet rotated on its axis as it flew forward, glowing in seven different colors as it appeared to be on fire.
The air around it exploded as it flew, creating a rather distinctive sound that spread thousands of feet from the shot.
Vicente barely saw the bullet move. One moment, he was pulling the trigger of his gun. The next, the bullet hit the enemy's neck.
 When it hit the body of that level 3 Acolyte, the man chasing Vicente had no chance to scream or react. The bullet pierced his neck, destroying that part of his body until his body continued to run forward, his head spinning in the air, detached from his moving corpse.
Vicente saw the power of his shot and was impressed, noting that although he had misfired a little, he had succeeded with the destructive power of his weapon.
'Phew! It had destroyed his entire neck, even the lower part of his head, and the upper part of his chest!'
He continued to look in that direction with only one eye, seeing what the rest of his body looked like for a second before he stopped moving properly and 'flipped' dozens of times across the ground, destroying several trees in the surrounding area.
Seeing that his enemy was dead, Vicente smiled and got up from where he was, looking at the gun in his hands with joy.
When he saw the smoke coming from the gun barrel, he closed his eyes and inhaled it.
"Ah, I love this feeling!"
With that, he walked towards the corpse, noticing that there was no one else in the area.
His expression quickly changed when he reached the headless body as he realized where this person had come from.
"Shit!"
'The damned Symons family!'
He swallowed his saliva as he realized who was following him, feeling cold sweat drip down his back.
Afraid of being associated with this death, he quickly destroyed this person's entire body and left immediately after, ensuring he would return to Millfall without being seen by anyone else.
Fearing that this would lead to complications for his group, Vicente returned to his house, anxious to produce weapons so that his group would have something to count on in case the powerful Symons family turned against them.
'Hell! Why did that bastard come after me?'
If remorse could kill, Vicente would definitely be between life and death right now!
Unfortunately, the milk had been spilled, and now he could only use what he had to contain the damage!
'Shit! I'll make about 10 weapons like this, and I'll send them to Rory. Then I'll go to Benson. If I can get the resources I need, I can produce weapons like this with 100% efficiency.'
According to Vicente's calculations, even though his weapon could withstand the power of a Senior Apprentice, it was still only 91% efficient.
If his top Senior Apprentices used all of their power on this new rifle version, it would probably still be damaged, even though it could withstand a lot of the power of such people.
With this in mind, Vicente was eager to get his license from the Blacksmiths' Association, an essential step for him to reach the peak of the 1st stage in his forging skills.
...
While Vicente was on his way, Marcus heard that someone had come to visit his beautiful fiance this morning.
"Who is this bastard? Who dares to approach my fiance?" He asked aloud to the man who had just told him about it after he left his training room.
"I don't know yet, young master. But one of our men is already after this person, while others of us are investigating his identity.
By the end of the next day, we'll have his name." The man from earlier said.
"Very well. Find out who the bastard is. After that, I want you to bring him to me. I'll teach him his place!" Marcus said, feeling his blood boiling and wanting to crush whoever it was.
He thought he'd made it clear to the local brats that none of them were to be around Shelby. But as it turned out, he had to show them who was boss in this town once again!



Chapter 143 Skills beyond the Necessary
The following day, the Viscount's family was already investigating the death of one of their men, while some men were searching for information about Vicente.
Having not yet discovered his full name and whereabouts, this group had not yet knocked on the doors of the Fuller residence.
Meanwhile, Vicente made weapons for some of the Senior Apprentices in his group, the most he could do with the resources he had at the moment.
After working almost all night on these weapons, he had reached a mana density that put him in the last half of his current magic level. When he had finished what he had to do, he used one of his communicators to alert his people that he would be leaving his new weapons at the facilities where his men worked every day.
He couldn't go to his headquarters and risk running into his people. But he could leave these weapons with his contractors, and they could deliver the new weapons to Vice's men.
There was no way anyone would know about it because Vice's new weapons were practically identical to the old ones, and everything would be done in secret.
When Vicente left his house in the morning, after wishing Nina a good day at school, he quickly drove to four establishments in his area, where he left the weapons he had produced.
He had finally managed to get some storage space the previous day before isolating himself in his house to produce these artifacts. That way, no one saw him walking through the local streets with boxes of weapons this morning.
After that, Vicente quickly made his way to his master's estate.
...
"Are you here already? How was your time with the materials I gave you?" Benson saw Vicente at his door and was surprised.
For someone with a Yellow talent, Vicente was a very fast learner!
If it had been any other of his students, Benson would not have expected to see results in less than three months. But in a matter of days, Vicente was probably out looking for more material.
Vicente saw his master, and as soon as he entered the building, he said. "I have finished reading the material and part of the training. I'm just a few points away from reaching the level needed to create artifacts with 100% efficiency, master."
"Oh?"
"That's why I came here this morning. I want help to finish mastering the 1st stage of forging and get my license from the Association." He said, already inside the building that looked like a warehouse.
Benson frowned when he heard that, and his lips curled. "Have you reached that level? How? You'd have to be a Senior Apprentice."
You didn't have to have a high level of magic to create efficient or pure things. It depended more on intelligence, creativity, and affinity than on mana itself. However, considering the short time Vice had started training in the forging art, it would be impossible for him to reach that level so quickly without a breakthrough.
Vice smiled and stopped hiding his magic level, showing his master that he had reached the Senior Apprentice level.
After noticing his disciple's cultivation, Benson's expression changed to a satisfied smile when he saw that this young man had easily passed through the 1st stage.
"I didn't expect that... Well, it doesn't matter how you did it. It's good that you got stronger." He said, knowing that everyone had their own secrets and it was not his right to question them.
"I want to see what your current ability is like Vice. As we improve the quality of our powers, we will naturally find it easier to create better things and understand the world around us.
But first, let me tell you that you don't need to reach 100% efficiency to obtain the Association's 1st-stage blacksmith license. If that were necessary, there would be almost no such blacksmiths in our world." He laughed when he saw the mistake his student had made.
"Huh?"
Benson explained. "Earlier, I told you that you needed to master that material to pass the Association's test. But I thought you'd only raise your efficiency to 60%. That's the minimum the Association requires of its 1st-stage blacksmiths.
You would reach that level of efficiency if you finished studying that material while you were still an Intermediate Apprentice. But after you raised your magic level, you should have surpassed it after your breakthrough."
Vicente's natural talent for forging was already high, Benson sensed. Even though not all Senior Apprentice blacksmiths could produce items with a high level of efficiency, that wasn't necessarily the case for Vicente.
In Benson's vision, if this young man applied himself, he could even dare to produce items for level 1 Acolytes before he even became an Acolyte!
The items' efficiency would probably be very low, but given his talents, he might be able to accomplish such a feat!
Realizing his mistake, Vicente learned that he could try to join the Association. "Then I can just go to..."
"No. First, I want to see what you've learned. I doubt you've assimilated everything in those books in such a short time." Benson said, pointing Vicente to the training area of his forge. "I want to see what you're capable of and help you correct inevitable mistakes before we go to the Association.
As much as I don't like to get involved in the Association's affairs, there are many benefits for new blacksmiths who join our group with a perfect score. So, let's make sure you can make something 100% efficient with a hammer before we take the Association test."
Benson saw Vice as the future of his projects. He wanted this black-haired young man to get the most out of joining the Association. At the same time, he wanted to see the look of shock on the faces of some of his companions when they saw his student reach the pinnacle of the 1st-stage at only 14 years of age.
Vicente then asked. "Won't I get in trouble? I don't want to attract attention, master."
"Do not worry. The Association's test is individual, and only some elders who evaluate new disciples know the results of each one. At the same time, you won't use your magical ability, so it's unlikely that anyone will know your origin from an extraordinary result." Benson said to ease his student's worries.
 "Anyway, let's get started. We can go to the Association this afternoon if you're quick enough."
"Yes, master," Vicente said, wasting no time in beginning to extract metals from ores, showing Benson how much he had improved since the last time he had come to this estate.
Eventually, he would use his skill to produce a sword, showing Benson an item with almost 95% efficiency.
After seeing his students' first actions, Benson gave Vicente some tips and showed him easier ways to create artifacts.
After resting from the first part of this test, Vicente would work with the hammer, finding it more challenging to create artifacts this way but still achieving 89% efficiency with the final product he would create.
This would all happen before noon, and in the early afternoon, Benson would show Vicente some alternative ways to solve his problems.
Once again, Vice would use the hammer in the afternoon, using the techniques Benson had refined to try to increase the quality of what he could produce.
As he did so, Vice felt his understanding of forging reach a new level and new avenues open up before him.
He finished his rest at the end of the afternoon, and Benson looked him in the eye.
"Vice, I can't tell you what quality the next artifact you produce will be. But with what I've seen you do this afternoon, I feel it's worth taking you to the Association as you are now." Benson said, confident his student could achieve 100% in the attempts he was allowed in this group of blacksmiths.
Considering how Vicente had improved over the last few hours, Benson was confident that his student would increase his understanding of the forging by the last of his attempts at the Association test.
Vicente looked at his master and clenched his fists, feeling how much he had improved. Although he was still a little short of producing items with 100% efficiency with his hammer, he was confident that he could do so with his skill.
Not only that, the quality of his powers was improving, and he already felt he could control even the metals in the Intermediate Apprentice's bodies.
'Good. Forging is the best way for me. Today's training with Benson has given me better results than all the combat training I've ever done.' Vicente thought as his master gave him some gifts.
"Vice, I know you're going to pass the Association test, so let me give you some congratulatory gifts." The old man said as he showed him a hammer with red inscriptions on it, but also a silver bracelet with some strange symbols on it.
Seeing this, Vicente narrowed his eyes and noticed the quality of these two items.



Chapter 144 Millfall Blacksmiths Association
'2nd-grade items?' Vicente immediately noticed the hammer's weight and the magical fluctuation from the silver bracelet.
Benson said. "I want you to save this hammer for when you reach the peak of the 1st stage. You're not far from reaching it, so it will be useful to you soon."
The importance of artifacts in everything in Polaris Realm was gigantic. A good artifact could make the manipulator's job much more manageable.
But good artifacts wouldn't turn poor talented people into experts. In a way, having a good artifact or tool was like having a good car.
Some good drivers did impressive things on Earth in simple, ordinary cars. However, some individuals had access to very rare cars with the best technology and features for a racing car. But with bad drivers behind the wheel, they could lose even to those with less impressive vehicles.
When it came to the artifacts in Polaris Realm, the relevance of the talent of the one who controlled such items was the same as that of the driver of a car in a race on Earth.
In the case of the hammer in Vicente's hands, it could help him produce resources of quasi-2nd-grade quality while he was still in the 1st stage.
With it, he could more easily understand some of the rules of forging and more quickly advance to the next level by preparing his mind and body.
Not only that, but he could produce 1st-grade items with it more easily than he could with his 1st-grade hammer.
Benson said. "As for this bracelet, it has a similar effect to a magic stone. But it's a support item specifically for blacksmiths. It only works when you are practicing your craft, and it only activates when you are close to exhaustion.
In any case, it can give you an extra 20 to 30 minutes of training, which will help speed up your understanding of the forging."
Just as mana increased with each level or magic level, the understanding required to create higher-quality items also increased exponentially with each tier.
As a result, any support item could make a massive difference in the lives of magicians like them.
Vicente heard this and immediately put the silver bracelet on one of his wrists, adjusting it so that it would be almost impossible for anyone to see it when he wasn't wearing it.
After thanking his master, he saw him lead the way to the Association. He just followed Benson, eager to get his license to buy the ores and metals he needed to arm his entire group with weapons with 100% efficiency.
...
Ten minutes after leaving the previous estate, Vicente and Benson were already in front of the Millfall Blacksmiths' Association building in the town center.
They stopped in front of the beautiful building of the Association, an organization present in practically every state of Polaris Empire, and got out of the carriage they had come in.
Benson's metal dummy drove the blacksmith's carriage into the building's parking lot while its creator walked alongside Vice to the main entrance.
As Vice walked alongside Benson, the man told him about the Association.
"Vice, the Association is one of the largest institutions on the continent. You can accomplish a lot here, even if you're not interested in becoming a well-known public figure.
By becoming a member of the Association, you will not only be able to work as a blacksmith anywhere on the continent, but you will also have access to resources, techniques, spells, and much more. You can even contact other high-level blacksmiths who can change your life.
As much as I am respected and considered an expert in Millfall, there are even 6th-stage blacksmiths in the association. If you can develop your talents to the peak, even hiring someone like that or getting advice from them is possible.
So don't underestimate this place. It may not be an influential post in the Association, but it will allow you to reach faraway places. You just have to worry about taking one step at a time here."
"I'll keep that in mind, master," Vicente said as he listened to Benson's introductory speech while he saw the people in the building looking at him and his master with interest.
Benson was one of the few 3rd-stage blacksmiths in Millfall. He was a member of the Council but also one of the most difficult men to see.
The moment he and Vicente passed the entrance to the Association, the guards in the area and the blacksmiths coming and going stopped to observe them.
'It seems that the old King is teaching a new student...'
'This young man has an extraordinary Magic Gem... But his talent is not impressive. Does he have a secret? Benson doesn't accept teaching ordinary people.'
Some level 4 and 5 Acolyte blacksmiths in the area looked at Vice with curiosity, knowing that this young man was not registered at this post.
There weren't many blacksmiths in Millfall. If one counts the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd stage blacksmiths, there should be less than 200 professionals in the city. Therefore, most of the members of the Association knew the blacksmiths registered at this post.
While the 1st-stage blacksmiths looked at Vicente with envy because most of them would like to be in his place and be a student of a 3rd-stage blacksmith, one of the council members in another part of the building sensed Benson's arrival.
"It looks like I'm going to see a disciple of our friend Benson King today." He commented in a low voice to another council member who was there today to handle some of the Association's day-to-day bureaucratic matters.
The other blacksmith, Henry Woodward, Luke's master and the first elder of the Millfall Blacksmiths' Association, heard this and said. "Would you like to accompany the Elder King? I have some business to attend to in my shop."
"Are you sure? Didn't Benson King challenge you a few years ago after that trouble?" The other 3rd-stage magician asked.
 "I'm not interested," Henry nonchalantly said, confident that Benson would never surpass him and reach the 4th stage, as he had said on that fateful day when they had almost fought over a disciple.
"All right, I'll accompany this boy's test. After all, Benson always brings good talents to the association."
Meanwhile, Benson and Vicente arrived at the area where new blacksmiths registered with the institution, where tests were held every day in the early evening to issue new blacksmith licenses.



Chapter 145 Registering with the Association
Arriving at the registration area for new blacksmiths, Benson saw the doorway open in front of him.
There was no line for the initial registration of new blacksmith candidates. The line was only for the 3 tests each blacksmith had to pass to be approved to join the association.
Stepping up to one of the three Association officials on hand to register those interested in taking today's test, Benson said. "Enroll my student. Deduct the cost of his enrollment from my merit points."
Immediately upon hearing these dry words, one of the officials began to register Vicente, collecting the young man's data but not charging him anything.
There was a fee of 1 gold coin for new blacksmiths to attempt the Association's exam.
Many young apprentice blacksmiths tried several times to get their licenses because not everyone could improve their skills as quickly as Vicente. However, blacksmiths needed to get a license to sell their items and earn their own coins.
Due to the number of young people constantly trying to pass the exam, the Association charged a fee, not only for the service rendered but also to discourage some young people from coming to the place daily.
However, the council members could exchange some of their merit points for the right to test their students, so Vice wouldn't have to pay anything for today.
After Vice gave that official his basic information, he said. "Young man, you are number 9 today. You'll have to wait your turn when the tests start." This man pointed to a black screen where red lights formed the symbol 0, indicating that the tests had not yet begun.
Vicente nodded and listened. "Do you know what you'll need to pass the Association's exam?"
"No."
The official explained while Benson was already talking to some elders in the area and people he hadn't seen for months.
"Well, the Association's license exam has three tests. In each of them, you have up to 30 minutes to meet the minimum requirements.
If you fail to meet the minimum requirement on one or more of these tests, you will be disqualified and will have to come back here in the future to retake the exam."
"What is the minimum requirement to pass?" Vice asked casually.
"60%. Whatever you're asked to do has to be at least 60% efficient." He said. "You'll be tested by three professionals from the Association in these side rooms in this area. You'll have 30 minutes on each test, the maximum time you have to produce something that meets our requirements."
"There's no theory or skills test?" Vice questioned.
He thought that in association exams like this, people would want to see how one's magical talents affected one's abilities.
However, these were exceptional characteristics of magicians, and such associations usually didn't test such things to protect their members. All they did was test these professionals' production capacity and determine the quality of the items they produced.
"No, if you can pass what we consider essential, the level of your talent, your creativity, or the way you act when producing items will not be considered. But these things can eventually be used to get you contacts within the Association.
There are contests and events where our blacksmiths can show off their skills and even win prizes. But that's for the stimulation of our members. It's not something that a new member needs to have."
For a long time, the Blacksmiths' Association served as a regulator of the profession. You wouldn't have to worry about the qualifications of the professionals classified by this organization.
By meeting a blacksmith and seeing their credentials, one could easily be sure that such a person had the minimum skills to produce weapons and items in general.
In a way, this group's license was like a seal of approval.
The official guiding Vicente then finished his explanation. "Each test will work on different types of items. Be prepared to produce armor, shields, and offensive items. It's our representatives who choose what you have to produce."
The production of defensive and offensive items required completely different techniques. Some might find it much easier to make defensive items, others the opposite. However, every blacksmith had to be able to produce every type of artifact in order to be approved by the Association.
Even one type of artifact, such as a weapons, could have variations that require very different production techniques. A bow and arrow, for example, was much more challenging to make than a simple dagger.
Knowing this, Vicente thanked the man for his guidance and then sat down in the waiting area.
As he did so, the screen changed its symbol after the clock struck 6 pm., calling the first youth of the day to the test in room number 3.
There were 9 rooms in the area where Vicente was, 3 for each of the tests.
The teens with tokens number 2 and 3 were quickly called, reducing the number of people waiting with Vicente in the waiting area.
While his master disappeared from the area, Vicente saw some of the young apprentices from the forge looking at him with interest.
That evening, he was the only student of a 3rd-stage blacksmith there to take his test. What's more, Vicente's master was the most unusual of them all but also someone who had a long track record locally and was known for teaching prodigies.
'I want to see what this new student of Mr. King's is capable of...' One of them looked at Vice with an ugly expression, remembering the day he had been rejected by Benson.
Meanwhile, another young man there, a disciple of Henry's disciple, looked at Vicente with a smile.
 "Hey, what's your name?" This young man, who also had black hair like Vicente, asked as he looked at him with interest.
"My name is Vicente."
"Vicente? Nice to meet you. I'm Eli. I hope we can pass this test together. Our masters are old acquaintances, so I'm sure we will be too." He said and looked at Vicente as if waiting for something.
Vicente didn't understand what this person wanted and just said. "Yes, I hope so. Good luck, Eli. Who is your master? I'm not very familiar with the local blacksmiths."
After hearing that, the young man's expression froze as someone behind him burst out laughing.



Chapter 146 Bet
"It seems that Benson King's new disciple doesn't know how to recognize the symbol of the glorious master Landon Fraser." A voice said after a long laugh.
Hearing this, Eli looked back and saw one of the new disciples of Zane Smith, his master Landon's greatest rival.
Vicente looked back and saw a young man with a Magic Gem the same color as his own.
"Nate, I didn't expect to see you here today," Eli said, looking at the man he had met a few days ago after a meeting with the local blacksmiths who had accompanied their masters.
As younger disciples of their masters, the two had met and exchanged a few barbs, following the tradition of disciples taking part in their masters' intrigues.
Masters were like parents to young magicians. And when someone so important to them was challenged or insulted, many naturally became defensive, sometimes aggressive.
Zane and Landon were rivals, so of course they saw each other that way.
Nate laughed and said. "I didn't expect you here. Even though your master isn't bad, I didn't expect him to free you to come here today... Are you nervous, Eli? You won't humiliate your master by failing, are you?"
"Nate!"
Seeing this, Vicente didn't bother with these two and stopped paying attention to them.
He didn't care who their masters were and if either of them had any problems with Benson. Their past affairs were none of his business.
But in doing so, Vicente caught the attention of the two young men looking at each other strangely.
"Hey, did you really say you didn't know my master?" Eli asked with a serious look on his face.
"I heard about him from a friend. But I don't know him personally, and I definitely wouldn't know how to recognize one of his disciples."
"Haha, people can't even recognize their master's disciples nowadays, haha." Nate laughed, imagining that Vice was trying to diminish Landon's figure.
Eli fell for Nate's teasing and gave Vice a dirty look.
Landon was a student of Henry Woodward, Millfall's greatest blacksmith. In addition, Landon was the most talented 2nd stage blacksmith in the area. As a student of Benson's rival, Landon naturally had a rivalry with Vicente's master and such a man's disciples.
The young man felt insulted that Benson's disciple didn't recognize him, which, in a way, was like saying that he and his master were nothing.
"You..." Eli clenched his fists and felt like punching Vicente. But inside the Association's evaluation and registration area, he held back and challenged. "I want to see if you're good enough to act so arrogantly! Let's see who does better in this evaluation, Benson's student!"
Nate liked what he heard and looked at the black-haired young man's expression as Vice looked at Eli.
Vicente looked at the idiot picking a fight with someone who was just solving his own problems and remembered his time on Earth.
'Oh, that's right, there are people like that.' He sighed.
In his early years as a criminal, he once saw a man killed for something that had nothing to do with him, just because he got involved in something that wasn't his problem.
In other situations, Vicente had met people who were looking for trouble for no reason. He had dealt with half a dozen such people himself and had some experience with arrogant and foolish individuals.
Noticing the type of person near him, he simply said. "What would I gain by competing with you? Is there any advantage in beating you?"
Nate almost couldn't stand it when he heard this, as Eli looked into Vice's eyes with hatred.
"You bastard! I'll bet you a kilo of Perpetual Tear! If I don't beat you, I'll give it to you. But if I do beat you, you'll have to kneel before me in front of everyone and call me your father!" He said, confident that he would defeat this young man who seemed to have just awakened his powers.
After one's magical powers awaken, determining one's exact age would be very difficult. But considering that Vice hadn't been a student of Benson's for long and was there to get his license, he must have been between 14 and 15 years old, a little younger than most of the people who had come to this place once or twice before.
Not every master invested as much in their disciples as Benson did in Vice, so this Association test also functioned as a way for some youths to assess their progress. That's why it was common for young people like him to come to this place once or twice before getting their licenses.
But Vicente was there for the first time. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been tutored by the Association official earlier, as these two had seen while watching him.
'This bastard must be an Intermediate Apprentice at best. With a yellow talent and less than 15 years old, there's no way he can beat me.' Eli thought, inwardly smiling as he imagined such a young man on his knees, humiliated.
"Perpetual Tear?" Vicente frowned, recognizing the name of a valuable crystal for 1st and 2nd-stage blacksmiths.
Such a resource could be used to increase the success rate of forging an artifact. At the same time, because it was found only in the depths of the sea, this crystal was very rare and cost several dozen gold coins per kilo.
Vicente imagined that such a young man had won this item from his master, and even though this bet might get him into trouble later, he accepted it. "Very well. We'll do as you say. You'll give me 1 kilo of Perpetual Tear if I beat you. If I lose, I'll do as you say."
Seeing Benson and Landon's disciples arguing made Nate very happy, and he said. "Haha, I'm a witness to your words. If either side backs down later, I'll spread the word in the city."
 "Humph!" Eli left their side and went to his test, noticing that his number was being called in room 2.
Meanwhile, Nate advised. "Vicente Fuller, you should use everything you have. That guy is already a Senior Apprentice. And he spent the last 6 months preparing for today's test."
"Why do you say that?"
"Wouldn't it be better to see the guy lose his Perpetual Tears?" Nate laughed before leaving Vice's side and heading to his own test.
Vicente's number was soon called, and he made his way to room number 3, where he found a 2nd-stage blacksmith waiting for him.



Chapter 147 The First Test
Upon entering a room of about 30 square meters with gray walls, Vicente immediately ignored the things there. He looked at the man sitting next to a small table.
This person was dressed in the traditional overcoat the Association's blacksmiths wore. In this man's case, there were two stars above his left chest, something that indicated his classification as a blacksmith.
He had a serious look on his face, while he had a large book in front of him in which he was writing something.
"Vicente Fuller..." He muttered as he turned the page and saw Benson King's newest student. 'Is this brat his disciple? Didn't the rumors say this guy only took people with green talent or higher?'
He looked at Vice's forehead for a moment and asked. "How long have you been under the elder King's tutelage? Do you come from a forging family, Vicente?"
"A few weeks. And no, I don't have a forging background, senior." Vicente replied, standing in the middle of the area he needed to use, where there were some tools and instruments useful for what he was about to do.
'Weeks?' The bald man frowned, the only part of his face with hair. Thinking that this young man was just there to be tested or to show off his talents, the man didn't give it much thought and said. "Very well, you may begin. For this first test, you need to make a shield-type defensive item.
You have 30 minutes to develop something that exceeds the minimum requirement, Vicence."
With these words from his assessor, Vicente immediately grabbed his materials from the area and got to work with a hammer.
The only items that could be used in the Association's tests were those provided by the organization. To prevent cheating with high-level resources, this institution didn't allow people to use their personal items.
However, they could use their skills and spells, which were considered inseparable characteristics of magicians.
Vicente had no intention of showing his powers to anyone other than Benson. That would be too risky, as it might expose his powers to more people than he thought acceptable.
With Benson, he could be carefree because his master wouldn't harm him by revealing this information. But with people he had no control over, like the members of this association, he didn't want to take any chances.
Picking up the hammer from that area, he made his first move by using a body balancing technique and positioning his body appropriately to move the heavy object.
When he made his first move against a metal bar, Vicente immediately made the evaluator, watching him without much interest, change his expression.
'What?' This person opened his eyes wider, not only because he felt that the mana was too dense for a young man who had only awakened his powers a few weeks ago but also because he saw the refinement of Vicente's technique.
Unlike the youth early, this evaluator knew Vicente's exact age. Not only did he know that this young man was more talented in his magic cultivation than the color of his gem would suggest, but he could also sense the sophistication of this young man's technique.
'How could that be? Is this the Three Hearts Technique?' He clenched his fists as he saw a 14-year-old youth using an essential technique for 1st and 2nd-stage blacksmiths with ease.
The Three Hearts Technique was a breathing and body control technique in which one used one's calves to increase the power of one's movements as if one had three hearts working in one's body.
It facilitated the blacksmith's mastery of the hammer but also increased the magician's sensory ability to perceive changes in the metal they were working on.
Vicente used it for his first moves, drawing the attention of the blacksmiths watching him from behind a false wall on one side of the room.
Three men were behind this false wall, which was actually a pane of glass that made its area invisible to the people in the testing area.
One of them was obviously Benson, while the other two were a member of the council and one of his students.
"Oh? It seems that this young man is really talented. Not only has he reached the level of Senior Apprentice so quickly, but he has also managed to master the first level of the Three Hearts Technique." The man who had been talking to Henry earlier said as he watched Vice's movements with interest.
He hadn't expected someone with a yellow talent to be so special!
'No wonder this cunning fox accepted this young man.' The level 5 Acolyte, next to his master, looked at Benson out of the corner of his eye. 'He really only accepts monsters as disciples!'
Benson heard his fellow council member's comment and laughed, pleased that his disciple was attracting attention.
He wasn't particularly interested in other people's opinions. But some of the old men on the council doubted his abilities and some of his old promises.
It was always delightful for him to see them behaving like such a Mage!
"Isaac, don't be so impressed yet. You'll see something impressive at the end of this exam." Benson said, making the guy look at him.
"What are you talking about?"
"Haha, just watch and see. Vicente is the most talented blacksmith I've ever taught. One day, he'll even surpass Elliott Preston."
"Elliott?" The level 5 Acolyte looked at Benson, doubting that this would come true.
Who was Elliott? This was the greatest blacksmith in the Seidel Kingdom, the current First Elder of the state Blacksmiths' Association.
While Isaac wondered if his colleague was joking, Vicente used everything he could without using his unique ability and worked hard for 30 minutes until he finished his shield, 1 minute before his time ran out.
 When he stopped moving, Vicente was sweating like a pig about to be slaughtered, breathing so hard that people on the other side of the false wall of this room could hear him.
But while he was exhausted, no one there paid attention to him. All eyes were on the silver shield on a table in the room.
This shield wasn't stunning, but in tests like this, blacksmiths usually didn't care about the design of their products. The important thing was that it worked.
When the evaluator saw such a shield up close, he couldn't say that he was shocked because of Vicente's movements in the last 30 minutes, he would surely produce something efficient. But when such a man analyzed the shield, he couldn't help but open his mouth in surprise.
"98% efficiency!" He said out loud, not believing that he had such an excellent 1st-grade item in his hands.



Chapter 148 He Must Go to the Tournament
It was rare for blacksmiths to reach 100% efficiency in producing items of the same grade as their magic stage!
Most would advance to the next stage before even reaching 95% efficiency. In fact, the normal range was between 80% and 90% efficiency on items of the same grade as a professional progressed through the ranks.
Most would only gain access to the understanding needed to produce items of 100% efficiency or purity when they changed magic stages and were able to see the world differently.
As one advanced through the ranks, one would not only experience an improvement in the richness of one's mana but would also undergo a qualitative evolution that would increase all of one's attributes. Among them, talent and the ability to see the world evolved, and it became easier for people to see old mistakes and how certain things would work better.
In this world, advice is good for guiding people. But to solve a problem, it wasn't enough for someone to tell you what to do. You had to understand why you were making a mistake and why it was causing you to make a mistake. Until you understood that, even if someone told you, it wouldn't make a difference in solving the problem.
This was the reality for 99% of the magicians in Polaris Realm, and the case of people who managed to achieve a level of mastery over their own abilities as high as Vicente's was very infrequent.
Hearing Vicente's score from that evaluator, the men watching him from behind the false wall of that room opened their mouths in shock.
"98%?"
Gulp!
"That boy..." Isaac became more serious, seeing that Vicente wasn't just a good talent but a one-in-a-million prodigy!
Benson smiled in satisfaction when he heard this result and noticed that the shield Vicente produced was already of a higher quality than the last weapon the young man in front of him had produced earlier.
'He'll probably get 100% on the third test.' Benson thought to himself as he saw his student reach his goal.
"Who is this boy, Benson? What is his innate ability? He hasn't used a single bit of his special power." Isaac asked in a low tone.
"Haha, that's not for you to know, my friend. Vicente won't use his power." Benson laughed, still looking at the exhausted young man in the room.
"Don't talk nonsense. This is a matter of great importance to the Association." Isaac said in a louder tone. "With a talent like his, we can improve our chances in the annual Forge Tournament. He could bring us a lot of resources and opportunities!"
"But master, this year's tournament is only three months away. There won't be time..."
"Tsk! I'm not talking about this damned year. In 2 or 3 years of preparation, Vicente could represent our post and win first place! But that depends on how his skills develop." Isaac said to his foolish pupil.
"Oh?"
"Isaac, I don't mind my disciples competing. But I've never forced them to participate in these events."
"Let me talk to him. He certainly has ambitions that can be fulfilled by participating in this tournament," Isaac said, confident in the competitive spirit of the younger generation.
"Good luck, hehe."
Meanwhile, the level 5 Acolyte said. "But he won't be able to hide his powers for much longer. He'll have a hard time in the next trials."
It was tough to have a blacksmith with the same ability to create all kinds of artifacts. Each would have more difficulty with certain types of artifacts and more ease with others.
Vicente probably had an easier time making defensive items based on his efficiency in making that shield. With that in mind, the 2nd-stage blacksmith was confident that the black-haired young man would have to use his skills in the next tests.
Benson heard this and said nothing.
These men didn't know it, but the type of artifact Vicente found most difficult to make were shields!
He said to Isaac. "If you want to see his skill, you must convince him to show you. I promised him I'd never talk to anyone about his skill."
Hearing this and seeing Benson move to another area where they could watch Vicente's next test, Isaac frowned.
'Fucking King! You don't give a damn about your class! That's why you'll never be better than Henry!' Isaac clenched his fists.
...
After leaving the previous room, Vicente returned to the waiting area, where there were fewer people now that some of the young blacksmith apprentices had failed the first test.
But when he returned, Vicente not only saw Nate and Eli already sitting on the waiting bench, but he also saw a ranking of the young people who were taking the test for the 1st-grade blacksmith's license that evening.
On one of the walls in this area, a ranking appeared, showing the position of these young people, considering the preliminary results so far.
More than an hour after the first tests began, and with 15 people registered for today's tests, Vicente was in second place, behind only one young man who had already passed the second test of the night.
Seeing Vicente's name above his own, Eli frowned when he saw the rank update, something the Association used in all tests of this type to encourage its members.
 "How is this possible?" Eli stood up from where he was and asked himself in disbelief.
He scored 88 points on the first test, an impressive score that would have put him in first place on standard days.
But still, had Vice passed him?
Even Nate frowned. He had scored 87 points, but he couldn't help but be shocked by Vicente's preliminary result.
'Could it be that he was tested on the item that was easiest for him to produce?' He wondered, thinking that he might get a better result in one of the next tests since he hadn't been tested on his preferred type of artifact.
Vicente ignored them and quickly sat down to wait his turn.
With fewer young blacksmith apprentices present for the following tests, it wouldn't be long before Vicente was called again, this time to room number 6.
In a room similar to the previous one but with a different examiner of a higher level than before, Vicente was soon asked to make a spear.
He had plenty of time to rest between the 1st and 2nd tests, so he had no trouble showing off his forging skills and surprising his observers once again!



Chapter 149 1st Stage Blacksmith (1)
"99%!" The 2nd examiner shouted as he picked up the spear that Vicente had just finished making.
The men behind the false wall of this room heard this. They realized that even without using his skill, Vicente had produced something of even higher quality than the previous shield.
Even though the difference between the two was small, even 1%, close to the upper limit of an item's quality, was worth a lot.
To give you an idea, if Vicente had one spear with 98% efficiency and another with 99%, he could sell the latter for about 130% of the value of the 98% one!
Every step one had to take to get to the top got higher as one got closer to the top. This was true for the quality of items in a rank but also for much of what existed in this magical world, including the magic rank.
A spear with 99% efficiency would have much greater durability and power than an item with 98% efficiency, even though the difference in efficiency was so slight.
Therefore, it was challenging to produce items that were only 1% or 2% better in quality when you were already at such a high level.
Even though Vicente had done well in the previous test, this current result still surprised the two men who didn't know him and saw his performance.
Isaac clenched his fists when he realized that this young man would not show his skill in the last test remaining to complete the 1st stage blacksmith's license exam.
Seeing that Benson had no intention of talking to him about anything, he didn't want to wait, so he left where he was and went to the waiting room where the apprentice blacksmiths could wait for their tests.
When they got there, Isaac and his apprentice saw Vice sitting down in one of the waiting chairs to wait for his final test.
As Vice sat down, Nate looked at the rankings in front of him without understanding and saw Vice's name in first place while his name was in third.
One of the young men there to get his license had even taken the last test and passed as a 1st stage blacksmith. But even with 3 results on his account, this young man still lost points to Vice, who had only taken 2 tests.
'How is that possible? Did he score over 90% on both tests?' Nate clenched his fists as he looked at Vicente and realized that this guy must be a genius.
He scored 86 points more in the last test but still lost to Vice and the runner-up. But considering that the runner-up had 3 tests, meaning he had accumulated more than 180 points, there was only one possibility for Vicente's position.
He had scored over 90 on each of his tests!
'What kind of genius is this?' Nate looked at Vicente wide-eyed, realizing that he had underestimated this guy earlier.
But the one who had a bet with the wrong guy had been Eli, so as much as he was shocked, Nate didn't feel too bad about the preliminary result of this test.
While looking curiously at Vice, Isaac and his disciple appeared in the waiting room, attracting the attention of all the young people there.
Seeing a 3rd-stage blacksmith was very rare for most of these young people, so when they saw the symbol on Isaac's clothing, several stood up from where they were and looked respectfully at this elder.
Isaac ignored them all and stopped in front of Vicente.
"Young Vicente, congratulations on your accomplishments so far. I didn't expect someone so talented to appear in my Association, but you really are a pleasant surprise." He said, praising the black-haired young man. "Vicente, you will have a bright future if you focus on the path of forging. I don't think it will be long before you reach my level, haha."
Upon hearing this, Vicente stood up and greeted the elder Isaac.
He didn't know what was on this person's mind, but Vice wasn't arrogant enough to despise this elder's act of coming to him.
Whatever the reason, he couldn't afford to do the wrong thing and miss out on the benefits he could gain from interacting with this person.
"The elder is exaggerating. I have a long way to go before those words describe me." He said with a subtle smile at the corner of his lips.
Isaac liked Vicente's personality, while the level 5 Acolyte beside him also liked the young man's words.
Then Isaac got right to the point. "Unfortunately, you're already Benson's disciple and can't accept me as your master. Otherwise, I would do my best to teach you, young man. But that's not why I'm here.
Would you like to be the representative of our Association? As a representative, you would have access to our entire collection at this post, resources, and regular opportunities.
In return, all you would have to do is defend the association and help it reach a higher level."
When Vicente heard this, he immediately understood that the man wanted to help him so that he could help him later. Basically, he would only receive benefits in the short term, and then he would have to help this post, probably giving up some of his freedom.
In a way, it was similar to financing college on Earth.
'No way...' He thought to himself. 'If I accept this, I'll have to get involved in commitments that will take up a lot of my time, and I'll be stuck in this city for a while.'
As nice as it would be to be supported by someone stronger and more influential, one always had to think about what one would have to pay for later. There were no free lunches, and Vicente thought about the future more than most young people his age did.
Then he laughed and said. "How could I represent the Association, elder? I don't even have a blacksmith's license. I'm just a junior who has just awakened his powers.
 I need some time before committing myself to something so important. I don't want to profit now only to be disappointed in the future."
Isaac was experienced and knew that Vicente would simply reject him.
This young man didn't need time to decide about something so beneficial to him. Who would turn down such an offer because they weren't sure?
Almost anyone in Vicente's situation would accept it immediately. Only someone who was not interested would come up with such an excuse!
But he couldn't force Vicente to do it, lest he tarnish the Association's image. On the other hand, the way this young man had declined the invitation wasn't bad.
"Really? I guess I got a little ahead of myself when I saw your skills." Isaac commented in a humorous tone, but inside, he was very angry with Vice, especially with Benson for giving his students room to act like this.
"Then I'll give you some time to think about it, young Vicente. My words will still be valid for the next few days, so once you've made up your mind, all you have to do is go to the council." Isaac said before turning to leave.
But as he did so, he looked at one of the men in the area and said. "Give priority to this young man's third test. Once he's rested, continue with his final test."
"Yes, elder."
The men in the area did not refuse the magician's order and looked at Vicente curiously. But with this man's order, none of them would give young Fuller a hard time, and as soon as he was done resting, he would go to room number 7 for his last test of the day.
...
While Vicente was finishing his entrance test for the Millfall Blacksmiths' Association, Casey had already completed more than 60% of his work in Martell Village.
After arriving there a few days ago, he quickly wiped the memory of Vicente's weapons from the minds of the weakest, who had virtually no way to defend themselves against his actions.
But of course, he had discovered what Vice wanted to hide: the weapons identical to those used by Cesar's group...
As a man who worked with noble families and the underworld, Casey knew what was going on in Millfall to connect Vicente's and Cesar's weapons easily.
Now he knew for sure that Cesar's identity was really Vicente Fuller!
However, even with this information, he had a mission to complete before returning to Millfall, so he kept it in the back of his mind. But once he was back in his town, he wanted to meet Vice again.
Even if he couldn't reveal the truth about Vice to the world, he had no other way to get resources because of the knowledge he had recently acquired.
After resting from the last time he used his ability this afternoon, he looked at a list of names that had already crossed off more than 150 names and looked out the window of his house.
"Time to take care of the strongest in the village." He muttered before making his way to the royal guard post that existed in this village.



Chapter 150 1st Stage Blacksmith (2)
Later that evening, Vicente would finish his third test at the new blacksmith's testing area at the Association's post in Millfall.
As he used his hammer for the last time that evening, Vicente was once again exhausted, but this time, he felt a perfect sensation in his being.
It was always great to finish a job well done. But to achieve 100% efficiency in the forging art without even using his unique skill was incredible!
After almost 30 minutes of hard work, after hours in this Association building, Vicente had finished producing a sword with 100% efficiency.
Even his master was dumbfounded to see his student reach this level while being only a 1st-stage magician.
On the other hand, even though Isaac was angry with Benson and Vicente, he couldn't help but be less grumpy when he saw this result.
Whether Vice accepted Isaac's proposal, Vicente could still help this Association post with his phenomenal skills.
With this in mind, as he watched the evaluator of Vicente's test staring wide-eyed at that sword, he said to Benson. "Even if he doesn't want to be firmly supported by the Council and the Association, he will still be important for our post. I'm going to release some benefits for your student."
"Oh? I appreciate that. That will help a lot." Benson was sincere.
As much as he was a Council Elder, he wouldn't have been able to give Vicente the benefits Vice needed to access some of the possibilities of this Association post on his own. But with Isaac's support, he had enough to help his disciple!
Vicente probably wouldn't have access to the best there was, as the others, including Isaac, would undoubtedly have higher requirements for him to access such opportunities. But even so, Vice could begin his journey with more rights than his peers would have by joining this organization.
As the men left, Vicente received congratulations from the examiner, who didn't hesitate to take the sword with him as he left.
Vicente knew that the items produced in such exams belonged to the Association. After breathing more calmly, he left the room where he had taken his last test.
When he reached the waiting area in that part of the Association, he ignored the ranking and went to the staff counter.
The previous examiner had told him to pick up his identification as a 1st stage blacksmith and the gifts the Association gave its new members in such an area.
Vicente quickly received a black bag containing an identification crystal, an overcoat with the Association's symbol of a star on the left chest, and some pills and metal bars.
But as he rummaged through these things and put them away in his storage item, a scream suddenly alerted Vice and everyone else in the area.
"Impossible!"
Eli shouted as he saw the results of this exam and noticed Vicente's name in first place and his in second.
He scored an incredible 91 points on his last test. But he still hadn't managed to pass Vicente!
Thinking that there was something wrong with this, given Vicente's level of talent, he shouted in an unjustified manner. "There's something wrong with this rank. It's not possible that this person beat me!"
Vicente looked at Eli and remembered his bet with this guy over two hours ago.
Noticing that this person didn't seem willing to accept his defeat, Vicente looked at Eli contemptuously and said. "Now that you've lost, will you use that excuse not to pay for your promises?"
"Tsk! You bastard! I'm sure you bribed your examiners, and your ranking is wrong!"
The Association officials in the surrounding area heard this and gave Eli ugly looks.
The Association was very strict with its employees and had stringent rules against such acts, especially regarding the examinations for blacksmiths to advance in rank. If even one of them were accused of corruption, they would have a lot of problems in their lives.
"You damned brat! Our association is sacred and does not allow this kind of shameful act! Take back your words!" An Acolyte shouted, extremely offended.
Nate was impressed by Vicente's result, but unlike Eli, he had seen how much support Elder Isaac had given the young black-haired man. So he couldn't believe that something was wrong. "Eli, don't be a coward. You have lost. Vice is better than you.
Accept your defeat, and don't dishonor the name of your masters. Pay the you promised Perpetual Tear to Vicente!" He said the last part out loud so that everyone in the area could hear it.
"What?"
"He wagered something so valuable?"
"What a fool! Who took this idiot as a student? I'm sure he'll have a bad reputation in Millfall after today."
"Hey, keep your voice down, he's Master Landon's disciple!"
Several people commented on Eli's foolishness, causing him to turn red with anger.
But some advised him to pay what he owed.
 "Young man, pay what you owe. Not keeping such a promise could even harm your magical progress..."
Vicente remained silent as he looked at Eli, seeing that this young man looked like a pressure cooker about to explode.
He wouldn't stay still if this person moved, so he was on guard.
But just as the tension in the room was about to reach its limit and one of them was about to turn on the other, another of Henry's students came out of one of the evaluation rooms.
"Eli, did you make that bet?" That person, who was of the same generation as Landon, asked as he looked thoughtfully at Eli.
Eli recognized the voice of one of Henry's few disciples, someone whom his master, Landon, respected greatly.
He changed his expression and said in a hurt tone. "I did it, but something's wrong. I'm sure of it!"
Henry's student closed his eyes and shook his head negatively. "There is nothing wrong. Pay the young man what you owe him. You've lost."
Hearing that from the man was like getting punched in the stomach. But Eli remained silent, understanding the meaning of it all.
He had lost to Vicente, a young beginner in the forging art!
Unable to argue with his superior, Eli took the one kilo of Perpetual Tear from his stash and quickly threw it in Vicente's direction.
Not wanting to be humiliated any further, he quickly made his way to the exit, following the level 5 Acolyte.
"How is that possible, Mr. Kaleb? I thought I was going to get a first place after my seclusion!" He said as he walked briskly alongside the man.
"This young man is a monster. I examined him in one of his tests, and he scored over 95 points in making a weapon!" Kaleb said quietly, knowing that he couldn't tell what Vicente's score was, but sure Eli would understand why he had lost.
"Over 95?" Eli turned pale when he heard that.
...
Meanwhile, Vicente had stored the one kilo of Perpetual Tear in his storage item. He was soon moving around the Association building after leaving the previous area.
With his 1st-stage forging license, he could now buy and trade several resources in this establishment. Not only that, but he could also get in touch with many of the books in this place and learn a bit more about this craft.
It was evening, so most of the places he could benefit from within this Association were closed. However, he still decided to look around and familiarize himself with where he would be in the next few days.
He couldn't act until Casey returned, so until then, he would focus on the forge and this place.
But on his way to the Association's library, Vicente ran into his master.
Seeing Vice, Benson smiled and said. "Congratulations on your results. I'm sure you'll have your 2nd stage license in a few months.
But now I have to take you somewhere."
"Where?" Vicente asked as he frowned.
"As I told you, joining the Association like this would benefit you. And in fact, you'll get some unique opportunities, even without committing to representing the Association."
"Oh? What exactly will I gain from these benefits?" Vicente wondered.
"Access to the highest level and rarest resources, priority delivery of materials, access to special techniques, and access to the training and study area for 2nd-stage blacksmiths," Benson explained the main point.
Part of the reason why 2nd-stage magicians were better at what they did was because of their mana, extra pentagram, and greater understanding of the world. But in institutions like this, there were techniques you normally only had access to when you reached a particular stage.
However, that didn't mean that these techniques couldn't be learned by those of a lower magical level!
Even without having to earn any merit or pass the 2nd-stage blacksmith's exam, Vicente had earned the right to learn some of these techniques and spells.
"Perfect."