Chapter 201 Night of Flames (3)
"Who did you see? Hey! Answer me!" The guard on the other side of the door asked the man on Vicente's back, slapping him across the face as he questioned.
But Vicente's subordinate seemed shocked, extremely weakened by his leader's blow earlier.
Vicente could have tried to leave this place the same way he came in. But he thought it would be very suspicious for one of his men to ask to go to the bathroom twice while coming to this place and staying only five minutes.
Even if it didn't cause him any immediate problems, he feared that once his bombs were detonated, it would make his Fuller family a possible suspect in today's attack.
To avoid this and to avoid implicating Nina in any way, Vicente decided to detonate his bombs while his group was still in the area.
Only then would they distance themselves from any possible connection to this attack after the incident was over.
Not only that but to prevent the Baron's family from distrusting his men, Vicente made it a point to order one of his men to save the Baron's life and "die" in a heroic act.
Vicente was aware that he couldn't wipe out this family that night. His goal was not to do so but only to destroy the possibility that this house would one day rise up against him because of what he had done to the Baron's third son.
Vincent hadn't fled through another part of the estate because not only were the exterior walls and doors and windows of the estate of a high standard, but it would also attract a lot of trouble.
This underground route was the safest way for him to escape.
No matter how problematic it might be, if he managed to leave this place alive, it would be impossible for him to be connected to this event!
That's why he stood his ground before that General, using words instead of his powers. "Senior, he's seriously injured. I'd like to take him to a doctor immediately. If he dies with the identity of our enemies in his head, I'm afraid we won't be able to do anything to seek justice!"
Upon hearing this, the level 7 General looked at the dusty, bloodied face of the young man in front of him.
"Tsk! Damn it! Go quickly!" He said.
Vicente looked at Lana and said. "Can you help me? I'm hurt, and I can't see straight."
"Go with him, Lana." The General said before taking over Lana's role of identifying the people on the other side of the door to allow them to enter this place.
Lana promptly did as she was told and went ahead of Vicente and his man, quickly disappearing from the previous area.
"Did you get it?" She asked, whispering to him.
"Yes. You'll get your share of the deal." Vicente said, unable to go against the agreement Rory had signed with this woman.
"Good! I'll leave this town with your men. I want you to leave me in Saltstar City." Lana smiled and planned her future after this day.
She hadn't planned to stay in Saltstar City. But she could go anywhere once she got there with the resources from this robbery.
Vicente's group couldn't act against her for a certain period because of the agreement they had signed with her, but even so, she wouldn't stay in this province. When she reached the largest city in the province, she intended to buy a ticket out of the kingdom and never return to this place.
Full of expectations for the future, she smiled when she heard that everything had worked out and guided Vicente through the part of the local sewer he didn't know how to move.
Only noble families and the army had a map of the local sewers.
Vicente's group had only been able to build their tunnel to a part of the sewer on the advice of Lena, who had recently accessed the map of the place.
After two minutes of running around the place, she finally arrived at the spot where she had instructed Rory and his group to dig an alternate tunnel.
There, Vicente quickly found a wall that appeared to be hollow, where he quickly used a spell based on the earth element to open the way to the beginning of the tunnel, 10 centimeters behind that wall.
Seeing the hole leading to an abandoned property in Millfall appear before her, Lana sighed and went in with Vicente.
While she led the way, Vicente used his powers to close the hole his men had made.
'Time to go home!' He sighed as he finally reached the property where his men had been working for the past few weeks.
Once there, he quickly gave Lena some jewels and coins, the equivalent of what had been promised.
With the equivalent of more than 1,500 gold coins in her possession, Lena thanked Vicente and asked him to say goodbye to Rory for her before following the Fuller family men who were waiting for her there in a carriage.
Watching her go, Vicente didn't mind that she was a witness to what he had done. Unlike on Earth, contracts were extremely difficult to break in this magic world.
If you promised not to talk about certain things, you wouldn't do it, or the heavens could severely punish you.
Lena could tell the truth about that day if she became much stronger than Rory and Vicente, but that was unlikely to happen.
 Confident that he wouldn't have any problems with her, Vicente quickly put on his mask and walked through the darkness of the night shadows back to the Mazzanti family headquarters.
It was time for him to count the night's gains!
But as he made his way back to that place, he drank a restorative potion, cleaned himself of the traces of what he had done, and thought of the guests who should be waiting for him.
'It's time to guide the men of the Scarlet Syndicate...' He thought, remembering that these people should be waiting for him at his estate.
Although he didn't like handing over one of his weapon models to these people, he could at least use it as an alibi.
Even if he hadn't been on his property at the time of the attack on the Irwin estate, for people of this city, it would have been impossible for him to act against the Irwin family and be on his property in less than 10 minutes to teach the Scarlet Syndicate men a thing or two.
With that in mind, Vicente ignored the nighttime flames stirring up Millfall, worrying only about the men he had ordered to direct an attack on the Irwin estate.
But as long as they followed his plans, once Lena's carriage caught up with them outside Millfall, they could flee the area and hide until things calmed down.
Just like that, the greatest robbery of a noble family in Millfall ended!



Chapter 202 After the Attack
Meanwhile, in the more affluent area of Millfall...
Three men ran toward the center of town as flames and the sound of explosions came from the direction of the Irwin estate.
But while several people on the outskirts of this wealthy area of Millfall watched from their doorsteps as the Irwin family estate went up in flames, the Baron of that family moved alongside Vicente's men.
"Your Grace, what shall we do? We'd like to help in some way." One of Vicente's two subordinates said, sounding like someone concerned for the financial well-being of one of his allies.
The Baron had no reservations about these men after all that had happened and after seeing these two almost die in the explosions around his estate a few moments ago.
So when he heard that question, he said. "I will go to the army headquarters. Why don't you go to Viscount Symons' estate? It would help me."
"That..."
"You can't?"
"To tell you the truth, Your Grace, young master Symons has a rivalry with our leader." One of the two men said. "Why don't we do the opposite of what you suggested? The two of us can alert the army while you seek help from the Viscount's family."
"Oh? Well, that works too." He said as he felt the cold night breeze cooling his sweaty body and gradually becoming less afraid of what had just happened.
Then he said. "All right, let's split up. I'll return your companion's body to your group when I can. In the meantime, I hope to see you with your leader in the future."
"Thank you. We'll be at Your Grace's disposal."
"I am the one who thanks you." Baron Irwin said, separating himself from the two.
In doing so, he soon made his way to the Symons family estate to seek help in locating and investigating those who might have been involved in this nighttime attack.
Men had attacked the outside of his house, and some had even managed to infiltrate the place. Considering that everything had just happened, if they followed them, they would have a chance to catch up with some of those bandits!
...
While Baron Irwin went to the Symons estate, the two Fuller family representatives went to the army headquarters, not as quickly as they should have, but without delay.
As allies of the Irwin family, they couldn't look suspicious!
As they walked through the darkened streets of Millfall, the two were full of worry about their companions and whether their plans had worked.
"I wonder how Kevin is?" One of the two asked about the third of them who had been responsible for being struck by one of Vicente's lightning bolts that night.
"I don't know. But the boss knows what he's doing. The boss is the smartest and most talented person I know. So Kevin will probably survive if other problems don't get to him." Said the other soldier of the Mazzanti family.
They weren't unaware of the possibility of other things going wrong with their plans besides Vicente's move. There were many enemies on that estate, and several things could go wrong before Vice and Kevin could successfully escape.
Even if Kevin survived Vice's attack, many things could kill him after that.
Aware of the difficult reality of this world, these men remained skeptical as they moved to alert the army.
"Sigh... I hope everything works out. After today, we'll probably have less problems looking for pentagrams."
"Yes, I think so too. But anyway, let's alert the local forces. Time to finish our mission!"
...
Minutes later, soldiers from the army post arrived at the Irwin family's semi-destroyed estate, surrounded the place, and began the standard protocol for such situations.
In charge of the group, Nova stood and organized her men, trying not to overthink how the town had suddenly become much more dangerous after the arrival of Cesar's group in the area.
She looked at her men and gave an order. "Do not let anyone from other forces near this place. I want to know what happened here before the curious contaminates the place.
Meanwhile, I want half of the group to follow the trail of the criminals who operated here earlier. Look for eyewitnesses and reports of people moving strangely toward the city exits. Let's get these bastards!"
"Yes, Captain!" Most of the dozen or so soldiers with her replied, moving quickly to carry out their orders.
She looked at a level 4 Acolyte and said. "Captain Olson, wait a minute."
"Captain?" The black-haired man looked at the beautiful Nova, but there was nothing but respect in his gaze for this level 5 woman.
After her last meeting with Vicente, Nova managed to advance to the next level and reached the end of the 2nd stage!
 "Captain Olson, go to the Mazzanti family headquarters. I want to know what Cesar did tonight." She ordered, feeling that it would be good to question such a man.
"Cesar Mazzanti?" The man, dressed in a uniform similar to Nova's, with armor bearing the symbol of the royal family, looked at her strangely, knowing that this man was now a good citizen who had no problems with the law.
"For what reason, Captain? I'm sorry, but I don't see how Cesar has anything to do with it. I'm afraid the Commander won't like us getting close to this person." He said, thinking that maybe Nova had something personal against Cesar, even though she had gotten him out of trouble after The Rocky Gorge incident.
Nova didn't care about the man's opinion and said. "Do I have to repeat myself, Captain Olson? That's an order! I don't care if you like it!"
"Okay. I'll go see what Cesar is up to." He didn't want to argue with this woman and left without further questions.
Nova stayed behind, thinking about the man who had saved her.
'Cesar... Are you involved in this?' Her eyes narrowed as she saw some of the men from the Irwin family putting out the fire on the property alongside the soldiers in the area.
As she watched, something else was on her mind. 'Now, even Vicente was involved in a local situation, which had never happened before he arrived in this town.
Cesar, I will not forgive you if you harm the innocent members of the Fuller family!' She clenched her fists, thinking of how much this family had already suffered from being involved in local problems.
Vicente's emissaries were only there to do business. Still, now, this family would be associated with that incident, and they had even lost one of their men to those responsible for this nocturnal action!



Chapter 203 Final Preparations
Meanwhile, at the Mazzanti estate...
Vicente had just arrived, dressed in a fine suit with the smell of wine on his body.
As he entered his estate, he didn't speak to any of his men about the outcome of the robbery, nor did anyone there bother him about it.
Having already left the man struck by one of his lightning bolts in one of the taverns in his territory, Vicente arrived alone to deal with the Scarlet Syndicate men.
He walked up to the people sent by the leader of that local underworld faction, greeted them, and after a brief introduction, began to talk about serious things.
"Well, let's not divert our plans any longer. I'll be leaving Millfall soon to hunt Magic Pentagrams with my men, so I'll teach you the basics for the next two days. After that, you'll be able to continue without my presence." He said to the men.
Hearing that, one of the men there, eager to learn, asked. "How will we resolve our doubts in your absence?"
Learning the basics was the most important thing in anything new. From the basic techniques, one could often develop one's skills related to them, even without a guide.
But of course, having someone to correct them when they made mistakes could make a difference in how quickly they learned to develop the weapons they would be responsible for creating.
Vicente said. "What I will teach you in these two days will be enough for the most talented of you to learn all you need to on your own. As long as you practice every day, you'll master it in two or three weeks.
Making these weapons is not as difficult as you might think. The main thing is to take care of their final assembly so that only we can take them apart without damaging them.
But even if one of you has a question, I'll have some of my men, who I have already trained to assemble these weapons, help you. This should be enough for you to start making these weapons yourselves in a month."
Cesar looked like a genius, and knowing his metalworking skills, none of these men doubted his talent for forging.
What was easy for him wasn't necessarily easy for them!
However, after hearing that even the men in this group could do such a thing, not even the most concerned about Vicente's absence continued to question him.
With the agreement of these men, Vicente soon began to show them the pieces they would need to forge to assemble the model of the weapon he had promised Brody.
He did this for a few minutes until one of his men approached him with a soldier from the royal army.
Arriving in that room where several men from the Scarlet Syndicate were studying the production methods of weapons components, the soldier sent by Nova sweated as he saw several well-known names in this city standing there with Cesar.
'It seems the Scarlet Syndicate is closer to the Mazzanti family than before...' He thought to himself, more afraid of questioning Cesar because of Nova's request.
"It seems Mister Mazzanti is busy. I think maybe I should come here another time. I really don't want to get in the way." He said, thinking that Cesar probably had nothing to do with today's incident.
The level 1 Acolyte next to him smiled under his mask, seeing that his leader was gaining more and more respect locally.
Vicente's entire group had been expecting soldiers to knock on their door tonight. It didn't take a genius to predict such a thing. After all, they were the fastest-growing group, and their name had been talked about all over town. It was only natural that they would be considered after an event of such proportions at the Irwin estate.
When one of Vicente's men heard the royal soldier's comment, he couldn't help but feel good to see that even if the soldier was there to question what Vice had done that night, such a man seemed scared and not so interested in being accusatory.
That was great!
But Vicente was already looking in his direction and soon left the Scarlet Syndicate men studying alone to approach such a soldier.
"Royal soldiers are always welcome on my property," Vicente said in a good-natured tone. "As a citizen of the kingdom, it is my duty to help the royal forces whenever they come to my home.
Captain, what can I do for you today?"
The man was pleased to see that Vicente wasn't as defensive and overbearing as old underworld members and was quite approachable even with his already high local position.
"Mister Mazzanti, I'm sorry to disturb you. I was sent here to ask simple questions. After that, I will leave." The black-haired soldier said.
"What did you do tonight?"
"Tonight?" Vicente asked in a surprised tone. "Before I came here to meet my friends, I had a drink with one of my clients."
Before coming here, Vicente had dropped off the man he was carrying on his back at River and Zander's tavern.
He had already instructed them to close their tavern earlier that day for a "dinner" between them, where he had had a few drinks while leaving his man there earlier.
Since the two of them already knew what to talk about if they were questioned, Vicente wasn't worried and had a better alibi than some of his local enemies might have expected from him.
'Who in the army sent this idiot to me? Is it Nova?' Vicente thought to himself, aware that the beautiful woman had helped him but that she had only done so to pay off her debt to him.
 This had not been the sign of an ally who would help him. It had been the gesture of an enemy who didn't want to owe him a favor.
Smelling wine coming from Vicente's body, the soldier believed him. "Is that so?"
The soldier was glad to hear that because he didn't want any trouble with a monster like Vicente, who could eliminate even mid-level Acolytes even when he was a Senior Apprentice.
But now, Cesar was a level 1 Acolyte, which made him many times stronger than before!
"If that's all, I have no further questions. I'll pass this information on to the superior who sent me here, and I believe everything will be fine." He smiled before shaking Vicente's hand.
"Hmm, say hello in my name to this person," Vicente said before watching him leave, the last annoyance he would have to deal with tonight.
After that, he would use a break later in the evening to count his winnings from today's attack and distribute some of the potions and resources to his men.
Unfortunately, they couldn't show much buying power to avoid attracting the attention of the Scarlet Syndicate or the local powers, so Vice kept most of the coins and resources he had earned tonight.
When he went to Ironcrest, he could use them to buy resources for his family secretly!



Chapter 204 Night of Departure (1)
Three days later...
After the previous situation in Millfall, a lot happened in the town due to the investigation regarding the robbery of the Irwin estate.
After the initial investigation, the Irwin family discovered they had lost virtually all of their wealth in the estate's vault!
That wasn't all the Irwin family had, as the Baron had a fair amount in his spatial ring, while his children and wives also had valuable items with them. However, the family had lost more than 60% of the savings they had accumulated over the past few decades.
Due to the magnitude of the robbery, the survivors of House Irwin were naturally furious and had already started spreading rumors throughout the city that their family might not be the only noble house to suffer such a thing.
If nothing was done, other families might suffer as well!
As a result, all the noble houses with property in the city were on alert and participated in the investigation and search for the culprits.
But since that day, no one has been arrested. In addition to some of the dead who had perished in the incident, some survivors who had been seen leaving the estate were missing.
With clues to follow, the Irwin family, the other noble houses, and even the army had been working around Millfall for the past few days, doing what they could to seek justice.
This had, of course, affected the lives of the people of Millfall, and even the local academies had been disrupted.
Curfews had been posted every night shortly after dusk, and people were keeping an eye on the underworld's business, waiting for individuals to make unusual purchases or sell specific items.
Many people were scared and avoided doing business these days, and even the Scarlet Syndicate felt such consequences.
In the midst of all this, however, no one bothered the Mazzanti family, who, after the previous soldier's visit, were not connected to the incident that night.
Meanwhile, Vicente was still in town, preparing for his group's trip to the Alpine Woodpecker Forest.
After spending the last two days training the men sent by the Scarlet Syndicate to make a model firearm, Vicente had finally completed his local duties and would be leaving Millfall tonight!
...
At the Mazzanti family estate...
At this moment, Vicente was facing a group of 28 soldiers of his family, all of them Acolytes.
After the last few days, this family's group had grown with the reinforcements from Martell Village, reaching its highest level since its creation, now with 78 men.
Of these 78 people, most of whom were men, half of the group were Apprentices, and the other half were Acolytes, or Generals comparable to low and mid-level Acolytes.
Generals were people who may or may not have Magic Gems but who followed the path of body art and used mana to strengthen their bodies when using martial arts.
This was a relatively simple path compared to that of a magician. As such, it had many more limitations regarding how far one could go. But for low-level places like this area of Scott Province, it wasn't a problem.
Generals between levels 4 and 8 were comparable to Acolytes between levels 1 and 5 regarding combat ability.
Vicente wasn't unaware of their potential in places like Millfall, so there were a dozen of them in his group, not counting the mercenaries who worked for them outside.
With the recent increase in the number of Mazzanti family men and the resources gained from robbing the Irwin family, some things had changed in the group's power configuration.
With 78 members, of which 62 were warrior magicians and 16 were Generals, the group now consisted of 10 Junior Apprentices, 8 Intermediate Apprentices, 16 Senior Apprentices, 26 level 1 Acolytes, and 2 level 2 men, plus, of course, the Generals between levels 4 and 6.
Of these men, Vicente couldn't take all 28 Acolytes in the group on the hunt for Magic Pentagrams, even if they had all reached a point where they needed to go in search of these magical essences.
The Mazzanti family had a territory to maintain and even expand!
With that in mind, Vicente would leave 10 Acolytes and all of the group's Generals in this city to keep things in order and continue his group's current projects.
In front of him were all the Acolytes of the Mazzanti family, those he intended to take with him on this trip, and the men he intended to leave in charge of the group in his and Rory's absence.
Seeing these men with smiles on their faces, Vicente quickly called out the names of 10 of them, all level 1 Acolytes, most of them newly promoted individuals.
As these 10 men smiled and the other 18 looked at them, Vicente said. "Those I've just called will stay in Millfall to take care of our operations. The rest of you will accompany Rory and me on the journey we're beginning tonight."
The 18 men smiled in satisfaction at these words, while the 10 individuals sighed, realizing they had been given false hope.
But they wouldn't be left behind for long.
"Those of you who are staying, once our group returns, I will select some men to help you hunt for your pentagrams in the surrounding area." He said, easing the situation for those who would stay behind.
 "Anyway, be careful for the days I'll be gone. Don't do anything exaggerated, and if you have to bow to powerful nobles or magicians, do it without much question.
Just write down everything relevant. When my group returns, we'll deal with any problems."
With that, the people there soon dispersed, with those who were leaving going to organize their things for the journey while the others returned to their posts.
A few minutes after the meeting with Vicente, a red-haired masked man entered the mansion and went straight to Vicente.
"Ready to go?" Vicente looked at Rory and saw that although this man had not yet reached level 1 of the Acolyte stage, he was at the peak of the Senior Apprentice level.
At the rate he was going, Rory would certainly reach level 1 before the group entered the Alpine Woodpecker Forest!
Rory smiled at his friend, looking forward to the start of this journey that could completely change his group's situation in Millfall.
"Yeah. When do we leave? I'm ready to leave this 'quiet' town." The red-haired young man took off his mask, smiling eagerly for this moment.
Vicente was also eager to get stronger and said. "At dusk."
"Good! Only a few hours are left, so I'll meditate until then."
When Vicente saw his friend go to the underground training room, he didn't disturb Rory, leaving him to talk about some relevant things after they left the city.
A long carriage ride awaited them!



Chapter 205 Night of Departure (2)
As night fell over Millfall, a group of three carriages set out from the Mazzanti family estate toward the eastern exit of the city.
There were 20 men in the three carriages, 19 of them Acolytes and only 1 Senior Apprentice.
Eight men were in the front carriage, 4 on the outside and the rest inside of it, the same formation as the rear carriage.
Only the middle carriage had fewer people in it, with two men controlling the horses, the group's leaders inside it.
The carriage was very similar to the other two, with nothing special about its design or interior. But there were the leaders of this group, Vicente and Rory, one in front of the other, with masks on their faces, just like all the other men in this and the other two carriages.
Both were very well dressed, as usual. However, neither of them cared about that as they chatted and watched their group slowly leave town.
"How were your last days in public?" Vicente asked his friend.
He hadn't had time to talk about Rory in the last few days. Vice had focused all his time on dealing with the Scarlet Syndicate men and organizing his group for the coming days.
In addition to the men who had come from the village and joined the Mazzanti family headquarters in the last few days, Vicente had also been busy with some extensions of his territory and agreements with nobles.
He had visited two noble families, as Cesar Mazzanti, and made some promises regarding the agreements he had made earlier to exonerate his name.
In addition, his territory now had 31 commercial establishments, more than half of the ones in the eastern part of the city, where no one had previously dominated.
In addition to these agreements, which would guarantee him more than 250 gold coins a month for his family starting next month, Vicente had his men ready to expand into the territory previously controlled by the Defiant Tyranny faction.
He also hadn't stopped studying the materials he'd received from the Millfall Blacksmiths' Association and training his magical powers. As a result, he was unaware of many of Rory's accomplishments over the past few days.
Rory heard his friend's question and smiled, for he had done important things for the future. "I met with Lukas' group earlier and contacted some of his associates.
I don't have anything definite yet, but after investigating these people, I'm confident that as long as we finance them, we could soon have an engineer and an enchanter in our family."
"Oh?" Vicente liked what he heard.
Even if Rory didn't get more than that through his contacts through Lukas, it would be good enough.
Vicente was confident that he could make a deal between himself and Lukas when he returned from this trip. That would give him three young professionals with a long future ahead of them who could join his family.
He would still need a doctor and an alchemist to complete a group with representatives of the most important professions. But that was something he could do later.
He had the card of an alchemist, Liam, from whom he and Rory had bought resources before. This young alchemist looked very promising, and Vice was thinking of approaching him once this journey was over.
With that, he would only need to find a doctor, perhaps the most relevant professional for him at the moment, since he had many concerns about Nina.
Nina was 8-years-old, and time was short. If she didn't get special treatment by the time she turned 14, Vicente knew that her fate in the face of magic would be dark and small.
He had to get a doctor, and he had to raise them to the highest level possible!
"This is not bad. We'll be fine with the resources for the next two or three months." Vicente commented. "What we lack is contacts. These people you've met are critical to us, not only because of their potential to become our companions but because they can introduce us to others with that potential.
When we return, I want you to develop your relationship even with those who are not interested in joining us. Let's see where that takes us."
"OK."
Rory was also aware of how little time Nina had and worried about her as if she were his sister. With Vicente in such a hurry and both in agreement with these plans, there was nothing to argue about.
When they had finished talking about it, their group of carriages finally left the last bit of street in Millfall and entered the dirt road they would follow for the next few hours.
Alpine Woodpecker Forest was a few days' journey from Millfall by ordinary wagon.
With no other means of travel and depending on the few and precarious roads in the province, Vice and his party would have a long and tiring journey ahead of them.
But that didn't mean it would be boring!
As soon as they left Millfall, the Mazzanti party encountered several men, mercenaries, royal soldiers, and guards from local families who were scouting the area.
After 10 minutes of traveling by carriage, their group came upon a group of soldiers standing directly in front of them, blocking the road.
"Boss, there are royal soldiers up ahead telling us to get off the carriages." One of the men controlling the horses in the carriage said, informing the two leaders inside the vehicle.
Hearing this, Vicente was not surprised. "This must be about the robbery of the Irwin family." He muttered and motioned for his men to obey the royal soldiers.
 "Let's see who's watching this place." He looked at Rory, and the two of them walked down the two side doors of the brown carriage.
As they did so, Vice immediately spotted a beautiful blue-haired woman.
"Nova Bain..." Rory looked at his friend immediately after spotting the blue-haired beauty. "I wonder what this woman wants?"
"I don't know. Let's hear her out. It's always good to talk to Captain Bain." Vice said as Rory looked at him.
"What are your intentions with this woman? Don't you think getting involved with her after everything is dangerous?" Rory asked as he walked beside his friend to where Nova and the other soldiers who stopped them were.
"Don't underestimate her. She's more talented and powerful than you think. She's important not only for the situation in Millfall but also for her potential in the Seidel Kingdom. We are small today, my friend, but I must plan for the future, considering we will one day leave this town, perhaps even the province.
She has access to the largest organization in the kingdom, which even has Sovereigns under its influence!" Vicente said, just before he came face to face with Nova's group, so he could no longer talk to Rory about it.
"Captain, it's good to see you again!" He said in a good-natured tone.



Chapter 206 Beginning of the Journey to the Alpine Woodpecker Forest
"Cesar..." Nova looked at the black-haired, silver-masked, well-dressed man as if he were just an ordinary shopkeeper, but she didn't see in him the figure that many who didn't know him could see when watching him in a situation like this.
This man's refinement wouldn't fool her. This was the man who had coldly killed several Acolytes when he was still an Apprentice.
This person had monstrous abilities, but he didn't need them to defeat those who were stronger. With a simple weapon and his calculating skills, he could kill half of such a group nearby in a matter of seconds!
"What are you doing, Cesar?" She asked him.
News of the Mazzanti family and their glorious leader spread daily through Millfall. But only his allies knew of his plans, especially his goal of traveling in search of pentagrams.
Noticing that this beautiful blue-haired woman didn't know where he was going, Vicente answered her. "I am going to hunt pentagrams. I've recently advanced a stage, and some of my men are in the same situation... Why? Will the Captain miss me?"
Nova ignored his comment as the men there watched the situation in silence.
She said. "I would like to search your carriages. We're here to check for possible clandestine exits from our city.
Does everyone in your party have their identification in hand?"
"Of course," Vicente said, understanding that they were looking for people without ID who might be leaving the city secretly.
Everyone who lived in the kingdom's cities had IDs registered in the same city. Once you create one of these identities, the entire Seidel Kingdom army, in this province or any other, would know your origin, and it would be impossible to make another.
With something like that, the soldiers in the group could tell if there was someone who didn't live in Millfall.
But would knowing that make any difference? After all, the criminals who recently attacked the Irwin family could be locals. At the same time, even if someone weren't a resident of Millfall, not every visitor would be a criminal.
But the army had its own methods of investigation. After a few days of being involved in the local investigation, they knew everyone who had recently entered the city and were gradually checking who had left the city in the past few days and who was leaving every day. So they couldn't determine the culprit, but they could find suspicious people who, if investigated thoroughly, could lead them to crucial information.
Unfortunately for Nova, everyone in Vicente's group had been living in Millfall for weeks and had local roles that could easily be checked to prove where they were before, during, and after the incident a few days ago.
There was no one there who wasn't properly registered in Millfall, let alone people hiding in their carriages.
After a quick check of Vicente's men's carriages and IDs, a soldier stopped next to Nova, Vice, and Rory and said. "Captain, everything is in order with their group."
Nova had expected this and told her men to release the Mazzanti family.
But before Vicente and Rory returned to their carriage, she told him. "Don't think I don't know it was you, Cesar. I may not have any proof, but I know it was you! It's the only possible explanation!"
Vice looked at her in silence, noticing she was determined to pursue him.
He laughed and said. "You have a very vivid imagination, Captain. I look forward to hearing your humorous comments when I return from my journey."
As he walked back to his carriage, he waved his hand and said. "By the way, congratulations on reaching level 5. You're as talented as you're beautiful, Captain."
Nova clenched her fists and looked in Cesar's direction with an ugly expression, wanting to hit him. Unfortunately, she had no proof against this person.
"Clear the way!"
She ordered, quickly getting the men in her group to clear the way for the Mazzanti family's three carriages.
With that done, Vicente's group would leave this blockade behind and continue on to their destination.
...
A few days later...
The town gradually returned to normal after the group led by Cesar Mazzanti left Millfall.
The Irwin family still wanted someone to punish. Of course, its members were angry about all they had lost and suffered that fateful day. They and their allies still hadn't found anyone to punish. Still, as the days passed, the local forces lost interest in continuing the investigation.
It wasn't cheap to keep several specialists, mercenaries, and many others in the city looking for enemies.
Even the army didn't want to invest too much in the matter, as they were preparing to hunt down the 3rd stage basilisks in The Rocky Gorge.
The group looking for people to punish even had someone to blame for everything. It was a servant of the Irwin family, Lena, who had gone missing and was already considered an outlaw with a bounty on her head. But with her having fled without a trace, the local authorities had little to go on.
As the days passed, with no trace of Lena, the local powers gradually returned to normal while the Irwin family learned to live with their new situation.
'Impoverished' as they were, the members of this house couldn't afford to waste all their influence and the few resources they had on a fruitless hunt!
 In addition to the bounty they had placed on Lena's head, this house practically accepted its defeat, something unheard of in local history.
As a result, the population commented on the matter daily, with low-level townspeople, servants, outsiders, and low-income mercenaries secretly celebrating the Irwin family's defeat.
Although many people had nothing against the family, they were part of the kingdom's dirty power system.
For those who suffered under the system and had to put up with arrogant young masters and laws that only worked when they punished the weakest and poorest, it was a great joy to see a noble family suffer without being able to take revenge.
As the city returned to normal, in taverns like River's, people young and old, with or without awakened magic powers, dealt with the subject in much the same way.
To them, what had recently happened in this city was no different than a novel at its climax, when an antagonist was finally punished. As "spectators" of this important event, many were happier to see the successful robbery of the Irwin property than to see good things happen to themselves.
Even though they weren't directly involved with the group that carried out the robbery, nor could they be affected by the Irwin family's loss, many people in this town were as happy as if they had won prizes over the past few days!



Chapter 207 Breakthrough
In a tavern in Millfall...
At that moment, a group of middle-aged men dressed like common laborers in dirty clothes sat around a wooden table full of glasses and bottles.
These men had cigarettes and glasses in their hands. Some were smiling, others were eating snacks, but all were cheerful as they talked about the moment of historical karma that Millfall was experiencing.
"The Irwin property thieves are men of the people. These are people who have done justice!" One of the drunken men said.
Another worker, who had spent the last few days in the countryside and only arrived in town this evening to learn of the matter, said. "This is the first time in my life that I've seen nobles suffer!
I thought I would never have the chance to see these scum suffer, but now everything has changed. With the actions of the Irwin Estate thieves, we know it's possible."
Typically, nobles would only lose to other nobles or magicians of a much higher level. But as far as they knew, those who had attacked the Irwin family weren't much stronger than some of Baron Irwin's guards.
Not only was the power of this group of bandits not high, but they had also managed to escape without leaving a trace!
This was the most important thing. By robbing the vault in that house, the group had truly made a great contribution to the society of people who had only lost and been oppressed.
Even though they gained nothing, they felt the weight of being oppressed daily by families like Irwin's finally diminish!
'If I knew who they were, I'd do everything I could to help them.' Thought one of the men as he imagined all the groups like his supporting these thieves.
At the thought of a rebellion, a revolution, this man couldn't help but shiver, moved but aware of how difficult it would be.
It was really hard to imagine a world where they would no longer have to suffer defeats!
This state had justice and a system of laws with predictable punishments. But as in some places on Earth, the rules of this world only apply to the mediocre.
Those above average had their own ways of turning the system in their favor and living outside the law.
On the last level was the royal family, the only power in this state where none of the laws applied to them, and only members of the royal family themselves could judge other members of the royal family.
These ordinary people couldn't imagine equality, so for them, the defeat of a noble family and perhaps the emergence of a group that could terrorize these forces was something they could appreciate and support from afar.
In addition to this group, several others were discussing the same thing and celebrating in different situations around Millfall.
...
But even the Awakening Temple members in this city were talking about it, seeing it differently, of course, but still interested in the recent events in Millfall.
In one of the rooms on the upper level of the building, run by members of the Congregation of Revelation, a group of similarly dressed people were gathered, going about their business while chatting.
"Jasmine, have you heard the news circulating in this city lately?" A relatively young man with a green Magic Gem on his head looked at a woman on the other side who was there to collect the latest data on the awakenings from this temple.
Jasmine, a young-looking woman with pink hair, nodded approvingly. "How could I not have heard? When I checked into a local inn earlier, I overheard some of the staff talking about the robbery of the Irwin family.
It seems that this family lost a lot of resources in that incident."
"Most importantly. No one knows who was responsible for it. The thieves got away with all the resources in that family's vault." This man commented with a twinkle in his eye.
Most of the members of this continental organization came from simple backgrounds. To see one of them excited about a robbery like this wouldn't be so strange, despite their positions.
"And what does it matter to you, Mark?" Jasmine asked as she jotted down a particular name on a list she had with her.
'Fuller...'
Her companions, who were in this city to collect data, also had documents from this Awakening Temple in their hands as they were doing their usual work within this organization.
"Because we have much to gain from it, Jasmine." The man got right to the point. "I have a record of every single thing that has been stolen from that estate. If you help me, we can put out an alert for the possible trafficking of these jewels.
Whoever robbed House Irwin may have the equivalent of nearly 30,000 gold coins. If we find them, we can divide these resources equally."
"Oh? So you want to rob the bandits?" She took her eyes off the plate in her hands to look into the man's eyes.
"Why not? They're thieves. Who will they complain to?" Mark smiled. "Besides, we can put these resources to better use than those thieves, Jasmine. With your skills and potential, you could quickly improve your position at the capital.
Think about it. The realization of your goals may depend on it!"
Jasmine dropped what she was holding to think about this proposal. With her powers within the Congregation of Revelations and her magical form, she had a way to reach the group of bandits. Not only that, if she could get her hands on those coins, she could easily get the resources to become a Mage and buy herself a higher position within that organization.
 "Give me a day to think about it."
...
While many ordinary people celebrated Vicente's theft and others plotted against him, his party had covered more than half the distance between Millfall and Alpine Woodpecker Forest in the past few days.
In order to reach this point in their journey, they faced several minor challenges on their way to their current location, having to deal with magical creatures and even humans.
Two days ago, a group of bandits attacked them and nearly killed some of the men in the group. However, with their firearms, these people overcame the unprepared enemies and survived that challenge.
After that, they had been a little more careful on their journey, and this afternoon, they finally stopped to rest in a village on the way to their destination.
It hadn't been in the group's plans to make this stop, but after days of training on the road, Rory had reached the peak of the 1st stage and was ready to try his luck.
It wouldn't be safe to do so in a forest region with the presence of magical creatures they didn't know about, so immediately after Rory had informed Vice this morning, he had led the group to the nearest village on their way.
They were now in a small inn in that village while Rory had been meditating for over an hour in pursuit of his breakthrough.
But unlike what had happened with Vicente, Rory's breakthrough didn't take long. Within the second hour of his meditation, everyone in his group felt a sudden surge of power from the room he was in.
Rory had reached level 1 of the Acolyte stage!



Chapter 208 The Truth About Magic Pentagrams
Minutes after the signal to advance a level came from Rory's room, Vicente walked in unaccompanied and immediately found his friend standing there, feeling the changes he had undergone.
"Congratulations on moving up a level, hehe. Now we'll be able to hunt pentagrams without reservations." Vicente approached Rory with a smile on his face before patting the redhead's shoulder and giving him a hug.
"Thank you. And yes, I'm looking forward to it." Rory smiled genuinely, finally overcoming the anxiety about his breakthrough that he had been feeling for the last few days.
"When do we leave?"
Listening to his red-haired friend, Vicente walked over to a sofa in the room. "At dawn. It's not good to venture into unknown territory at night. But after that, we'll go straight to our destination. We're not that far from that area anymore."
Rory sat down on the bed in the 30 square meter room, decorated with few things since it was a simple place. "How do we proceed with the pentagram hunt?"
Magic pentagrams were important for people who could awaken their magical powers and for some types of magical beings. They stabilized the mana in these beings and gave them abilities. But that was the most superficial part of this vital element of the magic world!
If analyzed more deeply, Magic Pentagrams would not be seen as mere tools that were mainly useful to humans. They were magical essences of different kinds of beings that could be found all over the realm.
In short, any being that didn't need to absorb pentagrams to strengthen itself could produce these essences in its body.
So, a certain magical beast could generate a pentagram and develop it as it grew stronger. This pentagram would naturally have characteristics associated with the beast that generated it, and its level, represented by its color, would be equivalent to that being's magical refinement.
This didn't mean that a first-level, red, pentagram would necessarily be formed after the beast matured into a 1st-stage beast. That might happen to some, but some beings could finish forming their first-level pentagram when they were already in the 2nd stage.
Even though there were several levels of magic, it didn't mean that there were the same number of different levels of pentagrams!
In any case, any magical being that didn't need to absorb pentagrams to stabilize its power, be it beasts, vegetables, or even minerals, could generate this type of essence.
Usually, those who generated pentagrams were magical beings, organisms with magical metabolism. But a stone or a river could also produce these essences under certain circumstances!
For example, any Magic Gem was capable of generating pentagrams that were similar to the power of the person who absorbed it. But gems were not living beings.
Why could they produce pentagrams?
The answer to this question was related to the origin of the pentagrams, the elements.
Normally, the elements in nature were scattered chaotically, so they couldn't come together to form these unique essences.
What happened was that it was only inside living bodies that these elements were refined to the point where a transformation took place, and these special essences were produced.
But certain areas of this vast realm, under certain circumstances, could meet the requirements to create a pentagram over time!
Because of their special spiritual nature, Magic Gems could fulfill these conditions 100% of the time.
But these conditions could be fulfilled by different things.
A stone with the simple ability to absorb mana could, over countless years, one day give birth to a pentagram. A river could exist for millions of years, and then one day, something happens, and suddenly, a pentagram is born.
The possibilities were endless!
Because the formation of these non-living pentagrams was so special, they were the most valuable to magicians.
They didn't come from living beings, so they would never have anything in them that would make it difficult for magicians to absorb them. At the same time, they were much purer than those produced by living beings and had the same characteristics as those produced by Magic Gems, that is, of developing together with the one who absorbed them.
But they were also scarce, and neither of the two young men expected to find one along their path now.
Vicente answered his friend's question. "The book we got from Defiant Tyranny will take us somewhere. I don't know if it can help us get pentagrams, but I intend to follow the path to the end before I go after my second pentagram.
But before we go all the way, I want to hunt the pentagrams for at least half of our men. We can't underestimate that area.
If even The Rocky Gorge has a 3rd stage beast, we can't rule out the possibility that Alpine Woodpecker Forest has something like that as well."
"Then I'll do the same," Rory said. "If we don't find a creature that's very compatible with me, I'll leave it to hunt for my pentagram after we reach the end of that map."
A magician would always use the word 'hunt' to refer to the search for pentagrams. After all, most of them were created by living beings, many of whom could move around freely.
So, 'hunting' wasn't entirely wrong, even though some pentagrams were created by immobile living beings or even by non-living beings who were also immobile.
Hunting pentagrams was like looking for a wild animal and then taming it.
One would have to find it by its tracks, chase it, and finally conquer it. But even after that, one would still have to overcome the creature's remaining wild will and dominate the pentagram until it was integrated into one's being.
 Because of this, beings of this group's race saw this process as a hunt, a hunt that could make them stronger or kill them.
Just as it was dangerous for humans to hunt wild boar on Earth, it could be dangerous for magicians to hunt pentagrams in Polaris Realm!
Magicians like them wanted pentagrams, while on the other hand, the living beings capable of generating these essences would protect themselves, and not only that, they would try to destroy and devour their enemies, something that could also make them stronger.
Because of the importance of the subject and the danger involved, the two young people talked about it seriously, without joking about the situation, just because they were talented and strong for their age.
"All right. Let's focus our efforts on helping our men get the ideal pentagrams for their talent level." Vicente commented before getting up to go back to his room.
"Get as much rest as you can. We won't be able to do this for a few days starting tomorrow."
"Okay. You should do the same, Vice."



Chapter 209 Orders Before the Hunt
Days later...
After Rory's advance on the village their group had passed through and stopped for a night, the group continued their journey toward the Alpine Woodpecker Forest.
Having encountered no major problems for a group of their level, they reached the entrance to this forest area in the eastern part of Scott Province this morning.
As they followed the dirt road in front of them, the people in the three carriages of the Mazzanti family could already see the surrounding mountains, green in the lower parts but covered with ice on their peaks.
The view was breathtaking, but the abundance of plants, animals, and mana in the surrounding area was even more remarkable.
"Impressive!"
"This place looks perfect for meditation!"
"Yes, the free mana around here seems denser than in Millfall."
Some of the men controlling the carriages commented among themselves upon noticing this fact.
Polaris Realm was a living world!
Not only did islands, continents, and everything in between move around but there were areas with different levels of wealth.
Certain places were much better for growing certain types of crops, while others were very good for meditation, the process by which magicians could absorb free mana in nature and strengthen their bodies, souls, etc.
Not only that but how good a place could be for certain living beings didn't just depend on how blessed a particular place was. Sometimes, the quality of an area depended more on the individual characteristics of the beings.
A volcanic area might be vibrant for a being based on elements directly or indirectly associated with high temperatures. Still, it might be deplorable for a being of the opposite nature.
Magicians were the most complex beings in this world, and within the same race, they could have completely different affinities, something that didn't happen between other races in this world.
But even with so many possibilities between them, most had more or less similar needs as most were beings with mediocre talents and affinities.
As this was an area of common elemental affinities but a little richer than the Millfall area, everyone there realized the difference between their city and this place.
"This place is fascinating. There must be several groups of powerful beasts in this area." Rory commented to Vicente, imagining they would have to fight their way through.
"Yes. Considering that this is the home of the Woodpecker birds, this tribe cannot be weak. We'll have to watch out for them." Vicente commented, feeling that the members of the race that named this region might become a problem for his group.
"But if we have problems with these beings, as long as they're not too dangerous, we can get good pentagrams for our men with an elemental affinity for wood," Rory commented, knowing that some men in his group could benefit from this.
Upon hearing this, Vicente said to the people in front of his carriage. "Let's make a stop. I want to talk to the whole group before we go any deeper."
"Okay, boss!"
In an instant, the group of carriages stopped, and all the men walked over to Vicente and Rory's carriage.
"From now on, we'll encounter more danger on our journey, but not only that, we're entering the area where we'll find the easiest targets for our hunt. So get ready to make camp and start to go after our objective here. I want to hunt at least 9 pentagrams in the next 3 days!"
Most of the pentagram-forming beings themselves did not move freely outside of their dominion. Therefore, their group couldn't simply continue their journey to the place indicated on their map. It might even happen that one or the other of these beings showed up without them going after them, but it was unlikely that many of these beings would come to them.
Not only that, but each person had their own ideal pentagram. So it could also happen that no being compatible with the men in Vicente's group happened to come their way.
The name pentagram hunting was no accident. They really had to hunt!
So Vicente planned to set up camp as soon as he reached an area deeper in the region where they could study creatures with the potential to help his men.
The people in his group knew how pentagram hunting worked, as it was a primary subject taught in every academy in the kingdom.
Even less talented people knew the basics, and everyone there readily agreed, looking forward to getting their pentagrams.
Vicente said. "But I can't promise that all of you will get the best possible pentagrams for your level. Some of you will probably have to absorb red pentagrams."
The ideal for a 2nd-stage magician was to have the first pentagram red and the second orange.
But even though there was only a one-level difference between these two types of pentagrams, the difference was much greater than anyone could imagine.
While someone in the 2nd stage with the average talent of these men could absorb a red pentagram with relative ease, there was a risk of failure with orange pentagrams.
Above that, one could even die if they dared to absorb something of a higher level!
 The men in Vicente's group had red and orange talents, low talents that would make the whole situation much more complicated for them.
Those with red talents had little chance of absorbing orange pentagrams.
Knowing this, Vicente didn't wait for the moment when some of these men might want to try something more difficult than they could handle but made it clear to everyone that some would have to accept something closer to their reality.
The level of the pentagram did not limit their future, only their ability to fight with their skills. A magician's potential and progress pace was determined by talent, something that could hardly be changed.
As a result, some of the crowd felt sorry for themselves, but they didn't question the words of their leader, who knew more about these theories than anyone else.
Even Rory was no match for Vicente's knowledge level and knew that he would choose the level of the pentagram that the men there would absorb.
"All right, let's get back on track. But be ready to act. Have your weapons in hand. They can help you achieve the best pentagram your bodies can handle."
"Yes, boss!"
They all said simultaneously before returning to their formation and heading deeper into the forest area ahead to begin their hunt.



Chapter 210 Beginning of the Hunt
Hours after entering the Alpine Woodpecker Forest, Vicente and his group left their carriages at a place where they would set up a small temporary camp.
As low-level magicians, their needs were very similar to those of ordinary people without Magic Gems. They needed to rest, eat, and sleep. In short, they couldn't just go out and explore this unknown region without a resting place for the group to return to each day.
After setting up camp that same day, the group would split into two, one group with fewer members to take care of the camp and the other to actually go hunting for pentagrams.
Along with 10 Acolytes, nine at level 1 and one at level 2, Vicente and Rory would go on their first hunt, searching for red-grade pentagrams for the less talented of their men.
...
Two days later...
After Vice's group began their journey in search of pentagrams for 9 of his men, they successfully found beasts with red pentagrams on them.
After encountering three such beings in those two days that were compatible with the less gifted of the group's first half that would absorb pentagrams, Vicente, Rory, and seven of his men did what they could to help those three.
The pentagrams had to be conquered. This meant that one had to overcome the challenge of absorbing such an essence, which became very difficult when the one attempting to do so was not the same one who had killed the entity that had created the pentagram.
Following this logic, the men in the group basically helped the three to limit the space of the beasts that had the pentagrams compatible with them, preventing their escape routes, sometimes even immobilizing them.
But the more one did to defeat one of these beings, the easier it would be for them to absorb the pentagram generated by the defeated being. Thus, Vicente's group avoided getting involved in the battles of the three men as much as possible, only participating when necessary.
As a result, over those two days, three of the ten men who had hunted alongside Rory and Vice had received their new Magic Pentagrams and the eventual benefits of obtaining such a thing!
Having successfully hunted down the last of these pentagrams hours ago, Vicente's group was currently in their camp, resting before returning to their hunt.
...
At dawn of a new day, Vicente and his group were up early, all around a campfire, eating and getting ready to go out again.
Holding a hot drink, Vicente looked at his group and said. "Today, I want the three of you who have already absorbed your pentagrams to stay behind and help care for the camp.
We'll hold our position for another day or two, and then we'll move on."
The core of each area was always the most dangerous when it came to beast territory. After all, a beast would hardly choose to live on the outskirts of an area where there were fewer natural structures to protect them or give them geographical advantages.
Therefore, in such regions, stronger beings would stay deeper in these areas. Consequently, better pentagrams could be found deeper in such sites.
Moving on would be more dangerous than staying where they were, but it would also speed up their journey. That is, the outer areas were safer, but powerful beings less densely populated them. In other words, finding a good target there might be more difficult than in the more dangerous areas, which could increase the group's hunting time.
Thus, Vicente wanted to spend a short time there before going deeper to complete his initial goal of having 9 of his men with new pentagrams before heading to the point the group's map led to.
Over the next two days, he planned to reach a few more red pentagrams and perhaps an orange one before the group continued into the area.
The three men who had absorbed new pentagrams were now much stronger and could be considered more powerful than even the level 2 Acolytes in the group. As such, they would stay behind to protect their horses and carriages while three others would take their place in the hunting group.
After selecting the three who would join the group on that day's hunt, Vicente stood up and said. "The rest of you wait for us until nightfall. I'll try to get the pentagrams for our companions with red talent before nightfall."
"Yes, boss!"
So the group of 10 soldiers, Vice and Rory, set off again, leaving 8 people behind.
Walking with rifles in their hands and revolvers at their belts, Vice and his 11 men were soon walking like soldiers in a forest, each keeping watch in a different direction and paying attention to their surroundings.
Meanwhile, Vicente had his ability in use, with his red pentagram in front of one of his hands, as he used his magnetic abilities to sense the living beings in the area.
Vicente was able to use his powers to identify the location of the living beings in the area and also tell their power level. With this, the group had been looking for targets with a high chance of having pentagrams formed in their essence.
After finding one creature a few minutes after leaving his camp, Vice used special signals to indicate it to his men and warned his group to move silently around the target.
Everyone in the group began to move more cautiously, using the surroundings to their advantage, trees, and rocks to hide behind as they approached their target.
Rory used a bush of a plant incapable of absorbing mana to hide and soon saw a white-furred beast, a fox, standing next to a puddle of water.
Feeling the aura of that 2nd stage creature, Rory shook his head negatively.
'It's no match for anyone in our group.' He lamented, seeing that it wouldn't make sense for them to go up against such a fox.
What made pentagram hunting so time-consuming and tiring was not only the fact that the hunters had to be careful not to frighten their targets but also that they often encountered creatures that were not compatible with their goals.
 Since no one there was a beast tamer, soon not only Rory but the whole group would move away from the beast and return to their hunt in search of beings compatible with the people in the group.
But it wouldn't be long before they found their next target!



Chapter 211 The Goal Orange Pentagram
Hours into their third day of hunting in Alpine Woodpecker Forest, Vicente's group would hunt the first pentagram of the day, and another of his men would successfully absorb such essence.
After that, they would continue their journey until Vice noticed a relatively powerful being on their path who exuded a level 4 Acolyte aura!
Sensing that someone dangerous to his group was nearby, he alerted his men and brought them into formation, weapons aimed at their surroundings while circulating mana through their eyes and hands.
For these armed men, the most important thing was not to use their magical abilities related to their pentagrams but to use them in their weapons. That was what gave them the most power and the best chance of survival!
So, as they cautiously approached Vicente's target, the 10 men didn't even consider using their unique abilities as they felt the strain of approaching a level 4 Acolyte.
When one of these men, an Orange-talented one, saw the being they had just sensed at the top of one of the trees there, he gulped down his saliva at the sight and the sensation emanating from that being.
Gulp!
'This essence...' He thought to himself as he looked at this being with the body of a bird, the head of a maiden, the face pale with hunger, and long claws on its hands.
'A Harpy!' Rory's eyes widened as he identified the creature at the top of the tree they were approaching.
A Harpy was a type of magical creature that formed pentagrams. Not only that, but this creature was compatible with the gem of one of the nine men who had room for new pentagrams in their beings.
Vicente saw this creature, looked at one of his level 2 men, and saw that it was perfectly compatible with this one's magical form, which was based on the wind element.
The man with orange talent also noticed this and immediately felt a connection with the creature, knowing that the pentagram it would give to whoever killed it would be very good for him.
'This is an orange pentagram!' He clenched his fists as he saw the fourth capable of producing such a thing that he and the group had passed by since they arrived in this area.
They had seen many magical beings over the past few days, ignoring most of the 1st stage ones and focusing on the 2nd stage ones, which normally had a 100% chance of having a pentagram on them.
But most of the 2nd stage magical beings had only red pentagrams on them. Finding one with an orange pentagram was as rare as finding a magician with a green talent.
With this in mind, such a man tightened his fingers around his weapon, eager to kill that creature.
But just as he was about to take the first step, he felt his weapon's trigger stiffen so that he couldn't shoot the creature.
Looking at Vicente, he understood that his leader had acted against him.
But Vicente didn't look at the man. Aware that his weapons wouldn't kill this Harpy, he slowly moved a metal bar towards the creature's body.
This was a beast, not the ordinary magician he and his men were used to dealing with in Millfall. A beast's body was very resilient, and its powers were primarily focused on physical strength. In other words, the bullets from those weapons wouldn't be able to injure seriously that Harpy's skin even in large quantities!
The men nearby realized the problem when they noticed what Vice was doing.
Rory looked at the piece of metal being manipulated by Vice and watched as it turned into something resembling a snake and crawled up a tree toward the beast.
Meanwhile, another piece of metal hovered before Vicente as he prepared his next move.
'50... 48... 46...' Vicente ignored his men and measured the distance between the steel 'snake' and the creature.
When such a thing was 20 meters away from the Harpy, it suddenly took its eyes off the prey it was watching at the top of the tree, feeling a magical fluctuation approaching it.
But just as it was about to look at Vicente's metallic 'snake,' it suddenly heard the sound of air being cut and looked over to where a young human had just shot a metallic arrow at it at high speed.
The Harpy's eyes narrowed, and it clearly saw the human who had attacked it and almost immediately felt that it would be in danger if it stayed there.
But even with this feeling that it should flee, it had to defend itself from the attack quickly coming towards its chest, or it would be in trouble!
It put its wings in front of its body, forming a hard-to-penetrate shield filled with mana that transformed its wings, making them thicker and bigger.
But as it prepared to receive Vicente's attack, this young man smiled and used his hands to manipulate the metallic 'snake,' causing it to strike at one of the creature's feet.
'Gotcha!'
As it felt a blow to its wings, enough to express pain, the Harpy didn't care how much damage the human had done to it with that blow. It looked down at one of its feet and saw what looked like a thick, heavy handcuff attached to it.
As it jumped into the air to try to fly away, the arrow that had hit it fused with this metal object in its feet, and it felt an indescribable weight pulling it down.
If it could think rationally, it would ask itself, "What is this?"
It had never dealt with a situation like this before!
 But as it tried to flap its wings, the force pulling it down became stronger and stronger, and suddenly, it found itself falling faster and faster toward the ground.
All it could do was scream before it hit the ground between Vicente's men.
Boom!
Rocks exploded, and a crater formed where this creature with a wingspan of about 3 meters and a weight of 150 kilos fell.
At that moment, Vicente shouted to all his men. "Fire!"
Bang!
All 11 people in the vicinity pulled the triggers on their weapons and fired mana-loaded bullets at various points on the body.
Knowing that they wouldn't kill her with this burst of fire, no one held back for the sake of the companion who would absorb the pentagram that was about to emerge from this creature.
Wounded, confused, and unprepared for this barrage of attacks, the Harpy felt pain throughout her body as several bullets penetrated deep into her wings and skin.



Chapter 212 Results (1)
The moment his men fired their weapons, Vicente used one of his special spells and immediately pinned the creature's legs to the ground while increasing the amount of metal on its body.
Doing this to immobilize it, Vicente focused on the creature's wings, the greatest weapon it had to defend itself, attack, and escape.
Not only that but there were no vital organs in its wings!
Using them to increase the amount of metal on it was the best Vice could do without slowing down his men, who were shooting at the creature's vital points.
Even though they couldn't kill it to not interfere with the possible absorption of its pentagram by one of these men, the group unloaded the ammunition in their weapons into that creature.
It was very sturdy, and only by doing so could they wound it enough to create a chance for one of them to kill it!
Several bullets from different directions entered its body around where it had fallen as it struggled on the ground, screaming in pain and trying to get away.
Meanwhile, Rory was a few feet above the creature on a tree branch, using his explosive ability to increase the effectiveness of the attacks of the men in his group.
Boom!
Another explosion erupted in the creature's chest and back, causing it to wriggle more violently as its precious feathers fell off, gradually revealing its white skin.
The moment he saw several superficial wounds on the creature's back, but one deeper wound, Vice smiled and said. "Colt, be quick! Kill it with this perforation!"
Hearing this, Colt looked at the hole one of his companions' bullets had made in the creature's back, where a trail of blood ran around an area full of superficial wounds.
After all the group's efforts, the Harpy's mighty coat had been pierced by a single bullet!
As impressive as this was, it was also a sign of temporary weakness!
Unable to withstand so many simultaneous attacks and with its defenses weak enough to allow a bullet to enter its body, such a Harpy was vulnerable.
At Vicente's warning, all the men stopped firing and took the opportunity to reload their weapons as Colt slowly approached it.
Seeing this, Vicente moved the metal on the creature, forcing it to the ground and holding it so it wouldn't escape.
"Be quick! It's weakened but not finished!" He shouted at the man, encouraging him to run into the creature's back as he switched weapons, picking up a sword and pointing it at the hole in the beast's back.
"Aaah! Die!" He shouted as he used his magic skill, which was based on the wind element and could boost his speed and attack strength.
He moved faster, and mana shone more brightly around that sword.
Puff!
When it hit the unprotected skin of the Harpy, it stopped struggling to escape and tried to raise its head while letting out a long, painful scream.
But having struck the heart of his target, Colt, as he pulled his sword from the Harpy's back, saw it lose all its strength and finally collapse to the ground, no longer squirming.
Vicente removed his metals and watched the creature die 10 seconds after Colt's final attack.
As each of the men in the group held their positions, Rory saw an orange glow emerge from such a body, the first of its kind he had ever seen.
As the Harpy died, the pentagram it had been nurturing separated from its being and emerged from its back, slowly floating in the air like a hologram.
From there, a mana pulse appeared as the orange pentagram rotated on its axis in the air at a slow speed.
It had with it a terrible sensation but was also quite powerful for each of these men.
'Impressive.' One of the men in the group who had already absorbed his second pentagram thought to himself, imagining that in the future, he might be able to absorb one as good as the one in front of him.
Meanwhile, Rory couldn't help but notice the remnants of that Harpy in the orange pentagram that was now free to be absorbed.
'Colt will have to be firm. Overcoming that beast's will won't be easy.' The young redhead thought to himself, aware that how it had died had not been dignified.
What they had done was nothing to be proud of. They had acted against a creature stronger than all of them, which was a good thing from any point of view. But they had weapons that made their actions easier, and many allies acted against a single being.
At the same time, the Harpy was not an enemy but their hunting target.
So, the resentment it had generated before its death, which was associated with its pentagram, was not simple.
If Colt had defeated it alone, without any help from his companions, he would probably have absorbed the pentagram with ease since he had an orange talent. But since that hadn't been the case, and the whole group had helped him, he now had to win a new battle.
 "Colt, don't waste time. Start absorbing that pentagram." Vicente said to the man, who was momentarily mesmerized by the beauty of the orange pentagram in front of him.
Swallowing his saliva and putting aside the anticipation he felt inside, he promptly sat down over the Harpy's corpse with his legs crossed, closed his eyes, and began to meditate.
Absorbing pentagrams was simple. All one had to do was get into a comfortable position, circulate their mana in their Magic Gem, and act as if they were meditating as usual. The only difference with this meditation was that one had to "open up" the space in their gem for a new pentagram, which, of course, put them in a vulnerable position.
As Colt did so, his orange Magic Gem immediately glowed brightly, and his first pentagram appeared around his body.
Then the mana in the surrounding area began to enter his Magic Gem, while the orange pentagram above him trembled, feeling strongly attracted to the free 'space' in the body below.
A magician wouldn't have to try to force the pentagram into them and connect with it. In situations like this, the pentagram, with a similar elemental affinity to the magician, would feel the magical attraction to that being and move toward it naturally.
Pentagrams could not exist outside of an appropriate "container" for long.
So when it sensed something compatible, the pentagram soon found its way to Colt.
However, this was only the first step in the process of absorbing Magic Pentagrams!



Chapter 213 Results (2)
Hours would pass after Colt began to absorb the orange pentagram.
As with any other breakthrough attempt, talent had much to do with how difficult and fast the process of absorbing pentagrams was.
The level of the pentagram itself was related to the talent of the person absorbing it, but it wasn't that simple. For example, a person with a green talent couldn't absorb a green pentagram in the 2nd-stage.
The highest known level for a magician's second pentagram was the second one, orange.
Beyond that, even if some magicians had enough understanding to try to absorb something above that, the mana consumed by one of those pentagrams would be so high that the magician's body wouldn't be able to withstand any activation. Just having it in your body would be extremely costly, and activating it would be like courting death.
So, having a higher talent wouldn't allow someone to absorb a better pentagram because that would depend on the amount of mana in a magician's body, which correlates to the level, not the talent.
But while talent didn't affect this for talented people to have better pentagrams, it did for less talented people.
The level of the pentagram you were interested in was what your body and mana could handle. But to absorb it, one had to overcome the absorption barrier created by the will of the being who created it.
Hence, while talent didn't allow people to absorb better pentagrams at lower levels, it did limit those with low talent, and a person with red talent would hardly be able to absorb an orange pentagram at the 2nd stage.
This would also happen to someone with orange talent when they reached the 3rd stage and would probably not be able to absorb the ideal pentagram for the 3rd stage, a yellow one.
Anyway, as someone with an orange talent, absorbing any pentagram would already take longer than it would for someone with a superior talent. But with the Harpy's grudge, Colt would fight the creature's remaining will for hours.
When dawn broke the following day, the party was still in the same spot where the Harpy had fallen.
Everyone was tired but held their positions, waiting for Colt to finish absorbing the pentagram.
But no one there was worried about Colt's life. Absorbing a pentagram of the same level as one's talent and compatible with the amount of mana in one's body would hardly risk the magician's life.
The risk was that they would fail.
If one failed to absorb a pentagram in the first attempt, it would be diluted into the air, and that is it.
But while some opened their mouths to yawn, longing to return to camp, Vicente watched Colt and felt that this man would not fail after so many hours.
'He will finish soon.' He noticed the orange pentagram fading from the man's body and then the mana around Colt suddenly increasing in density.
Looking at the pale, extremely sweaty, and panting man, Vice saw Colt's appearance change significantly, and his body began to inflate, becoming more attractive in every way.
A gust of mana came out of him, and a strong wind formed in the surrounding area, completely waking up even the sleepy men who wanted to rest.
At that moment, Colt finished absorbing the pentagram, having won his mental battle with the Harpy remnant.
Opening his eyes, he immediately smiled as he stood up, clenching his fists and feeling 'complete.'
He looked at the creature's corpse and mentally thanked it for the new power he had gained.
With it, he could do much more with his ability from now on!
Seeing that his man was ready to leave, Vicente sighed and said. "Time to go back, boys! After we rest a bit, we'll move our camp!"
The group left soon after, leaving the Harpy's body behind, not caring at all for the flesh of a creature that looked partly human.
Such magical creatures could be valuable to magicians in many ways. One could look at their meat, skin, feathers, bones, and claws. In short, everything on the body of a magical creature could be useful for creating artifacts or artificial resources.
But it wasn't so easy to carry around the corpses of these creatures, and removing these parts without damaging them was something no one there knew how to do.
Because they didn't have enough storage items, the group didn't collect the remains of the creatures they had killed so far.
But that wasn't a bad thing. Even without the rich essences in their bodies, beasts' corpses were very good for other weaker beasts to devour and become stronger.
Leaving such corpses behind could help lower-level creatures increase their power and create pentagrams or even develop better pentagrams.
This was important for the sustainability of this magical reality!
Finally, with the dawn of a new day, the group would stop to rest before continuing their journey.
...
Three days later...
 After one of his men had absorbed the first orange Magic Pentagram, Vicente led his group deeper into the forest.
After setting up a temporary camp in a new area, he and his men returned to the hunt for magical creatures capable of producing the essences they needed to strengthen themselves and increase the stability of their foundations.
After returning to hunt for these essences, this time in a deeper part of the Alpine Woodpecker Forest, the group quickly found beings compatible with their men.
In just 3 days, the group hunted down and killed 7 beasts, giving some of their men the opportunity to absorb orange pentagrams.
Some failed in their attempts, but most were successful, helping the group surpass Vicente's original goal and get 10 men with new pentagrams.
Five had absorbed red pentagrams, while the other five received orange pentagrams.
Among them, the two level 2 Acolytes in the group, the ones most concerned with stabilizing their foundation, managed to absorb what they had been waiting for for weeks, finally gaining new abilities.
And so, as dawn broke on a new day at the second site where the group had camped in this region, Vicente soon gathered his people together to give new orders!
They were no longer far from the central part of this location, and according to Vicente's estimates, they could reach the spot marked on his map in no more than three more days.
When Vicente met his group this morning, he looked at his men, who were happily eating, and announced.
"Get ready. In an hour, we're leaving for our destination. I don't intend to stop to hunt or camp until we reach our destination!" He told everyone, making Rory smile with satisfaction, eager to see where the map of Defiant Tyranny would take them.



Chapter 214 Growth
As Vicente and his group continued their journey through the Alpine Woodpecker Forest, the Mazzanti family grew with each passing day.
With the recent changes that had taken place in the family, their territory had gone from a few shops in the eastern part of Millfall to a de facto area where not only shops but houses and streets were part of their domain.
With this change, the Mazzanti family group no longer had three guards at each shop in their shops. Now, only one of their soldiers stood guard at each tavern and establishment, such as the Zander Brothers' and River's, while most staff kept an eye on the surroundings.
Anyone who caused trouble not only in the shops but on the streets or in the resistances of their territory would suffer the consequences previously suffered by the thieves or daring patrons of Zander's tavern.
With such a change, the small group of men of the Mazzanti family managed to maintain the peace and security of these establishments, even though their territory had grown far beyond the number of men working for the family in recent days.
And with the expansion into the territory of the former Defiant Tyranny faction, the group was experiencing its finest moment in Millfall!
...
"Thank you for your understanding, Your Grace. Your support is critical to us." One of the Acolytes left in the city by Vicente said as he greeted Shelby's father in the Baron's office.
Seeing the bag of gold coins in front of him, Baron Staples smiled, seeing that the recent changes in the city had not affected his operations as he had feared.
"Haha, there's no need to thank me. Your family and Cesar are wonderful. I've always wanted to do business with you." The Baron said as he led the masked and well-dressed man out of his residence, envisioning a great future with the Mazzanti family.
The Mazzanti family was very efficient, working with low costs, and they were willing to give up more of their profits to please their supporters!
Defiant Tyranny, for example, gave only 50% of its profits to the families that supported it. But the Mazzanti family was delivering 70% of their profits, which was impressive to these noble families of Millfall, who wanted coins more than anything else.
Even though they had sided against Cesar a few weeks ago, practically none of the nobles in town remembered Ryker and saw Cesar as their new great friend.
Vicente's soldier smiled under his mask.
They gave a large part of their profits to these nobles, but it was for the good of their own group.
They weren't unaware of the trouble they could get into when the Viscount returned to the city from his journey. So they bought the support of the local noble families while Viscount Symons was away.
'Today, we seem to be working for you, nobles, but it won't always be like this...' That soldier thought to himself, imagining the dependence they were creating on these nobles.
Vicente was no fool. As long as he was weak, he would give these powers enough to make them happy and protect his people in the light of day. But that wouldn't always be the case!
"I hope to see Your Grace again soon with better results." The Mazzanti soldier said just as they arrived at the door of the Staples residence, where Shelby was just passing next to a red-haired servant.
"Good morning, my noble father." The woman with orange hair, the same color as the middle-aged man next to the masked soldier, said as she made way for them and bowed her head.
As a daughter, Shelby was just a tool for the Staples family to gain alliances and heirs. She had to bow to her father, her stepmothers, and the family heir and walk the line.
As an intelligent woman, she didn't challenge the most influential people in her family and was quite capable of bowing to them, though she was honest about her disagreements.
Baron Staples looked at his daughter and said. "Shelby, this is an emissary from Cesar Mazzanti, a family friend."
Hearing her father introduce one of the Vice's men, Shelby did what she was supposed to: greeted the soldier and showed that House Staples treated its friends well.
"Nice to meet you. Your party is very prominent. I'm sure you'll become one of the biggest influences in our town in no time." She said with a smile, something her father couldn't understand.
"The young lady is exaggerating. We're just acting where no one else is. We don't have such big ambitions. The Scarlet Syndicate is definitely the name of the game." The soldier said, catching the Baron's attention.
"I think you should be more bold, Pyke. The Defiant Tyranny has left a lot of business that the Scarlet Syndicate can't handle alone." The Baron said, wanting Cesar's group to be bolder and grow more in this city.
Between the Mazzanti family, who were willing to distribute more coins to their supporters, and the Scarlet Syndicate, who were already stable in the city's underworld, he preferred Cesar's house. That was the faction that could pay him the most!
Shelby looked at Pyke, an alias Vice's soldiers used in public, and said. "I know you have to be careful where you expand your activities, but the Scarlet Syndicate alone won't be able to take over everything Defiant Tyranny has left.
Your group should take care of two things left by Defiant Tyranny. The casino and the brothel that faction ran."
"Oh?" Baron Staples looked at his daughter and narrowed his eyes, seeing that this woman knew more about Millfall's current situation than he had imagined.
'If you were a man, Shelby, you would be my heir...' He sighed in disappointment that a woman was the most intelligent of his children.
Then he said. "You should look into this. The Scarlet Syndicate is focused on taking over the resources and human trafficking that Defiant Tyranny led in our city. The group's casinos and brothels are definitely not being targeted by them right now."
"We will work on it, Your Grace." 'Pyke' replied, aware that his leaders would see no problem in engaging in such activities.
After all, Rory was the son of a bitch who currently run a brothel in Martell Village!
 Hell, them controlling gambling and prostitution in the city was the natural progression of things!
With that, he returned to his morning destination of delivering the coins of the noble families that supported the Mazzanti family.
Shelby and her father stayed behind to watch the man leave in one of the Mazzanti family carriages.
He said quietly to her. "Don't get involved in these things, Shelby. You should concentrate on becoming a good wife to young master Symons."
"That doesn't stop me from studying the local reality, Father."
"Does it? I'm not sure. If you can do that while being a good wife to young master Symons, why don't you go to him and please him a little? I don't want to turn the Symons family against the Mazzanti family." He looked at her, indicating what she should do.
Shelby clenched her fists in anger but controlled herself to not show her father everything she had in mind.
She smiled graciously at him as if there was nothing wrong with what he was suggesting.
'Do you understand what I have to deal with, Vicente? My own father sees me as a breeding mare!
Do you blame me for the way I acted towards you? Can you understand my desperation?'
She left, imagining her ally and his importance to her life.



Chapter 215 Investigation
While Shelby was dealing with her own problems, something was happening at the Seidel Kingdom's royal army headquarters in Millfall...
A group of soldiers lined up in several rows in the courtyard of this barracks, while a group of high-ranking soldiers who had just arrived at this post were meeting there.
"Twelfth Steel Troop Commander, Peter Asper, from the capital, present!"
"Fourth Red Troop Commander, Arthur Hogan, from Saltstar City, present!"
"Second Bone Troop Commander, Alex Regan, of Dryhaven, present!"
Three men of the same rank as the Commander of the Millfall outpost stood in front of Christopher Hogan while the man held a formal position to greet the reinforcements he had recently requested.
Looking at his older brother, who had come from the capital, Christopher thanked everyone there. "Thank you for responding to my call. I hope we can resolve the situation in The Rocky Gorge in the next few weeks."
"Don't worry, Chris, we'll take care of this problem." The strongest one there, Peter, said as he looked at his younger brother and patted one of the shoulders of the guy he hadn't seen in years.
"Yes, my troops will arrive in a few days, and then we'll have twice as many men as you have here," Alex commented.
Arthur agreed. "Hopefully, we'll have it settled by the end of the month, when we'll be eating basilisk meat!"
The men smiled as each relevant soldier at this Millfall outpost took their positions, watching the gathering of Mages in silence.
Nova stood among the soldiers and looked at the Commanders with fervor in her eyes, imagining that in a few months, she would reach that rank and command her own troop.
In the Seidel Kingdom, not every army Commander led the rank of a city, as was the case in Millfall.
Millfall was a small city with a population of around 60,000, and it only needed one soldier of the rank of Commander in its post. Cities like Saltstar City had more than half a dozen soldiers of the rank of Commander.
But each Commander led their own troop and had certain freedoms that a lower-ranked soldier didn't have.
Thinking about the day when she would become a Mage and take the test to become a Commander, this blue-haired woman couldn't help but feel anxious.
'If I do well in this hunt, I could get a recommendation and the merit points needed for the Commander's Test!' She thought to herself.
...
In another part of Millfall, Nina and Eve went to the academy where this young girl studied.
Nina had asked Eve daily about Vice and what he and Rory were doing. But she knew that her brother wouldn't be back for a while as he was on an important business trip.
However, there wasn't a day that went by that she didn't think about what he might be doing, imagining the adventures of being an adult and being able to go on trips.
As much as she had traumatic travel experiences, Nina had no problem traveling because she had become deaf and lost her mother. Despite everything, she was a happy child who had overcome these losses.
There were times when she felt sad when she remembered everything she had been through. Still, with her new local friends, Eve, Rory, Vice, and the men who worked for her family, Nova and Shelby, she was able to cope well.
That's why when one saw her walking with difficulty to the academy, one would see her with a happy look on her face and would hardly imagine what she had been through.
Seeing this from a distance, one of the men following her couldn't help but be curious.
'What's wrong with her?' This person thought as he watched Eve say goodbye to Nina at the door of one of the local academies.
'It doesn't matter. I'll find out soon enough. We'll have plenty of time to talk!' He smiled from the shadows he used to move in as he entered the academy and followed Nina.
"Time to come with me, Miss Fuller!"
Arriving at a place where there were few people, he quickly grabbed Nina from behind and covered her mouth before taking her in his arms and walking away!
...
Meanwhile, a few dozen kilometers north of Millfall, a group of three people dressed in the Awakening Temple's uniform were standing in a forest next to a campfire.
Among these people, a man looked around while a grey-haired woman stirred the fire and prepared something for them to eat.
At the same time, a woman with pink hair sat in a lotus position over a square stone while an orange pentagram circled her body.
The green Magic Gem on her forehead glowed as she searched for her target.
The level 5 male, the same as his two companions, glanced at the pink-haired woman and clenched his fists. 'If Jasmine finds the Irwin family thieves, we can change our lives.' He thought to himself as he looked at her with satisfaction. 'With her by my side and these coins, I'll be able to get everything I want.'
 But as he looked at the grey-haired woman by the fire, he had completely different thoughts than those he had with Jasmine.
'I will find a way to eliminate Arya when the time comes and blame it on the Irwin family thieves. Ultimately, I'll have Jasmine's heart and half the coins the thief stole!' He looked around mischievously, a terrifying smile on his face.
But while Mark was thinking about these plans for the near future, Jasmine suddenly opened her eyes as her gem glow faded and her pentagram slowly returned to her body.
"I have their trail back." She said as she saw in front of her what looked like a group of three carriages and several men, all made up of a red aura.
Jasmine's magical form made her an excellent investigator. All she needed was a small clue to trace the entire journey of her targets and thus locate them.
Seeing the trail left by her targets, Jasmine smiled as she held a piece of metal in her hands, which connected her to the Irwin estate thief.
"How many more days do we have to travel?" The girl asked her companion.
Jasmine said. "I don't know. Every time the enemy group stops, they lose much of their advantage. They're weaker than us, so we're more rapid. But if they keep moving, they could add days, maybe weeks, to our journey."
"It doesn't matter. Everything will be fine if we can catch up with them." Mark commented, eager to continue his journey searching for the Irwin property thieves.
"Yeah. Let's keep going."
With that, it wouldn't be long before the group returned on the road, heading for Alpine Woodpecker Forest!



Chapter 216 Unexpected Encounter
Two days later...
Deep in the Alpine Woodpecker Forest, a group of 20 Acolytes slowly made their way through the trees of this densely wooded region.
Of these 20 Acolytes, 18 had rifles in their hands, walking slowly in formation, ready to fire their weapons at the slightest sign of trouble.
At the same time, the group's leaders, masked like everyone else there, had no weapons in their hands but were also alert as they moved.
A young man with red hair was at the back, while a tall, strong young man with black hair was at the front, holding a map in front of him, more or less locating himself in this area.
Using a map in this world wasn't like on Earth, where you could easily understand the path between a starting point and an ending point. There was no GPS in Polaris Realm, and one would have to recognize the terrain and certain locations depicted on the map to know where they were and how to get to their destination.
Fortunately, the Academy of Stars had taught Vice and Rory how to use maps, and even though it was much more difficult than following a GPS, the young Fuller had been able to lead his people with ease.
But that didn't mean his group had reached this point in their journey quickly or without encountering dangerous situations.
Over the past few days, they had understood why this region had the word "woodpecker" in its name. There was a breed of woodpecker that had developed in this region. In the outer parts of this mountainous region, one would hardly find these creatures. However, if one went into the depths of the area, the chances of encountering these creatures would be very high.
Vicente's group had seen several woodpeckers in the area over the past few days and had almost come face-to-face with them.
Besides the woodpeckers, several other creatures had crossed the group's path.
Fortunately, none of these problems had affected them too much.
As far as they could see, their path did not pass through any magical creature territory in the area. Because of this, the group had avoided a lot of problems they might have had if they hadn't been in possession of the map that Vice was currently following.
The small encounters with beasts they had had were not enough to threaten the group, and they were still in their initial formation from when they had entered this region.
But as they moved deeper into this mountainous region, the group got closer to their goal and naturally moved more cautiously.
Vicente could sense that the presence of powerful beings in the area was greater than in the areas they had passed through so far, and he couldn't help but be cautious as he led his men.
'The area we were in two days ago was home to many low-level 2nd-stage beings, at level 1 and 2. It wouldn't be easy to encounter level 4 beasts like the Harpy we encountered there. But it's different here.' Vice thought to himself as he used his magnetic ability to sense what lay ahead and noticed several powerful auras for the level of his group.
'But there are many levels 3 and 4 beings here. I've even spotted some level 5 on the way.' He felt a drop of sweat trickle down his back as he imagined that there were probably low-level 3rd-stage beings in this area.
If they came across one of those beings, all they could do was run away!
'Fortunately, I have this map!' Vice sighed because, without it, he would have already entered a place he shouldn't have and had problems with several powerful creatures in the area.
'I hope this is a safe route to something of value.' He prayed in his heart while trampling leaves and the wind were the only thing he and his men could hear.
However, as they slowly took step after step, everyone in the group suddenly changed their expressions, hidden by their masks, as they turned their faces in the direction from which they heard something different.
Swooish!
Suddenly, the sound of a blade slicing through the air came from the right side of the group, a little further away from where they were standing.
Immediately, everyone in the group turned their weapons in that direction while Vicente used his ability to sense what exactly had caused it.
"Professor Julian?" Vice muttered as he felt a familiar aura coming from the direction the noise had come from.
When mana was attached to a body, it received the mark created by the peculiarities of that body, enough to distinguish any magician in the world.
Even twin brothers with similar Magic Gems and Magic Pentagrams of the same nature would have enough differences to be distinguished by their auras.
Sensing something he already knew, Vicente had no trouble noticing what was coming from one of the six magicians near where his group was.
Rory heard it and asked. "Professor Julian? Is he here? What's going on?"
"It seems so," Vicente replied. "Besides him, there are five magicians in his group, surrounded by four Rougarous."
"What?"
Not only Rory but the whole group saw in their minds the image of four wolves in humanoid form, beings larger than normal humans, characterized by their agility and strength.
Rougarous were creatures known to feed on human flesh and blood!
"What should we do? What's their situation?" Rory asked, feeling that they should move if that didn't endanger their group.
 As much as they were bandits, they had a background they wouldn't forget. Julian had helped them beyond his duty. If it weren't too dangerous, they wouldn't leave their old teacher behind and turn a blind eye to what could happen there.
"Julian's group consists of level 3 and 4 Acolytes. Some of them are probably level 6 and 7 Generals." Vicente said as his red pentagram glowed in front of his right hand.
From the position of some of the men in Julian's group, these were no ordinary magicians but warriors who focused on both the magical path and martial arts.
"The Rougarous' group, on the other hand, is made up of level 4 beings, and the strongest of them is level 5."
"Level 5?" One of the level 2 soldiers there asked.
"Let's go," Vicente said, willing to risk himself to help his old teacher.
Vicente had received a gift from Julian that he still didn't know what it was for. Even after using on that necklace the evaluation machine he'd stolen from the Irwin family, he hadn't gotten any results.
Therefore, he already thought that the necklace he had received from Julian must be extraordinary and have its own history.
Considering its probable value, Vicente wouldn't let his teacher die in this place while he still had the chance to help him without risking everything for his group.
With his words, even the most fearful of his soldiers swallowed their fear and began to move at their Dom's command.
"Use your weapons to attack the necks of the Rougarous. Rory and I will concentrate on killing them after your shots." Vice said, already knowing these creatures were very resistant to normal blows and would only die if their heads were decapitated or their bodies burned.
Since their weapons couldn't do all the work for them, Rory and he would have to be the final weapon to eliminate these creatures!



Chapter 217 Unexpected Allies
Meanwhile, Julian was in a terrible situation, facing four powerful creatures from which he didn't know how to escape.
After entering the area with some teachers from Ironcrest's leading academy, his group encountered several powerful creatures. His academy had important information about something valuable in this area but didn't have a proper map.
'Damn it! Why did we get involved in the damned Magic College's business?' Julian thought as he made his way through this bumpy area with signs of battle in the trees and on the ground.
Meanwhile, his group was trying to fend off these creatures who, though not much stronger than them in level, were much more brutal.
The people in Julian's group had low talent. Even though there wasn't much difference in mana density between the two sides in this confrontation, the four magical beings attacking them had much higher combat skills than Julian and his allies.
"If we survive this situation, the kingdom college will have to reward us heavily!" One of them shouted, feeling terrible for being sent to this place without any items to protect them from these beasts in the area.
Unfortunately for them, even though this was the Seidel Kingdom and part of the king's domain, not all the terrain in this magnificent state was dominated by humans.
In several parts of the kingdom, there were beings of other races who dominated small areas beyond the royal forces' reach.
Because of this, only a few people could go in and out of such areas without getting into trouble.
There were even maps of such areas, but few had accurate information about the territories of non-human tribes.
In Ironcrest, where this group had left a few days ago, there was no map with such detailed information about this area, so anyone who came from there could run into a lot of trouble depending on their route.
One might even be lucky enough to escape those problems, but that hadn't been the case with Julian's group.
Aware of this, these men were furious with their superiors as they moved about, trying to put up some resistance to the four creatures that were salivating as they moved against them with horrible smiles on their faces.
"We must find a way to retreat and call for reinforcements from the academy! Otherwise, no one will be able to complete this mission!" The strongest one there, a level 4 Acolyte who was also a level 7 General, said this while using his sword.
"Shit!" One of the weaker ones there grabbed something from his storage ring to send out a call for help. But that would hardly save them from this situation!
The academy where Julian was currently working had a partnership with the Seidel Magic College. This institution had recently passed on information that a valuable pentagram had appeared in the area they were now and had issued this mission.
The Seidel Magic College gave Magic Pentagrams to some top students when they reached milestones. Therefore, whenever possible, this institution would send its allies and even subordinates to collect special essences throughout the kingdom.
A few days ago, Julian's group had been given this mission by a seer from the Seidel Magic College.
Unfortunately for them, Polaris Realm wasn't a place where you could just get a piece of information and go somewhere to collect what you wanted without getting into trouble along the way!
Not being as prepared as they should have been, their group was now in a terrible situation!
While most of them were using everything they had to defend themselves or dodge enemy attacks, the weakest of the group sent out a signal via a communication device.
"Help! Send reinforcements to the Alpine Woodpecker Forest group immediately! We're having trouble with..."
In the middle of a level 3 Acolyte's message, one of those creatures over two meters tall jumped towards him and destroyed the communication device in use with a single movement of its arms.
After seeing that creature right in front of him, the level 3 Acolyte's eyes widened as he looked at the salivating creature right in front of him.
"NOO!"
When the strongest of the group of humans shouted, none of them could do anything before the black-furred creature attacked the weakest of the group with all its might, slashing at the blond man's abdomen with its claws.
As the blood of one of their companions flew through the air, and a deep wound appeared in his abdomen, the men realized that this would probably be the fate of everyone there.
They were going to die!
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!"
Hearing their companion's terror, they wished they could retreat. Unfortunately, they were surrounded and didn't have a chance.
"Shit! This is the end!" Another level 3 Acolyte screamed as he saw one of those creatures open its mouth and bite in his direction, lunging at him in a way he couldn't dodge.
In that moment of terror for the group of scholars from Ironcrest, suddenly, repeated sounds came from different directions!
Bang!
Bang!
Several shots rang out as powerful bullets cut through the air faster than the speed of sound, hitting the necks of the four creatures in that area before the suffering humans even heard them.
 Bang!
Meanwhile, the four beings who attacked the group of teachers felt several bullets hit their necks, which hurt them because it was an unexpected attack but did not endanger them.
Bang!
If it had been a human being who had been attacked, they would definitely have died if so many bullets had hit such a sensitive spot of their bodies.
But as magical creatures with great physical strength, these four only howled in pain and suddenly shifted their focus to the 18 masked men who had appeared in the surrounding area.
Bang!
Julian's group saw these unexpected allies appear to help them at the crucial moment, but before they could assess the strength of these weak Acolytes, they saw two more men move.
Strong winds formed in the area, and as the mana in the atmosphere changed, flames appeared around the location, along with several explosions.
The metals on these teachers' bodies shook, and in the blink of an eye, they flew out of their bodies at high speed, forming razor-sharp blades that flew faster and faster toward three of the four Rougarous!
"Die!"
Vicente and Rory simultaneously shouted as they attacked their enemies from above, one floating in the air and the other jumping from a tree branch toward his opponent.
As they moved, the two targeted their enemies' weak points, using their abilities to eliminate as many enemies as possible with the initial attack!



Chapter 218 The Terror of Numbers
As soon as they attacked the furry creatures that were acting against Julian's group, Vicente and Rory used the best of their abilities to deal with their targets.
Rory attacked just one of the level 4 creatures, using a spell based on the wind element to create a cyclone around its body, trapping it in one position while his explosions hit the area around its already wounded and weakened neck.
Rory also cast a flame spell in the direction of the other three enemies to divert their attention.
As they felt flames rising around their bodies amidst the pain in their necks, these three targets of Vicente's became even more agitated.
Even small flames could frighten these creatures, for that was their weakness, something they would avoid, like cats avoiding water.
But at that moment, Vicente forcefully moved the metal objects he had formed in the air, causing large blades to fly at those bodies with the intention of slicing them.
These metals, under Vicente's control, rapidly increased in speed as he used his knowledge of Earth physics to propel these blades even further.
Speed was power!
The faster the speed of these blades, the greater their destructive power against their targets!
Swooish!
As they reached their targets, Julian's group witnessed an incredible scene unfold before them.
When two level 1 Acolytes suddenly appeared in the area, blades the size of immature teenagers sliced through two of the four Rougarous bodies in the area as if they were made of paper!
In an instant, the two Rougarous were screaming in fear and rage, feeling the flames on their bodies but full of hatred for the newcomers. But in the next second, their bodies were cut into three pieces, and their cries were no longer heard.
The first cut had been at the neck and the second at the waist of these creatures, separating their torso, head, and legs.
One of the teachers next to Julian's eyes widened when he saw that, having blinked a second earlier and missed how these two creatures had been cut.
"What?"
The strongest of the group shouted as Julian opened his mouth so wide it looked like his jaw would hit the floor.
Two level 4 Rougarous had just been sliced like they were nothing!
Not only that, even the burning level 5 Rougarou couldn't withstand the movement of the masked man floating in the air.
When it was struck by three blades, all hitting it at the neck from different directions, the creature didn't die. Still, its neck was injured enough to show some of its bones as the crumpled steel blades fell to the ground.
Looking closer, the strongest of the group saw a small crack in the level 5 creature's neck and noted that it had narrowly missed a more serious injury from Vice's attack.
At the same time, the last level 4 Rougarou could not withstand Rory's explosive power around its neck as its entire body burned.
As Rory's flames subsided and the cyclone around his target dissipated, the men with rifles pointed in the direction of these creatures in the area saw this one's body fall to the ground, headless.
Rory had managed to use his men's shots to destroy the creature's neck, successfully eliminating the third enemy of Julian's group!
Realizing the change in their situation, the teachers were shocked. Yet, feeling there was no time to talk or wonder about the situation, they moved and quickly surrounded the level 5 creature.
"I don't know who you are, but thanks!" The strongest of the teachers said loudly. "But we need to eliminate this last one. Otherwise, it will run away and bring more Rougarous to terrorize us!"
"Let's act together," Vicente moved, floating in the air as his and Julian's entire group shifted positions, surrounding the agonized creature, who was glaring at them furiously, looking for a place to escape.
As the Rougarou tried to make a move to escape, Vicente's men were faster than it, and four of them fired their weapons, two of them hitting the creature's wounded neck.
It howled in pain as it felt very weakened after the strongest blow Vicente could deliver.
It felt ten times more pain as it received those bullets now that it was wounded.
But when the magical creature realized that ignoring these people and running away wouldn't get it far, the strongest teacher of Julian's group moved in and danced with his sword toward the Rougarou's neck.
Swooish!
Seeing that the creature was about to counterattack and possibly injure the level 4 man, Rory used a spell based on the Wind element to create a strong breeze against the Rougarou, subtly pushing it.
This subtle push was enough to cause the Rougarou to miss the fatal blow aimed at its opponent's neck.
Unfortunately for the group of humans, the teacher who had acted first also missed, hitting the void in the air.
 Vicente formed a seal and cast a spell, causing the surrounding earth to trap the Rougarou by its legs, which looked down at the ground when it realized it couldn't move freely to try to attack again.
Seeing the creature that had already managed to extinguish Rory's flames glaring at him, Vicente narrowed his eyes, seeing the threat in the creature's gaze.
"Are you threatening me? If you have the power, come and do it, creature!" He clenched his fists as he focused on the metallic elements within that body and began to manipulate it to remove them, just as he would with ores.
As he did so, saying these words a bit agitatedly, everyone in the vicinity saw this level 5 creature try to back away by looking away from Vicente, something incredible to see.
But at that moment, the still-standing Rougarou felt the worst sensation of its life.
Weakened by the wounds on its body, the burns, and cuts, it was vulnerable to Vicente, who still had much to use against it.
Under normal circumstances, Vice wouldn't even be able to manipulate the metals in a level 5 creature's body. But this Rougarou wasn't in a normal situation. Surrounded by enemies whose auras oppressed it and targeted its weak points, riddled with wounds all over its body, it didn't have enough to protect itself from Vicente's movement.
When it felt a part of its being under its opponent's control, it trembled with fear and desperation.
"Ow! Ow!"
Lifting its head, it gave up the fight and let out a long howl, giving the entire group of humans in the area room to act simultaneously.
Rory once again used his innate skill while Vicente continued what he had already started. At the same time, his men fired bullets at the creature's neck, and the teachers in the area split up to prevent the creature from moving while the strongest attacked its neck.
With more than 25 people acting against it simultaneously, the Rougarou howled for less than five seconds before it met its end.



Chapter 219 In Search of Treasure
As the creature's headless body fell to the ground, everyone in Julian and Minos's group stared at it in silence for about five seconds.
That was a level 5 Rougarou they had killed!
Such a creature would cause trouble even for level 5 magicians.
However, in this battle, some of these men realized the advantage of numbers for the first time. Even though no one in their group had the same power as that creature, they had defeated it in the end.
With the addition of Vice's group, even though that group didn't have anyone of a high level, Julian's team's chances of survival had increased exponentially.
Vice's weapons, as had his and Rory's sneak attack, had been very important. However, the numbers involved in this confrontation justified the human victory in the battle.
When Vicente's men realized how important it was to have several of them and not just the weapons, the teachers in Julian's group finally breathed a sigh of relief.
They were still in that dangerous place. But at least for the moment, the immediate danger to them had passed.
With a deep sigh, the leader of that group, the man with the sword in his hands, looked at Vicente and said. "Thank you for helping us. By the way, my name is Axel Arbour. Those next to me are colleagues from the Rexnelts Academy of Ironcrest."
Vicente looked at the blond man and said. "I'm Cesar Mazzanti. Those on the side are my family companions."
"Mazzanti?" Julian was from Martell Village, and Millfall was the nearest town. When he heard the name, he recognized it immediately. "Are you from Millfall?" He asked, looking at the black-haired man with the mana-distorted voice.
"Yes," Rory confirmed, wondering what their teacher would say if he found out who they were.
But neither he nor Vicente had any intention of revealing their identities.
"Well, you should leave this area. The Rougarou warned others of its kind, so many creatures will come to this place soon." One of the teachers there said, intending to leave to complete their mission.
As much as they had lost one of their companions, they were already very close to the heart of this mountainous area. It would be a tremendous waste of all their efforts to get there if they gave up now.
The danger they would face would be the same whether they continued the mission or tried to return to Ironcrest!
He said. "My group will continue our journey. I hope that the items of our dead companion and these creatures will pay for the help you have given us."
As strange as it sounded, it was common that in situations like this, when a third party got involved in a conflict and saved one side, they would take the belongings of all the corpses in the area.
Vicente looked at the level 5 Rougarou and saw its orange magic pentagram. "Well, that will be enough for us. Unfortunately, I don't know if it's worth the risk of one of my men absorbing this pentagram."
Since so many people had attacked that Rougarou, Vicente didn't know who had killed it.
Given its grudge, it would be quite dangerous for one of his men to absorb it.
He sighed at the thought of losing such a good pentagram.
Julian then asked. "Are you and your group here to hunt pentagrams?"
Rory replied. "Yes. We're going deep into this area to look for essences compatible with us. Ten of us have yet to find our new pentagrams."
It was common for groups like theirs to go together to find pentagrams in regions like this. Not only was it dangerous to travel alone, but it was also tough for one person to face and overcome the challenges that would come with the highest level pentagram they could absorb.
The group of teachers from Ironcrest had already guessed their group was there for this reason and were not surprised by it while they collected the body of their companion, who had died in the previous battle.
As Vicente's men collected the items left behind by such an individual and the valuables in the area, he asked. "What about you? What are you doing here?"
The teachers looked at each other, knowing they shouldn't tell him why they were there, since they were on a mission for the Seidel Magic College.
But that group had helped them; without that help, they would have perished there.
Since these men were somewhat resentful of the mission they had been given, they saw no problem in telling them the basics.
"We were sent here by our academy to check on the appearance of something of value to our superiors. Unfortunately, we don't know the exact location of it. We only know that in the depths of Alpine Woodpecker Forest, there is something of value waiting for someone to collect it." The group leader said, not going into details about what they were after, but not lying.
"Is that so?" Vicente looked at Rory and imagined that the map they held in their hands could be something that would lead them to such a thing.
No matter how old their map was and how recent the mission of these teachers seemed to be, that didn't rule out the possibility that they were connected!
The magic world was extraordinary. The formation of specific resources could be predicted by beings with certain characteristics who passed near the place where some natural things could develop.
Someone who could perceive this could have passed through that area in the past and realized something valuable would one day appear there, then made the map Vicente had in his hand.
 Since the magic world was perilous, having relevant information or even skills wasn't everything. One could end up losing their things to stronger ones, and items like the book Vice had stolen from Defiant Tyranny could pass through the hands of dozens of people before being used.
Realizing that their map might lead to such resources, Vice and Rory naturally increased the importance of reaching where their "treasure" was supposed to be.
But before the two sides could say goodbye, Julian suddenly suggested something. "Why don't we unite our groups? We're stronger together, and we can achieve our goals in this area more easily."
Not only the people in Vicente's group but also those in Julian's own team looked at him strangely, for it was neither common nor advisable to join unknown groups in the middle of journeys like this.
The dangers would be great!
But Julian was no fool, nor was he a man who didn't pay his debts. Aware of the dangers of this area for his group and also that the resources left to Vicente's group were not enough to pay for their help, he wanted to unite his group with Vice's.
'That could be good for us. Besides, these individuals can't use what my group is looking for. Even if they are strong enough to turn against us, I doubt they would do so for something that wouldn't serve them.' The leader of that party thought, imagining it wouldn't be so bad.
He said. "What do you say, Cesar? If we unite, you and your group will reach your new pentagrams faster, and my people and I will complete our mission faster. Everybody can win."



Chapter 220 Agreement and Searches in Millfall
When Vicente heard that group's invitation to join forces, he looked at Rory and then at Julian and remained silent momentarily.
Wanting to save his teacher's life was completely different from wanting him as an ally. However, this was a consideration that Vicente had to give some importance to because these men could add power to his group.
These teachers could not only increase the group's chances of success by exploring the innermost part of the Alpine Woodpecker Forest, but they could also help speed up the addition of pentagrams to Vicente's group.
Getting pentagrams faster would be good for the group to gain enough to return to Millfall and more effectively help the rest of the Mazzanti family grow locally.
But in addition to helping the group of the Mazzanti family achieve their goals more quickly and with less danger to the team, these companions of Julian's could give them more important information.
There was no way for Rory and Vice to be sure that their map would lead them to the precious item these people were after. If it didn't, they could get more than they could on their own.
'Even though joining forces with these men will expose the place we are going to, I see more advantages in joining my group with theirs than continuing to travel alone.' Vicente thought for a moment.
When all the valuables in the area had been collected, and the body of the professor killed there was already under the control of Julian's group, Vicente made up his mind.
"All right. Let's team up."
Julian smiled when he heard this, feeling more secure about his group's mission. "So where are we going now? Did you travel by chance, or were you looking for a particular magical creature?"
Rory replied, twisting the truth a bit so the men wouldn't suspect his group might be after the same thing as them. "We have the probable location of creatures useful to our purpose. We were on our way to this place, a few hours from our current position, when we stopped to help you."
"A few hours?"
"I think we should follow their destination for now. You're heading inland from this area, right?" One of the teachers asked.
"Yes," Vicente said.
With this answer, the strongest of the teachers there decided. "Very well. We're going in almost the same direction. Then, let's help your group get your pentagrams. That will improve the chances of survival for all of us in this part of the forest."
"Okay!"
With everyone in agreement, they soon set off, Julian's group joining Vicente's on the trail their map marked as one of the paths to the 'treasure.'
...
Meanwhile, in Millfall...
It was evening in this town, but a new problem had sprung up to entertain the curious and disturb those involved in a new local situation.
The night before, Nina Fuller, a young disabled girl, had disappeared while at the town's most famous academy!
The Fuller family wasn't enough to stir up the town. Still, as the local situation with the Mazzanti family and the Scarlet Syndicate became more stable, her disappearance began to attract local attention.
The Fuller family had already hired House Mazzanti to search for young Nina and even some of the local nobility were getting involved. But even with dozens of people already investigating the disappearance, nothing useful had been discovered so far.
More worried than ever, Eve headed to the home of one of the few people she thought could help her.
Pa! Pa!
Feeling terrible, with dark circles under her eyes from not sleeping at all last night, Eve knocked on the door of a beautiful house where she and her group were going for help.
"Nova, open the door. It's me, Eve, Nina Fuller's babysitter!" She shouted as she knocked on that army soldier's door.
Nova had promised to look for Nina. But she had spent the last two days out of town preparing for the 3rd stage basilisk hunt. She had just returned this afternoon and still didn't know anything.
Knowing this, Eve was there to inform her and perhaps get help from the army!
When she opened the door of her house and looked at the blonde woman, Nova immediately realized that something was wrong. "Eve? What's wrong?" She asked as she had a bad feeling.
"Nina is missing. I think someone has kidnapped her!" Eve got straight to the point, making the beautiful blue-haired woman in her nightclothes widen her beautiful eyes as she turned a little pale.
Gulp!
"It can't be..." She muttered as she saw the sweet little Nina in her mind.
Quickly remembering Nina's story, Nova immediately began to feel angry as her concern for this young girl grew exponentially.
Nina was such a sweet girl and had already been through so much... But fate didn't seem to be going easy on her or her family!
 Just when things got better for her, something like this hit her again!
"Damn it! Tell me everything that happened!" Nova entered her house and grabbed a few things, quickly moving to start solving this matter.
'I have to fix this! I can't let another tragedy happen to this family!' She thought as she put on her armor and listened to Eve.
...
Shelby was aware of her star student's disappearance, and some of her contacts were looking for information about Nina.
She was just as concerned as Nova and Eve, but how she acted and showed concern was completely different from those women.
She relied on her usual calmness, maintaining her manners as she tried to deal with all the problems that came her way.
When she had noticed Nina's problem on the morning of the previous day, she had immediately sent out orders to move many of her men, having asked allies to watch the movements of certain men in Millfall.
Not only that, but she had met with Casey Rogers the afternoon of the previous day and added him to her forces in the search for Nina.
Casey had listened to everything Shelby had to say and set out to solve the problem with the rest of her allied forces.
After hours of following the information and leads of some local suspects, he was starting to get close to the real people involved in Nina Fuller's kidnapping.
At this moment, he was on the roof of a building across the street from the person he was about to meet.
As he waited for his moment to act, Casey had a terrible look on his face, his fists clenched and shaking.
'Acting against a child?' He remembered the day he had met Nina and then his own history.
Casey had his own share of tragedy!



Chapter 221 The Depths of the Alpine Woodpecker Forest
Casey had lost his little sister when she was even smaller than Nina. Considering how much Vice and his sister had suffered, this man couldn't help but see a lot of his sister in Nina.
'You pathetic vermin! I'll take everything you have.' He saw his cue and moved, moving his mana through his body to his Magic Gem, ready to get the truth by force.
Having recently advanced to level 5 of the Acolyte stage, few people in Millfall could resist Casey's powers!
When he reached the third floor of the abandoned building where his target was, he had no trouble reaching his target, a middle-aged man who looked like a mercenary from a distance.
But he wasn't a mercenary. He reeked of blood, like a murderer.
"Do you know why I'm here?" Casey suddenly appeared behind the man's back, taking him by surprise.
But being an experienced assassin, the level 3 Acolyte didn't freeze in fear. When he heard someone's voice coming from behind his back, he drew one of his daggers with one hand and poison with the other.
Casey was much quicker and stronger than that man. Seeing the assassin's move, he broke his target's right arm with a kick while dodging the dagger aimed at his neck.
Casey's third eye opened, and his two Magic Pentagrams, one red and one orange, appeared in front of it.
"Now I'll see everything you know, worm." He said as he looked into the man's eyes while one of his hands grabbed his target's neck and squeezed.
The man couldn't get away from Casey. As he looked into the third eye on the tanned young man's forehead, the assassin began to convulse, feeling as if all the information in his mind was quickly being stolen from him.
Casey could do many things with his ability. He could read what was in his targets' memories, manipulate them, and even remove them by force.
He had ways to do all of this without affecting his targets' brain functions, but if he wanted to, he could severely damage the existence of people like that assassin.
When dealing with the level 3 Acolyte, Casey showed no mercy. When he looked into the man's eyes, he removed everything in his mind harshly, practically destroying his existence.
But the cruelest thing of all was that Casey's target would feel it all and more, living the nightmare of being 'broken,' incomplete, for who knows how long. Because young Rogers acted so as not to endanger his target's life, he guaranteed endless torture for the assassin!
But even in extreme agony, convulsing as he went into a maddening spiral, the assassin couldn't even scream for help.
With his nervous system severely damaged, he had lost the ability to speak!
Closing his eyes, Casey ignored society's garbage and looked at the information he had in his head.
'Symons family, huh?' He clenched his fists. 'Wretched Marcus! Don't think you're invulnerable just because you're the Viscount's son!' He felt even angrier when he discovered what was behind Nina's disappearance.
He knew very well what could have motivated that action. It could only be Marcus' sick jealousy of Shelby!
Thinking about how the poor Nina should be scared because of an idiot and how it had all been caused by something so small made Casey even angrier about the whole situation.
His little sister had lost her life because of something small!
'You're going to pay for this, even if I can't take you down, you piece of shit!' He opened his eyes and left, determined to solve Nina's situation.
...
While several of Vicente's friends and allies acted to find Nina, another day passed.
Vice had no idea what was happening in Millfall. Now, he was slowly approaching the point marked with an 'x' on the map in his hands.
After joining his group with the teachers from Ironcrest, Vice and his people returned the way they had come, following the trail on the map.
As they had noticed earlier, the map showed trails that did not go through any magical creature territory in this area of the Alpine Woodpecker Forest.
Even though they had faced several Rougarous the day before, they hadn't dealt with any powerful creatures in the past few hours.
As they made their way to where the treasure was supposed to be, they had practically only encountered magical creatures that posed little danger to their group, ignoring almost all of them.
But in the last few hours, a being powerful enough to threaten them had appeared in their path. Luckily, it wasn't following them, and after hiding from the woodpecker, the group continued on their way to where they were now.
"How strange..." One of the weaker teachers in the group commented as they walked in the formation Vicente had planned.
"What?" Another teacher asked as they moved slowly, trying not to cause any unnecessary disturbance since they were less than an hour away from their destination.
"Our situation is strange. We haven't had any problems for a whole day. But ever since we entered this forest, we've had problems." That teacher said while looking at his surroundings with an expression full of doubt.
Julian then said. "It is not always dangerous to travel through such an area. Despite the characteristics of some races of magical creatures and their violent reputation, many have no interest in looking for trouble with groups like ours.
 They are especially defensive in their territories against any group. But fights don't happen for no reason. We've probably invaded the territories of the creatures that have been acting against us in the past few days."
Indeed, a meeting of magical beings in the middle of a forest was no guarantee of conflict. If one didn't bother the other or wasn't in the other's territory, the chances that two creatures would meet and go their separate ways without confronting each other were not zero.
Of course, this could be influenced by other factors. For example, some magical creatures could strengthen themselves by devouring others, so if the one who encountered another group of magical creatures wasn't strong enough, even without provoking the other party, they could attract trouble.
But even that could vary greatly. Sometimes, a creature would have just finished feeding, and even if it saw someone who could be a good meal, it wouldn't move against them unless it was threatened.
The teachers who knew the most about the behavior of magical creatures didn't find this situation so strange.
"On the other hand, this might have happened because of the deterrent effect of our group. We are numerous and not weak." The strongest of these teachers agreed with Julian and added this justification.
Vicente heard this and said nothing. They were partly right.
Having already realized the value of his map and the presence of powerful beings in the Alpine Woodpecker Forest area, Vicente was fully aware that not entering the territory of beasts had helped them a great deal.
Already deep in this forest, he knew there were several tribes of powerful magical creatures, the most important of which were the woodpeckers. From what he had noticed in the past few hours, there were even 3rd-stage woodpeckers in this area!
Knowing this, he wanted to clear his doubts about where this map would lead him as soon as possible.
He said. "Keep quiet from now on. We're less than ten minutes away from the point marked on the map."
The group immediately stopped their side conversations as they moved slowly, sensing several level 4 and 5 creatures near this dangerous area.



Chapter 222 Yellow Pentagram
After Vicente's comment, everyone fell silent and walked slowly, taking care not to step on the leaves on the ground.
After doing this for about 10 minutes, slowly following the map, the group suddenly stopped when they saw Vicente stop to recheck the map.
"What is wrong?"
"We're here," Vicente answered Rory's question as he looked at the details around the map and what was around the group.
The group was halfway to the top of the hill they were on, the top of which was covered with ice and the lower parts with huge, spiky trees.
Where they were, there was a lot of leaf litter on the dirt and stone floor, with trees and bushes of various kinds, some leaning in odd directions.
There were some holes in the sides of the tree, probably traps, but also caves in plain sight.
Looking closer, Vicente realized this must be the place marked on the map.
But finding nothing special there, he narrowed his eyes and ignored the comments of his men.
'This is a 2D map. It has its limitations. Maybe its creator marked a point that wasn't on the surface?' He looked up and saw nothing in the treetops above him.
That left him with only one alternative!
"The place we're looking for must be underground in this area." He said to his group as he looked down.
At that moment, his Magic Gem shone out from under the metal mask on his face, and a red pentagram emerged from his body, causing everyone in the group to feel its pressure.
Even the strongest of those teachers felt a certain discomfort as Vicente activated his ability to the maximum and felt the metals in his body stir.
'What an absurd power! No wonder he killed those Rougarous in one move.' The leader of Julian's group thought as he stared at Vice.
Meanwhile, Vicente searched the basement below where his group was, mentally mapping out the metal structure of the area below where they were.
After doing this for about a minute, he found an empty space that contained nothing that his ability could manipulate.
'Air. Only air can have so few metallic elements that I feel nothing.' He thought as he opened his eyes and followed the path that felt nothing to the right of his group, 50 meters in that direction.
When he looked around and saw the narrow entrance to a cave, Vice smiled under his mask and said. "I think what we're looking for can be accessed this way."
Everyone looked in the direction of a narrow crack in the floor of a small cave, the teachers of Ironcrest staring at it a little uncertainly.
'Is this really it?' Julian wondered.
"Okay, Cesar. Let's try what you suggest. If it doesn't work, we'll continue hunting with you on the surface." The group leader said, thinking that it wouldn't get them anywhere.
Vicente's men would never question their leader, so they immediately followed his suggestion and quickly made their way to the cave, where most of them had to stand outside due to its small size.
"I'll check the place out first," Vicente reached the crack in the cave floor, a place that could only hold five people at a time.
"Are you sure?" Julian asked as he looked through the crack and saw a great darkness.
There could be nothing beneath such a place. Besides, considering how thin the crack was, it would be somewhat nerve-wracking to go through that place.
Claustrophobics would definitely get sick just looking at that crack!
Vicente manipulated a piece of metal from his armor and dropped it through the crack.
After 10 seconds, everyone there heard the metallic sound of it falling to the ground.
"Don't worry. As narrow as the passage is, there's enough room for several of us to follow this path." He said before manipulating the metals on his body to make it easier for him to pass through the crack, which was about 45 centimeters in diameter.
When they saw Vicente enter, the teachers and Rory were silent for a few moments until they heard his voice a minute later, already inside the underground area.
"You can come now. There's plenty of room here." His voice reached them.
Meanwhile, where Vicente was standing, there was a relatively large tunnel in which he could stand, and up to three people of his size could stand side by side.
The place seemed to be partly a natural formation, but looking ahead, Vicente could see almost smooth surfaces, which indicated to him that such a place was not entirely natural.
The place he was entering was probably a natural fault that had appeared next to the artificial structure, but there was no way that intelligent beings had never manipulated the place ahead.
 Narrowing his eyes, Vicente realized who might be behind it. 
'Woodpeckers...'
Woodpeckers were great builders. Not only that but by becoming magical beings at a certain age, a woodpecker could do much more than create wooden structures.
'The place marked with an 'x' is probably guarded by woodpeckers.' He clenched his fists as he stepped forward to make way for the first of his group to enter the area.
The first to follow was Rory, followed by some of the Mazzanti family soldiers, until the first teachers made their way through the crack.
Once there, they realized this area was not as terrible as they had imagined.
In no time, the whole group was there, and Vicente made his way to the place that must have been under the ground where he had stopped a few moments before.
But as they left the part that seemed to have been formed by natural movements of the ground, not only Vicente but all the teachers in the group realized the path they were following led to something special.
The mana in the environment was much more concentrated, making the artificial tunnel ahead look like a special meditation chamber that one would pay several gold coins to use in any town in the province.
As they continued, they felt a special vibration they could all recognize coming from a few dozen meters below them.
Following the path faster and faster, but without moving the mana in their bodies too much and watching out for possible traps, they soon changed tunnels. As they did so, they saw a yellow glow coming from the end of a tunnel even larger than the previous one, capable of holding twice as many people walking side by side.
Seeing this yellow glow at the end of the path ahead, Julian swallowed his saliva as he mumbled subconsciously.
"It can't be..."
Everyone in his group from the Rexnelts Academy opened their mouths as they realized that what Vicente's group's map led to could only be the same thing they were looking for!
But before anyone could say it out loud, Vicente stopped in front of the group and stared at the thing that emitted that glow, peering through a hole in the wall on his way.
"Magic Pentagram!" He muttered in amazement.



Chapter 223 Accidental Connection
Seeing it on the other side of the wall in front of him, Vicente swallowed his saliva, not expecting to find a naturally formed yellow Magic Pentagram.
That was a precious resource for any magician!
'Shit!'
But he couldn't help cursing his luck. 'If it was an orange pentagram, maybe I could...' He thought, imagining that maybe such a pentagram could be his as long as he had an affinity with it. But since he was only at the 2nd stage, Vicente didn't know if he could absorb and use the powers of a yellow pentagram.
He had never used the yellow pentagram from his second gem because he had a bad feeling when he awakened his powers. Hence, he thought he couldn't withstand the magical power of something like it, which was a shame because he couldn't take advantage of such great luck.
Yes, it was great luck to come across something like it. After all, it was an accident of fate, something that in other situations would be very good for groups like his.
And even though naturally formed pentagrams could exist outside a body longer than those formed in living beings, the time they could exist like this wasn't long. Vicente definitely didn't think he could move fast enough to take advantage of such a thing if he collected it and took it back to Millfall.
Rory saw what it was, and soon, the teachers were peering through the cracks and holes in the big wall.
"This must be what you're looking for, right?" Rory asked them, already wondering what Vicente had in mind.
"Yes." Julian didn't deny it, for the expressions on the faces of everyone in his group showed it.
"A student from Seidel Magical College should be arriving at Ironcrest in the next few days to receive this pentagram from our group." The teacher leader declared, trying to dissuade Vicente's people from any dangerous ideas they might have in mind.
If they were to aim for that pentagram, they would aim for one that belonged to the magic college of the kingdom!
Vicente heard it and laughed bitterly.
"Don't worry. None of us has the minimum necessary to covet such a thing. But since it's going to a noble magic college student, we can gain something by helping you collect it, can't we?" He asked, already seeing a big problem for Julian's group.
He said as he saw the professors looking at him strangely. "Behind that wall, there seems to be a part of a tribe of woodpeckers. I can feel the aura of a 3rd stage beast coming from that place, and there are several 2nd stage beings near the place we are now. If you act in any way, you'll create a deadly problem not only for yourself but also for my staff.
Besides, you won't be able to collect the essence."
The group leader there realized it after a quick analysis of what was behind the 1.3-meter-thick wall.
"We can negotiate our payment. We can split it with you. But I can't promise you more than that. If you want, you can accompany our group back to Ironcrest to see if you can get something else. That's all I can offer." He said, knowing that the skills of Vicente and his group would be needed to complete the mission.
Vicente smiled. "That is enough. I already intended to go to Ironcrest after I finished my business in the Alpine Woodpecker Forest." He said as he looked at his staff and waved to them.
All of the men there raised their weapons and moved to the edge of the area, taking up their positions while giving Vicente room to act.
Only the teachers didn't understand all of Vicente's commands, so Rory advised them. "Cesar will open the way for us. We can't stay in sight of potential enemies while he's acting."
Julian and his colleagues moved to the side, taking up fighting positions as they broke out in a cold sweat at the sight of Vice activating his ability once again.
But this time, he would do something different from what they had seen, using his first ability and an earth-based spell simultaneously.
Touching the wall in front of him with one hand, Vice concentrated his mana on that spot, and in a few seconds, it shook, and the dark wall in front of him turned to sand.
An oval-shaped passage appeared in that wall, with all the metals from the rock in front of him floating in the air and the remaining stone components in the sand that had flowed out onto the ground.
The teachers were surprised by the versatility of Vicente's powers, but they understood how he could help them. With such power, Vicente could enter anywhere in relative safety without attracting attention!
When they saw what was through that wall, the teachers there smiled at the sight of the beautiful pentagram floating in the air on what looked like a small altar.
There were only torches here and there in the surroundings, with a large entrance door to that chamber where the pentagram was in the middle of the area.
It looked like a vault improvised by the dominant beasts of the area!
Having reached the inside without passing through the guards, the group immediately considered the possibility of collecting the pentagram without as much difficulty as they had imagined.
'Perfect!' The leader of the teachers felt and waited for Vicente's signal to move and collect it in the special device he had with him.
But when he looked at Vicente, he and the others realized something was wrong.
"Cesar? What's wrong?" Rory asked as he saw his friend's body and hands shaking.
Gulp!
"The pentagram..." Vicente muttered as he felt a strong attraction between himself and the pentagram.
 From what he could feel, this pentagram had more than 90% affinity with him, an outstanding value for adding new pentagrams.
From what he had learned in magical theory, pentagrams had to have at least a 50% compatibility with the magician to be absorbed with relative security. Below that, the absorption could go from failing to causing problems for the magical base of the magician attempting such a process.
But the stronger the affinity, the greater the attraction between the parties, which made absorption easier but increased the attraction between a Magic Gem and the pentagram by many orders of magnitude.
When Vicente used his ability a few meters away from the yellow Magic Pentagram, he immediately felt it and saw a potential host in Vice!
Pentagrams were not living beings, but they were special essences that sought out beings to connect with!
The moment he felt this thing connect with him, Vicente realized he would have a problem.
"Damn it, that pentagram has connected to my gem!" He shouted to his group before trying to walk away.
But the pentagram was already moving towards him, and if he tried to stop it, it could be dangerous for him!
"What?"
The teachers there completely blanked their faces, not expecting this turn of events.
But they hadn't even considered the possibility that Vicente had tried to rob them. When they noticed the pentagram moving, they all realized that the highest-level essence was the one who had chosen Vicente.
"Shit! What are we going to do?" Rory was nervous, knowing that his friend was in danger both if he tried to absorb it and if he tried to avoid it.
Julian was already pale because, either way, his group would lose the pentagram. Either it would combine perfectly with Cesar or dissolve after the absorption failed!



Chapter 224 Magical Attraction
"Quick, start meditating, Cesar!" Julian said as he considered the theories behind the absorption of Magic Pentagrams.
"What? Are you crazy?" One of Vicente's men asked.
One of the teachers turned completely pale as he looked at Vicente and then said. "This should not have happened. But since it did, this is your leader's only chance."
The leader of these teachers clenched his fists tightly, seeing that there was nothing else for them to do. "Now that the pentagram has connected with him, he must absorb it successfully, or he will fail and suffer the consequences. Either way, the pentagram is no longer of use to others.
Until a pentagram is connected to a magician, others could absorb it. This worked for naturally formed pentagrams or even those developed in living beings. Although only the person responsible for the death of the being that created the pentagram would be advised to absorb it, others could try their luck, though their chances were practically nil.
However, once the pentagram was connected to someone, either by its own action or that of the magician trying to absorb it, it would lose part of its essence. This would make it unstable, and if that magician didn't absorb it, it would disappear after the absorption failed.
The teachers were aware of this. Even if they didn't like losing their target to Cesar, these men knew the only alternative was for their temporary ally to try to absorb the pentagram.
They were in a dangerous place, where there was even a 3rd stage being nearby. Losing Cesar would be dangerous for them all!
Now that the milk had been spilled and no one could change what was happening, the best outcome would be for Cesar to absorb the yellow pentagram successfully!
"But... But the body of..." Rory knew nothing about the second gem or the other pentagram Vice already had. Being familiar with the magical theories of this world, he was naturally afraid for his friend.
"I know. His body shouldn't be able to take it." Julian commented in a tense tone, speaking quietly not to attract the attention of the creatures guarding the other side of the wall from the area Vice had penetrated. "But it's too late now. Magic Pentagrams rarely connect with magicians of their own volition. But it can happen if the magician's compatibility with it is very high. In those cases, there's nothing to do but try to absorb it or lose it.
The literature says that such cases can happen with a certain frequency if the pentagram is created by special phenomena without the involvement of living beings. But there is no case of a person of a lower physical level than the pentagram. So..." He hesitated.
"So we don't know what will happen to Cesar if he fails." The strongest of the teachers said.
If it was someone of the same level as the pentagram, failure would only result in the loss of the pentagram, and at most, the magician would be exhausted and temporarily weakened.
But since Vicente was weaker than the pentagram, these teachers thought he had no chance of refusing such an essence. If he tried, the risks to his magic base and his body would be too great.
His situation was very different from the magical theory these men knew. That's why they thought that Vicente couldn't refuse the absorption that was beginning!
"Sigh... Magical Attraction really is a complicated thing. I didn't expect to see this here." One of them muttered as he saw Vice do as they advised, sit down, and start meditating to absorb the pentagram.
In a cold sweat, Vicente did as he was told. He sat in a lotus position under a metal plate he had created, agreeing with every word the teachers said.
'I will succeed!' He thought as his first pentagram from his first Magic Gem appeared, and the yellow pentagram was positioned above him.
As they watched, standing in the same places they had been a moment before, the men around Vicente looked at him nervously, tense for similar reasons while thinking of different things.
Vicente's men were terribly afraid that their glorious leader would die attempting this feat with no record of success.
Meanwhile, the teachers were also concerned about Vicente's fate and what it meant for them. But some of them couldn't help but take the time to observe and analyze rare phenomena.
For scholars like them, this was an opportunity to see the attempted absorption of a pentagram of a higher level than the magician's level. But it was also an opportunity for them to study Magical Attraction.
Magical Aattraction was a phenomenon that was generally very positive. It occurred when very similar essences became relatively close and connected with each other. This could happen with pentagrams formed by special phenomena, with Magic Gems, but also with precious artifacts.
As in the case of Magic Gems, one could connect to one of these essences and easily awaken their magical powers.
In other cases, this phenomenon could alert magicians or powerful creatures to the location of items of great value to them, which could greatly facilitate their journey to a treasure.
When the Magical Attraction happened, even if the magician didn't want to connect with such a thing, it would happen.
But because it was usually a positive phenomenon, magicians rarely took precautions to avoid accidentally connecting with a free essence.
That day, however, Julian's group witnessed a negative aspect of this phenomenon. It could happen if lower-level magicians were involved with higher-level essences.
And there were great risks involved!
If Vicente succeeded, he would gain a lot, but the opposite was also true. If he failed, he would lose as much as he could have gained by succeeding!
Julian recorded some of the things he had seen and felt in his mind, hoping to study them further when he returned to Ironcrest.
'If I survive this journey, I will seek out the scholar Atlas.' He thought as he watched the pentagram above Vicente slowly descend over this man's body and begin the integration process.
The leader of the teachers did the same, thinking about what he knew regarding naturally formed pentagrams. 'If Cesar were at the beginning of the 3rd stage, it would be effortless for him to absorb this pentagram.
Even people with low-level talent can quickly absorb pentagrams formed by natural phenomena because there is no will left in those essences. As long as you have more than 50% compatibility, you have almost a 100% chance of success in absorbing something like this.
 But I have no idea what might happen and how long it might take Cesar to go through all the stages of absorption.'
He felt like writing it down, thinking that since he had lost the chance to fulfill his mission there, he could at least collect something relevant to send to the Seidel Magic College.
As he was about to take out a small notebook from his spatial ring, the expressions of the whole group suddenly changed as they felt a terrible aura approaching the chamber where the pentagram had been a moment ago.



Chapter 225 Escape
Gulp!
"This can't be!" Rory looked in the direction of that chamber and felt his whole body tremble with the terrifying aura of a 3rd stage creature approaching from there.
Everyone near the tunnel where they had positioned themselves a few moments ago turned their eyes toward the altar inside the chamber.
Sensing the same thing, they felt the nervousness that would come to any being who challenged a higher-level creature, and it showed itself to act against them.
"What are we going to do?"
"Damn it! We have no way of dealing with a damned Mage beast!"
Vicente's men muttered among themselves while the teachers opened their mouths and their eyes wide, ignoring Vice for the first time in the last two minutes to look in the direction from which a mighty beast was coming.
From the aura emanating from such a being, they could tell it was furious with the bold humans who had tried to steal that essence!
"We have to run!" The strongest teacher shouted, moving opposite from where the chamber was.
"How? Cesar can't be moved! Moving him will only increase the chances of him failing to absorb the pentagram!" Rory said, trying not to scream.
"If he stays here, he will surely die," Julian expressed, understanding the position of Rory and the others.
But for this group, there were no options. Either they fled, or they would die to the 3rd-stage creature when it arrived and noticed that the yellow pentagram had been lost.
Pentagrams could not be absorbed by beasts that were capable of creating pentagrams in the same way that magicians could. That is, they couldn't use it to gain a new skill, stabilize their base, or increase the density of their mana. However, magical creatures capable of forming pentagrams could benefit greatly from living, meditating, sleeping, or eating near these essences.
They found it easier to develop their power, and even the pentagram within them, when they were in the presence of such a thing. As such, pentagrams had value even to beasts.
Since the only pentagrams that could last for "long" periods outside of living bodies were the naturally formed ones, only those had value for beasts.
In other words, those magicians had taken the greatest treasure from the woodpecker that was coming toward them!
There would be no chance for them if they stayed there!
Rory could understand that, but he knew Vicente would be in a bad situation even if they escaped. Just by being moved while meditating, Vicente would have significantly hindered the process of absorbing the pentagram.
The simple fact of moving someone in the middle of meditation triples the difficulty of absorbing a pentagram or even trying to advance a level.
But as long as there was a chance for Vice to survive, Rory was willing to risk it!
Gulp!
"All right. I want eight of the strongest in the group to carry and protect our Don's body!" Rory decided. "The rest of you stay with me. We'll buy time for our companions!"
"Are you crazy?" Julian asked, sensing that such a young man would end up killing himself with such an absurd plan.
"Forget it, Julian. We don't have time to talk." The teacher leader said as he looked at Julian.
With that, the men of that group began to move, while Rory and ten Acolytes of the Mazzanti family saw the teachers and the men carrying Vicente move away from them.
At that moment, Rory activated his own ability, making his red pentagram appear as he targeted the supporting structures of the walls and parts of the tunnels in the area.
As he did so, he said. "Guys, prepare your weapons!"
"Aim!"
The ten soldiers aimed at the interior of the chamber, specifically at the door at its entrance.
Then, as the door there was destroyed by a winged beast slightly larger than an adult human, followed by several Acolytes of the same race, Rory shouted.
"Fire!"
Bang! Bang!
...
Boom!
BOOOOOOOM!
 Julian and Vicente's group, already several dozen meters ahead of Rory's group, heard the sound of several shots from the Mazzanti family's guns and then the sound of explosions.
Some looked back, afraid of what might happen to their friends and allies, but everyone kept moving while Vice kept his eyes closed, meditating.
The ground and walls around the tunnel they were moving through shook while crackling sounds were heard in the area, indicating the possibility of a landslide.
'Damn it, we've got to get out of here as soon as possible.' One of the teachers there felt it, sweating in fear of being buried to death by the madness of Rory's movement.
As much as they were Acolytes, they weren't monsters that could withstand falling from great heights, being crushed by tons of rocks, or other things that could kill ordinary humans.
Their ability to cast spells and subtly alter reality made them different from mortals who could not awaken their powers. But they were very vulnerable until they reached a high level of power, with a large amount of mana in them.
Many things could kill them!
Considering the trouble they were in, these teachers even forgot about their mission and Vicente's situation as they ran in fear of losing their lives.
Vice's men were also worried about themselves. But unlike those teachers, they had confidence in their leader's potential!
'If the boss survives and successfully absorbs the pentagram, we can also survive!' One of them thought as he and three others carried the metal plate on which Vicente had sat.
Meanwhile, the other men of the Mazzanti family had their weapons prepared to fire and moved cautiously through the increasingly narrow tunnel.
Boom!
Suddenly, a louder explosion shook the whole area, and one of the side walls of the area broke, revealing more underground tunnels.
Then they looked down and saw huge insects the size of adult Labradors glaring at them.
"Oh, fuck!"
"Are there any more magical creatures in this underground area?"
"We're fucked!"
Without hesitation, Vicente's men looked at these creatures and fired their weapons as they saw what looked like giant ants leaping towards them!
Bang! Bang!
"No wonder!" The strongest teacher finally drew his sword, realizing he had no choice but to fight the 2nd-stage insects that had suddenly appeared in their path. "Those insects, not the woodpeckers, must have made some of the tunnels we found!
They were probably trying to steal the woodpeckers!" He realized correctly, solving the mystery of why there was such a good way to the place where the yellow pentagram had been minutes ago.
The owner of this place would never do such a thing. Those tunnels had been made by others who wanted to steal that pentagram!



Chapter 226 Time for the Rescue
While Rory's and Julian's groups fought various enemies underground in one of the hills of the Alpine Woodpecker Forest, the situation in Millfall was still the same for Nina.
But as much as she was still missing, those searching for her were getting closer to her position.
Casey was about to attack a place where he thought she might be when he suddenly noticed someone approaching his position and turned his attention to his surroundings.
Realizing who it was, he lowered the poisoned weapon he had picked up.
"So you've come this far... No wonder they say you're the most talented Captain of the local royal army post, Miss Bain." He said as he looked at the blue-haired woman he already knew to be a friend of the Fuller family.
Casey was no fool. He didn't ally himself with anyone without first knowing the contacts, friends, and enemies of potential partners. He knew about every meeting between Vicente and Nova, and as much as he didn't know the young Fuller's plans for such a soldier, he knew she wasn't an enemy today.
When he saw her appear near where he was hiding in a treetop next to an estate at one end of Millfall, he wasn't surprised to see her there.
Nova took one look at him and immediately recognized him. "Mister Amnesia." She muttered Casey's alias.
Casey wasn't a famous person. He had to be unknown to do part of his job. However, some high-ranking soldiers and magicians in Millfall knew of the man who served the local nobles with his uncanny ability and had been helping some of these families with their problems for the past three years.
Since Casey usually erased the memories of his targets, he had earned the nickname "Mister Amnesia." But Nova knew that the black-haired man's abilities went far beyond that.
"I didn't expect you to go after her as well. The Fuller family hired you? I didn't know you did investigative work as well." She said as she looked seriously at the man, tense because he was very powerful and dangerous.
Considering his story in this city, she didn't have a good impression of Casey.
It was only natural that she looked at him defensively!
Casey ignored how Nova put a hand on the sword hanging from her waist and said. "You're here to save Nina, right? What are you going to do, Miss Bain? Are you just going to attack at my side and get her out of here?"
"What else is there to do?" Nova asked him.
"Punish the real culprits."
She narrowed her eyes as she frowned. "And who would that be?"
Although she had arrived there almost together with Casey, Nova didn't have the same level of information as him. She didn't know that the young master Marcus Symons had ordered all of this. As such, she was only there for the rescue.
Casey smiled and said. "The Symons family. Marcus Symons."
"What?" She opened her mouth, her countenance changing. "Are you serious? Why would they do that?" Nova moved closer to him.
But Casey didn't move away when he saw her approaching his clothes to question him.
Ignoring the woman who wrinkled his shirt as she seemed to demand the truth, he said. "I know that as a soldier of the kingdom, you must doubt accusations against the nobility. But I'm sure and I can show you what I saw."
With his ability, Casey could also share the memories of his targets with other people!
He smiled and decided to test this woman. "If you want to know Marcus' motivation, I can't say for sure. But it's connected to the meetings between Vicente Fuller and Shelby Staples."
"Shelby Staples?" Nova let Casey go, wondering what Vice could have done with that woman to upset Marcus.
'Would Vice... No. He wouldn't.' She thought about the possibility of Vice getting involved with Shelby. 'Besides, that woman is no fool. She wouldn't risk it.'
Confident the man she most wanted to see right now wouldn't get involved with another woman behind her back, Nova said to Casey. "If you can prove what you said, I'll see what I can do. But he's the Viscount's son. It won't be easy to deal with him officially."
"When Vicente Fuller finds out what Marcus Symons has done, he'll try to settle his affairs personally."
Nova frowned. Vicente had never shown aggressive behavior, but this would be a good reason for him to get upset.
'Is that so? He's going to get in trouble.' She was worried and showed it to Casey.
Casey saw the look on Nova's face and was impressed. 'You seem trustworthy... But will you be when you find out who he is?'
But even with this doubt in his mind, nothing could stand in the way of his temporary partnership with Nova that night!
With her by his side, he was confident that he would be able to outwit the level 4 men from the criminal group Marcus had hired to kidnap Nina.
"Anyway, we're not here to talk. How about we team up for now? I have my own reasons to save that girl."
Nova looked at him and agreed. "I'll take the front, and you take the back. Your skills will be more useful in rescuing her without putting her in danger."
 "Okay."
With that decided, the two split up, with Nova going to the entrance of what looked like a barn, where three men stood at the perimeter, guarding the place as if it were just an ordinary barn.
She grabbed her sword as she appeared there and glared angrily at the people who had held Nina captive for the past few days.
But without saying anything, she ran towards them, moving her sword as one of her pentagrams appeared above her weapon.
As she slashed at her enemies, who weren't expecting this sudden attack, Nova did something few would have guessed she was capable of in broad daylight.
With a single movement, she created a blade of mana that quickly traversed the space, slicing the bodies of two of the three level 4 men in half.
With her next move, her sword glowed a shade of red, and then she struck a blow that went through the third opponent and the door in front of them, destroying them as if they were nothing.
Normally, she would have brought them to justice, but as criminals willing to act against a disabled child, they didn't deserve to stay alive.
The worst punishment was not death, for only life could make one suffer enough to repent. However, these men had acted on the orders of the Viscount's heir and were unlikely to be imprisoned for long.
Killing them was the only way Nova could guarantee their punishment!
That night, Nova would have blood on her hands as she and Casey slaughtered a group of previously notorious criminals in this area of Millfall.



Chapter 227 Human Losses
A few moments later that night...
"Shit! We're screwed!" One of the teachers next to the men carrying Vicente shouted as they encountered a group of insects, beings between levels 3 and 5, surrounding them.
They encountered many of these beasts in the area they were now, but to get to this place, they had to fight several insects along the way. That had not only cost them their energy but also caused injuries and even the death of three of them.
One of the teachers had died in the last five minutes of their escape, while two men of the Mazzanti family who had already absorbed their new pentagrams had also perished.
They decided to take their chances when they saw a tunnel different from the one they had followed earlier under Vicente's guidance. Why that? Simple, they were sure that Rory's group hadn't managed to completely stop the group of woodpeckers.
If they fled along the path that only they would be encountered by the woodpeckers if such beasts reached them, they would end up in the terrible situation of being alone against powerful opponents. But if they took the other route that the insects in the area took, they might be able to get the beasts in the area to fight each other.
Using one enemy against the other was a logical decision. After all, these insects clearly planned to act against the woodpeckers while they outnumbered the invading humans in the area.
So the group had made their way through the insect-infested terrain of this area of the Alpine Woodpecker Forest, trying to distance themselves from the angry 3rd stage woodpecker still furiously searching for them.
This strategy, however, carried the critical risk of failing and ending up with twice as many opponents!
As they made their way through the depths of the underground tunnels, the group of magicians encountered a powerful bunch of insects before the woodpeckers reached them.
As the only enemies around, and with the pentagram, the men immediately became targets for the insects of various breeds at a crossroads of tunnels.
One of the Mazzanti family soldiers, holding the metal plate on which Vicente was, broke into a cold sweat and suggested. "Guys, we can't go any further. We have to hold our position until the boss succeeds."
"What?" Julian shouted, breaking into a cold sweat as he stood guard.
"Get real. We can't keep moving." The soldier said before looking at his companions. "Let's leave the boss on the ground and use all our ammunition against these creatures.
We can only buy time for the boss now!"
The soldiers were aware of it. As long as they moved, it would be harder for them to protect Vicente and for the black-haired guy to absorb the pentagram.
On the other hand, if they stood still, they could form a formation around their leader to protect him and use up the ammunition they hadn't used yet while carrying Vice.
This would give them some space and time for Vicente.
The disadvantage was that they could be surrounded more easily by these creatures.
"Let's do it!" The teacher leader ignored the cuts around his body, seeing that this was the best they could do.
After minutes of movement, he couldn't help but admit how incredible Vicente was. Anyone else in that situation would have failed to absorb the pentagram and probably suffered a magical rebound.
But Vicente was still relatively well, which gave not only his soldiers but also these teachers hope that he could absorb the yellow pentagram.
'I hope you succeed, young Cesar. With your skills, we'll probably have a chance of escaping alive.' The leader of the teachers thought to himself as everyone in his group took position around Vicente.
Meanwhile, Vicente was in deep meditation; his consciousness turned to the depths of his being, where he could see two essences emitting powerful vibrations.
One of them was darker, and he had no idea what it was other than the yellow pentagram he could see. The other was his first Magic Gem, which had its red pentagram circling around it, emitting weaker pulses than the other.
A yellow pentagram was on top of his less impressive gem, descending on it like a huge weight falling on a small creature.
Vicente concentrated on it, trying to slow down as much as possible as the third pentagram in the depths of his being, using his first gem and pentagram as much as possible.
'This is really heavy.' He thought as he felt a sense of weakness throughout his being, similar to what someone would feel when doing an exercise overloaded.
'But it's not out of my reach!'
His first Magic Gem and Pentagram inflated, increasing in size to contain the level of power of that pentagram.
'My body is able to withstand the yellow pentagram of my other gem because of its unusual quality and properties. But at the end of the day, both gems are in the same body! Even if my first gem can't withstand it alone, it's not alone!'
Understanding better how a being with two different essences worked, he forced his first gem to grow, taking some of the 'dominance' of the second one.
As this happened, the mana circulating violently through his body made both his first gem and the red pentagram tremble as they grew.
Small diagrams appeared around the red pentagram, with orange inscriptions on its sides.
At the same time, the same inscriptions formed beams of light in the air, connecting this pentagram, the gem, and the yellow pentagram falling upon them.
 Vicente trembled considerably, outwardly convulsing as he felt all the mana in his being seem to erupt.
He was currently about 33% through the level 1. But suddenly, the mana in his body improved its density and increased in volume, reaching 49% in the blink of an eye.
He almost fainted when he felt this sudden increase in power. Still, before that happened, he felt as if something had changed in his surroundings. It was much easier for him to continue his meditation now.
Feeling a good sensation similar to when a headache suddenly disappears, he seized the opportunity. Vice quickly used his 1st Magic Triangle to solidify the yellow pentagram in the position of the second space of his first gem.
He was on his way to complete the absorption of that pentagram!



Chapter 228 Success
When a magician awakened their powers, the mana in their body would be like blood flowing through their veins, nothing too difficult to understand. When they reached the 2nd stage, the mana flow around the body would give rise to small essences around it, known as Magic Triangles.
A level 1 Acolyte was nothing more than a magician with one of these triangles formed. In contrast, a level 5 Acolyte was someone with five of these essences.
When the five triangles came together at the end of the 2nd stage, they formed the Mana Vortex, which would give rise to the River of Mana at the end of the 3rd stage. From the river of mana, one's mortal body and magical soul would be separated.
Only then would one be freed from mortality and be able to perform completely abnormal feats for humans, no longer depending on food, rest, or ordinary mortal things.
Their powers would also increase greatly!
However, what mattered to Vicente now was that he already had one of the five essences needed to create the Mana Vortex. Although this was one of the essential parts of his progression to the 3rd stage, it was a part of him that could be used when absorbing the second pentagram.
As something superior to normal mana for his body, such an essence was the greatest weapon Vicente had to absorb the yellow pentagram successfully.
Aware of this, when he succeeded in positioning the yellow pentagram in the space available for his second pentagram, he immediately used his first triangle to mark the new essence of his being.
As he did so, small inscriptions appeared on the new pentagram, and Vice felt a change in his connection to it.
If before such an essence had been in sync with him, now it was integrated, allowing him to see new possibilities as his magic foundation stabilized.
The rays of light connecting his first pentagram and the gem disappeared. Soon after, his physical and mental attributes began to rise rapidly, making him realize what had just happened.
'I did it!' A satisfied expression appeared on Vicente's face as he felt the heaviness of a moment ago disappear, felt his muscles stronger, the mana in his being denser, and an elemental affinity more refined.
When he opened his eyes, he saw the world in greater depth. But he also realized the situation of his men, who were desperately fighting the insects surrounding them.
Vice was not surprised to find himself in such a different situation than when he had begun the process of absorbing his second pentagram. He knew that someone had moved him.
When he saw his surroundings, he simply stood up from where he was, eager to test his new abilities.
When one absorbed a new pentagram, in addition to solidifying one's magical foundation, which became unstable after one stage advancement, one would also gain a new unique ability and increase one's physical and mental affinities and characteristics.
This wasn't really an advancement because most of these abilities were already present in that body and just needed to be 'unlocked' to be achieved.
In a sense, these improvements came after one had advanced a stage, but it was after one had absorbed a pentagram that one would achieve sufficient mastery to have all of their improvements at their disposal.
In any case, one would feel stronger after absorbing a new pentagram. Sensing this amid so many training options, Vicente moved with a smile on his face.
"Thanks for protecting me, guys. Time to return the favor." He said as he activated his first pentagram, feeling his material manipulation skills strengthen.
Pentagrams formed naturally, without the involvement of living beings, could evolve. That was the case with the pentagrams provided by gems. Consequently, by conquering his second pentagram, Vicente and everyone else would have their first ability strengthened.
He sensed the metals in a much larger area than before and felt a much more refined control over the metals in living bodies, like those insects.
But before he attacked them, Vicente activated his new ability, Electromagnetic Sight!
As he activated his new power and the yellow Magic Pentagram appeared around him, Vicente's eyes lit up as he perceived the world around him through magnetic and electrical patterns.
Seeing the field lines of the world, but also the living beings around him, Vice combined his two abilities and manipulated the electromagnetic field lines in the environment.
As Vicente and his companions moved about, jumping from side to side, they noticed that the beasts around them began to behave strangely.
Some of those attacking Vicente's men acted as if they had found invisible shields in their path. In contrast, others lost contact with the ground and floated in the air.
Seeing it, the strongest teacher of the group dropped his weapon and watched as the air in front of him distorted.
He tried to extend one of his arms in that direction, but the further he went, the slower his movement became.
It was as if it had suddenly become impossible to reach that point in space as if the space between him and that point had become infinite!
'This...'
No one there, except Vicente, understood exactly how his new ability worked, but everyone was shocked by its power.
.
But Vicente, who had studied modern physics, knew what was happening!
The field lines didn't cross!
 Combining his two abilities, he gained control over the electric and magnetic fields, enough to create barriers and much more.
Finally, he stopped moving around the area, looked at the level 3, 4, and 5 creatures around him, and clenched one of his fists.
At that moment, several bodies exploded around Vicente's group, staining the side walls of this underground area lit by the torches of the Mazzanti family men.
Amid this, an electromagnetic pulse emerged from that area, exploding in all directions, with bluish rays appearing in the area, hitting the legs, forefeet, and other pointed statures on the bodies of those insects that survived.
In the blink of an eye, Vicente killed more than half of the insects that had previously been around his group, deeply shocking the teachers of Ironcrest.
The men there watched with open mouths, seeing the first magician to conquer a second Magic Pentagram of the Yellow rank, a monster in many ways.
Seeing the surroundings stained with dark blood, with various remains of the exploded creatures or even whole bodies, Julian looked at Vicente and sighed.
"You really survived... Lucky for us. I'm glad I was wrong in my thoughts." He said as he fell to the ground in exhaustion.
"Hmm? But you said..."
"I know. But I didn't think you would survive anyway." Julian bitterly laughed.
"You bastard. I can't believe I saved you twice." Vicente closed his eyes and laughed, too, but he wasn't angry with Julian or the other teachers.
Yet, he quickly became serious when he realized the group was too small.
"Where are the others? What happened after I started absorbing the pentagram?"



Chapter 229 Last Day in the Alpine Woodpecker Forest (1)
Seeing the bodies of their enemies on the outskirts and hearing Vicente's question, his men bent their knees before him.
One of them said. "Boss, congratulations on your success in absorbing the yellow pentagram. We never doubted that you would be able to overcome such a challenge!
Not only were we confident of your success. I can tell you that the rest of the group was as well. That's why the deputy decided to stay behind to buy time for the rest of us."
"He stayed behind alone?" Vicente made a strange expression under his mask.
"No. Several of our men stayed with him to buy time for us." Another soldier said in reply.
Julian commented. "I don't know what the other group was doing. But after we split up, we heard gunfire and explosions, followed by earth tremors throughout the area.
Because of these tremors, we found this other network of tunnels where many insects like the ones you killed seemed to be hiding in the woodpecker area."
Julian summed up the situation well enough for Vicente to understand that he and his group were not yet safe but also that Rory's group still had a chance.
"In the meantime, we've lost some companions to get here." The leader of the teachers commented as he sighed deeply.
Now that things had calmed down with Vicente's success, such a teacher couldn't help but feel sorry for the fallen men.
"Drew and Theo died from some bugs the boss killed." One of the soldiers said, not daring to look at his boss, ashamed that he had been saved by one of those two.
He should have died instead of Drew!
"I see... That's a shame. I'm sorry I put you in such a terrible situation." Vicente lamented the deaths of these men while worrying about those still alive. "But there's no time to mourn. We're in enemy territory, and we have comrades who need help."
"Do you intend to act?" The strongest teacher in the group asked with surprise on his face.
He was sorry for the death of his comrades and worried about Vicente's men who had stayed behind with Rory. But that didn't mean he was ready to go back and help them!
That would be like courting death!
Vice looked at the professor and spoke. "Of course. I came to this place to make my family stronger. Would it make sense for me to abandon my men now?"
"But we're talking about a 3rd stage beast, Cesar. Besides, what will your men do without ammunition? I know their bullets must be running out by now." Julian argued.
"That's not a problem," Vicente responded as the mana in the surroundings concentrated around him, and the rocks in the area disintegrated under his first skill, forming metallic clusters.
In a matter of 15 seconds, the men watched as the rocks there turned into metallic spheres while their remains turned to dust. They then became ammunition for Vice's men's weapons.
But before it was over, a yellow pentagram appeared around these bullets along with the red pentagram, concentrating mana and elements similar to those in Vicente's body.
Small rays appeared around each of the more than 400 bullets formed, while Vicente saw the field lines appearing around them.
He smiled and said. "These are improved bullets. Use them wisely, my soldiers. They're not as resistant as the previous ones, but they have something extra that will help you."
If these bullets had been made with the right metals, they would be even better than the previous ones in every possible way. But since Vicente didn't have the necessary materials, he improvised with what he could find in that area.
Yet, with his new improvement and ability to manipulate magnetic fields, he could now increase the special fields around his creations.
Although these bullets weren't as resistant as the previous ones, they were just as destructive, if not more!
Each man excitedly accepted the bullets, eager to test their leader's new creation.
Julian was impressed to see Vice's abilities, but he still didn't feel comfortable. "Still..."
"Don't worry. Saving my men doesn't mean facing the 3rd stage beast." Vicente stated, calming the most worried hearts. "I'm not stupid enough to think that my companions are still in the same place as before.
After being left behind, they probably either died or made their escape. Let's go where they might have followed after the explosions earlier."
"And where would that be?" The teacher leader asked.
"Where those tunnels lead." Vicente pointed to the intersection of tunnels where they were standing.
There were only three destinations for Rory's group. The first was to die where they had found the pentagram earlier. The second was to follow the path of the building dominated by the woodpeckers. Finally, the third was to follow the path of the insects.
Considering that it would be more dangerous to flee through the woodpecker area, Vicente thought that Rory or any survivors of his family would follow the insect tunnels, as this was the only way to create new enemies for their pursuers.
Since the earlier explosions had opened connections between the insect and woodpecker tunnels, it was almost sure that the survivors of his family would follow that route.
 Julian looked at the four tunnels in the area, one of which they had used to get here. "There are three possibilities in front of us. How do we know which one is the right?"
Vicente's eyes glowed a yellowish shade as he observed the black-and-white world with many field lines nearby.
No matter how weak, every living being had its own magnetic and electric field. But stronger beings had stronger fields. Also, beings with similar affinities could create a more robust field together.
The field lines didn't cross each other, and some of them reached far away from the central point of the field.
Observing the perturbations to the area's natural magnetic field and those generated by living beings, Vicente found it easy to follow a direction.
"Let's go through that tunnel." He pointed to one of the three possibilities. "I don't know what lies ahead, but I think it's likely that many low-level magical creatures or some high-level creatures are in such a direction. That must be the way out of this area."
His theory was that the only way out, besides digging, was to use the insect tunnels. There should only be exits through the insect-controlled part of the area.
With that in mind, the teachers there didn't try to convince Vicente otherwise, knowing they had to keep going to get out of that area.



Chapter 230 Last Day in the Alpine Woodpecker Forest (2)
Three hours later, Vicente and his group would encounter groups of insects on the path he had chosen.
As expected, they encountered a large number of 2nd stage beings, many insects between levels 1 and 5.
But none of them were a match for Vicente. Halfway to the group's current position, he had wiped out his targets, while for the rest of the way, his men and the teachers acted on their own to prevent him from exhausting himself.
There were no 3rd stage insects in that area, something the group had expected. As the beings who wanted to steal the yellow pentagram from the woodpeckers, it was obvious that the insect coalition of the Alpine Woodpecker Forest didn't have anyone to oppose the region's leaders.
That made it easier for Vicente's group to follow their path through the area. However, as they advanced and saw lower creatures in their path, the group began to notice signs that might indicate the location of their group's possible survivors.
"Let's go back," Vicente said to his soldiers as they reached the core of the insects' underground network, where many 1st stage creatures seemed to be living.
"Why?" Julian asked.
"There are no powerful insects here. Do you know what that means?" Vicente asked, not waiting for an answer. "The leaders of these insects have realized that they will be wiped out and have decided to flee, or they are heading in the direction of the strongest enemy."
"And how would that be good for us?" The teachers' leader asked as he could no longer endure the battle after running out of recovery potions in his storage item.
"The 3rd stage woodpecker can only go after our group or the rest of my men who stayed behind to buy us time," Vicente spoke, noting that however much his group had been delayed a few moments earlier, they had probably been the first to reach their current position.
"We didn't have to deal with the woodpeckers, so the survivors of your family must be being hunted." Julian realized where Cesar's words were going.
"Cesar, I thank you for everything you've done for us and for the times you saved our lives. But I don't see our group coming back alive if we encounter a 3rd stage being. So we won't go with you." The teacher leader commented.
"But Sam, maybe we should..." Julian didn't like that. He felt they should help Cesar in some way.
"Julian, as team leader, I forbid you to stay and help. We have to go back. Our priority now is to get out of this area alive. We have nothing more to do here now that we've found a way out." Sam interrupted the man's words.
Vicente didn't blame him for thinking that way. "Thank you for your concern. But you've already done more than I could have asked for the rescue earlier. Good luck to you."
"Hmm, I hope you survive, Cesar," Sam commented as he looked at such a man's mask. "I hope to hear stories from you in the future."
"Maybe you'll hear from me sooner than you think," Vicente commented before their groups separated again.
...
Meanwhile, in the depths of that underground area, a young man with red hair was meditating over the corpse of a giant ant, with an orange pentagram above him, completing its fusion with his being.
Three armed men held their positions in cold sweat near the young man, waiting for their boss to finish what he had started an hour ago.
After the gunfire and explosions earlier, some of Rory's group had been killed by the collapse of the tunnels they had used to escape the woodpeckers after they had attacked them earlier.
However, they had managed to buy time not only for Vicente's group but also for their own to escape the angry woodpeckers in the area, who had initially lost sight of them after the landslide.
Of the ten men who had stayed with Rory earlier, three had died from long-range attacks by the earlier enemies or from the landslides. But of the seven who had survived, three had stayed by his side, and the rest took an alternative route, an order from the young redhead in an attempt to divide the enemy forces.
Now, they had no idea how those four soldiers were doing. The only thing they knew was that the angry woodpeckers had not yet found them, and they were trying to seize the opportunity to strengthen themselves!
After defeating a group of insects that had gotten in his way, Rory had found a pentagram that matched him!
"How long will it take?"
"I don't know. The deputy killed the ant all by himself. I think we'll be able to leave in a few minutes." One of the three said, eager to leave this area even without his second pentagram.
Before entering that underground network of tunnels, the Mazzanti family group of 20 had 10 men, including Vicente and Rory, still without their second pentagrams.
But after the deaths of some and the success in obtaining the second pentagram of others, only 5 men were left to receive pentagrams in the group. Among them, 2 of the 3 people with Rory had yet to do it.
"I hope so. I don't know why, but I have a bad feeling. I think a powerful enemy is closing in on us.
...
After a few minutes of walking back the way they came, this time using an alternate route, Vicente's group had finally noticed signs of a battle ahead of them.
Vicente and his six men moved faster toward those targets but without leaving their formation.
Even though he was the strongest of the group, Vicente knew the advantage of having allies fighting by his side, and he wouldn't make the mistake of exposing himself unnecessarily.
It was true that the lives of his family members might be in danger, but he wouldn't risk the lives of more of his companions with an ill-considered action that perhaps wasn't so necessary.
 He could already feel the auras of the woodpeckers ahead. So, Vicente shouted to his men, who were running with their weapons drawn.
"Get ready. We have several level 5 opponents ahead of us. I think our survivors just fought with woodpeckers and insects." He said as his group heard the sound of gunfire but also screams from further ahead.
As they moved forward, the men raised their alertness a few degrees, preparing for the worst and possibly meeting the strongest enemy in their path.
If there were such strong woodpeckers ahead, the possibility that the 3rd stage woodpecker was nearby was not small!
As he was about to reach the battlefield in a chamber just ahead, Vicente activated his two pentagrams and flew forward, taking the initiative to save his men.
'Time to use everything I have!' He thought as he appeared in the area where four of his men were, but also 6 woodpeckers and 10 insects, all level 5 enemies.



Chapter 231 Last Day in the Alpine Woodpecker Forest (3)
When Vicente appeared where 16 beasts were fighting each other or the four exhausted humans in the area, he immediately noticed that Rory wasn't there.
Faced with this situation, Vice didn't immediately worry about what might have happened to some of his men. Seeing that four of his soldiers were wounded and out of ammunition but also surrounded by enemies, he immediately distorted the electric and magnetic fields in the area.
As he did so, the insects facing the woodpeckers and the insects surrounding the men of the Mazzanti family realized that something was wrong.
Beasts were beings with extraordinary sensorial abilities. They could detect physical or magical changes in their surroundings much more easily than humans.
When a woodpecker, about 0.9 meters tall, with black feathers over most of its body and a brightly colored head, tried to pierce the armor of one of the ants nearby, it missed the move and felt something messing with its senses.
At the same time, one of the snake-like insects about to wrap itself around one level 1 human felt the distance between it and its target become infinite.
As it was about to cover the human, crushing him and poisoning him simultaneously, the space in front of it distorted, and the poison coming out of its many legs missed its target and fell to the ground.
"Boss!"
"We're saved!"
The four men realized that only Vicente could be behind the strange phenomena around them, and they shouted with joy as they realized that they might not die.
They had been surrounded by these insects a few minutes ago when the peace of the last two hours, during which one of them had absorbed his second pentagram, ended, and they became desperate.
Low on ammunition, they thought they were about to die.
Fortunately for them, the woodpeckers and insects of this mountainous region were ancient enemies. When they encountered them almost simultaneously, the groups of insects and woodpeckers were much more focused on destroying each other than on dealing with these humans!
If the group of humans who had entered this underground area that night had been able to perceive the insects' plans, it wouldn't have been the woodpeckers who ignored this obvious fact. As much more territorial creatures than humans, woodpeckers would obviously know the significance of these tunnels so close to their main outpost!
When they met in that chamber, there was no way one side could ignore the other just because of the presence of humans!
But even though they didn't have to face all those beasts, Vicente's men still suffered from the attacks of the most numerous insects in the last moments.
After seeing their leader there, their situation changed from desperate to hopeful.
While Vicente was drawing the attention of the 2nd stage beasts, Vicente's men suddenly heard several shots coming from the same direction.
Bang!
Even though they were used to the noise and effects of Vicente's weapons, the four wounded men were taken by surprise by the gunfire.
Looking at the targets of the shots, they saw a strange scene unfolding in front of them.
They didn't see the movement of the bullets because they didn't have the visual skills to follow a shot faster than the speed of sound. However, when they looked at the insects hit, the four men immediately saw uncommon consequences appear on the targets of those bullets.
Even though they were level 5 beasts and Vicente's men's bullets weren't strong enough to penetrate their bodies, they still caused damage and made the beasts grunt in pain.
One of the woodpeckers was hit in the head and felt a twinge in its neck. But after the bullet stopped at its head, blue lightning suddenly appeared around its body, electrocuting it.
Some of the other beasts suffered the same, but that wasn't the only special phenomenon.
One of the hit ants also didn't have its natural armor pierced. But after being hit by a shot from one of Vicente's men, a magnetic pulse damaged its geographic orientation, making it even more vulnerable to Vice's powers.
The four men were excited to receive new ammunition and saw the change in their surroundings with a gleam in their eyes.
"Watch out, boss!" One of them shouted as he saw two woodpeckers manage to flap their wings and fly toward Vicente. At the same time, a scorpion-like insect with a bright purple tail launched a spear-sized stinger at Vice's chest.
'Attacking me?'
Vicente saw it and continued to float in the air, extending his arms as he manipulated the field lines around him.
To everyone in the chamber, he merely positioned his arms 180 degrees from each other, nothing more.
But as his two pentagrams appeared around his body, Vice could clearly see the field lines around him forming what looked like a sphere.
The enemies were about to hit him when all the men in the area looked at him with a bit of fear. But before anything happened, the stinger and the two woodpeckers found a powerful barrier in their path.
The barrier slowed their movements more and more as they approached Vicente and began to push them in the opposite direction, like a rubber band.
Vicente smiled behind his mask as he saw the three practically stop in mid-air in front of him.
 "Now you come back." He muttered as each of them was thrown in the opposite direction.
However, Vicente used his powers to accelerate the three, giving them three times the speed they had used to approach him.
Boom!
When the woodpeckers hit the floor of that chamber, they didn't stand a chance, breaking their necks and leaving small craters in the area.
At the same time, the scorpion's sting came back at it, piercing its body mercilessly.
"Hm, I like this power." Vicente clenched his fists as he floated in the air.
But even he had his limits, and before he reached his exhaustion, he looked at the frightened beasts around him and made his last move.
Electromagnetic Pulse!
Flashes of lightning appeared throughout the chamber while the beasts still alive were fried by Vicente's spell, unable to defend themselves while their electromagnetic fields were altered by it.
With such a move, all the enemies in the area died!
"Wow! Boss, that's the power a yellow pentagram gives to Acolytes?" One of the less injured men in the chamber asked aloud.
"Don't waste your breath being curious." Vicente descended from where he was, no longer using most of his abilities but still keeping an eye on his surroundings. "Help your companions. It's time to leave!"
"Boss, I don't know if you already know the situation of the rest of us. But when we stayed behind to get in the way of the enemies, we split up to get in the way of those chasing us. Our group is down to four, but it's not because the rest of us are dead... Maybe."



Chapter 232 Last Day in the Alpine Woodpecker Forest (4)
"So you separated from the others..." One of the soldiers from the group that had returned to this area with Vicente said with a sigh of relief.
That meant there was still a chance that the deputy and the rest of the group were still alive!
"Sigh! Good! I don't know what I'd do if I had to go home without some of those guys."
"But I'm surprised you got a new pentagram, Cole. When did that happen?" One of the men asked the strongest of the four Acolytes who had just been rescued.
Cole replied as two comrades helped him. "I was lucky enough to find an insect compatible with me while we were hiding from the woodpeckers. It was a level 4 insect with an orange pentagram. I used its distraction and killed it with a single shot.
Upon hearing it, others commented. "It seems we can kill magical beings with our weapons and conquer pentagrams like when we use our skills."
Ever since they had started their hunt, their group had had this doubt about using their weapons in the hunt. As far as they knew, the chances of success in absorbing pentagrams increased when one killed their targets with their skills.
Therefore, Vicente's men had avoided using their weapons to kill their targets these days.
However, that soldier had tested it himself earlier.
"It seems that when we use our mana on the bullets in our weapons, we get the same result as when we use our skills. I thought it would take a while to absorb my pentagram, but in less than an hour, I managed to complete the absorption process." Cole said.
Vicente heard it and spoke. "That is good. We'll pass this on to the rest of the family when we leave this area. In the meantime, we have no more time to talk. Time to get to Rory's group."
"We have no idea how to find the deputy in this maze, boss." One of the wounded men said, eager to leave this dark network of tunnels that seemed to have no end.
As for him and the other three, they had barely escaped from the woodpeckers, as even the rulers of this region didn't know about the complex network of tunnels the insects had secretly built in the area.
"Don't worry. I know where to go." Vicente expressed before he ordered his men. "Distribute some of the ammunition I gave you earlier with them."
Then, Vicente threw the men some resources with free mana, food items that had a lower recovery performance than potions but were useful when one was without those higher-level resources.
They set off, again cautiously marching as Vicente led the way, scanning their surroundings and slowly recovering.
...
A few minutes after rescuing the group of four soldiers from the Mazzanti family, Vicente noticed a disturbance in the surrounding mana that made him uneasy.
Feeling the magical mark of the 3rd stage woodpecker in the same direction where he thought he might find Rory, he rushed ahead of his men in a cold sweat.
Rory wasn't just one of his soldiers. He was his best friend, the one Vicente trusted most in Polaris Realm. He was someone Vicente was willing to make sacrifices to help.
Concerned about Rory's situation, Vice hurried ahead of his group.
"We're a minute away from where the 3rd stage woodpecker might be acting right now. Keep moving forward. I'll go ahead and help our companions." He said as he used his ability to fly on a metal plate resembling a skateboard.
"Shit! I hope the deputy's group has already left the area!" One of the men said as they increased their speed.
...
Meanwhile, further ahead of Vice and his men, the 3rd stage woodpecker had finally gotten rid of the strongest insects in the group behind the construction of these tunnels.
It had followed the mana signal of the yellow pentagram for a while. Still, after Vicente's body had absorbed such an essence, it had lost the signal and was left without a path to follow.
That had led it into the labyrinth of tunnels of the insects' enemies of its tribe, where it had met the enemy leaders and fought for a long time.
It won, but when it was wounded and alone, it felt the aura of one of the humans who had attacked its tribe early.
Following its instincts, it reached the chamber where it encountered three armed humans and a young level 1 Acolyte who had just absorbed his second pentagram.
Seeing part of the group of thieves that robbed its treasure, the woodpecker, who was pretty bad at the moment due to the many feathers it had lost that night and the blood dripping from various parts of its body, attacked the strongest one there without thinking too much.
Like an instinctive creature, its main impulse was to eliminate those lowly Acolytes who dared to act against it!
Sensing someone quickly approaching him and his men, Rory moved the mana through his body, flooding his Magic Gem.
'Fuck! I will need all of myself right after I absorb my second pentagram!' The young redhead thought to himself as he watched the bird fly furiously towards him, its beak as sharp as a sword aimed at his heart.
He didn't hesitate to combine the power of his two pentagrams and form his strongest move right after finishing his meditation.
Fire Aura!
 The two pentagrams glowed around Rory, causing orange flames to appear around his body, completely covering him as he jumped toward the woodpecker.
He also used his abilities separately, a possibility for magicians.
Pentagrams gave abilities to their users. However, these abilities could influence each other and create new powers, such as the manipulation of electromagnetic fields that Vice was currently capable of.
However, each pentagram could be used either to create a unique phenomenon caused by more than one ability at the same time or to use both abilities separately.
In short, it was possible to use the ability of the first and second pentagrams and even mix the two abilities simultaneously.
That wasn't easy and required a lot of energy from the magician. But it was mainly possible for people with superior talents.
Aware of the disadvantages, Rory followed the plan anyway because using all of his abilities at once could give magicians like him much more temporary power than they could handle in normal situations.
He made explosions appear near the wounds of the 3rd stage bird while he was covered in flames before using his second ability separately.
Heat Manipulation!
He clasped one of his hands in the bird's body direction, instantly raising the woodpecker's internal temperature by a few dozen degrees Celsius.
"Go to hell, you bastard!" He shouted something he had learned from Vicente as he attacked with all his might.



Chapter 233 Apprehension on the Run
As its entire body temperature rose while being attacked on multiple fronts by explosions on its wounds, the 3rd stage woodpecker opened its beak in pain, temporarily affected.
Even though its mana and characteristics were far above those of a level 1 Acolyte like Rory, the bird's injuries and underestimation of its opponent caused it to scream in pain, revealing its plight to those around it.
But Rory's movement was far from enough to stop the 3rd stage woodpecker's attack, let alone endanger the beast's life!
The woodpecker continued on its way to Rory's chest, glaring furiously at its target now that it had seen a bit of the human's abilities.
Bang!
The three men next to Rory fired the last bullets in their guns at the wounds on the relatively large body near them.
These were bullets that could kill the bodies of level 3 Acolyte humans. However, even though the woodpecker hit by those bullets was far superior to humans of that level, it didn't mean it wouldn't feel pain from being wounded even more by those bullets.
Under normal circumstances, the woodpecker wouldn't even have its skin pierced by such bullets. But with open wounds all over its body, it was defenseless against the shots fired by the men in the area.
Even though the bullets that hit it were not lethal, they could cause it as much pain as a superficial blade cut on the body of an ordinary person on Earth.
Would a superficial cut kill someone? Hardly. But even someone with a strong mentality might have trouble fighting with several such wounds on their body.
Suffering a dozen more wounds in the face of Rory's men, the woodpecker was even more enraged when it was about to hit its target.
If it could speak, then it would say aloud that it would slowly kill everyone there while promising to eliminate all humans who got in its way from that night on.
But it couldn't speak and acted against Rory, trying to pierce the chest of the young man in flames in front of it.
Rory jumped back in the face of the enemy, but he didn't have much space.
Even with the flames around his body, he knew he would be in trouble if the opponent hit him.
'Shit! I'm screwed!' He lamented as he felt the frustration of having nothing left to use against an opponent who had put up with the best he could do.
"Aaaaaagh!"
Rory opened his mouth as the long, sharp beak of the 3rd stage woodpecker hit his body.
The flame aura surrounding his body helped him greatly, burning the woodpecker's beak so badly that the creature missed his heart and hit his left lung.
Still, Rory's chest was pierced with ease, and he screamed in pain as he felt the bird collide with him against one of the chamber walls.
"Help the deputy!"
The three men dropped their weapons and let their pentagrams appear around their bodies as they moved to help Rory.
As they cast their skills or spells, the men's eyes momentarily widened as they saw the woodpecker strangely stop attacking Rory and look in their direction.
'Huh? Did we get its attention?'
'Maybe we've become stronger than...'
One of them was thinking with a smile when the woodpecker suddenly dropped Rory's wounded body against one of the chamber's walls and flew towards the men, scaring them considerably.
Just as they were about to regret what they had done, the three level 1 Acolytes saw a person appear above them, floating on a metal plate.
Vicente ignored his men as he entered the area, using his two skills simultaneously against the woodpecker he had spotted from afar, using more than 90% of the mana in his body.
"Get the fuck out!"
He did the same as he had done earlier when he was attacked by two woodpeckers and the sting of a scorpion, using the field lines around him to drive his enemy away.
The woodpecker was powerful, but its intelligence was far behind that of humans like Vicente.
Its instincts would normally help it in times like this one. Yet, tired and with many wounds on its body, it fell into Vicente's trap, feeling the same way some of its tribe members had felt earlier.
Instead of hitting its new target, it was thrown in the opposite direction of Vicente while several shots were fired in its direction.
Bang! Bang!
Vicente didn't want to waste time and yelled in the middle of the woodpecker's uncontrolled flight. "Quick, get your deputy. We're running away now!!"
 Vicente then made a series of hand signals and stopped in front of the tunnel he had used to reach this chamber.
"Vice!" Rory shouted as he saw his friend standing, smiling, even in pain, bleeding from his left chest.
But that was all that was said between them. Following Vicente's orders, the less injured men quickly grabbed Rory and started running toward the tunnel where Vicente stood at the entrance.
As he watched the last of his men pass by and the 3rd stage woodpecker stagger dozens of feet ahead after hitting a wall and then the ground, Vicente used the rest of what he had on a spell.
Concentrating the mana in his hands, he struck the ground with his right palm, instantly making the surrounding ground tremble as the walls of this tunnel closed in on him.
"Run!" He shouted as he ran in the direction that led to the insects' home. At the same time, the woodpecker noticed its enemies fleeing and jumped into the air to fly at high speed towards them.
As it flew toward the tunnel, the woodpecker saw the space in front of it narrow, with the walls of the tunnel moving toward the center of it, the radius of the tunnel reducing with each breath.
Rory was being carried, so he watched as Vicente, the last of his team, ran as the tunnel closed.
'Damn it! Hurry up!' He saw the woodpecker getting closer and closer to Vicente and was worried that his friend would be caught by the woodpecker or crushed by the tunnel's walls.
Just as Vicente was about to be crushed by the tunnel, he slid down it while Rory saw the walls of the tunnel closing in on the woodpecker's body, inches from reaching his friend.
Their escape had been pushed to the limit!
But would it be enough for them to escape without any more problems?



Chapter 234 Mission Completed
"Vicente, you bastard! You almost got yourself killed!" Rory shouted with a smile on his face, sighing when he saw his friend long after they had reached a new chamber where they were no longer in danger of being crushed by their leader's spell.
Vicente looked back and sighed, seeing how his group had acted on the brink and narrowly escaped suffering at the hands of his own move or that woodpecker.
"A 3rd stage beast is truly powerful. Even with so many wounds on its body, exhausted, almost at its limit, it still almost reached us." Vicente commented. "Sigh, my bad, folks. I had to use what I had. But it was worth the risk. We're safe for now."
"Are we really?" Rory asked him as he made an ugly expression and looked at the darkened surroundings.
"This wall will hold it for a few minutes. Beyond that, I can't guarantee anything. Even if it's not easy to escape being buried, it is a Mage... It will surely escape sooner or later." Vicente said.
"So what do we do?" One of the level 2 Acolytes there asked, eager to leave the area and return to Millfall.
Rory picked up a recovery potion and threw it in Vicente's direction. "Drink up. You can get us safely out of this underground area. When we reach the surface, we'll be able to follow the path we took to get here. I think we'll be able to escape in relative safety."
Everyone looked at Rory, realizing he wasn't in mortal danger but needed the potion more than Vicente.
But no one questioned him because Rory was right. If there was anyone who could get them out of the depths of the Alpine Woodpecker Forest, it was Vicente.
Vice took a deep breath and accepted the potion Rory had avoided using all day, the last of the group.
"Okay. I'll get our group out of here." He drank it.
The effects of potions were quick. In less than 30 seconds after drinking the potion Rory had given him, Vicente felt his mana return to normal while the minor injuries and fatigue in his body disappeared.
With 100% of his strength available, he looked up and jumped into the air, forming a few seals before reaching the top of the chamber.
A cylindrical tunnel 15 meters long and 3 meters in diameter opened up.
Metal bars from Vicente's armor then flew into the tunnel, instantly forming what looked like a staircase.
Realizing their escape route, the group immediately followed the path to the surface while Vicente stayed behind to seal it off as they moved upward.
'This escape mode is tiring, but that woodpecker will surely escape and head for the center of this insect-dominated area.' He thought as he spent much of his energy creating the escape route for his people.
'That way, we can finish our mission in this forest!' He sighed and gradually climbed with his men, using his elemental affinity with the Earth to the fullest in this part of the escape.
Two minutes after his recovery, Vicente would be the first to pass through the end of the tunnel he had manipulated and reach a part of the forest on that hill.
Realizing where he was and seeing no enemies around, Vicente brought his men to the surface and closed the tunnel they had used.
"What do we do now?" One of the level 2 Acolytes asked.
"We will complete our mission," Vicente replied. "Now that we're stronger, getting the missing pentagrams for some of our companions will be easy."
The 14 men who were with Vicente agreed and then set off back the way they had come, returning to where they had left their carriages.
Now, it would only be a matter of hours before they finished their journey through the forest!
...
As Vicente and his group drove away from the central area of the Alpine Woodpecker Forest, Nova and Casey had eliminated the enemies from earlier and were returning to the Fuller family's house.
In the arms of the man with the tanned skin and black hair was a sleeping young girl, dirty, with dry lips and a tired look, like someone who hadn't eaten or slept well for days.
Meanwhile, Casey and Nova had terrible looks, unable to feel good about finally rescuing Nina.
She had certainly suffered in captivity the last few days, and even though she was safe now, what had already happened couldn't be changed!
Once again, she had faced despair and felt powerless!
"What are you going to do?" Casey asked as he saw Vicente's official residence near where they were running.
"I don't know. I'll make some contacts within the army to understand my options. Nobles aren't like common people like us. The rules only work for them as they do for us when other nobles are involved." Nova commented, feeling terrible. "Even if we can prove that Marcus ordered Nina's kidnapping, nothing will happen to him, and that will give the Symons family even more reason to act against the Fuller family."
"Like I said, Vicente Fuller won't care about that. He'll get into trouble because of Nina's kidnapping."
"I know. But he's traveling now. Maybe I can do something before he returns." Nova sighed, not knowing how to tell Vicente everything that had happened.
She had promised him that she would help him take care of Nina. But because of the turmoil in the army lately, she had to leave the city and therefore couldn't keep her promise.
 "Sigh... With the danger of the 3rd stage basilisk, everything is so complicated." She said as she reached the door of Nina's house.
Arriving there with Casey at her side, they didn't even have to touch the door. Just as they were about to reach it, the door opened, and a blonde woman jumped at Casey, grabbing Nina from his arms.
Eve shed a few tears when she saw Nina again, feeling terrible that she hadn't been able to do anything for the girl in the past few days.
As she hugged Nina's sleeping body, she said softly into one of the girl's ears, knowing she couldn't be heard but saying it anyway. "Nina, I will never let this happen again! I will become stronger to serve you better in the future!"
Being already a level 1 Acolyte, Eve could quickly become stronger when Vicente and Rory returned, and a new group of the Mazzanti family set out to hunt pentagrams.
She was determined to join the next group that went hunting and to take advantage of the opportunities Vicente was giving her to make herself more useful to Nina!
But even though she was very emotional, she looked at Nova and Casey and said. "Thank you for saving Nina. We in the Fuller family will never forget it!"
Not only Eve thought that. The Mazzanti family soldiers hiding on the outskirts of the mansion thought the same.
But while they were grateful to these two, they were furious at the daring people who had plotted against their young miss!



Chapter 235 Going Their Separate Ways
'Symons families, huh? This doesn't end here.' A masked man at the Fuller mansion dressed all in black and standing in front of a rifle positioned towards the mansion's entrance thought to himself.
Everyone in the family adored sweet little Nina. Even though she was disabled, she didn't act like a victim and often tried to help, even though Vice kept her out of everything he did.
It wasn't uncommon for Nina to climb the stairs of her home and deliver a snack to Vicente's men, who were usually in charge of security or the residence.
For such interactions, she was well-liked by everyone in the family. Hence, her kidnapping could not fail to irritate even the less fanatical men in the family.
Some of Vicente's men were even willing to die for their leader, certain that their families would not be left helpless by their deaths. But even those who were not so determined could not take Nina's kidnapping lightly.
For them, any chance of a relationship between their family and House Symons had ended with Nina's kidnapping!
'We will show this town what happens to those who attack our people!' Thought another Vicente soldier nearby as he watched Nina return to her estate.
'We'll just have to stand still for a while... With the chief going to Ironcrest, we'll get resources to strengthen the family a few more levels.' A man at the door of House Fuller thought while keeping a neutral expression on his face.
"Now that Nina is safe, I have to go," Nova commented to Eve. "Unfortunately, I can't stay any longer. I have some problems to solve in the army."
"Thank you for your help," Eve said sincerely, seeing that Nova really was a good friend to Vicente.
Casey didn't want to stay either and soon left to meet Shelby.
But even though tonight's affair was over, it didn't mean everything was settled regarding Marcus Symons!
'I may not be strong enough to deal with you, but that won't always be the case. Just wait me, Marcus. If Vicente doesn't bring you down, I will!'
Casey thought as he ran through the shadows of Millfall.
...
Hours later, the day had already broken over the Scott Province as Vicente's group prepared to split up again.
This time, however, it would not be to explore more of the Alpine Woodpecker Forest or to divide the enemy forces that might be pursuing them. After days in this forest area, the group had finally served its purpose there.
After escaping from the 3rd stage woodpecker hours ago, the group had moved away from the deepest part of Alpine Woodpecker Forest. However, on their way, they spotted a group of beasts, which they carefully hunted so as not to attract the attention of enemies. Eventually, they obtained two new pentagrams for the group.
Over the next few hours, they would return with their carriages to an area where Vicente had sensed a group of three beasts compatible with some of his men.
They hunted these beasts for the last two hours when the one who had not yet conquered his second pentagram finally killed his target and began to absorb it.
The last man in the group to absorb his second pentagram had just done so a few minutes ago when Vicente gathered his group for one last chat before they split up.
It was time for Rory and most of them to return to Millfall, while Vicente and a few men would go to Ironcrest.
Looking at the 13 of the 18 men who had left Millfall with him and Rory, Vicente said to them. "We lost some of our companions on this journey, which is a shame.
However, everyone was aware of the risks when we left, and I will, of course, keep my promises. The families of our dead comrades will now be taken care of by the Mazzanti family."
The men around the group's three carriages, standing on a dirt road trail, heard their leader's words and didn't complain, confident that Vice would take care of these five families.
At the same time, they couldn't help but look down at the ground, feeling bad about losing five of their companions.
"Anyway, be careful on the way back to Millfall. Until you reach the city, you may have to deal with dangerous people of all kinds. Be prepared for anything."
Everyone nodded as Vice looked at Rory. "When you get to town, split off a small group to accompany our Acolytes who didn't come with us to hunt for their pentagrams. Otherwise, just do what we've already planned. Avoid any additional actions during my absence."
"Okay. But be careful in Ironcrest. There will certainly be powers looking for someone selling the Irwin family jewels."
"I know. I'll save the jewels for when we leave the province." Vicente was no fool to trade such stolen resources so close to House Irwin.
Then he looked at the three men who would accompany him and nodded to them as he walked toward his carriage.
"A good journey to you. If I'm successful in Ironcrest, I'll be back in Millfall in no more than 20 days."
With those words, the group split up, with Rory and 10 men, level 1 and 2 Acolytes, heading back the way they came weeks ago to Alpine Woodpecker Forest.
Vicente and his three level 1 companions took a new route, beginning a journey to circle the forest area's core to avoid problems with the woodpeckers.
Already in his carriage, as it moved along, Vice thought about how his family must be doing, looking forward to returning home and spending some time with Nina and Eve. Of course, Nova was also on his mind.
 'Things will get better soon.' He smiled.
...
While Vicente's carriage was moving, in another part of the Alpine Woodpecker Forest, three level 5 humans were moving at high speed towards the core of this area.
"Are you sure, Jasmine?" Mark asked the light pink-haired woman in front of him.
Jasmine's ability to track humans was phenomenal. But when she told him their targets were heading towards the heart of this dangerous area, Mark couldn't help but feel uncertain.
The group they were following was supposed to be made up of low-level Acolytes. How could they venture into that area?
It would be too dangerous! The risk of losing almost the entire group, or even the entire group, would be enormous!
"I'm sure of it, Mark. But why did you convince me to come here if you don't trust me?" Jasmine looked back seriously.
"Of course I trusted you. I just find it strange... Anyway, are we away from them?"
"No. We'll catch up with them in one more day, two at the most, no matter where they went."
"Good!"



Chapter 236 Royal Academies
Alpine Woodpecker Forest was very close to Ironcrest. Since it was only a little farther away from it than The Rocky Gorge was from Millfall, a group traveling by carriage could get from the town to the mountainous area, or vice versa, in just over a day's journey.
That's exactly how long Vice and his men had to take the longest but least dangerous route to reach the vicinity of this important provincial seaside city.
Arriving near Ironcrest late that afternoon, Vicente and his men looked down from the mountain and saw the beautiful view of the province's second-largest city.
On one side was the vast, clear green sea, with dozens of miles of beachfront stretching as far as the eye could see from where he stood.
On the other side were the mountains of this area, which were part of the Alpine Woodpecker Forest and could be seen from the city.
But as much as this was a seaside city, a large part of it was in the middle of several small hills in the area, which gave a special charm to the city famous for its blacksmiths.
With more than 110,000 inhabitants, that place was much larger than Millfall, which was easy to see from a distance, as the urban area was three times larger than Millfall's.
The men in front of Vicente's carriage were seeing Ironcrest for the first time, so they all had smiles under their masks as they looked at the place with interest.
Then one of them asked. "Boss, where do we go first?"
"Rexnelts Academy." Vicente came right to the point.
"That..."
"Won't that be dangerous?" One of the men at the front of the carriage looked back as he questioned his Don.
Julian and the other teachers who had survived their journey in the Alpine Woodpecker Forest knew he had absorbed the yellow pentagram. Not only that, but they were on a mission to collect that essence.
That meant that those who were to receive the pentagram could target Vicente as an enemy!
But Vice wasn't as worried as his men. "Since we're going to be in Irancrest for a few days, we're going to attract the attention of this academy anyway. Don't think we'll be able to hide from the local powers."
He remembered Shelby as he thought about it, imagining that there must be several people like that woman in Ironcrest, people who could quickly find out about important things happening locally.
What had happened to Vice and those teachers would surely become news as soon as they reported what had happened.
If they didn't die, it would affect Vice and his group very quickly.
"I don't want to reveal my identity as the leader of the Fuller family, so we have nothing to do. Besides, I need to find some good local scholars. The best way for me to do that is through the best academy in Ironcrest." Vicente declared, making it clear to his men that they could do nothing about it.
'I hope those professors don't screw us over.' One of the men at the front of the carriage looked ahead and saw one of the entrances to Ironcrest not far from them.
...
Twenty minutes later, Vicente's group entered Ironcrest after passing the local guard at the entrance to the city.
The cities in the province did not charge entrance fees, and in normal times, one could easily enter any of them one wanted to go to. However, there were always guards at their entrances, especially larger ones like this one.
That was a way for the local powers to control who entered and left their cities, not necessarily a barrier to prevent certain groups from moving around.
Vicente had to wait a few minutes to gain access to Ironcrest, and soon, their carriage was on the main avenue, heading toward Rexnelts Academy, following the instructions of the local guards.
But even without instructions, they could easily identify it.
In the middle of this relatively simple city, with many buildings in similar patterns, was a group of buildings completely different from what one would see in the rest of the city.
There was the local Awakening Temple, the army headquarters in this city, and the building of the academy they were looking for, one of the Royal Academies of the state, which had access to the Seidel Magical College.
The Rexnelts Academy was not an academy like the one Nina was studying at or the Academy of Stars Vicente and Rory had attended.
That was a royal academy, which was not only closer to the greatest power of the state but also suitable for those between the ages of 10 and 14, young people who had already completed their basic studies.
That was the ideal age to learn professions that could be pursued after magical awakening, the focus of the royal academies.
Royal academies were not just places to train soldiers for the kingdom. Only a fraction of the students at these academies actually became soldiers.
The great purpose of these academies was to create professionals capable of meeting the needs of the state, to stimulate the areas most lacking in the kingdom, and to direct these young people to the right places.
Arriving in front of the academy building that Julian had been working on for the past few months, Vicente and his men noticed the difference between this place and ordinary academies, immediately seeing young people who were bigger and more mature than the children in ordinary academies.
Unlike the yelling and screaming one would hear around the usual academies, in this place, one would see many students in small groups chatting, but many others studying their various areas of focus.
 Considering how much easier it was to deal with young people between the ages of 10 and 14 than with the younger ones, the number of students there was far greater than one would normally see in juvenile academies.
'This place looks interesting... Ian must have grown up in the Royal Academy of Saltstar City.' Vicente remembered that his village friend had gone to such a place after he turned 10.
In such a place, one could discover one's affinities even before awakening and receive all the materials, lessons, and incentives to develop skills in any known profession.
Knowing how talented Ian was, Vicente imagined that the blond boy must already be a 1st or even 2nd-grade professional in Saltstar City.
But he didn't think much of Ian. As he got out of his carriage and made his way to the enormous building that looked like a religious temple, Vicente quickly put his friend out of his mind when he saw the academy staff approaching him.
"Cesar Mazzanti?" A man in royal army armor, someone on guard at this institution of the kingdom, asked Vice in a thick tone as his group surrounded the four men approaching the entrance to the academy.
'That was faster than I expected...' He laughed, imagining that Julian and the others had survived. "Yes, this is me. I'm here to see some old friends. But I think you'll take me to them anyway."
The soldier ignored Vice's good humor and said. "Follow us. Envoys from the Seidel Magic College want to see you."



Chapter 237 The Rigorous Criteria of the Royal Academy
Vicente and his men didn't make it difficult for the soldiers there to lead them to the envoys of the Seidel Magic College. Knowing that they would be led to these people sooner or later, they followed the group of soldiers and entered the inner area of the Rexnelts Academy.
After passing through the outer courtyards and gardens, they entered the Academy's main building, where the administration operated.
Passing through one of the most important corridors in the entire academy, Vicente and his soldiers noticed the signs in front of some doors.
From what they could see, there were departments in this academy for each magical profession that could be pursued!
The number of possibilities for students at this institution was not small!
There was no limit to how many professions a magician could have. Many would have only one profession, the most normal thing to see. However, cases of people with two or even three specializations were not completely uncommon.
Above three, things got complicated, and such people were extremely rare.
A person's magical power was closely related to what they could do. But usually, magical powers were very concentrated in particular areas, which made them more compatible with one or two different skills.
For example, it was very common to have alchemist warriors, blacksmith warriors, and so on. However, it was extremely unusual to see a blacksmith-alchemist-doctor, as the magic form required for one of these areas wouldn't normally be as interesting to the others.
Still, there was no limit to how many activities one could learn and specialize in. So studying in a place like this could be a great opportunity for anyone!
Contrary to what one might think, having more professions wouldn't necessarily get in the way of a magician reaching their peak in each of them.
It would indeed be more work to raise one's skill to the maximum if one had multiple areas of activity. But some magic forms might be compatible with more than one profession, and the magician with such a form would only have to learn the content of two areas. They wouldn't have to develop completely different powers. They would just have to adapt to different ways of using the same power.
That would be a lot of work at first, but once done, one would only have to read the books and understand the rules behind their profession, which is relatively easy to do.
Given the large capacity for storing information that the magician's mind had, having up to three areas of expertise wouldn't necessarily make one less skilled in each of their professions.
But while it wasn't that complicated to have more than one profession, there were tremendous advantages to having more than one occupation.
Aside from the obvious ability to work in two areas and earn more coins by working in both professions, one could become stronger faster.
For example, Vicente was a blacksmith and a warrior. By training his skills in either combat or forging, he could stimulate his growth in magic in both ways.
Why was this interesting? Simple, even magical training loses its effectiveness over time.
If one practiced the same training, it was natural that one day it would produce fewer results, just like a drug would produce fewer results after the body built up a resistance to it.
Having more than one profession was an interesting way to access different stimuli more easily and thus raise your level more quickly.
But as fantastic as all this was, if you didn't prepare well before the Awakening, even learning a single profession could be more difficult, even if you had the compatibility for it.
That's why a place like this was so valuable!
'There are blacksmiths, alchemists, engineers, sorcerers, poison masters, doctors... Impressive!' Vicente thought as he saw the plaques in the rooms of that corridor.
Then one of his men said. "A place like this is incredible... But it's also a bit unfair. Ordinary people must suffer to get a master to agree to teach them something. Here, the students get it easily."
"Unfair?" One of the soldiers serving at the academy looked with a smirk at the face of the Mazzanti man who had just uttered such nonsense.
He explained, showing he was proud to serve in that post. "You don't know anything. Do you think just anyone can enter our academy? To become a student here, you must have great qualities.
When we select students, we don't care where they come from. Only those with the skills we are looking for are selected.
Even the children of nobles can be rejected if they don't meet our requirements."
That was no lie. As much as corruption and favoritism prevailed in this world, the royal family of the Seidel Kingdom took the Royal Academies and the Seidel Magic College very seriously.
These two institutions were vital to the kingdom, and their mismanagement would only lead to the decline of the state, which was unacceptable!
The kingdom had sensitive data on the surplus or shortage of certain professionals. For example, if there were a shortage of doctors in Scott Province, all the Royal Academies in the province would have more places for students with an affinity for medicine the following year.
But if there were too many blacksmiths, the following selection would have a minimum number of places for young people with skills compatible with forging.
In short, every year, the configuration of places in the kingdom's academies changed to better meet the demands of the population.
Amidst this, even favored young people from the nobility could have problems getting into the academies.
For this very reason, it was not uncommon for some children of noble houses to be sent to other provinces or even states to study at academies with similar purposes.
 "Is that true?" Vicente asked when he heard that soldier.
"Of course."
Then he asked a question. "But how do the associations deal with you? I mean, do you train professionals?"
The men leading them laughed. "Of course not. The academy provides theory, useful methods to improve one's abilities after the Awakening, and contacts that can make it easier for students to find their masters when they leave the academy.
But their masters do the final part of their training, and only the associations can give them a license to operate or even recognize their abilities."
'That's why these academies have no problems with the associations... Still, these young people have many advantages. If someone like Rory had had the same opportunities as some of the students at this academy, he could have gone much further.' Vicente pondered, but he didn't feel wronged or want things to be different.
Life was as it was, and he had to deal with it!
"But you're not wrong. As fair as the academy is, some really do have advantages over others." Another soldier of the kingdom commented. "Don't forget Professor Newton, Myles."
Myles looked at the man and became more serious but said nothing, for Professor Newton was truly unique.
"Oh? Talking about our men to strangers? Where did you train those fools, Scott?" A female voice reached the ears of everyone in Vicente's group as a woman and a man appeared at the door of the room the group was going to.



Chapter 238 Genius
The moment he saw the purple-haired, sharp-eyed woman speaking in his direction, Vicente's eyes narrowed as he looked at the group of Mages in front of him.
'3rd stage magicians... What a problem.' He realized that the emissaries from the Seidel Magic College could only be some of the Mages in the room before him.
The man next to the purple-haired woman sighed as he closed his eyes. "Miss Philips, don't give us any trouble. Newton's situation is no secret to many relevant people in the province."
"But are these people important?" She asked, pointing in the direction of Vice and his men.
"According to Reid, yes. How could someone capable of absorbing a yellow pentagram while only at the 2nd stage not be relevant?" The old director of this academy, Jaxon Scott, a mid-level Mage, said as he looked toward the one who seemed to be the leader of the group being escorted to them by the royal soldiers.
Vicente heard that and realized the academy's leadership was already fully aware of everything that had happened in the Alpine Woodpecker Forest over the past few days.
'Damned Julian and his colleagues...' He sighed, but he already knew there was a good chance of that happening.
Arriving in front of the two in the doorway of the academy director's office, Vicente made a common gesture of greeting and said. "Nice to meet you, seniors. I heard emissaries from the kingdom's magic college would like to see me. Are you them?"
The white-haired man with a beard and mustache, standing next to the light-skinned woman with purple hair, said to Vice. "Young Cesar, the one next to me, is the group leader that came from the kingdom's magic college, Alice Philips. I'm Jaxon Scott, the director of Rexnelts Academy."
He looked at the soldiers standing there and said. "You are dismissed. I will take young Cesar and his companions to my office."
"Yes, director Scott!
Vicente entered the office and soon saw four other people there. Among them was another woman who had pink hair, a relatively young man with long brown hair, and a middle-aged man with short white hair and no beard, standing with his back to the rest of the group next to a window.
They were all Mages!
Sitting on a sofa in the middle of the office, Vicente remained silent, waiting to see what these people wanted from him.
The two youths who were there with Alice looked intensely at Vicente, staring at him in a way that frightened the young man's soldiers.
Meanwhile, director Scott sighed when he saw this difficult situation.
Then he opened his mouth, breaking the silence that had followed Cesar's arrival.
"Young Cesar, you're here because of the pentagram you absorbed. It was to be young Joshua Lambton's prize." The director pointed to the brown-haired young man, who had an ugly expression as he looked in Vicente's direction.
Vice looked at the Mage, who had recently advanced to the 3rd stage and was supposed to win the pentagram naturally formed in the region of the Alpine Woodpecker Forest, which, according to the experts of the magic
college, was very compatible with him.
As a high-ranking nobleman in the kingdom who would soon join the army to serve the king, Joshua naturally felt 'damaged' by what had recently happened between Vicente and the yellow pentagram.
He was the one who had to absorb the pentagram!
He was the one who had successfully graduated from the magic college and would soon begin to serve the kingdom!
Yet, a stranger had come into his affairs and 'stolen' what should have been his...
Naturally, he felt wronged by Cesar!
Then Vicente opened his mouth. "I understand that my pentagram was previously the target of someone from the magic college of the kingdom. But seniors, how am I to blame for everything that happened? I didn't try to absorb the pentagram. It chose me. I had no choice and faced great danger in trying to prevent the worst from happening."
"We know that..." Director Scott was about to say when he was interrupted by the man with his back to them looking out the window.
"Cesar Mazzanti, can you show me your second pentagram?" Newton opened his mouth for the first time since these Mages had gathered there to discuss the subject of Cesar and what had happened in Alpine Woodpecker Forest.
Everyone looked at him, aware such a man was not someone they could ignore.
Newton didn't come from a very powerful background. But his innate ability was supreme!
His ability gave him the capacity to learn everything. Aside from the skills of pentagrams and natural essences, he could learn any technique or knowledge as long as he concentrated on it for a while.
He was one of the greatest geniuses of the Seidel Kingdom of the current generation, someone who, at the age of 45, was already a mid-level Mage with 10 professions, and in all of them, he was classified as a 3rd-grade professional.
However, Newton was not an active professional but a scholar, someone who developed spells and studied the theories of each of these professions.
Vicente looked at the man and didn't refuse. "I can. Shall I do it now?"
"Hmm, if the others don't mind, I want you to do it now." He said as he turned and looked at Vicente.
 Looking at the man's face, Vicente saw an unusually shaped green gem on Newton's forehead, with two circles with the same center and what looked like an asterisk above it.
"Do what the scholar Newton suggested," Alice told Vice in an authoritative tone.
Vicente stood up and didn't hesitate to move his mana into his Magic Gem, activating his second ability and revealing a beautiful yellow pentagram in front of his body.
Seeing it, everyone opened their eyes wider, seeing that professor Reid's words were not lies.
Even before that, they had doubted the veracity of the words of the teachers who had returned alive from Alpine Woodpecker Forest.
Even after hearing that Cesar Mazzanit had arrived in Ironcrest and they had sent men to bring him to them, they still had doubts, for in the kingdom's history, no one had ever accomplished the feat of this young man.
At the sight of Vicente's second pentagram, everyone there paused for a moment to witness this unprecedented fact, realizing just how powerful such a level 1 Acolyte's magical fluctuation was.
"You really did it..." June, the woman next to Joshua, murmured as she looked at Vicente with interest.
'This young man...' Newton stopped scratching his folded hands behind his back, seeing Vicente was unusual on a much deeper level than the other Mages could realize.
"Enough, Cesar Mazzanti." He commented, once again turning his back on the people in the room.
"You truly have an incredible talent. Can you show us your Magic Gem?" Director Scott asked.



Chapter 239 Terrible Deal
Newton didn't waste time looking back when he heard the director's question.
Vicente answered the obvious. "No. For that, I'd have to reveal my identity. But that's something I'm not interested in doing, seniors. I hope you understand."
Vicente could have easily hidden from them by dropping his mask and using his real identity. But he hadn't, which indicated he either wanted to be found when he entered Ironcrest or had hidden intentions to protect his identity.
Either way, he would protect his identity with everything he had and not reveal himself so easily to these people.
Newton saw this when Vicente entered the office and didn't waste his time trying to force the young man to show his face.
However, the others there, especially those sent from the kingdom's magic college, didn't like his behavior.
"Kid, what you did was a crime, even if it was an accident," Alice said. "You are just as guilty of absorbing that yellow pentagram as a warrior would be of killing innocent people near a fight with an opponent. Even if it wasn't your intention, that doesn't absolve you of responsibility.
Whether you like it or not, you have taken something that should be ours. How will you repay the kingdom?"
That was unfair. Vicente knew it. But these were the kingdom's rules, and these people could get him into legal trouble in the Seidel Kingdom if he didn't benefit them somehow.
As members of the kingdom's magic college, these Mages could easily make his life difficult!
"What can I do to make up for this incident?" Vicente asked without getting upset.
Getting upset and screaming about how unfair it was wouldn't help him.
Joshua looked at the holes in Vicente's mask and said. "Just get me a new pentagram."
Everyone was silent after these words. It would be almost impossible to find another pentagram like that!
Not only are naturally formed pentagrams extremely rare, but finding one with the characteristics of Vicente's pentagram would be even more difficult.
'Shit! It would be easier to win the lottery on Earth than to find something like that.' Vicente sighed and felt he would have problems.
Then he suggested. "Senior Joshua, you know I won't be able to accomplish such a feat."
"Then we have problems, Cesar. I need a new pentagram." He said while making an even uglier expression.
Vicente thought of something and said. "I can't promise you that. But I can promise to help you get your fourth pentagram when you become a Sovereign."
Everyone looked at Vicente strangely, even his men.
"You what?"
"Of course, I can't help you with that today. But when you become a Sovereign, I'll probably be much stronger than now. I'll help you find your fourth pentagram or even collect it for you if there's something compatible that you know about."
"Tsk! Absurd!" Joshua thought it was a joke and turned away from Vicente.
Alice noticed the seriousness in Vicente's words, and even though it was probably a bluff, she asked him. "So you're willing to promise us that you'll return to Joshua something worth a green Magic Pentagram?"
The ideal pentagram for a Sovereign was one with a green rating. Naturally, Alice would include something of that value in the deal Cesar seemed willing to make with them.
"Yes, I am. However, I need time. But as soon as I have the capacity, I'll pay off this debt. I'm willing to sign a Magic Agreement promising that." He said, not wanting any trouble with high-level magicians or even the kingdom right now.
Everything was beginning to change for him. Vice saw a chance to grow quickly in Millfall, perhaps even expanding his operations throughout the entire Scott Province.
Having a problem with the royalty now could jeopardize his plans and even derail his goals!
He was willing to promise these people anything to avoid further problems!
Alice and June looked at Joshua, knowing this was a very good deal for him.
What Joshua had lost, or rather not won, was a yellow pentagram. But what Vicente had just offered him was a green pentagram. Even if Cesar couldn't keep his promise, he would still have to give Joshua something of similar value.
That meant that by agreeing to these terms, Joshua would have a promise with Vicente worth between 5 and 10 times more than what he had failed to earn now!
That was a big deal!
Joshua was angry with Vicente because this young man had taken what should have been his. But he was no fool!
When Joshua heard that masked man's proposal, he didn't refuse while everyone in the room stared at him.
 "We can make this deal." He smiled, speaking in a quieter tone as if he had just received an award. "How much time do you need?" Joshua asked. "I can't wait for you to live your whole life to pay me back."
"How much time can you give me?" Vicente asked, fearing the time he was about to say would be too short.
But he didn't want to have to pay off such a debt in a short time. He preferred to let the person choose the time, which would probably give him more time because Joshua would underestimate him.
'I'm 29, and I've just reached the 3rd stage. It will take me about 15 years to reach the 4th stage if I don't have any problems that prevent me from progressing as before.'
Joshua had a green talent and an unusual magical form. Moreover, he was about to join the army as a Commander and would have several advantages from attending the Seidel Magic School. Therefore, it wouldn't be as difficult for him to advance as it would be for unsupported magicians with lesser talents.
Therefore, he knew it wouldn't be impossible for him to reach the 4th stage, even though the road ahead was challenging, and there was no guarantee that he would reach such a level of power.
'He probably won't be able to give me a pentagram. So, he'll have to fulfill his promise with resources or items of the same value.' Joshua's eyes lit up.
He answered Vicente's question. "I'll give you 10 years."
"All right, I'll do my best to fulfill this promise in 10 years." Vicente wore a relieved expression on his face while director Scott and professor Newton looked at him strangely, for that was a short time for an Acolyte like him.
"Are you sure, Cesar Mazzanti?" Newton turned his face away, too curious about this young man's future to ignore such a promise. "You have no chance of reaching the 4th stage in that time. It's simply impossible. Even a magician with cyan talent wouldn't be able to do it." He said, citing the talent of the most talented magician in the history of the Seidel Kingdom.



Chapter 240 Warning
When Newton opened his mouth to speak again, this time, the members of the kingdom's magic college looked at him strangely, not liking his words.
What Newton had said was obvious to them. None of them needed to be geniuses to say it would be impossible for Vicente to reach the 4th stage in ten years, the time he needed to fulfill his promise to Joshua.
But even so, the deal with Vicente would still be precious to Joshua because even if Vice failed, the young man who would soon become a soldier of the kingdom would still have a deal that would make Cesar owe him a huge debt.
Vice could even lose his freedom and become Joshua's slave if he didn't keep the promise he had just made!
But with Newton opening his mouth to talk about it, it might dissuade Cesar from going through with the deal, which would be terrible for them.
'What is wrong with him? Why is he against us?' Joshua looked at Alice, uncomfortable with Newton's words.
Alice looked back at him but made a very obvious expression, telling Joshua to keep quiet and not to question what Newton was doing. As an essential genius for the state's future, such a teacher from Rexnelts Academy had a lot of freedom.
Vicente looked at the man and thought silently. 'I'm not sure. But even if I don't reach the 4th stage, I'll still be a Mage by then. As a Mage, won't I be able to handle the challenges of the 4th stage?'
Vicente was confident in his abilities and possibilities because he had two Magic Gems with a very solid and rich foundation.
What was difficult for others was not necessarily so for him!
These people knew nothing about him, so even a genius like Newton could easily be mistaken about him.
At the same time, Vicente saw no alternative but to make that deal. As bad as it was, the deal could put some distance between him and a problem that was difficult for him to deal with in the short term and give him some breathing room.
So Vicente replied. "I am confident I will be able to fulfill my promise within the time set by senior Joshua."
Joshua heard it and smiled, letting out a big sigh of relief.
'What a fool!'
"Haha, young Cesar is very determined in his promises. I like that." He said as he approached Vicente and lightly patted one of the masked young man's shoulders.
But Newton didn't care what was best for those sent by the magic college and instructed Vicente. "Cesar Mazzanti, do you know the consequences of failing in this deal? Joshua could claim his rights before the king. You could be forced to sign an agreement making you his slave.
Do you agree with that? I hope you understand the risks you're taking."
"Professor Newton..." Joshua was about to question him when Alice called his name, silencing him.
"Joshua!"
Vicente noted the situation of those sent by the magic college and Newton's position. 'It seems this man is quite important...'
But he was already aware of the local traditions and laws.
Slavery did exist in Polaris Realm, but it was different from what had happened on Earth for much of its history. Here, there was only debt slavery.
Anyone who made a promise, took out a loan, or even damaged the property of others could be forced into slavery if they could not compensate the injured party for their actions or failure to keep their promises.
Once one failed to fulfill such responsibilities and became a slave, getting out of that condition was virtually impossible.
A slave had no rights. They were like objects, and everything they achieved belonged to their master.
With the magical methods of keeping one under control, even beings with great powers and talents could be trapped in that condition without much chance of changing their status.
Even after the death of their owner, a slave would continue to serve their master's lineage until there was no one else to inherit them.
Only when an entire lineage disappeared would the slaves of that lineage become free.
Considering how terrible it would be to see a prodigy like Cesar become someone's slave, Newton couldn't help but be annoyed by the whole thing and try to make the young man think more carefully about what he was getting into.
'I don't want you to be limited by someone like these people. It would be terrible not to have the chance to analyze the growth of someone capable of absorbing a yellow pentagram while only at the 2nd stage.' Newton thought as he looked at Vicente.
But Vicente knew of the possibility of slavery in this world, a problem feared by many debtors like the brothers River and Zander from the tavern he protected.
"I'm aware." He said, aware of the risks but still preferring not to have to deal with some problems right now.
'In ten years, everything could be different. There are no guarantees in this world, and these men can't decide my chances. Like it or not, I'm beyond the normal rules of this world.' He thought, not being arrogant because his thoughts were facts.
As the only one with two Magic Gems in the world, he really couldn't be analyzed in the same way as ordinary people.
 'Since I absorbed a yellow pentagram at the 2nd stage, I'll try to absorb a green one when I reach the 3rd stage and become a Mage.' He thought, willing to take that risk now that he had a better sense of his limits.
Newton sighed as he turned away again. "Is that so? I hope you're right. Either way, you'll have ten years to fulfill the most ridiculous promise in the kingdom."
Joshua and his two teammates were finally relieved to see that Cesar Mazzanti really was a fool and wouldn't back down from his words.
"All right, Cesar, here is the Magic Agreement for you and Joshua to sign." Alice smiled exuberantly, already having a contract ready for them.
As much as Joshua would benefit the most from all of this, with this settled, she wouldn't have to report a problem to the magic college, something that could harm her.
On the other hand, the pink-haired woman next to Joshua was his girlfriend and was naturally happy about his agreement with Vicente.
At worst, he would gain a very capable slave, someone he could use to grow beyond his expectations!
Only director Scott and professor Newton were neutral or unhappy about the deal. Still, they didn't try to get in the way when Vicente left his magic mark on the papers in Alice's hands.



Chapter 241 Conversation with a Genius
After signing the Magic Agreement, the three envoys from the magic college finished what they had to do in the city and prepared to leave.
Before they did, Alice looked at Vicente and said. "Cesar, I hope you'll be able to fulfill that agreement. Regardless of our earlier position, you are a native of the kingdom, and if you can grow up to be an expert, it will be better.
Don't think we wish you the worst just because we ask for such an agreement. I hope to hear good news about you, and if you need anything in the meantime, I promise to welcome you to my office in the capital."
The Seidel Magic College had only one seat, which was located in the kingdom's largest city, the capital, Grandis.
Grandis was home to the royal family and all the known Sovereigns of the Seidel Kingdom.
As far as Vice knew, the strongest people in the state were Sovereigns, and most of them lived in the Diamond Province, the territory ruled by the royal family, where Grandis was located.
As much as Alice had forced him to make a bad deal, Vicente knew her words meant something. Any support in this highest place in the kingdom would be critical to anyone.
He thanked her for her words. "Thank you for the opportunity, senior."
Joshua and his girlfriend didn't say much after Alice's words, just saying goodbye and looking forward to the end of the 10-year period.
Left alone with his soldiers and the two Mages from Rexnelts Academy, Vicente pondered for a few seconds before director Scott looked at him and asked.
"Will you be all right, young Cesar?"
Director Scott could already imagine that Cesar was likely to have problems that would be particularly troublesome for him if today's problem wasn't solved the way it had been. No one without motivation would accept a contract as terrible as the one he had signed.
The director could easily see that and was curious to know what Cesar would do from now on.
"Hmm, thank you for your concern, senior Scott. But better a problem in 10 years than now." Vicente said, looking immensely relieved for them.
Unlike the vast majority of people in the world, Vicente knew exactly how compound interest worked.
How important was that? Well, his progress was like compound interest. The more time he had, the more magical his results became.
He was weak now, but in 10 years, he could go through various bonuses and increase his strength exponentially. There was no way to predict for sure where he would be when such a deal was struck.
Confident in the effect of compound interest on his magical progress, Vicente was calm even though he knew he had a long way to go.
Hearing Cesar's relieved tone, director Scott asked him. "Young man, why did you come here? I sense that you have more plans than just solving this problem."
"The director is right," Vicente remembered why he had come to this city and put the future aside for a moment. "I'm looking for knowledge. At first, I wanted to come to this academy to get advice on where or who to seek help from. But now that I've met senior Newton, I think part of my search is over."
"You wanted to meet me?" Newton looked at Vice.
"No. I didn't know your name. But now that I've heard how amazing you are, I can't help but wonder if you might be able to answer some of my questions." Vicente replied.
"Perfect. I'd like you to join me for a more in-depth conversation." Newton liked that.
To him, Cesar was a great anomaly, someone perfect for him to study!
He looked at director Scott and asked. "Do you have anything else you want to talk to Cesar about? I'd like to take him to my lab."
"Go ahead, professor Newton. I'll wait to hear about your conversation later."
Newton had a lot of freedom because of his potential. But director Scott didn't have much more to talk to Vice about anyway since the matter was already settled, and Newton could help the young man reach more capable scholars in this city than he could.
With that, Vice and his three men soon followed Newton's lead to the laboratory of the head professor of the Rexnelts Academy.
Halfway there, Vicente's men asked Newton about the director because of the man's last name. As they expected, the director was a member of the Scott family, the family of the current Duke of the province.
The director Scott was the Duke's eldest nephew, someone far removed from the Scott line of succession.
After discussing such a curiosity, the group arrived at a laboratory of over 200 square meters, a large cylindrical chamber on one of the highest levels of the academy building.
Inside the laboratory, they saw a bookcase that could easily hold more than 2,000 books of various types, all perfectly cataloged by specialty and level of difficulty.
In addition, there were various tools useful for different professions around the area, including items for blacksmiths, which Vice naturally recognized when he looked at the well-organized surroundings of that laboratory.
Vicente's men paid attention to the beautiful view of a part of the city and the sea from there, something neither Vice nor Newton paid much attention to when they arrived there.
Then, after closing the door to his lab and activating various security mechanisms, Newton lowered the curtains on the windows and turned on the lights.
 He asked the question he had been waiting to ask for a few minutes. "Cesar, what color is your first pentagram?"
Vicente's men looked at him, not understanding this simple question since it was so obvious.
What other pentagram, besides a red one, would anyone have? The first pentagram was given to magicians by the Magic Gem they received upon awakening. How could anyone have anything else?
But Vicente understood almost immediately what Newton was asking. 'Good question... Let's see where you take me.'
"Red, of course." He said, narrowing his eyes under his mask.
"Impossible!" Newton exclaimed. "In my work as a scholar, I've accessed the records of more than 10,000 talented young people who have awakened their powers throughout the kingdom. But when I checked their progress, none of them could even come close to what you've done.
Cesar, what happened to you wasn't initiated by you, but many talented magicians try to absorb pentagrams better than they should in order to achieve something fantastic. That happens every year, even though we scholars have long explained the risks of doing so.
Of the 10,000 cases I studied, 100 young people tried to do what you were forced to try. One of them had a Cyan talent. But even he failed.
So either you have a first pentagram orange or a phenomenal talent, probably above Cyan. Those are the only possibilities, or your body couldn't take it."
"Why?" Vicente asked, playing dumb. "Maybe there's another explanation."
"Either your body has been changed by some natural essence that has left a trace on you, like a pentagram, or your talent is so high that you can control the yellow pentagram perfectly without letting it harm you," Newton said.
"There may even be an additional explanation, but it's related to what I said. So, there must be something that explains it. Then, what is the level of your talent?"



Chapter 242 Solution to the Problem
"Yellow," Viente responded.
Meanwhie, his men looked at Newton and saw him make a thoughtful expression and look at their leader.
"And what is your magical form? Are you going to tell me it's ordinary, too?" Newton asked before making conclusions about Viente's situation.
"No. It's unusual. I'd say one of the most unusual you can imagie." Viente answered the first thing Newton had expected him to say.
But even though he knew that Vie's magical form was unusual, that alone wasn't enough to justify the fact that Viente had been able to absorb a yellow pentagram.
'Is it an auxiliary characteristic of his magical form?' Newton pondered. 'No. It can't be. In Professor Reid's words, Cesar's magical form has nothing to do with physical characteristics.
It might even be possible that one day Cesar will be able to change his physical characteristics depending on his luck with pentagrams. Still, at the moment, that shouldn't be possible.
Newton had heard all the accounts of the teachers who had arried at Ironcrest hours before Viente and his men. He knew how Vie's powers worked, and earlier, he had only asked the young man to show his pentagram to verify the truth of the teachers' words.
Now that he knew they hadn't made anything up, Newton felt he could trust their words and knew that Cesar shouldn't be able to change his physical features with his special powers.
Having come to this conclusion, he was faced with a problem.
"I don't believe." He said, referring to Viente's talent. "If everything about you, except for that yellow pentagram, is 'ordinary,' how are you alie?
To do this without anything else special, you'd have to have two or three bodies insie you to withstand the physical and mental demands of a pentagram of such a level.
You'd have to have at least twie the mana of an ordinary level 1 Acolyte. But that's impossible. Even if more talented magicians have denser and more voluminous mana than those of the same level, someone with your characteristics shouldn't be lie that."
Viente's eyes sparkled under his mask when those sweet words came out of Newton's mouth.
He said, trying to contain his exciement. "Two or three bodies? That sounds strange, Professor Newton. It would be easier to consier that I have two or three Magic Gems."
Hearing it, Viente's three men laughed along with their boss, knowing how impossible these words were, which indicated that their boss was making fun of this genius' words.
Newton looked at Viente strangely, but he didn't suspect anything. It really was impossible, and after a moment's thought, he couldn't help but laugh as well.
"Yeah, I guess I let my thoughts go further than they should have." He sighed, seeing such a difficult case for the first tie. 'Maybe I still have a lot to learn. I'm only a Mage, after all.' He clenched his fists. 'I must become a Sovereign as soon as possible!'
Whie Newton was thinking, Viente asked a question. "But Professor, your hypothesis is fascinating, even if it's difficult to explain or to realie. But if that were the case, wouldn't the magic base of someone lie that be unstable? After all, if someone lie that had the characteristics of two or three people, wouldn't they need double or triple the number of pentagrams to stay stable?"
Newton put his thoughts asie and looked at Cesar, seeing that this young man was also interested in absurd hypotheses, a good trait in scholars.
He thought for a moment and answered with the best he could think of. "I don't think so."
"No?" Viente wondered.
"If it were possible for a body to have double or triple the normal characteristics of a magician at their level, as in the case of having two Magic Gems, then someone lie that would have two pentagrams instead of one. Or rather, their first pentagram would be twie as strong as the others.
So, in that case, even if you had characteristics beyond normal that would make your magical base unstable, it wouldn't happen because you would have more essences than normal.
Viente narrowed his eyes. "I don't understand."
"Sigh... Consier the case of a person with two Magic Gems. They would have two pentagrams in the 1st stage, right?" Newton used this impossible example to help Cesar understand his words.
"Yes."
"So when they reached the 2nd stage, they would have the same two pentagrams before they tried to hunt down more of those essences. But two pentagrams are enough to keep the magical foundation stable even for someone who is up to ten ties stronger than a level 1 Acolyte, equivalent to the mana power of a mid-level Mage.
That means that even if they had double or triple the characteristics of an ordinary person, they could not absorb their third pentagram until they were 3.3 to 5 ties stronger than a level 1 Acolyte, ie., a level 5 Acolyte.
In other words, this person could go up to level 5 without absorbing the third pentagram of one of their Magic Gems!' Newton said this with a twinkle in his eye, imagining a magician with these characteristics.
"In other words, even if this magician didn't absorb double or triple pentagrams as you thought, they would still have a stable magical foundation.
If they only focused on completing the pentagrams of one of the Magic Gems, they shouldn't have any problems with instability."
Vie secretly clenched his fists in exciement at hearing all this from a genius lie Newton!
"Really?" He asked, still using his mana to distort his voie.
"That should be the case, according to what magic theory teaches us." Newton sighed. "But there are no guarantees. It could change if someone lie this gets stronger. Besies, I could be wrong since there are no cases lie this descried in the lierature.
 I was just guessing what the situation would be lie for such a person based on what happens to ordinary magicians."
"I see..." Viente wasn't unhappy about it.
If Newton's theory were correct, then he wouldn't have to worry about his second gem in the short term.
'I won't go hunting for pentagrams in the short term. I'll wait until I reach the 4th stage before I reconsier the situation.' Viente made up his mind, confient in following Newton's words in the short term.
Newton knew much more than he did and was a genius who was respected even by the royal family, a high-level power who influenced even the Sovereigns.
With that, Vie felt a weight lifted from his shoulders, one less worry for the short term.
Newton looked at him again and said. "As for your case, Cesar, you should..."



Chapter 243 Important Agreement
"In your case, Cesar, you should be worried about your situation," Newton said, making Vicente's three soldiers look at him with concern.
"I don't want to scare you, but since it's impossible for you to have a third pentagram in your body generated by a second Magic Gem, we must consider that you need an extra essence to maintain your foundation." Newton speculated. "Perhaps you have something else within you that maintains the stability of your magical foundation. But since we don't know that for sure, we have to assume you don't have anything like that."
"So what am I supposed to do, Professor?" Vicente asked curiously, but not as worried as the white-haired man thought he was.
"Since you absorbed a yellow pentagram instead of the second space for it, I advise you to make an effort to absorb a green pentagram when you become a Mage." He said while Vicente's men looked at their boss, fearing what this might mean for their leader.
What was wrong with absorbing a green pentagram upon reaching the 3rd stage? There were many problems!
First, the difference between an orange pentagram and a yellow pentagram was much smaller than the difference between a yellow pentagram and a green pentagram.
Second, while 3rd and 4th-stage beings could form yellow pentagrams, green essences could be formed by 4th and 5th-stage beings.
How would their leader deal with Sovereigns or Paragons if he would be only a Mage?
Vicente was powerful and could fight those of a higher level than himself. But the higher one was the greater the differences. In other words, his chances of defeating stronger opponents would decrease the stronger he became!
That was a big problem!
'Damn it, do we have to rely on naturally formed pentagrams?' One of the three level 1 Acolytes thought to himself, sensing how problematic this would be.
'I hope the boss can keep upgrading our weapons. Maybe then we'll have a chance to help him.' Another one of them pondered, aware that this wasn't just about Vice getting stronger. Not only was it a problem for him to get stronger, but it was also something that could determine his life and death.
If he couldn't fulfill such a requirement, his mana could become unstable and lead to his own demise!
"I see..." Vicente replied to Newton's words in a pessimistic tone, trying to hide the truth of his situation.
Newton shook his head regretfully. "Unfortunately, that's the case. But let's not get too discouraged. Maybe there's something in you that can explain your situation, Cesar. So you shouldn't worry for now."
"Yes, I've just absorbed my second pentagram, so I should be fine until I reach the 3rd stage..."
"Yes, it's not a short journey. Take your time now to realize your goals and live your life. When the time comes, we'll deal with this problem."
"Will we?" One of Vicente's men opened his mouth.
Newton answered. "If Cesar doesn't mind, I'd like to follow his progress. It is, of course, in my scientific interest.
In exchange for regular meetings to analyze you and discuss your progress, I will focus part of my time on trying to find answers for you, including gathering information on compatible pentagrams.
That's all I can do."
Newton wanted to see how far someone like Cesar would go to develop theories and even new tools.
To do this, he wanted to not only accompany Vicente on his journey but also help him find essences that were compatible with him.
That could make Vicente stronger, but that was all Newton wanted!
'The further you go, the better the data I collect.' Newton thought, not caring how it might affect the kingdom or even his superiors.
He was committed only to the pursuit of knowledge. He didn't care about the chaos his actions might cause, even for his supporters!
He added. "Of course, I guarantee you the secrecy of your information. I'll keep it secret as long as you decide to."
Vicente looked at Newton and understood this person.
He had seen scientists and professionals on Earth who were willing to accompany people like him into special situations for free just to collect data and use it to their advantage.
Newton didn't offer to help him for Vice's benefit. Vicente knew that. He was doing it for himself, for his own selfish reasons.
But was that a problem for him?
No! People were selfish by nature!
Vicente would rather deal with someone like Newton than with a hypocrite who pretended to help him while hiding his real interests.
Vicente knew he would gain a lot if he made a deal with Newton.
'Newton will be someone great, that's for sure. As someone able to learn everything, he'll increase the number of professions he masters and develop a lot in his magic.' Vicente stared at the white-haired man in silence.
 With the kingdom's support, he has practically no chance of dying prematurely. Besides, he should have great resources at his disposal.
'He'll definitely grow a lot and could really help me find better pentagrams for myself... Even though I'm not worried about my situation right now, there are no guarantees for the future.
His help could even save my life and allow me to take revenge.'
Vicente responded to Newton's suggestion. "All right. But how would we do that? I can't be with you all the time. I have my own business and problems."
"How about we meet twice a year? Once I come to you, and once you come to me." Newton replied. "That should be enough for me to follow your growth and understand your characteristics well enough for you to reach the 3rd stage."
"Okay. Twice a year will work for me."
With that, the two shook hands, a tradition this place had in common with Earth.
Vicente's three soldiers rejoiced at yet another positive agreement for their leader, imagining that it could take him further in the future and even improve his chances of concluding the ridiculous deal made earlier.
"If you can't fulfill the agreement you made earlier, I'll see how I can help you... For now, just do what you have to do. We'll meet in Millfall in a few months. Is that good enough for you?" Newton asked after signing the agreement between him and Vicente.
Vicente agreed. "Thank you for your understanding, Professor Newton. I hope I can pick up some tips from the senior in the future."
"Hmmm, how long do you plan to stay in Ironcrest?" Newton asked.
"A day or two. I have some business to take care of, and then I'll head back to Millfall."
"Is that so? Then I'll be out of your way. But I hope to test you for real in six to seven months. Today's meeting was only an introduction. The next time we see each other, we'll be doing serious things. So prepare at least a week for our meeting in a few months."
"I will do that," Vicente spoke before saying goodbye to Newton.



Chapter 244 Trouble Approaching
While Vicente went to Ironcrest to boost the strength of his less talented men, as well as himself and Rory, the men of Rexnelts Academy were not the only ones to learn of his presence in the city that day!
At the local Awakening Temple, the members of this Congregation of Revelations post were already preparing the place for the next Awakenings.
It was night now, but at dawn, more young people would arrive with their families and friends for another day of awakening, so everything had to be ready.
But while the weakest and lowest-ranking people in the temple were busy cleaning and organizing the place, on the top level of the temple, the local organization's leaders were talking about the topic of the moment.
"Senior, it seems that the first magician to receive a yellow pentagram while only at the 2nd stage was at Rexnelts Academy a few hours ago." A man dressed in the uniform commonly seen on members of this force around temples like this all over the kingdom said to the strongest of the three men in the room he had just entered.
"Oh? What happened? Do we have confirmation that the teacher's words were true?" One of the three Mages asked.
Earlier, they had heard from an informant that a magician had absorbed a yellow pentagram while only at level 1 of the 2nd stage.
No one there had believed such a man, even though they had issued a warning about the Rexnelts Academy.
The level 5 Acolyte, standing near these men, seated on various couches around a small table, said. "Yes, we believe the words of that Rexnelts Academy teacher to be true.
Earlier, a group of four people had been escorted by soldiers to the head of the academy, where envoys from the kingdom's magic college were present.
The envoys from the magic college then left the academy building with satisfied expressions, and the group of four masked people spent some time talking to Professor Newton behind closed doors.
That leads us to believe that the professor's words are true."
The leader of this temple was interested, even though he wasn't sure what his man had concluded.
His network of informants was outstanding. But there was no way they could know what Newton, the envoys from the magic college, and Director Scott had said to those four men.
The best they could do was to analyze the information from their informants and draw their own conclusions.
The leader of this group then said. "All right, there's a good chance that one of these four has indeed absorbed the yellow pentagram."
"What should we do then?" The third Mage there, a man dressed all in white, asked.
The leader, a man with black hair and a large mustache, looked at the man in white and said. "Killian, go to Rexnelts Academy and meet old Scott. See what you can find out from him."
"Okay."
"What about me?" A blond man, dressed in armor even though he was in his headquarters, asked with a smile, already imagining what his old friend would say.
"Keep an eye on these four. Depending on what Killian finds out, I want you to go to Millfall and investigate his life." Levi Logan said, narrowing his eyes as he held a drink cup in one hand.
"If we can't find out anything useful from Scott, we'll find out everything there is to know about him in Millfall.
If he doesn't want to join us for good, then it will be in the hard way."
"I'll do my best." The blond man stood up and soon left to look for Vice and his men.
Meanwhile, Levi sat alone in his office and thought about what to do with Cesar.
'You must become valuable to us. I hope you're smart and don't need to be 'encouraged,' Cesar.' He thought in silence, sipping his drink, amazed at the possibility of getting someone like Vice.
...
Hours later, the night passed, and the busy streets of Ironcrest were deserted in the early hours of a new day.
The sky was still dark, and the morning chill was present, keeping the few on the streets well-dressed as they gathered in small groups near the whale oil lamps on some of the poles or even small fires here and there.
Only a small fraction of the local workforce roamed the central streets of Ironcrest, dealing with the arrival and departure of resources through the local port.
As one might imagine, in a world where the roads were as dangerous as they were there, the most common means of transportation for large families or organizations was by ship.
A coastal city like this had a lot of traffic in its harbor at all times of the day.
The movement of the ports created a movement of workers around the city, although not enough to cause disturbances at the beginning of the day when most of the citizens were at home sleeping.
In addition to these workers, most people in the streets were soldiers on guard duty, doing surveillance work, the main job of people in such a position.
But in the midst of all this, three people on horseback arrived in the city, one man and two women, all wearing hoods with the symbol of the Congregation of Revelation.
 "He's here." A light pink-haired woman, level 5, commented in a low voice to her companions. "I can see his mana mark is still in the city. He definitely hasn't left Ironcrest yet."
"This is good. We can finally go after him." The only man there clenched his fists before adding. "But we have to be careful. He'll probably leave Ironcrest soon. We'd better watch him and see what he does. If he leaves the city, we'd better attack him afterward."
"Yes, dealing with someone here in Ironcrest will be more dangerous. There are many powerful Mages here who could interfere with our actions." Jasmine's friend said, agreeing with Mark.
Mark looked at her with a strange smile and nodded his head. 'It will be easier for me to get rid of you that way!'
Since her two companions agreed on that, Jasmine didn't try to contradict them. "Very well. Let's find out where he is and start watching the bastard. We'll do what you want as soon as we know what he's up to."
They walked until they reached the center of Ironcrest, where the inn where Vice and his men were staying was located.



Chapter 245 Shopping in Ironcrest
Early in the morning, Viente awoke with a smie, waking up after a comfortable night's sleep for the first tie in days.
Since his party's passage through the village where Rory had made his breakthrough, Viente had not had a single day to sleep peacefully in a comfortable bed with a roof over his head.
But after taking care of his busiess at the Rexnetls Academy the previous afternoon and then doing some local busiess, he had finally rested better and slept lie he hadn't for days.
The previous evening, he had managed to do some local busiess, spending more than 500 gold coins on useful resources for his men.
In just one night, he had spent more than his party had spent in their entie tie in Millfall!
But even after spending the equivalent of 500,000 bronze coins, Viente had only managed to purchase 20 useful iems for his Acolytes.
Pills, potions, and magical artifacts in general that were useful to Acolytes, ie., 2nd-grade iems, were much more expensie than those for Apprenties.
Since he had been concentrating on getting things for his less talented but higher-ranking men in his group, Viente had only bought 2nd-grade iems the night before, which was why he had spent so much for so little.
However, since he arried in Ironcrest with over 7,000 gold coins, the previous night's spending was far from bankrupting him!
When he woke up this morning, fully recovered from his hunting days, he was ready to spend another 2,000 coins today!
Now that he had made a deal with Newton, Viente's plan in this city was simple. It was to get as many iems as he could to take back to his people in Millfall without attracting unnecessary attention.
Could he do that by spending so many coins in such a short tie?
In Millfall, that would be impossible, gien the small number of shops capable of selling what he had in mind. But Ironcrest was different!
As the second-largest city in the province, one of the largest producers of metal iems in the kingdom, and home to more than 50 Mages, Ironcrest had plenty of options.
Knowing it, Viente didn't even bother to eat breakfast when he got dressed, and soon, he was walking with his men to a local engieering shop.
...
"Boss, aren't we going to attract attention with the amount of shopping we're doing?" One of the masked men walking alongsie Vie along the central siewalks of Ironcrest asked his leader in a low voie.
Viente replied. "No. I mean, there are no guarantees, but the chances of anyone noticing our movements are not great. The local powers won't know anything unless someone is chasing us."
"Is that so?"
"Yeah. The deals we've made and are about to make are secret. As much as we can't hie them from someone chasing us, we can keep any news of these busiesses from reaching the ears of important people locally," Viente said. "If we buy small quantities in different stores, even the vendors won't pay attention to us."
He wasn't wrong. There were hundreds of Acolytes in Ironcrest, and purchases of hundreds of gold coins went through the city's stores every day.
Unless he did all his shopping in one store, Vie wouldn't really attract the attention of the local powers with his purchases.
Since there were several options for each of the most popular professions in the city, he was confient that he wouldn't attract any trouble because of his purchases today.
"Besies, we will leave the next morning. So even if someone noties something, we'll be long gone before any trouble catches up with us."
"But what if someone is following us? Maybe the academy staff is watching us, boss." Another man pointed out the possibility.
"Then we can't do anything." Viente sighed. "Anyone watching us knows we're not exactly ordinary people. A few purchases shouldn't be enough to shock high-level powers that even have Mages on their sie."
For Viente, if someone were going after his group locally, they would have to be connected to the most relevant forces in Ironcrest.
But powers at that level wouldn't find it strange for someone lie him to spend that many coins. Mages could spend thousands of gold coins in the blink of an eye!
"But everything we do has implicit risks. Let's not stop ourselves from growing just because we're not 100% sure of something." He said, not noticing anyone nearby watching his people.
If someone was chasing them right now, these people were so much stronger than him that he didn't think it was worth worrying about.
Continuing with his plans was what he could do!
With that in mind, they entered the first engieering shop they passed in Ironcrest.
Entering such a shop, which had several display cases and iems with gears decorating the sies of the shop, Vie and his men soon encountered one of the shop's employees.
"Welcome to The Cheating Ring. How can I help you this morning, dear customers?" A well-dressed young man, with various metallic objects on his clothes and a strange kind of skate on his feet, stopped in front of Viente's group.
Viente continued to look at the many magical devies there and said. "I'm looking for..." He quickly summed up everything he wanted in this shop.
 Engieers were professionals who could create complex iems. These iems could be anything from a safe to a clock or even a flying boat. Between the simplest and the most complex, there were a multitude of possibilities, things that could be useful for everyday lie, training, meditation, security, or even battles.
Viente planned to buy some artifacts from this store for his two properties in Millfall to increase the level of their security and also to improve the quality of his men's training.
After stopping by the shop, he planned to go to the estate of a local enchanter, where he intended to hie the servies of a 2nd stage enchanter to add extra features to these engieered devies.
With the combination of these two professions, he could get training dummies, mana attractors, and vaults capable of storing and protecting medicies, pills, potions, etc.
Besies forging and alchemy, these were the two most important areas for magicians.
The iems produced by the combination of these two professions were the ones that could most help people lie Viente to protect themselves, increase their quality of lie, their quality of training, and their influence in this society!
Therefore, between The Cheating Ring and the enchanter's estate he would go to right after leaving the engieer's shop, he would spend his entie morning on this, and almost half of what he had planned to spend today!



Chapter 246 Tie to Leave Ironcrest
After spending the entie morning between the engieer's shop and the estate of a local enchanter, Viente and his three companions continued their shopping in the afternoon.
With over a thousand gold coins spent that morning, the group purchased new spatial rings for their men, training iems to meet the Mazzanti family's current needs and various defensie iems for Vie's properties.
All of these iems were already properly stored in the 5 spatial rings Viente had purchased in Ironcrest. As such, they didn't have any bulky luggage that might attract unnecessary attention from prying eyes as they continued their afternoon shopping spree.
When the group entered a blacksmith's shop shortly after lunch, they returned to their shopping, showing no signs of what they had been doing since the previous evening.
Viente purchased some artifacts, armor, shields, and weapons for his 2nd-stage men at the blacksmith's shop they had passed earlier in the afternoon.
Why would a blacksmith lie him do that? Simply because he was a 1st stage blacksmith, and it would be a whie before he would be able to produce that kind of artifact for his men.
As good as his weapons were for Acolytes, he needed armed men who could act on behalf of the Fuller family, ie., those who accompanied Nina or him in public.
These people could not be seen with the Mazzanti family's guns!
Hence, Viente had bought weapons for some of his men. But he had concentrated his purchases on defensie iems. These things would be useful even for the people who only acted as members of the Mazzanti family.
iems made by blacksmiths were among the most expensie in the world because of their durability and importance in combat or self-defense. In a single hour, Vie's party dropped off several hundred more gold coins at another local shop.
...
Towards the end of the afternoon, Viente had just left an alchemy shop, where this tie, he had bought a lot of resources for 1st stage magicians, the stage of most of his men in Millfall.
To maintain his expansion in Millfall, Viente needed quantity more than quality.
Instead of focusing on creating high-level Acolytes, he was interested in increasing the strength of his 2nd-stage and 1st-stage men at the same tie, thus increasing the power of the group with their growing numbers.
He purchased more than 40 resources, pills, and potions for his 1st-stage men, enough to increase the power of his people with relatie ease.
With that done, the group headed to the last shop in the city where Vie would be looking for iems for himself and Rory!
Arriving at a small house with a strong medicinal smell, one of Vie's men asked. "Boss, how are we going to deal with the Scarlet Syndicate? They'll surely notie our improvements if our men absorb these resources."
"We won't do anything for a whie. But they won't notie." Viente smied under his mask. "We will use those resources on some of our men who will stay hidden or go out to hunt pentagrams and 'die.' Just part of us will become stronger in public so that people outsie our family will notie."
"Where will these people go?"
"Some will strengthen the merchant groups in my society, whie others will go to Martell Village," Vie replied.
"But won't that take away our strength to complete our expansions in Millfall?"
"Not necessarily. On the one hand, if some of our strongest men distance themselves from us, it will free up our weakest men in the village and with these merchants. With them, we'll be able to suppress the demand for men to make our expansions."
Hearing it, the smartest of the three soldiers realied Viente's move. "So that's it! The boss and the deputy will guarantee our actions with their deterrent power. At the same tie, the weaker but more numerous men will occupy the positions we lack."
"That's right." Vie nodded at the man.
With his weapons, he doesn't need many Acolytes or high-ranking Acolytes. Right now, a larger number of Senior Apprenties was what could help him achieve his goals!
The other two men were encouraged when they realied they could quickly gain an additional 40 men with the shift changes Vie planned for these resources.
As they looked forward to returning to Millfall and watching the rie of the Mazzanti family, Viente encountered another guard and quickly asked for iems that would be useful to him and Rory.
Consiering what he had learned at the Academy of Stars, he and Rory had an extremely solid foundation and could absorb magical resources without much risk now.
Acolytes could absorb up to two pills a year without damaging their foundation or their future, something everyone knew, gien the thousands of years of magical research by scholars similar to Newton.
Thinking ahead to next year and how difficult it would be for him to justify buying some resources in Millfall before he dealt with the Scarlet Syndicate, Viente wanted to buy the four useful iems to help him and Rory progress more quickly.
"Hello, I'd lie to..." He quickly indicated the resources he needed, ones with a strong affinity to the elements of Fie, Wind, Earth, and Lightning.
Consiering the small number of iems he was looking for and the low purity he and Rory needed these iems to have, Vie got the four pills from this shop without much trouble, paying 230 gold coins for them.
After receiving his resources, Viente left the alchemy shop with a smie, completing his objecties there.
'Now I'll absorb one of these pills, and we'll leave the city in the morning!' He smied contentedly from under his mask, satisfied with his journey in Ironcrest.
When he returned to the inn where he had stayed with his men, Viente had no iea of the groups watching him!
 "It looks lie they've done their shopping locally and are leaving... What should I do?" A blond man asked whie holding a devie and standing on a roof more than 200 meters away from Vie and his men.
Then, a male voie came from the devie in the Mage's hand. "Do your investigation at Millfall. Killian didn't get anything out of the damned Scott. It seems Professor Newton made some kind of deal with Cesar."
"Oh? That's strange."
"I know. So go to Millfall. I don't want to take any chances with that brat before we know compromising things of him."
"All right. I'll talk to you in a few weeks." The blond man turned off his communicator, didn't stay where he was for long, and then disappeared.
Meanwhie, another group continued to monitor Viente's movements on the ground!



Chapter 247 Leaving Ironcrest
"Those bastards haven't tried to sell a single jewel since they arrived in Ironcrest..." Mark commented to his companions as he sat in an inn room with the two women from the Congregation of Revelations.
In the middle of the room, the pink-haired woman watched Vicente's movements in real-time, reporting back to her companions what their target had done until now. She had seen everything he had done so far, not listening to Vice's conversations but seeing that he had made a lot of purchases.
Based on her comments from time to time, the two in the room with her knew Vicente had never tried to sell the Irwin family jewels.
That was good because they could still get what they wanted on this trip. But it was also bad because Vicente had spent the coins he had stolen, something tough to trace and which could be very useful to those people who were interested in stealing him.
"That man... What is he trying to do?" The other woman commented to Mark, already aware of Cesar's identity, which could put him in a bad position very quickly if it came to the attention of the noble families in Millfall!
"The sums they got for stealing the Irwin estate seem much higher than I thought." Jasmine finally got up from her position, having stopped using her ability after hours of following Vicente from a distance.
"What are you doing?" Mark asked when he saw her leave her position.
Jasmine explained. "Cesar just started absorbing the essence of a pill. He'll be meditating for the next few hours. His group will probably make a decision at dawn."
"Oh?"
"Very well. I'll watch them in the meantime. Get some rest, Jasmine." The other woman commented to her friend and went to the observation position of the enemy group.
Standing alone with Jasmine, Mark asked her. "What should we do? If Cesar is taking a pill, this might be the best time for us to act."
Jasmine reached for a bottle of water as her eyes narrowed. "No. Someone powerful is watching him. If we act, we risk forcing that person to move. But I don't know if that would be good for us."
"Is someone else watching him? Why? I thought Cesar was a stranger outside of Millfall." Mark frowned in surprise.
They didn't know what Vice had done in the Alpine Woodpecker Forest!
"I thought so, too," Jasmine said. "But my skills are second to none. Until a few moments ago, someone much stronger than me was watching him. So we'd better wait until dawn. I don't think he'll be in Ironcrest much longer, or he'll draw the attention of the locals to his level of purchase power."
"Do you think he'll leave tomorrow?"
"I can't say for sure. But he won't stay here for more than two days. Besides, after absorbing that pill, he'll need about 6 months of meditation to absorb another artificial resource without jeopardizing his progress. So he won't get any stronger before he leaves Ironcrest." She analyzed the situation coldly, considering what her organization knew about resource absorption by low-level magicians.
The higher a magician's level, the more mana they would have in their body. But this means that, in order to get stronger quickly, the level of mana needed would be higher. Consequently, there would be higher levels of impurities in the resources they would need to absorb.
What did that mean in practice? The number of resources one could safely absorb per year would decrease as one progressed through the magical levels.
Only with time could one deal with the impurities in their bodies and eventually progress safely.
An Apprentice could consume more resources in less time than an Acolyte, while an Acolyte could do so more often and in less time than a Mage. That was true even at the highest levels of magic.
Of course, this considered that one would try not to damage one's magical base. But if you didn't care about that, you could advance faster. Evidently, this would have problematic consequences for such a magician's future.
Considering Cesar's enormous talent, Jasmine was sure he wouldn't try anything crazy, so he couldn't advance much after taking that pill.
"Perfect. Let's take action against them when they leave Ironcrest!" Mark let Jasmine go to rest right after he said that.
...
At dawn, Vicente had finished resting from the training he had just done after absorbing the 2nd-grade pill he had bought for himself the day before.
When Vicente came out of his room in the morning and saw his men, they were immediately surprised to see their boss at a new level!
"Boss, you reached level 2? That easy?" One of the three asked, not having felt Vicente's advancement because of one of the items they had bought the day before, which Vicente had used to disguise his advancement that night.
Even though two of the three had stood guard outside Vice's quarters while the other rested, none of them had noticed their Don's advance!
Vicente had reached 29% of progression at level 2 that evening and was very pleased, looking forward to studying his forge in Millfall and returning to Benson's house for new tips.
He smiled at the congratulations from his men but then changed the subject. "Don't think too much about it. Now it's time to get back. With everything done here, there's nothing left to hold us back in Ironcrest."
"Hehe, that's what I wanted to hear!"
"Sigh... Time to hit the road again. But I'm looking forward to seeing how the rest of the group is doing in Millfall."
"Yes. The family will be shocked to see how the boss is doing."
Vice ignored his men's comments, and they soon left the inn where they had spent the last two nights and headed to where their carriage was waiting.
 As they entered their carriage and began to head for one of the city's exits, Mark and Jasmine's companion soon noticed their movement.
"They're heading out of the city. Let's move!" She warned them, rousing Mark from his rest, while Jasmine plastered a beautiful smile on her face, sensing that it was time for some action.
"Get ready. Your group certainly has those pesky weapons to counterattack with. Cesar is very dangerous. We have to be very careful with him. In The Rocky Gorge incident, he was able to escape from a 3rd stage beast and many peak 2nd stage beasts and humans. Don't think he won't be able to do the same to us."
"Okay!" They both said at the same time, aware of how slippery Cesar could be but much more confident in their formation than the Millfall incompetents who had fallen in front of him.
So they would move quickly behind Vicente's group. As soon as they left Ironcrest, they would make it clear to all four Mazzanti family travelers that they were in trouble!



Chapter 248 Battle of the Thieves
Three minutes after leaving the last street of Ironcrest and heading towards the mountains of the area, the only way out of the city besides the sea, Vicente realized something was wrong.
When he and his men could no longer see the city from where they were, given the trees and terrain in the area, he realized they were not alone.
Sensing three mana oscillations near where his group was traveling on an ordinary dirt road, Vicente frowned under his mask and shouted.
"Stop!"
Immediately, the men in front of the carriage controlling the horses stopped the vehicle, startled because they hadn't noticed anything to justify their leader's order.
"Boss..."
As one of them turned to ask what the problem was, three people appeared around their carriage, already activating their skills and spells!
"Shit!" One of the other two men at the front of the carriage saw the movement of these people, also wearing masks, and shivered as he moved a hand to the revolver at his waist.
Vicente clenched his fists at the sight of the enemies taking action. He didn't hesitate to activate his powers as well, seeing he had somehow made a mistake by not noticing that group before.
'Who are these people? Have they been waiting for me here?' Vice wondered as he appeared in front of his carriage, already breaking into a cold sweat.
As strong as he was, he had been taken by surprise, and all the enemies attacking in his direction were level 5 Acolytes!
From what he could sense from the mana in their bodies, their talents were not normal!
Not only that, these enemies clearly knew him, as none had any metallic items on their bodies, something rare for magicians in this world.
They were there on purpose, ready to deal with him!
As he realized it, Vicente saw the initial attack of the enemies forming against him.
One of the two masked women, a pink-haired woman, didn't have any extreme power when it came to fighting. But while her two companions were attacking Vicente with 'normal' warrior powers, she took her time to deal a mental blow to Vicente.
As a red and orange pentagram appeared, a glowing crystal appeared in front of her, shining brighter and brighter as it seemed to concentrate all its power to bring down Vicente in one blow.
On the other hand, the man who was the companion of these two women cast a spell in Vicente's direction, something based on the wind element, which had already created a powerful vortex over his target's body.
As for the last woman, she was circling the area at high speed, her extraordinary power, waiting for the moment to strike the target of her group.
Their plan was simple. While Mark would "hold" Vicente's body, Jasmine would strike him with a powerful mental blow before her last companion delivered the final physical blow to their target.
Mentally and physically wounded, Cesar would meet his end on his way out of Ironcrest!
But not everything went as planned!
As the three acted, they saw Vicente hovering over his carriage with two pentagrams appearing around him.
The first was normal, red. But the second was extraordinary: yellow, a color only seen in such essences in Mages or more powerful magicians!
"What?" The woman running around opened her mouth in shock at the sight, not believing what her eyes were telling her.
It could even happen that a Mage couldn't absorb a yellow pentagram after their breakthrough and were left with a weaker set of pentagrams, with the third space having an orange-level essence.
But achieving something better was unimaginable for almost any magician on the continent!
Seeing that, even the confident Mark hesitated a bit, feeling uncomfortable in front of an existence as strange as Cesar's.
"Damn it! How is this possible?" He felt sweat forming on his body, but he held his position as the cyclone around Vicente grew stronger and stronger, to the point where even small stones lying on the ground began to float upwards.
Jasmine gritted her teeth at the sight of Cesar's pentagrams, shocked but determined to eliminate him and steal the items stolen from the Irwin family.
"Cesar Mazzanti, hand over what you stole from the Irwin family, or we'll kill you!" She screamed from under her mask.
"You're going to kill me? Don't think amateurs like you are going to beat me here!" He said as he manipulated the electromagnetic field lines in the area and the metals nearby.
After reaching level 2, his abilities had become more powerful, and he could now easily control 40% more metal objects in his vicinity.
As invisible electromagnetic barriers formed around him and his men, several metal objects on the ground nearby suddenly appeared as the ground shook.
The woman running through the area almost stumbled over the shaking caused by Vicente's ability. At the same time, Jasmine and Mark felt the instability of the ground they were standing on.
 "Die!" Unwilling to wait any longer, Jasmine fired her mental attack, causing a semi-transparent red laser to burst from the crystal in front of her body.
As this shot traveled at high speed toward Vice's body, several extremely sharp blades suddenly appeared from the ground around the area where Mark and Jasmine were standing.
Even under the attack of the two, Vicente skillfully manipulated the metals in the ground nearby, causing more than 30 blades to emerge from different points in the ground, heading towards the vital points of the two.
"Fuck!" Mark felt a shiver run down his spine as these many blades aimed at his legs and abdomen came at him so fast that he couldn't dodge them.
'I have to let him go!' He stopped focusing on the spell around Cesar and the three men trying to move in the carriage, aware that he could die right there if he didn't defend himself!
Jasmine felt the same. She turned extremely pale as she felt those many blades coming closer and closer to her after using more than 50% of her powers in the shot against Cesar.
"Aaaaaaagh!"
At that moment, while Vicente suffered from Jasmine's mental attack, Mark and she felt Cesar's fantastic power.
Even though they used their power to strengthen their bodies and create layers of resistance over their main vital points, they couldn't cover every point of their bodies in time.
Cesar's blades were very fast, and since they were numerous, at least 5 blades penetrated each of those two bodies!
While the third of the group of thieves who were there for Vice's items was frightened and did not know what to do, his electromagnetic barrier could not protect him from Jasmine's attack!



Chapter 249 Double Mental Strength
Seeing the transparent red light pass through his electromagnetic barrier, Vicente learned how useless his powers would be against some possibilities in the magical world.
Jasmine's attack was basically focused on mental power, something without an electromagnetic nature that could ignore Vice's powers!
Being hit by it, Vice felt as if he had been transported to another space, losing touch with reality as he found himself in a bright red place.
However, as he felt himself in that different world, the two gems on his forehead seemed to heat up a few degrees, making him feel like he was burning up.
No one around could see what was happening, but at that moment, a blue glow emerged from one of Vicente's gems, while the red place he saw himself in changed and became dark.
In the real world, Vicente's men saw their boss get hit and immediately moved as if to kneel down, probably wounded. But before they could think of helping him, they took advantage of the fact that they were finally not restricted by one of the enemy's spells to grab their weapons and fire at the approaching enemy.
"Fire!" One of them shouted as he squeezed the trigger in the direction of the moving dark blur he sensed was approaching them, probably to deal with Vicente.
Bang!
Bang! Bang!
The three of them fired toward the woman, ignoring the two agonized enemies, who were suffering from the blades exploding in their bodies.
"Shit! These weapons are really boring!" The level 5 woman running back and forth shouted, hating those three for making it difficult for her to hit Cesar.
But she was faster than their eyes. Even if the bullets from their guns were faster than her, they would have to aim well to hit her!
Unable to keep up with that woman, Vicente's men unloaded half of their ammunition without hitting the target with a single shot as the woman finally approached Vice.
Just as Vicente was about to fall to his knees on the ground, he suddenly opened his eyes and felt all the darkness in his consciousness crush Jasmine's mental blow.
Seeing his situation, he didn't hesitate to roll forward, dodging at the last second the woman who was about to deliver a fatal blow to his back.
Swooish!
"Shit!"
"Die!" Vicente fell backward to the ground, looking up at the woman who had missed her attack and fallen momentarily under his opponent's control.
Seeing the woman so close, Vicente used a spell based on the earth element to pin her to the ground, trying to crush the bones in her feet as he formed a spear in front of her.
Swooish!
Firing it with the help of the field lines to give his newly formed weapon speed, Vicente saw the woman tremble as she looked at him.
She was out of his sight in the next second, but she hadn't moved fast enough.
She ran a few dozen meters, tasted blood in her mouth, and when she moved her hands, she felt Vicente's weapon pierce her abdomen.
"Aaaaaagh!"
Another scream of agony erupted in that area, ruined by the spells and skills of those involved in this thieves' conflict, as Jasmine glared hatefully in Cesar's direction.
"Fuck you! How did you get this?" She asked him as she tried to stop the bleeding all over her body.
Vicente gave her an ugly look, aware he had just missed her.
'Psychic attacks are really terrible.' He clenched his fists, remembering that the moment he had been attacked, he had lost control of his body and become vulnerable to attack. Not only that, his mind had almost been destroyed by Jasmine's attack, which had tried to enter his mind and destroy his mental structures.
If she had succeeded, even if it hadn't killed Vicente, Jasmine's blow would still have been enough to turn him into an idiot!
Unfortunately, Vicente had a solid foundation, with two spaces in his being created by his two souls!
When the real Vicente Fuller died in his mother's womb, his soul wasn't completely gone until the soul of the transmigrator from Earth possessed such a body.
At that moment, the remnant of Kate and Andrew's real son's soul didn't dissipate as expected. It remained in the body as if it were a pure essence, something behind Vicente's first gem.
Because of such an incident, which happened while he was still in Kate's womb, Vicente had two magical spaces inside of him, with two layers of protection against mental attacks and the like.
When his first mental protection was breached, the second one immediately showed up, destroying the enemy's blow and quickly restoring normalcy to Vicente's body.
It had all happened quickly, but Vicente had suffered long enough to look at Jasmine and see her as the enemy to be eliminated there!
 "You bastard! You have to die!" Ignoring the other two, he flew at the pink-haired woman, using everything he had to eliminate her.
The metals in the area, lying on the ground or on the bodies of Mark and Jasmine, moved again under Vicente's control as he directed them all in her direction.
"Shit!"
"No! Don't do it!" Mark and the other woman despaired at the sight of a shower of blades forming around Jasmine, fearing what Cesar intended to do.
Seeing the two enemies rise to help Jasmine, Vicente glared at them angrily, moving his hands to prevent them from helping her.
Electromagnetic Pulse!
Energy beams shot out from Vicente's position, hitting the ground, but mostly the enemies trying to move in the area.
"Fire!" One of Vicente's three men saw another chance to help their leader and ordered the men over there to fire their weapons in the direction of the two enemies.
This time, the quick woman could not dodge. Badly wounded by Vicente's spear and now struck by lightning, she had become a virtually immovable target for Vice's men.
Mark's situation wasn't much better, and he couldn't dodge the bullets of Vicente's men.
Bang! Bang!
A hail of bullets hit them both as Vice's numerous blades hit Jasmine's bruised and almost exhausted body, hitting her so fast that she couldn't defend herself against many of them.
"Aaaaaaagh!"
She screamed as her mask shattered and soon fell from her face, revealing her angelic face, which was extremely beautiful to men in general but terrifying to one of the men in Vice's group.



Chapter 250 Return to Millfall
"Shit! Boss, that woman is from the Congregation of Revelation! She's one of the overseers of Millfall's Awakening Temple!" One of Vicente's men shouted to his Don when he realized the identity of that badly wounded but still-breathing woman.
With a green talent, an unusual magical form, and a level 5, there was no way that woman would die easily for Vicente, even considering all of her unusual qualities.
Seeing her beautiful, delicate face, now a bit pale with blood dripping from her nose and lips, Vicente narrowed his eyes when he heard the voice of one of his men.
"Congregation of Revelations, huh? I didn't expect the members of that powerful organization to be mere thieves now. I think maybe you're going downhill..."
"You bastard! Don't you dare speak ill of our holy faith!" Mark shouted, trying to ignore the pain in his body.
"What right have you to say that, Cesar Mazzanti?" Jasmine managed to look at him as she found herself surrounded by moving blades. She was fragile but still conscious.
"I have every right to say that. I'm a criminal. I don't act like a protector of good, nor do I try to control the lives of magicians worldwide by pretending to act for the greater good." He said in a sharp tone.
"Tsk!"
"Then what are you going to do? Now that you know who we are, you know that if you kill one of us, you'll be in a terrible condition. You don't have the strength to kill all of us. If you exhaust yourself, one of my companions will run away and turn the whole organization against you." Jasmine said although she was very weak and almost losing consciousness.
Vicente's men made fearful expressions, for that was indeed a fact. They were practically out of ammunition. At the same time, even if their leader could recover with a potion, the time he would need to do so would be enough for one of those three to do the same and escape.
He wouldn't be able to take care of all three if they decided to flee simultaneously!
Even if they were injured, one or two of them could escape from Vicente's group with relative ease!
If that happened, they would be screwed!
Vicente realized the problem and looked seriously into the pink-haired woman's eyes. 'I really won't be able to kill all three of them. In that case, I can't kill any of them, or I'll be in trouble. Their organization will come after me, and I'll be finished.'
He gritted his teeth, once again in that terrible position where one mistake would wipe out everything he had built.
"What am I going to do?" He said as he looked at Jasmine. "Since that's the case, I'm afraid I will have to take one of you for protection. I think it will be you."
"What?" Mark shouted, almost forgetting the many wounds on his body. "No! I won't allow it! If you touch a single strand of hair..."
"Quiet!" Vicente moved a hand, and a piece of metal covered Mark's mouth.
"You want what I have, right? Do you want my gold? I'll give you a chance to make a deal that benefits both sides. I have someone capable of erasing your memories who can help us. If you don't take this matter to your superiors, we'll meet in Millfall in a month. Then, we'll make a deal, and I'll pay you a sum that's good for both our groups, and I'll release your companion.
But if you've done anything like alerting your superiors or even the authorities about your suspicions of what I've done, forget about getting anything from me. I'll destroy everything I stole and kill your companion.
You will gain nothing in this situation, so carefully think before you betray me." Vicente said, thinking of a way to buy time with these people.
'I will kill them as soon as I reach level 3.' His eyes narrowed under his mask.
Meanwhile, Mark had his own thoughts. 'Do you think I'm going to make this stupid deal? I know plenty of others who are ready to act against you when they find out how much wealth you have, Cesar.'
But then he said. "All right. We can make the deal!"
One of Mark's greatest desires, aside from power, was to "possess" the woman under Vicente's threat. All he wanted was growth opportunities, resources, and that woman.
He was willing to risk everything for these two goals!
The other severely injured woman was Jasmine's best friend and agreed to do whatever she could to help her friend.
"I agree too. As long as you don't hurt Jasmine, I will go through with it." She said aloud.
'I hope he's not planning something else...'
Meanwhile, Jasmine stared at Vicente in silence.
'What is he planning? Is he really willing to go through with such a deal? Or is he trying to trick us?' She looked at Mark and sighed.
'I doubt Mark will leave it at that. I have to get ready! Even if Cesar is willing to do what he says, I have to assume that this exchange won't go well!' She sighed, aware her teammate wouldn't accept things like Cesar had said.
'I need Mages! If I can get some Mages, I can eliminate this bastard!' Mark thought, remembering how close he was to Ironcrest, a city with 3 Mages in the local Awakening Temple.
'Levi, Killian and Kohen... Killian is honest, so planning anything with him would be a problem. But Kohen and Levi... It could be... No. Not Levi. That bastard will undoubtedly try to take whatever Cesar has for himself.'
The downside of dealing with people who were much stronger than you was that the more powerful party could decide to betray the weaker ones!
 This was a problem for Mark. Any Mage he brought to his side could betray him and give him none of what he would get from Cesar!
In the worst case, he could even be murdered!
'Shit! How can I do this without making the situation even more problematic?' He thought to himself.
Meanwhile, Vicente was fully aware of how difficult it would be for these people to get support without alerting their entire organization.
Vicente was a bandit. He wasn't a fool to think that these people would follow his plans. Surely, one of the two who would escape would try to involve more people in this exchange he planned.
However, it would not be easy to do so without alerting the organization. If they tried to attract stronger magicians, it might go against their interests and make their situation worse. If they didn't go after the Mages, then they would need numbers that might alert Vice, which might cause him to kill Jasmine or even increase the chances of their plans going wrong.
The greater the number of people in a group, the greater the chances of problems arising, leading to disunity, imbalance, and the eventual demise of the group.
Teamwork only worked when there was someone in a position of leadership, and that person was recognized as such by the majority.
That obviously wasn't the case with these people, who had come up with a new problem for Vicente.
"Very well. I hope to see you in Millfall in 30 days." Vicente brought Jasmine's body closer to his as he floated her in the air with several blades aimed at her vital points.
"Remember, if you betray me by talking to your superiors or the official forces of the kingdom, I will kill your companion!"
With that, they stood still, unable to do anything, as they watched Vicente leave with his group and Jasmine!