Chapter 1 New Life
It was a cold winter night in one of the cities present in the northern hemisphere of the Earth, a relatively impoverished place by world standards.
This was a sprawling city, and despite being one of the coldest nights, the city was still bustling with cars and people who could be seen roaming the streets, even in the farthest regions of the city center.
However, right at the heart of this city, a chaotic scene unfolded. A few police cars could be seen speeding past, their sirens alerting everyone on the outskirts that something out of the ordinary was happening in the city.
Amidst the sirens, there weren't just the police cars that were rushing. In fact, the fire trucks and several ambulances could also be seen racing in the same direction, drawing the attention of those who were on the street to stop and wanting to take a look as to where all the vehicles were rushing.
The National Mint, located at the heart of the city, was being robbed by criminals who were armed with military-grade weapons!
There, gunfire echoed as the criminals were shooting at the surrounding police officers, engaged in a fierce standoff with them while they used machine guns and even grenades to destroy the nearby vehicles.
In the midst of this chaos, people at some distance from that building were able to notice the thick plumes of dark smoke billowing from the besieged building, evidence of the criminals' destructive deeds as they had finished robbing that facility.
"Quick, time to go! We've got everything we wanted!"
"Kill everyone. Leave no witnesses behind!"
"Haha, it's time to celebrate!"
Some of the criminals jeered among themselves as they received warnings from some of their comrades over the radio.
Meanwhile, as they escaped, the last one among them, who was still in the building, navigated through the wrecked walls, heading towards the various pre-planned escape routes they had developed over the past five years.
At the same time, a helicopter landed at the building rooftop, bearing one of the leaders of today's operation who entered the site along with a briefcase while disguised as an executive.
The black briefcase was handcuffed to his left wrist while a field hockey mask masked his face.
As he walked to the site, the man seamlessly ignored the sounds of gunshots that were coming from just a few dozen meters below his current location while the acrid smell of burning plastic and dirt permeated the surroundings. "Let's go, fellas!"
He then took off his mask, revealing the youthful countenance of someone who didn't even seem to be someone who was used to doing crimes that he currently was leading.
This was Vicente Acosta, a 25-year-old, notoriously renowned member of the Mafia in this country. He was known for orchestrating three successful escapes from federal prisons and a bank robbery.
At the age of 17, he began his career in the mafia by organizing the affairs of an arms dealer in his neighborhood in this very city.
Over the years, he had risen through the ranks and gained the position where he stood just three steps away from becoming the heir of the leader of the family he currently belonged to.
Should he escape this scene successfully, his path to becoming the next Don of the Mazzanti family would be practically guaranteed!
But that was one of a kind– IF THAT WOULD HAPPEN!
As his helicopter took off for his getaway, Vicente suddenly spotted his right-hand man in this operation on the helipad of the building. That guy had taken off the mask on his face and was looking at him strangely.
A moment later, this man whom he trusted, squeezed something in one of his hands, a sinister smile forming on his face.
Noticing this, Vicente's heart froze.
"Shi..."
BOOOOOOOOOOOM!
An explosion erupted from the helicopter's tail, immediately causing the pilot to lose control of the carrier as it started a plummet from the sky dozens of meters with each passing moment.
Amid the chaos and warning sounds inside that helicopter as the pilot and copilot screamed in desperation, Vicente saw the last moments of his life on Earth pass before his eyes.
'Fucking traitor!' He thought, but less than ten seconds after the theft of his life, his helicopter crashed to the ground!
BOOOOM!
...
Pa!
"Aaaaagh!"
At one second, Vicente closed his eyes and felt the bitterness of one who would die after being betrayed by someone he had trusted like a brother.
By the next second, he felt an intense pain in an unexpected area of his body, his buttocks, while trying to open his eyes. Strangely, he didn't feel the pain of dying.
 As he screamed in pain, he found himself in a completely different place, but he couldn't see properly, as he could barely open his eyes.
The pain in his buttocks did not seem to go away in the slightest, and thus he tried to bring his hand to this part of his body to massage it. Unfortunately, Vicente found that there was something peculiarly strange about his body.
'Eh? What is it?' He was almost as shocked as he was just a moment ago when he was about to die. That was because he noticed that his body seemed to have shrunk.
He was barely able to control his hands. In fact, he barely had any control over himself. It was as if his body was moving by itself, and all he could do was cry!
Suddenly, he felt a giant hand approaching his body, making him feel helpless in this bizarre situation.
But instead of suffering for that creature, the hand enveloped him in what felt like a warm and comfortable blanket.
Soon after, Vicente heard a voice in an unfamiliar language that he couldn't comprehend.
"Congratulations, Mister Fuller, it's a boy. He is quite strong and healthy. He will become a good merchant in the future, haha," one voice declared.
But then, Vicente heard a voice that didn't sound much unfamiliar to him.
"Oh, my baby, you are finally showing yourself to the world, huh? Mommy waited 14 months to meet you..." A sweet, soothing voice reached Vicente's tiny ears, and soon he found himself being cradled in the arms of this woman with black hair and ample bosom.
Gulp!
Though Vicente could not understand any of the words spoken by these people, he wasn't dumb to not be able to realize his situation even after observing all these signs. With each passing moment, the situation became increasingly clear to him.
'Shit, I've been reincarnated, and now I'm a newborn!' he exclaimed in his mind, but to those around him, he was still crying as his mother attempted to calm him down.
Vicente's father, filled with joy at the arrival of his firstborn son, couldn't contain his excitement and babbled aloud, "Hahaha, my son, my son!"
"He's just like you, Mister Fuller," one of the doctor's assistants, who had helped deliver Vicente, commented with a smile as she saw the blissful family moment.
Bringing new life into the world was always a joyful experience!
Vicente's father continued to smile like a fool, watching his wife and son with his teary eyes.
During their long journey, his wife unexpectedly started to labor in a remote village.
Luckily, the only local doctor in the village was present, sparing them from having the risks of a natural birth without the presence of an appropriate magician.
Who knew what might have happened if the village's sole magician who specialized in medicine, was not present?
As such, the relief in Merchant Fuller's heart was immense. Now he could celebrate the birth of his son without having the worry that his first son would be harmed at the time of birth due to not being attended by a doctor.
After a few moments, one of the doctor's assistants, with a golden light emanating from her fingers, placed her hands on Kate Hogan's crotch, Vicente's mother.
When Vicente, who was now able to open his eyes more readily, saw it up close, he observed numerous tiny letters inscribed in semi-transparent lines coming down from that woman's hands and going into his mother's private region.
'Uh? What is that?' he wondered, his eyes wide with amazement as he witnessed magic for the first time in his new life!



Chapter 2 Early Years
In the blink of an eye, three years passed...
After arriving in a new world, with a hazy understanding of how he had died and ended up in this magical realm, Vicente gradually adapted himself to a new, unfamiliar reality.
The initial phase had been excruciatingly dull for him. Even though he retained all his memories from his time on Earth, he had to endure the tortuous journey that every infant would have to go through after birth.
For months on end his life only consisted of eating, sleeping, pooping, and finally, pissing himself.
The occasional experience of waking up in the middle of the night with his private parts and sometimes even his back smeared with poop was simply terrible!
His honor and dignity seemed to have evaporated during this dark period of his existence.
Meanwhile, an infant's routine does not contain many adventures. He already understood how many things worked, so there were very few discoveries which he hadn't experienced.
At most, he would find some mild amusement during the occasional times where he had seen people using magic before his eyes.
Initially, he couldn't really grasp the nature of that power. Still, the more time he spent in this world, the more he began to realize that the fantastic powers the people wielded were similar to the magic he had often heard about in fictional tales.
Through this revelation, he came to a realization that he was no longer on Earth but in a wonderful place!
This was Polaris Realm, a world where magic really existed!
After enduring those initial monotonous months in Polaris Realm, Vicente gradually acquired knowledge regarding his surroundings, the language spoken by his new parents, and that wonderful discovery.
By the age of seven months, he had already learned to speak a few words, but it wasn't until he reached one year and five months that he achieved enough to form some sentences and comprehend what people were saying to him.
At this point, he had also begun to understand the bedtime stories his mother narrated to him whenever he went to sleep.
Polaris Realm was a marvelous domain full of possibilities. Here, terrible monsters lurked in the forests or even were concealed in the shadows. At the same time, there were humans who were capable of learning magic and had the potential to walk unique paths in their lives. Through the magic, they could strengthen their bodies and souls.
Their lives could be extended as long as they continued to strengthen themselves, and the word "impossible" held little sway over these specialists.
As he learned to speak, he eventually learned these things of the world and gained a basic grasp of how this society worked.
Nonetheless, he was still a child with a lot to learn.
At the age of three, he remained ignorant about the intricate hierarchies of magical cultivation and the differences in status from family origin.
Was this a realm like the Earth where wealth was more important than everything else?
He had yet to uncover the answer to that question.
At most, his understanding was limited to his own family.
His father, Andrew Fuller, was a relatively successful merchant. This man could be described as a person who was kind, good-looking, and had a very sharp intellect.
His mother, Kate Hogan, basically lived to tend to the needs of her husband and children.
She hailed from a wealthy bourgeois family in the same province as Andrew, where they had met five years ago.
Andrew, although of common origin, had achieved success through his business activity, a path he had embarked on since he was adopted by a wealthy merchant about two decades ago.
From this union, two children had emerged: Lauren and, more recently, Vicente.
Lauren, for the moment, remained Vicente's only sister. Nevertheless, considering how deeply their parents were in love with each other, he did not doubt that one day they would get more brothers and sisters.
Lauren harbored no jealousy and got along very well with him. So Vicente naturally viewed her favorably.
Given his previous life on Earth, Vicente might not have initially connected with this family. However, after three years of living with them, receiving nothing but boundless love from everyone, he embraced this family and wholeheartedly accepted them into his life.
Thanks to this good relationship, he enjoyed his time with them, learned numerous valuable things, and gained a profound understanding of their reality.
His father might be considered financially successful, but this was a society where just one's prosperity was not enough to secure their basic needs.
This was a world consisting of magical prowess; as such, one could only achieve a good social standing through their magical power.
While having resources held some significance, but only if these resources had the ability to sway magicians.
This was something his father could not do!
 So, even though they could be considered affluent by the standards of this world, they would still have to bow their heads to certain groups wherever they went.
Within this world, nobility existed, they were people who usually belonged to heaven-blessed families and possessed good magical talents among their members since birth. But besides them, there were also few individuals who were of common origin and could rise to high positions just based on their talents, and the rest of this society would have to be careful in dealing with them.
As someone who lacked power and was unable to move relevant magicians, Vicente's father had no choice but to be humble.
Vicente had learned this recently and was slowly trying to adopt a humble and discreet lifestyle for himself, which was necessary for his survival and success.
He had often heard stories from his father on how putting his head down on the right occasions and taking a few steps back had proved to be advantageous for him.
As someone who had experienced betrayal on Earth and was striving to learn to live in this new world, Vicente had taken this lesson to his heart and tried to act like his old man whenever possible, a mindset that was shared by his mother and sister as well.
Perhaps for this reason, in the three years he had lived here, they had never experienced a desperate situation.
Currently, Vicente was in his family's primary residence in the Seidel Kingdom, Scott Province, Martell Village.
This was a relatively small settlement with less than three thousand inhabitants, where no members of the nobility resided.
Martell Village was surrounded by a large forest, mountains, and sprawling agricultural fields that stretched for hundreds of kilometers.
Given its remote position in the province, this was usually a quiet place that typically did not have to deal with much significant problems.
That was the driving factor for the head of the Fuller family to establish his residence there.
And precisely at this moment, Vicente was running after his mother.
...
"Mama, when will I be able to learn magic?" Vicente inquired in a rather childish, swallowing lethargic language, still struggling to articulate himself properly.
In his mind, Vicente could form words, read, and understand what people were saying, even when they used slightly more complex words. However, strangely, he couldn't speak or write as well as he thought he should be able to.
Kate once again heard her son asking her about this and smiled as she hung some laundry on a clothesline.
"Vicente, this is no time for you to worry about that. I already told you that before. First, you must learn to write and fulfill your lessons with your sister."
Vicente heard her response and thought it was highly unfair for her to hold the truth about this from him.
"But I'm trying my best. When are you going to talk to me about it?"
She stopped what she was doing, letting out a sigh. "All right, I'll tell you about it then," she paused for a brief moment, feeling that she might hurt her little boy, but it would be better to tell him immediately.
"Vicente, magic is something you can train by using your perseverance, luck, and connections. In short, there are many ways to improve a person's magical abilities." She started in a positive tone but gradually it grew more serious. "However, regardless of how many ways there are available to improve as a magician, none of them can compensate for a bad natural talent.
In the world of magic, a magician's fate is already decided before they even embark on their magical journeys.
No matter how hard a magician with bad talent perseveres, they will never be able to reach the same level as a well-born slacker."
...



Chapter 3 Change of Plans
"The world of magic is not fair, my son..." Vicente's mother said, a heavy heartache evident in her words. Nevertheless, she was determined to teach her son a valuable lesson, preparing him to face the harsh reality.
Although he was very young, since Vicente had been showing signs of interest in magic as he spent too much time thinking about it, Kate had decided to address this problem once and for all.
Before he raised his dreams too high, she would cut off his wings to prevent him from attempting a 'flight' that would only cause him to fall 'face first' to the ground, leading to disappointment.
As a mother, it was her solemn duty to prepare her son for this terrible world!
"Don't expect to have extraordinary magical abilities nor to have rich mana, Vicente. Your father and I lack them, so it is unlikely for you to be privileged in that either...
Therefore, don't think too much about it. In time, you will undoubtedly be able to use magic, but you should focus on becoming a skilled merchant like your father.
That way, you can have a good life, have friends and freedom to move around."
After letting out a sigh, she smiled at her son warmly, brushing her son's hair, before hugging him. "You don't need magic to be happy. Your family loves you very much, my little boy."
Hearing those last words, Vicente felt that there was no room to complain, much less lament about the cruel truth of this world.
The mana a person would have was considerably influenced by their hereditary traits. Hence, the odds were against him.
However, wasn't that also the case on Earth? He had been born poor on Earth and, from a young age, had to live in the naturally unjust reality of that world.
Due to that experience, the weight of the harsh truth had not affected this young man too heavily.
He smiled at his mother and planted a kiss on her cheek, thinking he could carve out his own path in life, just as he had done it on Earth.
Maybe he wouldn't become a renowned magician, but he could still thrive and live well in other ways!
'Not exactly what I originally desired, but I can work with that.' Vicente thought as his mother embraced him. 'On Earth, I joined the Mazzanti family, but in this world, I can create my own family.
Along with the knowledge I already have, I am confident of putting together my own group and become an even better Don than the old man.
I just have to remain vigilant of traitors...' Vicente recalled the worm that had sent him to this world.
While he didn't despise where he was now, was there any guarantee that he would be reincarnated in another world if he were to die again?
With no guarantees that he would have the same luck, he sought to prevent the same event that had occurred on Earth from repeating itself in Polaris Realm as well.
"Now go play with your sister, Vice. Mom needs to finish what she's doing," Kate said in a gentler tone than before, releasing her son to return to his world of youthful innocence and fewer worries.
She was heartbroken that she had had to teach her son such hard things and soon she began to think about making his favorite meal later.
While she was immersed in thinking about this, little Vice ran to his sister, knowing that this young girl would play with him since she was so much fond of him.
"Vice!" Lauren exclaimed upon seeing her little brother as she concluded her etiquette lesson.
In this society, girls like Vicente's sister were groomed from an early age to become exemplary wives, mothers, and homemakers.
Although some of them became magicians and ventured out into the world, this was the life of very few. Most women followed the customs that were similar to those Vicente had read about in Earth's history books.
Their family took the responsibility to educate and train them until they could conceive a child. Eventually, their father would find a worthy man and arrange the marriage.
Usually, this arranged marriage would serve to improve the relations of both families, so the bride was hardly involved in the choice of her husband.
Since she was a child, Lauren had been learning how to behave and was being tutored in the art of refinement, striving to become a lady deserving of respect.
One day, Vicente would also undergo preparation by his family, albeit for different objectives. Unlike his sister, he would be groomed to inherit his father's profession, the most common practice for the firstborn male child.
At this point, however, Vice was still very young, and his responsibilities were few. So he had a lot of freedom and often played with his sister whenever she had free time.
And it would continue to be like this for the next several months until little Vice reached his fifth birthday!
It would be at this juncture that things would finally begin to change a little for him!
...
In the months following Vicente's discovery of the connection between mana and heredity, this boy had slowly lived a less boring life. He embarked on a journey of gradually learning more about various aspects of the world he now inhabited.
By the age of four, he had finally acquired his first set of books after persistently asking his parents for months.
 His ability to speak and write properly was a requirement made by his father to give him access to these books.
Through reading these books, he learned about mana, magic, and heredity along with a dozen or so fundamental aspects of information about the kingdom and the world he was born into.
He understood that mana was an important aspect of every magician. It was a vital source of their magical power and was necessary for casting spells and activating abilities.
On the other hand, magic refers to the refinement and application of magical power for applying various spells or abilities.
Regarding heredity, he learned about how one's parents played a significant role in determining an individual's magical attribute and magical form.
Through this, he understood that he had a high probability of sharing similar characteristics with his parents and eventually achieving feats they might have had if they had focused on following a magical path.
As someone who had already understood that his parents were not versed in magic, Vicente spent the last two years without holding great expectations for his awakening.
The awakening ceremonies happened when youths turned 14, and it involved them being given something called a Magic Gem during this particular ceremony.
After their origin related to heredity, what influenced the life of a magician the most was this Magic Gem, so this was a ceremony of utmost importance.
But given his family's apparent lack of magical prowess, little Vice didn't harbor high hopes for his awakening.
Therefore, right after he turned five, he embarked on a journey to learn his father's occupation. Vice was totally focused on learning what improvements he could make in it.
While he had no intentions of becoming a merchant identical to his father, he aimed to learn Andrew's methods, believing that he could use them to his advantage when he had the chance to raise his family along Mafia lines.
With these ambitions in mind, Vicente Fuller commenced his academic journey at the onset of the year 867 of the Magical Age!
...
On this particular morning, Vice hurried to get ready after waking up and had breakfast with his family, looking forward to his first day at the only academy in Martell Village– the Academy of Stars.
At the Academy of Stars, he would begin part of his study regime, where he could learn a wide range of subjects, from the basics of the kingdom and the world he was in, to a little about magic.
While his academic pursuits would occupy his mornings, he would still continue to learn his father's profession daily by accompanying him in the afternoons, making him have a whole routine of activities starting today.
As someone eager to escape his monotonous life as a child, Vice almost forgot that he had to go with his mother on his first day at the academy.
"Where are you going, Vice?" Kate smiled at him as she noticed her son running to the exit door of this residence.
"Mom, let's go! I can't wait to go to the academy!" He said in his childish tone, but without speaking the way he used to, a few years ago.
Kate smiled and noticed that Lauren and Andrew were looking at her, clearly signaling to her that she had spoiled him too much and now, it was her responsibility to deal with this eager young son of hers.
"Sigh... It's okay," she relented, rising up from her seat and revealing her six-month pregnant belly, evidence that yet another addition to their family was growing.
And with that, Vice went to begin his first day at the academy with his mother by his side!



Chapter 4 First Day at the Academy
After leaving his home hand in hand along with his mother, Vicente and his mother walked along some dirt roads until they reached the main street of Martell Village, the only road covered with cobblestones.
Fortunately, his house wasn't too far from the center of the village, so he and his mother didn't have to worry about the surrounding dust until they reached this area, which had the most picturesque scene in the entire village.
Here, Vicente discovered his favorite spot– the central square where the statue of the village's founder, Martell, stood. That was a place for children to play and for adults to chat around a beautiful garden.
In the cobblestone-paved square, there was no mud during rainy days, and on this sunny day, it was bustling with activity as people were walking past with some carriages occasionally passing by.
Some people who were along with their animals occasionally passed by as Vicente observed the area with keen interest, noticing a little more movement than usual.
However, it wasn't surprising that the movement there was much greater than usual. It was because today marked the beginning of another term at the Academy of Stars, where more than a dozen new pupils would begin their studies.
Therefore, several fathers and mothers were bringing their little ones to this place for their first day at the academy while some older students made their way alone to a building that stood at one end of the triangle-shaped square.
The Academy of Stars welcomes children up to the age of 10. Beyond that age, if any family wished their children to study further, they would have two options.
First would be to find amaster for their child, from whom the child could learn a trade.
Usually, the parents would take this upon themselves and start searching for one on their own, but on rare occasions, highly skilled professionals or magicians would accept disciples, and a few would be fortunate enough not to follow the same path as their parents.
The second alternative was to send their children aged between 10 and 13 to one of the royal academies, where they could learn whatever they chose to study.
However, it was not cheap to get amission into one of the royal academies, and even wealthy families were not guaranteed to be able to get a spot for their children in it.
Few slots were available for new students than families willing to pay for their children's education in the royal academies!
However, for individuals like Vicente, who could learn from their parents, studying at one of these royal academies wouldn't give them much of a professional advantage. The primary difference between these places and others was the fact that if these young students at the royal
academies had good magical talents, they could receive opportunities to gain amission to the Seidel Magic College once they had passed their Awakening.
The Seidel Magic College was the premier institution for young magicians to learn and master their own skills and have chances to improve their standing, both economically and socially.
Through it, talented ones and graduates with outstanding merits could also have a chance of earning the title of nobility. But even if they were not the most excellent among students, the very fact of graduating from this prestigious institution would be sufficient to guarantee a life far above the ordinary.
Vice already had a basic idea of what the Seidel Magic College was like from one of the books he had read, but he had no intentions of ever pursuing that path.
His father would hardly want to put him in one of the royal academies, so getting a place in the acclamed Seidel Magic College would be even further away from that.
However, he didn't care. He had no great expectations for his mana and the Magic Gem he would eventually acquire one day, so he was fully content to study at the Academy of Stars and learn from his father.
As he watched other children parting from their mothers or fathers to pass through the academy's main gate, Vicente felt anxiety wash over him as he pulled his mother's hand even tighter.
"Let's hurry, or I'll be late!" Vicente urged his mother, a sense of excitement coursing through him.
With a wam smile, she approached the railing surrounding that three-story building with him, which bore a design that reminded Vicente of gothic architecture on Earth.
"Hello, may I have the name of the student and family, please?" An academy employee stationed at the entrance stopped the approaching Kate and Vice and inquired.
"Hi, this is my son, Vicente, from the Fuller family. Today is his first day," Kate replied, her eyes filled with pride as she saw her son looking at the children who were walking up the front steps of the academy.
"Excellent, Vicente. You can look for class 1. Your classes will be held there," the man stated as he appraised the black-haired young boy before him. "Today is special, so the teacher will be 15 minutes late. But starting tomorrow, classes will begin at 9 am sharp."
With that said, Vicente received a kiss from his mother and finally ran to the gates of the academy. He headed towards the top of the stairs in front of him while holding the straps of his backpack tightly with both hands.
Due to the schedule, most of the students in the vicinity were of the same age as Vice or a year older at most. Therefore, he managed to avoid falling into the trap of older students and soon found his way to class 1.
Despite its three floors, the Academy of Stars building wasn't that particularly large. It housed only five classrooms, a library, the aministration wing, a cafeteria, and a few areas for social and physical activities.
As much as this was a world dominated by magic, physical abilities could make a significant difference in low-level battles.
Since most of the people in this world were low-level magicians or simple mortals without the ability to use magic, learning how to fight and use weapons held great value.
The Academy of Stars catered to students from ordinary backgrounds, so naturally, it offered training about the types of weapons and the arts used to properly handle them!
Vicente already had gained the basics of this, thanks to his sister, and was eager to further develop and train his fighting and weapon-handling skills.
With all these thoughts in his mind, Vice finally arrived in front of class 1, where a few young ones had already gathered on the outskirts and inside.
As he walked through the door and entered the classroom, Vicente saw half a dozen students, divided amost equally between the two genders.
 "Vice, you actually came!" a young man with blond hair greeted as he approached Vicente.
Upon hearing his nickname, Vicente immediately recognized that it was his sister's friend's brother, whom he had met on several occasions.
"Ian, we will be classmates from today on," Vicente replied as he smiled and made a greeting gesture that he had taught to this child, Ian, who was of the same age as himself.
"Hmm, I'm looking forward to martial arts classes... My sister keeps scaring me. I can't wait for the day when I get my revenge!" Ian said with great confidence.
"Good luck with that... But I'm also excited about the martial arts classes. Do you want to be my partner?" Vicente asked, aware that they would be learning in pairs.
"Sure." Ian nodded.
While they chatted, a new student they didn't know arrived and joined them, sitting down next to the two of them.
Ian had an easier time than Vicente at starting conversations, so he did, soon welcoming the newcomer, Rory, into their friendship circle.
Children indeed form friendships easily!
"Everyone, quiet down. The class is about to begin."
As the children chatted simultaneously, making quite a bit of noise, the voice of their teacher, who would be guiding them from that day onward, reached their hearts, instantly silencing the entire room filled with the chattering children.



Chapter 5 First Year of Studies at the Academy
The teacher introduced himself without any further ado after he saw that everyone was quiet and seated.
"My name is Julian Roth. I am your teacher and will be in charge of your group for this year.
For those of you who already have your siblings at the Academy of Stars, you may already be familiar with how things will work. However, for those who are not yet aware of our activities, I will say this before we begin the class.
I will be teaching you some basic subjects. Among them is the history of Polaris Ream, specifically that of our state, Seidel Kingdom. We will also study our language, Telean, and last but not least, economics."
In this society, there wasn't much of a need for 5-year-olds to learn more than that.
In economics, they would learn the basics of the mathematics developed in this world, about the histories of currencies and trade.
In the study of the Telean language, they would become proficient in their native language, one of many in Polaris Ream.
Later in their journey in education, they would continue to learn other languages. Yet, first, they had to develop their language skills in Telean as much as possible during their first year at the academy.
Additionally, because of magical talents in this world, learning new languages became easier after people reached their 14th birthday and underwent the Awakening. Thus, learning additional languages was best left for that time besides the essential ones.
As for Telean, it was not a particularly difficult language, although it was composed of symbols rather than letters, similar to some of the oriental languages on Earth.
Finally, in history class, these youngsters would learn not only about the past of their kingdom and continent, but they would also be introduced to a bit of magic!
Since teaching magic wasn't the main focus of this academy, they would merely lecture to cover some basics to give the students an understanding of their possibilities.
Julian quickly explained it to his students, always speaking everything he had to say in the same tone while looking at them seriously.
In the middle of this presentation, Ian leaned over to Rory and Vice, expressing concern, "We were unlucky... Professor Julian is known to be one of the most demanding teachers. I heard that he is very strict in his classes."
"Is that so?" Rory asked, visibly worried.
Vice, who had already heard of Professor Julian from his sister, knew this and nodded. "We better not talk too much now, or we might end up being the first examples he'll use..."
Professor Julian continued his presentation. "Finally, you will be taught self-defense and the warrior's path. However, I will not be the one instructing you on this. That responsibility will be on Professor Lane.
You will meet him later, so remember this information for now." He said before walking across the classroom, his ams behind his back.
As he moved among the students' desks, he observed intently at some of these young people, noting who was talking or paying attention to his words.
Whenever he came across students who were engaged in conversation, he would merely pause next to such students, making them stop talking any further.
After he finished introducing himself, Professor Julian climbed upon the small platform at the front of the class. There, he performed a few hand seals, causing the blackboard in front of those children to transform.
Witnessing that, even those who had been talking stopped what they were doing to pay attention. They were fully captivated by the teacher, who had already started the lesson using magic.
"Let's begin with the most important subject. Magic!" He declared as the blackboard illuminated, displaying various pictures and words in amanner that engaged the attention of every student in the room.
"As some of you may already know, magic involves the refinement and application of magical power.
However, it doesn't manifest from absolute nothing; it depends on several crucial elements.
The elements include:
1. Mana, which is related to your genetic heritage.
2. The Magic Gem, related to your Awakening." He explained, pointing at the green triangular stone in the center of his forehead before continuing.
"3. Magic attributes, which determine the types of spells that we are compatible with.
4. The variables, which are related to luck and perseverance."
After those words, a table depicting two stages and their respective sub-levels appeared on the blackboard.
"Apprentice and Acolyte are the primary stages most Polaris Ream beings are at. They will probably be the limit for amost all, if not all of you, so we won't delve into what lies beyond them.
However, I want you to know that there are more stages for amagician to pursue, enabling them to become even stronger." He said, his tone carrying a sense of reverence. Even he, who had a formidable talent according to the standards of the village, was limited by these two initial stages of the magical journey.
The students listened to him attentively, their eyes fixed on the graph that was presented before them.
Vice learned about the beginning ranks of the magicians in this world, which began with the Apprentice stage and had three sub-levels.
 They were Junior, Intermediate, and Senior.
The 2nd stage, Acolyte, encompassed five sub-levels, spanning from the 1st to the 5th Triangle.
What were these triangles? He didn't know.
"... In the 2nd magic stage, the sub-levels have these not-so-conventional names, but they aptly describe what happens in each of the phases. Consequently, even today, those names remain in use.
However, as you travel throughout the kingdom or even Polaris Ream, you might come across people designating these sub-levels differently.
You will often hear people call an Acolyte with the 1st Triangle formed a 1st level Acolyte or even a level 1 Acolyte. So, don't be surprised by these variations in the ways of speaking..." the professor explained.
Meanwhile, the class continued for a while as the young students paid attention.
Eventually, the professor concluded his discussion about magic after having imparted to these young students the basics of magical ranks.
There were many essential topics for him to teach them in their curriculum, such as the elements, how those elements would influence their spells, Awakening, Magic Gems, artifacts, professions, and more.
Nonetheless, they would delve into these subjects throughout their first year at the Academy of Stars and continue their studies until they were 10 years old.
Then, after a few minutes of talking about magic, the class followed with the beginning of the history class, which would take upmuch of their study time along with the Telean classes.
But these youngsters' routine involved studying from 9 am. until 1 pm., followed by a lunch break and then physical practice, where they would learn combat skills and weapon handling.
Before 3 pm., their school day would come to a conclusion, after which most of the students would return home to study, while some would accompany their parents to start learning their chosen professions.
This routine would be Vicente's life for the next few months until he reached his 6th birthday and entered a new school year that would begin a few weeks after his birthday.
Similar to that on Earth, there existed summer vacations in this world, a time when students would have the opportunity to spend more time with their families and friends. These breaks would provide great opportunities for children to play and build friendships beyond the academy's gates.
When his vacation began, Vice took advantage of the opportunity to further improve some of the relationships he had started within the academy.
During the school year, the three had little chance to develop their friendships. Still, during the vacations, he would make the most of it to develop his first close bonds in the Martell Village and the first to become his friends were Rory and Ian.
However, he also ended his first year of studies and vacations with some classmates whom he had not had good relationships with.
On the eve of the beginning of his second year at the Academy of Stars, Vice received a piece of news: his second sister was born!



Chapter 6 Back to the Academy and Threats
Inside the Fuller family's residence in Martell Village, the sounds of people's laughter and congratulations wafted from the surroundings, while the smell of snacks was so much that it reached much of the second floor of the house.
There, several friends of the Fuller family were celebrating the birth of Nina, Vice and Lauren's newborn younger sister.
While the adults were chatting and laughing, and the women were intently watching the newest member of this family, Vice and his friends sat together in his room.
"Now you're going to have a new sister... What a headache. If Nina actually were a boy, it would be so much easier for all of us," Ian commented, impeccably dressed in a suit, just as people with money in this society usually dressed on festive occasions.
There were even some who adopted the style permanently, looking very much like people who came straight out of the storybooks about Earth's 19th and 20th centuries.
Vice appreciated such a style since he followed a similar style as a mobster before being reborn into this world.
In fact, right now, he was also dressed in a similar way, albeit dressed in a set of black clothes, his favorite color.
On the other hand, Rory was sporting more colorful clothes than his mother had chosen.
Rory slapped one of Ian's arms and said. "Don't be an idiot. Whether she is a girl or a boy, she is Vice's sister, and we should be happy."
"Tsk! You say that because you have no siblings. If you knew the pain of sharing your stuff with sisters, you'd understand the misery of what I'm talking about." Ian commented, closing his eyes as if in deep misery and suffering.
"I wish I had siblings, you bastard!"
Vice smiled at his friends, understanding both sides. "Nina was born healthy, and my mother is also well. That's all that matters...
But thanks for the words. Anyway, what are you guys planning? Tomorrow, we start a new year at the academy."
The two boys in Vice's room, one sitting on a wooden chair in this young Fuller's study place and the other on his bed, looked at their friend and grinned cheekily.
"Let's get revenge on those damned students of class 2!" This was something that the two agreed upon.
Throughout their first year at the Academy of Stars, they interacted with their class 1 classmates and also with those from the older classes.
While such interactions had been rare, they still suffered at the hands of their older academy students.
Aside from a few fights in which they had become losers, they had suffered fisticuffs and losses over the past year against some older students.
Luckily, Vice was well-versed in his fighting skills, and their defeats were not overly humiliating.
But even though Vice had put his Earth combat experience to good use, his body size and weight disadvantage compared to that of his opponents was hard to overcome. So, even he had suffered a little.
Because of these experiences, the three had trained diligently during their vacation, with Vice occasionally fighting with them.
In the last few days, they hadn't been able to see each other due to a brief trip that was taken by two of their families. However, upon reuniting again, they were all committed to their training and getting their revenge.
Vice then said. "Very well, let's not look for trouble with them for the moment. But we'll put them in their place when they bother us again!"
Vicente had not yet adopted his family with the mafia's customs. He was too young and needed to develop his physical skills and his friendship with Ian and Rory.
At the same time, he knew not just any friendship could endure life in the old mafia ways, so he was still observing Ian and Rory.
However, Vice had been gradually introducing to them the concepts of honor, loyalty, and brotherhood– the values he had learned in the Mazzanti family.
A mafia member had to be reliable, loyal to the Don and the family's rules, act with honor, and be willing to stand up for their comrades!
Unlike common criminals, mafia members followed a code!
The two friends agreed. Just then, Lauren stopped at her brother's bedroom door, getting his attention. "Vice, bring your friends downstairs. Dad and Mom are waiting for us."
"Hmm, we'll be right there, big sister!"
Vice then led the way, returning to the lower level of the house, where besides them, the only children were Lauren and two of her friends who were the same age as her, 9.
...
The next day...
While Nina was at home under Kate's care, all the other residents of the Fuller estate had left.
Andrew went to settle his local business affairs, something he routinely maintained, which included managing his warehouse and dealing with the farmers who supplied him the produce he traded out of this village.
 While he spent most of his time locally, he would have to embark on brief trips around the province every few weeks. During these journeys, he would sell local things and then buy others to resale in their village.
But even in the midst of his bustling business activities, this man found time to take care of his family, impart his profession to Vice, and watch Lauren as she grew up.
With the addition of Nina, now he had another precious child to watch over and educate!
As such, he went on with his local routine, wearing a contented smile on his face, fueled mainly by the recent birth of his daughter and also because he genuinely loved his profession.
Meanwhile, Lauren was already on her way to the academy with her friends, albeit not as eager as her brother for the start of another academic year.
She was already 9, and hence, this would be her final year at the academy. However, as someone who would be studying there for her 5th year, she was not as excited about going to school for another day.
She quietly made her way to the academy while her brother had already arrived, with his friends soon joining him, smiling.
"Another year together!" Ian patted Vice and Rory's hands, looking forward to this new year of their study.
During the previous year, they had learned numerous things other than simply having suffered a little from some of the older students. Nonetheless, there was still much for them to explore about their world, magic, and even the intricacies of their language.
However, as they were still children who were still in the process of discovering many things, they were filled with excitement!
Filled with excitement, the three rushed to class 2, where they would be studying from now on.
But halfway there, they passed in front of a group of students from class 3, these were precisely the ones they had had issues with during the previous year.
"Well, well, well, look if it isn't the three stooges!" One of the young boys in the group, slightly taller than the other three and a few pounds over his ideal weight, jeered while he pointed in the direction of Vice and his friends.
"Last year, they claimed that they would beat us this year... So what? Have you prepared well, goofballs?" Another tall and blond young boy, stated, looking at Vice and his friends with an air of superiority as he assessed the trio.
Two more boys who were part of this group joined as they stood up from where they were, adding their support to their leaders.
Vice then stepped forward and cautioned, "Derek, it's in your best interest not to provoke us... As strong as you were last year, don't even think that the situation is the same even now."
Darek, the leader of that little group, brushed off Vice's words, Vice was someone against whom he already suffered a bit, despite his size and age advantage.
"Rory, you better watch out... You don't want everyone to find out your secret." After uttering that, he turned his back and led his group away, leaving Ian and Vice looking at Rory, who had turned pale after those words from Darek.
"Rory?" Ian inquired, but even before they could get an answer, their friend abruptly ran away without saying a word, leaving the two of them utterly confused.



Chapter 7 Vicentes Biggest Flaw
Ian and Vice would watch Rory walk away from them without saying why for the next few weeks.
They would try to question their friend on a few occasions, but upon being repeatedly rebuffed or ignored, they slowly stopped pushing Rory.
They still cared about their friend but had decided to give him time and no longer question him about the reasons for his behavior.
In the meantime, Darek's group continued to bother them, but much more Rory.
From what they had seen on a few occasions in these weeks, Rory was closer to such a group, serving them in many ways.
Ian was slowly giving up on his friend, feeling that if Rory himself wasn't looking for their help, he and Vice shouldn't keep running after him to be ignored.
When it came to Vice, he was still interested in what was happening with Rory. Unlike Ian, he had his memories of his previous life. He felt that Darek had something to threaten Rory.
Hence, while continuing to learn at the academy about this world and from his father about the merchant profession, this boy was watching Rory in his spare time.
...
At the Academy of Stars...
Between the morning and afternoon classes, the students had a lunch break.
At this time, many students were around the living areas of this academy, eating, talking, and playing.
But in a less busy corner of this place, Vice hid behind a tree near a corridor leading to a dead end.
There he was, watching Darek's group eating in the place where they usually hang out during breaks.
The group of four boys were sitting on the ground, while a fifth of them held a tray with drinks and snacks.
This fifth one had his trousers down and the trash at his feet.
That was Rory.
As Vice watched in silence, suddenly, someone appeared behind him, but without surprising him.
"Vice, what are you doing?" Lauren asked, seeing her brother once again watching those youngsters. "I already told you to stop doing this.
If you can't do anything, why keep bothering to watch him? Sometimes we have to give up some things, little brother."
But Vice disagreed with that. "No. I need to know what they are using against Rory. When I know that, I'll be able to do something."
She sighed. "Knowing the motive will really help you? How would that be?"
"Depending on what it is, I can approach Rory and say it's no big deal. I can say that he shouldn't humiliate himself with these people for whatever the secret is."
He replied, watching the boys laugh and kick his friend.
Vicente pressed one of his hands into the bark of the tree in front of him.
He was the strongest in class 2, but against class 3 students, he had little advantage.
His martial arts technique even surpassed that of some class 4 students. To get an idea of how skilled Vicente was, he trained twice a month with his sister and was usually not at a disadvantage.
His earthly martial arts mixed with the ones he had been learning in this world, gave him great advantages over the children. But with the weight difference between his opponents and their numbers, anything he could do would have little chance of guaranteeing him a definite victory.
He could make one of those youngsters suffer at most, but he would still have three against him.
Ian might be able to make some difference if he were there.
Ian was the second most talented in class 2.
But this other friend of Vice's had already told him that he would not help Rory without this boy asking for his help.
Unfortunately for Vice, he was dealing with children...
These youngsters didn't yet know the value of friendship and had gigantic pride.
Lauren sighed, shaking her head negatively.
 'Poor little brother... Finding out the truth could push you further away from him.'
But then she asked. "What's your plan?"
"Find out the truth, show him it's no big deal, and bring him back into our group.
If he doesn't want to be my friend after that, that's fine. I'd rather he be, but if he doesn't want to after that, I'll be fine as long as he doesn't humiliate himself anymore." He said in a different tone, full of emotion. "I just can't allow that to continue."
Pa!
He punched the trunk of that tree.
Lauren looked at that clenched hand of Vice, seeing her brother's biggest flaw.
Vice couldn't let things go. When he made up his mind to do something, he went all the way, no matter what the consequences.
Once, he had taken a situation so far that even though he knew his parents would beat him, he went all the way, and when he was beaten, he didn't shed a single tear.
Lauren had seen him demonstrate this behavior in other circumstances, usually related to his friends or family.
She knew he was an obsessed person who was hard to convince not to do something.
"Sigh... That's fine. But don't overdo it. If you spend every break watching Rory, you'll lose your friend Ian." She warned him while lightly tapping one of his shoulders.
She could try to help him, but she felt letting her little brother work it out for himself would be better.
That way, he wouldn't regret it!
"Big sister Lauren, can you ask Ian's sister to tell him you are teaching me at break time? I promise to sort it out quickly." He asked.
"OK, I'll do that, but not for long."
"Thanks, big sister." He said before he saw those youngsters move on, and he returned to class 2.
Today he still wouldn't find out the truth about Rory.
However, Vicente did not doubt himself and intended to find that out soon.
Amidst this, he would continue to learn about this world, which he had discovered so far lacked technologies such as the Internet and electricity.
However, other technologies basically replaced these, making possible some things that existed on modern Earth.
There were no cars or televisions, but one could communicate with people hundreds of kilometers away, travel through the skies in flying boats, and so on.
But while some things like this existed, in many other respects, this society was more like that of middle-aged Europe than the modern Earth that Vincent had left.
The customs were more similar, and the way in which those more ordinary to magic was more similar to that of the servants of feudal lords. At the same time, agriculture depended on animal strength and low-level magicians.
In short, if you were poor and lacked magical talent, you would live in Polaris Realm as a poor person on middle-aged Earth. If you were talented in magic, you could have access to things as developed or more than those of the place Vice had left!
Another option to live well in this world was to have so many resources that one could influence relevant magicians.
While he was worried about his friend, Vice was learning about these possibilities and becoming more interested in mastering his father's profession and achieving a good position in the future.
His mafia-style family still needed a lot of work to get out of his plans, but he wanted to use this business model he had learned on Earth to improve his social position in the Seidel Kingdom.
With these plans, his routine would be full for six months until he finally achieves one of his short-term goals!



Chapter 8 Rorys Secret
After the months had passed, Vice had grown a little more and was slowly approaching his 7th birthday.
His physical abilities were improving with each passing day, and not even Ian, the only one in class 2 who could handle fighting him before, could keep up with him recently.
However, Vice still didn't consider himself strong enough to solve Rory's problem with his fists, so he was still secretly watching his friend.
He didn't always do this in his breaks because, as his sister had told him, doing so would alienate him from Ian, something he didn't want.
So for the last few months, Vicente would watch Rory a few times during the week and whenever he had some free time without compromising his friendship with Ian.
Ian was no longer talking about Rory and had made new friends in class 2, with whom Vice had also been interacting recently.
Because of this, he was getting space to keep an eye on the actions of the group bullying Rory.
But while Rory's enemies had never exposed what they knew and were using against him, Vice would finally discover the truth!
...
Leaving the academy in the middle of the afternoon, Vice decided to follow Rory's steps.
Today his father was out of the village, doing business in other parts of the province. So he had time to do whatever he wanted until nightfall.
He decided to use this rare occasion and calmly walked behind Rory, keeping a sufficient distance for him not to be noticed.
Since Vicente had experience in doing this, something that Rory did not have, he easily deceived this friend, who, without noticing, led someone else to a special place in the middle of the village.
Vicente saw Rory entering a property he knew was not for children, where his father had once told him never to enter.
'What is he doing there?' Vice wondered as he approached to check more closely.
He wasn't sure what that place was, but he felt it wasn't good, and he worried about his friend. 'Is it because of those four?'
He would try to get closer, but halfway through, Rory would leave the place to move on to his house.
At the moment, Vice didn't know that, so he returned to chasing his friend until the end of the day.
...
Returning home without answers, Vice stopped next to the coachman of his family's carriage, a middle-aged man who worked for his father.
"Old Carson, can you answer me a question?" He stopped next to the man looking after his family's horses.
Animals like that existed in this magical world, although they differed slightly from those found on Earth.
The man caring for that yellow-furred animal continued combing its mane and said. "Have you ever made one... What do you want to know, little Vice?"
"What's in that house in the center of the village that my father told me never to enter?"
"A house?" The old man looked at Vice, trying to identify which place that was. 'A place for him to never enter? I can only think...'
"Yes," Vice said, waiting for an answer.
"Why do you want to know that?"
"I saw my friend going in there today. I followed him but couldn't get close enough to sneeze." He was sincere, startling that coachman.
"Little Vice, don't do that anymore. That place is where degenerate men go. It's not good for children like you." He dropped the comb in his hand to advise that boy.
Carson lowered his face close to Vicente's and said in a low voice. "Don't tell your father I told you this, but that place is where lost women sell pleasure to shameless men.
It is the doom of those of weak mind!"
Gulp!
'A whorehouse?' Vicente clearly understood what that place was, opening his eyes significantly. 'Why would Rory go to a whorehouse?'
But he couldn't think of anything right away.
...
 The next day, Vice once again chased his friend, seeing him again entering the whorehouse in this village.
This time he was faster, and by using his spying skills, he managed to get to the back of that property without attracting attention.
When he got there, he found a half-open window and watched through it.
'That...' Immediately upon seeing what was there, Vice opened his eyes in amazement, noticing Rory's mother standing before several naked women, teaching them about something.
"When you are with a customer..." As she spoke, a tall, strong man appeared in the only doorway of that large room, with a child at his side.
"Miss, little Rory is here."
When Rory appeared there, he had a sad look on his face as he averted his eyes from the naked women in that place.
But as he passed his eyes through one of the back windows of this place, he saw nothing, as Vice already ran away from there.
Vice had many things on his mind as he ran away from that property, figuring out what had made his friend change so much in the last few months.
'Is Rory's mother a prostitute?' He wondered. 'No, she can't be. His mother is at least 30 years old. In this society, she is no longer considered young!
But maybe... Maybe she was?' He remembered that Rory's mother had no husband, a rarity in that society.
At the same time, she could pay for her son's studies at the Academy of Stars, where only the children of the wealthiest in this village studied.
'Was she a prostitute? Now a pimp?' He swallowed his saliva, lamenting Rory's family situation.
'That's why! That's why he's accepting the humiliations of those bastards! In fact, they found out about it and are using such a thing against him!' Vicente clenched his fists, and the veins in his neck trembled.
He changed his path and decided to go to Rory's house to convince his friend to stop what he was doing.
...
In the late afternoon, Rory returned home alone, as always.
However, when he saw that Vice was there waiting for him, he changed the sad expression on his face.
"Tsk! Didn't I already tell you not to come here?" He asked with a bit of anger, glaring at Vice. "Go away! Do like Ian. Stop bothering me, Vicente!"
"No, you should stop pretending, Rory. Now I know why you walked away from us to humiliate yourself daily for Darek's group's happiness.
But you shouldn't do that! Who cares what your mother is? Fight back against them!" He said as he approached his friend.
Hearing this, Rory opened his eyes wide, feeling that the whole academy would soon know about this.
His face turned red, and he clenched his fists.
As Vicente approached him, he punched in the direction of this boy's face, exploding in anger.
Pow!
Vicente didn't expect this and felt a blow hit his face, bending his head to the side.
Meanwhile, Rory was already preparing for the second blow.
"Aagh!" Vice exclaimed at the pain of that blow and jumped backward.
Dodging the kick Rory tried to hit him with soon after, Vice put his fighting stance on, preparing to dance with his friend.
"You want to fight? Good, it's been a long time since we danced!
But note that I'm not here to threaten you! No matter what your mother is, it doesn't change our friendship at all to me!" He said, even as he kept his guard up. "If you don't understand it, I'll teach you a lesson. Maybe you'll stop being such a jerk after this."
"Damn it! You don't know what you're talking about! Your family is perfect!"
With those words, one ran into the other, marking this confrontation that would change everything between them!



Chapter 9 Plan for Revenge
After the battle between Vicente and Rory, the young Fuller beats his friend, teaching him a lesson.
But after Vice finished beating his friend, he heard Rory crying for the first time since he met him.
Rory was not crying because of the injuries he had sustained in the fight with Vice, which, by the way, were no ordinary injuries.
Although this was a child's fight, mana strengthened the bodies of everyone in this world as they grew up.
Rory had cried over his sad reality. He was a son of a bitch!
He didn't know his father, and his mother was currently a pimp who managed young prostitutes in Martell Village.
Darek's group had found out about this and used the truth about Rory to threaten him. If he didn't do as they ordered, they would tell the whole academy who his mother was.
Afraid of being humiliated even more, Rory had turned away from Vice and Ian and had begun to accept all the recent humiliations.
When he heard this, Vice naturally became furious and promised to help Rory with it.
"Rory, believe me. I will help you deal with these three."
"How? If we do something, it will be worse." Rory said with tears in his eyes. "At the end of the day, I can't change my origin."
Vice said seriously. "We will pretend to be distant from each other. But we won't do that. We will use the next few months to prepare ourselves. When we achieve enough, we will act against Darek and his cronies."
"Will it make any difference?" Rory wiped away the tears in his eyes.
"You will regain your honor. You'll be able to show the students at the academy that if they mess with you, they'll have to take the consequences.
They may make fun of your family background, but will they bear the weight of your fists?" Vicente said seriously. "There's nothing better than violence to settle this. Otherwise, you will forever be a hostage of people like Darek."
Hearing this, Rory clenched his fists. He was a child, but given the hardships he had already been through, he could understand Vice's words.
Either he would face his demons, or he would never have peace!
"All right."
Hearing this, Vicente showed one of his hands to Rory and helped him to his feet.
After that, they shook hands with a common goal in mind!
...
Eight months later...
Vicente, Ian, and Rory had continued their school life and had advanced to class 3 in this period, growing a lot in the last months.
Ian kept his distance from Rory, thinking this former friend was not talking to Vice either. But whenever they could, those two would secretly meet to fight together.
But these fights of theirs were much more intense than normally the other students of the old class 2 and current class 3 participated in at the academy.
Vice had greatly improved his skills and could no longer expose his full fighting power to boys of the same class. But he was using the most he had against Rory, who was taking the brunt of the injuries he had had to endure these months to get better.
Luckily, his mother was rich and could afford the medicines he constantly took to recover his body.
So he elevated his strength and improved his abilities beyond normal to be able to more easily handle dancing with Vice.
In the meantime, Lauren had graduated from the academy and was slowly forming a body with more advanced feminine features, to the point that she was already attracting the attention of young adults.
Her parents had already been starting conversations with local families about Lauren's dowry, but nothing had been decided yet.
Usually, the engagement was announced at the age of 15, so they still had time to make a good choice regarding her destiny.
Nina was still quite small, so she still spent most of her days at home with her mother.
...
After months of training together in secret, Rory and Vice finally reached the final point in their plans.
On this day, when several tests were being held at the Academy of Stars, they met after the end of some tests of their class.
 As they met in an empty hallway, one looked at the other with determination.
"Are you ready?"
"Yes," Rory replied, while he couldn't contain the smile on his lips, and his eyes sparkled.
"All right, let's go over to Darek's group. Class 4 has already finished their tests, and they are in the alley behind the academy." Vicente said, determined to follow his plans no matter what the consequences.
"But will it be okay? My mom won't punish me, but your father is pretty hard to deal with." Rory knew he could count on Vice, but he wasn't so selfish as to simply not care what this friend would suffer for helping him.
Vice's father didn't want him involved in fights and had already warned him not to participate in anything involved, or he would be punished.
But Vice was fine with the risks and smiled. "Don't worry. Better I get my ass kicked by my father than be unharmed but not be able to do what I wish."
"Then let's get it over with in one fell swoop!" Rory said before starting to run toward his enemies.
Vice smiled back, liking the determination his friend had gained.
After months of working with Rory, Vice managed to get some of his ideas into this boy's mind and help him overcome his fear of Darek's group.
'Rory will be a good member of my family in the future...' Vice thought as he ran alongside his friend, confident in his feeling.
...
After a few moments, Vice and Rory appeared at the beginning of the alley where the group of four children were laughing as they talked.
The fat boy among these boys was holding a knife in one of his hands while a chained animal not far from them was trying to fly away.
Meanwhile, other knives were on wooden targets around that trapped bird, some with a bit of blood on their blades.
The other boys in that group were laughing and drinking something as they watched one of them try to hit that bird.
"Haha, try again, Isaac. Let's see if you really are the best and can kill the bird!" Darek encouraged the fatty boy while the rest of them were betting.
"He won't make it. Even Boss Darek, the best in the class, can't hit a moving target like that."
"Fatty's not bad with knives. Maybe he'll hit it. I'll bet you 20 bronze coins."
"I'll take it."
Upon hearing these comments and seeing what these boys were doing, Vice and Rory stopped momentarily, clenching their fists.
Vice put one of his hands into his clothes and picked up a pair of scissors.
He then moved and threw it in the direction of the bird flying back and forth, limited by the space of the chain holding it.
The scissors gained speed as magical particles increased their speed and strength.
Vice would only learn spells after his magical awakening, as would the children in his surroundings. But like any magical being in this world, he already had mana in his body, and his movements could be affected by this.
When he threw the scissors, he unconsciously covered this thing with magical particles, raising its properties substantially.
Therefore, when it flew towards its target, the amused boys lost their smiling expressions as they noticed someone standing in their way.
But before they looked at Vice, they saw his scissors going through part of that chain and releasing the bird.



Chapter 10 Revenge
"Vicente... Rory!" Darek realized who was there to bother them and shouted their names, speaking in a thicker tone to the brown-haired boy.
"Rory, are you challenging us?" The only fat boy put aside the fleeing bird to glare at Rory.
The others in his group frowned, seeing for the first time that boy they had played with for over a year standing up against them.
"Rory, have you forgotten what we know about you?" Darek said, taking a few steps forward as he snapped the fingers of his hands. "Come here. Your punishment will be four teeth!"
Rory clenched his fists and said nothing.
Vicente didn't want to talk this time and merely ran towards them after these words from his enemies.
Seeing that black-haired boy, a few inches shorter than the tallest of them, running with closed fists to them, the four took up their fighting positions.
They gathered mana in their fists and legs, preparing for combat.
They all knew that Vice was the most talented in the academy in martial arts, so they wouldn't be the ones to take him easy just because they were outnumbered.
"All right, Rory, later, the whole academy will discover that your mother is a whore!" One shouted, feeling hatred for the clown who didn't recognize his place.
"You little shits, I'll make you swallow everything you've done to me!" Rory finally began to run at his enemies, moving what little of his mana into his fists and feet.
The amount of mana a magician had could increase during life. But before awakening, a magician's individual mana growth was more accelerated than at any other time in life.
Not only that, children would not even have to work hard for it to happen!
Their natural talent would work during childhood and adolescence to gather as much mana as possible, which could greatly influence later the magical awakening.
Therefore, children had more and more mana as they grew up, and some of that mana could be used.
This was not enough for them to conjure spells, yet it could strengthen their bodies, raise their recovery rate, and various other things.
With a single movement, Rory leaped towards one of the two weaker ones there, driving his fist into the middle of the red-haired boy's face.
Meanwhile, Vice jumped at Darek, spinning his body in the air to land a definitive blow on this brat who had long been bothering him.
"Darek, die!" He shouted, spinning his right leg toward the chest of this young blond boy.
Darek was already moving to attack Vice just the same, doubtful that this boy could withstand his kick.
He was the strongest in class 4 and could even compete with some class 5 boys. This recent origin made him disregard his and Vice's past, and he attacked him with great force to seriously hurt this annoying brat.
"I will soon become the strongest in the academy, and you will be my new minion!" He said, just before their blows collided.
When this happened, the gases in the surroundings of the two shifted, forming stronger winds in the opposite direction.
At the same time, a faint pulse spread from the point of collision between their shins, something subtle but capable of causing a disturbance in the free mana in the atmosphere up to a few meters away from them.
"Aaaagh!"
Then a cry of pain broke from one of the two mouths as they both fell in the direction from which they had jumped.
Vice pressed his teeth against each other but emitted no sign of pain, even feeling like he had kicked a wall.
But Darek was not strong-minded and bellowed in anger, falling to the ground and limping due to the pain in that leg.
"Damn it! Vicente! I will destroy you!" He shouted as the fat boy attacked in the direction of this black-haired boy.
Vicente was faster and jumped back, narrowly deflecting the opponent's movement.
Then, as the fat boy missed his blow, the body of one of the other two flew towards him after Rory landed a sharp blow on the first of his opponents.
"Aaagh!"
With those first blows, Rory and Vice stood side by side as their four opponents felt how strong they had grown.
"Good, good! We'll settle this today!" The fat boy said. "But you're finished, Rory. You won't be able to go to the academy tomorrow anymore! We'll tell everyone, regardless of today's result."
"I'll rip your tongue out if you do that, piglet!" Rory brandished in the face of these opponents, maintaining his fighting pose.
 Then one side jumped against the other again, with the two boys deftly fighting their four enemies, but obviously without much of an advantage.
Every time one of them hit his opponent, that person would suffer and make sounds of pain.
But in the meantime, the other two would also have the opportunity to hit them.
At this rate, even though Rory and Vice could give their opponents a hard time and hurt them significantly, they would suffer in this fight.
Soon they would both have blood dripping from their noses and some purple marks on different parts of their bodies, very sweaty while breathing heavily.
The opposing group would be no better off, and one of them would even pass out before the confrontation was over.
"Say what you want about me," Rory said as he looked at the blurred images in front of him. "But know that I will challenge you weekly after that. Even when we graduate, I will continue to pursue you as long as we live in the same village!"
"Rory!"
"I'll do the same!" Vice shouted. "Dare to talk about Rory more than you should, and you will have me as an eternal enemy!"
That way, their battle wouldn't last much longer when adults realized what was happening and rushed over to stop them from continuing.
Children had powers strong enough to get seriously injured, so usually, their parents prevented them from fighting like this.
Each side ran when they saw the adults, each side with their own frustrations after this standoff.
...
Later that night...
"Vicente!" A man's thick voice reached the ears of the boy lying in his room.
Hearing his father's voice, Vicente immediately came down from his room, going to the first floor of his residence.
"Vicente! What have you done? I heard a rumor that you were involved in a fight today. Is that true?" This man asked, even though he clearly saw the injuries on his son's face.
The wounds on Vice's face had already improved dramatically in the last few hours. His mana could speed up the regeneration of his tissues even though he didn't know how to do it.
But Andrew could see the wounds on his face and still had asked because he wanted to hear from his son that he had disregarded his orders.
"I fought to defend a friend, Dad. I had no choice." Vicente got straight to the point as his mother watched him from upstairs with Nina in her arms, and Lauren ran down the stairs.
"Dad, can't you forgive Vice? He didn't mean any harm." She tried to speak on behalf of her brother, while her feminine face showed a worried expression.
Andrew didn't even look at his daughter, focused on Vicente. "Very well, your motive is not bad. But I will still punish you.
Remember this, Vicente. No matter your intentions, you have to be prepared for the consequences when you break a rule!"
"I understand."
Then that nearly 2-meter-tall man took off the belt of his clothes and began to educate his son!
For the next 15 minutes, Vice would go through the longest beating of his two lives, suffering at the hands of his father.
But he would shed no tears nor cry out in pain, enduring all that he had to, aware that there was no alternative.
His sisters and mother would avoid observing all this and feel a weight in their hearts. But aware of the responsibility of raising a child that a father had, none interfered with Vice's education.
"From now on, you will have no more free time. You will go from home to the academy and from the academy to here. The rest of the time, you will accompany me.
Do you hear me, boy?" Andrew asked, as his son trembled in pain but without voicing a word or sound of complaint.
"Yes."



Chapter 11 Essential Information
A year and a half later...
After the legendary beating he had received from his father months ago, Vicente had spent quite some time without getting into trouble.
At the same time, he had spent more than a whole year having no free time for fun with his friends and colleagues. He accompanied his father whenever he was not studying at home or at the academy.
Because of this, he learned a lot about his old man's profession, gained some negotiation skills, and understood a little more about the economy of this society.
There were three types of coins in Polaris Realm, gold, silver, and bronze, which were normally used daily in all kinds of business.
One gold coin was worth 100 silver, which in turn was worth 10,000 bronze.
One would find these minerals in Polaris Realm in this ratio, hence their values.
However, other items could be used as coins but were less common given their rarity.
Among them were gemstones, high-value-added resources, and, most important of all, magic stones.
The latter was a special kind of natural resource that magicians could use as support items in their activities or in battle.
Anyway, this last option was definitely the most valuable of all, and people usually didn't trade them unless the business values were very high.
Vice had not yet seen one of these but had heard about it when he witnessed a deal between his old man and a nobleman from outside this province.
In this period, Vice had traveled outside Martell Village with his family for the first time, having noticed the magical and marvelous world in which he lived beyond his small village.
Amid these responsibilities, he, Rory, and Ian had returned to walking in groups. In contrast, Darek's team had stopped bothering them after the street fight that day.
That day two of Darek's friends had broken bones and needed medical attention outside the village to fully recover.
Because of their need to stay out of the village for a while, Darek's group had been temporarily reduced, forcing the two who stayed behind to keep their mouths shut.
By the time the two injured by Vice and Rory returned, the group of those two with Ian had reunited, and the three of them could be considered as strong or stronger than those four.
Finally, a few months ago, Vice and Rory's group advanced to class 5, while Darek's group had graduated from the academy. Because of this, they have not seen each other since and, for the time being, had left the previous matter behind.
Ian still didn't know the truth about Rory's mother but wasn't looking for answers either. He had accepted Vice's made-up excuse and returned to his friendship with Rory.
...
It was a sunny day in Martell Village, with the birds singing and the residents going about their business.
Some were fixing things in their small stores. Others went out to buy or trade resources, something typical in small human communities.
Meanwhile, some of the village children were at the academy, while others were at home, waiting for the day when they would reach the minimum to study there.
Amidst this, in one of the most prominent rooms of the Academy of Stars building, class 5 was taking a lesson from the strictest teacher of that institution.
Professor Julian!
After years of studying here, once again, the group of Vicente, Rory, and Ian had fallen under the responsibility of this teacher.
However, unlike their first day of class with this man, everyone in the class already knew him and did not fear him as they did back then.
But this man had earned the respect of these students and no longer needed to be so hard on them.
So he was starting another class, talking about something essential.
"Today, we will finally begin studying Magic Gems and Magic Pentagrams." He said right after saying good morning to his students and without difficulty getting the room's silence.
He looked at his best student and asked. "Vicente, can you tell me what Magic Gems are?"
Vicente rose from his seat and said aloud. "Magic Gems are fantastic items that connect to magical bodies once they reach maturity.
Animals, humans, and other magical beings can connect to Magic Gems upon reaching maturity through the awakening ceremony.
The Magic Gem that connects to a given being is the one most compatible with its characteristics, so each gem is expected to have different properties and different effects on each magician.
Their magical abilities are greatly enhanced after a magical being connects to a Magic Gem. From this point on, they can cast spells or use their innate characteristics at a level far in advance to their own natural magical abilities.
 From awakening, we can store our experiences in them and use them to form new spells that can automatically etch themselves into them.
From then on, they can assist us in spell activation, development, and more.
If I were to summarize how important Magic Gems are to magicians, I would say that they are as essential as brains in mortals unable to use magic."
Brains were also important to magicians, but Magic Gems served in a similar way to help them as brains did with normal humans.
Simply put, it was as if, just as without a good brain, a creature might be unable to develop its intelligence, without a Magic Gem, a magical being could not use magical 'language'.
A magical being without a gem was like a human on Earth without the ability to read, speak, write, or use any of the things associated with that. It was okay to live like this, but such a person would naturally be marginalized and their lineage erased over time.
The professor nodded affirmatively and said. "What Vicente said is correct. Magic Gems are mechanisms that allow us to understand the magic language more easily and, through that, better use our characteristics and affinities.
What about Magic Pentagrams?" He looked around the room until he saw his second-best student, Tessa Asper.
"Tessa, can you tell me what Magic Pentagrams are?"
"Hmm..." She looked away, embarrassed, as she didn't know what that was all about. "We haven't learned it yet, professor."
"But haven't you ever wondered about that? I bet you've seen the Magic Pentagrams on your parents and relatives." He insisted, knowing that these students should have a good idea of what it was all about.
Ian raised one of his hands and soon after was permitted to speak. "Magic Pentagrams are special marks that we gain, or rather, that we need to have in order to advance magical realms. They can give us an ability that is compatible with our characteristics."
"Ian is not wrong. But that's not all." Professor Julian said, walking around the room as he spoke, and pictures appeared on the blackboard. "While the Magic Gem gives the mage the ability to use the different elements that exist to form spells of many different kinds, the Magic Pentagram gives an innate ability and stability to a magician's mana.
As we grow stronger, the mana in our bodies becomes more voluminous and alters both body and soul.
This is so drastic that we are naturally unable to get far in the ranks of magic without using secondary instruments.
Without a pentagram to stabilize our mana, we would explode due to the density of mana in our own bodies upon reaching a certain point!"
Gulp!
"That..."
"But that's terrible!"
The children commented on the surroundings.
"And indeed it is. That's why in the past, most magical beings were low-level and took a long time to figure out how to solve the problem." He said, excited to talk about this bit of magic he could talk with his students.
"But lucky for us, our ancestors already solved this tens of thousands of years ago.
So we know that we need to absorb Magic Pentagrams every time we advance magical realms to stabilize our mana.
Before that, it's risky to keep increasing our amount of natural mana, so not absorbing a Magic Pentagram is the same as being in a bottleneck..."
He continued the lesson, explaining the classifications of Pentagrams, their origins, how one could absorb one, and some basic details.



Chapter 12 Good News
After returning home after his classes were over, Vicente first saw Nina as he passed through the living room.
This little girl was almost four years old now.
Upon seeing her, Vice took her in his arms, swinging her in the air as she giggled happily with her big brother.
"Big brother!" Nina said in her thin voice as Kate watched her with Vice, smiling and running one of her hands over her belly.
She was pregnant again!
Kate and Andrew did not mess around when it came to making children!
Under 30 years old, the two were already going into their fourth pregnancy!
"How were your classes today? Your sister hated class 5." Kate asked, knowing her son was quite different from her older daughter.
"It was pretty good. I learned about Magic Pentagrams." He said, looking at Nina. "Hey, you want to learn something?"
"What? What?"
While Vice spoke into one of his sister's ears, a woman, 1.5 meters tall, very much like Kate, entered there accompanied by a young blond man.
"Miss Fuller, I have brought Lauren back as promised." This young man dressed in a suit said this as he looked at the woman he desired as his mother-in-law.
Kate smiled sympathetically at him and asked. "Silas, would you like some tea? I just boiled some water."
"Oh, no. He has something to do, Mom." Lauren said in Silas' place, causing him to look at her differently as he had nothing to do.
Meanwhile, Vice glanced out of the corner of his eye at the person he disliked.
That was one of Lauren's fiancé candidates, with whom she had recently been interacting as a test.
She also often went out for walks and meals with young suitors in search of some affinity with her future husband.
She had no choice who she would marry, but she could interact with all of them, as long as it was nothing more than conversation, of course...
Silas bitterly smiled and said. "I'll say goodbye now."
After he left, only Nina continued to make noise while the three family members looked at each other.
"I hate every one of them," Lauren said as she clenched her fists, and her expression changed quickly. "Why do I have to prepare for these filth men? They are all perverts!"
"Sigh... Lauren, maybe you are being hasty."
While Kate was trying to talk to her eldest daughter, one of Andrew's men knocked on the front door and said. "Young Vice, the boss is waiting for you in the warehouse at the Price farm."
Upon hearing this, Vice left her sister with their mother and left, knowing he had to accompany his old man.
"See you later, Mom, Nina, Lauren."
...
Upon arriving at a large warehouse where several wagons were standing around, Vice came across his father standing next to several men loading them.
He came to his side and said nothing, ready to observe his old man as he had been doing for the past few months.
Normally Vice watched his father in silence most of the time, asking questions when he saw things that were unusual or that his father had not yet introduced to him or answered his questions.
Andrew wished his son was an even better negotiator than he was so he didn't take it easy on Vice, just as the man who had taught him hadn't made it easy on him.
"Vice, one of the wagons that were supposed to leave from here today for Mosspost is broken. But we must take some resources to this town that needs that wagon. Without it, we won't be able to fulfill our business there.
What will we do?"
"Mosspost? Father's deal in that town says that if we deliver less than agreed, the average price of each item drops by 10%. But there is no restriction on a delay.
I wouldn't ship anything today and focus all the men on fixing that wagon to ship it tomorrow at sunrise." He said, answering his father's question with what he had learned in the past few months.
"What if they try to problematize the delivery because of the delay?" Andrew asked without looking at his son.
 "Impossible. Father has a Magic Agreement with them, so they can't do anything. But we have to compensate them somehow. Even without the obligation to do so, it is always good to avoid displeasing our customers.
I would suggest sending a few cases of Qotre Clairet wine, one of the best sellers in that area. This will avoid weakening our relations and may open doors to new agreements."
No action to compensate for a loss or a delay could guarantee a gain for a merchant. But Vicente had learned methods developed over 500 years ago by merchants who passed their knowledge down to his father's generation.
Magicians might live long, but knowledge passed on from master to disciple could travel through several generations and multiply in quality and quantity.
Through this, he learned many techniques and theories that his father had learned from his master, who had also learned from others and developed some of these ideas.
Upon hearing his son's response, Andrew was pleased and looked at his men, indicating they would do as Vice had said.
'Very well, Vice. You can assume part of my responsibilities even before your awakening.' He looked at his son in silence, discreetly forming a bow on his lips. 'At 14, I will have nothing left to teach you. From then on, you can take over my business if anything happens to me.
Your sisters will have a safe haven in you!'
"Uh? Fater, what is it? Did I say something wrong?" Vicente realized that his old man was looking at him and was in doubt.
"No, you were perfect. Keep applying yourself to your studies. As much as having knowledge like mine will already put you above average, even I am far from reaching a relevant position in this society.
If you want to influence real Mages, you will have to surpass this knowledge you have by a lot." Andrew said, imagining his son would not have great magical talent, which would condition him to have to be very influential for that.
"I will try to help increase your influence with your sisters' marriages, but that alone will not guarantee much."
Having a large family and positioning women well was a very good way to get advantages for the family heir. But one could not depend entirely on the help of it, so Andrew hoped that Vicente would find his own way.
Upon hearing this, Vicente clenched his fists, feeling bad that he had to 'sell' his sisters for his family to grow.
He was totally opposed to this!
Unfortunately, he had no voice to contradict his father and could only accept these circumstances for the moment.
As for influencing Mages, he would certainly try that in the future.
After his years at the Academy of Stars, Vicente had learned about the other ranks above Apprentice and Acolyte.
They were Mage, Mage Sovereign, Mage Paragon, and Archmage.
He didn't know how these magical realms were subdivided, nor if there were more stages, but he knew that only someone capable of influencing at least one Mage could be in a good position in this world.
Apprentices were at the bottom of the world, and there were hundreds of millions of them. Next, Acolytes were rarer but still numbered in the tens of millions. Mages, on the other hand, could be found around Polaris Realm in the tens of thousands.
Above that, it was hard to know their numbers, but 4th, 5ht, and 6th-stage magicians were very rare, and some were even considered legends.
"I will strive to make all the family sacrifices worth it, Father!" Vice said in a tone full of determination, making him sound much more mature than he was.
"Sigh... Well, you have to take care of your family, regardless of where you end up in the future. Luckily your mother and I will still be here to help you." Andrew smiled before giving Vice some good news.
"Anyway, Vice, when you finish your last year at the academy, I plan to take a big trip with your mother and sisters.
We will be going to Saltstar City, so you should prepare yourself. We'll travel by carriage for at least a month just to get there."
"Oh?" Vice smiled, knowing that Saltstar City was the largest city in Scott Province, which he had always wanted to visit.
From the rumors, Saltstar City was totally different from the villages and towns he had been to, which looked like underdeveloped places.
According to what he had heard, this city had over 200,000 inhabitants. It was one of the largest in the entire Seidel Kingdom!



Chapter 13 Gift to the Best Student
A few months passed quickly...
Vincent had finally regained some of his freedom in this period and had gained some more time to have fun with his friends after the academy.
But this was the least that had happened in this time. After years of studying at the Academy of Stars, Vice, Rory, and Ian had finally reached their last day of school!
...
"Vice, Rory, what will you do from now on? My parents are trying to get me into the royal academy in Saltstar City." Ian said to his friends, smiling, hardly able to wait to turn his 10th birthday and travel to that city.
Vice and Rory were walking side by side with Ian, each of them with backpacks on their backs.
They had all grown a lot and were slowly approaching adolescence, a period of bodily maturation that takes place between the ages of 10 and 14 in the humans of this world.
At 14, they were not only awakening much of their magical abilities, but these humans were also coming of age and were considered adults by local standards.
So at almost 10, they were already around 1.4 to 1.5 meters tall, 35 to 45 kilograms in weight.
Hair was already growing here and there on their bodies, and their voices slowly became deeper.
Each of them was more advanced in one thing or another. Vicente, in particular, was the one with the most striking voice.
He then said. "I hope to see you there as well. I don't intend to join the Saltstar City Royal Academy, but my father has business to do there that will cause my family to stay there for a few months.
We will be traveling in a week, so I will be away from Martell Village for a while."
Rory heard this but was not sad that his friends would be away from this village for a while.
"I will wait for you. I don't have any plans for the moment. I will just wait for Vice to join his family." Rory said, confident in what his best friend had told him.
Vincent had already told Ian and Rory about his dream to start a family and live his own way.
Ian had no interest in joining this family, as he wanted to one day enter the Seidel Magic College and get his place in the kingdom, perhaps in a large noble family or even acquiring a title of nobility.
But Rory thought differently. After being saved from the clutches of Darek and his group, he had learned many things from Vicente, and without other interests, he had decided to join this thing called the Mafia.
He knew that they would have to live outside the law, but the idea of following their own rules and living in the shadow of society captivated him.
As a son of a bitch, he had no interest in becoming a public figure, much less becoming a nobleman's minion.
"Hmm, I should return in six months at the most." Vice once again said this to Rory, planning to start his family along the mafia lines once he returned.
For now, he planned not to expose such a thing to his relatives and would only have Rory by his side. Until he became an adult and gained more freedom, he intended to continue like this.
But once he took over part of his father's business and left his family's house, he had big plans in mind!
Rory knew this more than Ian did and nodded to Vice, indicating he would look forward to it.
"I hope you guys succeed in that," Ian commented to them. "Either way, I'll miss you."
The three had been great friends for years and had hardly gone more than a few days without seeing each other in recent years. But now, each would go their separate ways...
"How about this? Your family will still be in the village in the future, right? I heard that the Saltstar City Royal Academy has two vacations a year. So let's meet back here on at least one of those vacations annually." Vicente said. "We can go out hunting, or rather drinking..."
None of the three had ever drunk, but as silly children who saw their slightly older family members and acquaintances doing it, part of them was interested in it.
The three of them laughed as they thought about it, agreeing that they could do it in a few months.
After they reached the side of the academy gate, the three looked at each other and said their goodbyes with their group's special handclasp.
"See you in a few months!"
"See you in a few months!"
As they said this, they ran off toward their homes while the rest of the class 5 students slowly left the academy in groups.
They were few in number, so there wasn't a big crowd to make noise or anyone to lose another among the young people leaving the academy.
So, spotting Vicente running toward his house, Professor Julian deftly moved among the young people celebrating their graduation, approaching this boy about to become an alumnus.
 "Vicente, wait a moment." He said, moving like the wind and quickly getting close to his target.
Vicente looked back and stopped as he witnessed his teacher once again using his magic.
But what Julian and many others did almost constantly with the mana in their bodies was not techniques or spells.
Most of the time, magicians use their abilities for simpler things, like moving around, learning something new more easily, improving the properties of their bodies, etc.
There were endless ways to use mana, and magicians used this feature to make their lives easier all the time.
"What is it, professor?"
"You don't need to call me that anymore. You ceased to be my student when you passed through the academy gates." Julian said before patting one of Vicente's shoulders and ducking down.
"Anyway, I didn't call your attention because of this.
Here, take this. It's a gift I'm giving you." He opened one of his hands and showed it to Vicente.
Upon hearing this, Vice frowned and stared at what was in Julian's hand.
It was a silver necklace with a black half-moon symbol.
"Professor?"
"Take this. I want you to have it." Julian said in a serious tone. "I found this thing while traveling around the province during my youth.
I always felt it had value, but I never sold it or found out if it had any validity. In the end, I was too weak to try to find out." He sighed as he recognized his inability.
Vice looked at him thoughtfully, knowing that this man was one of the strongest magicians in the village, who should not be far from the 5th Triangle.
"However, you were the best student I ever had. So I want you to keep that. If it helps you somehow one day and you find out what it is, don't worry about giving me anything in return. I just want to know what I've carried around for so many decades."
Julian looked young, but he was already 69.
Magicians could prolong their youth. So it was common to find people even older than this man with the appearance of the time when they were at their peak preserved.
Vicente heard this and felt interested to have it.
He immediately felt a sense of déjà vu when he picked up that necklace.
He clenched his fists and accepted it.
"Thank you, professor. If one day I can, I will solve your doubts."
After that, Vice said goodbye, finally going to prepare his things for his departure.
In a week, he and his family would leave this village for the biggest city in the province!



Chapter 14 Traveling to Saltstar City
The last few days before the Fuller family's trip passed smoothly, with Vicente slowly getting used to his new reality as a graduate of the Academy of Star.
Ian had already left for his aunt and uncle's home in Saltstar City, where he would take a test at the Royal Academy in the city in less than two months.
If he passed, he would stay there for the next whole year until he finally had time to return and visit his old friends and family in Martell Village.
On the other hand, Vice had focused these days on getting his things ready and training as much as possible since he would be traveling for the next few weeks and would not be able to train.
He still had his responsibilities with his father, learning less these days and helping more, with more and more duties.
So the time had flown by for him, and finally, at the dawn of this new day, he and his family left the village in a carriage large enough for all of them.
While the birds were singing and the dirt streets of this village were still silent, with many residents still sleeping, the horses of the Fuller family carriage began to pull it.
Three men were at the head of the carriage, the old coachman, who every now and then Vice asked for advice and got answers to questions, and two General warriors.
Warriors were people capable of manipulating mana and following the path of fighting. Among them, there were three types. Magicians' warriors, people with Magical Gems, ordinary magicians with combat skills. General, those who didn't have Magic Gems but could use the mana in their body to strengthen their physical attributes and, through fighting arts, display unparalleled combat capabilities. Finally, those capable of following both paths at the same time.
For the second type of warrior, it had its own classification. Generals were subdivided between levels 1 and 9. Supposedly the level 9 General had combat power equivalent to a low-level Mage.
But that was a path for low-level people or areas. Due to their limitation, level 9, a General could never compare to a magician capable of overcoming the 3rd stage.
Anyway, between these two Generals, one was at level 6, and the other was at level 7.
On the other hand, Vicente, his sisters, father, and mother were inside the carriage. Lauren stood next to one of the doors while Nina was between her and Vice.
In front of them were Andrew and Kate, both smiling, but this woman looked somewhat tired.
"Mom, are you okay?" Lauren asked, seeing sweat dripping down her mother's forehead.
"I'm fine, honey. It's just that I get tired easily." Kate said, smiling subtly. "Your brother is pretty heavy for me, so I tire easily."
Kate was still pregnant, but the birth date of her 4th child was not far off.
It should happen in two months at most when they were already in Saltstar City.
Hearing his mother, Vice sighed, hoping that his little brother would be born soon, not only so he could meet him but so that his mother could return to her normal self.
Vice loved his family and was not against having several siblings. But pregnancy on this world had even more dangers than on Earth.
This worried him, so he couldn't help but be apprehensive about his mother's situation.
Luckily his family had enough to pay for a good doctor, and the chances for his mother and little brother wouldn't be so bad.
"Dad! Dad, how long will it take us to reach our destination?" Little Nina, currently 4, asked aloud, fidgeting a lot as she looked into her old man's eyes.
Andrew looked at little Nina, and his lips opened, showing his perfectly white teeth. "It won't be quick, Nina. But I promise it will be fun.
We'll know a few places until we reach our destination, so you'll see many new vistas."
"Hehe, I can't wait!" She said.
Lauren closed her eyes and shook her head. 'New vistas... That means we'll be stuck in this carriage for quite a while.'
Her thought was pessimistic, but her feeling was much worse internally.
Lauren was practically suffocating, constantly fiddling with the door handle next to her, feeling that she could open it and run away at any moment.
At the end of this trip, she would turn 14 and go through the awakening, something incredible. But she was a woman and would also have her engagement declared very soon!
As Lauren sighed, the carriage of this family left Martell Village, beginning the long journey to Saltstar City.
Saltstar City was practically at the opposite end of Scott Province from Martell Village.
This family could not reach their destination quickly since this was a territory of more than 400,000 square kilometers.
Their horses were fast, but there were no paved roads in the Seidel Kingdom as there were on Earth.
Carriages' wheels broke, low-level magicians needed to rest, to eat, and they got sick if they didn't take care of themselves the right way, so a long journey like this would take time one way or another.
 But not only this but in a magical world, forests and roads were places full of dangers.
Not only could other humans and animals cause trouble at any time, but even the vegetation could also victimize entire groups.
If a person was carelessly traveling through Polaris Realm, they could easily breathe in toxins released by poisonous plants, have their mana sucked out by parasites, catch mana diseases, and so on.
And so, the Fuller family group would travel slowly, giving Nina all the time she would need to experience new landscapes.
...
Two weeks after leaving Martell Village, the Fuller family group had left the plains of that area where their home was to enter more rugged terrain.
The further they moved away from that area, the more extreme the relief, climate, and vegetation.
Vicente and Lauren already understood why this was. Still, these days Andrew and Kate had explained to Nina that this was because of the free mana in the atmosphere.
The denser the mana in a place, the more extreme the characteristics of an area would be.
If a place was naturally cold, it could be freezing if the mana concentration in that area was too high or just chilling if it was low.
The Martell Village was located in a relatively mana-poor area, with only enough mana for low-level cultivators, such as humans, at one of the first two magic realms.
On the other hand, the further they traveled towards Saltstar City, the closer they came to an area much denser in mana, where more powerful beings could develop.
Given this difference, it was natural that the weather and landscapes would change greatly along this group's path.
In particular, today, the group had been quite lucky, and the area they were passing through was sunny and with relatively calm winds.
The surroundings glowed a vibrant green, and the scent of nature ignored the barriers of this family's carriage until it reached the nostrils of the people traveling there.
Vicente had usually been reading quite a bit on his trip. Still, on this day, he took some time out to lie above his family's carriage, soaking up the sun as the horses raced by.
"Ah, the day is perfect." He murmured with his eyes closed, feeling the daylight penetrating his skin and warming his body.
He didn't know if he still needed to sunbathe to stimulate vitamin D production in his body. However, he still kept this earthly habit, and it felt great to do so.
As he relaxed on top of that carriage, he could hear the warriors there to protect his family talking to the coachman while his father and mother slept.
Nina and Lauren were eating something, and he could hear the sound of them chewing.
All was peaceful in the midst of this region of large green lawns.
So Vicente had a big smile on his face, unable to hide his teeth on his lips.
But then he felt as if a cloud had appeared above him as he noticed the brightness over that area suddenly diminishing.
'Uh? There was no cloud in the sky just now...' He thought before opening his eyes.
When he did, he saw something that widened his eyes as Adam's pommel moved up and down.
Gulp!
At that instant, two people appeared struggling in the air dozens of meters above where their group was passing.



Chapter 15 High Level Battle
The two people were fighting in the air, floating as if it were the easiest thing to do in the world.
They moved through the air like they were stepping on the ground, moving as they attacked each other, dodging, defending, and counterattacking.
Amidst the rapid movements impossible for Vicente to keep up with, magical pentagrams would appear around them, glowing brightly as different forms of powers appeared in the surroundings.
Everything was happening at a speed difficult for someone with no control over their own mana like Vicente to keep up. But he could see when a yellow pentagram glowed intensely, and one of the arms of one of those two transformed into a limb four times as big, showing animalistic contours.
Then that person attacked his opponent with the claws that grew on his body, forming blades in the air towards his target.
Swooish!
The other man quickly moved against this attack while a green pentagram glowed in front of him.
From that green pentagram, something began to emerge from the void of space as if it were a space portal.
Soon a giant golden shield solidified in front of this magician, seeming to be something as concrete as the carriage the Fuller family was in.
Vicente opened his mouth, watching these movements, identifying several things in the short moments that had passed since he had noticed the disturbance caused by these two's combat.
"Magic Sovereigns!" Andrew looked out the window of his carriage and shouted, not believing that right in this place, two such powerful magicians had appeared.
"What? They're Magic Sovereigns?" Vice exclaimed as Lauren stared out the window with her mouth open.
'Magic Sovereigns... Not for less that person has a Green Magic Pentagram!'
Magical Pentagrams had their own classification. They varied in quality according to their origin, ranging from the worst to the best in the following order:
Red, Orange, Yellow, Green, Cyan, Indigo, and Violet.
According to the magic theory Vice had learned, Red Magic Pentagrams could be found at a ratio of 1 for every 10 natural magical beings.
In other words, they were easy to find, and absorbing them should not be difficult, even for beginner magicians.
Orange ones could be found at a ratio of 1 to 200, Yellow ones at 1 to 4,000, Green ones at 1 to 80,000, Cyan ones at 1 to 1,600,000, Indigo ones at 1 to 32,000,000, and Violet ones at 1 to 640,000,000.
But Vice knew this record was based on the information cataloged by this magical civilization. In practice, finding such pentagrams could be more difficult or easier.
It was only a probability, so in one place, there could either be resources or places capable of generating a Violet Magic Pentagram or none at all.
Seeing that man with a Green Magic Pentagram, he saw an extremely privileged and lucky person, one of the few in this world who had something so highly ranked.
'Will I be able to become like that?' He wondered as he followed the little bit of the battle up to that moment with gleaming eyes.
Amidst Vice's close observation, his father shouted to the men at the front of his carriage. "Quickly. Get us out of here as quickly as possible! It's too dangerous for us to be near a battle of two Sovereigns!" He said in an agitated tone, breaking into a cold sweat.
After the initial surprise passed, his rational side kicked in and gave the order he should.
While the coachman did what he should, the two men fighting in the skies talked amidst their blows.
"Today will be your end, old bug!" The one with the better set of pentagrams said as another of his pentagrams glowed brightly, showing a Yellow this time.
"Malik, don't be so confident. As much as I don't have the ideal set of pentagrams, I can fully wipe out your race!"
Another Yellow pentagram glowed at this man's feet while the Magic Gem on his forehead constantly refined his mana toward his pentagrams.
Then a skeleton of a giant bestial creature appeared from space, first revealing one of its claws and then showing itself completely.
This skeleton glowed gray, while in place of its eyes, there were two yellow lights.
It emitted a deadly sensation, and any creature for miles around would feel goosebumps as it moved its facial bones as it would howl at any moment.
Simultaneously, a yellow silhouette appeared behind Malik, its eyes glowing in a way that looked like they would explode at any moment.
"Dax!"
"Malik!"
The two ignored everything in their surroundings and once again ran at each other, attacking with as much as they had.
 The eyes of the golden silhouette, which looked very much like a woman's body, exploded, and a grandiose yellow bolt of lightning went off toward Dax's body.
Simultaneously with that, the bestial skeleton strangely opened its mouth as wide as it could, and a thunderous roar broke out, causing the mana in the surroundings to vibrate intensely.
"Oh, shit!"
At that instant, everyone in the Fuller family carriage raised their hands toward their ears, hearing that shrill sound almost unbearably.
This was especially true for the children, who had not yet gone through their awakening and were totally unprotected against it.
"Aaaagh!"
Vicente screamed in pain as he felt blood draining from his ears, but worrying much more about his sisters, who were screaming even louder than he was.
Contrary to what some might think, witnessing a battle of high-level magicians was not a pleasant thing!
As much as one could learn marvelous things by watching powerful people fight, a deadly battle between experts could endanger all those in the vicinity!
The first time seeing magicians fighting for real, Vicente immediately realized this world was truly much more dangerous than Earth.
Not only that but with great power came great responsibility!
Those two didn't care in the least who was in the vicinity, and now Vice's entire family was in danger.
"Shit! Please! Please stop!" He tried to shout, but his voice did not even reach those in the carriage.
Meanwhile, the two attacks collided in the skies, with one diverting the other from its main focus.
Lauren looked out the window and saw the light beam from that silhouette's eyes collide with the vibrations of mana generated by the sound waves of its opponent's skill and come toward her carriage.
"No!" She shouted as she felt pain in her eyes.
A moment later, the light beam deflected by Dax's attack almost hit this family's carriage, melting the side ground where they passed.
"Aaaagh!"
"Andrew! Andrew, we have to escape on foot! If we keep going like this, we'll all die!" Kate said to her husband, seeing that he was already trying to help Lauren and Nina.
This man was sweating coldly, but he made the difficult decision to try his own luck by running away.
"Let's go!" He said to his wife, expecting her to go ahead.
When they got out of that carriage, he looked at the three men there and said, using his mana to communicate with them. "One of you lead the way, and the other take Vicente. We'll escape on foot!"
"OK!"
Quickly the coachman and another man left the carriage and ran ahead, running a few steps ahead of Kate and the rest of the family.
Andrew had his two daughters in his arms, and Vicente was already on one of that General's shoulders.
While being carried by that man, Vicente looked again into the sky and saw all the pentagrams of those people.
One of them had Red, Orange, Yellow, and Green. The ideal combination for someone at his magic stage in Polaris Realm. But the other one was missing a bit and had only Red, Orange, Yellow, and Yellow.
Anyway, all the pentagrams coalesced around their attacks, raising their intensity to the maximum.
"DIE!"
"That's the end, DAX!"
The two attacks continued to collide, deflecting some of their power to the surroundings, while little by little, Malik managed to penetrate his rival's sound barrier.
When that happened, a gigantic explosion appeared in the skies over that area.
BOOOOOOM!



Chapter 16 Tragedy
BOOOOOOOOM!
When Malik's attack overcame the power of Dax's, the laser beam coming from the golden silhouette behind him finally overcame the sound barrier preventing it from hitting his enemy.
When this happened, the great bestial skeleton broke apart, exploding into countless pieces.
In that instant, while Vice's family tried to flee on foot, the remaining attacks of this conflict still victimized the surroundings, with the laser melting the ground and the sound waves still propagating through the air.
Nina had already collapsed in her father's arms, while Lauren had blood pouring from her ears, eyes, and nose.
Vicente was less badly off than them, but he could barely hear anything as he watched the nearby lawns being destroyed.
The laser was melting the ground they hit while the sound waves ravaged the smaller plants in the area.
But when the giant skeleton in the air exploded, fragments of it fell from the sky, forming something similar to a meteor shower.
When the first pieces of bones fell nearby, earthquakes would spread throughout the surroundings.
Pieces of soil would fly through the air while giving way to craters as large as carriages. At the same time, some of the nearby vegetation would begin to catch fire.
Vicente saw all this with a mere glance to the side as he felt the strong winds from the area moving his hair during this escape attempt.
Boom!
His family's carriage was hit by one of those pieces of bone, exploding into countless pieces.
'Damn it! What's going on? Why were we involved in this?' He thought, sweating profusely, with a pain in his chest.
Boom!
Another piece of bone fell next to where he was passing by with his family, and they all promptly changed direction.
But even as they did so, everyone there was covered in dirt, getting totally dirty as they tried to escape.
'That's not fair! Why do our plans have to be disrupted and our lives put at risk just because of a fight from people we don't even know?' He looked up, remembering the voices he had heard before he had his ears hurt.
Meanwhile, he saw the faces of those men, one middle-aged and black-haired man and the other relatively young, blond, and blue-eyed.
As he turned to look at his fleeing family, thinking to tell his father what he had heard and seen, he saw something out of his control happening.
Suddenly, a splinter of bone as big as a horse fell on top of where his mother was passing!
In an instant, Vice felt his spine go cold, and a tightness in his heart almost made him momentarily stop breathing as he saw his mother and that piece of bone above her.
The next instant, his mother could no longer be seen while that bone had sunk against the ground.
"NOOOOO!"
Andrew saw this terrible scene developing before him and screamed with all his breath, even with Nina and Lauren in his arms.
"What is it? What happened?" Lauren screamed. "I can't see."
But Andrew was falling to his knees on the floor and couldn't say anything.
Everything he had in his mind had vanished in that instant amidst the most excruciating pain a person could go through surged through his mind.
His mind was suddenly cut off from reality as he lost the greatest love of his life.
His pain was not physical but emotional, the worst kind of all!
Tears dripped from Vicente's eyes as he grieved, stopping himself from moving to look at the spot where Kate had disappeared forever.
"MOM!"
He struggled against the warrior carrying him, trying to get loose and run to where his mother should be.
"Let me go! Let me go! I'm going to save my mother!"
The man holding Vicente felt terrible in this situation but did not let this boy go. He ignored this child's kicks and punches and kept running, dodging the crater where Vice's mother and the coachman were crushed to death.
 "Wesley, get Mr. Fuller. We can't leave them behind!" That warrior shouted to his companion further ahead.
That man looked back and quickly turned around, doing his best to catch up with their contractor.
Amid this, Vicente finally couldn't take it anymore and slowly decreased the strength in his strokes, feeling an immense urge to sleep.
'Mom... Mom... Where are you? Please don't leave me...'
With that last thought, Vicente collapsed, frustrated, afraid, but also angry and hating those behind this tragedy.
...
Six hours later...
After the battle between those powerful magicians, the group that had suffered the terrible consequences of being in the middle of someone else's battle finally managed to reach a quieter place.
After hours of running on foot, the two warriors managed to bring Vice, his sisters, and his father to the vicinity of a cave, where they were now sheltering from the previous phenomena.
After that great fight, the mana in the surroundings would be disturbed for the next few hours, so even after the fight was over, the surroundings of the battle were still suffering from the consequences of that confrontation.
Hence, the two men were now watching the entrance to that cave, sighing as they remembered what had just passed.
"Mage Sovereigns... I didn't think they were so strong." The weaker of the two Generals said, sighing as he saw the gray sky and some lightning on the horizon.
"A 4th stage magician is powerful!" His boss said. "And the clash of Sovereigns is not simple. For people like us to survive to tell the tale is already a great achievement!"
"Tell that to this family..." Wesley muttered as he looked back, watching in Andrew's direction.
This man had lost his pregnant wife right in front of his eyes!
How painful shouldn't that be?
But somehow, he had found the strength to care for his three wounded children and was at this moment caring for the most wounded of them all, Nina.
Nina was the smallest, so she had been the hardest hit of the three.
As for Lauren and Vice, Andrew was not sure how serious their situation was since he was not a doctor. But it was a fact that his eldest daughter lost her sight.
On the other hand, Vicent was in a deep sleep, and no one there knew whether he was seriously injured.
All they could say about him was that he was in pain as he mumbled his mother's name every few moments and shook vigorously.
"Sigh... That will be a long trip." Soren, the level 7 General, said in a low voice.



Chapter 17 The Situation of the Children
A few days later...
The Fuller family group eventually managed to leave the area affected by the battle of the two Sovereigns, making their way back toward Saltstar City.
Without horses or a carriage, they had moved these days more slowly through the dangerous roads of the region. Luckily, none of the many dangers had victimized them these days. After passing through two villages without doctors, they finally reached a town this morning.
Vicente, Lauren, and Nina were even worse off than days ago, with the least fighting between life and death.
Upon reaching this place, Andrew immediately ran with those two guards to a local doctor's property.
After paying a local guard for information, they got the address of a doctor and directions to the place.
So, as the night chill slowly drove the people of this town into their homes, these three adults arrived in front of a residence on the south side of town.
This place looked quite noble and well-kept, with street lighting and a street paved with hexagonal stones.
There were no holes in the sidewalks, and all the residences in the area were large enough for families of 10, and each had its own design.
It was not hard to tell that this was a neighborhood of wealthy or even noble people.
"Please! Attend to us, Doctor Marcus, please! My children are at risk of death!" Andrew was not bothered by where he was and desperately shouted as he knocked on the door of that house.
He had Nina leaning on his chest, holding her with one of his arms while Vice and Lauren were in the arms of the two guards.
Each of them was dressed in clean clothes and had no wounds or bloodstains in sight.
Cleaning up and stopping bleeding was something anyone with the ability to control mana could do.
But these men, especially Andrew, were still dressed in the same clothes from that fateful day, not having had a single shower since then.
His beard looked sloppy, and his sweat stank so that only people as dirty as him or unconscious would not care to stand by his side.
Meanwhile, deep dark circles marked the outline of his eyes, eyes filled with sadness and regret.
But a gleam remained in them, something that showed anyone who saw him that he hadn't given up yet.
Amidst his cries, filled with emotion and fear, the door in front of him opened, and a man with white hair, wrinkles near his eyes, almost two meters tall, appeared there.
This person was dressed socially, with black suspenders holding up his trousers.
"Please help me save my children! I will pay you what is necessary!" Andrew pleaded with this person, even though he was unsure if this was the doctor of this residence.
That man had a serious expression on his face, having come to his door to see who was bothering his dinner.
He was no longer in office hours and did not receive patients in his home.
But seeing the little girl in the arms of the dirty man at his door, this old man could not help but change his expression a little.
Nina's chubby little body was as pale as a sheet of paper, she was trembling, and her eyes rolled continuously.
It was clear that she was suffering!
The man's eyes narrowed, and he asked. "What's wrong with this girl? What happened?"
He could refuse them or ask where they got the audacity to come to his door at such time of the night. But if he refused service, he was sure this little girl would die!
No matter how angry he was, he could not refuse to help these people!
This society might be complicated, full of people capable of committing atrocities. But many people had their moral principles and their professional honor.
Seeing that child who could die in a short time if not treated, he, a doctor capable of saving her, could not simply ignore her case.
As a father of 5, he would keep these people in his mind if he did not attend to them now.
"We were involved in a conflict of experts. We tried to escape as quickly as possible, but the two Sovereigns were too strong for us to escape in time." Andrew said as he passed his daughter's little body to this man.
Doctor Marcus heard this as he ran to his office in his residence. "What?" He voiced as he heard the title Sovereigns from Andrew's mouth.
As Andrew's group followed these men, a middle-aged woman and two teenagers appeared in a hallway of that residence.
 "What's up, honey?" But seeing those injured children, Asher Marcus' wife answered her own question, 'Those children are not well.'
She was not a doctor but had helped her husband over the years and learned many things.
"Children, stay here, and don't bother your father." She ordered as she rushed into the office where those four adults had already rushed in.
While the two guards placed Vice's and Lauren's bodies on an armchair big enough for the two of them, Doctor Marcus was already with Nina on a stretcher, examining her little body.
"Doctor?" Andrew pressed his hands against each other, his heart thumping harder in his chest.
The doctor was silent momentarily as his eyes glowed a majestic green, matching the mana coating his hands.
Using an instrument that looked like a coin, he felt the problems in this girl's body more deeply.
"Father, I have good news and bad news." He said after a minute while his wife was already at his side helping him.
Gulp!
"What's the good one?" Andrew asked.
"Your daughter will live."
"And what's the bad one?" He took a deeper breath, bracing himself for whatever it was.
"Her sense of hearing is lost. She will never again distinguish sound waves... She's deaf, Father." He said about what he could do nothing about first. "Part of her brain has also been affected. But that I can try to repair.
However, you should know that there are no guarantees about the future. The procedure can generate sequelae. This can range from damaging her mobility to even her magical talents."
The people in that office were silent until Marcus asked.
"Do you wish me to proceed? But know that if I do nothing, her situation could be much worse."
"Please do your best, Doctor." Andrew sat down in a chair and lowered his head, hiding his face from the people there.
"Dear, get her ready. I will check the situation of these two before we proceed." He said before approaching where Lauren and Vice were standing.
While his wife was caring for Nina, this man quickly noticed that Lauren had lost her sight and also had part of her hearing affected. However, with treatment and patience, she would one day be able to hear normally again.
Lauren had other internal injuries, as did Nina. But they were the least of it, and with first aid and a few days of rest, she could fully recover from these injuries.
Looking at Vice's case, this man was positively surprised, noticing that this boy had suffered almost nothing compared to his sisters.
He was unconscious, and his hearing was also affected, but his case was the easiest to treat of the three.
'This boy seems to have been lucky...' He sighed as he put Vicente aside and wrote some things down for his wife to advance while he took care of Nina.
"One of the Sovereigns you guys ran into must be old Dax from the Bone Mountains... Sigh, you guys really had a lot of bad luck." He commented as he connected the cultivation level with these youngsters' suffering.
"But don't worry Father, these two will be fine after a while. Especially the boy."
"Thank you, Doctor. Thank you!"



Chapter 18 Desire for Revenge
After a few days in the previous city, Vicente and Lauren had finally awakened from their states.
Lauren was the first to wake up and the most affected.
Finding out that she would no longer see from that day on, she had locked herself in the bedroom of the house her father had gotten in this town. She barely ate the meals her father served, always very sad.
Even sleeping at night was not easy for her. Amid her nightmares, she would wake up in the hopeless darkness of her current life, something challenging to get used to.
She had already heard from her father that her mother and the baby in Kate's belly were no longer among them, so she suffered twice as much.
Previously she was so sad at having to become engaged to a man she didn't like, but now she couldn't help but realize how foolish she was.
She didn't have any problems before. Her life could be considered perfect, but still, she had complained to her parents so many times...
Now all she wanted was to have that problem!
If only she could trade her lost sight, bring her mother and brother back, for the cost of a marriage...
She wouldn't even care if she had to marry a disgusting old man!
But her reality was cruel, and her thoughts would not change a thing. Now she was blind, no longer had a mother, and would possibly leave her previous favorable position and stay single even if she didn't want to.
But while she was living her depressing situation, Vicente had woken up this morning!
Upon awakening, he had not fully recovered his hearing, but he had understood perfectly when his father told him about his mother, Nina, and Lauren.
He had seen when a piece of bone had crushed his mother, but he still listened with tears in his eyes to his old man's words.
In the previous days, he had been constantly having nightmares about his mother's death, and when he woke up, he couldn't help but pray to the heavens that it was just a bad dream.
But hearing everything from Andrew, any hope in Vicente's heart was shattered!
...
After his father finished telling him what had happened, as well as the situation of his sisters and where they were, Vicente found himself alone in the room he was in.
He walked with difficulty to the bathroom and turned on the shower, letting the cold water run over his body while his tears continued to run from his eyes.
All he could think of was the sweet and gentle Kate in his mind, remembering his last days at his mother's side.
But at the thought that he would never see her again and couldn't even say goodbye to her properly, he felt a much worse emptiness, with an indescribable lump in his throat.
He wanted to scream and make this whole world feel the pain he was now enduring, but he couldn't.
Or rather, he didn't have the ability to do that.
Not even having his abilities awakened, Vicente was not much more than an insect compared to the level he needed to reach to affect this reality.
He knew this, and it made him feel twice as bad.
Unfortunately, he was powerless...
"Shit! Shit! Shit!" He felt a sudden surge of anger and punched the wall before him, ignoring the pain in his fists.
"Damn you, Dax, Malik!" He shouted, remembering the names he had heard during that battle. "One day! One day I will find you, no matter what it costs or how long it takes!
I won't stop until I return to you what happened to my mother!" He continued punching the wall in front of him until the wounds in his fists opened up, and blood flowed out.
When he saw dark red drops dripping from his hands, Vicente stopped and looked at them, feeling a unique sensation in his body.
Without realizing it, he swore to his own blood to avenge his mother's murder!
"Either I will avenge myself, or I will die tempted!"
After these words full of conviction, Vice finished taking his shower and quickly dressed, curling his fingers to hide what he had just done.
Leaving his room, he went directly to the room where his father had told him Lauren was.
He knew that his sister Lauren had suffered more than him and entered without knocking on the door.
 "Lauren, it's me, Vice." He said as he got close to the bed where his sister was cuddled in a pillow.
"Vice? Are you awake?" She asked as she looked up in a different direction from where Vicente was.
Seeing how his sister had not yet gotten used to recognizing the position of people by sound, Vicente felt once again a wave of anger in his heart.
"I'm sorry, big sister." He said with difficulty. "I know I am weak now, but I promise you. One day I will avenge our mother."
Lauren didn't believe that her brother would one day be able to avenge his mother or even what had happened to her and Nina. But she knew her brother well and knew he wasn't kidding.
Tears flowed down her face again as she said. "Vicente, don't worry about it. I'll miss mother, but that's life. There's nothing we can do. Those people were Sovereigns."
"Even if they were Paragons or Archmages, it doesn't matter. I will do everything possible and impossible to get at them!" He said with conviction. "Just believe in me, sister. One day I will bring peace to Mother!"
Lauren felt a tightening in her heart but said nothing. She knew Vicente. Once he decided to do something, nothing could stop him from continuing with his plans.
'Vicente...' Amidst the despair of the darkness, Lauren felt her heart beating harder, feeling the terrible fate of her family.
...
A few more days passed as the Fuller family group continued on in that town.
During this time, Vicente and Lauren had continued their treatment with Doctor Marcus, while Nina had finally awakened after the complicated procedure she had undergone.
From what Doctor Marcus had told Andrew, her case was delicate, and he was to accompany his youngest daughter to the doctors every month for the next six months.
For the moment, she did not seem to have any sequelae other than deafness. But the marks of the operation she had had to undergo could appear at any time.
If she showed any worrying signs, he should look for better-ranked doctors, if possible Mages!
Due to the absence of magicians of that classification in most of Scott Province, as soon as Nina had awakened the day before, Andrew had decided to leave for Saltstar City.
Previously they were going there on business. But he no longer knew if he still wanted to do that. Maybe staying in this town and trying to care for his children was the best thing for him.
But upon finding out about Nina's need, he turned back and decided to leave the night before with his family for his old destination.
So at the present moment, Andrew and his family were on the road, once again venturing out as they traveled to the largest city in the province.
This time the interior of their carriage was much quieter, with each person dealing with their losses in their way.
This trip would not last that long, and in another three weeks, they would finally reach the largest city in the province, where their near future lay!



Chapter 19 Arriving in Saltstar City
Arriving in the vicinity of Saltstar City in the rented carriage of the Fuller family, the members of that family were in different moods than they had imagined they would be upon arriving there.
While some looked at the province's largest city seriously, others merely listened to the more and more agitated sound of that place reaching their ears.
Andrew had a solemn expression on his pale, dehydrated face. Today he looked a few years older compared to the lively man who had left Martell Village weeks ago.
His white hair had taken over his head and beard, having appeared along with his increasing pessimism.
'I have to find a doctor for Nina...' He thought about his priority.
This man had a whole world of problems on his shoulders, but he ignored them while he didn't solve his biggest concern, his youngest daughter's life.
Vicente was physically fine, and Lauren, however much she had lost her sight, would eventually be able to live without major mishaps.
Only Nina was not guaranteed anything!
As Andrew thought about her, this little girl looked out over the city in the distance on her father's lap, seeing most of that place as their carriage drove down a hill.
But she wasn't sure what to think since not only was everyone sad, but she had lost her mother and could no longer listen.
So even though she saw this seaside city in front of her, from where she could see the sea, this girl was not happy at all.
On the other hand, Lauren could not see this place. Still, from the occasional descriptions her brother gave her, she was aware that the noises she heard were coming from Saltstar City.
'We are finally getting to this place...' She sighed as she heard the noise of wagons, carriages, and people talking further ahead.
Her hearing had been improving significantly since her recovery. Due to the loss of her sight, she could now hear things that others would have difficulty hearing.
But she didn't care about that. All Lauren wanted was for time to pass and for her to go through her awakening.
Weeks after she had lost her mother, she slowly accepted the situation she was in. She now no longer had her mother present, and she was blind. Either she would learn to live like this, or her life would be even more miserable than it already was.
So she was focused on her 14th birthday, which was due in a few months.
One of the purposes of this family's trip to Saltstar City was for her to awaken her powers while her father did business locally.
Awakening was not something that a magician could go through just anywhere. Only cities with more than 50,000 inhabitants had the Awakening Temple, a special place where Magic Gems were usually found.
Since she was close to coming of age and going through an awakening, Andrew planned to use the opportunity to awaken his daughter's magical powers in the largest temple in Scott Province.
So all Lauren wanted now was to awaken her powers and return home.
From then on, she could learn to live better with herself and even plan what to do next.
But this was totally different from what Vicente had in mind.
Looking at this city, the eyes of this black-haired boy were sharp as those of an eagle.
In this place, he didn't see a place for him to have fun and learn more about this world. There was his opportunity to start doing business with his father and slowly take over what his old man had.
'I will use this to finance myself and get the necessary information for my family.' He thought, with several things in mind, but needed the basic information to identify the best way forward.
He definitely couldn't steal anything for the moment since he didn't know how magic could influence treasure defenses and the like.
But as a bandit in his past life, he had absolutely nothing against stealing what he needed to achieve his goals!
For now, he kept this alternative aside and would get contacts and information through his father's business partners.
His father had also already promised him 50% of the profit he made when he himself was behind the business, so this would also be Vicente's opportunity to earn coins on his own.
'We will stay in this city until Lauren awakens her magical powers. After that, we will return to the village.' He thought as he watched his carriage approach the entrance to the city. 'At that time, I will join Rory and begin my plans to form my own organization.'
After his conversation with his older sister, Vice no longer touched the subject of revenge. He was too weak and poor in comparison to his enemies.
As he was no fool, he was putting his purpose of revenge aside to plan his organization's first steps, something he could do.
But thoughts of revenge would repeatedly pop up in his mind to irritate him.
So, while everyone inside that carriage remained silent, the coachman hired for this trip directed the horses through the entrance of that city.
 "Where are we going, gentlemen?" This man asked the two guards of the Fuller family group.
Soren then said. "Go to a good inn. Nothing too fancy, but not too bad to the point that these children are in danger."
That man they had hired in the town where Doctor Marcus had treated Nina and her siblings nodded and soon made his way to a place he knew.
When they arrived in front of Lord's Lagoon Resort, these three men immediately unloaded the Fuller family's things while Andrew made his way to the reception area of that place.
There were storage items in this world, but they were expensive magical items for simple people like them.
So all the luggage they had brought from that town where they met Doctor Marcus was in that carriage to be unloaded.
"Good morning, sir. Welcome to Lard's Lagoon Resort. Do you have a reservation?" A beautiful blonde attendant asked shortly after seeing the group that had just entered the front desk of this place.
While Andrew was answering her, Vicente and Nina were looking around, from where they could see the beach not far from them.
When his father had paid the receptionist for the keys to his apartment, they set off from there, with Vice directing his two sisters as he took their hands.
Nina was walking with difficulty, which had been worrying Andrew recently, while Lauren needed a guide due to her visual impairment.
But this was not a problem for Vicente, and soon they arrived at the place where they would live for the next few months.
Their apartment had only two bedrooms, a living room, two bathrooms, a kitchen, plus a beautiful balcony overlooking the beach.
No one from this group wasted their time looking at the view, and as soon as their bags arrived, Vice helped his sisters put their things away in the closets of the room that the three of them would share from now on.
Then, while the two family guards stood outside that apartment, Andrew went to his children's room and called for Vice.
"Vicente, finish helping your sisters and come to me. Tomorrow I intend to begin to settle the business I had in this city. You will accompany me and lead some smaller deals I have scheduled." He said without much emotion in his voice before going back to his room and locking the door.
When Vicente finished, he promised his sisters not to delay and went to his father's room.
"Father, what did you want to talk to me about?" He asked as he entered there and saw his old man sitting in an armchair with a glass of drink in one hand and a large cigar in his mouth.



Chapter 20 Endless Bad Luck
For the next three days, Vicente and Andrew would travel around Saltstar City in search of local contacts with whom they could do business.
Some of Andrew's acquaintances had already made deals with others since he had been delayed for weeks in getting to this place.
But there were still opportunities for him in this city not to thwart his plans completely.
After the meetings that the two went to in those days, they had managed to get through negotiations with two local merchants and would be talking to them again in the next few days.
Andrew still had a few names to visit locally, but unlike what he could do in smaller places, anything that someone like him was going to do had to be scheduled in this city.
The level of local business was much higher than he was used to, and as someone who was still small, this man had to wait for the time when his contacts could receive him.
He had managed to find some of these contacts for the moment, but for the others, he would only be able to see them in the next few days, for when he had managed to fit in his meeting with these people.
But this was not a problem for him or Vincent. As merchants, they were people who knew that one bad day was not enough to bring them down and had the patience to keep trying.
Amid these initial conversations, Andrew had been looking for a 3rd stage doctor to care for Nina.
There was no classification for professionals in this world. Doctors or any other professionals were classified according to their levels of magic.
But even if this was not enough to rank the best professional, in general, it was enough because the higher the cultivation and the number of pentagrams, the better the skills of one.
So even though there might be some doctor with enough understanding to take care of Nina while being only a 2nd stage magician, Andrew was focused on more powerful magicians.
He wasn't rich enough to hire magicians like that continuously. Yet, for an exclusive service, he had enough to do so.
And so, he and Vicente had gotten an appointment with a doctor for Nina this afternoon!
...
Leaving the resort where they were staying, the Fuller family went by carriage to a doctor's office in the central area of Saltstar City.
This place was a little far from the beach where the resort was located, but luckily there was no traffic.
Even in such a large city, there were not enough wealthy people to have so many carriages and wagons around the city. As such, the wide local streets held the movement of this place well, and those moving in animals or carriages had an easy time reaching their destinations.
The streets were not perfect. Some had potholes or were quite uneven. But overall, they were good enough for horses to run at speeds of up to 20 kilometers per hour.
Vicente and Nina saw the well-developed center of Saltstar City, passing in front of the local royal academy, to which this young man could not help but look and sigh.
'Ian must have already passed his entrance exam...' He imagined, sensing that his friend would soon begin his journey at such a renowned institution.
But even though he knew where to look for Ian locally, Vicente had no intention of doing that.
'Better leave him alone.' He shook his head negatively as he closed his eyes momentarily. 'I don't need to bring Ian into the chaos of my life.'
"Mr. Fuller, we have arrived at Doctor Mayer's clinic."
With those words, they proceeded forward into the interior of a three-story round tower-shaped building, where many people stood in the vicinity, on balconies, and at its entrance.
"Doctor Mayer's clinic is on the 3rd floor of the Saltstar City Medical Guild." Their guide said. "Here, the province's top doctors can test their skills, buy resources, and get good contacts. Anyway, this is the best place for doctors in the whole province!"
Vice's group was uninterested and simply ignored this information while that man continued to present his surroundings joyfully.
He loved everything about this city and loved to explain the places he took his customers.
When they reached the 3rd floor, Andrew immediately identified himself with the secretary of the doctor who would be attending to his daughter.
An instant later. "Mr. Fuller, Doctor Mayer will see you and your daughter in a moment." She said before allowing only those two to enter.
...
An hour later, Andrew and Nina left Doctor Mayer's office.
"Father, what about it? Is there a problem with Nina?" Vice quickly approached his old man and questioned, feeling his heart beating harder.
Andrew said nothing, only indicating for them to return to the carriage.
But the sad look on his face could not hide the truth from Vicente.
 'There's a problem.' He swallowed his saliva, looking at his little sister with pain in his heart.
He pressed his teeth against each other and said nothing, remembering once again the names of those responsible.
'DAX... MALIK!'
"Father, what's wrong? What did the doctor say?" Lauren couldn't see the expressions of her family members, but the silence carried a lot of information.
As Andrew entered the carriage, he looked at his two children and continued to cuddle with little Nina.
After thinking about his words, he closed his eyes and said, "I don't want you to say this to Nina, but the procedure she went through to recover part of her brain left some sequelae behind.
She is fine now, but it will damage her little by little. The doctor who attended us said that she would not regain her mobility and may lose movement in part of her body as she grows.
To make matters worse, he believes she has less than a 10% chance of making it through the awakening and controlling her mana."
Awakening was not something with a 100% chance of success. Some people didn't get the slightest compatibility with at least one Magic Gem during the awakening ceremony and missed this essential element in the magical path.
If Nina's chances of getting that were low, then even becoming a low-level magician like Andrew would be impossible for her!
"It can't be..." Lauren said with pain in her voice, feeling the urge to hug her little sister.
Vicente understood his sister's misfortune and said nothing, committed to finding a solution.
'Maybe a 4th stage doctor... I have to become influential with 4th stage cultivators to get revenge, so I will try my luck then, Nina.
I promise I will try!' He looked at his little sister as she had an uncertain look on her face, knowing something was wrong with her, but not exactly what.



Chapter 21 Nobility Hierarchy
For the next few weeks, Andrew would take Nina to the previous doctor once a week to try a treatment for her situation.
The doctor who had checked her condition in Saltstar City felt that her situation was not promising and that the sequelae were practically irreversible. However, he suggested treatment to at least reduce the severity of what would happen to her in the future.
This was not something that would solve the problem. Yet, it could be the difference between her having difficulty walking and not walking at all.
As for her relative chances of waking up, only heaven could tell if that would change to any degree.
In those weeks, Lauren would spend most of her time in her siblings' room, turning to get to know her own limits.
Walking in the dark was not easy. Getting used to the evolution of her other senses wasn't either!
As for Vicente, he had still been accompanying his father in negotiations, slowly gaining more space with his old man to participate and even lead.
Even though he was only 10, children already took on responsibilities around this age in this society.
Children were learning their parents' functions from the age of 5, and many were working by the time they were 10.
It was not strange to see children involved in non-physical work, so Vicente had not encountered any problems.
His father and some of this man's acquaintances saw his participation as positive, especially when they noticed that this young man was neither dumb nor slow.
...
"Father, I'm coming," Vincent said before opening the door to his father's room and entering.
He smelled something terrible when he entered there but didn't find it strange. Lately, his old man was not so bothered about his own appearance or hygiene.
When he found him lying on the bed, Vicente saw the drink bottles on the floor and an ashtray full of ashes beside one of the headboards.
Andrew was only in his underwear, lying on his stomach.
"Father... Father, wake up..." Vicente tried to wake his old man, as this man made some typical noises of someone waking up from a bad night's sleep.
"Hell, Vicente, why are you waking me up?" Andrew asked as he yawned.
"We have a meeting now in the morning. Aren't you going?"
"What meeting?"
"With the Murray family. Won't you come?"
"Why don't you represent me, son? I'm sure you can handle this." Andrew said, without even looking at his son, getting ready to go back to sleep.
Vicente heard this and sighed.
He had no problem taking on his father's responsibilities. What worried him was the psychological situation of this man!
'Father is in a very bad way... After we arrived in this city, he had been drinking more and more.
It seems he is dealing with his loss by becoming sloppy and drinking.' He stood beside his father for a few moments, looking at this room's messy and fetid surroundings.
Unfortunately, there was nothing he could do to help. He had already tried to talk to his old man, but life for all of them was pretty depressing. Every day Lauren's blindness and Nina's deafness reminded them of everything that had happened.
As much as Vicente disapproved of his father's way of acting, he understood this man's difficulties.
Hell, he had gone through the reincarnation experience and had the experience of two lives, but still, he was troubled by it all... So imagine what Andrew shouldn't be going through?
It was understandable that he had no mind to go out and work, that he was devastated.
Vicente disapproved but felt he had to give his old man a break.
"It's okay, father. I'll take care of it, so stay here and get some rest." He said before leaving, leaving one guard to look after his family and departing alongside the other.
...
A few minutes later, Vicente arrived in front of an estate not far from the resort where his family members were.
In front of this place were several palm trees, a silver fence that extended for over 100 meters, and a beautiful lawn.
 At the back was a large estate, which one could easily say belonged to financially wealthy people.
Upon identifying himself at the gate of this property, Vicente quickly got permission to enter and made his way to the front of the property.
When he arrived, a man dressed in a black suit was waiting for him in front of the entrance door.
"Young Fuller, didn't your father come with you? Is there a problem?" The butler of the Murray family asked while smiling.
"Good morning, butler Mason. My father is not feeling well. So I am here to represent him. I hope Baron Murray doesn't mind having to deal with me." Vicente said politely.
"Not at all. Please come with me." That man nodded to Vicente soon after leading the way.
The Seidel Kingdom had a well-defined hierarchy for nobility.
At the bottom of the local hierarchical pyramid, the least prestigious nobles were those members of families with Barons as heads. Above them came those with patriarchs as Viscounts, then Counts, Marquises, and finally, the most important, Dukes.
Dukes were the closest to the king and served as rulers of the provinces. Some of the most important of them were distantly related to the royal family.
Barons, on the other hand, as was the case of the person with whom Vicente's father would do business today, were loyal subjects of the king, usually wealthy people.
Generally, upon reaching some social requirements, these men exchanged their loyalty in exchange for small territories, the size of farms, to rule over.
There was no private property outside the kingdom's cities, towns, and villages, so to administer any land, one had to be part of the nobility.
This gave the nobles advantages over all the other wealthy people in the kingdom, which is why many free men had a common interest in becoming nobles.
This is why a Baron was so rich that he had an estate almost as large as the resort where Vicente and his family were staying and had dozens of people working for them.
Vicent noticed this as he walked through the halls of that estate while butler Mason directed him to Baron Murray's office.
'There are so many maids and workers here...' He discreetly looked at the surroundings.
Vicente knew noble families in the Seidel Kingdom were very different from those in fiction stories he had read on Earth.
These families did not have hundreds of members, armies, and so on. Usually, the noble families of the kingdom had 2 to 3 generations, parents, children, and grandchildren, that is, only close relatives of the nobleman.
Only the leader of the family received the title of nobility, and only the eldest son could inherit it.
With this, there were usually not many members in noble families, usually only the sons of the nobleman, his siblings, and parents, as well as the sons of his heirs.
Besides that it was not considered as part of the family, but distant relatives, who naturally did not have any privileges.
At the same time, only the royal family could have a personal army, so noble powers in this place did not have military forces with dozens of members or more. At most, high-ranking nobles would have a few guards and small groups to protect their main properties.
Hence, everything Vicente saw in this place belonged to a tiny group that couldn't have more than 20 people.
This naturally opened his eyes to the difference in wealth from the lowest title of nobility to an ordinary man like his father.
'Interesting...'



Chapter 22 Negotiation
"Your Grace, Vicente Fuller is here to meet with you."
After these words, Butler Mason opened the office door and allowed Vicente to enter there accompanied by his guard.
Vice and Wesley entered that luxurious room with a beautiful balcony overlooking the beach, a large sofa in the center of the room, two armchairs on the sides, and a table facing a fireplace between them.
All the armchairs and the sofa were in light brown leather, very much in keeping with the vintage look of this place.
In front of the balcony overlooking the beach was a desk, where a middle-aged man was sitting reading some papers, and a man was standing behind him.
This man had a sharp look on his face and a sword hanging from his waist.
Vicente had no way of telling how strong this person was. Still, he judged that such a man was not weak, for Wesley immediately focused his eyes on this individual.
But he knew that the one who had business to attend to was the man with the mustache and black, gray hair reading at that table.
"Your Grace Baron Nate Murray, it is a pleasure to meet you. My father couldn't make it because of a problem, so I'm here to represent him." Vicente said as he approached that man.
Hearing this young man speak, Nate took his eyes off the papers he was reading and looked at Vicente's childish face. "You don't look so much like your father... You must have pulled the traits from your mother's family."
"Hmm, I've been told that several times. Unfortunately, I never met my grandparents or uncles, to be sure." Vicente said, swallowing his sad thoughts on account of Kate's death.
This world's typical family did not consider distant blood ties. After the second degree of kinship, many no longer gave importance to blood ties as they would on Earth.
For example, except in cases where a daughter married to generate benefits for her family, they would typically move away from their family of origin to integrate into their new home, the husband's family.
Therefore, it was common that grandchildren would take years to get to know their maternal grandparents in this society, and they would not normally give so much importance as to make great sacrifices for a member of ANOTHER family.
Vicente was aware of this and did not consider contacting his maternal relatives for now.
That man noticed that Vicente didn't seem disturbed by this comparison and said. "I heard that your mother passed away recently... I am sorry for your loss. It must be hard for a boy like you to go through it."
"Hmm," Vicente said nothing beyond that, closing his eyes momentarily and nodding to the Baron.
"In any case, I hope you won't let this stop you from taking your own journey.
Your father has already told me good things about you, Vicente, so I hope you will continue on the good path you have been on.
You're going to triumph if you keep it up, kid."
"My father has told you about me?" He asked in surprise.
The Baron laughed. "Andrew and I come from different backgrounds. But during our youth, we were partners on a journey...
At that time, we were still trying to discover our magical ways.
He had escaped his master and was away from merchant affairs while I was experiencing time away from the pressure of inheriting my father's position.
We kept in touch after that until we started doing trade, and he told me about you on a few occasions talking business in recent years."
"I see... So you have known each other for a long time." Vicente did not know this since his father had not told him of all his business partners and contacts. "Anyway, thanks for the words, Your Grace. I will try my best."
"Hmm." Baron Murray then said to the man behind him. "Sir River, take that item and give it to Vicente."
Vice looked at that man and was surprised.
It was not easy to be called Sir in this society!
There was another title besides those given to nobles that the king conferred. That was the title of Knight.
This title was usually given to people who entered the royal family army and had merits during their time in such a force.
Sooner or later, they might have the chance to become nobles and receive the title of Baron.
By the way, the proper way to communicate with Knights was to call them Sir.
Upon seeing the first of these warriors, Vicente understood why Wesley was staring at this man.
He was probably powerful!
 As Vicente looked at that man, he placed a small chest in front of him on that table.
"Vicente, I want you to give this to your father later." The Baron commented. "This is nothing but my condolences for your loss...
Anyway, you're here to take care of business, so let's get down to business. How are Andrew's resources? He and I were about to make a deal concerning 10,000 bags of wheat and 5,000 sorghum."
Vicente heard that and asked Wesley to hold up the item the Baron gave to his father. He said. "We have the required amount, but due to our recent problems, it will take us a little longer to make the shipment.
In the meantime, we can lower the price of these resources by a tenth to compensate for the delay.
How about 92 gold coins for the whole amount? We can deliver the resources in a maximum of 5 weeks."
Ninety-two gold coins were not a small amount. Fifty silver coins, or half a gold coin, would be enough for a family of five to live well for a whole month.
But with that amount of grains, Baron Murray could feed many animals and people in his family for weeks or even months.
With any other contact from Nate, he would have to pay at least 110 gold coins for those amounts, so upon hearing Vicente's proposition, the Baron liked what he heard.
But then Vicente said. "But as Your Grace must know, the price we charge is greatly influenced by the transportation. But if we trigger another 5,000 bags, it wouldn't change our transportation cost much.
Why don't we negotiate something more than that? I will certainly keep the discount for Your Grace."
"What other grain do you have?" Nate asked.
"We also have barley and rye. For our other crops, unfortunately, we've already made deals recently. So I don't have much else to trade." Vicente was sincere.
"Hmm, very well, then I'll take 2,500 bags of barley and another 2,500 rye. How much would that cost me?"
"Plus 12 gold coins in total." Vicente did the math quickly, figuring a profit margin good enough for his family but without making the product expensive for the customer.
"So 104 gold coins." The Baron agreed to that price and showed one of his hands to Vicente, not taking the time to close this deal with this boy.
"I will pay a quarter of the amount in the next few days and the rest when you make the delivery."
"All right, in the meantime, I'll advance things by sending some letters to my father's men."
With that said, Vicente finalized his first utterly solo deal, experiencing the feeling of signing a Two-Party Agreement, the type of guarantee commonly used in Polaris Realm.



Chapter 23 Anniversary Eve
Leaving the Baron's office, Vicente again followed in the footsteps of butler Mason as he walked alongside his father's guard.
As he walked through that property, he looked at the surroundings again, as any curious child would do upon entering such a residence.
But what was in Vicente's mind were not childish thoughts.
'In a place like this, there must be a lot of jewelry and gold bars...' He looked in the direction from which he saw a group of women walking.
Jewels and gold bars were reserves of value anywhere, whether on Earth or in Polaris Realm.
One would never have their social and financial position 100% secured, so diversifying their options would always be necessary.
A nobleman could lose their title or even be pursued by a powerful enemy. Since financially well-positioned people had no way to ensure they wouldn't face problems, they needed ways to move their wealth around.
If one had to flee, it would be challenging to use property and warranties that must be sold through legal methods.
Coins could easily become problematic to carry above a certain amount because even though there were magical storage items in this world, normally, even high-level items had small volumes.
Hence there was a demand for high-value items such as gold bars on Earth and jewelry in Polaris Realm.
Vicente knew this was so because of what he had learned from his father and seen in his own family.
Whenever Andrew had savings above a particular value, he sought to buy jewelry and precious stones, items that could easily be taken on an escape.
Knowing this, he readily thought that a place like this must have countless riches in jewelry, not only for women but for men as well.
As a good bandit, he could not ignore the opportunity.
'In the future, I need to approach some other Baron or people with access to their residences.' He thought. 'For the moment, I won't be able to do anything, but the earnings from a theft of property like this could help me significantly.'
"Young Vicente, I hope your sisters improve from their situation." The butler said this as he reached the exit of that estate and said goodbye to this boy.
"Thank you for your words, Butler Mason. I hope to return with the Baron's grain in a few weeks."
"Hmmm."
...
After Vicente's previous encounter with the first Baron he had seen, weeks passed, and the time for Lauren's awakening was coming!
She would be 14 tomorrow, so today was the eve of her magical awakening, the most important moment in the life of magicians in this world.
After months of living as a blind person, she had mastered some of her current senses and gotten used to her life's darkness.
During the last few weeks, she had heard about Nina's treatment, something that was supposed to yield results in the future but which, for the moment, had not changed this girl's situation much.
On the other hand, her brother worked increasingly, making the agreements he should have and had already fulfilled some of them.
Vicente had been spending a lot of time dealing with Andrew's affairs during these months, taking care of the family's economy a little more and easing the burden on his father's shoulders considerably.
Perhaps this was why Andrew had sunk even deeper into his new normal, intensified his drinking, and practically stopped leaving his room.
In the last month, he had not left his room even once, and his daughters did not see or hear him for days.
Only Vicente knew how his old man was doing, but it was out of his control to change what was happening.
On the one hand, he had too many responsibilities to deal with. On the other, even though he was someone mature and with possibilities, he could not boss his father around.
At the end of the day, Andrew was still an adult, and Vicente was still a child!
And so, on the eve of Lauren's awakening, things for the Fuller family had not improved much since the tragedy of months ago.
...
At dusk that day, Vice returned to the apartment at the resort where his family was still staying and sat on a sofa, relaxing his body.
He had just returned from his responsibilities, having participated in a delivery earlier, and then converted part of the coins into valuable items.
His father was not a nobleman, so he had no land to farm. Andrew was not a salesman but a dealer of items.
 Not every noble had the ability to negotiate or have good contacts. Therefore, merchants like him existed to mediate between producers and consumers, whether they were family leaders or ordinary kingdom citizens.
So only a tiny part of the amount collected by Vicente actually belonged to his father.
But for the part that did belong to him, Vicente had readily saved what he deemed necessary to pay for short-term expenses and used the difference to purchase precious items.
He didn't know about tomorrow, but he was sure of the risk of carrying coins around. So whenever he could, he bought high-value-added items that he could carry with him and his sisters.
Today he had done this once again and bought a type of crystal similar to the diamonds on Earth.
Having spent almost the entire day on his feet, as he settled down on that sofa, he closed his eyes and sighed.
From that seat, he could hear Nina playing with some dolls in their room and Lauren walking toward him.
He opened his eyes and saw his sister, who, at the moment, looked much more like an adult than a child.
Her breasts were not large, but their volume was enough for one to easily notice them. On the other hand, Lauren's best attributes from a man's point of view were her legs and hips, which were relatively large for her height.
Vicente saw her and sighed again, knowing he would soon have trouble with her suitors.
Even as a blind girl, she would certainly attract many men with her physical attributes!
At the same time, her face was like Kate's, with soft white skin, pink and plump lips that were hard to ignore.
"Vice, are you back? How was your day?" She asked as she slowly walked towards her brother, with the same apathetic look as always.
Since losing her sight and her mother, she had never smiled and almost always had the same expression on her face.
Vicente looked into Lauren's closed eyes and said. "Hmm, same as always. Nothing out of the ordinary... I got a few more coins for the family."
"That's good." She said, but without showing any sign of satisfaction in her voice.
"What about our Father?" Vicente asked as he looked in the direction of his old man's room.
She moved her head down and said. "He must be in his room. I didn't hear anyone leaving."
"Sigh... Will he go with us tomorrow?" He asked, thinking it would hurt his sister even more if Andrew didn't go.
But she wasn't worried about that.
"Don't worry, Vice. We will be leaving very soon. I believe he will leave with us tomorrow." She said before turning around and returning to her room.
Vicente looked at the door to his father's room and then walked over after a few moments.



Chapter 24 The Magical Awakening 1
"Father, I'm coming in..." Vicente warned before opening the door to Andrew's room as he always did.
As he entered there, he ignored the stench and looked at the man who currently looked more like a human skeleton than a man.
Andrew was sitting in an armchair looking out at the dark sea, with a bottle of drink in one hand and shirtless showing Vicente his ribs.
The hair on Andrew's abdomen had grown a lot in the last months, but what was most striking about him was how thin his skin was, a sign of the low fat percentage on his body.
But not only that, his muscles had atrophied, and he now looked rather sickly, looking much older than he should be at his age.
"What is it, Vicente? I told you, whatever you decide is fine." He said in a quiet, low tone, like the voice of a man dead inside.
But he was dead. Since he had lost Kate, there was no more joy for him in this world.
Caring for his children was a concern, but as Vicente proved more and more capable and Lauren became a woman, his worries about them had been diminishing.
Maybe if he died, he would be less of a burden to his children.
Who knows, maybe he was getting in their way. They could already live without him. Andrew had noticed this in the last few weeks.
These thoughts had been going through his mind recently, so when he saw Vicente approaching him, he couldn't help but wonder what this boy wanted.
Vicente said. "Father, tomorrow is Lauren's 14th birthday. Won't you be attending her awakening?"
"Birthday?" He looked over and saw how his son had grown over the past few months.
Vincent would be 11 years old in a short time and was currently around 1.65 meters tall and 57 kilos. He looked like Kate's father when such a man was younger.
Seeing this, Andrew remembered when he first met Kate and closed his eyes. "So by tomorrow Lauren will be going through her magical awakening... Time does go by fast."
Vicente clenched his fists behind his back but said nothing to his old man.
Despite everything, he respected this man a lot and didn't think it was fair to lecture him now when Andrew was at rock bottom.
Was it right for a son to raise his voice to his father?
Perhaps neglecting his children was terrible, but at least Andrew was not hindering them or causing them harm with his actions. He was only destroying himself.
But then Vice saw his father get up and paid attention to what he was doing.
"All right, I have to get ready for tomorrow. After Kate wakes up, we'll go back." He said.
'Kate?' Vicente heard that, and his eyes narrowed. 'Are you just drunk or...'
Gulp!
"Lauren, Father. Lauren's awakening."
"Yes, exactly. We'll come home after that. So I'm counting on you to get everything ready, son." Andrew smiled at Vicente and then went into the bathroom.
...
The next day dawned a foggy day in Saltstar City.
Although the current season has warm climates, the skies of this coastal city dawned gray with heavy clouds, with signs of an approaching storm.
The sea was rough, and the waves were meters higher than normal.
The wind coming from the sea was strong, and the people of this city dawned leaving their houses wrapped in warm clothes, along with the silence of the cold days.
Amid this, Vicente left the resort next to his family, carrying Nina in his arms while walking next to Lauren.
Andrew stood in front of them, dressed in a nice suit, but one that currently looked odd on him, given the pounds he had lost.
On the other hand, even in her normal mood for recent months, Lauren was dressed in a beautiful yellow dress, a gift from her mother when they had left Martell Village.
She looked very good in it, with her well-defined curves and practically flawless skin.
She didn't want to wear it today, but her brother had convinced her. As much as her mood did not match the warmth of her mother's chosen outfit, Kate had chosen this dress for this moment, and wearing it was a way to honor her.
 So the group of them got into a carriage, and without delay, they were on their way to the Awakening Temple in the central area of this city.
"Older sister, are you ready? Eager to awaken your magical abilities?" Vicente asked Lauren on the way there.
"No. I'm looking forward to going home." She dryly said.
Lauren knew her parents' talents, so she had no expectations of achieving anything different from them.
On the other hand, her magical powers should be similar to her parents', so she would probably get a Magic Gem that would give her powers over common elements.
There was no reason for her to create expectations for this moment!
Vicente understood his sister and did not question her.
'Awakening connects us more deeply to our affinities, gives us an innate ability that comes with the first Magic Pentagram, and enhances all our senses...
But that is in proportion to our talents.' Vice closed his eyes.
A great talent would attract a better-ranked Magic Gem and naturally lead the magician to a more spectacular fate.
The Magic Pentagram that would form amidst the absorption of the Magic Gem would be of the best possible quality, and its ability could develop with that of the magician.
But this was for a magician of good talent. A poorly talented one would achieve the bare minimum, not enough to generate euphoria in someone like Vicente or Lauren.
So when they arrived in front of the Awakening Temple, only Nina was interested in the surroundings, looking curiously to the sides.
She saw that building that looked like a large coliseum, five stories high, red and black, with various golden symbols here and there.
Vicente and his family followed the directions indicated by signs in the surroundings, joining a group of a few dozen people there also for the awakening of their relatives.
Only the person undergoing the awakening could enter the Awakening Platform. Still, family members, friends, and even onlookers could follow this moment from the temple galleries.
The awakening was very special, so everyone around seemed happy, the only exception being Vicente's group.
When they arrived at the temple entrance, there were two ways to enter. One was the entrance for the young people who would undergo the awakening, and the other was the entrance to the galleries.
Some men stood in front of the entrance indicating where people should go.
"Who in your group is going to awaken the magical abilities?" One of them asked the group in front of Vicente's.
"My son, senior." A middle-aged man said, grinning from ear to ear.
"Has he already turned 14, or will he be later?" That same man asked.
For some reason, the awakening happened in the middle of the day. But only young people with their full 14 years could go through the awakening.
So young people born after 12 o'clock had to awaken their abilities the next day. Only those born before that could awaken on this day.
"Yes, he is a full 14 years old." That man stated.
"Very well, he can follow that direction." The temple man indicated with his fingers, showing the path where that young man would run soon after.
Then it was the turn of Vicente's group.
"My daughter is the one who will awaken her abilities," Andrew said. "And she's already a full 14 years old."
"Then she can come this way." One of the men there said that but then Vicente asked.
"Senior, my sister is blind. Can I accompany her? I promise not to walk away at the appropriate time." He said, drawing attention from the people in the surrounding area.



Chapter 25 The Magical Awakening 2
"Blind?"
"A blind girl will go through the awakening? That's a new one. I've never heard of blind people using magic, haha!"
"But some disabled people use magic..."
"None of them can fight, let alone a blind one! What difference does it make to have magical abilities and not be able to use them?"
Several people murmured in the vicinity of the entrance to the Awakening Temple while Lauren heard all that.
But in the darkness of her life, there was no way she could care about the sharp comments of mere strangers.
What difference did it make to her that these people spoke of her like that? Hell, she had lost her mother and her sight at the same time!
To bring her down, one would have to do much more than just comment on her blindness!
But Vicente didn't like some of those comments. He pressed his teeth together and glanced out of the corner of his eye at some of those people in line to enter the Awakening Temple.
The man in front of them frowned and looked intently at the girl with her eyes closed.
Using his mana, he could tell that it wasn't a lie.
'There is no mana circulating through her eyes... This girl has totally lost her sight.' He thought, imagining that it would really be difficult for her to move around the temple without help.
No temple official was allowed to treat young people who came daily to awaken their powers any differently, so they couldn't help Lauren.
However, there was a way for him to authorize Vicente.
"As long as you don't stay near her at the time of awakening, it's okay for you to take her there and then pick her up." This person said, not caring whether or not it was useless for Lauren to go through the awakening.
If asked, he would say that this young lady would not go far, even if she had good talents. But he had no reason to make Lauren's life difficult, and it was her problem to decide to go through awakening.
"Hmm, I promise not to get in the way of anything, senior. I'll just take her there and pick her up when it's all over." Vicente said before that man dressed about the same as the other temple staff stepped out of his way, giving way.
"To family and friends, proceed through the alternate entrance." He said as he looked at the guards beside Andrew and Nina.
This man made a strange expression as he smelled the scent coming from Andrew, watching him in disgust.
A woman next to this man, also dressed in some sort of black cloak with a half-moon symbol, looked back, seeing Andrew and his people entering that building.
"Poor children..." She muttered.
"They look fine to me." Another man said this, also dressed in the cloak of temple officials. "Better to have an alcoholic father than nothing. They at least seem to have coins..."
"Hmm, some people have a lot less."
...
After entering the Awakening Temple, Vicente directed Lauren through the wide corridors of this place, where there were directions that made it easy for anyone for the first time there.
On his way, he saw several pictures and images on the walls of these well-lit corridors.
Some pictures were more challenging to understand, with representations of things that Vicente did not understand what they were about.
But several others had images of Magic Gems.
Magic Gems were fantastic things that had origins not yet understood by the magicians of this world, with infinite possibilities.
It was said that there were a few types of Magic Gems. Yet, when they connected with magicians, they differentiated into forms different from their natural states. So it was very difficult to find similar ones.
Only within the same family could one find people with similar Magic Gems. But even these gems would generate different abilities in relatives with similar capabilities.
Vicente saw a few types of Magic Gems in his way in these representations.
In general, Magic Gems showed in their form the talent level of their owners, but also their rank.
Their rank was the same as Magic Pentagrams, varying between red and violet colors, with one representing the lowest level and the other the highest.
But beyond this, each one had a shape. Some were triangular, others were circular, among other geometric figures.
 The most common ones were triangular, circular, and square. But there were special shapes. These shapes were related to the magicians' powers.
If they were common shapes, then the elemental affinity type would not form awe-inspiring powers. If they were special, then that magician's abilities would be impressive.
Vicente knew the basic theory behind it, and seeing some of those Magic Gems, he couldn't help but be curious about what his sister's would look like.
Kate's had a yellow circular gem, while Andrew had an orange triangular one.
He didn't know any of his other close relatives besides his parents, so he thought Lauren's would be similar to one of these two types.
With this in mind, he reached the end of the last corridor, where a flight of stairs led to a very well-lit area.
As he climbed that, Vicente continued describing the surroundings to Lauren until they reached the platform in the middle of that coliseum.
"Vicente?" Lauren asked in a low voice as she realized her brother had stopped talking.
But Vicente couldn't help but open his mouth and say nothing for a moment, looking at this place's surroundings.
This looked like an ordinary fighting platform, surrounded by the coliseum galleries, where the public could follow the daily awakenings.
But this coliseum was completely covered. On the ceiling was a constellation of precious stones the size of grapes, each as bright as stars in the night sky.
Some were brighter than others, but in general, they looked very similar.
The black ceiling favored the circumstances, making the ceiling look like a piece of sky.
Meanwhile, in the center of that platform was what appeared to be a black obelisk, but not quite to the point where there seemed to be nothing there.
Vicente looked at that and immediately realized that this was no ordinary construction.
"Vicente?" Lauren asked again, looking in the direction of her brother's face.
"Hmm, that... Cough, we are at the place where you will go through the awakening along with the others. It's amazing, big sister. If you could see it, you'd be impressed." He commented, still looking at the surroundings, noticing that there were already about 30 young people of the same age as Lauren around.
Some of them were looking in his direction. After all, he looked too young to be there.
But no one approached him or tried to question him. Everyone was looking forward to their awakening, so it mattered little what this child's situation was.
"Is that so? Then it is a shame." Lauren said, but she really didn't care if this place looked fantastic.
Then one of the few staff members at the Awakening Temple approached Vicente and Lauren. "Hey, how did you get in here, kid?"
Vicente saw that tall, perfectly shaped woman with a black cloak hiding part of her beauty, but which obviously was unable to do so.



Chapter 26 The Magical Awakening 3
He looked into the red eyes of this redhead and said politely. "Senior, my sister is blind. I have been authorized by someone else to bring her here."
"Oh?" That woman looked at Lauren and felt a bit of pity.
But soon, she turned her attention back to Vicente. "What's her name?"
"Lauren."
That redhead looked at the young black-haired girl next to Vicente and said. "Lauren, you are already at the awakening site. Just stay where you are. You won't need to move from now on."
"OK." She said.
"As for you, little lad, come with me." She said as she grabbed Vicente's shirt and practically dragged him out of there.
"Uh? Hey, let go of me. I can walk by myself!" Vicente yelled at this woman, but she just smiled at him.
As she stepped off that platform, she stopped dragging him.
"You will accompany your sister's Awakening by my side. During the Awakening, no one but children who are 14 years old and without a Magic Gem may be on the platform.
A younger child or an adult with a Magic Gem could suffer drastic consequences if they were in there during the Awakening."
"Is that so?" Vice straightened his clothes and asked, looking at this beautiful woman. "Has it ever happened that someone outside those parameters stayed there during Awakening?"
"Hmm, several times. So we know about the danger of doing that." She said, observing the surroundings. "Many have tragically died doing that..."
Gulp!
Vicente looked into that woman's eyes with a solemn expression. "Is that why we can't have more than one Magic Gem?"
Given how amazing it was to have only one Magic Gem, many had already considered the possibility of having two of them simultaneously!
Unfortunately or fortunately, this was impossible, as gems connected to souls. To have two of them, one would have to have two souls!
"Hmm, without a space to add a second Magic Gem, the person who went through a second awakening would suffer a mental and physical collapse, with chances of more than 80% of their soul being obliterated.
If one were very talented, even if one didn't die, that person would still be crippled in every imaginable way." She didn't see a problem in answering this child's questions.
As a member of the Awakening Temple, it was part of her duties to pursue knowledge regarding the Magic Gems and Pentagrams, and she loved to talk about the subject.
Vicente didn't know her but could see it in her countenance.
Even as she taught him while observing the surroundings, this woman had satisfaction in her voice.
Time would quickly pass, and soon more than 50 14-year-olds would be on the Awakening Platform, waiting for the clock on one of the side walls there to strike the middle of the day.
There were only a few minutes left, so the chatter of family, friends, and onlookers was slowly diminishing as this special moment arrived.
But while Vicente was watching his sister, feeling his hands sweating, Andrew and Nina stood in front of the glass wall that overlooked the waking platform.
Andrew was looking at his daughter, waiting to see if she would inherit his or Kate's characteristics.
In this world, you couldn't be sure of that until the day of the Awakening, so he was focused on watching her, waiting for that sign.
He wished she would inherit Kate's characteristics since she was more talented than him.
If that was the case, then he could finally be reassured about his children's future.
Kate did not have great magical talent, but she had at least reached the end of the 2nd stage.
If Lauren was like Kate, even blind, she could help Nina and Vicente somehow.
'Kate, oh, Kate, if only I had been the one to die, our children would have a better life.' He lamented as he closed his eyes.
Unlike Kate, he had no living relatives. It was just him and his children. Thus, Vicente and his sisters had no one to rely on since their grandparents were unlikely to help them, which is different from what happened with paternal grandparents in this world.
While Andrew was lamenting, Nina was not paying attention to her old man. All she had on her mind was this fantastic place and the desire to awaken her magical talents one day.
'One day I will come here just like big sister and finally help her and big brother!' She thought, more excited than her family members.
 Luckily small children overcame losses faster, and even though she was deaf and motherless, Nina could already smile and imagine a better future.
She had trouble walking and was deaf. But so what? One day she could control the mana in her body and become a magician!
This was the thought of this little girl...
Finally, the central clock in that area struck noon, and bells rang from a large bell on the top of the fifth floor of the Awakening Temple.
In that instant, everyone in the surrounding area came to a complete stop with any remaining conversations or even vague thoughts.
The platform where the 14-year-olds stood began to transform as the dark obelisk in the center of the zone changed color, becoming extremely bright, so white that no one could look directly at it.
Mana condensed in the surroundings, forming something similar in appearance to water but much less physical as if it were a mirage.
Those seeing it for the first time opened their eyes wide, subtly noticing the energy they felt in their bodies.
As Vicente paid attention to this, noticing the 'stars' on the ceiling trembling, a voice said.
"Young people, welcome to my temple for the Awakening Ceremony.
I wish you all the best. I hope everyone here today to awaken their skills will reach their peak and win in their journeys.
Go on, seek your desires, become magicians, and bring the world your uniqueness!
I look forward to meeting the next Archmage of Polaris Realm!
Will they appear here? I sincerely hope so!
Get your Magic Gems!"
The voice said as the children and teenagers took deeper breaths, extremely touched by these words.
Archmage... What was an Archmage?
That was the title of the strongest magician known to millions around this continent!
But as they tried to identify where this powerful voice came from, the obelisk in the center of that area shot up a special energy along with the last words of the master of this temple.
Then...
Several of the gems stuck in the ceiling of this place, glowing brightly in the same color as the obelisk, shot up from the ceiling, flying in complicated trajectories.
But quickly, several of them took their way, 'choosing' their owners, those most compatible with them in the area under analysis.
Some of the young people on that platform felt a little afraid at the sight of these gems flying at top speed toward them, but even the most uncertain ones didn't move.
In the blink of an eye, these gems quickly approached their owners, crashing into their foreheads like a revolver bullet.
Vicente saw one of these shiny things hitting the area between his sister's eyes and couldn't help but feel his heart leap faster in his chest.
But he knew that this was normal procedure and that it would not hurt his sister.
Even someone who failed to connect to a Magic Gem had very little chance of being injured during the Awakening.
And so Lauren felt something warm penetrating her forehead, noting that her Awakening was already happening.
'What will I get?
Sigh! Unfortunately, I won't even be able to see what the shape of my Magic Gem looks like... Will it be as beautiful as my mother's?'



Chapter 27 Laurens Result
"Wow! A yellow Magic Gem!"
"Not only that, that gem has a different shape! Look, it looks like a pentagon!"
Voices boomed in the galleries of the Awakening Temple as the first young people on the awakening platform had their gems take shape.
Most of the people in that place were forming ordinary Magic Gems, in triangular, square, and circular shapes, usually in red color.
But some formed slightly different gems, and one of these young people even got a yellow gem!
The color of the gem was related to the quality of the talent, so by presenting a Yellow talent, that blond-haired young man immediately stood out among the many ordinary people there.
People with yellow Magic Gems had good potential compared to most people in this world. If they were lucky and worked hard, it wouldn't be impossible for them to become Mages!
As for the pentagonal shape, this was a gem variant not as common as those three shapes. As such, when that young man won it, everyone started talking about him.
The shape of the gem was not related to talent, but talent could be enhanced by some powers.
By gaining a Magic Gem of a rarer shape, this boy's abilities would naturally be more unique than those of people with the most common three forms.
Through this, he could more easily reach the 3rd stage!
"Incredible! The youngster over there is not bad at all." Someone on the top floor of this building said this while watching from his exclusive room the Awakening of this group.
"Indeed, we can recruit him later." A red-haired man said this while standing behind the other person sitting in an armchair.
The Awakening was not only a time for children to level up and gain mastery over their mana. It was also a time for regional forces to recruit talent!
In general, people with Magic Gems in the three most common formats and the colors Red, Orange, and Yellow did not have much potential, and their limit would probably be the 5th Acolyte Triangle.
However, youngsters with Gems in other formats and of Yellow color or higher had the potential to exceed this limit.
With the potential to become Mages, that young man was interesting to draw into local forces!
For these forces, people with lower potential did not attract their attention, so they did not recruit such people. But Mages could be considered experts in this society.
So there would always be observers in temples like this one to do the work that these people there were interested in doing after the Awakening Ceremony was over!
Vicente looked momentarily at that young man who was already grinning from ear to ear, noticing how this person's Magic Gem had formed something relatively unusual.
But he didn't think much of that person and turned his attention back to Lauren.
"What's taking so long?" He muttered to himself.
The woman next to him heard this and said. "The Awakening usually lasts less than a minute. But it can vary greatly from person to person.
Some will awaken after only a few seconds. Others will take the whole minute.
Usually, this is associated with two things. One, the talent and magical form. Those with promising talents and more refined magical forms usually need more time to finish their Awakening.
The other case..." She paused for a moment, looking at Lauren uncertainly. "The other case is associated with the inability to finish the Awakening.
Attracting a Magic Gem is not enough to finish or say the Awakening was successful. One has to display the shape and color of his gem to be considered awakened.
So there is a possibility that someone who has drawn a gem fails and cannot awaken their abilities."
As she finished saying this, Vicente clenched his fists and took a deeper breath, fearing that this was the case for his sister.
Considering all that had happened and his family's endless bad luck, he didn't think that possibility was behind the delay in the formation of Lauren's Magic Gem.
"Lauren..."
Meanwhile, Lauren felt her entire body warm, noticing the mana in her agitated as if it were water bubbling up.
Except for her eyes, every part of her body was burning to the point that she was almost screaming in pain. But her pain was not excruciating to the point that she had to show the world her weakness.
No, for someone who had been through everything she had experienced in the past few months, this would have to be much worse to make her open her mouth and scream.
So to everyone in the surrounding area, her pain went unnoticed, while she strangely kept her inexpressive expression.
 Her eyes remained closed, and she was motionless, with her hands clasped but not showing any force.
Simultaneously, her mind was spinning while a craving to vomit came and went, trying to bring her down somehow.
'What is it? Why am I feeling so strange?' She wondered, holding herself together so as not to miss the opportunity to awaken her abilities.
Lauren didn't expect much from her Awakening but believed she had enough to get a fully formed Magic Gem. Not getting it would be a surprise to her.
At the same time, she couldn't help but wonder because the sensations she felt for her body were not described in any of the books she had come into contact with at the Academy of Stars.
But the situation in her body drew the attention of a man watching the platform.
A person fully dressed in black, with his face covered and alone on the top level of that place, in one of the VIP rooms, stood up and closer to the glass wall in front of him.
'This girl...' His eyes narrowed, and he could see the mana flow in Lauren's body. 'Hmm, let's see what you will form.'
He saw her mana concentrating on her forehead and stood watching, seeing little by little that glowing thing on her forehead diminishing in its intensity.
The Magic Gem merged with Lauren at that moment, with only 5 seconds left before the end of the Awakening Ceremony.
When it successfully connected to her, its glow diminished until the first people noticed Lauren's magical form!
"What?"
"That..."
"That's the Scythe!"
All the men and women in the last level of the Awakening Temple stood up to gaze at this very rare form of Magic Gem.
As they voiced, the gem on Lauren's forehead stopped glowing, revealing the shape of a fingernail-sized Scythe in an extremely vivid Green.
"Green! Green talent!"
"Amazing! I never thought I would see something so unique and beautiful!"
"This girl has a victorious future ahead of her! With this Magic Gem, she will become a Mage in a few decades!"
Immediately comments on all temple levels boomed, making the previously silent surroundings extremely noisy.
Vicente saw this and almost cried with happiness for his sister, feeling the tension from moments ago go away as joy flooded his heart.
"Green! Plus, the shape is unusual!" He said as the woman beside him looked seriously at Lauren. "Miss, my sister is a genius!"
However, that woman was not so happy for Vice and Lauren. "Hmm, I just don't know if this is a good thing for her, kid..."
When she said that, three people suddenly appeared in Lauren's surroundings the instant after the day's Awakening Ceremony ended.



Chapter 28 Recruitment
The instant the awakening of all the young people on that platform ended, the obelisk stopped glowing and became black as before.
But while the young people, still happy about their awakenings, were grinning from ear to ear, three magicians appeared on that platform, drawing everyone's attention.
The three appeared around Lauren, each already with their mana in motion, instantly raising the pressure on everyone in the surrounding area.
Without most of the people in the temple watching the awakening of their friends and family members understanding, one of those men shouted.
"William, The Barbarian of Nixlas. Get away from this girl. My Temple of Seeton wishes to recruit this girl!" A blond man dressed in dark blue armor said this to the man dressed all in black.
The man in black was already holding Lauren's neck, not even giving this girl time to try to comprehend the very improvements and skills she had just gained.
After the formation of the Magic Gem, a Magic Pentagram would form, and the youth would immediately feel their powers after the elevation of their features.
But Lauren didn't even have a second for that when she felt someone squeezing her neck.
William, The Barbarian of Nixlas, heard that and smiled, making everyone in the surroundings shiver with the tone of his laughter. "This girl has a Scythe... Who do you think she has an affinity with? With you pure ones? Or with us, the dark ones?"
"If she doesn't come with us, she won't go anywhere!" The other man who had also appeared on that platform said this as his black hair trembled, given his body's violent mana.
"Is that so?" That man with his face hidden asked as his surroundings seemed to be freezing.
"William, you can't take this girl like this. She didn't even choose to go with you!" The blond man brandished, but neither he nor the other man moved.
They both knew that dark magicians like William were stronger than those at the same level as them who did not follow forbidden arts.
So they were both cautious!
"Hahaha, choosing? That's for the strong! This girl will still have to run a long way for that. Today she's coming with me!" He shouted while the young people in the surrounding area were already faint from the pressure the three of them were generating.
Vicente saw this from outside that platform and tried to run toward his sister.
However, before he could do so, the woman next to him held him back.
"Are you crazy? These people are Mages! The one holding your sister is at the peak of that stage! What are you going to do?" She asked him as she held Vicente's arms and legs.
"I don't know! Something! I can't allow my sister to be taken!" He shouted.
Unfortunately, he didn't have the strength to overcome this woman. "Boy, that's not reality! See, your sister is out of your reach!
I told you that was not a good thing for her. Someone without a good background but with a good talent will naturally suffer!
That's her reality! It can't be helped!"
For Vice and his family, that was the reality.
Being talented was definitely positive. But if one did not have a good background or people to rely on, having talent could attract a lot of problems.
One could be taken by force by powerful groups or even eliminated so they would not grow into a new expert.
As foundationless people, this was beyond their control!
Andrew saw this and held Nina tightly in his arms but did nothing.
Unlike Vicente, he knew there was nothing for them to do.
"Damn it!"
He fell to his knees on the ground, while little Nina couldn't understand why those men were around her older sister.
Their two guards saw this and whined once again, changing the smiling expressions they had a few breaths ago.
"Cough... What... What's happening? Cough! Who's there? Who's hanging me?" Lauren managed to say something with great difficulty as those people stood around her.
"Oh? Can't you see me?" That man, all in black, asked, but soon he and the others realized she was blind.
"It doesn't matter. Blind or not, your talent is useful to the Nixlas' Shadows!" He said before a huge Pentagram appeared beside one of his arms, glowing in a Yellow hue.
"Damn it! The fucking bastard is really going to fight!"
 "Let's fight together temporarily!"
Those two men said to each other.
However, as they prepared to fight, bat wings as big as that man's body appeared from his back.
"See you next time, hahahahaha!"
With those words, he flew out of there with Lauren, leaving those two men behind, waiting for the attack.
"Shit! Don't let him get away! We have to stop him!"
The two other Mages ran right away, at a disadvantage since they couldn't fly like their enemy.
"NOOOOOOOOO!"
Vicente screamed with all his breath as he watched his older sister being taken away, unable to do anything.
"LAUREN! LAUREN!"
He shouted, reaching for his sister's ears, but it was too late...
Tears dripped from Vicente's eyes while his lips formed terrible outlines.
The woman holding him released him, feeling sorry for this boy.
'Poor things... And she had to be taken right away by that person.' She looked at the place where those Mages had left and sighed.
"Boy, forget about your sister. She has a good talent, but for the place she is being taken, there is no hope of her escaping.
She will eventually become one of them or die. Regardless of the cases, you will never see her the same way you did before."
"What does that mean? Who was that person?" He asked amid his despair.
"Never mind about that. It won't do you any good to know." She said, feeling that it would be better to hide the truth so that this child would have a chance to live in a normal way. "It will be better if you consider that she died. It will be better for everyone to consider that..."
After those words, she took one of Vicente's shoulders and squeezed it gently.
Vicente wanted to scream at her, but as he felt that squeeze, his sight darkened, and he lost control over his own body.
Before he fell to the ground unconscious, this woman picked him up by his clothes and ordered someone to take him to his family.
...
Later that day, news of what had happened at the Awakening Temple was already circulating in Saltstar City.
Amid this, Vicente had been delivered to his family, and his group had returned to the resort where they were staying.
There he lay in his room, still unconscious, going over and over what had happened to his sister.
Once again, someone important had been taken from him!
Amidst his nightmares, he slowly recovered from the earlier knockout, opening his eyes to face reality.
'Lauren...'
"Lauren!" He shouted as he opened his eyes and raised his upper body.



Chapter 29 At the Bottom of the Well
When he awoke from his unconscious state, Vicente looked at his surroundings a little agitated, soon identifying that he was back in the room where he and his sisters had been living for the past few months.
He saw Nina lying beside him, sleeping while the marks of her crying could still be seen on her face.
Realizing what had happened, Vicente felt himself again in a passive position, losing yet another important person but unable to do anything about it.
"Damn it! What do I do? The older sister has been taken!" He shouted to himself, furious.
The contours on his face looked more distinct at the moment, while his look that seemed to no longer contain any childish naivety would make more sentimental people moved by his situation.
Vicente was not even 11 years old, but he had already experienced tragedies that few adults ever had.
This world was chaotic, and dangers were lurking in every corner. But still, most people did not have to see their mother dying brutally, nor their sister being taken away by strangers.
Death eventually caught up with everyone, but many people at least lost their loved ones in less extreme ways.
The burden on Vicente was not small!
He got up from his bed and almost exploded with anger. Still, in the presence of his little sister, he did not show his violent side by attacking things in his surroundings.
"Big brother?" Nina asked.
She was deaf but could already speak when she lost her hearing.
Nina had avoided speaking since then, as she felt pretty uncomfortable. But she was fully capable of doing so.
Upon hearing Nina's sweet voice, Vice stopped trembling with anger but did not look back, as the look on his face would definitely scare his younger sister.
"Big brother, what shall we do? Big sister has been taken away..." She said in a crying tone, as her little eyes watered.
Vicente closed his eyes and tried not to show his pain to Nina.
He turned to Nina and smiled, taking her in his arms and hugging her.
He was learning sign language, but Nina was still a long way from communicating with it, so all Vicente could do was write to her.
'It will be all right. Big sister is talented and will one day find her way back to us.' He wrote to her, showing confidence.
Nina was easy to fool, so she soon accepted her brother's lie, believing that they would just have to wait for Lauren and one day she would return.
Thinking how much better this was compared to the situation of her mother, who would never return, she felt quite relieved.
Vicente left his little sister in her room and put on a shirt before going in search of his father.
As he came out of his room, he ran into one of the two guards hired by Andrew.
That man had a terrible expression on his face while the other guard was facing the door to Andrew's room, where some people Vicente didn't know were.
"Soren, what's wrong? Who are these people?" He asked as he looked strangely at his old man's room.
Soren clenched his fists and avoided looking into this child's eyes. 'How do I tell him that?" He wondered.
"Sigh... Vicente, I'm sorry. Your father became ill after we returned from the Awakening Temple. We called a doctor, but..."
Gulp!
Vicente rushed to the door of his father's room amid Soren's speech. He quickly saw the doctor who attended to Andrew gathering his things.
Meanwhile, Andrew's body lay stiff on his bed, his skin already with a coloration that indicated that he was no longer alive.
Andrew had died!
"... But he couldn't take it. I'm sorry, but your father is already dead." Soren finished saying, feeling sorry for this boy and the girl in that room.
Vicente's eyes fluttered as he understood what had happened, and he fell to his knees on the floor, not understanding how this was possible.
The doctor saw the son of that man and said. "Boy, I am sorry for your loss. Your father was very weakened and could not withstand the heart attack he had.
Unfortunately, his will to live was no longer there, and he didn't try to fight."
 With those words, this man stopped in front of Vicente and massaged this young man's head, wishing him good luck before he left.
When everyone had left, only Andrew's guards and Vicente, besides Nina, remained inside that apartment.
"What do we do now?" Wesley asked in a low voice to Soren.
Soren stood up from where he was and walked over to where Vicente was still kneeling in silence.
"Vicente, your father paid us to take you back to Martell Village... So you need to decide what you will do from now on." Soren said. "We will abide by what was agreed to with Andrew if you want, but we can do something else too. It's up to you.
However, when our contract work days end, we will leave. So think carefully about what you are going to do."
Vicente was very confused at the moment, so he said. "Can you give me 1 hour to think about it? I'm not feeling well right now."
"Of course. We'll wait outside." Soren said before calling Wesley and leaving Vicente alone in that room.
...
"Hey, what are you doing? Andrew hadn't paid us for this yet." Wesley asked his companion, not understanding what Soren had in mind.
Soren sighed and asked. "How long have we known Andrew, ten years? Maybe more?"
"Around that."
"Well, we earned quite a bit working for him. He also paid all our expenses from the beginning of the trip, and now these two children are alone... Let's give them a chance and get them to the village." Soren said, looking in the direction of where Vicente should be.
Wesley heard this and agreed.
He liked his coins, but after everything that had happened and his history of service to Andrew, he couldn't help but think that simply abandoning these two children would be wrong.
"But why did you say Andrew left this paid for? We could just tell the boy that we were going to return to the village anyway and bring them with us."
Soren expressed. "I don't want him to think he owes us anything. Let's just give it to them without informing them, and then we'll leave. What happens from then on will have no bearing on us.
If he gets over this difficult time, who knows what might happen? We will avoid too much closeness with him by pretending to do one last service while keeping doors open for future business with him.
If everything goes wrong, he won't see us as a friend who can take trouble. But if everything goes well, he might hire us knowing we keep our agreements."
"Oh? That makes sense!" Wesley agreed.
Soon Vicente would make up his mind and call the two.
"All right, I've given it enough thought. I want to go back to Martell Village. I hope you two can escort my sister and me there safely." Vicente said seriously, thinking about taking over his old man's position and starting his life alongside Nina in a place he already knew.



Chapter 30 The Suspicious Vicente
After Vicente's decision, quickly, a month and a half had passed!
Having made up his mind about the near future of his sister and his, Vicente had prepared Nina and collected everything essential for them to take back to Martell Village.
He also got a coffin before he left Saltstar City, something he intended to use to carry his father to Martell Village.
Unfortunately, Vicente's plans for his father had not worked out, and after a week of traveling, Soren and Wesley had to advise him to bury Andrew early.
They had nothing to preserve the body, so if they continued traveling like that, they would have a problem because of the terrible smell of a corpse.
Therefore, Vicente had improvised, together with his fellow travelers, a small funeral for Andrew on the road. After saying goodbye to his father with his sister, the two men buried the coffin, and young Fuller made an item to mark his father's resting place.
He had left behind a cross on the spot where he had buried his old man.
Vicente was not a religious person in his other life. Still, he did not doubt the existence of something from a higher dimension.
He had been part of a mafia family in which the Don firmly believed in the existence of God, so he had some customs from earthly religions.
After burying his old man, he and Nina had traveled alongside Soren and Wesley without any problems over the next few weeks, retracing the route they had taken to go to Saltstar City.
Finally, this afternoon they spotted Martell Village in the distance, this place they had left in an entirely different number months ago.
...
Seeing the little Martell Village getting closer and closer, Vicente took a deep breath while he had an inexpressive look on his face.
Returning to this place after this horrible trip was not easy for him. But Vice was determined to start his projects in this place.
'How must Rory be?' He wondered. 'I'll talk to him about what happened. If he is not interested in joining my family, I will not insist.
Not everyone has the stomach to deal with my life's problems.'
With that in mind, Vicente would soon see his group's carriage pass through the village's dirt streets, heading toward his family's estate.
Seeing that place through the window, Nina could not hold back her tears and hugged her brother tightly.
'Don't worry. Big brother will never leave you, Nina.' He wrote to her. 'Soon you will turn 5, so I will put you in the Academy of Stars. In the meantime, I will deal with everything else. You don't have to worry about anything.'
She shook her little head, indicating she would do as he decided.
When the carriage stopped, he soon descended with Nina in his arms while those two men unloaded the things from the carriage.
"Vicente, that's all," Wesley said as he stopped in front of that child in the entrance hall of that residence.
As he finished putting all the belongings of those two in that place, Soren looked at Vicente and asked. "What are you going to do now?"
Vice heard this and said. "I am going to take care of my sister. Work with my father's business and eventually awaken my magical talents. That's all for now..."
"That's good. When you go through the Awakening Ceremony, if you want, look us up. We can make you a special price to take you to the city you choose." Soren commented before saying goodbye to Vicente and Nina.
So the two were alone in that large house, so large that they felt as if something was wrong with just them being there.
"Big brother, can I sleep with you?" Nina asked him, afraid to be alone in her room.
Vice immediately agreed before climbing the stairs to the second floor with all of his and Nina's things.
After arranging everything in his room, he brought Nina's bed and placed it next to his where she could sleep next to him.
She was just a child and his sister, so it would be okay for the two of them to sleep together for the time being.
When he finished doing this, it was already night in Martell Village, and he quickly cooked what little he knew to make something for Nina and him.
When they finished eating, he was about to go to sleep with Nina to prepare for the next day, but then someone knocked on his door.
Pa! Pa!
"Andrew, I heard you returned. It's me, Jesse." Vicente's father's most trusted man called out, eager to talk to his boss about some matters.
Vicente ran to the second floor of that house and opened the door. "Jesse, are you here to discuss something important with my father?" He asked.
 This was a difficult world to access information or stay current on situations far away from you.
There were means of communication, and there were also periodicals that carried important news. But these media were not easily accessible. Far-reaching communication was only feasible for well-positioned magicians in this society. At the same time, newspapers did not reach villages like this.
And even if newspapers reached places like this, they would never report something like Kate's or Andrew's deaths.
As such, that man was not aware of the situation of Vicente's parents.
"Yeah, where is he, Vice?" Jesse looked through the door and saw only Nina upstairs, looking at them near the stairs.
Vicente looked at this man for a moment and said nothing.
Vincente's father trusted Jesse a lot, but he had been through a lot recently and remembered what had happened on Earth more than ever.
He didn't want to be betrayed again!
"My father had some problems and stayed in Saltstar City with Lauren and my mother." Vice lied. "Since Nina is about to begin her studies at the Academy of Stars, I returned with her while they stayed there."
"Oh? I didn't expect that." Jesse said with surprise. "What's the problem that made them stay behind?"
"It seems Lauren has a higher grade talent than our parents. Someone invited her to join a clan." Vicente made it up.
But the person who had taken her was really a member of a clan.
As already said, noble families in this state had no right to form army-like groups. Only the royal family could do that. However, there were organizations in Polaris Realm, which crossed state boundaries, and were sometimes even stronger than states like the Seidel Kingdom.
These organizations were usually either clans or sects.
Vicente didn't know which clan was behind Lauren's kidnapping, but he knew that she had been taken by a group like that.
"Impressive! I didn't expect that!" That man said, grinning from ear to ear.
"Hmm, so I will take care of my father's business while he is sorting out my sister's situation. I hope you will help me..." He said, looking into that man's eyes.
"Certainly. I'll be going then, Vice. I don't want to disturb your and your sister's rest." Jesse left.
When he closed the door, Vicente stood behind it for a few moments. 'I have to move all the people who were part of my father's group.
They know all of my father's contacts, and if they want to rebel against me, they have the potential to succeed in taking or even destroying part of my father's arrangements.
That would be terrible for Nina and me.' He looked at her, determined about what he should do.
"Innocent or not, I must eliminate them to protect my sister!"



Chapter 31 Reunion
The next morning...
Before doing anything, Vicente went with his sister to the Academy of Stars, intending to register her for the following year.
The current year would end in two more months, and after the vacations, it would be time for a new period to begin.
He could not leave his little sister with anyone, as he did not trust the people who worked for his father. So he could only register Nina at the academy and wait for the class period to begin.
So Vicente spent the early morning hours registering his sister at the academy desk, where he had been a few times in the last 6 years.
He reviewed some of his teachers there but didn't spend much time talking to anyone other than the staff responsible for registering new students.
"Okay, Nina Fuller is registered. You must pay the annual fee one week before her classes start to confirm her enrollment." A middle-aged woman said this to Vicente after believing the lie he had told to justify his parents' absence.
After being warned about this, Vicente thanked that woman and left, promising to return a week before the start of classes for the next period.
"Where are we going now, big brother?" Nina asked.
Vicente quickly wrote what he wanted on a piece of paper and showed it to her.
'We are going to visit a friend. But Nina, don't forget what I told you last night. Don't talk about our situation to anyone.
Then tell me again, what should you say when people talk about our parents?'
She read that and looked at her brother's face, "They are away taking care of big sister Lauren."
Vice smiled at her and continued carrying her in his arms.
After a few minutes of walking, he reached Rory's house.
Pa! Pa!
"Rory, it's me, Vicente." He shouted, hoping that his old friend was still around.
Rory was the person he trusted most, the only one he had talked to about his plans for the future. As such, before he began to deal with matters concerning his father's group, Vicente wanted to hear from this person what his intentions were.
"Vicente?" A slightly childish but much thicker voice than the one from months ago came from inside that house with a touch of surprise and joy.
"Man, I thought you had given up!" Rory said as he had a smile on his face as he opened the front door of his house.
"Never," Vicente said, noticing Rory's gaze on the little black-haired girl in his arms. "I'll explain what's up, but before I do, can I come in?"
"Sure! I was just about to invite you in for something to eat." He took a step back and made way for these two.
"By the way, are you alone?" Vicente asked.
"Hmm, my mother leaves really early. You know how she is." Rory commented as he directed these two to the kitchen.
Upon arriving, Rory's breakfast was served in several different dishes, with many options for just one child.
Rory's mother was a former prostitute who tried to reward her son for his origin in several different ways. Among them, she never punished him for his actions, always prepared bountiful meals, and constantly allowed him to choose what to do.
Nina saw this and licked her lips, hungry because her brother was not such a good cook.
Vicente smiled, put his sister down on a chair, and let her eat whatever she wanted, even without asking Rory.
He looked at Rory and became more serious. "A lot of things have happened. So as much as I still plan to go ahead with those things I already told you about, others will change, and maybe that won't interest you."
"It doesn't matter. I am with you. We're brothers, Vice." Rory said, eager to get to work alongside his friend.
"Hmm, but before that, you need to know what you'll be getting into."
"Okay. What happened?"
Vicente didn't intend to tell that to many people at the moment, so his advice to Nina. However, that was different about Rory.
Vice closed his eyes and said. "My mother and father died."
Upon hearing that, the expression on Rory's face changed considerably, leaving the interest of moments ago to expressing something that children should not show.
 "What?" He exclaimed as he stood up, shocked to hear that. "That... Vice, I'm so sorry. What happened?"
"When we were traveling, my family was involved without our choosing in an expert battle. One of the attacks by those experts caused the death of my mother." He said, looking into Rory's eyes, showing all his hatred of those people.
"I saw my mother get smashed by that, Rory."
Rory clenched his fists and pressed his teeth into each other, feeling angry.
He was not close to Kate, but as Vice's mother, he respected her greatly.
Vicente loved his mother deeply, and Rory knew this. Knowing how he had seen his own mother being killed, this boy couldn't help but feel bad for his friend.
His eyes narrowed, and his voice became much deeper. "Is that how Mister Andrew died too?"
"No, my father survived along with my sisters and me. However, Lauren lost her sight, and Nina went deaf after that battle." Vicente looked at his sister, who was eating while smiling.
Eating was very good for a glutton like Nina.
At that moment, she could even forget some of the darkness of life she had been having for the past few months.
Rory also looked at that little girl while frowning his eyebrows. "It can't be... Nina, Lauren..."
"But our misfortune didn't end there, Rory. When my sister awakened her magical powers, she was taken by strange people who I don't know.
Her ability was above average. I suppose that's why she was taken.
Then my father died on the same day as Lauren's abduction." Vicente finished his unlucky story, calm despite the apparent hatred in his eyes.
"That's horrible... I didn't expect something like this could happen to you, man." Rory looked at Vicente and felt something indescribable, not knowing what he would do in his place.
Rory had no father and no siblings. It was just him and his mother. But even if he felt ashamed of her, he loved her, and if he lost his mother, he would feel terrible.
But Vicente had practically lost his entire family in a matter of months!
"Because of that, my previous plans need to change a bit," Vicente said seriously. "Now I need to avenge them. What happened to my parents and my sister cannot stay like this. I will bring justice to them even if I have to die for it!"
Rory heard this and understood why Vice wanted to talk to him first.
"So, you must make up your mind. If you continue on my side, you will face unimaginable problems. The people I'm looking for are definitely not weak, Rory.
But understand if you are not willing, I will not blame you. What I ask is really very heavy.
I don't want you to feel obligated to join me just because of the previous promise."
Rory closed his eyes and said. "Vice, there is nothing to rethink. Now more than ever I want to join your family!
The bastards who did this to your parents and sisters deserve to die!"
As he said this, he showed one of his hands to Vicente.
The two shook hands with each other, determined on this path ahead of them.



Chapter 32 Time for Renewal
"How do we start? What do we do to get back at the bastards?" Rory sat down again, looking at Vicente anxiously.
"First, we don't think much about it. We haven't even awakened our magical powers yet, so let's take it easy. The most important thing now is establishing contacts and protecting what we already have." Vicente manipulated the cutlery and dishes in front of him for Rory to understand more easily.
"At the moment, I have to ensure that my father's business continues under my stewardship.
Few people know of his death for the moment, but eventually, news about it will spread. If I'm not prepared, I will lose everything he left behind by that time.
His men may betray me, but his partners may back out of deals with me because they may think I cannot generate profits for them or send them their resources.
Hence, before that happens, I need to do two things." He indicated with his fingers. "First, I must replace my father's men with people I trust. Second, I need to make new partnerships without relying on my father's name.
Once I create my own name, I will no longer risk losing what he created."
"That makes sense." Rory nodded.
He was not the son of a merchant, but his mother also sold a service...
As her son, he had naturally learned a few things about how to manage your capital, when to replace people, and the importance of customers and suppliers.
"I can help you recruit some reliable people. Some of the girls who work with my mother have brothers a little older than us who are unemployed. If we give them a chance, we can gather about 5 or 6 of them with ease.
Their loyalty will be guaranteed since their older sisters work for my mother." Rory suggested.
His mother was not unfair, but those who worked for her needed to walk in the line, and the risk under these girls was not zero.
They and their families knew they needed to be careful and loyal, or they could suffer heavy consequences!
Vicente knew how Rory's mother's business worked and nodded to him. "That will help me a lot."
"What about those other plans?" Rory asked, thinking about the absurd things Vicente had told him.
Vicente looked at Nina and saw that she had already finished eating.
He answered as he looked at his little sister. "We will have to wait. First, we will secure our network, and then we have to approach a Baron at least.
We will collect information, and when we awaken our magical powers, we will start to plan this. Until then, it will be dangerous for us to think about this kind of action.
However, as much as we won't be able to do anything, it doesn't mean we will stand still."
"Oh?"
Vicente explained. "Among the men we will hire, we will need people capable of fighting. When we have enough of these people, we can act in the underworld and fight for space with criminal groups."
"That will be interesting." Rory laughed while Nina watched these two's conversation intently, not understanding anything but knowing that it must be quite important.
Vicente then stood up and took Nina in his arms again. "Anyway, I have to go take care of some business. Can you see these people for me?"
"Hmm, I'll do that right away. I'll stop by your place tonight with the results." Rory stood up and escorted Vice and Nina to the exit.
"That's good."
"But man, what are we going to do about Nina?" Rory worried. "As merchants, we will have to travel out of the village... Do you intend to take her on every trip?"
"About that, I intend to get someone reliable to watch her. But I intend to get to know that person well, so we will have to deal with Nina being at our side for the next few months."
"Won't that be dangerous?"
Vicente looked at Nina and said. "No. I will avoid risking traveling during that period. Besides, it would be more risky for her to stay with someone dangerous and who wouldn't do everything in their power to protect her."
"That makes sense."
The two said their goodbyes, going in different directions in this village.
...
While Rory searched for the relatives of his mother's 'workers,' Vice went to his father's warehouse at one end of the village.
After a half hour's walk, he arrived at a place on the soil floor, where several silos, a large barn, and a corral were on this property that belonged to his family.
 A dozen men were working around, some tending the horses, others fixing the wagons at their disposal.
As Vicente arrived there with Nina, those people who had already been warned by Jesse earlier about their situation did not find it strange that he appeared there.
Vicente greeted some old acquaintances on the way to Jesse's office, where he wanted to start dealing with the renovation of this place.
"Vicente, I didn't expect you to be here so soon already..." This man left his office when he saw that this boy had just walked in there.
"Hmm, I have some urgent business to attend to, so I want to start immediately." He said as he looked at this man and entered that office.
"Urgent business? What's that all about? I can take care of that for you. You can focus on caring for little Nina, and I'll do the rest." He said, looking at Vicente and indicating for this child to go take care of child matters and leave the rest to him.
"I'm afraid it would be tricky for you to handle that for me, Jesse." Vicente smiled. "My father has not only left me the duties of this place. He wants me to start leading his business on his behalf.
As you may already know, my father wishes me to replace him when I become an adult."
"Hmm." That man nodded as he tried to understand what this was all about.
But he could say nothing against Vicente's first words, for Andrew had indeed indicated that intention.
As much as he didn't like taking orders from a child, who, yes, was talented but was still a child, he would have no choice.
Vice said. "Since I will be replacing him, I want to make some changes to make our operations more compatible with my profile. So a change in personnel will be necessary."
"Do you want to hire new workers? I can help you with that." Jesse smiled.
"Yes, but not only that." Vice looked into that person's eyes, speaking as an equal. "Unlike my father, I can run this place by myself. So I thank you for what you have done to date.
Your services will not be forgotten, but I'm afraid we'll have to go our separate ways."
"What?" Jesse realized he was being fired and stood up from his chair, not believing that this kid was sending him away.
He had been working for Andrew longer than Vicente existed!
How would he be the first to be fired in a staff renewal?
"Vicente, I don't understand. Is Mr. Andrew unhappy with me? Why am I being fired?" He said in a slightly altered tone.
But as a person of low talent, this man would not dare try to hurt Vicente.
The one who paid the wages of those men in the surrounding area was Andrew, so if he did what he shouldn't, he could be brutally beaten!
Vicente knew this, which is precisely why he would not fire these people before Jesse.
First he had to remove the problem from the person who knew most about his father's schemes!
"You've got it wrong, Jesse. That's not my father. That's me. I will run this place from now on, so you are no longer needed."



Chapter 33 Taking Control of Operations
After Vicente's words, Jesse stood with his mouth open, not believing that a brat who didn't even have facial hair was telling him off.
"Vicente, Mr. Andrew won't accept this! You'll be sorry if you continue down this path." He said in his final attempt to maintain his position.
Working for Andrew was very comfortable and convenient for him.
Jesse was paid well and rarely had to travel, as Andrew liked to do business personally with his suppliers and customers.
Losing this position would put him in a difficult situation where he would either have to start his own business or work for someone who would not give him the same opportunities Andrew had given him.
So he had to insist on changing this child's mind.
"I'm willing to take the risk," Vice said before standing up and opening the door. "Thank you for your services all these years. But from now on, I will take over your duties."
Vicente no longer looked into the eyes of that man while he had his sister in his arms, looking at the situation without understanding.
Jesse angrily looked at Vicente, but after a moment of silence, he stomped his feet hard and walked out of there as he grabbed his things.
"Have a good time! I hope you don't come looking for me ashamed!"
Vicente ignored this man's sharp words soon after leaving that office and watching Jesse leave.
When this man could no longer be seen around, he looked at the people in the surrounding area looking strangely at where Jesse had left, he said aloud.
"Jesse is no longer part of this group. From now on, you will be under my administration. So any questions you have come to me." He said, looking at the many surprised faces in the surroundings.
But these people already expected Vicente to become more involved with them as he grew older, so nobody suspected anything for the time being.
After hearing a few things from the workers in the area, Vicente would spend some time on this property to familiarize himself with some documents he still needed to go through.
He knew most of his father's agreements and the activities these people were currently doing. After all, he had been leading them on Andrew's behalf directly from Saltstar City for months.
They were following agreements that Vicente himself had created, so there wasn't much for him to catch up on.
After a few hours there, he left aware of the essentials and went to lunch with his sister at a local tavern.
...
While Vicente went on with his plans, Jesse searched for the guards who had protected the Fuller family on the trip to Saltstar City.
'Let's see what happened! It's very strange that brat is taking me out of my position!' Jesse thought to himself as he looked at one of the most important buildings in this village.
Martell Village had no nobles present, but several noble families of the kingdom owned the surroundings of this place, so there was a pors of the Duke family there.
There were no descendants of the Duke or any powerful people in this place. But some guards from the Duke's family were there to support the people behind the families with properties nearby.
Several farmers and workers from Barons' families lived in Martell Village to care for their bosses' lands.
The Duke's family post was there to maintain a small local guard to protect the village and maintain the kingdom's bureaucratic services.
These workers and subordinates needed to record their activities to ensure the belongings and agreements of their leaders.
Precisely because there was such a place in the village, people who sold their services, mercenaries, usually displayed their s in buildings like this one.
Sometimes mercenaries would even stay near these Duke's family posts since people able to hire their services usually passed by there frequently.
Thinking about how Soren should be there, Jesse quickly approached this building on the opposite side of the Academy of Stars.
'Maybe Mister Andrew doesn't have the same intentions as this brat! If that is the case, I will do something!' He thought as he entered that place.
Entering what appeared to be a large hall, where there were several counters on one side of the building and stairs and many doors on the outskirts, he went to a part where there were several places to sit.
Some armed men were there talking in groups, while the wall behind them contained several murals where one could leave their announcement.
Jesse looked around for those two but unfortunately did not see them.
"Hey, have you seen Soren and Wesley?" He asked a group of mercenaries.
There weren't many mercenaries in this village. Less than 20 worked locally.
 So of the 12 mercenaries there, they all knew those two.
"I haven't seen them recently." A man who had just returned from a job said that.
But then, another person caught Jesse's attention. "Soren and Wesley went to Millfall this morning."
"Millfall?"
That was the nearest town to Martell Village, just over 100 kilometers away.
'Damn it! Did those two leave the village so quickly?' Jesse contorted his face, not liking this at all.
'I'll wait for them to return to see what happened to give that brat Vicente such confidence!'
...
Later that same day...
The evening came, and Vice was finishing eating his dinner with his sister.
Just as he was getting ready to take a shower, Rory appeared at his door.
Pa! Pa!
"Vicente, it's me." He said, not loud enough to disturb the neighbors but drawing his friend's attention in that big house.
Hearing this, Vicente hurried down the stairs and soon opened the door.
Looking out into the darkened street, he saw Rory and five young men.
All of them had Magic Gems on their foreheads, all red and in the three most common forms.
Vicente readily identified these young men as the relatives of the prostitutes in Rory's mother's brothel.
"Is that the staff you said you would get for me?" He asked before Rory nodded in agreement.
"Those are..."
Rory immediately introduced the young people, who were supposed to be between 15 and 18 years old.
They were all interested in the job opportunity that Rory had promised, and because they were ordinary people, they did not put in arrogant positions when dealing with these two 11-year-old boys.
Each of them greeted Vicente before entering the house to talk to him.
"All right, what Rory told you was not a lie. I want to hire you to work on my family's property." Vicente said, looking thoughtfully at these young men.
"What I want from you is nothing complicated. Just learn the job that I will make you work for the next few weeks.
I will make you work in pairs with some old workers, and when you are confident enough to do what they do, I will double your pay."
With these words, Vicente won over each of these young men who were already interested in the amounts promised by Rory.
With the possibility of going from zero to, in a few weeks, earning double what they thought they could earn, they all felt more determined about work for Vicente.



Chapter 34 True Intentions
In the next few weeks, Vicente would get ten more young men between the ages of 15 and 20 to start working with him on his old man's estate.
Rory was behind most of them, but some of these youths Vicente had recruited on his own.
By putting them to work together with his father's former workers, Vicente quickly helped these inexperienced young men learn many things.
Magicians learned relatively easily, so in less than three weeks since his return to Martell Village, he had quickly managed to fire half of his father's group of former workers.
With more than half of his people being people he trusted, Vicente had recently invested some of his time initiating new conversations with his father's old suppliers.
Vicente told them that for the past few months, he had been in charge of the operations of his father's group, showing that he was already as capable as his old man.
As the group's new leader, he wanted to bring these contacts closer to him, having offered them new contracts, more advantageous to their parties than to his.
As someone who was only trying to protect what he had, Vicente agreed to lower his margins a little, offering better prices to his suppliers.
This obviously brought good results since everyone valued coins in this society.
The magical world depended on magic and things that could affect a person's or family's power.
Among these, coins could provide the basis for magicians to have better artifacts and enough resources to train their skills as well as influence more powerful magicians.
Vicente knew this and had won several triumphs in his actions over the past few days!
...
While Vicente's actions were reducing the risks to his operations, Soren and Wesley entered this village again, returning from days of mission and training in Millfall.
Whenever they finished their missions, they went to this town to use some of their resources and train in a more capable place.
Magicians and warriors like them, who had no support, needed to do this to become stronger.
But after their training and a mission they had accomplished in that city, they had left back to this place where their families were.
"I wonder how that boy is doing?" Soren asked Wesley, thinking of Vice as they passed in the central part of this village.
From there, they could see the house of the late Andrew. Seeing that location, they sighed as they thought about the plight of the two children who were supposed to be there.
"I wouldn't be surprised if they are no longer in the village," Wesley commented. "If I were in that boy's place, I would take that girl and leave for Millfall.
I would sell whatever Andrew had left and focus on restarting a new life there."
"Hmm, that wouldn't be a bad plan..." Soren commented as he got off his horse, already seeing some mercenaries known to them in the vicinity of the post of the family of the Duke.
"Soren, Wesley, your services must be really excellent... You guys barely have time to rest, and more services come to you." A strong man said as he approached them with a smile.
"What are you talking about?" Wesley asked.
"Jesse is in search of you guys. I think he wants to hire you. He asked us to inform you of this and come to his house when you can." This bald mercenary said as he greeted his friends.
"Jesse? From the Fuller estate?" Soren questioned.
"That's the one. Andrew must be seeking your services again."
Upon hearing this, Soren and Wesley looked at each other, finding it strange.
"Impossible. Andrew died months ago." Wesley said in a low voice.
"What?" That mercenary frowned his eyebrows. "Is that true?"
"Yes, didn't you know?"
"No, Jesse didn't say anything. The staff at the Fuller estate also continue to work as normal." That mercenary commented.
It was a surprise to hear that Andrew had died, but his family's continued operations were not surprising. After all, just because he had died didn't mean that Vicente and Nina had to stop living or earning their coins.
Soren and Wesley thought the same but found it strange that Jesse was after them.
"Let's see what he wants. Maybe young Vicente will hire us for something." Soren said before saying goodbye to that other mercenary.
 ...
Pa! Pa!
"Jesse, it's us, Soren and Wesley." One of the two warriors said this out loud after knocking on the door of that man's residence.
After a minute, the door opened, and Jesse's wait was finally over.
"Soren, Wesley, you have finally returned!" He said with a wide smile on his face.
"Hmm, we were just taking care of some business... Anyway, what do you want with us, Jesse?" Soren asked.
Jesse clasped his hands behind his back and said. "It's about Vicente. He's been making some strange decisions recently... I don't know. I doubt Andrew would approve.
So I want to know what happened to him before he returns from his trip. Without knowing more, I won't be able to help him."
"Is that so?" The two looked at each other, feeling that it made sense.
"He didn't tell you anything?" Wesley asked.
"No. I think he wants to avoid talking about it. But I know there's a problem." Jesse said, trying to hide his negative intentions about Vicente. "But I wish I knew... I wish I could help this boy in some way."
"Sigh... It won't be easy for you to do that."
Soren sighed, feeling they should tell the recent history of the Fuller family to this trusted subordinate of Andrew's.
"A few months ago, while we were traveling to Saltstar City, Miss Kate died due to a fight of high-level cultivators..."
At the beginning of Soren's speech, Jesse opened his mouth in shock, seeing that Vicente had lied about practically everything after returning from his trip.
Kate and Andrew were not settling the matters of Lauren's joining a clan. They were dead while she was missing!
Upon hearing that, he felt bad for these people for a moment because he really didn't wish the worst on them.
But upon discovering the truth and thinking more about Vicente's recent actions, Jesse readily understood what this boy was trying.
'He wanted to keep me out of Andrew's business! He wanted to keep me away from the possibility of me taking over the business for myself!' He immediately thought about it since he couldn't ignore that opportunity.
'Bastard! He made me stand still for weeks!' He clenched his fists angrily while pretending to be deeply moved.
He liked Andrew, but in the death of the strongest in that family, there was no reason for him to give everything that man had left to the brat Vicente.
As someone who had worked alongside Andrew for decades, no one was better than him to take over the Fuller family's business and property!
'Damn it, I have to move and take what this brat has been occupying. Since he has turned on me, I will take everything he has!'



Chapter 35 Quick Action
Three days later...
It was getting dark in Martell Village, and Vice had just returned home from a long and tiring day at Nina's side.
As he closed the door and headed towards the kitchen, intending to prepare something for Nina, Vicente was suddenly stopped when someone knocked hard on his door.
"Boss, we have a problem." One of the young men brought by Rory to Vicente's group shouted from the other side of the door, drawing this boy's attention.
He immediately ran to the door of his house under his sister's gaze and asked as he came across that young man. "What's up?"
"Jesse, your father's former employee, is moving strangely. Three of our suppliers have been visited by him in the last two days." That young man with blond hair and blue eyes, 1.8 meters tall, said this as he looked into Vice's eyes.
Hearing this, Vicente immediately frowned, 'So he found out! I knew it would happen someday! Good thing I didn't trust him before!'
While clenching his fists, Vicente said. "All right, call Rory and let him know about it. He'll know what to do. In the meantime, I'll start sorting it out."
"Yes!" That young man dressed as a farmer left that place without delay while Vicente ran into his house to get some things.
'We're going to visit someone. But I want you to stay close to me.' Vicente wrote to his sister after getting what he wanted.
"Where will we go?" She asked him.
But Vincent did not inform her about it.
'It's better you don't know.' He thought to himself as he set off at his sister's side.
He quickly made his way to Jesse's house, a much more humble property than his own, one that was at one end of the village.
Upon arriving there with Nina in his arms, Vicente indicated her to be silent while they were hidden in the surroundings.
'Since you have decided to act this way, Jesse, don't blame me for what I will do.' He thought as he waited for the right moment to act.
Vicente had not acted violently against any of his father's old workers for two reasons. The first was that even if he wanted to, he couldn't act since he lacked the support to do so.
All those men had their Magic Gems, so he could only achieve what was necessary to 'silence' them by hiring mercenaries.
However, mercenaries in Polaris Realm were not necessarily unscrupulous men who would do anything for coins!
Most were just people trying to sell their services and pay their families' daily expenses. Most of them were not assassins and did not accept assassination missions.
Those who accepted such missions were usually professional assassins, a type of person who, as far as Vicente knew, did not offer services in Martell Village.
As such, even if he had coins to waste on assassinations, he couldn't hire people capable of handling his father's former employees.
The second reason Vicente hadn't tried to act violently against them was that most of them had accepted their situations without a problem. And some of them were still working for him, so Vice preferred to avoid acting against those he had fired.
However, he had his ways if he wanted to!
Vicente looked at the surroundings of that property and saw that Jesse didn't seem to be around.
He then finished covering his body with black clothes and cautiously approached one of that property's open windows.
Nina was in his arms and did not understand what her brother was doing. But she found it amusing and continued to watch him silently.
Vicente placed a strange instrument on the wall of that house and then connected his ears with what looked like two matching metals.
'Good. He is not at home. Just his wife and their son.' Vicente heard the noises coming from that place and walked away after a few moments.
Then 5 minutes passed, and Rory arrived at that place accompanied by two of their strongest trusted young men.
"Vice, what are we going to do? Jesse trying to steal your business is bad for us."
Vicente nodded and said. "If he is targeting my business, I will target his most valuable things.
Rory, take care of my sister. I will break into the house and kidnap Jesse's son."
Gulp!
"You..."
 "... Kidnap the boy?"
Rory and the two young men beside him asked in low voices, not believing Vicente would do such a thing.
"Don't look at me like that. I won't hurt him. I will only use him to lure his father away."
Low-level magicians were not so different from normal humans. They were stronger, their senses were faster, and they could use magic powers. However, it was possible for ordinary people to act against one of them.
The difference between ordinary people and magicians grew along the magic rank, but just as an exponential function grew slower at the beginning, so was it for magic.
Vicente was fully aware of this, and even though he didn't even have a Magic Gem, he wasn't afraid of Jesse or this man's wife.
"But..."
Vicente looked at Rory and said in a deep tone, looking into his friend's eyes, "Make no mistake, Rory, this is the kind of thing I would do for the sake of my family.
But I am willing to do much more. You should know that."
"I know... I'm sorry, I won't talk about it anymore. But can you do this?" Rory knew that some of Vicente's plans would have far worse consequences than kidnapping a child, and he quickly controlled his anxiety about already starting to act against an innocent.
"Don't worry about it. I know what I'm about to do." Vicente said in a low voice before running to that place.
Upon reaching the side of the previous window, he quickly moved into that house, moving like a thief going toward his target.
Already inside the house he had been in when Jesse's son was born, he immediately moved to the boy's room, which was on the house's second floor.
Vicente noticed that Jesse's wife was there, but she didn't notice him.
When he entered Jesse's son's room, she passed in front of the place and looked in through the open door.
Seeing no one and hearing her son walking up the stairs, she walked down toward the kitchen.
"Peter, go take your bath. The food will be ready in no time, and your father should be here soon." Jesse's wife's voice sounded as Vicente looked through the gaps in that boy's bedroom door.
"All right, Mom!" Peter quickly made his way to his room to get his clothes.
As he walked through the door and turned on the magic lamp, he suddenly ran into someone who shouldn't be there.
'Go to sleep...' Vice grabbed that boy's neck and squeezed, blocking the passage of blood to Peter's brain.
In just 10 seconds, Peter lost consciousness, and his body softened.
Sensing this, Vicente held him and put this 6-year-old boy inside the closet.
He then carefully moved out of the room, checking to see where Peter's mother was.
Noticing that she was busy in the kitchen, he quickly moved to the only bathroom on that floor and opened the shower.
'Time to go!" He hurried back to Peter's room.
A noise of a door closing came from the second floor, and Vicente could hear the voice of a traitor.
"Honey, I'm home!"
But he didn't stay behind and quickly hid a letter in Peter's room before leaving from there as easily as he had entered.



Chapter 36 First Murder
"How did you do that?" One of the young men with Rory asked as he saw Vicente with Peter.
It had all happened very quickly. In less than 5 minutes, Vicente had broken in and left that property!
As much as there were no defenses in that house and Jesse's wife was weak, magicians could notice disturbances in the mana in the surroundings with relative ease.
Vicente smiled and said. "Let's move first. If you guys want, I can teach you some tricks later."
Vicente's mana control was not high, but he could control it to do numerous things, including combining such a thing with his earthling abilities.
Since he was a little boy, Vicente had trained not only in the martial arts of this world. He trained even more what he had brought back in his memories of Earth, from fighting forms to ways of acting.
The equipment he had used earlier he had made himself, while his invasion technique relied on a breathing and movement style developed by assassins from the Mazzanti family.
Combining this with mana, he could move without disturbing the free mana in the air while keeping his strength within his body. That way, he had entered such a house as easily as a harmless insect could do!
"Are you really going to do that?" One of those young men asked as they ran away from that place.
"Hmm, but you will have to earn it first. At most, I will teach you the basics. To learn everything, you will have to earn merit."
Rory ignored that and asked. "Where will we go now?"
"We are going to my father's estate. Jesse will come looking for us there."
"How will we act against him?" One of those two asked, determined to learn what Vicente had used.
He had a Magic Gem but still had no idea how to break into an estate without drawing any attention.
If he learned this, his chances would be much greater!
"First, let's go..." Vicente immediately told his group his plan.
...
Thirty minutes later...
"Jesse, there is something wrong with this boy. He's taking too long in the bathroom." Peter's mother said this after finishing putting the food in and continuing to hear the noise of the shower on the second floor.
Jesse looked in the direction of that seat of the armchair he was in and frowned. "Kid. Finish your shower now!" He shouted as he stood up.
But as he walked to the bathroom on the second floor, this Intermediate Apprentice soon realized that something was wrong because there was no one in that bathroom.
'Uh? Where is this boy?' He went to the bedroom and didn't find his son there either.
"Lexi! Peter is not here! Look for him on the first floor of the house!" He shouted in his slightly altered voice.
His son had never disappeared like this before. As such, he couldn't help but be a little apprehensive.
Lexi was startled by this and soon started looking for Peter.
Two minutes later, the two realized he was nowhere to be found in the house and went to the bedroom, where his clean clothes were still waiting for him on the bed.
"Damn it! Someone took our son!" Jesse turned red with anger and immediately thought of Vicente. "This must be that fucking brat!"
He had been trying to take Andrew's son's business. Still, he had been having trouble doing so since the little imp had cleverly redone several of his contracts.
But by talking to some of Vicente's suppliers about this young man's lie, Jesse was confident of soiling his reputation and eventually getting those suppliers!
Because he was already acting against Vicente, he was suspicious of this young man!
As he furiously walked down the stairs intending to go to the Fuller residence, his wife shouted. "Jesse, there's a letter here!"
"What?" He looked up and narrowed his eyes.
"It's saying here that if we want to see our son back, you have to go to Andrew's warehouse!" She said, feeling tight in her chest.
"Jesse, what's going on? Why would someone act against our son and go to Andrew's barn?" She asked, already with tears streaming from her eyes.
"Tsk! You stay here. I'll take care of this." Those were his last words before he left without looking back.
 'Damned Vicente! Brat, I'll kill you for this!' His mana violently vibrated as he ran at over 25 kilometers per hour.
...
Moments later, Jesse arrived at his old workplace, in this rather dark place, due to the lack of lighting nearby.
"Brat Vicente, come out from wherever you are!" He shouted as he slowly walked towards the main building, his fists firmly closed, glowing due to the concentrated mana.
"Jesse, you thought you could act against me and get away with it," Vicente said, drawing this man's attention to the top of one of the silos in the surrounding area.
Jesse looked up and could barely see Vicente there, given the darkness of the night.
"Where is my son, Vicente? He has nothing to do with our troubles!"
"Oh? I disagree with that." Vicente said seriously. "By acting against my business, you acted against my family. Isn't it fair that I do the same to you?"
"Tsk! Brat, don't cross the line, or I will kill you and that girl!" Jesse said as he walked toward Vicente.
But he was not seeing Nina nor his son anywhere. As such, he was being cautious.
"Jesse, you are a fool. I gave you a chance to live with your family. Unfortunately, you were greedy and tried to steal my business.
Now I have to punish you." Vicente said, lying on top of that silo while looking at Jesse through something that looked like a special binocular.
But that item only had an opening to look through and was attached to something else.
Vicente had his hands around a strange item, where one of his index fingers made contact with a trigger.
"Punish me? How? Tell me how a brat like you is going to punish me?" He asked aloud, laughing at this child's words.
"Vicente, give me Peter now. If you don't, I will kill you, even if I risk my son's life."
"I expected nothing less from you. A vermin indeed."
"Tsk! Don't play games with me, brat!"
"This is the end, Jesse. When you go to the other world, try not to be a treacherous, unscrupulous worm."
When Vicente said this, he squeezed the trigger, causing the item in front of him to move backward suddenly, as a glow appeared from part of that metallic thing.
Then a loud noise went off from that rifle, breaking toward Jesse's head.
Simultaneously, the two young men on the outskirts of that property heard the signal they were waiting for and fired their guns in Jesse's direction as well.
Jesse still had an angry expression when he fell to his knees on the ground with a five centimeters-deep hole in his skull.
His shirt turned red with blood in two places on his abdomen, and then he fell face-first to the ground, already dead!



Chapter 37 Firearms
As he looked down at Jesse's fallen body, Vicente was momentarily silent, watching the smoke coming out of the barrel of his gun.
"That is the future of those who threaten my family, Jesse. If it is in my power, I will not spare even old friends and allies!" Vice muttered to himself as he stood up on top of that silo, looking down.
He then looked down at his rifle, something he had done before he left with his family for Saltstar City.
Vicente knew how to construct weapons even with his eyes closed in his time on Earth. He knew step by step what he needed to build weapons, every material needed, and the care required.
When he had managed to scrape together a few coins from the allowance his father gave him, he had gone to a blacksmith in Martell Village and ordered to develop the parts he needed.
He was not afraid of 'his idea' being stolen since he was the only one who could assemble these weapons, so he had been doing business regarding weapon parts for the past two years.
In this period, he had managed to assemble and hide in his room a long-range rifle, two shotguns, and a revolver.
Unfortunately, on a hunt he had participated in alongside his father a year and a half ago, he realized that his weapons were not very useful against powerful beings.
At the 2nd stage of the magic rank, the bullets from these weapons no longer had any effect.
Upon meeting a beast of this stage during his hunt, he tested it and saw how his gun had almost no effect against the beast's massive body that had attacked him.
After that experience, he stopped developing his weapons and put them aside before traveling to Saltstar City.
At that time, he planned only to gather resources and one day awaken his powers, which could really make a difference.
However, when facing this situation this night, Vicente returned to his plans and decided to reuse his weapons.
"Boss, this thing is amazing! Its power is really otherworldly!" One of the two young men holding a shotgun said as he looked at that thing with glowing eyes.
The other was also looking with satisfaction at that item that had given him much more power than he had.
"This gun is amazing! And I feel like I can infuse my mana into it and strengthen its attacks!" This other said loudly, catching Vicente's attention.
Vice had not shown that to anyone but Rory before today since, to other people, he would have the difficult task of explaining where he had gotten the idea behind it from.
Therefore, he did not know how awakened magicians would react to these weapons.
Upon hearing that, he immediately asked. "Are you sure?"
"Hmm, actually, I think I unconsciously ended up using some of my mana to strengthen that bullet." The young man said.
Vicente immediately ran to the side of Jesse's body and checked to see if this man was really dead before checking the wounds around his body.
Jesse had died, but not because of Vicente's shot!
'My bullet didn't go that deep into his brain... Maybe he could live after that. But these two perforations...' Vicente saw the size of the holes made by the shots of those two.
Each one was so large that Vicente's hands could fit loosely into the places where the bullets had hit.
The organs and bones near these holes had been destroyed.
After seeing this, Vicente's eyes sparkled.
'I was wrong!
These weapons can be affected by the magic of the one using them! I hadn't considered this before because I can use very small mana, but people with their awakened powers can do much more!'
He almost jumped for joy upon discovering the potential of his weapons.
He probably didn't have a good talent, but if weapons like this could be used to strengthen himself and his people, everything could change for them!
Thinking about this, Vicente soon considered the idea of developing more weapons and forming an armed group.
"All right, I want you two to throw this body in the Crow Woods." He said to the two after a moment.
The Crow Woods was a forest that was around Martell Village.
"And what do we do with it?" One of the two asked as he showed the weapon in his hands.
"Give them to me. I will lend you this revolver to protect yourselves. We'll talk about these weapons later, but don't talk about it with anyone else for now." He said, looking seriously at those two.
 They both readily accepted the boy's orders and handed their shotguns to Vicente before he gave a revolver to one of them.
As much as they were older and stronger than Vicente, they both had their families to worry about, and more importantly, as poor people, they couldn't be stupid.
After learning about these firearms, they immediately realized the potential of being on Vicente's side.
If they continued with him, there would probably be more guns in the future and also more people in their group. This could certainly improve their situations more than them rebelling against him now.
As people of low talent, their potential was limited alone. But everything could be different next to someone with exceptional knowledge and contacts.
So they quickly left and headed for the Crow Woods.
Seeing them leaving with Jesse's body, Vicente put his firearms in a box and left, returning to his home.
...
"Rory, it's me. Open the door." Vice said in a low voice after knocking three times on the door of his house.
While they were acting, Rory returned to this place with Nina and Peter.
Peter was still unconscious, while Nina knew that she had to obey Rory in her brother's absence.
So Rory had had no trouble taking care of those two children, and upon hearing Vicente, he quickly opened the door, unlocking the several locks Vice had placed over the past few weeks.
"Well? How did it go?" Rory asked as he looked thoughtfully at his friend.
"It's all over. We solved our problems with Jesse." Vicente walked over to where he had left the son of that enemy as he spoke.
"What do we do now?" Rory was not bothered by Jesse's murder since he knew what kind of group he was part of.
"I will release this boy in the center of the village, and eventually, someone will take him back to his mother," Vice said in a low voice before picking that boy up and throwing him over one of his shoulders.



Chapter 38 Family Development
After a few hours, the two young men sent by Vicente returned from the Crow Woods while their leader released Peter in the center of the village.
As the day slowly took over the skies, marking the end of that long night, the four involved in the previous action were together at the Fuller residence.
Nina was sleeping peacefully in her room, while her brother had too many things on his mind to rest.
After everyone had finished their business the previous night, Vicente looked at those three and said. "What we did this night will happen many more times in the future.
Many more will die at our hands if we are to grow. Finally, some of us may fall by the wayside.
The battles' reward for some warriors is death, so it will happen to some of us sooner or later.
This is not a safe journey but a thorny path full of problems.
Your families may eventually suffer.
Are you sure you want to walk this course? Once you enter it for good, there is no turning back."
Seeing the deep look in Vicente's eyes, Rory clenched his fists, remembering the misfortune of his friend's life, and readily accepted.
"We will leave the village someday. My mother will be fine if we stay away, so I will take the risks."
"Me too." One of those two young men said. "Better to live at a thousand for 10 years than to live at 10 for a thousand years!"
The other nodded in agreement without saying much.
"Very well, fellows, I welcome you to my family. As your Don, I will provide you with resources and opportunities, but mostly protection." Vicente smiled. "In return, I want your loyalty and strength.
Today it is just us, but we will be much more.
Do you trust me?"
"Yes!"
"Starting tomorrow, we will deal with building this family. For now, we will secure our agreements with local suppliers and develop more firearms.
With the help of you two, I want to discover the limits of these weapons."
They both nodded, eager to help Vicente with that.
"For the rest, don't talk about the weapons or our group with anyone else. Just watch for people with the potential to join us.
When we have more reliable people, we will invite them to our group."
"OK!"
...
After Jesse's death, three months would pass in the blink of an eye.
Peter would return to his mother at that time, and searches throughout the village would ensue.
Jesse's wife would accuse Vicente of being around her husband's disappearance, but she could do nothing against him without proof.
She had no resources to act against Vice, and her power was not high enough for her to cause trouble for this boy who had dozens of men who depended on him.
Even after the villagers found Jesse's body days after his death, nothing but rumors about Vice and this man's relationship would circulate through the village.
Either way, Vice was just a child in everyone's eyes, and few believed he really had any involvement with this death.
But of the few who did, some were precisely those suppliers who had talked with Jesse earlier.
They intended only to fulfill their contracts with Vice and then do business with such a man. But with his death, they were confident that this child was not a good-for-nothing and that he was involved in this murder somehow.
However, even these misgivings had not hurt Vice's group in the short run. He had contracts that would last from 2 to 5 years, so even if some wanted to distance themselves from him, he would not allow it.
When signing a Magic Agreement, one could only break it if both sides decided to do so.
And so Vice had been growing his operations with more of his trusted people working for him and the development of new weapons.
 In these months, he and those two young men had done many tests and discovered the limit of their weapons.
An Apprentice blacksmith had made these weapons, so they were Red-grade items. But still, the limit of these items was the Junior Apprentice level.
When those two young men had used all their power, they had damaged the weapons and helped Vicente understand that, for the moment, their limit was to infuse about 75% of the mana of a Junior Apprentice.
Luckily this could be improved if they used more talented and well-ranked blacksmiths.
Even though it was an earthbound project, by involving the magical powers of blacksmiths from this world, these items had become magical artifacts with the classic limitations of items made on this world.
Because of this, Vicente had in mind to get more powerful blacksmiths in the future, while he had already increased the number of weapons at his disposal by three times.
But for now, only he and his three family partners would use these weapons since they had not yet recruited anyone else.
Anyway, amid all this, the new period at the Academy of Stars had finally begun, and Nina had started her studies.
At the academy, she spent almost half the day learning, giving Vice more room to busy himself with his plans for his family.
...
"Vice, here are your things. See you." A middle-aged lady said as she smiled at Vicente while standing across the counter from a bakery.
After getting his change and the bag of loaves of bread, Vicente said goodbye to that person with whom he bought bread daily.
He walked out of that place amidst the stares of the people in the surrounding area, several of whom looked at him with different eyes than they would look at a child.
Everyone in this village already knew what had happened to Vicente's family and how he had been dealing with his late father's affairs.
But the rumors about how he led exceeded those about how unlucky he and Nina were.
So the whole village no longer saw him as a 12-year-old boy.
"I hear that he and his group are targeting all the local merchants." A customer commented on this to the establishment's owner, looking ugly at Vice. "He wants to steal everyone's business in the village."
"Don't say that. He's just trying to expand his business. Is it really wrong for him to do that?" That woman asked.
"The rates he charges are absurd. How are we going to compete with that?" That disgruntled person said in an irritated tone. "And he's just a 12-year-old brat.
What will happen when he grows up?"
"If he grows up..." A 13-year-old muttered as he looked sharply in Vice's direction.
If Vicente watched him now, he would identify the young man who bullied Rory years ago.



Chapter 39 Merchants Society
"Vicente, you have to change your current moves, kid. Do you think you can target all of our business?" A middle-aged man exclaimed against the boy across the table in the Fuller family warehouse.
On the outskirts of this former Jesse office, Vicente was sitting in an armchair, and Rory was standing next to him, both looking at the local merchant who had just arrived there demanding to speak to them.
Next to this man was a level 6 General, looking at them like an adult trying to scare a child who had messed up.
Vice smiled at the words of this old local merchant and said. "Mister Damian Cohen, you are mistaken. I am not trying to steal anyone's business.
In fact, I would like to get closer to local merchants. If you are willing, we can make a mutually beneficial partnership."
"Partnership?" That man made a confused expression. He was there to talk about this boy stealing his business, but Vice had suggested a partnership out of the blue...
Was this boy crazy, or was there something else behind it?
"Kid, don't think I won't act against your group because you are a child." He said.
"Hmm, but mister, what do you want me to do? I merely offered better prices to my suppliers and customers. It's not my fault if people I wasn't even doing business with found out about it and now want to approach me..." He said. "Or are you saying that they have an obligation to do business with you?"
"What? That's not what I'm saying!" This man raised his voice.
"Then what is it? If you are bothered by rumors from your suppliers, just lower your prices, and you won't lose any of your business."
"That's absurd! Are you telling me to lower my profits?" He felt outraged.
Vicente grinned. "That's how the market works. There are already groups imitating us, so even if I get out of this business, those charging abusive prices would still have to lower their prices to stay competitive with other groups."
"But this is your fault. You started this madness!"
"Hmm, so you can become my ally. You won't get the same returns you had before, but you can profit greatly from me." Vicente spoke, negotiating more support for his group.
He had been lowering some costs that groups like his typically had in trading the products of their suppliers. For example, normally, groups of merchants traveling with their products had to hire warriors to protect these resources.
The cost of mercenaries was not cheap, so to maintain his profits, a merchant like this angry man in front of Vicente had to promise lower prices to their suppliers and sell their products at higher values to consumers.
However, Vicente had firearms on his side and people willing to take their chances with these weapons!
With these, he no longer hired mercenaries and had been using his own people to protect his wagons.
Through this and other actions, he was able to offer better prices to his suppliers and customers without decreasing his profits too much!
'Vice was very clever.' Rory thought as he looked at his friend talking to that merchant. 'With the advent of guns, he was able to increase the prices we pay to our suppliers and thereby please these people.
Now the risk of Andrew's former suppliers leaving us has decreased significantly, and we can act with less worry of losing what we already had in the beginning.'
Vice continued to smile at that stressed man. "Mister, I will not tell you how I am improving prices for my customers and suppliers, but I assure you my profits are almost equal to what my father had in his time.
If you join me, I will guarantee you the same profits I have been making."
"How?" That man asked, still agitated at dealing with this bold child.
"I won't say. You would have to sign a Magical Agreement with me for me to tell you that."
"Tsk!" Damian looked away and then tried to control himself a little.
He couldn't just hit this child. That would be an embarrassment to him.
At the same time, merchants were not people who used violence at the first sign of disagreement. The opposite of this, people like him would try to talk and negotiate before drawing their weapons.
In this situation, Damian sighed and asked. "What would that be like? I don't understand what kind of partnership I could have with a boy like you."
Vice explained. "Very simple. Join my group. We will merge our merchant caravans."
Damian frowned his eyebrows. "Do you want me to subordinate myself to you?"
"No. I will be the leader of this group, but you will have almost as many freedoms as they have now. The big difference is that you will be part of a society with several merchants under my rule.
I will provide you with the methods to offer better prices to your customers and suppliers, and in return, you will give me a share of that business. Of course, you would also have to follow some rules."
Hearing this, such a man asked. "And why would other merchants join you? We can simply lower our prices and maintain our independence.
 We'll have to give you something for it anyway, so we could simply give up some of our profits for our freedoms."
Vicente then said. "Yes, that is a possibility. But you should know not everyone will go along with it. And when I have more merchant groups on my side, I will naturally use my influence to put pressure on those who are not with us."
Vicente looked at that mercenary and said. "But if they are on our side, not only will they not have to worry about losing their suppliers and customers, but they won't have to hire mercenaries anymore.
I will provide protection, transportation, and more." He opened his arms, smiling confidently. "As our society grows, we can even achieve things we could not alone.
The influence of a group will always be greater than that of a single person."
There were societies like the one Vicente was planning to create in this place. However, associations and guilds in this model took away much more of the freedom of their members than this boy intended.
For this reason, many preferred to stay away from such groups.
Yet, what Vicente was promising was indeed tempting.
"And why you?" That man did not disagree with this boy's words, but he still had a hard time accepting Vicente as a leader. "Why wouldn't we unite under the command of someone more capable?"
Vicente said at once, "Because only I have the ability to lead you. Besides being the only one with the method to lower your costs, I already have 37% of the suppliers in the area.
Besides me, counting you, there are six merchants who share the rest of the local suppliers. But none of you even comes close to my position.
You see, Mister Damian, I have prepared myself for this. Unlike you, I have been working to create this group for almost a year now.
None of you could replace me and take this group to the position I will take."
This man knew that most of this business was in the hands of Vicente's group and could not deny the advantage of the time this boy had been planning everything.
"Can you give me some time to think?"
"Of course. You have until the end of next month to think about it. After that, I will consider you have given up."



Chapter 40 Secret Society
Three months would pass quickly as Vicente's group developed.
After the previous negotiation, Damian agreed to join Vice's group with two other merchants from Martell Village.
Through this, Vice had created his local merchant society a few days ago, when the deadline for their agreement to take effect had begun.
After days of waiting, the three merchants associated with the Fuller family had finally been called by Vicente this morning. They were now in the Crow Woods with this boy and some of his men.
It was the middle of the day in this region, and the blue sky of this warm day illuminated the forest, making this ordinarily dark place much more peaceful.
The small animals took advantage of the day to escape their burrows while others rested in hiding.
Amidst the sparse vegetation of the area, Vicente stood next to Rory and 10 of his trusted men.
After months since Jesse's death, Vicente and Rory had brought more trusted people to their side, having trained some of the workers from the Fuller family warehouse to become marksmen.
Hence, when the older people arrived there, the three merchants and their trusted men soon looked at Vicente's group with curiosity, waiting to see what these low-level magicians had for them.
Damian looked at those two young men and saw how they were getting a little bigger, each day closer to their biological maturity.
Magicians grew vertiginously between the ages of 12 and 14. In this maturation period, they left their childish features behind and reached adult appearances within a few months.
Vicente and Rory did not stop growing and maturing; today, one of them was 1.76 and the other 1.83 meters tall. Both were between 70 and 75 kilograms, and hair could be seen growing on parts of their faces.
Considering how they dressed in formal and well-tailored clothes, they both looked even older.
Seeing his guests arriving, Vicente smiled and said. "My associates, all of you have already promised not to talk about what we have here, so it is time to introduce you to my armed group.
These ten young men here are the security guards you will use in your travels from now on. With them, the safety of your resources will be guaranteed."
"Are you serious?"
"That's a joke..." One of them muttered as he turned away.
This comment did not bother Vicente, and he merely signaled for one of those men to act.
When he saw his leader's signal, one of the ten young men pulled out the pistol he had in his waistband and pointed it toward that merchant with his back turned.
The others in the vicinity were surprised by the shape of the thing but thought it was some kind of weapon.
As they quirked their eyebrows, that merchant felt someone pointing something at him and turned around. "What's that? Are you trying to scare me with a toy, Vicente?"
Vicente's man changed the direction of his pistol and then fired.
Bang!
Everyone heard a gunshot and a very fast flesh coming from that gun. Then something shot at great speed from it, passing by the side of that merchant's left cheek, so he felt something passing close to his head.
In the next instant, the bullet hit the trunk of a tree behind such a merchant.
When this happened, the trunk of that tree, almost 60 centimeters in diameter, was suddenly hit.
A part of that trunk 1.9 meters above the ground was totally destroyed, and the tree swayed, leaning in the direction where the bullet lodged in its trunk had come from.
Seeing the destruction caused by such a weapon, the merchant paled as he felt an indescribable chill run through his body.
If it had hit him, he could have died!
The others also realized this and readily understood the power of that small weapon in the hands of one of Vicente's men.
Vice grinned when he saw this and said. "This is my firearm! A simple Junior Apprentice armed with the simplest of these weapons can even kill a Senior Apprentice with their defenses up.
If they act against an unwary and inattentive opponent, seriously injuring an Acolyte is not out of their possibilities!"
"Is that really possible?"
"If that's true, then if Acolytes use those weapons...
Gulp!"
 "For the moment, we can't do that. We need Acolytes blacksmiths, and we don't have any of them... So this is not possible. However, we can have such weapons compatible with Acolytes in the future." Vicente said, encouraging these men.
"But, Vicente, how does that work? How did you get such magnificent items?" Damian asked, understanding how Vicente planned to lower their costs.
Vicente smiled but did not reveal.
In Polaris Realm, there were weapons that increased the power of their users. But there was nothing like Vicente's firearms.
However, he had not intentionally developed these items and was unsure how they worked. All Vicente wanted when planning his weapons was to have valuable items to be used against low-level people.
Ordinary weapons on Earth could kill even animals weighing hundreds of kilograms, so he thought they might have a positive effect for the beginning of his journey in Polaris Realm.
But the weapons he had assembled there differed from those on Earth and could do much more damage.
He then said. "Don't worry about the how. I will try to develop these weapons so that people of your level can use them in the future. But for now, I believe this will be enough for us to start our strategies."
They agreed, but soon one of them raised a crucial question. "But Vicente, how do we deal with these men? The royal family forbids group formations like the one you have here."
According to the royal laws of Seidel, ordinary people could have a maximum of 3 magicians or warriors working as guards. Above that, such groups would be considered unauthorized military organizations and would be targeted by the forces of the kingdom.
Nobles could have more men on their side depending on their rank. But for ordinary people, the limit was really high.
Vicente already had ten armed men, which could threaten the lives of some relatives of nobles or low-level royalty.
Vice knew about the difficulties of publicly maintaining a personal guard in this place and said. "These are merely farmers and merchants...
Until they draw their weapons, these men are not warriors.
Finally, our society will naturally be of the secret type. So in public, some of these men will work for you and have no relation to each other."
"Oh?"
Rory added. "No one but us needs to know about our arrangements. We are just merchants who meet from time to time to talk business—nothing out of the ordinary.
No one needs to know we are associates and work together."
After those words, the men in Vicente's group smiled along with those merchants. Everyone there knew that the local rules could limit them in many ways, but there were ways for them to act in the shadows without running big risks.
Vicente then signaled to two of those men. "Here, we have some weapons for you. Please try them out, but don't use more mana than my men could use at their levels."



Chapter 41 Small Moments of Happiness
After trying Vicente's guns for a few minutes, all three merchants and their partners in that forest felt the power of having firearms in their hands.
Having a gun in your hand was something that gave you power, courage, and a feeling that was hard to describe.
This was stronger on Earth, where there were no 'superhumans,' no magic. But even in this world where magic existed and could make a difference in people's lives, guns still had their unique shine.
When holding one of these items, those men felt more powerful.
This was not the same as having good pentagrams, a unique power coming from a Magic Gem, or even a high-level artifact. But with these weapons, they could spend less of their energy and still cause great damage to unarmed opponents.
For now, it would make the most difference in the hands of young Apprentices. However, if Vice really developed these for Acolytes, the difference for them would become significant.
All these businessmen knew the importance of investing in things for the future. After returning these weapons to Vicente, they were much more confident in his strategy.
Even the man who had had one of those guns pointed at his head had forgotten what had happened.
"What do we do now?" One of the three merchants asked Vice.
Rory saw Vicente looking at him and explained instead of his friend, "Now we will divide our people among your groups. From now on, hire fewer mercenaries and take our men with you on trips.
They will be with our weapons and will participate in your guard. In addition, we will give each of you a revolver."
As Rory spoke, one young man opened a briefcase, revealing several identical silver revolvers.
Vicente then said. "We will give each of you a revolver as a gift for partnering with us. But to get more and also get the ammunition, we will have to make deals on that."
Those men picked up their guns as they smiled, agreeing that they would have to pay for these little beauties.
"How much does a gun like that cost?" One of the three asked.
"The cheapest model costs 4 gold coins for the gun and 2 bronze coins per unit of ammunition," Vicente said before pointing towards a rifle. "That one over there is the most expensive one we have, and each costs 25 gold coins and 10 bronze coins for the bullet."
Upon hearing his words, the three merchants naturally found the figures absurd.
They made 50 to 100 gold coins a year, rarely more than that.
A single weapon like that could take a lot of their funds!
But this was the price Vicente thought was fair.
He was not in it for charity. He intends to have a significant profit margin on such a business.
He had no intention of arming those who were not part of his group. As he would sell few of these weapons, he intended to get all his profit from his allies.
"It's a bit salty..." The person who asked the price said in a low voice, putting the idea of arming his whole family aside.
Vicente smiled. "Very well, let's split up. From now on, you should go about your business and avoid contacting us.
We will meet once every three months, but never simultaneously. Each month I will only be able to meet with one of you.
In the meantime, make it appear that my men now work for you and no longer for me."
They all agreed, and soon the three merchants left back to Martell Village with two new members in their groups.
Seeing these people leaving, Vicente, Rory, and the other four remaining men stayed behind in this forest for a while longer.
"Will they be all right?" Rory asked, knowing the dangers of this world were too many for low-level young men like these men of theirs.
Vicente then said. "Maybe. I taught them how to use each of these weapons and how to behave. So their chances are not low. But it's out of my control now.
In any case, they will still have help from mercenaries, so I believe our business with these merchants will not be harmed."
"And now, what will we do?" Rory asked as his men stored their weapons in boxes.
"We will take the business of the fools who chose to stay out of our society." Vicente said as his eyes narrowed.
...
After returning to the village hours later, Vicente and his people parted ways as he headed to his family's home.
 Upon arriving there, he promptly met with a beautiful young woman who was 1.6 meters tall, with a slender body and sensual curves for a young man in the prime of life, as was the case with Vicente.
She was dressed in a beautiful black and white maid's outfit while bouncing her body as she cleaned the living room furniture.
When she heard Vicente coming, she was not startled and looked at him with a smile.
"Vicente, have you finished your work today?" This blonde, blue-eyed woman asked in her sweet, soft voice.
This was Eve Ostell, a 16-year-old woman Vicente met a few months ago.
This girl had been introduced to Vice by his friend, as her sister worked in Rory's mother's brothel. She was soon to join this place, but before this happened, young Fuller had presented her with the opportunity to work for him.
Since then, she had been working as a maid in the Fuller residence, taking care of Nina and the meals of the two orphaned siblings.
Vicente liked Eve's manner and had been watching her for the past few weeks, slowly letting her take care of more Nina-related things.
He was Nina's brother, but this girl needed a woman not only as an example but to take care of things that a man could not.
At the same time, Vice had many things on his mind, dangerous plans that would one day have to take Nina away from him.
Thinking about this moment, he was testing Eve to see if he could trust her.
"Hmm, for the moment, yes... But problems can arise at any time." Vicente commented to her as he sat on one of the couches in his living room.
As she looked at him more seriously, imagining the things he was involved in at only 12 years old, suddenly the door of that house opened, and Nina came screaming in.
"Big brother! Aunt Eve!" Nina appeared in that room, much happier now that she was studying at the Academy of Stars and had been learning many things.
Other children normally excluded Nina because of her hearing situation. Still, she was solid and, after learning sign language, was learning lip reading from a teacher hired by her brother.
As she mastered new communication skills, she became more confident and happier with her time at the academy.
She also loved Eve and no longer thought about her and Vice's terrible situation daily.
Seeing his sister smiling, Vicente smiled sincerely. Seeing his sister well was one of the few things besides the progress of his plans that made him happy.
That way, they would soon have dinner and talk a little about their day with Nina.



Chapter 42 Reunion
In the blink of an eye, a whole year had passed...
In the last few months, things had been going well for Vicente's group, but for the moment, they were still focused on Martell Village, where more than 80% of the local suppliers were on his side.
He and his group still had opposition within the village and had not yet begun their operations in the shadows of nearby cities.
But soon, that would change!
...
Upon waking up in the morning, Vicente was soon eating breakfast next to Nina and Eve, something he had been doing almost every day since his agreement with three local merchants more than a year ago.
In the last few months, Nina had grown a lot, while Vice felt more comfortable trusting Eve.
They had been through a lot in the last year, and Nina had grown a little more, so Vice felt he could count on Eve even when he had to travel outside the village.
He had separated from Nina for the first time since the death of her parents two months ago on a business trip and, since then, had been giving Eve more responsibilities within this household.
In a few months, he would turn 14, and it would be time for his awakening. At that time, he would have to be away from home for a few days, and Nina would not be able to go with him, given her classes at the academy.
But now he wasn't worried about putting his sister in danger and was counting on Eve to take care of this little girl every day.
"Nina, hurry up, or you'll be late." He said as he signaled to his sister.
"I know, I'm coming." The little girl of almost 7 said this as she had a piece of toast in her mouth, putting her backpack on her back as she prepared to leave.
By now, she could lip-read, but her brother and Eve usually used signs with her, as it was much easier for her to understand them that way.
So, as Eve smiled to see Nina hurrying away, this young girl left.
Vicente thanked Eve for breakfast and then set off in the direction of his warehouse.
As he left the house, Vicente ran into some of his neighbors and greeted whoever spoke to him, something he always did.
Vicente was an active member of this society.
The whole village had learned to respect Vicente after he took over the businesses of several local merchants and hired more and more local residents.
Currently, he had more than 50 people working in his family's warehouse, where everyone thought that just normal merchant stuff happened.
Those who were part of his armed group were among these 50 individuals and the armed guards who traveled with those three merchants.
Few people knew of their existence, so Vice and his people had had no problems regarding the royal laws in the last few months.
But some people in this village knew that this young man was not simple and had men willing to fight for him.
This was one of the reasons he was respected locally!
As he walked through the village's central square, Vicente suddenly saw an old acquaintance from his academy days and narrowed his eyes.
A tall, blond young man was smiling and talking loudly to a group of people in front of the Academy of Stars building.
Seeing the Magic Gem in the shape of an Orange Pentagon, Vicente promptly remembered Darek, the young leader of the group that bullied Rory.
Not only did Vicente see him, but Darek also looked toward this black-haired fellow as Rory approached his friend.
"It looks like Darek just returned from Millfall, where he awakened his magical powers," Rory commented to Vicente, looking at the one responsible for him living several months in disgrace at the time of the academy.
"The bastard has a fucking unusual Magic Gem."
Vicente felt some of Rory's resentment in his friend's voice and stood silently watching in that fellow's direction.
Years had passed after Vice and Rory's battle against Darek's group. Rory had overcome what had happened as he had soon become stronger than Darek, and this young man had finished his time at the academy. However, seeing him with his Magic Gem, the number two in the Fuller family couldn't help but remember some of the dark times of his life.
Vice didn't comment at all as he watched Darek walk toward him and Rory.
"Well, look at it if it isn't you two, haha," Darek commented aloud as he stood next to his old friends from academy days. "Where is Ian? He's not in the village anymore?" He asked as if he was just another acquaintance of theirs.
Vicente then said. "Ian no longer lives in the village for some time. His family moved to Saltstar City 2 years ago."
 Ian had not returned to Martell Village since his departure over three years ago.
Less than a year after he began his studies at the Royal Academy of Saltstar City, his family had left this village with no intention of returning.
Vicente and Rory knew this as Ian's sister was a good friend of Lauren's and had visited Nina a few times then.
When her family left, she said goodbye to them and warned them that Ian was unlikely to return to this place.
Rory and Vicente understood Ian's situation then and did not blame him for not keeping his promise. After all, the trip was very long and had its dangers.
Vicente understood this more than anyone else.
Darek was not aware of this even though he had lived in the village most of those years after Ian's departure.
"Is that so? What a shame. You three were really great friends at the academy..." He said, smiling and looking at Vicente and Rory with an expression of superiority.
"Darek, we were away from the village for a few months... But I hear our old acquaintance Vice is now like a local boss." A young man who looked like a giant pig from how big he was, said, looking at those two and remembering the battle of that time.
"Oh? I heard that before our departure... It seems that Vicente is a great merchant." Darek looked at Rory and commented. "But next to this fellow, ah, that is not a surprise. Are there better salesmen than pimps?"
"Darek, don't be so bold in your words. Things between us are very different than they were back at the academy." Rory said, looking into the green eyes of this old rival. "Don't think that awakening your magical powers puts you in a position to face us.
So let me advise you, stay away so you won't regret it later."
The young men next to Darek did not like this and moved their mana, preparing to attack.
Amidst this, the people in the surrounding area realized what would happen and stepped back a bit, sensing that a show was about to start in the middle of the central square.
"Quick, call someone! These fools are defying Vicente!" Someone shouted, fearing for these young people who had spent a few months outside the village.
At that moment, Vicente raised one of his hands and smiled.
Bang!



Chapter 43 The Village Owner
Bang!
The moment Vicente raised one of his hands, everyone in Darek's group looked at it in doubt, but then the sound of a gunshot came.
A bullet covered in mana traveled at over 1,500 ms from its position until it passed beside Darek's cheek, making him turn pale with fear instantly after noticing the slight wound on that cheek.
The whole square became silent after that gunshot sound while the expressions of the young men in Darek's group changed from earlier smiles to seriousness and fear.
Vicente looked deeply at that blond young man and said. "You're not in the academy anymore. Remember that, Darek.
Out here, we don't act like children, and we don't condone childish idiocy. Be more careful with your manners. It would be bad if something like that had been aimed at the middle of your forehead..."
Gulp!
Darek looked at Vice with his eyes wide open and took a step back.
He now felt that he had stood face-to-face with death and provoked it.
His heart was beating faster, and all his instincts were telling him to run from there because something that could have killed him presumably had him in its aim right now.
And this was indeed the reality. Currently, Vicente had more than 15 armed men in this village, not even counting those working for his allied merchants.
Among these men, three always stayed at different points around this village to watch the paths he, Nina, and Rory traveled daily.
If anyone tried to harm them, the order Vicente had given these men was to shoot such people in the head without mercy!
If one of them raised one of their hands, then one of these men was to give a warning shot like the one one one of them had just given in the direction of Darek's cheek.
The man who had shot this tall, blond young man was with Darek in the aim of his rifle at this very moment, waiting to carry out his mission if necessary.
"Wait! Wait a minute, Vicente! I was just saying hello... I have no negative intentions." Darek said as his voice trembled.
The other young men in his group wanted to run, but Rory said. "You guys better not move too much. Our friends around the village have nervous fingers and might make a mistake if you move strangely."
Vicente looked at his associate's face and saw that Rory was trying hard not to smile.
Rory had never had the chance to really take revenge on these people. The battle years ago had been a draw, which had not satisfied him even though it had solved his problems.
In this situation, scaring them a little while humiliating them was excellent!
Gulp!
"Please don't do anything. We were just playing..." A fat, tall young man said this as the middle of his pants became darker.
Something began to drip down his shoes, forming a small puddle below him.
"He..."
"He pissed himself in fear?" Someone in the vicinity asked in a low voice, trying to hold back his laughter not out of fear of this fat man but of Vicente and Rory.
'What fools! Don't they know that this village practically belongs to Vicente and Rory?' One of the Duke's family guards in this village saw the situation from afar and shook his head negatively, seeing how foolish those young men were.
Technically the village was the king's, like all the cities in the kingdom. In a second analysis, it was under the Duke's management because it belonged to the province ruled by the Scott family.
But in the world, things were not so simple.
The owner of a place was not always the one who had the rights to property or government but the most powerful and influential.
Vicente did not want to own anything and did not interfere with the affairs of the nobles and the Duke of Province's family in this village, but he was the most influential locally. As such, many saw him as he deserved, as the leader of the village, or rather, the place's owner.
Vice looked into Darek's eyes in silence for a moment, seeing the nervousness of this young man. "Go away!"
With that shout, Darek and his group took off, running from there under the eyes of a few dozen people in the surrounding area.
Amid this, these people were already discussing the matter among themselves, seeing yet another reason to respect Vicente and Rory.
These two did not want to become famous and were intent on raising a family living in the shadows. It was not in their interest to be known and feared by an entire village.
But acting in such a small place where everyone knew they had no powers and depended on other forms of strength to act, they had no way of hiding part of their activities.
 They needed to have persuasion power in the village to justify their influence with many local suppliers and avoid problems.
It was contradictory to their interests, but it was necessary.
Vicente didn't bother to demonstrate a little more of his power today and soon continued on his way beside Rory, ignoring the comments about them in the surroundings.
"Let's go to my mother's brothel. She said she wanted to talk to you, Vicente." Rory said as he led the way, changing their plans a bit.
"What does she want?" He asked.
"My mother is not dumb. You know how she is." Rory said, indicating that it wasn't his fault. "She's already figured out what we intend to do. That's why she wants to talk to you."
"What are we going to do? What, in specific, does she think she knows?" Vicente looked at his friend in front of him.
"She thinks we will soon leave the village and expand our operations. In particular, she thinks we will get involved with the criminal underworld..."
"It seems that her hunches are really quite good..."
"What can I say? My mother lived her whole life relating to people from the underworld."
Prostitutes and their workplaces catered to all kinds of people in this society. From the marginalized scum to even the high nobility.
As someone with magnificent beauty in her youth, Rory's mother had gone off the deep end and met every type of client.
This enriched her but also gave her profound knowledge about how prostitution existed in this society.
Usually, brothels were closely related to criminal groups. As such, a good place to understand crime in this society was in places like this.
Vicente knew this and sighed, 'She probably realized this from our actions... Hmm, it will be good for us to leave the village and not relate so closely to people with her knowledge. That will avoid problems.'
"Alright, let's see what Miss Point has to say," Vice said before entering Rory's mother's brothel, following in that young man's footsteps.



Chapter 44 Advice
Upon entering Rory's mother's brothel, Vicente ignored the girls clearing the tables around the entrance hall, where customers usually drank and chatted before choosing their company.
No half-naked girls were around at the moment, so neither of these young men saw anything children should not see.
Both looked more like adults than children, but by local regulations, they were still juveniles and would be better off avoiding profane places like this.
But even if they saw something there, neither of them would mind.
Rory had grown up seeing breasts and asses, while Vicente had his memories of the time when he was on Earth and was a criminal.
"Vice, Rory, please, sit here." A beautiful redheaded woman said this as she saw these two arriving in front of her office.
Seeing Rory's mother, Vicente greeted her and avoided looking at this woman's beautiful cleavage.
Although she was no longer in her prime, Heidi Point had a very nice body with bountiful dimensions, as a good MILF should have.
"So, Miss Point, Rory told me you wanted to talk to me..." He said, looking into that woman's brown eyes.
She looked at Rory and then at Vice. "Not just to you. With both of you, actually.
I know that you and Rory have been very close since you were little and have been through a lot, he told me. So now that you guys are growing up and getting close to becoming adults, I think we need to talk."
In Polaris Realm, children didn't have as many rights until they turned 10. At that time, they would start working if they couldn't study in special academies and gain a little more freedom.
But only after the Magical Awakening would they gain full independence from their families and have rights and freedoms.
From the age of 14, one could join sects or clans, leave their family and start another, try to subordinate themselves to a higher power, etc.
Parents could not stop a young person of that age from doing whatever they wanted, so Rory's mother worried about her son and Vice, for they would soon reach such an age.
Both had shown in their recent behavior that they were ambitious, and she judged they would leave the village.
She said. "I see that you and Rory have found unique methods of negotiating and protecting yourselves. Given some of your recent moves, I think perhaps you are planning to start your journey in one of the provincial cities through the underworld.
Answer me honestly, is that what you want? To grow your partnerships using the contacts you can acquire in the underworld of our society?" She asked, looking seriously at Vicente.
The underworld of society was not necessarily related only to groups of murderers, thieves, etc. Even some noble powers supported groups in the underworld because they had easier access to opportunities, information, and much more.
Few had the courage to expose their real intentions and sell some resources in daylight. But in the darkness of the underworld, much of what was in demand in this society and was not sold in daylight was offered.
It was not easy to get contacts to take advantage of this offer, but if one got deeply involved, getting information and resources like this would be simpler.
In daylight, they would have to put in a lot more resources, get a lot more influence, and compete openly with great powers.
For someone growing from a small position, investing in normal growth methods was not interesting!
Vicente did not express his respect for this woman's wisdom and remained silent.
"Hmm, you don't need to tell me." She smiled as she propped her back on her chair. "I can see that's right.
So let me give you some advice.
I have lived in this world that you want to enter, so I know the dangers that lie in your path and how difficult it is to get out once you enter that journey.
I honestly would prefer that both of you stay here in the village, but both of you have a determination that I don't understand...
So if you're going to take that narrow, dark path, at least do it the right way." She sighed before continuing.
"What do you have in mind?" Vice asked.
She looked at him and said. "I believe you guys are going to start with Millfall, right? If that is the case, look for someone named Aaron Wilson in The Broken Vial. That is a magic item store in that town, and he is an old friend. Say Sweet Cheeks sent you."
"Aaron?"
"Sweet Cheeks?"
The two asked.
Even Rory had never heard his mother speak of her past by specific names. Whenever she told him anything, it was rather vague, always hiding many of the details that really needed to be hidden.
 She nodded positively to both of them. "Aaron owes me a favor and will help you. But make it clear to him that this will not involve me. He will only have to help you, and I personally do not want to be contacted. That will end the debt he owes me."
"Who exactly is Aaron?" Vicente asked.
"In the light of day, he works as a salesman in this magic store. But he's a local dealer, someone who has contacts and can introduce you to the right people, steer you away from some mistakes, but also harm you.
So don't step on the ball with him. Be honest with him, and don't try to pull the wool over his eyes. He's not the type to forget, whether for good or bad." She said this, looking at them seriously.
Seeing the two of them looking at each other, she closed her eyes briefly and then finished. "When you start your activities, be careful with whom you meet. Take a good look at who or what is behind the business you will be involved in.
It is a common mistake of newcomers to the underworld to think they have discovered the business of the millennium and try to get involved in things that already have owners...
Otherwise, don't offend anyone unless it is crucial and you have at least one ally.
But never think that an ally will be eternally loyal to your alliance or even that they will be your friends."
Hearing that, Rory was thrilled, seeing that his mother was supporting him even as he was turning away from her and going in a direction most parents would be disappointed to see their children go.
Vicente was grateful, feeling some of Heidi's motherly care.
"Thanks for the tips, Miss Point. After my mother, you are the person who cared about me the most. I won't forget that." He stood up and kissed one of Heidi's hands.
"As long as you take care of Rory, there is no need for you to worry about me." She said before asking Vice to leave for her to speak to her son alone.
After Vicente left that office, Heidi looked at her son and said in a resolute tone. "Rory, when you leave with Vicente, support him, but know that you do not always have to support him by standing by his side.
At some points in his journey, you will have to support him from afar and not get involved in the same problems as him.
I say this for your sake but also that of your friend. In the underworld, the worst thing for people involved with what they shouldn't be is their vulnerabilities.
If you are always with him, one will be the other's vulnerability. Then there will come a day when someone will use this against you.
Be willing to take the risk, or you will lose yourselves at that point."
"I understand." He said in a low voice before leaving to go to a meeting with Vicente.



Chapter 45 Towards Millfall
After Vicente dealt with the merchants of the Martell Village, a few weeks passed.
Vicente and Rory won new deals in this short period, finally gaining the business they needed to complete their rule over the Martell Village.
Their goal was not to use the village as headquarters for their group, but gaining control of this area was important to them. Besides being a test of what they would do on a larger scale in the future, it had also been a good experience for them to understand how people related to nobles and royalty would behave towards them.
No important people were in the village, but the Duke's men were there to enforce the law.
Vicente had understood that this place he was in was very flexible. He could be ambitious, act openly against his competitors, and even use violence to a certain extent.
As long as he didn't aim for big business and didn't try to change the rules or the status of everyone involved in this society, there was plenty of room for them.
Using coins to win 'friends' made things even easier than on good old Earth. Bribery was an answer that should not be ignored!
As time passed, it was finally time for this social 'experiment' of Vicente and Rory's to come to an end!
Just a few weeks before their 14th birthday, it was finally time for them to leave for Millfall.
Millfall was a nearby city of 60,000 inhabitants. There they could awaken their magical powers and finally develop their business further.
With a difference of only a few weeks between their birthdays, Vicente and Rory had little left to hold them back in the village!
...
"Nina, I will leave tonight for Millfall," Vice said to his little sister, lying beside her on a large couch in the living room.
Seeing the signs of her brother, Nina felt her eyes getting watery while her heart beat faster.
This girl had become accustomed to spending less and less time with Vicente, but this trip would be different from all the others. He would awaken his powers, just as Lauren had done years ago!
"But..." She murmured, looking at Vice as the beautiful Eve looked at the two of them and sighed.
"Don't worry, Nina. What happened to the older sister was rare and hard to repeat." Vicente signaled to his sister as he smiled confidently. "I don't know if I will have a talent like Lauren's or like our parents'. But regardless, I will do my Awakening in Millfall, not Saltstar City!"
Just as on Earth, the best professionals were usually found in large cities; The most powerful and talented were easier to find in the largest cities in Polaris Realm.
Consequently, Saltstar City and Millfall had experts of totally different levels!
Nina knew that the chances of a member of a powerful sect or clan being in Millfall watching the Awakening would be slim. However, she couldn't help but worry.
"Why do we have to awaken our powers in front of the public? Why can't we do that in secret? It would be amazing to do that in the middle of a forest!" She said, not liking that at all.
Eve smiled and explained. "Nina, in the past of Polaris Realm, most humans couldn't awaken their magical abilities. Why is that? Simple, the Magic Gems were scattered worldwide, and few could get the right conditions to stimulate one of them.
But with the followers of the Congregation of Revelations, everything changed. The faith of this religion brought people together, and the founding genius created the Awakening Temple after becoming an Archmage."
Congregation of Revelations was the most acclaimed religion in Polaris Realm, which was behind the Awakening Temples, which was around this continent.
Hundreds of millions of people followed the faith of this religion, and it determined good and evil in this society.
"They then gathered Magic Gems found all around the continent and found a way to stimulate them whenever they wanted. From then on, the magical development of the continent was possible. The number of magicians jumped, and only because of that ordinary people like us can awaken their powers and dream." Eve said with a twinkle in her eyes.
Not only was this religion the most widely followed, but it was also behind all the teaching material in states like this. From childhood, people were taught what the leaders of the Congregation of Revelations said was the truth.
Eve was one of the many devotees of this religion, as were most of the people in Martell Village.
Vicente heard this and said nothing. He had learned the same, but as someone from Earth, he didn't like religions very much.
He particularly had nothing against them and, in fact, thought that they had their means of helping people. But in the history of the Earth, how many wars have not happened because of wrong people using the power of faith?
Someone might say this was the people's fault, not the religion's. But that was wrong. Religion had so much power that it could hardly be stopped!
Sooner or later, someone wrong could use them, and from then on, one could only work to lessen the damage of an unscrupulous leader.
But he would not dare to speak against the Congregation of Revelations and was silent as he listened to Eve.
"But..." Nina muttered.
Vice sighed and said. "There's nothing to be done, Nina. We could try our luck, but there would be no guarantee of getting our Magic Gems one day. Unfortunately, we are not in the position to refuse the methods of the Awakening Temple."
 Seeing tears streaming from Nina's little face, he wiped them away with his hands and communicated with her. "I want you to stay with Eve.
Your school year at Academy of Stars will be over soon, but until my Awakening, I want you to stick around.
But rest assured. I will come and get you so we can go live in Millfall before your next school year begins."
"You promise?" She asked him, looking at Vicente as she wiped away her tears.
"Hmm, I promise. In the meantime, I will register you at an academy in Millfall, so say goodbye to your friends and play a lot. We'll start a new part of our lives in a few months." He played with her hair after saying this.
Nina accepted such a thing more easily.
Even if she had to leave her friends in the village very soon, what mattered most to her was to be by her big brother's side!
After seeing Nina improving her mood, Eve looked at Vicente and said. "You must be careful. Millfall is not far away, nor does it have many dangerous people. Still, for ordinary people like us, every place has its dangers."
"I know," Vicente commented in a low voice. "Don't worry. I'll be back to get you and Nina faster than you think.
By all means, be cautious. Even with several of my men staying behind, you never know... Be prepared in case something happens."
"Hmm, I'll do my best." She nodded to him as she felt the revolver on one of her legs.
Eve had also joined the Fuller family in recent months after Vicente had concluded that she was reliable enough.
Anyway, after talking to them, time would pass quickly, and soon Vice would leave with Rory for Millfall.
The time was coming for both of them to awaken their magical powers!



Chapter 46 Arriving at Millfall
Time passed, and finally, Vicente and Rory left Martell Village.
For the next few days, they would travel in a carriage alongside four men from their group. Among them, three were Junior Apprentices, young men in their first years since their Magical Awakening.
Like many Martell Village residents, low-talented people would need to strive their entire lives to reach the Acolyte stage.
Only the village's slightly more talented could pass this first stage in their youth.
Precisely because of this, even though they had passed their Awakenings a few years ago, these young subordinates of Vicente still struggled to transcend the first magic level.
Meanwhile, next to them was an older man, the only one of Andrew's group that Vice had brought into his family so far.
This tall, strong man with tanned skin and an aggressive appearance, a typical field worker, was a Senior Apprentice not far from becoming an Acolyte.
One way or another, they were all properly armed, with enough ammunition to attack a headquarters.
Vicente had not decided to take them on this trip to protect himself from high-level threats, such as the one that had victimized his family.
No weapon would make a difference against such high-level opponents!
What motivated him was the everyday dangers of the roads, such as petty theft, encounters with wild animals, and so on.
All beings in Polaris Realm had the chance to awaken their magical powers and become stronger. This was true for humans but also for animals, plants, minerals, etc.
Everything was possible in this world!
Magical beings existed in heaps, and one had to be careful when traveling on roads, even in weak places like the vicinity of Martell Village.
But Vicente's bad luck would not catch up with him and his group this time, and for the next few hours, they would have relative peace of mind on their journey to Millfall.
...
The trip between Millfall and Martell Village was not a long one.
The distance between these places was tens of kilometers, so traveling by carriage took Vicente's group only half a day to reach this city of just over 50,000 inhabitants.
It was neither Rory's nor Vicente's first time there. Seeing this place again, they both wasted no time observing the buildings and the local movement.
The difference between Millfall and Martell Village was simply in scale.
No buildings in this town were particularly eye-catching apart from the Awakening Temple. All the rest of the city was much like the village of these two but with more streets and properties.
The movement in the center of the city was quite distinct from the movement in the center of the village, but only there were things like that.
In any other neighborhood, one could experience living in a place with almost the same tranquility as the Martell Village.
The big difference was that if one needed some slightly more qualified service, one would only have to walk a few blocks in this town. In Martell Village, one would have to travel the roads of Scott Province.
Vice watched the people walking in the streets and observed an area further out of town where there were several vacant lots and abandoned houses.
'Should I buy or build a house?' He asked himself.
There were advantages and disadvantages to each option. On the one hand, he could get a property more quickly and spend less by buying a derelict site. But on the other, he could build something his way and build what he would actually use.
But before deciding, he needed to check a few things locally.
"Let's leave to talk to the person your mother mentioned after we have settled some matters locally," Vicente said to Rory.
"Wouldn't it be better to already start with what information we can get from this contact?" Rory asked as he looked into Vicente's eyes.
Vicente shook his head negatively. "Let's not get involved with anyone for now. All I want is a place to bring the family from the village here.
This place will not be used for our purposes. It will be the house where Nina and I will live."
"Oh?"
"We will choose our location in a second moment after we talk to him. We will buy a property located near our objectives locally."
Rory frowned his eyebrows. "You want to be close to our future enemies?"
 "Hmm, we don't trust them, so nothing better than to watch them closely. It will be easier, despite the danger." Vice nodded.
"What else will we do before we talk to Aaron?"
"We'll settle some business. After we finish taking the suppliers from our rivals in Martell Village, we need to secure some contracts but also seek information." Vicente became more serious. "We will awaken our magical powers in a short time. We have to prepare for that and start planning our next actions.
Unfortunately, our contracts will not give us the profits we need to produce better and more numerous weapons. We need alternative sources of income!"
Rory immediately understood what Vicente's interest was!
"Who are we going to rob?" He asked in a lower tone.
Vicente smiled and muttered. "Someone the town despises. Someone who is dirty and has obtained riches they shouldn't have, who won't receive support in their moment of weakness."
They didn't have a name yet, but they were sure there were people like that in the city.
Unlike the village, in Millfall, there were nobles, several families of Barons, and even a Viscount.
Vicente believed the local nobles here were as corrupt, if not more corrupt, than those in Middle-Age Europe.
If this was the case, one of these nobles had to have a dirty record.
This was the person Vicente planned to act against!
Rory had been training in assault techniques, breath control, and weapon handling for several months, and he couldn't help but look forward to finally putting some of his skills into practice.
"I'm looking forward to it."
Vicente smiled at his friend and said. "We'll look into it and create a plan. We'll reevaluate what we decide after our Awakening."
"That's good."
When the two agreed on what to do, their carriage stopped in front of an inn near the center of town.
The men from Vice's group, all dressed in black suits with hats on their heads, opened the carriage doors and followed alongside the two.
Each of them watched their surroundings carefully, using the security technique that Vice had taught them to keep alert in unfamiliar places.
They made their way to the reception desk of the inn and soon got their rooms.
Vicente had no coins to waste, so they got a standard place where they could rest without unnecessary luxuries.
It was still morning when they settled into this inn, so after 2 hours of rest from their journey, they headed for lunch and business.



Chapter 47 In Search of a Home
It didn't take long for Vicente's group to move on to find property in this town after they rested and ate.
Following the information they had gotten from the inn where they had stayed, they drove halfway across town to a house farther from the center.
This zone looked like a piece of a residential neighborhood where the main businesses in the surrounding area were located.
There were stores selling food, restaurants, and taverns, but also stores selling clothes, shoes, and things like that.
Although this was a world very much like the medieval Europe, the services and businesses were much more developed.
Because of the wealth of those able to manipulate mana in their bodies, the services in this society had developed faster than certain aspects.
Education in this society was not universal, but any fool knew that the skills of mortals unable to manipulate mana could provide them with opportunities for social advancement. Cooks, shoemakers, sewists, and many other ordinary professionals worked hard, and some had their stores in places like this one.
This society needed all these and many other businesses, so even streets far from the center of cities the size of Millfall had commerce in their main avenues.
In the middle of this trading place in the middle of a residential neighborhood, Vicente and his group got off their carriage, looking at one of the houses on this avenue.
This place seemed ordinary at first sight, just another residence, the ignorant would say.
But Vicente and his people knew that there was one of the few people in this city who was allowed to sell local property.
This underdeveloped society had its rules!
Although private property existed only in cities, where the king gave up his right to the land in his dominions, not just anyone could sell it.
The Duke was the one who appointed people for this kind of service, and only such people were allowed to trade properties in cities.
Each town had one such person for every 20,000 inhabitants, so only three people were allowed to trade local properties in Millfall.
The house in front of Vice's group was one of the workplaces of one of these three!
Seeing a line of people at the only entrance to that house, Rory made an unhappy expression and looked at Vicente. "Shall we wait our turn?"
"Why not? We are not special, and there are only five people in front of us." Vicente smiled, "Let's take the opportunity to try to learn a little more about this place."
After saying those words, Vicente approached the group of people in the muddy line outside that house.
"Hello, sir. Please could you tell me what this line is for?" He politely asked a short, fat, middle-aged man who had a standard Magic Gem on his forehead.
The man looked at Vicente and noticed how well-dressed this young man was.
Vicente already looked more like an adult than a child by the standards of this world, so this man did not underestimate this youth. "Kid, this line is for people buying property. Broker Grant is now confirming some deals with an officer at this property."
"Oh? What would you advise someone interested in visiting the properties negotiated by broker Grant?" Vicente asked as Rory and his men approached him.
This man, also well-dressed, with rich looks, smell, and manner of speaking, looked at them and said. "If this is what you want here, wait a moment. You will not need to speak directly with broker Grant but with one of his assistants.
One of them has just entered this house, so she should return soon to serve those interested in local properties."
"So that's it... Thanks for the information. Have a good time."
After that, Vicente smiled at Rory, shaking his head negatively at this friend of his.
A few minutes later, they listened to some conversations in the surroundings, learning a little more about this place, until a blonde-haired woman in a dark blue dress appeared in front of the house.
"Is anyone here waiting to meet our properties for sale?"
Vicente raised one of his hands, attracting that woman's attention.
"Are you guys after land or a house?" She asked as she approached them, carrying a clipboard in one of her hands.
Rory answered. "We are in search of both. We'll need two properties, but we want to check out the options before we decide to build or buy something ready-made."
"So that's it." She gently smiled, interested in the two businesses they wanted.
Vicente and Rory didn't look noble, but they didn't look poor either. Besides being well-dressed, they had polite manners and had guards.
This was a good enough sign for this saleswoman not to despise them just because they were juveniles.
 "What are your names?" She asked as she led them into that house.
"This here is my friend, Rory, and I am Vicente."
"My name is Aurora. So, Vicente and Rory, would you be willing to sign a purchase commitment with us? Obviously, we will give you some benefits with that." She suggested to avoid wasting her time with people unable to pay for her commission.
Only three people in the entire city were behind the local property business. None of them had time to waste with people who were unsure about their buying interests!
"It wouldn't be a problem," Vicente said. "But what benefits would those be?"
She welcomed them into her small office and said. "With a purchase commitment, I will meet you any time of day, take you to visit each of our locations, and Broker Grant guarantees 10 years of tax-free for you."
Everyone in Vicente's group opened their eyes in surprise.
This guarantee was pretty good!
In the Seidel Kingdom, there was no income tax. Yet, there were taxes on private property located in cities with more than 50,000 inhabitants.
The amount was not low, 5% of the property value!
However, they did not know that anyone buying property in Millfall would already receive this discount for 10 years...
"Well, I guess we can sign that agreement." Rory agreed with Vice.
With those sweet words, they soon signed such a commitment, and the beautiful Aurora told them. "Very well, we currently have 6 houses and 10 plots of land at our disposal.
Only one of the plots of land is in the central part of town. Millfall has grown a lot in recent years, so if I were you, I would take advantage of the opportunity. There won't be any others after that..."
As she spoke, she opened a book with a map of the town, showing the locations of the houses and land to Vicente and Rory.
After looking at it for almost 30 minutes, the two decided which locations they wanted to see first.
Without further ado, they set off to visit these properties!
...
Two days later, Vicente and Rory had seen all the properties available in Millfall and were at this moment standing in front of the one they had decided to buy.
They had not yet decided on the second place they would buy because they would meet Aaron another day. But the place where Nina would live with Vicente would be the one in front of them, a nice 3-bedroom property in a residential neighborhood near the center of Millfall.
"It's not bad. From this place, Nina will be able to walk to the local academy." Vicente commented to Rory, satisfied with this choice.



Chapter 48 Finding Aaron
Looking at the property, a little smaller than his house in Martell Village, Vicente wondered what Nina would think of the place and smiled, considering the 30 gold coins worth of this house.
In his savings, he had enough to pay for this place and the one he would use as his family headquarters with Rory and the rest of his armed men.
Rory looked at the two-story house, with parts made of stone and others of wood, feeling that its location was good enough to host Nina and Eve.
"From here, Nina will be able to go to the academy on her own in a year or two." He commented to Vicente as the men around them saw another reason their boss chose this place.
'From here, we can put someone in the attic, and he will have a view directly to the local academy...' Andrew's former employee thought as he looked at the top of that house. 'That could be used for us to protect Nina and do other things.'
One of the young men in that group looked toward the direction of the academy and said in a low voice. "We will have a view of some routes of young nobles... It will be a good place for observation."
One of the other guards in Vicente's group agreed, figuring that as much as their boss wouldn't use this place for dangerous operations, putting an observer there wouldn't cost them anything.
They had all learned many things from Vicente in the last few months. They could already put the habits they had learned into practice without even making an effort.
The thought of planning actions on behalf of the family was taking root in their minds. When analyzing a place like this, they couldn't help but notice the possibilities.
Vicente ignored his men's comments and said. "Let's go to that broker's house. I want to close this deal immediately."
"What about the other property, boss?" One of the young men who had participated in Jesse's murder asked.
"We'll visit Aaron later and decide after this meeting."
With that said, they set off back to the house they had visited earlier, on a commercial street in the middle of a residential neighborhood.
...
After a few hours, Vicente and Rory left the property of the broker they had visited, both with smiles on their faces.
They had closed the first of their purchases in this city and bought the property they had been viewing earlier.
It would take a few days for the deal to be finalized and the property to pass into Vicente's name. But it would all be done in no more than 10 days, and he could receive the property.
He would bring some of the furniture from his home in Martell Village, but he would still have to go shopping in Millfall in the next few days.
However, that was the least of it at the moment. When they had finished with this problem, the group left for The Broken Vial, the store that Rory's mother had directed them to.
This store was in the central part of town, not far from where they had done business.
They were already in front of this place in only a few minutes!
...
After getting off their carriage, Vicente and Rory did not stop to look at the store for magic items where Aaron was supposed to work and entered the store without ceremony.
Upon entering, they found a place that looked like a small Earth market, with various items scattered on shelves all around.
The place was not large, so there were only four aisles separated by shelves, with a large counter at the back of the store and two payment booths beside the entrance.
At the moment, one person was at one of the counters, while about four more people were there, either customers or employees.
Everyone there had Magic Gems on their foreheads, some common, but some unusual.
Vicente and Rory then approached the woman at the payment counter, and one of them asked. "Hello, could you tell me if anyone here is named Aaron Wilson?"
The middle-aged woman that Rory asked looked at them and said. "Go to the back of the store, and you will find him there."
Rory thanked, and soon he and Vicente were standing next to the counter at the back of the store, where a person was putting potions on the shelf behind the counter.
In this store, there were many vials around. From what Vice had noticed, some were simpler, containing liquids such as blood from magical beasts, special water, in short, solutions of all kinds. But there were also some with pills and magic elixirs, which could be directly consumed.
There were other types of items around, like plants and herbs, and some strange instruments neither Vice nor Rory knew what they were for.
In any case, these items contained a lot of mana, and they both knew that several were special and different from ordinary artifacts.
In Polaris Realm, there were two types of objects—those with mana and those without.
An item, whatever its origin, that could absorb and hold mana within itself could be used in infinite ways by magicians. Everything would depend on the will and imagination of the one using it.
 But items unable to hold mana naturally had less importance to magicians. However, they had their uses for many things in this society.
"Are you Aaron?" Rory asked the man working with the elixirs in that part of the store.
Such a person shook his head negatively and pointed to the side, indicating for them to wait for the person in question to come to them.
A minute later, a tall, thin man with a mustache and black hair mixed with some gray appeared there.
He was dressed in a black robe and had a curious look on his face as he looked at these two youths.
"Are you two looking for me?" He asked with a discreet smile at the corner of his lips.
Vicente stepped forward and said. "Senior Aaron, this one next to me is Rory, and I am Vicente. We're here on Sweet Cheeks' recommendation. She said the senior would help us."
"Sweet Cheeks?" Aaron's eyes narrowed as he looked at the young red-haired man next to Vicente.
'Is that her son?' He remembered that woman who had helped him settle in this town years ago.
At the time, Rory's mother was still a prostitute. Yet, her position was not simple, which was why she had managed to gather wealth so that she no longer had to do the things she had done for almost 50 years!
Rory's mother was not young!
Like a 2nd stage magician, she had a life expectancy of over 200 years, so, at 81 years of age, she looked like a mature woman, not an old woman as Vicente would have imagined if he had asked her age.
Aaron remembered his debt and said. "Come with me. We'll talk in my office."



Chapter 49 Awakening Time 1
As they settled themselves outside Aaron's living room, Vicente and Rory momentarily observed the place's decor.
There were several medals and first-place awards from competitions on a shelf behind where Aaron sat a few moments after receiving them.
The decoration of this office was vintage, with various leather items, a stuffed moose head, and daggers of various types displayed as if they were also awards.
From the looks of the place, Aaron should be a hunter.
Vicente narrowed his eyes at this but said nothing.
Aaron looked silently at Rory for a few moments. But soon, he opened his mouth, breaking the silence in the room. "So, Rory, what exactly do you want with me? Sweet Cheeks sent you here for what exactly?"
Rory looked at Vicente and then at that man. "I would like to make something clear, senior Aaron. Vice and I did not come here on her account. She made it clear to us to inform you that this has no relation to her.
She merely guided us, and your help will pay the debt that the senior owes to her. So we are here for us and not for her."
Aaron nodded affirmatively. "Of course, she left this world and didn't want to return. I understand. But why would she send you to me? Not that I don't want to pay my debt to her, but I find it a little strange."
Vice said. "She knows she can't stop Rory and me from going our ways, so she indicated you because she thinks you can help us lessen some risks."
"Risks about what?" He looked at Vicente and narrowed his eyes.
This black-haired young man was straight to the point. "Risks from the underworld on us."
After hearing this, Aaron's eyes opened wider, and he leaned his back against his armchair. "So that's it..."
Rory said. "We have a business we want to bring into this city, but we're still uncertain about how the local powers are subdivided. Surely someone with your contacts can help us with that."
"But why do you guys want to get involved with the underworld?" He questioned. "You can certainly grow by acting in the light of day."
He could introduce these young people to the local underworld and quickly pay off his debts, helping these two with the basics. But the underworld was complicated.
Every action had its implications, and he preferred to get involved in something that could potentially hit him in the future without even knowing the motivations of the people he associated with.
Vicente replied. "We believe there is more room in the underworld. We know the risks and accept them, given the opportunities that exist in the shadows of the night. We have some ideas for products and services that we believe are in short supply in Millfall but will have a better chance of success if we use alternative avenues to present them to society."
Vicente's manner was unusual for a 14-year-old, as Aaron thought both of these young men had. Looking into this boy's black eyes, he pondered for a moment.
'This young man knows what he is about to do... He does not speak like a fool about to make the mistake of his life.'
Thinking about it, Aaron looked back at Rory, noting that this young man had potential but nothing compared to Vicente. Heidi's son was certainly not the leader there, the number two at most.
The hierarchy of the two was evident, something that immediately pleased Aaron.
In the underworld, more than anywhere else, hierarchy was crucial. Without a clear distinction between the possibilities of each person involved, a project would hardly work out.
Aaron then said. "All right, what do you need? I will help you but don't get me into trouble. If you get involved in what you shouldn't, I won't hesitate to pretend I don't know you."
Upon hearing this, Rory smiled at Vice as that young man grinned quietly.
"We have some plans, but we need the information to make some adjustments," Vice said, with no intention of telling the things he intended to do. "First of all, we need to know the composition of the relevant powers in the light of day and in the darkness of the night.
Nobles, rich men, merchants, and criminal groups. We need to know at least the basics of each of them, where they are, where they operate, what they operate."
That was the kind of basic information that someone entering the underworld would have to know to not step where they shouldn't.
Any fool with a few gold coins and a modicum of patience would discover these things by investigating for themselves.
Talking about it was not a problem for Aaron.
"What else?"
"Second, we need help getting close to some of these powers."
"Who exactly?" Aaron looked into Vicente's eyes seriously.
Vicente replied. "I don't know. That depends on the first thing I asked you for. Without that information, I cannot tell you who I want to contact."
"I see."
 "Third, I want to know about good suppliers of local minerals and also blacksmiths."
"Blacksmiths? Do you intend to produce something for sale?"
"Sort of," Rory replied.
With that said, they talked for a few moments, with Vicente and Rory making it clear what they needed, which was not at all excessive for Aaron.
When they were done talking, Aaron promised to tell them who was in the local power game for them in a few days.
Unfortunately for the two of them, he had an appointment in a few minutes and would be out of Millfall for the next week.
In the meantime, a subordinate of his would find them by the following days to pass them a document about Millfall's invisible division.
This city had its own map with the areas of influence of the faction groups that someone like Vicente or Rory would need to watch out for.
For the assurance of both parties, they signed a Magical Agreement with Aaron, guaranteeing that this man no longer owed Heidi anything, as well as their agreement would end once they received all the information and help they agreed upon that day.
"Alright, boys, good luck in your future endeavors," Aaron said as he stood up, indicating the exit to Vice and Rory. "If your business is promising, you can look me up. I'll be interested in doing business with you."
"But if not, let us stay away," Rory said with a smile on his face.
"Exactly!"
After shaking hands with the two, Aaron watched them leave, soon after going his own way.
...
After meeting Aaron, Vicente, and Rory spent two days preparing for their next steps in this city, fighting daily and training their combat skills.
The men in their group continued their training whenever they had time, sometimes even receiving tips from Vice and Rory.
As much as Rory didn't have Vicente's experiences, Vice had taught him since childhood, so he had a much more excellent proficiency in many things than these men.
And so, before they received contact from one of Aaron's men, the time had finally come for Rory's Awakening!
Rory was older than Vicente by a few weeks, so he would go through the Awakening Ceremony the next day!



Chapter 50 Awakening Time 2
Vicente and Rory awoke early the next day, quickly making their first meal for this glorious day.
Today Rory would awaken his powers!
Not only was Vicente happy that his friend had reached this point in his journey, but he was also looking forward to seeing the powers that Rory would get.
No one knew who Rory's father was, so his powers were very likely to be a surprise to all of them.
But none of them were raising expectations about Rory's talent, but rather what ability he would have.
No one believed his talent would escape the ordinary and probably be between Orange and Yellow.
But in this world, the Magic Gem was not only associated with the magical form of its owner but how their powers might develop along their journey.
One could develop unique powers by connecting a Magic Gem to one or more Magic Pentagrams.
For example, someone with an elemental affinity for water, without any Pentagrams, could more easily use their mana to manipulate that element. But by adding Pentagrams, the greater affinity for water could evolve and form water-based attack forms.
Along their journey, one could, for example, form a water avatar, creating a form of power that would be hard to find similar in the world, like a unique power form.
Some could form weapons, others special powers capable of predicting the future, controlling objects, etc.
There were no limits to this, and it all depended on how far one could go!
So all of Vicente's group was anxious when they finished eating at a local tavern and went to the local Awakening Temple!
...
Upon arriving in front of the temple in the middle of Millfall, Vicente came upon a building similar to the one in Saltstar City.
The Awakening Temple belonged to the Congregation of Revelations, so all their buildings around Polaris Realm followed the same construction model.
Precisely because of this, what one could achieve in this temple in Millfall, Saltstar City, or any other on the continent, would be the same.
One's powers depended more on their own characteristics than on the temple in which one awakened their powers.
The difference was the presence of specialists capable of inviting young people and changing their fate.
As such, for people who did not want to be chosen by influential organizations, regardless of their talents, smaller towns like Millfall were somewhat interesting.
Rory intended to stay by Vicente's side and was okay with awakening his powers in Millfall. Seeing the coliseum-shaped temple in front of him, he felt nervous, full of curiosity as to what he would get there.
"Shall we go there?" Vicente smiled at him, giving Rory a light slap on the back.
Rory nodded and walked up the stairs in front of the coliseum.
Vicente watched families gathering with the young people who would awaken their skills this day in the surrounding area, but he was not so moved.
There wasn't a single day that he didn't think about Lauren and the day his father died. But he didn't see this place as a weakness or a problem that would make him feel bad there.
What had happened to Lauren could have happened anywhere else. After all, Magic Gems were always visible on the foreheads of magicians, so sooner or later, those interested in his sister's powers could take her.
He walked up the stairs in front of the Awakening Temple with Rory without bothering about what had happened about 3 years ago.
He soon saw the temple members guiding the people there.
"Who among you will awaken your powers today?" A woman dressed in the temple uniform asked their group after a few minutes of them standing there.
Rory raised his right hand and smiled. "I will. I turned 14 last night."
"Okay, follow..." She quickly pointed him in the way Rory should go.
After that, she directed Vicente and his men to proceed to the spectators' area.
"Boss, are you anxious? It will soon be your day to follow the path that Rory is taking today." One of the young men following Vicente asked.
The older man among these Vicente warriors looked at the son of his former boss with a little apprehension, knowing that although it was a critical moment for his group, it was also a delicate matter for Vice.
But Vicente replied softly, with sincerity in his words, "Yes, indeed I am. I look forward to the day when I will know my limits to adjust my plans. My talents are probably not great, but I believe that with my weapons, I can go further than many imagine.
 The same goes for you."
Seeing their boss looking at them, these men nodded to Vicente, feeling good that their leader cared about them and gave them a chance to challenge their destinies.
As they smiled, they soon reached the second level of the coliseum. There they got one of the galleries with a good view of where Rory was standing.
Rory was already standing on the Awakening Platform with more than a dozen other youths, all looking around anxiously.
This was particularly true for Rory, for unlike Vicente, he had never seen any Awakenings before.
But his nervousness would soon subside as time passed. When the middle of the day came, the same voice Vicente had heard in Saltstar City sounded in that place, starting the ceremony.
"That voice... I heard it when I was in the Awakening Temple in Saltstar City." Vicente commented while frowning his eyebrows.
Someone near Vicente heard this and commented in a humorous tone. "That's natural. That is the voice of the temple master of our Seidel Kingdom. All temples around the kingdom are activated by him daily in the middle of the day."
Vicente and his men looked at the young blond man with an unusual Magic Gem on his forehead.
"I didn't know that," Vice said. "Thanks for the information."
"It's nothing, haha." That blond young man smiled. "Is anyone from your group awakening today? My little sister is here for her awakening. I'm looking forward to seeing her great powers show themselves!"
"I hope she succeeds," Vicente stated. "My friend is going to awaken his powers in this group... I am also looking forward to it.
By the way, my name is Vicente."
"Pleasure to meet you, Vicente. My name is Lukas." That young man moved his hat, greeting this young man who did not look simple, although accompanied by ordinary people. "Are you far from your awakening?"
"No, I'll be down there soon," Vice said, looking at the Awakening Platform.
"Good for you... If fate brings us together again, I'll be eager to find out your results."
After saying that, that blond young man turned his attention to the platform where the Awakening Ceremony was initiated at this moment!