Chapter 251 Conversations
In the blink of an eye, Vicente and his men, along with Jasmine, left the scene of the confrontation in their carriage and headed for Millfall.
Leaving Mark and the gray-haired woman, Layla, behind, Mark howled with rage as he shouted in frustration, hating their situation.
Vicente ruined all his plans!
Without 'his' precious resources, with Jasmine kidnapped and Layla still alive, everything had gone wrong for Mark this morning!
"A thousand devils! How could that bastard be so strong? How did he survive a bloody yellow pentagram only at the 2nd stage?" He shouted as he fell to his knees, pounding the ground.
Layla sighed as she removed Vicente's spear from his abdomen, feeling a lot of pain but not afraid of dying since she had a great recovery potion in her spatial ring.
"We were surprised by him. But if he's really willing to go through with that deal..."
"Do you think he'll go through with the deal? Wake up, Layla! Cesar has Jasmine under control! Do you think he'll let us leave with some of his stuff like nothing happened?" He looked at her without his mask, showing a look that basically said how stupid she was to think of following such a deal.
She also had her mask off and looked at him thoughtfully. "If he does what you suggest, the Mazzanti family will be wiped out. There's no reason for him to deceive us. We are free to tell the world what he has done against House Irwin.
Does he have Jasmine? We hold his family's future in our hands. He has no choice but to make that deal. This is his only chance!"
"Tsk! You really are stupid!" He said as he took his healing potion.
"If you think he won't do what he promised, then what will we do?" She ignored his comment.
"Our only option! We'll get allies to deal with the bastard in Millfall!"
"You're crazy! That will kill Jasmine!" She brandished, fearing for the life of her best friend.
"If you disagree, Layla, go your own way. I will save Jasmine, no matter what it takes!" He glared at her with hatred as he started to walk towards Ironcrest.
"I hope you don't get us all killed. Don't forget what he said." She stood up, determined to go to Millfall to fulfill the deal Vice had proposed. "He'll kill Jasmine if you draw his attention or cause any strange movements."
"Don't worry. I'm as concerned about her well-being as you are. I won't contact the organization. Just a few contacts who will keep what we do a secret."
The two went their separate ways, Layla heading for Millfall while Mark returned to Ironcrest.
...
Meanwhile, Vicente was in his carriage with Jasmine, having already placed several restrictive items on her body capable of blocking one's mana and special abilities.
After doing so and searching the woman's spatial ring, he gave her a recovery potion so she wouldn't die or suffer complications from her previous injuries.
Vicente wanted to kill Jasmine and the rest of her cronies, but he couldn't risk the woman's well-being just yet.
If Jasmine's two companions betrayed her and sought help from the Congregation of Revelations, her life would be the only thing he could use to protect his party.
'They won't make it easy for me... I must develop my skills and weapons as much as possible during this journey, or I'll be finished.' Vicente thought to himself as the blonde woman looked at him.
As he thought about it, he remembered Shelby's suggestion that he should go on the 3rd-stage basilisk's hunt. 'I have to go to The Rocky Gorge and join the hunt. If I succeed, I'll get items and resources for my men.'
As he thought about the problem, his only answer was to become stronger, to increase the strength of his men and the number of people in the Mazzanti family.
How would he do that? By taking advantage of the opportunities he knew.
One was the 3rd-stage basilisk's hunt. Another was the auction Lukas had told him about weeks ago.
'I will participate in that auction and the competition for the main resource to be auctioned.' He considered. 'I also have to bring into my family the two friends of Lukas that Rory has already probed. With my current resources, I can easily meet their and Casey's demands.
While Vice planned, Jasmine looked at him, wondering what such a person would do to her. Not fully trusting Mark and Layla to save her life, she was sure that she would have to act on her own or die at the hands of this man.
"Cesar, what do you want?" She asked, staring at the holes in his mask. "What do you expect from kidnapping a member of the Congregation of Revelations?"
Vicente pushed his thoughts aside as he looked at the pink-haired woman before him. "I hope your companions value your life. If that happens, once my companion has erased your memories of me, we can continue our lives without any problems for either side."
"Impossible. You won't let us leave with your gold." She said, confident that he wouldn't make such an easy move. "Cesar, if you kill us, you'll bring trouble upon yourself, even if you erase the traces of what you did against us. You must be wondering how we discovered you without you leaving any trace of your theft, right?"
"How did you do it?" He asked.
"That was my skill." She smiled at him, narrowing her eyes and forming a menacing smile. "I'm not the only one with such abilities. If I die, or if my whole group dies, someone will find out what happened to us sooner or later. By then, you'll be hunted down by the strongest organization in Polaris Realm!"
 "It's not wise to threaten the one who has the power to kill you, miss." Vicente quickly put a blade to Jasmine's neck and looked into her eyes.
"If you want to kill me, go ahead. You'll be dead in less than a year." She said with some confidence. "But if you want to live, give up any foolish plans. We can make a deal that's beneficial to both of us."
"Is that so?" Vice removed his blade from her neck.
"Cesar, we're not that different. As much as you're a criminal, and I'm someone who works on a non-profit basis, we're two magicians willing to do anything for our own sake." She said as she ran her hands over where Vice had pressed her throat. "We don't trust each other, but we love our lives and are determined to become stronger. That makes us equal and could be the way out of this problem.
If you make a deal with me, you could get an important ally for your family within the Congregation of Revelations!"
"I will think about it," Vicente said, aware there would be positives and negatives to any deal he made with her.
Killing her and the other two would be the simplest. But he would still have to think hard about how to solve the problem.
...
In the blink of an eye, 10 days would pass while Vicente traveled with Jasmine.
Meanwhile, Rory and his group finally spotted Millfall on the horizon, just a few hours away from their town!



Chapter 252 Back to Millfall
Seeing Millfall in the distance, Rory smiled with satisfaction as he smelled the wet dirt on his way back to his town.
After leaving Vicente and the three level 1 Acolytes, Rory and his group had traveled a long way between the Alpine Woodpecker Forest and this town, which they were reaching.
But their journey had been calm. With the ammunition made by Vice before they split up and with the group stronger because of their new pentagrams, their journey had gone smoothly.
Neither unlucky enough to encounter powerful magicians nor forced to fight opponents, they spent nearly two weeks traveling non-stop.
Back in Millfall, the group now had much to do to increase the power of the Mazzanti family!
As soon as they entered the first street of Millfall, all the men smiled under their masks, seeing the place in a different light after their journey with Vice.
Their leader now had a yellow pentagram, and his powers had increased significantly!
As soon as he returned to the city, they would probably change everything about their situation!
But while they were in high spirits upon their return to Millfall, the group soon attracted the attention of the local powers, including the Mazzanti family itself.
Seeing two of the three carriages that had left town weeks ago, a soldier from the family climbed onto one of the sides of the carriage Rory was in and said.
"Welcome back, Deputy. We have some updates, but first, you should go to the Fuller estate. We've had some problems with the young lady in your and the Boss' absence." The man was direct.
"What?" Rory immediately lost the good expression on his face and became deeply serious as he considered something had happened to Nina.
With this concern, he said. "Very well. I want most of the group to go to the Mazzanti family headquarters. I'll disguise myself and see what I can do with the young lady."
"Deputy, that's not necessary." The man said. "During the incident with the young lady, the Mazzanti family was 'hired' to help House Fuller. There won't be any problems if you go there directly."
"Oh? Was it that serious?" Rory wondered.
"Yes, she was kidnapped and disappeared for a few days."
"What? How is that possible?" Rory immediately became angry. "How could you let this happen, you incompetents?"
"Someone kidnapped her at the academy. There was nothing we could do, Deputy. The academy doesn't allow guards to accompany students in all areas." The man said, feeling bad about being held responsible.
"Tsk!" Rory clenched his fists before changing his orders. "I want my group to go to the family headquarters and start dividing up the next team that will be hunting pentagrams. I'll take care of the young lady's problem."
"Yes, Deputy!"
So Rory left the carriage that had arrived in Millfall and went straight to the Fuller residence that early afternoon, accompanied by the soldier who had just informed him of the problems concerning Nina.
"Has anything else happened in our absence?" He asked.
"No, I mean, many things have happened, but most of them were in our plans. Only the young lady's situation has surprised us in the last few weeks, Deputy." The man replied.
"How is she now?"
"Well, I'd say. The young lady is very strong, and the day after she was rescued, she was back at the academy."
"Who rescued her?"
"Casey Rogers and Nova Bain." The soldier replied.
"I see..." Rory sighed at the sight of the Fuller family home, imagining that Vicente would be furious when he found out.
"Do you know who's behind this?"
"Yes, young master Marcus Symons."
Rory stopped before entering Nina's house and looked at the soldier's mask.
"Is this serious?"
"Yes, Casey Rogers saw the memories of one of the kidnappers... Anyway, we haven't done anything about it yet. And as luck would have it, Viscount Symons won't return from his trip for another two weeks."
The Mazzanti family group knew who was behind Nina's abduction. But they were almost certain that Marcus also knew that the Fuller family knew he had ordered it.
For the moment, Marcus hadn't moved, but that was because the Viscount was out of town, and the Fuller family had publicly hired the Mazzanti family's protection.
 After Vicente's departure, the Mazzanti family began offering a residence protection service against thieves similar to those who had broken into the Irwin estate...
Not wanting to get into trouble with Cesar, Marcus was temporarily waiting for his father's return to solve all his local problems.
Vice's men knew that, so Rory was soon up to speed on his group's situation after weeks of pentagram hunting.
"Okay. That's enough time for Vice to return and for us to make our moves." He commented before entering the building and seeing Eve again after weeks.
"Rory!"
"Eve, the last few weeks must have been difficult for you..." He hugged the beautiful blonde and did not take long to talk to her about everything that had happened and what they were going to do now.
Even with Nina's problem, Rory intended to follow Vicente's plans to the letter, which were basically to keep them out of more trouble in the absence of their Don.
But in the meantime, Rory wanted to plan his future actions to deal with House Symons, find out who was on his side, who could be bought, and see what could be presented to Vice the day he returned from his trip.
With the resources Vicente should already have in addition to his gold coins, it was time for them to be more aggressive!
'I will contact Casey and the two I spoke to at the meeting with Lukas. I think I can secure enough resources for them to join the Mazzanti family full-time.' Rory thought as he talked to Eve.
...
Meanwhile, at Viscount Symons' estate...
Marcos had just received news of Rory's group's arrival in town and was naturally concerned about Cesar's possible return.
"Where is he? Have you seen him?" He asked with a green expression, full of hatred for the incompetence of the men he had hired.
But worse than that. He wanted to scare Vicente Fuller. Yet, his actions seemed to have put the damned Cesar Mazzanti and his organization on him, something Marcus didn't want right now.
"We don't have that information yet, young master." A trusted subordinate of Marcus said in front of his leader, ignoring the naked woman on the bed where that young blond man was sitting.
This mature woman looked at young master Symons and said. "You should be careful with the Fuller family. A few days ago, I came home and saw my husband talking about some problem with students at the academy who had insulted Nina Fuller. Days later, they showed up injured. It seems that this Fuller family is not as easy to deal with as they seem."
Marcus and his subordinate looked at the wife of the academy director, where Nina was a student, not knowing how this might affect their next actions.



Chapter 253 The Arrival of Vicente Fuller
Four days later...
After finding out what had happened, Rory didn't do anything rash and turned his attention to following Vicente's plans and advancing some conversations for the group's good.
Marcus wasn't interested in getting into trouble with the current protectors of the Fuller family either, so he was also careful in his movements and hadn't done anything problematic in the last few days.
Apart from the expansionist movements of the Scarlet Syndicate and House Mazzanti, nothing out of the ordinary had happened in Millfall in the past few days.
Even Shelby, a young woman who sought the flames of chaos, was cautious in the short term, preparing for her moves that would unfold closer to the date of her wedding to Marcus.
With about a month to go before her wedding day, she was only waiting for Vicente's return and his reaction to one of her plans to proceed with her plans to throw Millfall into chaos.
Amid this local calm moment, the Royal Army post in Millfall had finally received the reinforcements it had been waiting for to begin its hunt for the 3rd-stage basilisk.
On the afternoon of the previous day, the first battalion in the region to hunt the basilisk had set out from Millfall in the direction of The Rocky Gorge.
That afternoon, another group of soldiers would leave for the area, a group that included Nova, who naturally wanted to earn merit in this hunt in order to eventually increase her position within the army.
And so, at daybreak, the city awoke with no unusual excitement for the new normal of the past few weeks, with groups of soldiers moving about and local powers working toward their own ends.
In the midst of it all, a young man with black hair and an unusual magical gem entered the city on horseback and rode quickly toward the center of Millfall.
After days of travel, Vicente Fuller was finally back!
Seeing his city, Vice had a smile on his face as he made his way to his house, where Nina should still be, as it was only a few minutes before she left for the academy.
Eager to see his little sister again, he parted with his men a few minutes ago and took one of the two horses from his carriage to return to the city with his real identity.
Meanwhile, the group of House Mazzanti men entered Millfall through a different entrance, quickly attracting the attention of the family men guarding that area of their territory.
"Hey, where's the boss?" A House Mazzanti soldier approached Vice's carriage shortly after seeing it heading toward the family's headquarters.
"He went to see the young lady." One of the three men there said. "Anyway, alert our people. We have trouble and a hostage with us."
"What?" The man looked at the car and climbed up one of the sides, then saw a woman with a hood over her head lying on one of the seats inside.
"What the fuck! Who is that?"
"You'll understand soon."
...
While Vicente's men took Jasmine to the family headquarters, he arrived in front of her house, where he quickly ordered his men to remain silent while he went to surprise Nina.
Secretly entering their house, he moved cautiously into the kitchen, listening to the sound of people eating and Nina talking to Eve.
He then moved and appeared behind Nina, signaling to Eve not to be alarmed.
He placed his hands on Nina's shoulders, startling the girl, who immediately turned to see who it was.
"Brother!" Nina cried as she jumped and immediately hugged her big brother.
Eve finally smiled when she saw Vicente back and, well, relieved that the hunt for the pentagrams had worked.
"Vicente, you don't know how much I prayed for your return..." She said in an emotional tone. "You can't imagine the things that have happened in your absence... I want to sincerely apologize for failing in my role. I didn't think acting in your absence would be so difficult."
Vicente found this strange as he took Nina into his arms and held her like a baby.
Even though Nina was over 8 years old, with Vicente's strength, he could easily lift her.
"What are you talking about?"
As she enjoyed being rocked by her brother, Nina saw his expression change a few times as Eve spoke to him, explaining the problem that had occurred in his absence.
The genuine smile of being back home faded, soon to be replaced by a look of anger as his skin reddened and his veins showed.
There was a small shadow under Vicente's eyes, and anyone looking at him right now could easily feel a chill from his dark mood.
"Did all that happen?" He asked Eve after he had heard everything, knowing what Marcus Symons had ordered and also that Nina had only returned because of Nova and Casey's joint action.
 "Unfortunately. We tried everything to protect Nina, but we have no influence at the academy, and this place turned out to be the weakness that led to all this." Eve sighed, aware that her group could have done more to avoid such a situation if it hadn't been for the rules of this academy.
But she couldn't deny her share of the responsibility for Nina's abduction. None of this would have happened if she and the Vice men had been stronger.
She felt guilty and wanted to do something about it!
"I see..." Vicente avoided looking at Nina at that moment, filled with rage.
'Marcus... I thought you were smart and could do business with a rival. I thought giving you a chance before, but that's not going to happen now!" He thought, seeing that the Symons family could only become his enemy.
As someone who could negotiate with enemies and live with them, Vicente wouldn't think of exterminating opponents without good reason. But when someone crossed his line, there was no going back, no way to repair his relationship with them.
If he decided to eliminate someone, he would not stop until his goal was achieved or he himself died!
Since Marcus had targeted Nina, a poor, helpless, crippled child, there was no forgiveness for him!
Even though Nina was okay and seemed to have suffered no irreparable damage, there was no way Vicente could forgive Marcus' insolence!
"So that's it... Well, that's good." He said as he set Nina down again. "That clears everything up. That's better. Now, nothing is stopping me from acting against him. I have nothing left to think about."
"What are we going to do?" Eve asked.
"For now, nothing. First, I want to know what's happened since Rory got back. Did he send the next group out to hunt pentagrams?"
"Yes. I was supposed to be in that group, but Rory asked me to wait for his return so as not to leave Nina alone." Eve commented, eager to go after her pentagram to become stronger.
"I see. I'm sorry, but you must watch over her for now. Besides that coward Symons, we have other problems to deal with that will keep me and Rory busy. Stay with her for a few more days. You'll go with the next group."
She smiled as she looked at Nina. "Don't worry. I just want to get stronger so I can protect her better. I'm not leaving without someone to take care of her in my absence."
With that, Vicente soon left with Nina and headed for the academy.



Chapter 254 It Could Have Been Worse
Minutes after leaving home, Vicente was already outside Nina's classroom, where he, Eve, and two Fuller family guards were standing.
In front of them, a beautiful orange-haired woman looked at them with interest but subtly showed her concern about what had happened and what it would force Vice to do.
"Vice, I tried my best to help before. I didn't expect him to do what he did over something that doesn't even exist." She said, also feeling a little guilty since Marcus had only done what he had because of his jealousy of what might exist between her and Vicente.
Marcus would never have ordered Nina's kidnapping if it hadn't been for her relationship with Vicente.
"Unfortunately, that's how dirty noble society works." Vicente understood that Shelby was not to blame.
As much as she had been involved, she had never acted inappropriately toward him, nor had she given him any real reason to believe they were having an affair while she was engaged to Marcus.
Marcus had done what he had done because of his selfish thoughts, strange worldview, and arrogance.
As much as Vicente didn't think Shelby was as trustworthy as Nova, he didn't blame her for what had happened.
"That's part of the reality of nobility." She sighed and regretted that Nina had to go through that and see a bit of the reality everyone associated with nobility had to deal with.
'Do you understand me now, Vicente? Do you understand why I hate them so much? What Marcus did is nothing compared to what other nobles or even members of royalty would do.' She sighed as she lowered her head, glad that the foolish Marcus had acted and not some truly terrible nobleman.
In the worst case, someone in Nina's situation could end up as a slave on the black market and be lost forever...
Vice didn't think the same way as Shelby, but he had in mind that the corrupt nobility of this world could be much worse than Marcus.
That made him hate the situation that had befallen Nina twice as much because she had narrowly escaped something that could have been ten times worse.
As strong and promising as he was, Vicente didn't want to have to avenge Nina in any way.
Revenge was something that wouldn't change reality. Even if it were often enough to make someone feel less bad about injustices, someone who suffered a loss wouldn't necessarily have their reality repaired by revenge.
Someone who was abused, traumatized, or killed wouldn't have the main thing about what happened to them changed.
What had already happened couldn't be changed, no matter what the revenge potential of the person behind the victim.
Vicente didn't want to have to take revenge because he didn't want someone more important to him to suffer things he couldn't change. So, in the situation he was in now, he couldn't help but feel many times worse than he should have in this situation, hating Marcus and what had happened much more than he would have expected.
"In any case, you have my support, whatever your plans are, Vicente," Shelby said solemnly.
"Hmm, I guess following your previous plan won't be bad." He told her, remembering the 3rd stage basilisk hunt. "I'm ready to go after the beast."
"Oh?" She remembered this unfinished matter. "Are you sure? I don't want to offend you, but are you capable? We're talking about a 3rd stage beast. I told you about this hunt earlier but didn't expect the royal forces to act so quickly.
There's already a battalion heading towards the central area of The Rocky Gorge."
"Already?" Vicente didn't know that and was naturally surprised.
"Yes, they left yesterday afternoon. Another group will leave today, and the third and last group to go to that area will leave tomorrow." Shelby informed him. "Your friend Nova Bain should join the hunt in the group that leaves this afternoon."
Vicente retained that information about Nova and asked. "How long do I have to join the hunt without losing the chance to collect the resources that might be in the basilisk's nest?"
"A week. If you take longer than that, I doubt you'll get anything out of the hunt." Shelby was honest, even though she didn't know if Vicente had anything to gain by going to The Rocky Gorge.
"That's enough. I'm going to try to focus on taking care of some of my group's business for the next few days, and then I'm going to head to The Rocky Gorge." He said, aware he would have to use every opportunity in front of him if he wanted to deal with the Viscount's family. "Can I count on your help?"
"If you're willing, I'll give you all the information and support I can." She agreed, not doubting Vicente's abilities.
'Even though he's not yet strong enough to deal with 3rd-stage beings, he'll have a chance to succeed if he's careful and doesn't expose himself by being sneaky.' She looked at him and thought that things might work out for them if he used his competitors, avoided confrontation, and wasn't too greedy.
With that decided, Vicente let Shelby return to her class while he quickly made his way to the academy's directorate, where he wanted to meet with the head of the institution.
What had happened to his sister was unacceptable! How could an academy, where even noble students attended, allow a security breach so great that a student was kidnapped inside the academy?
So they quickly arrived at the main office in the administrative wing of the academy, where a beautiful black-haired woman, someone Marcus knew well, was working as the secretary.
Seeing the new arrivals, that beautiful, mature woman swallowed her saliva and stood up, realizing that her husband was going to be in trouble.
'Vicente Fuller!' She recognized the black-haired young man at the head of the group coming toward her.
"Welcome to..." She was about to speak, forcing a smile at these people when Vicente interrupted her.
 "We're here to talk to the director of this place that claims to be the best academy in the city. Tell him that Vicente Fuller is here to demand answers about the incident with the student Nina!" Vicente said loudly enough for the academy director to hear his words in the office behind the wall where his wife was standing.
She rushed into her husband's office, not even needing to say anything to the middle-aged man with black and white hair to alert him to such a morning problem.
"What are we going to do? He's absolutely right to come here." She said to her husband, aware that if it hadn't been for the academy's rules, it would have been difficult for Marcus to kidnap Nina there.
She herself had helped Marcus with the arrangements for Nina's kidnapping, but even so, she knew she didn't have much room for her husband to escape this difficult conversation.
"Shit! We have no choice. Let them in. I'll take care of it." He told his wife, thinking he could handle that problem with another situation. "A lot of Nina Fuller's rivals keep showing up injured. That should be enough for me to deal with this Vicente."
She heard it and immediately left the office to let Vicente's group in.



Chapter 255 Dealing with the Academy
As he entered the office of the academy director where Nina had been studying, Vicente ignored the man with black and white hair who smiled at him as he showed one of his hands.
His men and Eve stood at the entrance, looking at the director, while Vicente walked slowly through the room, which was excessively decorated with books, paintings, and trophies.
Although it wasn't a harmonious place, it had a beautiful view of the academy's central courtyard, where children usually played day and night.
"Director Milo Burt, I never thought I would meet you. I graduated from the Academy of Stars of Martell Village without ever seeing the director. But my sister, one of the top students at your academy, had her safety threatened inside your facility after only a few months here. How can you justify this? How do you plan to solve this problem?"
Hearing Vicente's forceful tone, Milo looked at the young man with his smile frozen and cursed him with a thousand different names in his mind.
'Fucking brat. Who do you think you are to question me like that?' Milo thought to himself, but he didn't dare say it to Vicente's face.
Even if the young Fuller wasn't a nobleman or someone of great local prestige, he couldn't treat Vicente as if he were a nobody.
What had happened to Nina had drawn the attention of all the families with young people studying at the academy. If he treated Vice the wrong way, it could become a problem for his academy.
Ordinary academies in the Seidel Kingdom were mostly private institutions. As the academy's director, Milo was one of the majority shareholders of this entity and could naturally be severely hurt if the academy suffered losses due to ill-considered words.
But even so, Vicente wasn't a nobleman to speak to him in that tone!
"Vicente Fuller, don't be so arrogant as to come into my office and act as if you were my boss," Milo said, looking Vice in the eye as if he were an adult correcting a child. "What happened to your sister was a tragedy for which I'm very sorry. But this is a unique case in our history. Don't act like it's the academy's fault. There's nothing I can do.
Besides, as far as I know, your actions may have caused the incident with Nina. I heard that the kidnappers didn't ask for anything in return for her freedom." He said, looking at Vicente suggestively.
There were usually two kinds of kidnappings—the simplest, aimed at an exchange, and the most complex, used as a threat.
Nina's kidnapping looked more like the second type, usually involving problems before the kidnapping.
Vicente knew it better than Milo, but that man was too bold to tell him.
"If you don't want to take responsibility for what happens inside your academy, allow families to protect their members inside the study area.
My sister was only kidnapped because of your stupid rules..."
"Stupid rules? These rules are meant to protect our students from aggressive young people who are incapable of thinking rationally." Milo commented in a harsh tone, glaring at Vice. "Did you know, Vicente Fuller, that some of your younger sister's rivals occasionally turn up injured after disagreements with Nina?"
"Oh? You seem to be accusing me of something, Milo. That's a very serious accusation. I hope you have proof." Vicente's eyes narrowed as he sat down in front of the man.
"No, I'm just speaking casually." Milo laughed sarcastically. "It's funny how often that happens. Some students even call sweet Nina the Shadow Tyrant."
"Kids are mean by nature," Vicente said, aware that some of his men had actually had to deal with a few kids who had disagreements with Nina.
Nina didn't look for trouble at the academy. She had few friends, and when she wasn't with them, she usually kept her distance from the other students.
Being deaf and having limited mobility, Nina was ostracized by many young people her age or older.
She didn't have a problem with being ostracized herself, and Vicente didn't want to interfere. Dealing with it would be essential for Nina to mature. But some kids who excluded her mistreated her, and some even made threats or tried to hurt her.
That was something Vicente couldn't accept!
If Nina had 'normal' physical abilities, he would teach her how to defend herself. But since that wasn't the case, he wouldn't let his sister get beaten up at school!
So, his men had taken care of Nina's problems personally for the past few weeks.
"But it doesn't matter what happens to these kids. If they're in trouble, that's up to them. It has nothing to do with what happened to Nina, Director Milo. So I hope you'll make an exception and allow my men to accompany her from now on. I guarantee they won't disturb the order of your academy."
Milo looked at Vicente silently, seeing his threats had failed to frighten the 'immature' young man before him.
"If you don't like how we do things, you can take your sister to another academy, Vicente Fuller. I'm not going to change my rules for one student." Milo said with a teasing smile on his face.
"Is that it?" Vice closed his eyes. "I hope you're right. Regret is a tough thing to deal with."
"Are you threatening me?" Milo stood up, releasing his level 4 Acolyte aura.
But Vicente felt nothing, got up from where he had been sitting without difficulty, and walked slowly towards the office's exit.
"Have a good day, Director Milo. I hope you have nothing to do with what happened to my sister. If you did, may God have mercy on your soul." He left, leaving the man looking at him in disbelief, a little scared.
Meanwhile, Vice muttered to Eve and his men. "I want you to take care of him. Use our influence to expose him and remove him from his position. In the meantime, contact those who can replace him. We'll have someone we trust in the director's position."
 With that, the group soon split up, with one of the men staying behind to wait for Nina outside the academy while Vice and Eve went in different directions.
Thinking of his priority, his younger sister, Vicente set off in the direction of Nova's residence while Eve went to send some orders to the Mazzanti family!



Chapter 256 Unthought Acts
Meanwhile, at the Mazzanti estate...
Jasmine had just arrived at Vicente's estate and was quickly taken to the detention area.
Watching his men finish closing Vicente's hostage's cell, Rory looked at her interestedly, having heard what had happened after his group split from Vice's.
Having heard from the three men who had accompanied Vice to Ironcrest what had happened and who that woman was, Rory was aware of the resources his friend had at his disposal for the family but also of the current trouble over him.
'More trouble? Why is it that every time we get close to having some peace, something happens?' He asked himself, remembering that after they had left for the Alpine Woodpecker Forest, he and Vice had thought that they would be able to grow up in peace for the next few months without any major challenges.
They had to hunt pentagrams, find a way to use the Irwin family's resources, and then prepare to deal with the Scarlet Syndicate.
All things considered, everything was going well for them, and soon, they would be able to reach the ideal situation of no more local problems. From then on, they would have peace to grow.
But out of nowhere, new problems had arisen. Now Vicente had a ridiculous promise to keep in ten years. There was the situation with the Symons family and Nina, but also the problem with that woman from the strongest organization on the continent, the Congregation of Revelations.
Thinking about it, Rory was not in a good mood, feeling that the Mazzanti family's situation was even more difficult now than when they were dealing with the Defiant Tyranny.
'Somehow, we're now even more screwed than before. How is that possible?' He looked at the beautiful woman while wearing a metallic mask on his face.
Meanwhile, Jasmine looked at Rory and asked. "So this is the dreaded Mazzanti family? Looking at it from the inside, it seems ordinary to me... How did you manage to steal from the Irwin family? I'm really curious."
Rory looked into her eyes and said. "Miss Jasmine, are you planning a robbery? Please leave that to the experts."
"Haha, you're funny. But when I think about how much you've accomplished, I believe that's a really tempting option. I wouldn't mind taking a little risk with such good prizes." She joked, seeing that Rory had no intention of talking about it.
"Anyway, 'Deputy,' what are you going to do with me? Where's your leader?"
"Miss Jasmine, take your time. He'll see you soon enough. For now, tell me about your position in the Congregation of Revelation. Which temple do you serve?"
That woman had been talking to Vicente for the past few days about some kind of partnership to prevent both sides from perishing with their current problem. So, Rory wanted to talk to her quickly so he could help his friend evaluate Jasmine's proposed deal.
Maybe Vicente already knew a lot about her, but Rory still had to verify her information.
He would do that while he let his friend do other things and start solving some local problems.
"I'm from..."
...
While Jasmine was answering Vicente's questions, a blond man on the roof of a building in the center of Millfall looked thoughtfully to the east of the city.
'Cesar Mazzanti, huh? It looks like you're more complicated than we thought.' Such a man from Ironcrest thought, having arrived in Millfall and already knowing practically everything there was to know about Cesar.
He didn't know Vicente's identity since he had no special ability to reveal such a thing. However, he had found out enough to mention some crucial points to his partners at the Ironcrest Awakening Temple.
'Time for me to go back.' He decided to head back to his city. 'I will let Levi decide what to do with you!'
...
Meanwhile, Vicente was in the dark about another brewing problem that would hit him in a few weeks.
Unable to solve all his problems, he arrived at Nova's house and looked at the place with emotion.
He wanted to visit Nova for her. But after everything that had happened and how important she had been in saving Nina, he was there to thank her.
Pa! Pa!
"Nova, it's me, Vicente." He said as he knocked on the door a few times.
Nova would be leaving this afternoon with an army battalion. Still, Vicente was aware that she was at home at the moment.
His information network was much better now than it had been weeks ago, and Vice now had observers keeping an eye on his main interests on the ground.
He knew that Nova, who was supposed to be on her last hours of pre-departure leave for a new mission, was at home right now.
After a minute of waiting, Vicente saw the front door of that residence open.
"Vicente!" Nova shouted as she saw the face she hadn't seen in over a month.
 She immediately hugged him and couldn't help but ask him to forgive her for letting Nina down. "I'm sorry for what happened to your sister, Vice. I was out of town the day she was kidnapped and couldn't help her sooner."
"Don't worry, it's not your fault." Vicente smiled at her as he hugged her waist. "Anyway, you saved her. Without your help, Nina could have suffered much more. So, I thank you, Nova. You had no obligation, but you did what you did for her regardless."
"Nina is like a little sister to me. You don't have to thank me." She looked into Vicente's eyes as she hugged him.
Staring at each other in silence, they didn't stay still for long. Feeling the great tension building up between them, they were both inside the residence in the blink of an eye, kissing like long-separated lovers.
This time, Nova wasn't as rational as on other occasions with Vicente, and before she knew it, she was half naked in his arms and on the way to her bedroom.
Vicente, too, was lost in emotion and soon was with Nova in a way he had never been with any other woman in this world.
Without much thought, the two would spend the next two hours in that apartment getting to know each other on a much deeper level than they had ever attempted before!



Chapter 257 Shocking Revelation
At the end of their carnal reunion, Vicente and Nova were lying on her bed, both extremely sweaty, heavily breathing as they stared at the ceiling.
Vicente had a satisfied expression on his face and could easily fall asleep now that he felt very relaxed.
On the other hand, Nova had an uncertain expression on her face, not knowing whether to focus on how good it felt to have done everything intimate one could do with someone of the opposite gender or how worried she was about what she had done.
That was a traditional society, and she herself had the goal of giving herself to the man she loved and with whom she would one day have a family!
But without thinking, she had gone to bed with Vicente and done things that couldn't be undone!
That was frightening, and she couldn't help but stare at the lamp on her bedroom ceiling, confused to the core.
Her heart was pounding while her mind was racing. Unlike Vicente, even if she wanted or tried to sleep, she couldn't.
'What have I done?' She thought, wondering if she had taken the right 'step' in her relationship with Vicente. 'I think I love him, but does he feel the same way about me? Or have I wasted my purity?'
It scared her, but she didn't dare to ask Vicente such a question.
Vice didn't have much on his mind at the moment. After having fun, pleasuring his companion, and finally finishing his carnal moment with Nova, he wanted to rest and sleep. Unfortunately, he couldn't do that now because he had business to attend to.
"Nova, this was all fantastic. I don't know what you have in mind, but this was no casual moment for me. You're not only someone I trust, even with my sister, but you're also someone I feel very comfortable with. I'd like to continue what we have here." He calmly said, knowing how Nova was.
During their many conversations, Vicente discovered how traditional Nova was and that she wouldn't pursue a relationship like theirs without a future between them.
There was no such thing as casual sex in Nova's world.
She might have made a mistake today, but if Vice didn't show interest in a more formal relationship with her, he was sure she would move away from him to avoid making any more 'mistakes.'
Vicente wanted to stay by her side, and not just for his personal goals, so even though it was still early, he showed Nova that his interests weren't superficial.
"Do you really want it?" She looked at him, a discreet smile forming on her lips.
"Yes, you're important to me." He smiled back at her, making her feel perfect.
"I feel the same way about you. I'm glad we think alike, Vice." She hugged him and smiled in a way that made Vicente happy, as if her smile was everything to him, able to erase all problems from his mind.
"About what we did today, I didn't want to, but it was the best thing I've ever done!" She murmured to him, wanting to do more, much more.
"But you have your obligations, and I have mine." Vicente smiled at her, seeing that they that they thought the same.
"Yes, I have to leave Millfall for The Rocky Gorge in less than two hours..." Nova lamented, aware it would be an important opportunity for her but still a little annoyed that she wouldn't be able to do more 'things' with Vice.
She longed for more after uniquely discovering herself!
Vicente laughed and said. "Don't worry, we'll see each other again soon. Then we'll have some privacy."
"Oh? That makes me nervous." She laughed back.
"How about we meet when you get back from your hunt? I'll take care of some problems while you're gone, and when you get back, maybe we'll have a few days together." He suggested.
"That's good for me."
The two of them got up, finding it difficult to shower together and do nothing else. But their wills were strong, and with appointments to keep, they did nothing more than exchange a few kisses until they got dressed and said goodbye.
...
After leaving Nova in front of the royal army headquarters in Millfall, Vicente went to the Benson residence, taking advantage of the fact that it was still daylight to continue with his real identity.
At night, he intended to return to his identity as Cesar Mazzanti to care for Jasmine and his family's affairs.
However, he wanted to talk to Benson about his options now that he was a level 2 Acolyte. In addition, before returning to his identity as Cesar, Vice also wanted to stop by the local blacksmith's association and try to contact Lukas.
Before approaching him as Cesar, he wanted to bring the blond guy closer to the Fuller family.
With these plans in mind, Vicente soon found himself outside the Benson estate, where his master's metal dummy soon granted him access.
Arriving at Benson's door, Vicente was greeted by the man with a cry of surprise.
"Vicente? You're back?" The old man with short white hair approached him with a smile, expecting his student to be stronger due to the pentagram hunt.
 "I'm fine, master." Vicente laughed, not expecting such a warm response from Benson. "I was very lucky. After almost dying, I accomplished something incredible."
"Oh? That's good. Then let me see your second ability. I want to know how it will affect your path in the forge." He said, eager to see Vicente's second pentagram.
Upon hearing it, Vice took a deep breath. 'If I show it to him, and well, I have no choice but to, he'll connect the dots and discover that I'm Cesar Mazzanti.'
"First of all, master, I have something important to discuss with you about myself. It concerns my second pentagram, so we need to talk about it." He solemnly said, causing Benson to take a step back as he saw that his excitement over the forge had to be put aside for the moment.
"What is it? As your master, you can tell me anything, Vicente. I'll do my best to help you as long as it's within my abilities." He said as he positioned himself like a de facto master, with his hands behind his back and a thoughtful look on his face.
"Well, there's no other way to put it... I'm Cesar Mazzanti, and Cesar Mazzanti is me."



Chapter 258 Obvious
After Vicente said he was Cesar, Benson was silent momentarily, seeing that it all made sense.
'Indeed. Their skills are identical! But while Vice uses his forging skill, Cesar does it by killing his opponents! I hadn't thought about the possibilities of his skills in combat!' He pondered, realizing he had neglected to look closely at what had happened in Millfall.
He had been so busy at the forge, thinking of ways to outdo himself, especially his great rival, that he hadn't noticed something so simple.
'Come to think of it, with one exception, whenever Vice was "traveling," Cesar was in town! Only the last few weeks have neither of them been in Millfall!' Benson clenched his fists, determined to leave his forge for a while to interact with the local powers.
"I see. So you're him." He murmured after a minute's thought. "What should I call you then?"
"Call me Vicente, master. That's my real name. I only use the identity of Cesar to protect my real family. My little sister is all I have, and I don't want to endanger her with what I do." He was sincere. "However, to achieve my goals, I have to take risks in things that could affect her. So I act like Cesar when I have to work."
"I see..." Benson walked around Vicente and looked at the young man with a different eye.
Vicente was no longer the young prodigy of the forge. Now, he was much more than that, someone capable of killing people in unimaginable ways.
Not only that, he was now a person with a much more robust past than Vicente Fuller, someone with several enemies and problems to solve.
Before saying what he thought of the situation, Benson asked. "Why did you decide to tell me this now? You could have done it before but didn't for obvious reasons. But what's changed now?"
"My second pentagram," Vicente answered directly, his eyes following his master as he saw Benson circling him. "When you see it, master, you'll understand me. There's no way I could keep hiding the truth about myself from you, so I've decided to tell you once and for all.
But don't get me wrong. I didn't tell you about my identity before because of my sister. I wouldn't have bothered to hide it from you if it weren't for her."
'I'm willing to risk it, but I can't do it casually with Nina.' He thought silently.
"Oh? Then, show me the pentagram. I want to see what you've come up with." Benson said with great curiosity.
Vicente did not hesitate any longer and quickly showed his master his second essence, which was connected to the first Magic Gem.
As he moved his mana through the gem, causing it to glow brightly, Vicente suddenly made a holographic figure appear from inside his body, gradually increasing in size.
When that characteristic figure appeared, with inscriptions on its sides and a perfect three-dimensional body the size of a circular maintenance hole cover emitting a yellow glow, Benson almost felt his soul leave his body.
Seeing and feeling a 3rd class pentagram, yellow, on a young 2nd-stage Acolyte, he almost put aside the fact that Vice was already close to level 3 and couldn't help but be shocked by the quality of his disciple's second essence.
"That..." He choked.
"But... But that should be impossible! How did you manage that? How is it possible? Vicente, you... You should be dead!" He said in disbelief, seeing and feeling reality but feeling like it was all a dream.
"I don't know. In fact, it wasn't my choice to absorb this pentagram, master. But it connected with me before I had a chance to escape, so I was forced to do my best and absorb it... Fortunately, I succeeded." He said in a light mood, showing Benson that he himself didn't understand what had happened.
"But I passed through Ironcrest and met Professor Newton. He asked me to observe him from time to time and made himself available to answer my questions. Maybe he'll discover something in the future."
"Newton?" Benson knew that name because the professor was a talented theorist in the field of forging.
Newton could learn anything, as long as it wasn't a pentagram skill or a Magic Gem characteristic. But his skills would never be enough for him to be an engineer, blacksmith, alchemist, doctor, enchanter, tamer, etc., at the same time. To actually practice these professions, one would have to have natural abilities that he did not have.
As such, Newton was not active in most of his professions. He merely learned and mastered the fields of knowledge by being a theorist or even a scholar of those fields.
But even though he didn't work as a blacksmith, Newton was an outstanding theorist, someone Benson respected for his talents and thoughts.
Hearing Newton's name from Vice's mouth pleased Benson. It meant that his student had a good supporter, someone who could help Vicente go further!
As Vicente's master, Benson only wanted him to grow up, so the fact that the young man had other teachers along the way didn't bother the old Millfall blacksmith.
Then he put aside his shock for a moment and said. "Vicente, show me the skill of this pentagram and how it affects your first skill when used together."
Vicente smiled and said. "My second ability has to do with field lines. It gives me the ability to see and manipulate electromagnetic field lines around me."
As he spoke, he used his ability and subtly caused distortions to appear in his surroundings, with some metallic objects in this forge shaking and bluish rays appearing here and there.
"When I let this pentagram influence my first ability, I can form electromagnetic barriers, manipulate metals more easily, and even 'give' electromagnetic properties to things I manipulate or touch." He said as he demonstrated for his master.
Benson watched as Vicente quickly extracted the metals from an ore before it took the form of a shield capable of repelling things.
At the same time, he noticed that the space around Vicente was distorting, and Benson easily understood how it worked.
'Oh? If I try to get close to you, my speed will get slower and slower, which could make the distance between us infinite.' He wasn't that shocked, but he liked it.
 Such a thing wouldn't stop someone of his level from catching up with Vicente, but it could make a big difference against weaker people!
Seeing all it, Benson naturally loved his student's new pentagram and was already theorizing about what this young man could do with these new abilities!



Chapter 259 Robot Armor
"With this ability, I think you'll be able to complete some of my projects, Vicente!" Benson said as he looked at his student with a twinkle in his eye.
Benson had several dreams about forging. He wanted to see his projects gain life, something others had told him was impossible to achieve.
He had been quietly developing his projects for years, always looking for talented young people to help him develop them and bring them to life.
He didn't care if someone else finished his projects. As long as he could see some of his ideas come to life and succeed, that was good enough for him.
His ego wouldn't stop him from achieving his dreams with the help of others!
He felt he could achieve his goals with Vicente's help after seeing the recent improvements his student had undergone.
"Huh? Master?" Vicente didn't know anything yet, so of course, he didn't quite understand what that was all about.
Benson noticed his student's confusion and took a few steps back.
"Vicente, don't worry about your identity. It's safe with me. I don't see any problem with you being who you are." Benson said, settling that before moving on to his interests.
"But you should be careful who you show your magical abilities to. From the moment you show your powers as Cesar, anyone who sees you using your magic as Vice will realize you're actually the same person."
"I am aware."
Benso ran a hand through his beard and smiled. "Anyway, I'm glad about your progress. You must have benefited greatly from the pentagram. That's why your magic is so strong today, and you've already reached level 2. If you continue to work hard, you can reach level 3 soon.
As for your new traits, they will serve you well in the forge. From what I've seen, you can already easily extract metals from minerals. Your next step in forging is to further alter the properties of the metals under your control so that they combine in more interesting ways for your purposes.
By doing so, everything you make will have more power and, if you wish, can carry some of your properties. For example, the shield you've created can be very effective against attacks based on the elements Earth and Lightning. But it's still weak. If you deepen your skills, you might be able to create something that can even affect the environment around you."
As he said everything, giving Vicente a lesson, Benson had a twinkle in his eye and gradually got to the part he most wanted to discuss.
"... In this way, one day, you may be able to create an artifact with your own abilities, based on your affinities, of course. That will be the beginning of a new era for you as a blacksmith."
Then he nodded to the metal doll he used as a butler on his estate and said. "This is a failure of mine, but in your hands, it could become a success."
"A failure? What do you mean, master? It looks like an excellent autonomous puppet to me." Vicente commented as he recognized the first of his master's creations that this old man treated as his most important secret.
Benson laughed. "It would be if its purpose was to be an ordinary doll capable of doing basic services. But this one is to be a full body armor, a dream of mine."
"Full body armor?"
"If it worked properly, it could function as a robot armor. It would assist its wearer in many different ways without forcing them to give commands, while the wearer could command only the essentials and concentrate on their own powers.
With it, a person without the ability to fly could fly at high speeds, have blades hidden in their hands and feet, but also solid defenses along the entire length of their body," Benson expressed in a tone that showed Vice how important it was to the white-haired old man in front of him.
'That sounds like an iron man...' Vicente laughed as he listened to Benson. 'But would it work in the magic world? I know how valuable such armor would be, but would it be feasible to rely on something that could be damaged at any moment? A single elemental attack outside of one's domain can quickly end a battle.' He remembered Jasmine's attack.
But Benson didn't care. Every project had its flaws and risks.
"... Eventually, armors like this one could function independently of their wearers and perform missions for their owners! That would be revolutionary!"
"That sounds like it... But it doesn't sound like something a blacksmith would do. It must be very complex, the kind only engineers could do, along with blacksmiths and enchanters." Vice commented.
Benson looked at him with a smile. "You're not wrong. In that case, this armor would never work the way I imagine it because it would have to have a lot of mechanisms and magical inscriptions that would consume much mana. That would result in low efficiency."
He had tried a little bit of everything and had reached the point in his journey where he was looking for special talents that might solve some of the problems that were holding him back.
Benson knew if he had to rely on the partnership of professionals, as Vicente had said, his plans would not come to fruition.
"But it's different for you, Vicente. Electricity is behind almost everything that makes armor like this work the way I plan. If you make it with your special powers, it will be possible. It won't have to have as many mechanisms as items made by engineers and blacksmiths because of how you manipulate metals. And it will be able to have electrical properties, given your mana.
You would need precision and technique to make it work, which you don't have yet, but I can teach you.
With all this, I believe you can test my theory when you reach level 5." He said in an excited tone.
"Do you think it will work?"
"Possibly. But even if it fails, it will still be better than what I have achieved. I'm sure of that." He replied confidently before adding. "Anyway, if you help me with this, Vicente, it will also be important for you. As interesting as your weapons are, they have a limit you haven't thought of yet."
"Oh?" Vicente became a little more interested in what his master had to say.



Chapter 260 The Weakness of Guns
Vicente's guns were the most important and valuable things in the Mazzanti family. They kept him alive and were what had made his family capable of growing considerably in recent months.
If they had any defects or problems that would limit him in the future, he needed to know as soon as possible so he could think of countermeasures.
Benson knew how vital these weapons were to Cesar Mazzanti, so he decided to use something he had already realized to draw his student's attention to his plans.
"Vice, I don't know where you got the idea for your weapons. But as ingenious as they are and as useful in the hands of low-level people, they have a fundamental flaw that will limit you in the future."
He slowly picked up some materials from the surrounding area to show Vicente as he spoke.
"Vice, what happens when a reservoir has much more in it than it can handle?" He asked as he held a brown ore in his right hand and infused mana in it.
"It explodes." Vicente took a few steps back before the ore exploded.
"It does explode. But an ore suffers from this because it has low properties. An artifact's properties can exponentially multiply if you manipulate its metals. But even after that, such artifacts will still have their limitations." He picked up a 1st-grade dagger and infused it with his mana, quickly making it explode.
"Different metals, different forging processes, in short, anything you can think of can enhance these characteristics. But at the end of the day, the ingredients of an artifact will always have their limits, and so will the artifacts.
Your weapons are excellent, but it's unlikely that you'll ever be able to create 4th-grade weapons." Benson's eyes narrowed. "A Sovereign's mana is so rich that magicians of that level or higher can't infuse all the mana they have in their bodies into weapons. At most, they can infuse fractions of their power or even use artifacts, but without infusing their mana into them."
Auxiliary artifacts were very good for low-level magicians and ordinary people in general. But at a high level, individual power was the most important thing. Even people with low talents prefer to use their special abilities rather than artifacts once they reach the 4th-stage.
That didn't mean they didn't use artifacts. But they didn't rely on them!
That was the point. Such strong experts used artifacts to help them at certain times. But they relied on their pentagrams and spells when it came to life and death.
Benson knew it and also knew that if Vicente wanted to grow by relying on his weapons, his limit would be the beginning of the 4th stage, something impressive, but it wouldn't put him at the top of Polaris Realm.
"In other words, your weapons will be limited to the 3rd stage. In addition, you won't be able to do anything. Whenever someone tries to use more power than an item can handle, the weapon in question will explode, just like the items I showed you." He finished exposing the weakness of firearms.
Vicente didn't doubt Benson, for his master's words were based on the principles of forging.
'Materials have limitations. If they can't improve them qualitatively, the day will come when my men will be so strong that my weapons will be useless.' Vicente became more serious.
"If I become..."
Benson understood what Vicente was about to say and expressed. "My answer is not generated by any limitation on my part to see the way ahead.
I may not know everything you will one day, Vice, but the basic laws of forging don't change, regardless of the level of the blacksmiths.
So, becoming a 4th or 5th-stage blacksmith won't solve your weapons problem once and for all. At most, you'll be able to improve your artifacts so that they can withstand being used on high-level bodies."
"If that's true, then there shouldn't be any higher-level blacksmiths, master. After all, what good is a 5th-grade weapon if it can't be used to strengthen a Paragon?" Vicente asked.
"Such a weapon is great in the hands of a Mage or a Sovereign." Benson surprised Vicente a bit.
That was the purpose of artifacts in this world. Use high-level artifacts when you are still weak to increase your potential in battle!
Using 5th-grade artifacts between two Paragons would add nothing to the battle. However, a Sovereign using items of the same rank would have a great advantage over other Sovereigns.
However, using these weapons couldn't be based on putting all of one's mana into these items because then they would be damaged, as Benson had said.
"The problem with your weapons is that they depend greatly on how your men infuse mana into them and fire energy-charged bullets," Benson explained differently. "In the case of a magician using a sword, they will rarely infuse their weapon with much mana. On the contrary, they will use their mana in their own body or in their techniques. That changes everything."
Vicente listened to his master's answer and thought. 'It seems the problem with my weapons is that they are not designed to help. They completely replace the powers of the magician behind them. They rely only on mana and their own properties.'
"But Vice, as much as you can't increase the characteristics of your weapons much further, it's not necessarily the end. You might be able to reach the 4th-stage because of what these weapons can offer you. Also, if I'm right in my theories, the robot armor might solve your problems."
"That? But wouldn't it have the same limitations as my weapons?" Vicente didn't understand.
"Not exactly," Benson said after thinking about his project for a long time. "Your weapons depend on the power of the user to work as they do. Even if you can change them somehow, it won't change much in the future.
But my armor, built by you, has the potential to be independent of the user. Everything about it will depend on you, the creator. If you can give it some of your characteristics and make it work properly, it can be as strong as you are!"
Hearing Benson's excited tone, Vice understood what his master was trying to tell him.
Such armor might be of little help to Vicente, but for his weaker men, it would be just as important, if not more so, than for him!
Considering his situation, Vicente couldn't help but remember his sister and how something like this could be perfect for her.
 'If Benson is right, even if Nina doesn't awaken her magical powers, she could still be a powerful woman wearing armor like this! He encouraged himself, feeling he could no longer turn back, and looked at this project with fresh eyes.
"Okay, I understand. I'm interested in studying this armor right away, master." He said the words Benson had been waiting for.



Chapter 261 Time to Expand the Family
"Hahaha, I'll give you my project first. You should study it and only then come back to me so that we can really start working on it." Benson said as he took a thin, handwritten book from his storage item.
Picking it up, Vicente flipped through it and saw the various points about the robot armor, which had many parts and details he still didn't understand.
"I see... I'll have to continue my study while I try to understand it. Only then can we do something about it and start our tests." He muttered, seeing that he lacked technical knowledge.
"That is the point. In order for us to move forward with this project, you need to become a 2nd-stage blacksmith." Benson commented as he ran his hand through his beard. "You currently have an interesting magic level, on par with some beginner 2nd-stage blacksmiths. But considering the speed of your progress, you lack technical knowledge.
However, you are a rare gem regarding theories, Vicente. If you dedicate yourself, you'll reach 60% efficiency in your production in a matter of days or weeks.
Vicente understood what Benson meant. He was basically telling him to focus his time on the art of forging.
"Unfortunately, I have matters to attend to regarding Cesar's identity, master. I've recently been involved in problems that are difficult to solve. I can't stay in a forge and focus all my time on that. I have to take risks as Cesar to accomplish some goals." He was sincere.
Benson was no fool and didn't need to hear details from Vicente. It was evident that Cesar had many problems to deal with that would prevent such a young man from making better use of his time.
"Anyway, whenever possible, you should study our art, Vice. That might help you solve your problems." He said as he looked into his disciple's eyes and placed a hand on one of the young man's shoulders.
Seeing that his master wouldn't push him but wouldn't advise him to stop completely to solve his problems, Vice realized that he would still have to lead a busy life.
Fortunately, he was used to this life of having no free time and always working to achieve goals.
"I'll do my best."
With that, the two soon said goodbye after Benson gave Vicente his last piece of advice and learned that he would have to go without seeing him for a few days.
Leaving his master's house with a better idea of how to develop his forging skills and make better use of his powers, Vicente went straight to the Blacksmiths' Association building.
There, he made his way to the soon-to-be-closed shops to order materials. After that, he went to the association's library after paying an errand boy to look for Lukas.
It was time for him to bring people into his family with skills beyond fighting. He needed exceptional professionals, something he could now afford with the Irwin family's coins!
The way to get these people was through Lukas, who he wanted by his side to run his family's forge in his absence!
...
Hours later, it was evening in Millfall when Vicente left the association's library.
As he left the library, he soon met a blond, well-dressed young man waiting for him outside the association building.
"I heard that you wanted to see me," Lukas said as he approached Vicente with a smile.
Vicente smiled back and said. "I have important matters to discuss with you, my friend."
"Oh? That's interesting. But first, how was your trip, man? You were gone for several weeks." He squeezed one of Vicente's hands, curious to know what had changed to move this guy in such a way.
Previously, Rory's conversations with his group hadn't developed as much as he would have liked, and Lukas had thought that Vicente needed time to develop a deeper relationship with his group.
But suddenly, Rory had made hard to refuse offers to two of his allies, and now Vicente wanted to meet him to talk business. That was enough to make Lukas curious!
"Let's walk while we talk." Vicente led the way, and soon, the two of them were walking through the center of Millfall.
"Well, I've been out of town lately, doing business but also improving my strength. As you can imagine, I'm an Acolyte now." He said, surprising Lukas, who couldn't sense Vicente's mana anymore.
The two of them were currently at the same level. Since Vicente camouflaged his mana inside his body, Lukas had no idea of the real level of the black-haired young man next to him.
"So you've also absorbed your second pentagram recently? That's good. That means you'll soon become a 2nd-stage blacksmith." Lukas said, having also absorbed his second essence a few days ago.
"With the improvements I've made and the business I've done outside of Millfall, I think I've reached a new level, my friend. It allows me to look at the people around me and see an opportunity for both sides." He looked meaningfully into Lukas' eyes.
Lukas was no fool and quickly understood what Vicente had in mind. "Do you want to raise the level of our relationship? You want a deeper partnership?"
"That's right. I'm willing to support those who are willing to become my family's exclusive professionals. Of course, I'll pay for all the resources you need, a fixed salary, and improvement costs, such as purchasing spells, books and paying for exams in associations or guilds.
In the meantime, all those interested in this arrangement will have to do is join my family and be available to produce and repair whatever we need."
Lukas' eyebrows knitted together and he stopped walking, looking at Vicente strangely. "How are you going to do that? Did you happen to find a chest full of gold coins on your journey?"
To hire just one person and provide everything Vicente promised, one would need between 100 and 200 gold coins per month to take care of an Acolyte at the first 3 levels of the stage. But Vicente seemed to want more than one such person, and moreover, people from different areas, which would, of course, increase his costs even more.
 Hiring only five 2nd stage people would be extremely expensive, even for a Baron's family! 
Therefore, Lukas couldn't help but wonder how Vicente was going to do such a thing!



Chapter 262 Celebration
Vicente didn't want to tell Lukas the whole truth right away. That would be compromising and unnecessary. However, he did want Lukas and some other professionals on his side.
The cost would be high, as Lukas imagined. But the benefit would be much greater.
For example, by having an alchemist on his side, Vicente's family could raise someone who would be committed to serving the family and who could produce exactly the pills and potions they needed.
Though the cost of maintaining such a single professional would be high, the return and potential they could provide were immense.
Vicente would have to spend a lot of money to have each of these professionals on his side. But each of them would accelerate the rate of progress of his group relative to its numbers and capabilities.
In short, with individuals capable of producing things for the group, they could speed up its expansion rate and thus achieve more abundant and valuable business, which would naturally increase the number of coins and profits for the group.
Millfall currently had plenty of room for the Mazzanti family to grow. However, Vice lacked the people and resources to nurture them.
That would allow him to increase their numbers and quickly fill the void left by Defiant Tyranny.
But there was only a short time for him to do this, or he would lose the opportunity. At the moment, not only was the Scarlet Syndicate gradually occupying the space left by the Defiant Tyranny, but other groups similar to Vicente's were also moving into the city's shadows.
Depending on his family's current growth, Vicente wasn't sure if he would be able to become the biggest force in Millfall's underworld in the short term.
To accelerate his group's growth, he was willing to make the investment that Lukas doubted he could afford.
For now, the Scarlet Syndicate is preoccupied with their own profits and their new weapons. They won't look at my family for a few more weeks. But after that...' Vicente narrowed his eyes, aware that his personal growth would cause problems for his people.
The truth was that he was growing very fast by local standards. Vicente expected to reach level 3 in no more than 8 days. However, with this level of power, he was sure that the leader of the Scarlet Syndicate, Brody Wright, would feel threatened.
Even though he already had weapons in the hands of his men and was on the allied side with the most power between him and Vicente, that man could very soon change his mind about the young Fuller.
Aware of the problem he might have with Brody, Vicente wanted to grow as much as possible over the next month. So he wanted to bring Lukas and such a young man's allies into his family!
Rory had already approached the two people he thought he had a good chance of bringing into the family. Still, Vicente was moving on his own to try this with Lukas.
He said, answering the question of the blond man next to him. "More or less. You could say I found a treasure, haha. But if you come with me, I'll tell you in detail what happens, but also my plans.
Lukas, come with me. Let's reach the 3rd stage and surpass Millfall's level together." He showed one of his hands to the young man with a doubtful look.
"The 3rd stage? Is that your goal and leaving Millfall?" Lukas looked at him cautiously.
"My goal is to grow as much as possible, my friend. Millfall can't be the end of my journey, and I think you feel the same way. Since you have ambitions to reach better places in the future, why don't we do it side by side? As blacksmiths, we can help each other." He said confidently, not caring about the rivalry between his and Lukas' masters.
Lukas didn't care either, but he was unsure about Vicente's ability to fulfill his words.
"Are you willing to make a Magic Agreement with me? I don't want to distrust you, Vice, but I find it hard to believe you can keep this promise... No offense." Lukas said, looking at Vicente and seeing the conviction in the black-haired young man's eyes. "I don't want to relinquish my exclusivity as a magician without guarantees."
Vicente smiled. "But of course. That's the minimum. But first, I'd like your help in getting some of your allies to join me as well. I think I can afford up to five professionals like you simultaneously."
"I can talk to some of my contacts. But you'll have to convince them on your own." Lukas commented. "I can arrange a meeting between you and them to sort it out."
"Perfect. How about we do it in five days? I plan on going to Martell Village today to deal with a problem in one of my warehouses, and I won't be back in town until then." He made up this excuse to justify his disappearance for the next few days.
"Five days? Okay, I'll see what I can do." Lukas saw no problem with that. "You can come to my house in the evening in five days. I'll ensure that as many of my contacts as possible await you there."
With that, the two parted ways, Lukas running off to find his allies in Millfall while Vicente made his way to disguise himself and then return to his identity as Cesar Mazzanti.
Vicente Fuller was already in the city. Now, it was time for Cesar Mazzanti to return from his pentagram hunt!
...
Late at night on Vicente's first day back in Millfall after weeks away from the city, he finally arrived at the Mazzanti family estate to meet his men!
As their chief entered the front door, a group of nearly 20 of the family's soldiers celebrated his return, clapping their hands in excitement at Vicente's triumphant return.
Vicente was now a level 2 Acolyte, but not only that but someone with a yellow pentagram!
Almost everyone there had idolized him before, but now their fanaticism towards him had increased by several levels!
"Boss, congratulations on your progress!"
They said similar things as Vicente took off his mask and smiled, happy to be back with his people.
 "Thank you, everyone. But let's not celebrate too loudly. Our enemies are on the prowl, and they shouldn't know how well we're doing." He said, easily silencing his men.
"But I bring you good news." He showed one of his hands where the spatial ring was with all the resources he had brought for some of his staff.
"Here, I have important resources that will help some of you to increase your magical powers!"



Chapter 263 Thats Not Good Enough
After reuniting with several of his men, including old and new family members, Vicente quickly gave the resources to Rory to distribute among the most suitable ones.
While seeing his friend after days, Vicente heard from Rory. "Don't worry about these new problems. We'll deal with whatever it is. Sooner or later, we'll fulfill your promise to the representatives of the Seidel Magical College, and we'll also deal with the Jasmine problem."
"I know. Thanks for the words anyway." Vicente stated as he walked next to Rory to the detention of his property.
"And Nina? Have you seen her?" Rory asked about the young girl, the subject that probably worried Vicente the most, even considering everything that was going on.
"She's fine. As for the problem with Marcus Symons, I'll deal with that when the time comes. For now, let's continue with our old plans." He voiced with an expression that was hard to read.
Vicente had talked to Eve, some of his men, Shelby, and even Nova about everything that had happened. He was furious with Marcus but knew he couldn't deal with the young master Symons in the short term.
If he made a mistake, he'd be in trouble with the whole kingdom!
Since he was weak and had little influence in the meantime, he intended to leave Marcus alone in the short term to deal with the problems concerning the strength of his group and Jasmine.
But sooner or later, he would have to deal with the Symons family. This family would either lead to his destruction or be destroyed by him!
"What are you going to do now?"
He replied to Rory before opening a door that led up the stairs to where Jasmine was. "I'm going to take care of some problems and go to The Rocky Gorge. If I'm lucky, I might be able to get some valuable items from the nest of the 3rd stage basilisk."
"Are you sure about that?" Rory looked at Vicente worriedly. "Just because we got away from that wounded and exhausted woodpecker doesn't mean..."
"I know. But I don't have many options. If I can at least get something from that creature's nest, I can publicly justify using more of the resources stolen from the Irwin estate.
Besides, we have to take advantage of every opportunity. Dealing with the problem of Jasmine and the representatives of the Seidel Magic College won't be easy."
"Do you want me to go with you?"
"No, I'll go alone. I want you to take care of the expansion of the family in Millfall. With the funds I've given you, we'll be able to make some improvements and increase the number of our men."
Rory nodded and asked. "Will we follow the exchange of people with your partners and also with our men in Martell Village?"
"Yes."
"All right. I'll make the changes as soon as I can."
After Rory said these words, they arrived in front of the cell where Jasmine was, both of them with masks on their faces.
Seeing Vicente next to Rory, Jasmine didn't need to feel his level to know that this was Cesar, the man she had traveled with for weeks.
"Cesar Mazzanti, I thought you'd left me." She teased him.
"How could I? You and I have a lot of history together, miss." Vicente laughed before becoming more serious as he looked at Rory. "Have you collected her story?"
"Yes. Now, I'll need a few days to verify it. But I'll have what you need in a week at the most." Rory said while Jasmine watched him without much concern.
With her special ability, her position in the Awakening Temple, where she worked, was not low. Even though she was only an Acolyte, Jasmine's future prospects were not small.
She could become someone very important in the future, so she was already highly valued, even though she was only a young level 5 Acolyte.
That was what gave her the confidence to be of value to Cesar and thus not be killed by him in the short term.
"You will discover how good or bad it is to be related to me." She said in a humorous tone when she saw that they were being careful, a good sign for her.
Their caution meant that they would make the best possible choice, which, in her opinion, would prevent a foolish act that would lead to her death.
The most important thing for her at the moment was not to get revenge for falling into Cesar's hands but to survive the dangerous and talented leader of the Mazzanti family. As for Mark and Layla, she hoped they wouldn't screw everything up. But at the end of the day, her life was the most important thing to her!
"Good or bad?" Rory looked at her.
"If your leader makes a deal with me, we can grow a lot together. That will be good, of course. But if he chooses to deal with me in a different way, sooner or later, you will be faced with despair." She said flatly.
"You're really brave," Vicente commented. "Do you think I'll just make a deal with someone who tried to kill and rob me?"
"If you're smart, I'm sure you will."
Vicente laughed under his mask. "What exactly are you offering me, Jasmine? We've been talking for days, but you've always been vague. Just showing me how bad it can be to kill you won't be enough to change your situation. I need more."
 "Besides influence in a superior organization, you'll have inside information. We in the Congregation of Revelations know everything before anyone else. That alone should be enough for you." She said something she had already told Vicente.
Vicente then said. "I wanted to know what you people of the Congregation of Revelations really do. I doubt you are just an organization dedicated to developing magic in Polaris Realm. What can I really gain by having you on my side?"
Jasmine became more serious once she saw that Vicente was no fool who believed what the members of the Congregation of Revelations told their many believers.
"Accessing privileged information about my organization could be dangerous, Cesar. I'm not saying this to threaten you, but as a non-member, you're better off not knowing everything I could do to help you."
"That's not good enough." Vicente was firm. "If you want to make a deal with me, you must show me your real value. Until then, forget about getting anything from me."
As he said these words, he left her behind and went back to the upper level of his estate.
Rory followed him and asked. "Don't you want to make a deal with her?"
"Of course I do," Vicente replied when he was far away from Jasmine. "But I'm going to make the best deal I can. I'll force her to guarantee things that are really important to us, not just what she wants to do."
"Oh? Do you think she can do more?"
"Of course. Do you believe that the organization with a monopoly on Magic Gems and Awakening in Polaris Realm is as simple an institution as its members claim to be?" Vicente laughed sarcastically.



Chapter 264 High Level Item
Rory became a few degrees more serious as he listened to Vicente.
Unlike Vicente, Rory hadn't had the experience of growing up on Earth, a much easier place to be skeptical of ideologies.
In a world without special powers, it was effortless to doubt the existence of higher-level powers. But in the world of magic, with its fantastic components, it was more challenging to doubt certain things.
The level of some magicians was so high that it wouldn't be wrong to consider them Gods or Saints. It would even be extremely easy to worship them.
The result of these differences between the Polaris Realm and Earth was that in Vicente's new world, people were much more attached to certain ideas.
As much as this was a world where one had to defy the heavens to grow, skepticism was uncommon and something only the strongest had after a long journey with many experiences.
A young person like Rory or even Eve tended to believe what the Congregation of Revelation preached!
They weren't stupid enough to think that the members of the Awakening Temple didn't have their own interests. But they didn't have Vicente's skepticism about this organization.
"Do you think there's something deeper they're hiding from us?" Rory soberly asked as he followed Vicente.
"Yes, I do. I think that's the least you can expect from the organization that controls the Awakening across the continent. There must be important things they are hiding. Important secrets will turn the world upside down once out of that organization."
Vicente was a criminal by nature. He distrusted any powerful organization, government, or institution with a monopoly on anything.
It was in his nature to be skeptical of other people's intentions!
"What are you going to do with this? Even if there is some disturbing secret, we are tiny compared to them. They're the strongest on the continent, Vicente." Rory said seriously.
"I know that. And we have no reason to act against them unless they act against us first. But since we're going to make a deal with Jasmine, we must ensure we get the best for ourselves." Vicente smiled at his friend. "If one day she has access to a secret that could change our situation, we have to know!"
That was his point. He didn't want to act against the Congregation of Revelations or even be their rival. On the contrary, he wanted to be a friend of the continent's strongest.
Since Jasmine was already in his hands, she would be his link to that power, theoretically without military, political, or economic goals.
Rory wasn't as skeptical as Vicente but wasn't a fool. "I see. If anything, it's better for us if we can force Jasmine to give us more than she wants."
"That's my intention."
"Okay, I'll keep checking her information over the next few days. I'll try to have something more complete on her before she leaves for Rocky Gorge."
"Hmm. Now, go take your new pill. Take advantage of the fact that I'm here to raise your magic to level 2." Vicente said before going to the vault in his residence while Rory went to the meditation room.
Arriving at the vault, Vicente looked at the coins and resources there.
The vault was practically empty!
But that was to be expected. With the cost of his current operations, he was spending more than he was making. Besides, he couldn't have too many resources in there since the Scarlet Syndicate and the royal army could visit them at any time to demand some kind of inspection.
Now, their situation was balanced, but it was the balance of a see-saw. The slightest move by a third party could easily bring them down again!
Vicente then placed more coins there so his men could cover their expenses, and the family would have enough to get by for the next 15 days.
He also put some of the items he had bought in Ironcrest and not delivered to Rory, including a 2nd-grade item, 100% efficiency, something better than what he had stolen from the Irwin family.
Taking off the necklace around his neck, Vicente placed it in a small compartment of the evaluation machine and began the evaluation by injecting some of his mana into it.
After a few moments, the machine beeped three times, signaling the end of the evaluation.
Evaluation completed...
Processing results...
Error. Please retry later.
Vicente read it and sighed, realizing he would have to try again in the future when he had a 3rd-grade item.
'It seems that Julian has given me something of high value. If this tool can't read it, it must have a high value.' He took his necklace back from the machine and put it around his neck again.
Machines like that could even describe soil, water, and pieces of wood. They could evaluate everything except items of higher quality than themselves.
Failure in an evaluation meant only one thing. The level of the machine used was incompatible with that of the item being evaluated!
 "Sigh... It's not bad. It's better that it has a high value than something ordinary. Since it's mine, let it be something fantastic." Vicente muttered as he walked out of his vault with no regrets, as his group needed such items for appraisal.
He intended to bring several professionals into his family, so he needed more than one such machine.
With that settled, Vicente set out to find Casey, the last person he wanted to speak to upon his return to Millfall.
One of his men had already informed him of Rory's movements over the past few days, so he wanted to thank Casey for his earlier action to save Nina but also to confirm their agreement.
From that day on, Casey would no longer work for the local nobility and would be an exclusive member of the Mazzanti family!
In addition to him, from what Rory had already done, an engineer and an enchanter friend of Lukas were almost certain to join the Mazzanti family in the next few days.
Vicente would just have to wait for his meeting with Lukas in five days to confirm these and perhaps other additions to the family!
That way, Vicente would be able to take care of various problems and family matters before his planned trip to The Rocky Gorge.
His meeting with Lukas would come soon as the days passed quickly.
As time passed, his family would make new advancements among some of their weaker men and even among the Acolytes!



Chapter 265 Getting Professionals (1)
Five days after Vicente's arrival in Millfall...
Vicente was now at the door of the Oak estate in a noble area of the city.
The Oak family was not noble, much less one of the richest locally. But being a family of alchemists, a highly sought-after profession in Polaris Realm, their financial situation wasn't bad. They had a big residence in the area where the wealthiest people in the city lived.
Once again in such a wealthy neighborhood, Vicente looked at the beautiful gray-walled estate in front of him, where he could see a large garden and a residence at the end of the property, large enough to accommodate more than 20 people comfortably.
But the Oak family didn't have that many members. There were only three other women and four servants besides Lukas, his sister, their father and mother.
All the other subordinates of the Oak family only served them by doing outside work, without living on their property, which happened in sects and clans.
The Oak Family was not a clan, far from it.
Though they weren't prominent and didn't have many members, the Oak Family's estate was well maintained, enough to please the eyes of others and its few residents.
As he looked at the place with Casey by his side, Vicente, without his mask, watched as someone came to open the entrance for them.
"Do you think this is a good idea?" The man with several tattoos all over his body and long black hair asked with a neutral expression.
"Every action has its risks." Vicente understood what his family associate had in mind. "Anyone we try to bring into the Mazzanti family will have risks associated with them. But we can't shrink. Not growing is the same as going backward."
"Well, if I have to, I'll erase their memory of today's conversation." Casey sighed, aware he was there because Vicente had already foreseen the possibility that someone among those they would meet would decide not to make a deal with the family.
"That's the spirit." Vicente smiled and then stepped forward to see Lukas himself coming to greet him at the door of his house.
"Vicente..." Lukas commented as he looked at them, not expecting to see his friend with a stranger.
"Are you two friends?" He asked as he looked at Casey and greeted him.
Lukas wasn't a nobleman, let alone someone with local influence. He didn't know who Casey Rogers was.
"Yes, my name is Casey. We're in the same group." The tanned man beside Vicente replied as he shook one of Luke's hands.
"Casey is practically family to me. So he's here to join me in today's conversation. I hope that's not a problem."
"Not at all. A friend of yours is certainly a friend of mine." Lukas said with a smile and accepted the stranger into his home.
"Please come with me. I live at the back of the building. My friends are waiting for us at my residence."
"How many of your associates have you managed to gather?" Vicente asked, ignoring the front yard of the Oak estate, from which he could smell an intense medicinal odor.
"Four. Two who had already received offers from your friend Rory, and two others. Two engineers, an enchanter, and a doctor."
The alchemist who had met Rory with these others was out of town. Other than that, Lukas had no other contacts close enough to introduce to Vicente.
"Okay, let's work with that," Vicente said, feeling it was a pity that there were no alchemists among the four. Otherwise, he would have had a perfect group to bring over to his side.
'I will look for Liam Young before I leave Millfall for the basilisk hunt... He can make a great addition to the Mazzanti family's alchemy department.' Vicente remembered the alchemist he had done business with shortly after he started working locally.
Liam was supposed to be an Acolyte by now. As someone capable of producing items of great purity at the 1st stage, he certainly had a great talent and could become important in the future.
While he was planning to find Liam, the three arrived at the residence where four young people between the ages of 17 and 21 were waiting for them in a attractive living room.
"My friends, as promised, Vicente Fuller. He's here to offer you some business... To all of us, actually." Lukas said as he introduced Vice.
"This next to him is Casey Rogers, a friend of Vicente."
The two newcomers greeted the three men and one woman in the living room of Luke's house by nodding as they listened to their names and professions.
As he listened to their presentation, Vicente saw they all had excellent talents, the weakest being level 2 Acolytes and the strongest level 3.
On the other hand, while Vicente rated them positively, Lukas' four associates looked at him, but mostly at Casey, for this long-haired man was already at level 5.
Reaching level 5 at a young age was difficult, but it was also a sign that such a magician could pass the 3rd stage with relative ease. Beyond that, there wasn't much to say, so only time would tell if Casey would go much further or if he would get stuck between the end of the 3rd stage and the beginning of the 4th.
"It's a pleasure to meet you." Vicente began casually. "At the last meeting, I couldn't meet you because of some problems, but my friend and right-hand man was with you. He told me some great things that brought me here today."
The two who had already been contacted by Rory, a man, and a woman, were the least surprised but also the most smiling of the four, as they had already agreed to his offer and only needed to hear the end of it.
 "What I'm offering you is full support in exchange for your exclusivity. I have many men who depend on resources that you will surely be able to help us produce. So I invite you to join my family and grow side by side." 
Seeing the smile on Vicente's face, the level 3 doctor, the strongest there at the moment, asked seriously. "What's the catch? Why are you willing to give us so much? You must have a problem that puts you in such a situation, right? Hiring so many professionals at once is unusual."
Everyone there had their greed, but some were more concerned than others about the consequences of their decisions.
Before deciding on something that could significantly compromise them, part of them wanted to know what the worst could be.
Vicente looked at Lukas and then at Casey, and sat down in a chair. "There are problems, and it will affect those who accompanied me."
As he spoke, his first pentagram appeared, and a decorative metal object next to him changed shape, catching the attention of the five who didn't know of Vicente's abilities.



Chapter 266 Getting Professionals (2)
When they saw the metals of the decoration near Vicente floating in the air like parts of a liquid, everyone there except Casey turned their attention to it.
At first, none of them associated what they saw with the powers of Cesar Mazzanti, someone who had become famous in the local underworld and whom they knew of.
Their first thought was that Vicente was demonstrating his powers to show them his ability to fulfill what he was offering them. But soon, those more attuned to local news shifted their thoughts and connected the person in front of them to a rising mercenary in Millfall.
"That..."
Lukas also noticed the similarity between Vicente's powers and those of Cesar Mazzanti and looked at him differently, but he couldn't help but be fascinated by the skill of his contact.
'This skill is perfect for forging! I hadn't imagined Cesar Mazzanti's potential as a blacksmith!' He thought as he also considered his closeness to Vicente and whether it would be good to make a deal with someone with so many problems.
Lukas and his associates didn't know the details of what was happening in Millfall's underworld. They knew about the organizations that existed and the noble families that supported them and got involved in some problems. But even if they didn't know what Vicente was involved in, they knew those things could put them in danger.
That was a point they had to consider!
'So, he's revealing his identity to prove his powers of persuasion.' The only woman there thought as she admired Vicente's magical abilities.
Her eyes narrowed as she watched him form a mechanism and realize his potential.
'Vicente Fuller is a blacksmith, but he can also be an engineer!'
The skills of blacksmiths and engineers were not so different. In fact, they were complementary, and one with the ability for the other could venture into both fields if they wished.
Of course, each person would have stronger or weaker affinities for one side or the other. Still, someone capable of creating mechanisms could truly follow both paths.
The difficult part would be the path to follow, with more time for study and training.
Realizing Vicente's potential, the engineer became even more interested in him because having access to someone with a good talent for her profession could help her develop her own powers more easily.
Thinking about his potential, she saw that there were clear benefits to a relationship with Vicente, even if he was Cesar Mazzanti.
"So you're Cesar Mazzanti..." The doctor commented.
"I didn't expect someone like that to be so young and even closer to us." The other engineer, a young man with short green hair, said as he watched Vicente stop using his ability.
Casey stood silently next to Vicente, his hands behind his back as he stared intently at the group in front of him.
Meanwhile, Vicente had a smile on his face before he opened his mouth to speak again, this time having already revealed his secret to them.
"That's right. In the darkness of the city, I use this other name to operate locally and do some business that could put a target on my back. However, I'm not revealing who I am to frighten you. I want you to understand that I propose you to join the Mazzanti family, not House Fuller."
"Wouldn't that be the same?" Lukas laughed.
"No. I wouldn't be able to explain the hiring of you or the promotion of my men. But at House Mazzanti, I can do that without attracting attention." Vicente looked at Lukas and continued. "But don't get me wrong. You coming into my family doesn't mean I will give you guns and masks so you can work with my men.
On the contrary, you will have little or no contact with my people. But you won't have to work for anyone else and will be available to serve our needs from afar.
All contact between us will be made to keep the secret of who you will be working for as much as possible, which could significantly reduce the risks of you joining the family."
"Still, there would be no guarantees..." The engineer commented.
Vicente looked at that brown-haired woman named Rose Eaton and agreed. "Yes, I can't deny that. But the reward you will receive for the risks you take will not be small.
I'll pay each of you 40 gold coins a month, no matter how much work you do. In addition, I'll pay for all the ingredients, spells, materials, and, in short, everything you need to produce what I ask for.
In addition, I'll give you 10% of what you produce for yourself, and I'll also pay for any exams you need to take to improve your position in your profession. Of course, I'll also give you resources such as pills and potions."
What Vicente offered them was superb. There had to be a catch because no one would just give something away.
Behind the many benefits were the dangers of associating with him.
These young people looked at each other in silence as they thought about it, attracted by Vicente's offer but also afraid.
Not only was Vicente likely to get into a lot of trouble because of his identity as Cesar, he was a danger to them all!
As someone capable of killing people without blinking an eye, he was a hazardous man for these people, most of whom didn't know how to fight.
John North, a young man with short white hair, took a deep breath and asked. "What happens if we refuse your offer?"
 Everyone there looked at Vicente, putting aside whatever was on their minds to listen to what he had to say, all feeling tense.
Vicente smiled and pointed to Casey. "I'll let my friend here take care of you..."
Gulp!
Everyone felt their hearts beat faster as they looked at Casey.
Vicente finished his speech. "He will erase your memories of this encounter, and we can go on with our lives as if nothing had happened."
'Damn it, Vicente! You nearly scared me to death!' Lukas used one hand to prop himself up on a table as he stood, but he could feel his legs weakening.
He knew how to fight and had a lot of strength, but he wasn't sure he could defend himself against either of the two visitors.
The others also breathed more deeply as they relaxed their bodies, feeling what was to come after so much tension.
They had all felt their hearts racing after the first part of Vicente's speech!
Seeing their situation, Vicente smiled at how easily he had fooled them. "Anyway, your lives are not in danger if you're worried about that. I don't want unconnected people in my family. If you don't want to, you don't have to take the risks or have the opportunities I offer.
So please, make a choice. Whatever it is, I'll accept it."



Chapter 267 Mazzanti Family Agreements (1)
"I agree to join your family."
The first person to speak was the only woman there, Rose, a 2nd-stage engineer with a green talent and an unusual magical form.
When she expressed her intention to go ahead with the agreement proposed by Vicente, everyone looked at her, especially a man with green hair and a green talent, another engineer. "Are you sure about this, Rose? I know it's tempting, but we must consider that we might have to pay for these opportunities with our lives."
"I'm sure." She looked at her colleague and friend. "I understand the risks, and given the benefits, I accept whatever comes after. I choose to bet that Vicente Fuller will succeed, and I will have my share in his progress."
Vicente was pleased to hear it while the others pondered Rose's words, aware this was indeed a bet that depended on the young Fuller's success.
If Vicente succeeded and continued on his upward trajectory, the chances of them growing together would be great, though the risks would not be reduced to zero.
Otherwise, everyone involved with him would have a high chance of being pursued by enemies, and even if the risk of death weren't 100%, it would be high enough for them to at least be harmed.
In short, to stand by him was to believe that he would continue to win, something some of them thought was possible, while others doubted it.
'Vicente is a student of Benson King. Even if things go wrong for him, he'll probably be able to escape with the help of his master.' Lukas thought. 'Knowing Vice as I do, he wouldn't give up after a defeat. He would look for another chance to grow as long as he was alive, even if he failed here in Millfall. But we'd be crucial to him, so he'd probably try to take as many professionals with him as possible.'
If he had to risk being at Vicente's side, Lukas would rather be closer to the friend he had made months ago, as he thought his chances of survival would be better that way.
At the same time, aware of Vicente's talent for forging, the blond man couldn't help but hesitate to go ahead and accept the risks.
'Vicente will go very far in the forge. If I'm at his side and he has the means to keep his promises, I can go much further than I could on my own.' He clenched his fists before he heard another of his companions make up their minds.
"I, too, will join your Mazzanti family, Vicente Fuller." The doctor there, a man with black hair, green talent, and an unusual magical form, said determinedly about this opportunity.
"I will not join you. I'm sorry. The risk is too great." The other engineer there made up his mind while looking at Rose, hoping the fact that she had accepted would guarantee nothing would really happen to him.
'I hope Rose avoids something bad...' He thought, but was unwilling to take the risks Vicente offered.
Of all the people there, he was the only one who knew Marcus Symons had problems with Vicente because of his fiancée, Shelby Staples. Fearing possible trouble with Viscount Symons, the green-haired man decided.
"Leo... Are you sure?" Rose asked him.
"Yes. Vicente said that our memories of this meeting will be erased, right? If that's the case, I'll be fine. We can still be friends and see each other without me knowing about your affairs." He said, looking at her and Vicente.
"I guarantee that's all I'll do," Vicente confirmed again.
His credibility was essential. And with Casey on his side, he didn't mind if someone like that level 2 engineer didn't join his family.
Casey was a great weapon for Vicente!
"Sigh... It's a shame." Rose lamented. "What should I do when you ask me where my resources come from?"
"Make up an excuse. But don't tell me about Vicente's opportunity. I have no intention of taking the risks he represents, even if he succeeds in the short term."
"All right."
As they talked, the enchanter agreed to go ahead and join the Mazzanti family.
"I'll join your party. With someone with such good skills leading the family and someone capable of erasing memories, I think our chances won't be bad."
Lukas couldn't keep quiet any longer and said. "Me too. Vicente, I hope you can discuss and practice forging with me occasionally. Since I'm joining your family, I want to absorb as much of your knowledge as possible."
Lukas was better at forging than Vicente. They were at the same level, but he had been studying forging for more than five years, while the young Fuller had only been doing it for a few months.
However, Lukas could see Vicente overtaking him in a few months. By then, it would be time for him to benefit from having access to the head of the Mazzanti family.
"Okay, that's possible. I also want to teach you some things to do in my absence. You'll be crucial to my plans, Lukas." Vicente expressed with a smile, getting up from where he was to shake the dominant hand of the blond young man.
Vicente then looked at four of the five people with him and Casey and said. "Welcome to the Mazzanti family. Are you ready to sign Magic Agreements with me?"
The four agreed, smiling contentedly, aware of the risks but also that they would only benefit in the short term.
Even if Cesar had problems, it would take time before anyone realized they were connected to him. Until then, they would take advantage of their opportunities!
So the group would quickly draw up the Magic Agreement by mutual accord, with them and Vicente leaving their marks on the papers each party would take with them.
Only the green-haired man would do nothing of the sort, waiting for Casey to erase his memory of the last few minutes of their conversation.
 "Leo, right?" Casey finally looked at the engineer. "What I'm going to do to you won't give me access to your old memories, nor will it harm you. I'm just going to erase your memories since Vicente and I arrived. I'll replace them with false memories showing a failed negotiation in which Vicente didn't make you good enough offers, let alone talk about his secret identity."
"All right." Leo agreed.
In front of everyone, Casey activated his ability and did what he had promised.
That took no more than five minutes, and then he said to the people there. "He'll be conscious for a minute. Pretend that the deal has failed and that Vicente and I have just left."
"Okay."
Everyone agreed and looked at Leo strangely, curious to see what he would remember, while Vicente and Casey left.



Chapter 268 Mazzanti Family Agreements (2)
After Vicente and Casey left, it didn't take long for Leo to regain consciousness, blinking his eyes several times as he seemed to accommodate his eyes to the ambient light.
In the process, he felt a slight headache, enough to irritate him.
'Why do I feel like this?' He asked himself as everyone looked at him strangely.
"Leo, are you all right?" Rose asked him.
"Yeah, yeah, I just suddenly got a headache."
"Really?" Lukas saw that Casey's ability didn't work without adverse effects on his victims. 'If that power was used to erase someone's entire memory...'
Gulp!
He shuddered to think what would happen to some poor sap who went through that situation!
Meanwhile, John asked Leo. "What do you think of everything that just happened?"
He wanted to know how effective Casey's powers were!
Leo wasn't surprised by the question and stated. "Unfortunately, Vicente Fuller still has a lot to grow to want exclusivity from people with our perspectives. He doesn't seem to have any bad options, but supporting one of us should be his limit.
I don't intend to talk to him about any of this again. If he wants, he can come to me, and we can do some business, but no more than that."
Everyone there looked away from Leo, seeing he couldn't remember anything that had happened and had a false memory of everything.
'What a terrible thing!' John bitterly smiled. 'A power like that can make us believe in things that don't exist! It's very disturbing!'
Fortunately for them, they were on the side of the one who had such an ability!
...
While the new members of the Mazzanti family understand how powerful Vicente Fuller really is, with his influence capable of dominating even someone like Casey, those two disguise themselves and return to the Mazzanti estate.
Once there, Vicente ran into Rory and told his deputy about the outcome of the meeting that had just taken place and made it clear to him who he could start working with to further the family's goals.
Vicente had already discussed this with Rory over the past few days, giving him the resources to pass on to these new family members and how to contact them while he was in The Rocky Gorge.
With that in mind, Rory promised to follow up on the group's plans in Vicente's absence before presenting him with the results of the investigation into Jasmine's name.
"I have good and bad news about that woman, Vice." He said as he sat down next to Casey in one of the chairs in Vicente's office.
"Tell me the good news first." Vicente was already tired of the bad news.
"She didn't lie to us," Rory enunciated as he looked back and forth between Vicente and Casey. "She has influence in the temple she comes from, and her future prospects are excellent. If there's anything we can find out from her, it's only a matter of time before we get it. As long as she grows up and is committed to giving us information, we could benefit greatly from a deal with her."
"And what's the bad news?" Casey asked instead of Vicente.
"The bad news is that she's the daughter of a Sovereign." Rory went straight to the critical point. "Her father isn't in the province. He lives in the capital of the kingdom. But if news of what we've done to her reaches him..."
"We will be dead." Casey finished Rory's speech and looked into Vicente's eyes.
"I see. That's awful news." Vicente mumbled, closing his eyes and remembering once again the day he had lost his mother when Sovereigns had fought too close to him.
"If that's the case, we have to make a deal with her and kill everyone who might have had contact with the information about what we did." Vicente quickly made up his mind.
They couldn't kill Jasmine. She was all they had to protect them from an angry Sovereign. But as for the others, there was nothing better than their deaths to protect the information about the beginning of their relationship with Jasmine.
Casey agreed, already expecting this would be his responsibility. "But how do we do that?"
"I'll have to rely on you." Vicente looked into Casey's eyes. "When the time comes, you'll have to help me find everyone who knows about the Jasmine incident. You'll have to read the memories of these people and, from there, find out who has the information. After that, my group will deal with them."
"It won't be easy. My ability doesn't work so well against those at my level or higher. I'd need those people to be unconscious for me to do what you're asking."
"We'll take care of that," Vicente assured, feeling the headache of solving so many problems.
Then he stood up and said. "Anyway, I'll see if I can get her to talk a little more. I'll keep pushing, but I'll make sure she has a signed agreement with us before I leave for The Rocky Gorge."
"You're leaving tomorrow?" Rory asked.
 "The day after tomorrow, in the morning."
With that, Vicente left them behind and made his way back to Jasmine in the underground area of his property.
As Vicente made his way to the pink-haired woman, two of the new soldiers, who had come from Martell Village after some of the men who had recently advanced in rank had gone there in the previously planned exchange, entered the Don's office.
"Deputy, I have news about the director of the young lady's academy." One of them said to Rory, feeling proud to be able to serve the Mazzanti family, especially someone as talented as this young man, currently at level 2.
The other said. "The current director will resign. After we denounced him for his possible involvement in the kidnapping of the young lady and revealed to him his wife's affair with the young master of the Symons family, he made a deal with us to drop the case in exchange for his resignation."
"Is that so? That's good. How are the interviews going with the candidates for his position?" Rory asked.
"Well, I'd say. We don't know who will be the final choice of the teachers. But we have well-developed conversations with the teachers' preferred candidates. We're confident we'll have someone we trust in the academy." One of the two new soldiers commented.
"Perfect. Keep working hard. Having the merit to act for the good of the young lady is just as important as killing enemies of the family."
"Yes, Deputy! We'll do our best!" The two said in excited tones.
Thus, the family would turn their attention to what they could influence in the short term, and the next hours would pass quickly, reaching the time limit for Vicente to move on to The Rocky Gorge!



Chapter 269 Time to go The Rocky Gorge
Hours passed, and it was the evening before Vicente left for The Rocky Gorge.
After much pressure on Jasmine and investigations by his people, Vicente managed to get her to sign an agreement promising to help him with the secrets of the Congregation of Revelations.
Jasmine still hadn't told Vicente what she could give him. However, after seeing him next to Casey Rogers, the famous Mister Amnesia she knew, the woman's fear of what might happen to her had increased.
She agreed to help him in the future and even share her faith's secrets. But this would depend on her increasing her influence and position in the Congregation of Revelations and Vicente increasing his powers.
His knowledge of any high-level information about it would be dangerous for both of them. To prevent them from having high-level problems while they were weak, Jasmine had made Vicente agree not to press her for these secrets before he became a Sovereign.
From Jasmine's point of view, there was a good chance that wouldn't happen. Even if it did, he and she would be strong enough to at least try to escape the problems that would come their way because of their formalized relationship tonight.
Until then, they would only help each other in matters that had nothing to do with the secrets of the Congregation of Revelation.
...
"What are you going to do with them?" Jasmine asked Vicente as she finally left the cell where she had spent the last few days, feeling the freedom of no longer having several restrictive items on her.
Seeing his new ally who couldn't betray him now that she had made a Magic Agreement with him, Vicente made no secret of it. "It will be better if they die. With what they know, we're all in danger."
Their Magic Agreement stated that if the previous incident led to problems or even Vicente's death, Jasmine would be severely punished.
Magic Agreements were made based on the magical mark of those involved, which would be used as a means of punishment in the event of non-compliance.
How did this come about? Well, it was complex. But to put it simply, it had to do with the elements.
The elements had their classifications, rules, and a kind of 'consciousness.'
When a person makes a promise with their elements as witnesses, the strange 'conscience' of the elements would recognize that promise and begin to watch over them.
If a contract were broken, the party that broke it would have a change generated in them by this elemental 'consciousness.' They might lose complete control over their elements or even die, depending on the circumstances.
But this 'consciousness' wasn't like something that could take shape, have a reason, or even act purposefully. It was something that basically only worked with Magic Agreements and served as a witness to the promises of all parties.
That's why, in this world, it's very difficult to break a contract, even though there are ways to do it!
How do you break a contract without punishing yourself? Simply by stealing and destroying the other party's copy of the contract.
That was how Vicente had pressured the Peters family after arriving in Millfall.
But it wasn't that simple, which is why Vicente was confident that he could free Jasmine so that she could go back, reduce the chances of them getting into trouble, and still act on his behalf.
She couldn't go after him or send someone else. Any deliberate attempt to break the contract would result in punishment. For her, the only way she could escape her obligations was if another party planned to act against Vicente and destroy his agreement with her without her involvement.
But at the moment, Jasmine herself didn't expect that to happen. She was willing to fulfill her promise, so she was worried about the possibility of Mark and Layla doing something stupid.
She looked seriously at the holes in Vicente's mask and said. "Mark will probably try something stupid, so I don't care what you do to him and those he has involved in the problem. I'm even willing to help you deal with them. But Layla is my friend. I want you to give her a chance."
"Why should I do that?" Vicente asked.
Since there was no advantage in keeping the woman alive, he wasn't interested in doing what Jasmine wanted.
She was obligated to honor her agreement with him, and if she could not convince him to change his mind, she might even be forced to help him deal with her best friend!
Jasmine broke into a cold sweat and said. "Having just one person in the Congregation of Revelations isn't enough for someone like you to benefit from, Cesar.
If you're going to get the best results in our temples, you need to have several people you can trust. Layla could be such a person. She is a good friend of mine and has the same level of talent as me. And even though her background is ordinary, because she's my friend, I might be able to help her increase her influence within the organization.
Besides, I won't always be able to deal with you. Sometimes we won't be together because of the events I have to attend. On the other hand, Layla doesn't have as many responsibilities as I do and could be a more active ally for you."
"Hmm, that makes sense. But she'll have to sign an agreement just as compromising as yours, Jasmine. Without guarantees, I won't keep a second witness to what happened alive." Vicente didn't disagree, seeing that there would be real advantages to having Layla in his group of allies.
"I'll make sure she accepts it," Jasmine said, not wanting to lose her good friend. "You won't regret it, Cesar. Layla is very loyal and smart. She will be precious to you in the future."
"We'll see in the future." He walked before her and returned to the first floor while forming a metal mask for Jasmine.
"Use this to leave the city and then return to the local temple. It won't be interesting if you leave my house without something to hide your identity."
"Okay." She didn't question him, and promptly pulled the mask over her face as she left the Mazzanti mansion when it was already dark in the city.
 "Stay in town for the next few days so we can resolve the issue with your companions. I'll take a short trip to The Rocky Gorge, but I shouldn't be gone more than a week." He warned her, intending to leave her there to support his group in his absence.
Jasmine was very talented and influential!
"Good luck with your hunt. When Layla or Mark arrive in town, I'll try to approach them with your men. With Mister Amnesia, we'll be able to find out who knows about what happened and deal with it." She said before leaving.
Vicente would soon return to his house, where he would say goodbye to Nina that night because, at dawn, he would leave for The Rocky Gorge.
With almost level 3 magic power this time, he was much more confident of surviving that dangerous area where a 3rd-stage magic beast had nested!



Chapter 270 Back to The Rocky Gorge
Three hours after setting out alone from Millfall, Vicente was already near the deepest part of The Rocky Gorge, having retraced much of the path he had taken weeks ago when fleeing from stronger and more numerous enemies.
Most of the way, he had encountered no problems, just as he had weeks ago. The Rocky Gorge had several types of magical beings in its area, but most were closer to its center.
At the same time, most of the beasts in the area had become more cautious in the days since the army and local powers had begun exploring the area, interested in what might be in the basilisk's nest.
Not only that, but having reached almost 96% progress at level 2, Vicente hoped to advance to level 3 in the next two days, something that would make him stronger than almost all the magical beings in this great forest.
Aside from the 3rd stage basilisk and a few humans from the army group, there weren't many creatures around that could threaten him!
Due to these circumstances, he would soon find traces of the army battalions hunting in the area.
...
In the early afternoon, Vicente reached a partially destroyed forest area, with smoke rising here and there from ashes, fallen trees, and the remains of animals and humans.
While observing the area from behind a bush, Vicente's eyes narrowed as he saw six small creatures with green skins, each one of them having big mouths full of sharp teeth.
'Goblins? What are these creatures doing here?' He asked himself, knowing this was a battleground for the royal army's conflict with the beasts in the area.
Not only was this not a battlefield of goblins, but it was not a common area to see such creatures.
The continent Vicente was on, Polaris Realm, was vast, with different types of natural habitats, races, climates, and so on. But even though he was in a small part of the continent and didn't know much about it, he knew goblins and other special magical creatures were not common in this southeastern part of the continent.
There shouldn't be any goblins, giants, orcs, ogres, etc., in the area of the Seidel Kingdom. These were creatures that, according to the stories, lived further northwest, at the other end of the continent.
Finding members of these races in other parts of the continent was not impossible. But it was extremely difficult, especially in this area of the Seidel Kingdom.
Vicente remembered the encounter he and Rory had had with goblins on their way from Millfall to Martell Village months ago and was worried.
Goblins were extremely dangerous to lower-level beings. They weren't particularly powerful, but they could reach the beginning of the 3rd stage. If a group of goblins lived between Martell Village and Millfall, it could become a great danger to those areas and people traveling nearby.
Goblins were known to loot, kill travelers, and kidnap women and children. Although their behavior was considered chaotic and unreasonable, these magical creatures were generally more intelligent than ordinary beasts.
For example, instead of getting into trouble with stronger beings, goblins would secretly hide near them and try to steal from them. They would take advantage of third-party battles to collect items from those wounded or killed in combat.
In short, they could operate under the radar against those stronger than them, collecting items, using them to strengthen themselves, and even planning actions.
Beasts would do this as they grew stronger, but goblins had these instincts from the very 1st stage. Although they couldn't be compared to humans, they were ingenious creatures.
Vicente had learned the basics about them from the books he had read growing up in Martell Village, and he was interested in this group of goblins.
'I will follow them.' He decided to let the creatures do what they wanted in the rubble while he stored his mana in his body and hid behind a large bush.
This time, he wouldn't act violently, especially since the strongest goblin there was only a level 1 Acolyte.
'I don't know exactly where to go to find the basilisk's nest. So I'll follow these creatures. If they are settled in this area, as I think they are, they might know something about the basilisk.' Vicente folded his hands, feeling this was the best he could do for now.
If these goblins had a camp nearby, it was almost certain that they would have resources from raids in the area. What's more, they might be plotting against the basilisk and have information about such a beast!
So Vicente stood quietly in his place and watched as the group of green creatures collected the belongings of the dead in the area.
There were the bodies of 8 humans and 15 beasts but also damaged weapons and shields, probably items left behind by fleeing humans or beasts.
When they finished after a few minutes and started to move north, Vicente followed them from a safe distance, keeping an eye on them but also on their surroundings.
'Let's see where this takes me...'
...
Meanwhile, in another area of the depths of The Rocky Gorge...
Nova sat on a rock near a stream and washed her sword, stained with dirt and blood, while several of her companions without serious injuries did the same.
Meanwhile, others moaned in pain, receiving first aid from comrades while the group's doctor cared for those in the worst condition.
After days in this area, her group had fought several times against 2nd stage beasts in search of their target, the 3rd stage basilisk.
Finding this creature was not as easy as one might think!
 The basilisk was defensive about its territory, but with so many groups of humans entering the area in the past few days, it wouldn't reveal itself easily.
If anyone wanted to find it, they would have to find its nest and challenge it!
Until then, its many subordinates in the area would act against groups like Nova's to scare off or even eliminate opponents.
As one of the strongest in her group, behind the commander leading the battalion, Nova hadn't been hurt too badly in the last battle, but that didn't stop her from worrying.
The number of beasts in the area far exceeded the number of groups that were there to hunt the basilisk!
"Sigh... I hope this ends soon." She thought as she looked at the stream in front of her, which was now reddish-brown from the blood and dirt left behind by soldiers like her.



Chapter 271 Goblin Camp
Hours later...
Vicente stood at the cave entrance where the goblins he had been hunting had just entered.
It was already night in this part of the Seidel Kingdom, and he could see a strange glow coming from inside the cave, indicating that there was more to it than just a cave.
Stopping at a tree near the entrance to the cave, Vicente scanned the area, activating his second ability to see the electromagnetic field lines in the area.
Noticing a powerful field there, Vicente understood there were a large number of goblins or some powerful goblins near him.
'I estimate that the total power of these goblins does not exceed the 2nd stage.' His eyes narrowed as he finished using his ability, and he returned to see things the normal way.
It wouldn't do for Vicente to try to infiltrate the goblin camp inside that cave. He could not communicate with such magical creatures, and trying to eavesdrop on them wouldn't do him any good.
Then he cautiously approached the entrance to the tunnel, aware that there was no way to get in without attracting the enemy's attention, except by using the sneaky methods he had developed on Earth.
Walking on tiptoe, careful not to disturb his surroundings, Vicente appeared at the cave entrance.
The entrance to the cave was L-shaped, so as soon as he entered, he encountered a front wall and a bend to the right.
He stopped by one of the walls of the cave entrance, looked inside, and saw a chamber that was better lit than the dark outside of the cave. There were several green creatures in the chamber that seemed to have been dug by themselves.
'One... Six... Twelve...' Vicente quickly counted the enemies and came up with 29 goblins. Of them, 20 were Apprentices, and the rest were between levels 1 and 5.
But in addition to them, Vicente realized there were more living creatures in the cave because of the screams and human voices he heard when he stopped to observe them momentarily.
'Hostages?' Vicente wondered, imagining this must be the case.
Having seen the worst, he stopped cautiously and cast a spell based on the earth element.
Closing the only exit from the cave, Vicente walked towards the area where the goblins had already sensed the arrival of their enemies and were on the move.
Listening to the strange drumming of these creatures, something incomprehensible to the average human ear, Vicente saw the strongest goblins running towards him, spears in hand, preparing to attack.
As he walked with his mask on his face, his two pentagrams appeared simultaneously in his surroundings, making the creatures attacking him from the sides, below and above, find infinity between them and him.
After seeing a diabolical scene, the weaker goblins didn't hesitate to enter the hostages' cells and point their daggers at the necks of the women and children inside them.
There were a dozen humans, two children, and nine women, most of them young, but there were two older women in the group.
Some had purple marks all over their bodies, torn clothes, and depressed looks on their faces.
The only two men there, white-haired elders, had hateful glances at these creatures, not fearing death.
"Please, sir, please, kill them!" One of the two bruised and weakened men shouted at Vicente. "These wretches tortured us and even raped some of these poor women! Please kill them!"
"I beg you! Kill them!"
Hearing these human voices, the Apprentice goblins, with their weapons already pointed at their vital points, made even uglier expressions, imagining these humans were talking nonsense.
One of them picked up the blade and moved it diagonally, slicing at the neck of the old man who had uttered the most incomprehensible words.
"Oh? You think you can act as you please in my presence, you filthy creature?" Vicente raised one of his arms and gestured as if to pick something up.
His first pentagram glowed brighter as he did so, and those lower-level goblins who tried to act against their hostages were suddenly paralyzed.
Feeling something change within them, all of the Apprentice goblins suddenly opened their eyes wide as they opened their mouths to scream in pain.
However, facing Vicente, the 1st stage creatures had no chance of survival!
Suddenly, 15 bodies exploded, sending bright red blood spurting in all directions, staining the walls of the cave and covering the bodies of the people inside the cells.
The children were unconscious then and didn't see what had happened. But the men and women there opened their eyes in amazement, not expecting their terrible enemies to be killed so easily.
Almost all of them were Apprentices, with only one of the women and the two old men being level 1 Acolytes. For them, the group of goblins was very strong and difficult to deal with.
But Vicente had killed them without even touching them, tearing them to pieces in front of everyone.
The strongest goblins attacking Vicente made terrible sounds when they saw what had just happened, but under their opponent's electromagnetic control, they were all thrown in different directions with no chance of escape.
 "I don't need you alive, goblins. Whatever your plans or stories, it all ends here." He said as he sent several metallic objects around his body, flying toward the enemies, mercilessly slashing at the creatures.
As the bloodied bodies of the goblins, with parts of themselves cut off, heads decapitated, trunks split into two or three pieces, slowly fell to the ground, the bloodied humans looked at Vicente while feeling as if time had stopped.
Gulp!
'Who is this one?' One of the older women there, a level 1 Acolyte, swallowed her saliva as she saw the most powerful being she had ever seen.
The moment Vicente used his ability to destroy the cell they were all in, making the chains holding them disappear, half of the group immediately knelt before him.
"Savior!"
"Savior!"
They said similar things, thanking him while feeling different emotions in their hearts, the good feeling of seeing their enemies die, being free again, and standing in front of the powerful being who had freed them, who they didn't know and who was unpredictable.
Vicente ignored them and immediately focused on the spatial rings, magical artifacts, and many other items scattered around that stinking cave.
'That wasn't what I expected, but it's very good!' He was pleased to get the first victory of his journey through The Rocky Gorge, a good start for him.
But seeing some books, especially maps, Vicente would soon put aside the other things and magical artifacts around to find something related to the basilisk nest.



Chapter 272 Purposeless People
Vicente went to the corner of the cave where the books, parchments, and scrolls were kept and quickly searched for anything that might lead him to the basilisk.
The goblins were rational enough to know how to follow a map and even make maps, even when they were only at the 1st stage. As they grew stronger, their mentality developed, something familiar to all magical creatures.
Vicente was sure the dead goblins nearby must have been able to map the region, even if they weren't the strongest of their kind. Considering how mercenary they were, belonging to a race of thieves, there was a high probability that there was something useful there.
But even if there weren't, Vicente would never regret killing the goblins. Whether he liked it or not, he couldn't communicate with creatures of that race, and of course, he wouldn't be able to find out anything by interrogating one of the goblins.
'The Rocky Gorge...' Suddenly, Vicente opened a piece of parchment and saw a relatively small map that showed an area he knew from this forest region.
'If I'm not mistaken, the point marked with an 'o' is where I am. As for the 'x,' that must be the goblins' point of interest... Maybe the basilisk's nest!' Vicente put the map away in his storage item, feeling it would be useful.
But it could be anything but the basilisk's nest. Goblins would be interested in anything that could provide them with resources. As creatures with survival instincts, they could tell when risks were worth taking or not, so it wasn't necessarily what Vicente wanted.
He then continued his quick analysis of the documents while the goblin hostages remained prostrate and treated him like a hero.
But one of the 12 humans soon saw that Vicente didn't care about them and stood up.
"Savior, please, can you tell me your name? I would like to serve the man who rescued me from the horrors of the goblins!" This middle-aged level 2 woman said with tears in her eyes.
Vicente then said while continuing to analyze what was there. "My name is Cesar Mazzanti, I am from Millfall."
"Cesar from Millfall!" Some of the younger women murmured, tears streaming from their eyes as they looked toward their savior, still prostrate on the ground.
"What a beautiful name! As expected from someone so great!" One of the two old men said as he also stood up.
"Sir, please let me serve you. I may be weak and useless, but I'm willing to do anything for you! I have nothing left. Please let me serve you!" A man said pleadingly.
"Oh?" Vicente looked back, finally taking his eyes off the items left by the goblins. "Why don't you keep your freedom? Now you can go anywhere."
"There's nowhere to go, sir. Six months ago, I had a life. Now I'm just an empty body. I breathe, but I'm not really alive." He said, not wanting to remember everything that had happened since his family had encountered a group of goblins.
Vicente couldn't ignore it. He felt the same way when he thought about his powerlessness in the face of the Sovereigns who had killed his mother!
Clenching his fists so tightly that his bones rattled, he said. "Then I accept you as my servant. Your life now belongs to me. If you betray or harm me, I will punish you with death.
Do you accept that?"
"I accept!" He said with a smile, showing Vicente the joy that a person with nothing left in this world could have in gaining a new purpose.
Not everyone would respond to extreme misery in the same way. But there were those who would not be able to end their suffering on their own and would end up living like lost souls without happiness or purpose.
That would be the fate of such a man and some of the other people there. However, some of them were able to escape this cruel fate in time!
"I want to serve you too, master!" The other man and the level 1 woman said simultaneously, more or less in the same situation as the old man, with no family and no place to go.
Vicente looked at the other women there and decided to take anyone who wanted to join him into his family. Of course, he would force them to sign contracts with him because he wasn't pious enough to take risks for strangers.
He needed people anyway, so accepting these extremely dedicated people could be good for him.
"Anyone else interested?" He asked.
Of the seven remaining women, two still had their brothers with them. So they decided to use their freedom to escape this place.
"We thank the savior Cesar and will be forever grateful to you. But we have to take care of our brothers, and we can't follow you." The two women said similar things.
Then, the only one of the two women who didn't want to follow Vicente's family made an unexpected request of him.
"Sir, I want to die. After all that has happened to me, life has no meaning anymore." She said as Vicente looked at the wounds on her body and understood what she had been through...
"Lexi!"
"Don't do it, girl! Life is too precious for you to give up like this!"
The others tried to tell her otherwise.
"There's no way someone like me can recover from all this," Lexi said as she looked at the others who had gone through what she had in the cave. "I really admire your strength, Mira, Lana. But I'd rather die. I won't be able to live with myself after the terror we've experienced here, losing my husband and son and seeing them devoured by beasts..." She said as she intensely cried. "I would rather die."
Vicente looked into the woman's eyes and said. "I can erase your memories and make you forget all that. Would you still rather die?"
 She hesitated momentarily as the others watched but didn't change her mind. "Yes. I choose death. It would be easy to forget, but I still wouldn't have my husband or my son. How could I live with that void inside me? If there is something after death, I'd rather be with my family." She said, making the others there feel terrible and cry for her.
"All right." Vicente accepted it. "Do you want some time to say goodbye?"
"No. I can go now." She said as she stood up.
Vicente closed his eyes and made his red pentagram appear, manipulating a piece of metal behind Lexi.
"Goodbye, Lexi. I hope you have better luck in the afterlife if you get another chance." With these words, Vicente struck her vital point at high speed, killing her in a single motion, painlessly, of course.



Chapter 273 Breakthrough
As Lexi's body fell to the ground, already lifeless, the women stood there shocked as if there was no tomorrow, full of pain, thinking this could be them if things were just a little bit different.
They had learned to live with Lexi in this place for months and had formed a bond with that woman, so they feel horrible for her now.
None of them would blame Vicente for his decision to kill Lexi, as she herself had wanted it, but they all would have preferred it if she had been stronger and had chosen to live.
Vicente himself was in a bad mood. He didn't know the stories of these people, but he could see they were just like him, victims of this terrible society.
They had probably suffered even more than he had, so he felt a certain kinship with them.
But he had his agenda there, and he said. "I am sorry for your loss. But we don't have time for remorses now. We're in a hazardous area of The Rocky Gorge. There's a 3rd stage basilisk nearby, and since several battalions of the royal army are hunting it in the area, all the beasts in the vicinity are acting cautiously and dealing with human groups deep in the region."
"What? A 3rd stage beast?" The level 1 woman asked, turning pale with fear.
The goblins had kidnapped them in the past few months. But they had no idea of the strength of the beasts in the area they were in, let alone that it was the deepest part of a region with reported beast sightings.
"This is very bad. How will we escape?" One of the two men asked, once again becoming discouraged.
"For now, help me organize all the items in this cave. I want you to separate the coins by type, the resources and materials here." Vicente ordered.
"And then what?" The older man asked as he began to stack the coins for his new master.
"You have two options. Stay here and wait for me to return to Millfall together. Or venture out on your own. I can draw you a map that can lead you to the town. You can get there in a day's walk if you're lucky."
They considered the options before them as they did what he had just ordered.
Venturing out would be bad, but according to Vicente's words, they would have to stay alone in this cave for a while until he returned.
However, as strong as he was and as high as he was in the minds of these people, they wouldn't consider him as strong as a 3rd stage beast!
If he ventured into the depths of The Rocky Gorge, there was a risk that he wouldn't return!
"Don't tell me the master is going..." The level 1 woman was about to say when Vicente interrupted and completed her words.
"That's right, I'm going to hunt the beast. Or rather, I'm going after what might be in its nest."
Gulp!
Everyone made a fuss, but no one tried to change Vicente's mind. A master decided what to do, and the thoughts of their servants mattered little!
"I guess we should take our chances then..." Said one of the younger women.
Vicente saw that they were going to do it and said. "Very well, I'll give you something to protect yourself with. It will help you get to Millfall." He then used his skills and spells to manipulate the walls and floor of the cave to make metal appear there.
Vicente took his time to create weapons and ammunition for the nine adults who would travel to Millfall, something that would give even weak people like them a promising chance of survival.
The people there watched as he made strange weapons, ammunition, and masks.
After a few minutes of this, he was sweating and had used up more than half of his mana. Then, he said. "I want you to use these to go to Millfall. These weapons are quite powerful and can increase your chances of escaping this area without too many casualties."
Then, he demonstrated how to use his weapons, something simple that even children would learn after seeing someone use it just once.
Bang!
Everyone saw Vicente fire his weapon and noticed the power of the oddly shaped thing.
"That's really powerful!" One of the men said.
"Yes. Anyway, to get it, you have to confirm your agreements with me, which means there's no going back after that." He said as he looked at these people from under his mask. "Do you accept that?"
They all agreed, nodding their heads or shouting their decisions out loud.
"Very well. I will meditate to recover, and then we will sign our agreements. In the meantime, finish organizing the resources in this cave and any maps of the area. I'm after the basilisk's nest, so maps might be most valuable to me."
Everyone turned their attention back to the items around them while Vicente took advantage of the number of helpers there to meditate and get closer to level 3.
He had gotten new helpers, but not only that, he had decided to use his forging skills there to push himself a little more and get better results from his meditation.
With people to do his work, he could focus on getting stronger before continuing his journey to the basilisk!
 Soon, the group of newer MazzantiFuller family members would finish cataloging the resources the goblins had accumulated in the area over the months, with some of them even cleaning up the area full of bodies.
Throughout the night, Vicente would eventually reach 99% progress, the threshold between levels 2 and 3!
At that level, he would meditate for hours into the night in pursuit of his breakthrough!
As a new day approached, and the darkness of the night gradually gave way to the light of the day, Vicente felt a change in his being.
Suddenly, his magic power, which had been stuck at the limit of level 2, broke through the barriers to level 3, condensing his 3rd Triangle while his mana increased in volume and density.
In a matter of moments, he went from being a level 2 to a level 3 Acolyte, about 17% stronger than he was at the peak of level 2!
Vincent couldn't feel much difference from his surroundings when he opened his eyes because of this advancement, but he felt much stronger inside.
Normally, one could only grow "grain by grain" within a level. But by advancing in levels or stages, one would have leaps in growth that would make it very easy to feel the increase in power within oneself.
'Now I'm ready!' He smiled under his mask, feeling prepared to continue his journey in The Rocky Gorge.



Chapter 274 The Basilisks Nest
Awakening from his meditation, Vicente soon heard his new servants congratulating him on his progress, telling him how great he was and how much stronger he would be in the future.
That didn't bother him, and he soon concentrated on finalizing his dealings with these people, quickly writing a Magic Agreement that would benefit him more than them.
A contract of servitude worked in the master's favor!
None of the seven adults there saw any problem with Vicente's terms and accepted them without question.
With seven contracts signed, Vicente gave the people the guns he had made with enough ammunition for them to leave The Rocky Gorge. Of course, he also gave them masks to protect their identities.
"Wear these for now. I want you to go to Millfall and find the Mazzanti family headquarters. There, the Deputy will take care of you and arrange places for you to serve me according to your abilities." He advised them.
The seven who had signed contracts of servitude with him accepted, and then Vicente looked at the two women who would leave with their brothers later. "As for you two, you should travel together to them for now. The deputy head of my family will see what he can do and send you safely to your destination. It will take a few days, but eventually, you will have the freedom you desire."
"Thank you, Mister Cesar!" The two thanked him.
"You all can take half of the 1st-grade items you cataloged for me. Use them wisely on your journey to Millfall."
The eyes of these people shone while some still put on their metal masks.
"Master, there are two more maps besides the one you saw earlier. They're right over there." The level 1 woman commented as she pointed to them. "I hope they can help you with your task."
"Hmmm."
With that, the group of 11 people, no longer hesitating, set off in the simple formation Vicente had taught them and started their journey toward the Mazzanti family headquarters.
Left alone there, Vicente collected several bronze, silver, and gold coins, the equivalent of 300 gold coins.
It wasn't much compared to his current wealth, but it was a very high value for a group of low-level thieves!
Apart from the coins, there were a few artifacts, most of them being low-grade spatial rings, weapons, and armor, all of them 1st grade.
Vicente kept them because he had men who could use those things.
As for the pills and potions, the group that had just left had taken half of everything there, leaving Vicente with 6 potions and 3 pills, with only one 2nd-grade pill.
Finally, he picked up the maps and studied them, comparing the three maps he had and realizing that two were from this region but marked different places.
'I have two destinations. I'll go to the place closest to where I am.' He decided as he put the other map away and held up the first one he had looked at earlier. 'I hope this is the basilisk's nest!'
...
After Vicente left the cave where the old goblin camp was, it didn't take him long to reach the spot marked on one of the maps of the region he had just picked up.
Traveling with a map was much easier than randomly searching for small signs that might lead nowhere.
Following the path marked by the goblins, Vicente soon found himself in front of a special place in the area of The Rocky Gorge, which wasn't the basilisk's nest but had its value to him.
Once he reached the spot marked with an 'x' on the map, he didn't even need to use his skill to see what the goblins' object of interest was.
In a deep part of the tree-covered canyon in this region, where there was a small stream, there was a small plant growing on a purple crystal.
At first glance, one might think this was just an ordinary crystal and plant. But when Vicente felt the mana coming from it, he didn't even need to use his skill to realize it was valuable.
'That... A wild magic herb?' He asked himself as he looked at it closely, standing at a certain distance from it.
There were two types of herbs, not measuring their quality, of course. Some were wild and grew naturally, and some were artificial, planted, and controlled by intelligent organisms, mostly humans.
But while artificial herbs made up most of the world's, they had one major weakness. Because of how they were grown, they didn't develop an essential part: consciousness.
The plants in Polaris Realm developed consciousness and even formed pentagrams, almost like beasts and some kinds of magical beings did.
However, artificial magic herbs were suppressed and cultivated to have only their most essential essences, so they didn't develop pentagrams or consciousness.
Wild herbs, on the other hand, were the natural forms of these organisms that could increase their level and quality while alive, have consciousness, and even generate pentagrams.
They were precious to alchemists because their pentagrams were the most compatible with people with botanical skills.
Moreover, even if you weren't interested in the pentagram these beings could generate, the "nutritional value" of wild herbs in pills and potions was much higher than that of artificial ones of the same type.
 That all sounded very good, but there was a catch.
Conscious plants were as violent as beasts!
If the goblins knew where this plant was, it meant that they hadn't been able to harvest it and were keeping an eye on this place.
'What should I do?' Vicente sensed the level of that herb, which should be at the same level or even stronger than the 3rd stage basilisk.
Wild herbs had two classifications in terms of their properties. One was before their consciousness was destroyed, and the other after.
The first classification put them in the same reality as magical beings, and they were classified according to the traditional stages of magic. When they had their consciousness killed, they were no longer considered living beings and were classified as magical resources, just like pills and artifacts in general.
'This herb is here because no one who knows about it has been able to defeat it. Or perhaps it is because the third stage basilisk itself intends to devour it when it reaches its maximum development. That means it's either very strong or the basilisk is watching this place...'
Vincent thought. 'Either way, I'll have to face a 3rd-stage being if I want it!'
Vicente knew how valuable it could be and the power it would give him to attract a talented alchemist to his family and even create pills with excellent properties. Aware the path was not easy for those like him, he stood firm where he was and convinced himself to act!
'As long as I'm here, there's no reason not to take a chance! Let's see those 3rd stage powers!' He told himself as he walked toward the herb while his pentagrams gradually emerged from his body.



Chapter 275 Fighting a Plant
With his mana circulating through his Magic Gem and his two pentagrams ready, Vicente cautiously approached the herb in front of him.
As he did so, he could see the field lines around it, noticing how they grew stronger as he approached it.
As he took another step closer to his target, Vicente suddenly felt the mana in his surroundings change, sending a chill down his spine.
"Shit!"
He didn't wait and moved, jumping from where he was to the side.
As he did so, he saw a dark purple root emerge from the ground where he was, attacking so quickly that if he had been any slower, it would have stabbed his body.
Seeing how sharp the tip of the root was, Vicente realized even though it couldn't change its position, the herb in front of him had its ways of acting against him.
'The roots that attacked me and the others I can feel moving through the ground are not part of its body. They are just part of the special powers of this herb.' Vicente thought as he moved, first acting defensively while trying to find an opening to attack.
The body of the medicine in front of him was only the small plant above the crystal on the ground. The roots that attacked Vicente were like a special spell!
Plants and animals couldn't cast spells for the most part. However, like magicians, they had elemental affinities.
It was much easier for them to manipulate their mana and the compatible elements around them than it was for humans. As a result, such beings could easily create elemental forms of attack and defense within their domain.
Vicente saw this in practice for the first time when he noticed that the roots attacking him were not limited by that 'little' plant position.
'Plant bodies are quite vulnerable. As long as I can reach it, I can control it.' He gazed at the plant with narrowed eyes as various roots surrounded him, coming from plants in the area, from the ground, and even from the air itself.
Through what looked like a magic circle, roots in the air appeared out of nowhere and rushed toward Vicente as if they were living beings.
However, they were not living beings but part of the plant's power and the area's natural elements, which, by the way, was very favorable to the creature.
No wonder it had evolved there!
Vicente combined his two powers when he found himself surrounded by these roots, causing the space to distort while a spherical distorted area appeared around him.
When six root tips as thick as adult hands were about to reach him, they hit Vicente's barrier, slamming into it and pushing it against him.
But they couldn't get past Vicente's defenses. They went further than any of his previous enemies had ever gone, but they still couldn't reach him, deforming the field lines around him like weights against an elastic fabric.
Vicente broke out in a cold sweat as he found himself in such a position, feeling his mana being rapidly consumed by his abilities.
'I have to finish this quickly.' He looked at the 'small' plant not far from him.
Conscious plants like the one near Vicente had many variations depending on the species they came from, the level they were at, and so on. However, they were usually weak in defense and not very intelligent.
That is, their consciousness at low levels was limited to a natural sense of things around them. An instinct that was useful for defending themselves or even hiding from threats around them.
Their intelligence was not as complex as that of the goblins, for example, who were intelligent enough to know the value of this herb, to find the way to it, and to observe it.
It just existed, and their intelligence made them try to live as long as possible, no matter their situation.
That usually gave them enough to try to defend themselves and hide from beings interested in acting against them, but it also made them vulnerable.
Once he reached the body of that plant, Vicente was certain that it would no longer attack him for fear of being killed.
He wouldn't even have to kill it to defeat it!
Since the plant's body had several limitations, if he got too close to it, even though he was weaker, he could deliver a deadly blow that it would be unable to defend against. That would be his victory.
With that in mind, Vicente used what he had to push the roots that were trying to hit him in the opposite direction, knowing that the plant couldn't control many roots at once, let alone make them disappear and reappear in other positions quickly.
'Now!'
As he acted, the roots flew in the opposite direction, and he moved, hovering in the air and heading quickly toward the vulnerable 'little' plant right in front of him.
"Gotcha!" He muttered as he made his first pentagram glow brighter, attacking the herb's body internally as he approached it.
The plant found itself in a terrible situation as it noticed several metallic spears forming around it from the metals in its enemy's body while the metallic elements in its own body trembled under Vicente's control.
If it could think like a human being, the creature would curse Vicente as it felt its whole body shaking while it couldn't control its parts even 25% as much as it normally could.
 Even though there was a huge difference in mana between them, Vicente still managed to affect enough of his opponent's body to leave it in its current state!
But 25% of a mid-level Mage's power was enough to hurt Vicente.
Feeling himself in a terrible situation, the plant once again moved its magical roots against its opponent, using everything it could.
"Not so fast, plant!" Vicente floated higher while the metal objects around him fell as they were no longer controlled.
Earth Dome!
He made a few hand seals and directed his mana into a spell, preparing to combine his spells with his abilities.
While being attacked by new roots, Vicente formed a sphere of soil around the plant, then controlled the electromagnetic field around it, 'blinding' it.
Electromagnetic Pulse!
He reached his maximum using another spell but protected himself in time from the enemy attacks, destroying some roots while escaping others.
Trapped inside Vicente's Earth Dome, the 'little' plant had no way to see beyond the dome. It couldn't tell where he was due to the electromagnetic properties of that sphere covering it!
Falling into Vicente's ingenious trap, the 3rd stage plant lost its first battle since becoming a Mage two years ago.
Seeing the situation of his opponent, who couldn't reach him easily anymore, Vicente took a recovery potion to keep his enemy captive while he didn't take possession of it.
'Time to...'
However, just as he was about to do something, a beast's cry reached him, making him move his eyes toward the creature he had heard weeks ago.
Gulp!



Chapter 276 Fighting the Basilisk (1)
"Basilisk!" Vicente immediately recognized the cry of the creature he had seen weeks ago when he was dealing with the problem of the Defiant Tyranny and his old enemies in Millfall.
'Damn, I had to find such a beast now?' Vicente looked in the direction of the creature about a minute away from him, aware this was the worst time to find the basilisk.
Not only had he just fought and consumed one of his only two recovery potions, but the basilisk was being hunted by human groups in the area and could bring Vicente enemies.
If anyone discovered the medicine he had just collected, even the commanders of the royal army hunting the basilisk would abandon their purpose to fight Vicente!
Not only that, even though the basilisk was a low-level Mage, weaker than the plant he had just defeated, that beast was stronger than the small plant in the earth sphere.
The basilisk was a flying beast with combat-oriented attributes, a powerful and fast body, and claws as sharp as some assassins' weapons.
It wasn't as intelligent as a goblin of the same level of it, let alone a human. But it was much smarter than such a plant. It would naturally be a more difficult opponent for Vicente, even if it were weaker than the opponent he had just defeated!
As such, Vicente was not happy when he saw that creature approaching him quickly.
'Damn it, I'll collect this herb and see what I can do.' After consuming his restorative potion, Vicente went to the side of the earth dome he had made.
He easily reached the plant and pulled it out of the purple crystal in the ground where it had grown in this area of The Rocky Gorge.
In Vicente's human hands, the plant used all of its remaining energy to hide its consciousness within itself, afraid that he would kill it if it showed any sign of action.
Hibernation was its only chance of survival now that it had fallen into the hands of an enemy.
In the blink of an eye, it transformed into a cocoon the size of a basketball, protecting itself with everything it had.
Vicente had expected this, and the moment he saw it complete its transformation, he stored it in his spatial ring, which could hold life in such a form.
Spatial rings held pockets of space that wouldn't hold a living being for long. But for storing plants in a state of deep hibernation, they worked well enough for someone like Vicente to do so without much thought.
Storing it in his spatial ring, Vicente took up a fighting position, ready to fight again.
He wasn't as fast as that creature less than 15 seconds away from him, so there was no point in trying to run away now.
He controlled his mana, and several metallic arrows appeared in his surroundings from the metallic items he always carried on his body.
Meanwhile, the field lines around his body formed a sphere, with lightning coming from the sharpest ends of his body, his hair rising into the air.
The basilisk flew with everything it had in Vicente's direction, seeing the one who had defeated the plant for it.
As Vicente had expected, the 3rd stage basilisk wasn't strong enough to defeat the herb now in his spatial ring, which was why it had grown so close to such an animal.
However, the basilisk was also in this area because of the herb, waiting for someone more powerful than it to deal with the plant so that it could defeat the one who did that and take what it wanted.
It had been watching that herb for several months, doing the same thing as the goblins, waiting for the plant and a third party to clash so that it could benefit from the combat's result.
Just when there were so many beings looking for it in this region, someone came along and collected that herb!
But even though it was observing the area, Vicente had acted very quickly, something that had not been in the basilisk's plans.
Seeing its opponent in possession of the herb it wanted to raise its level with, the basilisk was furious that it had been late and missed the best moment to attack.
However, seeing that its opponent was only an Acolyte, it wasn't afraid and wanted to end it all in one move!
The great basilisk simply ignored Vicente's arrows flying toward him, confident in its solid defenses.
Vicente's weapons soon collided with its body, many of them hitting its scales and changing direction without even scratching its body.
Others collided with points on the creature's body surface, causing it to stop mid-air, crumple, and fall to the ground.
"You're really strong!" Vicente ran across the ground, aware that the air was the creature's domain and he would have no advantage by floating.
On the contrary, his greatest advantage was to use the terrain and the trees in the area, which could limit the beast's movements to a certain extent.
However, Vicente didn't expect to gain much of an advantage from this. The basilisk was a flying beast and would fight him better in the air. But it could fight almost as well on land. The big difference on land was that Vice would have more chances on his side.
As Vicente moved to dodge the basilisk's quick attacks, it used its claws and teeth to try to hurt its enemy. Meanwhile, he moved using the branches of the plants, the stones, and the area's relief.
Using his parkour skills developed on Earth with his flexibility and speed in this world, Vicente successfully dodged the first enemy attacks.
 Then, while dodging the enemy, he touched the ground with both hands, causing earthen hands much larger than an ordinary human's to emerge from the ground and move toward the creature.
'Can you stand to be electrocuted?' He asked himself as he leaped into the air, moving the free electrons in the atmosphere and drawing a powerful bolt of lightning towards his target.
Ka-boom!
Suddenly, a white glow appeared in the air, and at the speed of light, the basilisk felt something hit its head, and at that moment, its entire body went numb.
The basilisk was more intelligent than the plant from before and more resilient. However, the difference in magic power between it and Vicente was less than the difference between Vicente and the 'little' plant from earlier!
When it was struck while being held by earthen hands, the basilisk opened its snake-like mouth and screamed in pain as it had rarely done before!



Chapter 277 Fighting the Basilisk (2)
When the basilisk was struck by the strongest lightning that Vicente could summon and was held down by earthen hands, the young Fuller moved the metals in the surrounding area to form a sword as large as his body.
Using his electromagnetic field, he moved the sword around, giving it an acceleration to increase the damage it would do when it hit that large body.
The faster the speed of a weapon at the moment of impact, the greater the damage to the target!
While concentrating on this, Vicente jumped onto the huge body of the basilisk and wrapped his arms around the creature's neck, focusing the magnetic attraction in his hands as he tried to reach the creature's head.
'You bastard! You'll pay for aiming at me!' He thought as he felt the body struggling, gradually breaking the huge hands holding it.
Even after being struck by that bolt of lightning, capable of frying even a level 5 Acolyte about to advance a stage, that beast still had enough strength to try to escape!
Vicente felt it on his skin as he tried to manipulate the metals inside his enemy's body, waiting for his sword to reach critical speed.
After looking back, the creature felt humiliated to have a human on its back.
It began to attack itself, trying to hit Vicente with its claws and tail.
"Aaaagh!"
Vicente felt a slap on his back as the first movement of this beast hit him behind his back.
"Fuck!"
Feeling his legs wounded by the claws that also wounded its own body, Vicente didn't want to wait any longer and jumped off the basilisk's back, aiming his sword at the spot where he was.
He wanted to decapitate the beast!
The moment it felt Vicente jump off its back, the basilisk finished destroying the two hands holding it and prepared to fly into the air.
However, just as it was about to do so, a speeding sword reached it and hit one of its legs.
Unfortunately for Vicente, the basilisk moved at the last moment, dodging a blow that would have surely injured it severely.
Still, the basilisk was struck, and its massive scales were sliced off as the giant sword pierced its body.
Vicente smiled as he manipulated the metals of the weapon to change shape inside his enemy's body!
'Gotcha!'
The organs of a powerful being would always have some correlation with the outside of their body in terms of defensive properties. But even then, the resistance of any internal organ would have to be inferior to that of the creature's skin!
With the metals under his control, Vicente entered the basilisk's body and attacked the creature's muscles from inside its own body.
The basilisk opened its mouth and let out a loud hiss, with a breath so strong coming out of its mouth that what was in front of it flew away, with even trees crumbling in the face of its power.
Vicente felt the beast's smelly breath, but the scream affected him the most. It was unbearable even for him.
He put his hands on his ears, unable to concentrate on the hit he had just done to the basilisk's body.
"Shit!" At this moment, neither of them could do anything to defeat the other, and both realized they were at a stalemate. If they continued to fight, determining the winner might take a long and violent battle.
However, despite their injuries and mutual animosity, they both realized that if they wanted to end the conflict, they would need to flee and momentarily accept a tie.
During their painful struggle, a group of royal troops from the kingdom had already detected them and were advancing in their direction!
If they kept fighting, they would face fresh adversaries in a moment, not enough time to decide the victor.
They exchanged glances and hurried away while the basilisk scampered faster, recognizing that those approaching longed to handle it the most.
But Vicente did not wait because even though he was not the group's main target, they would definitely see the herb remnants from earlier once they arrived at the location.
The small plant didn't emit strong enough signals to alert distant beings to its presence. But anyone who got too close to where it had been, any Mage or beast would realize what it was and that it had been there.
Fearing that he would have to face several enemies and deal with a third problem that day, Vicente set off without delay to the area where the goblins' second map led.
'If this map leads me to its nest, we'll settle this, beast.' He thought as he floated in the air, heading for the place the goblins had marked but already planning to stop and rest for a while on the way.
Vicente still had a potion in his spatial ring. But he didn't want to use it now and risk running out later.
 No matter how badly he was injured, his current situation could be treated and healed with a few hours of rest.
So, before the nearby group of soldiers reached that place, Vicente disappeared into the woods of this deep part of The Rocky Gorge.
...
Arriving at a place marked by Vicente's battle against the herb and then against the basilisk, both 3rd stage opponents, the Millfall Royal Army Post Commander found the situation in the surrounding area strange.
As soon as he arrived with his battalion, he realized that the basilisk had been there, as well as the herb. But who the third party had been, neither he nor anyone else in his group could imagine.
There weren't many people around who could deal with two 3rd stage creatures. Aside from the strongest soldiers in the army hunting the basilisks in the area, there shouldn't be anyone with the strength to challenge such a creature!
Noting the signs of battle and how evenly matched the confrontation seemed to be, Christopher Hogan narrowed his eyes as he looked at where a dented metal arrow lay in a crater over there.
Picking it up, he sensed that it belonged to whoever had harvested the herb and fought the basilisk.
'Who was it?' After asking himself this question, he stored the arrow in his ring, imagining it would lead him to the real name behind what had happened.
After a moment, he ordered. "Soldiers, start following the footsteps of those who were here before us. Now that the basilisk has shown itself, it will be easier for us to catch it up!"
"Yes, Commander!" Everyone there, including a beautiful blue-haired level 5 woman, said at the same time.