Chapter 51
“<i>Cough, <i>the student over there. Visit my workshop during recess.”
“????”
Professor Mortem invited Gainando over to his workshop while coughing, an invitation which was met with stunned silence.
Gainando reacted as if someone had slapped him.
<i>Why? What did I do wrong?? Does he have a grudge against the royal family???<i>
“And you as well.”
Professor Mortem pointed at Yi-han as he said so.
Yi-han wasn’t as shocked as Gainando.
After all, for the sake of earning a good grade, he had considered taking a course on black magic, to begin with.
Nevertheless, the students of the Blue Dragons took it differently.
“Gainando, what have you done!? Wardanaz is in danger because of you!”
“Why can’t you just quietly die by yourself!?”
“Tell the professor you’ll go alone!”
They thought Yi-han was being forcefully taken away because of his relationship with Gainando.
The students were obviously enraged.
Yi-han was in charge of a lot of things at the Blue Dragons. It was unacceptable for Gainando to drag him down with him.
“H-how could you guys…No! I refuse to go by myself! I’m going there with him!”
His classmates’ attitude almost made him cry.
“Take that back!”
“No!”
“Take that back, I tell you!”
“Everyone? Professor Mortem has already left.”
Professor Garcia stared at the Blue Dragons, feeling fed up.
***
A mage’s workshop was like a science lab.
If there was something that caught the mage’s interest, their disciples would be forced to work tirelessly 25 hours a day, performing countless experiments and research.
It was a hellish place where people got gradually worn down and crippled.
Of course, the environment inside the workshop depended greatly on who the mage was, but the fates of their disciples were all similarly tragic.
Yi-han had heard a lot of stories concerning the workshop of mages and their disciples during his time at the Wardanaz mansion.
– Once upon a time, there lived an apprentice that studied magic under a mage. Each morning, he would wake up early to perform maintenance on his staff and prepare alchemical regents that would be used in experiments.
Then, he would pour mana into the magic circles and head out in search of materials before noon. This apprentice was a clever fellow, and he would fix a quick lunch for himself along the way, saving him some time and allowing him to do his other tasks earlier on in the day. Afterwards…
– Does this story end with the apprentice killing the mage and taking over the workshop?
– Young Master, you shouldn’t make such jokes. The story obviously ends with the hard-working apprentice growing up and becoming a brilliant mage.
– …..
It didn’t matter which world he was in. There was no paradise for those that were in the position to learn.
Fortunately, Yi-han didn’t have to worry about things like that for now.
After all, he was still in his first year!
He wasn’t under any professor at the moment, so he had no need to fear.
If a crazy professor tried to recruit him, all he had to do was take a step back and flee.
<i>Sob, sob, sob…<i>
“…You’re actually crying?”
Yi-han was at a loss for words.
Gainando’s eyes were becoming red from his tears.
“What have I done to deserve this…? And why am I being called to this eerily remote location…”
“Hey, it might turn out to be something good, right?”
“And what do you mean by that, huh!? I’m sure he’s summoning us to torture us! After all, black mages are said to be twisted.”
They were currently heading to the place that Professor Mortem had told them about.
There was indeed something wrong with the location of the professor’s workshop.
‘I mean, it <i>is <i>rather unwelcoming.’
The road was becoming increasingly desolate and silent, and the wind was becoming stronger as well.
From the forest, they could hear the distant sound of ghosts wailing, and even a few graves could be spotted…
It wasn’t surprising though.
To perform black magic, yin attribute mana was a necessity, and when it came to research on undead, there was a need for corpses…
It was no wonder the environment here was so dark and gloomy.
‘No wonder none of the freshmen want to come near here…’
Before them was Professor Mortem’s workshop, also known as the .
It seemed like an ordinary four stories building from the outside, but one would have to be a fool to judge a mage’s tower by its looks.
There were already several disturbing signs near the tower.
Dismembered bones and skeletons. A lousily hewn gravestone. A box of deadly poison with the words “Beware of consumption!!! Death upon contact!!” written on it.
They could roughly guess the kind of experiments going on inside the workshop.
Noticing the changes in his surroundings, Gainando’s face became pale, so much so that he could probably give the undead a run for their money.
“Anyone there?”
<b><i>Giiiiiiik-<i><b>
When Yi-han knocked on the door, it opened by itself, and the two entered together.
Gainando held on to Yi-han’s sleeve, shuddering in fear.
Finding it annoying, Yi-han whacked Gainando’s hand away, hurting the latter’s feelings.
“<i>Cough, cough…<i>You’re here.”
The workshop was filled with blackish-blue smoke, and they couldn’t see what was going on inside.
Through the thick smoke, they heard the professor’s voice.
“Dilet, why don’t you give the freshmen a tour of our workshop?”
“Have you forgotten, sir? The principal forbade us from meeting with the freshmen.”
“Oh, right. <i>Cough.<i> What a hassle…Let’s secretly break the rules.”
“I was just recently released from prison. Do I have to go back in again?”
“It’s a punishment room, not a prison<i>…Cough<i>. Fine. Go to the other room and don’t come out.”
With a wave of his staff, Professor Mortem made all the smoke exit through the window.
It was only then that Yi-han could see what it was like inside.
It was actually pretty normal.
Perhaps they’ve cleaned up the place to welcome them prior to their arrival…
There were chairs, desks, and bookshelves, which made the workshop look like a library.
‘…Wait a sec. Are those all bones?’
Yi-han was blown away.
It had taken him a moment to notice, but all the furniture was made of bones.
For a black mage proficient in undead summoning, it was economical to make furniture out of bones.
Having said that, it was a bit grotesque.
Gainando, who didn’t realize this, plopped himself down on a chair.
Professor Mortem mustered up his kindest tone before speaking to them.
“<i>Cough<i>…You know why I called the two of you here, right?”
“Sir, I didn’t do anything wrong!”
“It’s because both of you have a knack for black magic…Wait, what did you say just now?”
“Nothing.”
Gainando shut his mouth in a hurry.
This wasn’t what he had been expecting.
‘I have a knack for black magic?’
“Yi-han, he said I have a knack for black magic.”
“I have ears too. No need to repeat what he said.”
“W-what should I do? I’m not interested in black magic, but I’m apparently gifted in it. What do you think I should do?”
“…..”
Yi-han was amused by how easily Gainando was influenced by others’ words.
How could he be so fickle?
Professor Mortem rubbed his hand, and out of nowhere, he produced several candies with a skull drawn on them.
“Have these while you listen. Because you two are talented in black magic, I wanted to explain the wonders of black magic to you in further detail. <i>Cough. Cough. <i>Black magic is often misunderstood, but once you get to know it, you’ll learn that it is one of the most beautiful and profound fields of magic out there.”
“…..”
Gainando was already halfway there to being convinced.
On the other hand, Yi-han listened while feeling sorry for the professor.
He knew what was happening all too well.
Professors who taught popular classes were often very arrogant and prideful.
-You wish to study under me? I’ll think about it. I’ll take you in if you’re promising.
However, the same couldn’t be said about professors that taught classes that weren’t popular with the students.
Watching them would make anyone feel sorry for them.
-You see… the best thing about our class is that it can’t get any worse.
-….
-Things can only get better from here. Isn’t it wonderful if you think of it like that?
-….
Professor Mortem was a classic example of someone that taught an unpopular class.
He was trying his best to sweet talk them, going so far as to give them candies…
“…And that’s why black magic is the king among all magic, the best of the best. Got it?”
“I’m interested in black magic now!!”
“I didn’t know black magic was so profound.”
Hearing their responses, a big smile appeared on the professor’s face.
***
“Should I pursue black magic? I never thought I’d be talented in it. But then again, black magic isn’t that well-liked. But the professor said they needed someone like me. Gosh, what should I do…”
Ignoring Gainando who droned on and on in excitement, Yi-han studied the gift that Professor Mortem had given them while parting.
Since they had given him a positive answer, the professor had gifted them something.
…It was an unknown piece of bone.
-Sir, what’s this?
-Once you return to your room, study it. It’ll serve as a constant reminder of the wonders of black magic.
-But sir, that wasn’t the question.
-Huhu. <i>Cough, cough.<i>
Professor Mortem had seemed very proud of himself, and he had spoken as if he couldn’t bear to take away the fun of discovering the bone’s secrets from them.
Yi-han, however, was creeped out by the gift.
What in the world was this bone supposed to be?
‘Is there a spell stored inside it?’
His first guess was that the bone was an artifact that contained knowledge of a spell.
Back in the punishment room, he had been tricked by the book that the principal had handed to him.
Maybe it was popular amongst the professors to gift students with artifacts that contained spells without offering any type of explanation.
Almost like a gift that couples exchanged on their anniversaries…
‘No, that’s a terrible comparison.’
Yi-han decided to study it more in-depth after returning to his room.
“Yi-han. Yi-han.”
“?”
“You mustn’t tell Maykin about me wanting to learn black magic, alright?”
Yi-han knew why Gainando was saying this.
He had teased Yonaire for wanting to study alchemy.
If she knew he was interested in black magic, he’d be teased to no end.
Yi-han smiled as he replied.
“But of course.”
‘…Not. I’m telling her right away.’
***
Professor Ingurdel, the elven swordsman, was the professor responsible for teaching and .
The students that took these courses were mostly from the White Tigers.
Hence, Yi-han, who was the only one from the Blue Dragons, was extremely eye-catching.
However, things were slightly different this time around.
During the previous swordsmanship lesson, the White Tigers were eager to pick a fight with him, but now, they actively avoided making eye contact with him.
They’d be obliterated otherwise!
‘How convenient.’
Yi-han had gone on a rampage last time, and he was glad that he did.
It was generally a good idea to go on a rampage from time to time. Life was easier that way.
That said, it didn’t help to lower the difficulty of the class.
“Don’t stop! Continue running! I said no stopping! It’s important to use your muscles, but don’t forget to breathe and circulate your mana. You can use your muscles much more efficiently by spreading mana throughout your body.”
Whereas mages used their mana on their spells, swordsmen used theirs on themselves.
By having mana circulate smoothly within their bodies, they could prevent fatigue and reduce the possibility of being poisoned by an outside source.
…But it went without saying that the young students weren’t capable of doing this yet.
They all ran while panting like dogs, completely forgetting to circulate their mana.
“Sir, I have a question.”
“Speak.”
Professor Ingurdel was more than happy to answer Yi-han’s question.
What was he going to ask?
“Some of us are planning on entering the mountains to gather some materials, and I was wondering if you have any advice for us…”
“Hmm, my advice is to don’t enter.”
“….”
“And I’m not saying this half-heartedly.”
Professor Ingurdel’s warning made Yi-han uneasy.



Chapter 52
“Is it that dangerous?”
“A lot of powerful monsters dwell in this mountain range. Deep within, there are even some monsters that we professors aren’t aware of. Since it’s springtime, more and more monsters will wake up from their slumber as time passes…”
Professor Ingurdel stared warily at the mountain range.
As Einroguard was a magic academy, the mana in the surrounding area was dense, attracting a lot of different monsters.
In particular, the mountain range behind the academy housed pretty much all kinds of monsters. It was a danger zone in Ingurdel’s opinion.
He wouldn’t be surprised if there were large monsters such as ogres, mountain giants, trolls, and wyverns deep inside the mountains…
If that was indeed the case, monsters that usually lived in the inner regions would be pushed out to the outer regions.
“As hotblooded as you students are, it isn’t a wise decision to enter the mountains. In fact, I’d even call it lunacy.”
“It’s not like we’ve got a choice. One of our assignments is to gather materials from the mountains.”
“…..”
Professor Ingurdel let out several dry coughs, feeling awkward.
He didn’t know that it was a task that one of his colleagues had assigned.
“Is that so? Then it’s a different story.”
“Is it? How exactly is it any different…”
Although Ingurdel was a professor in this academy, he was a swordsman, not a mage. Hence, his way of thinking was remarkably different from that of the other professors.
The idea that it was normal for people to die while learning magic absolutely blew his mind.
Having said that, just because he didn’t agree with the other professors’ ideology, it didn’t
mean he could slander them in front of the students.
Professor Ingurdel spoke in a roundabout way, hiding away his real thoughts.
“Since it’s an assignment from your professor, I’m sure you’ll be fine. There must be a bigger picture that you can’t see yet in acquiring materials from the mountain range.”
“You think so?”
Yi-han looked at Professor Ingurdel with eyes that were filled with suspicion.
Just a moment ago, he had called it an act of lunacy, and yet he immediately changed his tune once other professors were brought up…
It felt as if the professor was trying to cover for his colleagues.
After a fit of dry coughs, Ingurdel changed the topic.
“That said, it seems you’re not out of breath anymore. Excellent. Were you able to circulate your mana throughout your body?”
Yi-han had been panting a moment ago, yet he seemed comfortable now. This wouldn’t have been possible without mana circulation.
Professor Ingurdel was glad to see his student improve.
“Oh, this? Um…”
Yi-han smiled sheepishly as he replied.
“I lost focus just now and ended up discharging the mana.”
Step 1: Gather mana from your core.
Step 2: Focus on circulating that mana throughout your body.
This was the golden standard.
By having mana circulate like blood, they could achieve maximum efficiency in body strengthening.
The key here was to have it circulate smoothly!
…Yi-han, however, found it too exhausting to focus and opted to release the mana after having it reach various parts of his body.
He had mana to spare anyway.
“….???”
Professor Ingurdel stared blankly at Wardanaz, having no idea what the boy was saying.
***
“Hmm…”
After asking Yi-han for more details, Professor Ingurdel fell into deep thoughts.
He’d heard about the fight with the anti-magic extremists, and normally, he would’ve talked the student out of doing something so risky.
Yi-han’s method of wasting mana in his fights was no different from cutting one’s wrist and bleeding out.
Nevertheless, Professor Ingurdel wasn’t strong-headed and understood that every swordsman had his own way of fighting.
Since Wardanaz had been blessed(?) with a massive mana reserve, this could be considered a valid method as well.
After much consideration, Professor Ingurdel finally made up his mind.
“I won’t ban you from using that method. However, try not to rely on it in your everyday life. Instead, get used to circulating your mana.”
“Understood.”
Yi-han nodded.
‘Kuku…strength is what defines a swordsman’s worth…even if it shaves off my life, if I can become strong in return…’
He wasn’t someone that pursued glory, so he most definitely wasn’t the type to have such crazy thoughts.
If something was dangerous, he’d simply stop doing it.
“Right, I almost forgot to tell you. The more mana you have, the more difficult you’ll face circulating your mana.”
“…..”
What was this feeling of déjà vu?
“Hence, we’ll be increasing the intensity of your training.”
“…Y-yay…”
Yi-han maintained his usual expression relying on his unbreakable will.
He had to pretend like he was happy!
‘Don’t let it show. Don’t let it show…’
Professor Ingurdel, who was one of the only kind professors in this academy, was ecstatic.
“You don’t mind? Great! I was worried that you wouldn’t be happy about it.”
“No, I don’t…these are simply tears of joy…as you already know, swordsmanship means a lot to me…”
Professor Ingurdel’s scarred face was beaming with joy.
“Of course, Wardanaz. I’ve always known how devoted you are to swordsmanship.”
“…..”
“Right. I’ll follow along on your trip into the mountain range.”
“…Sir, didn’t you say it’ll be fine? Something about Professor Uregor having a bigger picture in mind and whatnot.”
“But of course. I simply enjoy going on walks in the mountain.”
With a prosthetic arm and leg, it was questionable whether Professor Ingurdel truly enjoyed going up steep mountains, but Yi-han chose to remain silent.
The professor’s behavior made him worried about the potential horrors awaiting them.
***
Yi-han visited Professor Uregor’s hut in the evening.
A lot had happened that day, but that didn’t mean he could skip out on the professor’s chores.
Professor Uregor wasn’t forcing him to visit every day, and he had even told Yi-han that he didn’t have to come if he was busy.
But there was a purpose for today’s visit.
‘I should get as much information as I could from him.’
“?”
“Woah…”
Yi-han was initially surprised by what was written on the paper, but it made sense. Professor Uregor was a busy man, and he wasn’t going to be stuck in his hut 24-7 like a patient. He had students to teach and things he had to tend to as a professor.
After a nod, Yi-han took the piece of paper and returned to the dorm to fetch Yonaire.
“You want me to search for items inside the hut that might come in handy?”
“Yup. I want to figure out what the potions I have in possession are for.”
The box of potions that the professional thief Ratford had stolen from one of the carriages.
He wished to know their effects, but as a first-year student, his means were limited, which was why he was planning on plundering the professor’s hut for items that might prove useful in his cause.
Since Yonaire was knowledgeable in alchemy, he needed her help.
“Wait, isn’t this Professor Uregor’s hut?”
They had a barbecue party here before, so she was aware of who the hut belonged to.
‘Oh well.’
But she didn’t pay it any mind.
This was Einroguard after all. This much was nothing.
“By the way, what’s that?”
“Huh? Oh, the farm?”
Yonaire, who was walking ahead of Yi-han, sounded surprised.
“I’ve been tending to it recently, but it’s going to take a few months for the crops to grow,” he explained calmly.
“…You sure? They seem fully grown though?”
“?”
This time, it was Yi-han’s turn to be surprised. He walked up to the farm in a hurry to take a look.
“…!!”
Yonaire was right.
‘The heck?’
The vegetables that he had planted previously had fully grown, which came as a great shock to him.
That was way too quick, no matter how he thought about it.
“Did the professor sprinkle something on them? How impatient of him.”
Yonaire nodded in agreement to Yi-han’s explanation.
To think he’d use a potion to hasten their growth.
‘He must be really fond of food,’ she thought to herself.
And that was how Uregor, who wasn’t even present at the scene, ended up being known as a glutton.
“Nothing we can do about it. I’ll harvest the vegetables. Yonaire, can you take care of what’s inside the hut?”
“Leave it to me.”
Yi-han took out some farming equipment and began harvesting with expert-like movements.
The way he flawlessly dug out the potatoes left Yonaire mesmerized.
It was as if Yi-han had spent decades on the farm, perfecting his craft.
She could see why Professor Uregor liked him so much.
“Is something wrong?”
“N-nothing. I’ll search for some useful items.”
While the vegetables slowly piled up, Yonaire got to work inside the hut.
After a while, Yi-han had a basket of freshly harvested goods in his hands whereas Yonaire had a box of reagents and alchemical tools in hers.
“All done?”
“Yup!”
“Let’s go!”
The two students of the Blue Dragons left the hut in high spirits.
On the door, there was a new piece of paper that Yi-han had pasted.
***
There were dark circles beneath Yi-han and Yonaire’s eyes the next morning.
They had forgone sleep in order to run alchemical tests in the resting lounge.
“So this is a Cantus Potion?”
“Yeah.”
These were the results of their hard work:
– Tastes delicious
– Can sing beautifully like a mermaid once drunk.
That was all.
“…..”
Yonaire seemed depressed, and Yi-han had to soothe her.
“I mean hey, we got something out of it. We can figure out the rest in the future.”
“But what’s the point of having a singing potion…”
“I’m sure it has its use.”
<b><i>Creak-<i><b>
That was when Asan Dargard entered the resting lounge and greeted them.
“Wardanaz, you ready to enter the mountain range today?”
“Somewhat.”
Yi-han had a plan in mind, and that was to leave with the others on Friday and return by Saturday at the latest. After that…
‘I’ll use my exit ticket on Sunday.’
Yi-han tried to remain calm.
There was no telling what kind of traps laid ahead. He had to be cautious and not get his hopes up too much before he was truly outside.
“Wardanaz, wanna visit the black market before we head into the mountains?”
“…The what market?”
Yi-han was puzzled by what Asan had just said.
The black market?
‘There’s a black market inside the academy?’
He had a hard time believing Asan’s words…but they turned out to be true.
‘What in the world…’
It wasn’t really a black market per se, but a small marketplace run by the students of the Black Tortoise near their tower.
It was originally a place for students to barter and exchange items, but it eventually grew to be a marketplace as students learned of its convenience.
Yi-han was speechless.
‘What is this academy trying to teach its students?’
“A bread for more bread! Find the card with His Majesty the Emperor! It’s a one-in-three chance! If you get it right, you receive double…Oh, Sir Wardanaz.”
With three cards on the table, Ratford was hosting a shell game when he stood up after spotting Yi-han amidst the other students.
Everyone’s attention immediately turned to Yi-han, making him want to leave the marketplace there and then.



Chapter 53
“What are you doing?”
“Collecting bread, sir.”
“Uh, bread…?”
“Yes, they’re used as currency here. Five pieces of bread can get you a quill, and ten can get you a matchbox’s worth of sugar cubes.”
“…..”
Students of the Blue Dragons were able to live rather comfortably thanks to Yi-han, but the others didn’t have the same luxury.
They were doing everything they can to survive, collecting the hard bread that was served during every meal.
After all, they were considered money here, money that could be used to buy all sorts of goods!
“Woah…can we take a look?”
“Please feel free to do so.”
Yonaire studied the goods displayed in the black market with great interest, probably with the intention of buying anything that caught her eye.
Yi-han, who was curious, took a gander at the goods as well and was pleasantly surprised.
‘Some of them seem actually useful.’
Initially, he didn’t harbor much hope for the Black Tortoise, but against his expectations, they had managed to gather all kinds of things.
Granted, they didn’t have much food, and aside from the canned goods that they got from the priests, the rest were analogues.
Cheese analogues, milk analogues, egg analogues, meat analogues, fish analogues, coffee analogues, tea analogues, and so on.
‘Isn’t it harder to make all these than to acquire them?’ Yi-han wondered.
However, other than the food, there were quite a few items that had practical use.
Backpacks, quills, blankets, lanterns, fishing rods, shovels and pickaxes, makeshift tents and sleeping bags, ropes and chalks, bows and arrows…
What took him by surprise was…
‘Why are there so many artifacts lying around?’
Ordinary-looking cloaks, leather belts, and accessories made of stones.
Though they appeared to be common junk, Yi-han could sense mana being emitted from them.
He was certain that they were artifacts.
‘I didn’t think it’d be <i>this <i>easy to find artifacts, even if we’re in a magic academy.’
Outside, even a single artifact would be considered priceless. Not only were they expensive, but the supply also couldn’t meet the demand, which was why countless adventurers and mercenaries could only dream of owning one.
It was to the point where someone with an artifact would be considered a veteran adventurer.
Artifacts with could help them navigate through dark dungeons, allowing them to serve as scouts, and artifacts with healing magic could be used to save lives in times of emergency.
However, the situation was a bit different inside the academy.
It was a place where people that knew how to craft artifacts and people who wished to learn how to craft artifacts gathered.
Although the ones made by amateurs lacked in terms of quality, they made up for it through overwhelming quantity.
What was impressive was that a bunch of freshmen had managed to scavenge them.
Yi-han was in awe of the Black Tortoise’s practical mindset.
‘I might have been better off being a member of the Black Tortoise.’
If he had been placed there, he would’ve gone around the academy with the others and mugged the place clean.
“Are you planning on buying something, sir? I’ve checked, and none of them seem particularly useful.”
Ratford whispered words of advice next to Yi-han.
The Black Tortoise student who had his business interrupted glared at Ratford.
‘Don’t get in the way of my business…!’
Ratford, however, didn’t care in the slightest.
“The cloak over there can protect its user from blades, but it’s been shown to work only half the time.”
“Blocking one out of two hits doesn’t sound bad though?”
“I see…Sir Wardanaz is wise. Instead of saying the cup is half empty, he’s the type to say that it’s half full.”
“Ratford, saying whatever comes to your mind doesn’t constitute a praise.”
There was a reason why Ratford didn’t think any of the artifacts were worth buying.
It was difficult to determine their effect, and the mana within them was gradually becoming thinner. In other words, the magic that had been cast on them wouldn’t last forever.
As unreliable as it was, the protective cloak mentioned just now was on the more practical end of the spectrum.
The problem was…
“Can I purchase things on credit?”
“Mr. Wardanaz, even if you were to threaten us with a knife, we won’t accept credit.”
‘What’s up with the honorifics…’
Yi-han was getting tired of this. He was fine with them speaking comfortably!
That said, the Black Tortoise was adamant about not accepting credits.
Students from the other towers had tried the same thing before and had failed.
Someone like Yi-han would have no qualms knocking on the doors of influential nobles, demanding that they pay up.
It would be reckless of the Black Tortoise to do the same, which was why purchasing on credit was a no-go.
Yi-han nodded after hearing the explanation. It made a lot of sense.
“Nothing we can do about it, I guess. Hmm…I heard we’re allowed to barter here. I wonder if the things I brought will be enough.”
He had brought with him a basket of goods after learning about the black market, but he was beginning to lose his confidence.
Should he return to his dorm and bring some canned food?
‘I want those artifacts before someone else takes them.’
“What did you bring, sir?”
“Oh, just some vegetables and fruits that were recently harvested, along with some eggs.”
“!”
“!!”
An uproar ensued as countless students of the Black Tortoise rose from their seats.
***
The Black Tortoise went nuts over the fruits, vegetables, and eggs.
Not to mention the student selling artifacts, others also rushed up to Yi-han, begging to trade.
“There’s a chance this shovel and pickaxe were made by a dwarven smith! You might find a use for them later—”
“I’m willing to trade coffee and tea analogs for just one egg!”
“A staff for an onion!”
While the others lined up to trade, the student that had sold his protective cloak for two potatoes started a fire and mocked his friends.
“Idiots. You guys should’ve brought something of value. You think he’d be willing to trade for some trash?”
“Shut up! You just happened to pick up that cloak by accident!”
“Hey, how much bread for a bite of potato?”
“Keep them. I’m not selling.”
“I heard potatoes don’t taste that good nowadays. You might be better off with this bread.”
Ignoring all the distractions, the student kept baking his potatoes.
Once they were adequately baked, he peeled them, revealing their flesh which looked absolutely delectable.
After blowing on one, the student took a big bite.
“…!!”
The potato melted like cheese inside his mouth, putting him in a daze.
Yi-han, who had been watching, was flabbergasted.
‘Just how starved are they?’
Salt and butter hadn’t been used in the baking process, so there was no way it tasted as good as the student made it out to be.
“…Gather around. I’ll cook something for you guys. Yonaire, can you help me?”
She nodded, and the two exchanged glances.
‘Just this once, we won’t ask for money.’
‘Agreed.’
As stingy as he was, Yi-han didn’t wish to ask for money from people so desperate.
And there was also another reason.
‘By feeding them before entering the mountains, I can have the Black Tortoise owe me a favor.’
He was enemies with the White Tigers, and there was no going back from that, but he still had a chance when it came to becoming friends with the Black Tortoise.
Yi-han chopped up the vegetables that he harvested and sprinkled some salt and pepper, something which shocked the Black Tortoise.
However, it was too early for them to be surprised.
He added oil and deep-fried the vegetables.
An irresistible aroma spread to surrounding areas, prompting the students to gather around the pot like lifeless zombies.
Yi-han then popped open a can of tomatoes, scooped up its content, put it into the pot, and fried it together with the vegetables.
Despite having made it in a rush, the thick tomato vegetable stew looked mouthwatering.
Once he was done, Yi-han handed out a bowl of stew to each student.
Everything around him became silent as the students got to work with their spoons.
Once they were done, they expressed endless gratitude and appreciation.
So this is what a proper meal tastes like!
I’ve finally recalled what it’s like to live!
“Now, a round of applause for Sir Wardanaz—”
“Don’t. Please.”
Yi-han shoved a potato into Ratford’s mouth, stopping him from ruining the mood.
***
Although Yi-han tried to turn them down, the Black Tortoise wished to repay him.
As a result, he ended up returning with full pockets and two backpacks on his back. A lantern, a fishing rod, a shovel, and a pickaxe hung on his sides.
“T…that’s so cool.”
For some reason, Yonaire seemed mesmerized by the unique fashion, and Ratford soon followed suit.
“Sir looks like a top-tier adventurer.”
Ratford aside, he couldn’t tell whether Yonaire was teasing him or being serious.
After letting out a deep sigh, Yi-han put down one of the backpacks. In it was a set of chess, a set of cards, and a set of dice, among many others.
He had successfully earned the favor and trust of the Black Tortoise.
Furthermore, he had acquired quite a few useful artifacts other than the protective cloak.
A pair of lower-tier covert boots that mysteriously lowered the sound of his footsteps, a chalk that created a smoke screen when thrown, a detection bracelet that turned red if someone was watching…
‘Hmm, our seniors must’ve made these, but for what reason?’
Yi-han began to question the intent of the seniors who took the artifact crafting class.
‘Were these all made to sneak away from the professors…?’
<b><i>Rattle, rattle—<i><b>
“?”
As he was browsing through the artifacts in his backpack, he heard something rattle.
And much to his horror, a skeletal hand came climbing out of the backpack.
“..!?”
For a split second, he thought someone from the Black Tortoise had repaid kindness with hatred.
But it didn’t take long for him to realize that no one could lay such a sophisticated trap using magic yet.
<b><i>Rattle!<i><b>
The skeletal hand came flying towards him, and it combined with the mysterious bone that he had received from Professor Mortem which he had kept with him.
Now, the bone had both a hand and a forearm.
The bone proceeded to float in the air, like a puppy waiting to be fed.
“…Nonono.”
Ignoring his protest, the bone approached Yi-han, pricked him in one of his fingers, and took a droplet of blood from him.
Soon after, he felt a connection form between him and the incomplete bone summon.
“Sit.” “Stand.” “Turn around.” “Fetch.”
“….”
“….”
Yonaire and Ratford stared at Yi-han, feeling complex emotions.
Their friend had suddenly summoned a piece of bone and was giving orders, as a black mage would.
‘What a strange gift. But then again, I’d be more worried if a professor gave me something normal.’
“I think it’s better if you throw it away”
<b><i>Padadak!<i><b>
Terrified by Yonaire’s suggestion, the bone stuck close to Yi-han.
This behavior made them feel sorry for the poor piece of bone.
“…I-I take back what I said. I take it back, alright…?”
In the end, Yonaire had to retract her statement.



Chapter 54
“So what you’re saying is that this bone is a gift from Professor Mortem?”
“Sir Wardanaz, I’m not too familiar with magic, but among thieves, there’s a saying that warns us against getting close to a black mage.”
“….”
His two friends pointed out the cold truth.
The skeletal summon was indeed a bit eerie as a gift.
Why would the professor give him something like this…
Even Yi-han couldn’t defend him this time.
“I’m sure it has its use.”
“With all due respect, sir, it might. However, it’s still uncanny to look at.”
Though Ratford was loyal to his superiors, he wasn’t too sure about this either.
Yonaire, who caught on to Yi-han’s ambivalent feeling towards the skeletal summon, rushed to think of some advantages that the summon might have over other creatures.
“Having said that, you won’t have to feed it anything, and it seems loyal to you as well. It can help you in various things…”
“Like what?”
Yonaire chose not to answer Ratford’s question.
“…and I guess it looks quite cute?”
“Thanks, Yonaire. But listening to you two has cleared up my mind. This <i>is <i>weird.”
Yi-han had tried to think of ways in which he could make use of this gift but to no avail.
He could no longer shield the professor’s actions. This wasabsolutely a weird gift.
“Why would he give me a skeletal summon?”
“Dunno…more importantly, why would he give you a <i>partial <i>summon?”
“Maybe he wants Sir Wardanaz to look for the other parts that are scattered throughout the academy?”
Yonaire laughed at Ratford’s suggestion, not believing it in the slightest.
“As if something like that… Wait, you can’t be serious, right?”
“…..”
Yi-han didn’t find this funny at all, finding Ratford’s explanation rather plausible.
‘Maybe that really was his goal.’
Otherwise, a random piece of hand bone that he received from a student of the Black Tortoise wouldn’t stick so perfectly to the bone that he got from the professor.
Someone with common sense would ask “Who in their right mind would enjoy collecting bones?”
But as the academy had shown time and time again, there was no such thing as a professor with common sense.
Professor Mortem probably thought they would have a blast going out on treasure hunts.
‘Just thinking about it is giving me the creeps.’
Yi-han shuddered.
More so than the summon itself, he was terrified by the professor’s twisted view of the world.
As a normal person, he couldn’t keep up with what the professor was thinking!
“Wardanaz! How was your visit to the black market? …Wait, what’s up with that bone!?”
Asan, who joined them a while later, was bewildered when he saw the summon moving around Yi-han.
<i>What the heck is going on?<i>
***
Quite a few students had gathered before Professor Ingurdel.
In fact, there were students from all four towers as everyone that took the alchemy class had to gather materials for the assignment.
This was a chance for them to enter the mountain range with a professor. If they missed it, it would be difficult for them to gather the materials that they needed.
Professor Ingurdel slowly opened his mouth when everyone had gathered.
“Prioritize safety first and foremost. Nothing is as important as your life. I want members of each tower to gather around and confirm who’s here. Once you’ve entered the mountains, perform regular checks and report if anyone goes missing.”
“……”
“……”
Professor Ingurdel had a knack for instilling fear in the students. Some students had already become pale from the nervousness.
‘Better nervous than dead.’
If they entered the mountains thinking it was a picnic, they might be met with tragedy. It was better to keep them on their toes.
Those from the Blue Dragons all knew each other.
This included Yi-han, Yonaire, Asan, and the princess.
“Hey, Wardanaz. I heard the dish you made for the Black Tortoise was out of this world,” said Asan.
“You’re exaggerating. It was just regular stew.”
Yi-han thought the Black Tortoise was embellishing the story.
Anything would taste amazing when consumed in a state of hunger.
The stew that he made for them was nothing out of the ordinary. He had made it on the spot by throwing in some vegetables, oil, salt, pepper, and tomato sauce.
“No, it actually tasted great.”
“She’s right, sir.”
“?”
Yi-han was puzzled.
Ratford aside, he didn’t expect Yonaire to react this way too.
“But it didn’t even have any meat inside. Aren’t the dishes that I serve at the dorm better?”
“No. Maybe it’s because we ate it together outside. The stew tasted way better.”
‘Is there something different about the ingredients?’
The vegetables that they harvested and put in the stew. He could think of no other explanation.
The vegetables in Professor Uregor’s garden had grown at an unusual rate. Yi-han reckoned the professor must’ve poured some special potion to make them grow and taste better.
‘Wait, could he have used an elixir? Maybe I shouldn’t have harvested them without asking.’
For a split second, Yi-han seemed to regret his decision.
However, when it came down to it, the professor never mentioned staying out of the garden, and to begin with, that was <i>his <i>part of the garden.
‘Yup, not my fault.’
If he had known that the stew was so delicious, he would’ve reserved a bowl for himself.
‘I wonder how it tasted…’
“Wait, aren’t you from the White Tigers?”
Asan was addressing an elf with long black hair.
She was the student Yi-han had talked to previously, and what was worth mentioning was that she had sworn her allegiance to the princess despite being from the White Tigers.
“I’ve already sought permission from my dormmates. I’ll be accompanying Her Highness.”
There were a couple of other students that didn’t belong to the Blue Dragons hovering near the princess.
Their loyalty to Adenart was quite impressive.
In comparison….
Yi-han looked around himself.
That was when a student from the Black Tortoise carefully brought up a suggestion.
“I heard you have a beef with the White Tigers, Mr Wardanaz. Shall we gather some men to harass them?”
“……”
‘Is that how you guys see me?’
***
“This place will do. Now students, go gather the materials that you need.”
After trudging through the mountains for several hours, Professor Ingurdel told the group to stop when they came across a flower field.
The students split into small groups and moved in an orderly manner as the elven professor watched on with warm eyes.
The students had realized by now that teamwork was essential if they were to survive in the academy.
‘I’m happy to see that you’re all doing well.’
Each tower had a student or two acting as its leader.
Though the manner in which they led others differed from person to person, there was no doubt that they played a central role in keeping the groups together.
Wardanaz was one such leader, and through his charisma which befitted the progeny of a prestigious household, he was exerting his influence over his tower’s students as well others.
Fortunately, he had a good character despite his cold appearance. If that wasn’t the case, the Blue Dragons would’ve been much rowdier than they were now.
‘Leaders are always born within the tower one way or another, but he’s a cut above the rest.’
The stories that he had heard from the other students had shaped the professor’s impression of Yi-han.
He was glad to know that Yi-han wasn’t the type of person to flaunt his authority over others simply because he came from a lineage of mages.
<b><i>Chirp, chirp, chirp.<i><b>
“?”
The professor looked up from where he was seated when he heard birds chirping from above.
<b><i>Paat!!<i><b>
And just like that, he vanished.
***
“W-Wardanaz.”
Yi-han was made aware that something was wrong as he was putting turkey tail mushrooms and dwarven hammer mushrooms into his basket.
Several Black Tortoise students had approached him with terror-stricken looks.
“Is there a problem?”
“The professor…he…he vanished!!”
“?!”
Yi-han was dumbfounded to hear this.
Immediately, several possibilities flashed past his mind.
Did the professor leave after giving them a false sense of security to teach them some sort of a lesson?
‘No. I trust Professor Ingurdel… statistically, it isn’t wise to trust a professor, but if it’s him…’
Yi-han shook his head.
Did enemies like the anti-magic extremists infiltrate the academy and kidnap the professor?
‘That’s even less likely to be the case. After what happened last time, security must have gone up a notch. If people <i>did <i>manage to get in, the lich should resign from his position.’
In that case…
‘Did he get done in by a monster? But the professor’s a sword master that can go head-to-head against Arlong. Can a monster defeat him without causing any commotion? And would such a powerful monster exist in the outskirts of the mountains?’
Truth be told, it wouldn’t be strange for any monster to appear near the academy, but Yi-han trusted the professor’s skill. He wouldn’t go down that easily.
“What should we do? What should we do?”
“Calm down, everyone. The professor might’ve left to fetch something.”
This was highly unlikely, but Yi-han said it to calm the students.
‘We aren’t dealing with a monster, and we aren’t lost either. There’s no need to panic. All we have to do is return from where we came.’
Although they were in the mountains, there were still paths here and there, probably made by the upperclassmen that came before them.
They had climbed a long way, but they could go back by following one of the paths…
<b><i>Shuaaaaaaaaaaaa—<i><b>
“…….”
“……..”
Rain suddenly came pouring down, and Yi-han was beginning to think that this was all part of an elaborate scheme.
***
Yi-han and several other students hid under a cliff to avoid the rain.
Nilia wiped herself while looking upset.
“Finding a path back to the academy would be impossible as things stand. We might get lost along the way and possibly suffer from hypothermia. We might also encounter monsters, which would be a nightmare to fight in the rain.”
The students were in despair when they heard what she said. However, Nilia was quick to console them.
“Don’t worry. We’ve found ourselves a nice hiding spot. We just have to wait for the rain to stop. Then—”
“I say we look for a path back even if it’s dangerous. It’ll be harder to return if it rains harder later.”
“No, as I said—”
“I don’t see the students from the White Tigers and Immortal Phoenix. How are we going to find them in the rain?”
“Listen—”
“We should seek help from the professor! Let’s think of ways to contact him.”
Nilia gave up and sulked.
Yi-han waved her over. She scurried over to his side and began collecting branches.
Meanwhile, the students argued over what they should do in this situation.
Some suggested finding a way back, while others advised joining up with the rest, and a few proposed searching for the professor.
Yi-han left them alone as he lit a fire. His skeletal summon scampered here and there, collecting branches to use as firewood.
“I keep telling you that we should look for a way back!!”
“No, we should regroup with the others! Strength in numbers!”
“But what about the professor!?”
The debate had reached a climax, and with no one willing to back down, the students sought a judge.
“Wardanaz!”
“What do you say, Wardanaz?”
“Huh?”
Yi-han, who had been peacefully lighting the fire, was dragged into the argument.
“Shouldn’t we wait until the rain stops?”
“…Y-you make a valid point.”
“Right. We should probably wait.”
“……”
Nilia glared at her friends.
‘That’s what I’ve been saying this whole time…!’



Chapter 55
Still, it was a good thing that there was no one shouting ‘We have to find a path’ or ‘We should head out’ anymore.
Yi-han’s words held that much weight.
For the umpteenth time, Nilia realized what an amazing friend she had.
With but a sentence, he had managed to silence all the students that had been clamoring until now.
‘Is this the charisma of a Wardanaz, one of the most prestigious aristocratic households in the Empire?’
“It’s raining, and you must all be cold. Come, I’ll make something warm.”
Everyone’s expression brightened up as they gathered around Yi-han.
Nilia, who was watching from the sidelines, had a sense of deja’vu.
‘M…mom? Am I seeing things?’
The charisma that he had shown earlier was nowhere to be seen, replaced by an air of familiarity that left Nilia in a dazed state.
***
Yi-han had stuffed his bag full of food and tools for this expedition. If Gainando had seen the things that Yi-han had brought with him, he would’ve freaked out, asking what they were all for.
Yi-han had made ample preparations, not because he was meticulous, but because he had no trust in the academy.
He was thinking ahead, making sure that he would survive even if he got stranded in the mountain range for a month.
As a result, he would still be left with some ingredients even if he served food to all the students present.
“<i>Gush Forth.<i>”
Thanks to the hellish training he went through until Professor Bolady, he was able to use water magic without an ounce of resistance.
He was familiar enough with the magic that he didn’t have to wave his staff all the way through, shortening the time it took to cast the magic.
‘I see, the more we’re familiar with the spell, the less we have to move or chant.’
He had known this since his time at the Wardanaz mansion, but it was a different feeling to experience it first-hand.
Magic was a means for mages to change the world around them.
However, even the most talented mage would have some doubts about a spell that they’ve never heard about.
Would it work? Am I doing something wrong? What if I make a mistake?
Precise movements and chants helped clear these doubts, empowering mages.
When it came to spells that they were familiar with, those weren’t as necessary, and they were free to simplify the chants and movements if they wished.
‘…Still, that method of training…is getting hit really necessary?’
<b><i>Boil, boil—<i><b>
As the pot began to boil, Yi-han brought out some cups and brewed coffee for the students that had been shivering after being drenched in the cold spring rain.
Needless to say, they were ecstatic.
<b><i>Ttak—<i><b>
Yi-han then proceeded to take out a small rectangular frying pan, cracking open an egg as he did so.
Nilia was amused by this sight.
“Where did you get all these?”
“I bought them from the students of the Black Tortoise.”
“?!”
‘Right, they did say something crazy happened at the black market…so Wardanaz was behind all that!?’
After the scrambled eggs were done, Yi-han distributed them to the students.
Accompanied by the regular sound of rain, the students enjoyed a warm cup of coffee and a serving of scrambled eggs.
Feeling warm and well-fed, the students became more laid back.
“Hey, this ain’t half bad.”
“Yeah, I haven’t had such a nice time since entering the academy.”
‘Is this the so-called Stockholm syndrome?’
Yi-han was puzzled by the sudden shift in the students’ attitude.
He had not put any weird substances inside the coffee or the eggs. Why were they saying all this nonsense?
As he was wondering what was happening, Rowena, the elven knight from the White Tigers, approached him.
“Her Highness wishes to thank you.”
“Cool.”
Nilia, who heard this exchange, muttered under her breath.
“She could’ve just thanked him herself.”
“Pardon?”
“Nothing.”
Nilia feigned ignorance when Rowena questioned her.
She didn’t expect her whispers to be heard!
“By the way, Mr. Wardanaz.”
“?”
“I was wondering if you have any plans on making the vegetable stew again.”
“…??”
“He’s making the stew again?”
“That legendary vegetable stew?”
Members of the Black Tortoise who had been sipping away at their coffee sprung up from where they had been seated.
‘Is he about to serve stew?’
“No, at least not for a while.”
“…..”
The Black Tortoise sat back down again, feeling depressed.
‘So he’s not…’
Rowena seemed disappointed as well, though not as much as the Black Tortoise.
“Is that so? That’s unfortunate. I was wondering how it tasted after hearing the rumors.”
Yi-han was left speechless.
‘How far have the rumors spread already…? Also, there’s no guarantee that the stew would taste that good next time.’
He’d simply thrown in all the ingredients he had with him, so he wasn’t sure if he could recreate the same taste.
Rowena returned to where the princess was and whispered in her ears. Though Adenart remained expressionless, Yi-han could somehow sense her regret.
Yonaire shook her head.
“The elf’s being overly zealous. It doesn’t seem like the princess is all that interested in food. She’s probably being forced to have them.”
“Is that how it looks to you?”
Yi-han didn’t quite agree with that statement.
Apparently, Yonaire thought the princess practised abstinence, eating only the bare minimum to sustain herself.
However, in his opinion…
‘She seeks food just as much as Gainando does. Hmm, maybe that’s going a bit too far.’
Yi-han immediately changed his mind.
It was cruel of him to compare the princess to Gainando.
Nevertheless, as someone that regularly delivered food to the princess, he refused to believe that she didn’t like having food served to her.
She seemed to have quite the appetite after all…
“!”
The princess suddenly stood up.
Yi-han flinched, thinking she had somehow noticed the comparison he had drawn between her and Gainando.
Rowena spoke in her stead.
“Her Highness wishes to express her gratitude for the coffee and the scrambled eggs by helping out.”
“That’ll be great. Thanks.”
The princess was greatly talented in magic, so having her help was reassuring.
“Woah…”
“Amazing.”
The princess waved her staff and chanted.
When she finished, a mass of brown and red appeared in the air, flattening the ground and making the fire burn stronger.
‘It must be a spirit!’
Yi-han could immediately tell that it was a spirit.
Although the material had not yet been covered in class, the princess had managed to connect with spirits through her own research.
Yi-han pictured the princess communicating with the spirits in the spirit world and even becoming friends with them, and as he did so, he felt a tinge of regret for enrolling in Professor Bolady’s class.
‘…I might’ve been better off joining one of the popular classes.’
<b><i>Boom—<i><b>
“!!”
While everyone’s attention was drawn to the spirit, a massive figure appeared in their hiding spot, having braved the rain.
It was a golem.
***
A common misconception was that knights only knew how to swing their swords, but this often wasn’t the case.
It was easy to guess why.
To fend off bandits and defeat monsters, they needed to be equipped with a variety of skills; in the first place, if swordsmanship was all that was required of them, the White Tigers wouldn’t have existed in Einroguard.
Hence, there were many skilled students in the White Tigers, and Baetrek, a dwarf from the eastern regions of the Empire, was one of them.
He was from the Bak Family known for their alchemy, and as befitting of someone from that household, he knew his way around potions.
He often made ointments for his dormmates whenever they were injured or had muscle pain, and even Jijel acknowledged his skill.
“Here, have some tea,” Baetrek said in a dull voice, filling several cups of tea.
The White Tigers were impressed by the herbal tea of the Bak Family as they immediately felt their bodies warm up.
“Thank, Baetrek. You’re the best.”
“You’re probably better than Priestess Siana over there. Buahahaha!”
“Ahahahaha!”
The White Tigers were together with the Immortal Phoenix at the moment.
With Professor Ingurdel disappearing and the sudden downpour of rain, they had also sought shelter.
It was a good thing that the Blue Dragons and the White Tigers weren’t together as it would’ve definitely led to a scuffle.
The White Tigers were chatting among themselves, laughing at each other’s jokes without realizing the frown on Siana’s face.
They didn’t stop for a moment to consider the possibility that those of the Immortal Phoenix were listening.
“……”
“……”
The members of the Immortal Phoenix were on pins and needles, taking occasional glances at Siana.
‘She’s not going to poison their drinks, right?’
“The rain’s becoming weaker. Shall we give it a go?”
“I don’t think it’s become weaker though.”
“Really?”
“It’s just a drizzle. We’ll be fine.”
The White Tigers were much more hot-headed than the Blue Dragons. They knew how dangerous it was to move in the rain, but they felt confident due to their numbers.
They didn’t feel the need to stay around.
“Before we search for a way back to the academy, shouldn’t we join up with the others?”
“You mean those arrogant pricks from the Blue Dragons?”
The White Tigers were disgusted by the suggestion, but the Immortal Phoenix didn’t back down.
“Don’t let personal feelings cloud your judgment. It isn’t right to leave others behind.”
“Hm…”
As tough and unruly as they were, the White Tigers couldn’t find it within themselves to shout at the priests and priestesses.
“Well, those arrogant bastards aside, we should fetch the Black Tortoise…”
“Yeah, let’s regroup first. By the way, where did the professor go?”
<b><i>Boom—<i><b>
The same thing occurred here as with the other group.
A golem had appeared.
“…!!”
***
The earth golem was over 3 meters in height, and the students froze up when it appeared before them.
“Don’t make any rash moves!” Rowena instructed. “Golems move under a certain set of rules. They won’t attack if we don’t break them!”
Golems were different from wild monsters in that they were predominantly artificial creations made by mages.
The basic method of creating golems involved shaping materials such as dirt, rock, or metals and activating them through mana cores.
Damages to the core could lead to golems going rogue, and some parts could combine with materials in nature if they weren’t disposed of properly.
‘This academy has some serious safety regulation issues!’
Yi-han raised his staff while cussing in his heart.
Rowena was right in that golems followed a certain set of rules, be they regular golems or rogue golems.
The problem was that it was difficult to infer the rules of rogue golems.
If the one before them happened to follow a rule such as “eliminate all the freshmen”…
<i>Ssuuk—<i>
The earth golem approached the students in a threatening manner, only to draw a line on the ground with its foot.
A thick line was drawn in front of the students that were hiding under a cliff.
“??”
“Is it saying we shouldn’t cross? What happens if we do?”
“Let’s try it out.”
“You mustn’t, Wardanaz! Gainando’s not here!” screamed Asan.
Naturally, Yi-han wasn’t about to test it himself.
The skeletal summon scampered forth, only to be squashed by the earth golem immediately.
<b><i>Snap!<i><b>
“…..”
“…..”
The students were horrified.
Fortunately, it didn’t take long for the shattered bones to recover.
Rowena noticed something off about this.
‘Wait, are summons supposed to revive this quickly? It should take a considerable amount of time and mana to summon a creature that’s been destroyed…’



Chapter 56
However, Rowena didn’t dwell on it too much as there was something more urgent afoot.
They had to think of a way to deal with the earth golem in front of them.
“So it attacks if we cross the line.”
“Then aren’t we trapped in here!?”
“Let’s not jump to conclusions too fast. Why don’t we attack it together?”
“Don’t! We might land ourselves in further danger if we act rashly.”
The students discussed what they should do, each giving their own opinion.
As they were in a state of panic, their voices grew, and they refused to back down.
Fearing that the argument would devolve into a worthless quarrel, Nilia quickly walked up to Yi-han.
Since they didn’t listen to her, she had to get the help of someone that they did.
“Wardanaz. Wardanaz.”
Meanwhile, Yi-han was deep in thought with a frown on his forehead. She had to shake his arms and call him to get his attention.
“Wardanaz!”
“Oh, sorry, what was that?”
“What’s wrong with you? Those brats… I mean our friends are acting up again. It’s your time to shine.”
Yi-han nodded.
“By the way, what were you thinking so hard about?” Nilia asked curiously.
“Oh, I was just analyzing our situation.”
“!”
This boy from the Wardanaz Family was very astute and often noticed things that others didn’t.
Not only did he appreciate the skills of the hunters and scouts of the Shadow Patrol, but he also thought highly of their wisdom and was willing to be friends with her.
Could he have figured out a solution to this predicament?
“Did you figure something out?”
All the students including Nilia looked at him in anticipation.
“I think this is a trap from the professor.”
“….”
“….”
The unexpected bombshell left everyone speechless.
***
“Let me go.”
<b>Calm yourself, Professor Ingurdel.<b>
Principal Skelly soothed Ingurdel as he released the professor from the binding magic that he had cast.
Professor Ingurdel stared at Principal Skelly and Professor Uregor in disbelief.
He had been wondering what was going on after suddenly finding himself in the dark. It turned out he had been kidnapped by the two.
These mages were nuts!
<b>There’s a reason for bringing you here. Let me explain.<b>
“Go on.”
<b>With a skilled swordsman like yourself standing guard, the students won’t be able to grow when they’re confronted with danger.<b>
“…..”
Professor Ingurdel was dumbstruck by this bullshit explanation.
Thinking they’d managed to convince him, Principal Skelly and Professor Uregor nodded.
“I’m glad Professor Ingurdel understands.”
“But I don’t! There should be other ways to facilitate the students’ growth! For example, have them train and battle each other, or teach them the proper mindset…”
Principal Skelly shook his head when he heard this, as if to lament speaking to a swordsman.
<b>That’s not how mages grow.<b>
“He’s right, Professor Ingurdel. Mages aren’t nurtured that way. If they already know what to expect, we can’t stimulate their creativity.”
“….”
Professor Ingurdel barely held himself back from brandishing his sword. He had to remind himself that this was a magic academy, not a knights’ school.
‘I’d rather be back at knights’ school.’
<b>Professor Ingurdel might not agree with my methods right now, but one day, you’ll understand why I’m doing this.<b>
“…Fine. Let’s suppose you’re having students roam the mountains for hours in terrible rain and making them come across an ‘unexpected danger’ to train their awareness…”
Uregor acted as if he was embarrassed.
“No need to praise me like that.”
“I wasn’t praising you. There are lots of monsters in the mountain range, and the paths are such that they may get lost if they aren’t careful. How do you plan on saving them if something unexpected happens and they’re attacked by a powerful monster?”
Principal Skelly and Professor Uregor acted as if they couldn’t understand the point of his question.
<b>They should do something about it themselves, no?<b>
“Why would we intervene?”
“…..”
Professor Ingurdel’s shoulders drooped.
‘Right, I shouldn’t have even attempted to reason with them…’
The more skilled a mage was, the more likely they were to be in an abnormal state of mind.
A mage skilled enough to be appointed a professor at Einroguard would have to be at least half-crazy.
Professor Ingurdel gave up on arguing with them.
“I give up… Please notify me if a problem arises later on and the students need rescuing.”
<b>Alright. It seems we’ve finally managed to change your mind.<b>
“No, I still stand by what I said.”
Professor Ingurdel let out a deep sigh.
In an attempt to pacify him, Professor Uregor poured him a warm cup of tea.
“There’s nothing to worry about, Professor Ingurdel. What I prepared for them isn’t that dangerous. They’re just bulls that have been strengthened by potions.”
Professor Uregor had prepared them with care for this particular assignment.
Just like before, he had placed them near areas where they could find the materials for the potion.
The students might curse him now, calling him a bastard, but in the far future, once they become established alchemists, they would sing his praise in gratitude.
“I guess you’re right. If it’s just bulls, the students should be able to manage somehow.”
Professor Ingurdel was a little more at ease now.
The bulls might have been strengthened by potions, but there were quite a few talented students among the group that entered the mountain range, so they should have no trouble dealing with them.
<b>Do they spew fire?<b>
“No, they don’t.”
<b>Do they teleport?<b>
“No.”
<b>Can they perform element-based attacks? Are they infallible against blades? Do they have a deathly aura that instils fear, roars that could paralyze their opponents?<b>
“How much money do you expect me to invest in some bulls?”
The questions were getting so ridiculous that Professor Uregor had to cut him off.
Raising their strength and speed would be enough for this activity. If he tried to apply everything that the principal had mentioned, he would need to invest several mansions’ worth of money, and even that might not be enough.
Principal Skelly was disappointed to hear this.
<b>How boring. Let’s hope a different monster appears.<b>
“Monsters don’t spawn out of nowhere, you know?”
***
At first, Yi-han’s opinion seemed like nonsense, but as time passed, it began to make more sense.
This was due in part to his credibility; had Gainando made the same claim, they would have disregarded it without a second thought.
However, because it was Yi-han, they felt that there might be some truth to it.
Also, Professor Uregor had a history of doing something similar.
The students thought back to their first lesson.
That crazy professor had unleashed several boars to go after them!
It wouldn’t be strange for someone like him to use earth golems as well.
“Then where’s Professor Ingurdel?”
“They must be on the same side.”
“How could he!”
“Those damn professors! None of them are trustworthy!”
The students were enraged, to say the least.
Even Professor Ingurdel, whom they trusted, had betrayed them.
Yi-han carefully processed what happened once more.
‘It’s too much be to a coincidence.’
The moment they arrived where they could gather the herbs and materials, Professor Ingurdel went missing, rain began to pour, and an earth golem appeared…
It was too farfetched to call it an accident, which was why he had begun to suspect the professors.
“Wardanaz, if this is really a part of the professors’ ploy, what should we do in this situation?”
“Nothing’s changed. We just have to get rid of the golem somehow.”
Yi-han replied matter-of-factly to Asan’s inquiry.
Yi-han sensed that the students were discouraged and tried to boost their morale.
“Why the long face? Since it’s a trap that Professor Uregor has laid, there’s got to be a way to solve it.”
“Y-you’re right!”
He was right. If the earth golem was something the professor had prepared, there had to be a method of defeating it.
After overcoming the fear of the earth golem’s appearance, the students began discussing a solution to their problem.
“How about attacking it with fire magic or corrosive potions?”
“That’s only effective against Garci… err, trolls. Since it attacks if we cross the line, let’s try erasing it.”
“It can’t be that simple. We should try covering its eyes. Rob its vision and sneak away while it’s confused.”
“We should shoot it with arrows!”
Asan, who had been listening to their conversation, felt that Yi-han should step in again to organize everyone’s opinion. Otherwise, all sorts of trashy suggestions would be thrown out.
Rowena stepped forward and opened her mouth.
“Her Highness has suggested using her spirit to distract the golem…wait, where’s Wardanaz?”
“Huh?”
Asan looked around in a panic as Yi-han was nowhere to be seen.
“Did anyone see where Yi-han went?”
“W-was he kidnapped?”
“We must break through the golem and retrieve him!”
They were much more alarmed than when the golem first appeared.
However, Yi-han hadn’t disappeared in the first place.
Yonaire was surprised to see that Yi-han had suddenly appeared behind the earth golem.
“!!”
“Wardanaz?!”
The students couldn’t believe their eyes. Yi-han had somehow managed to cross the line and appeared behind the golem, and the golem wasn’t attacking him.
“How’d he do it!?”
“He must’ve used an invisibility spell.”
While the others were engrossed in their discussion, Yi-han had conducted an experiment to determine whether he could use the invisibility spell on his belt to go past the golem.
As a result, he discovered that the golem couldn’t detect those that were invisible.
He also learned that it wouldn’t attack anyone that had already crossed the line. This was why he was safe even after disabling the spell.
This was a huge finding.
“He knows how to cast invisibility spells…!”
“No, I simply borrowed the power of an artifact.”
“He knows how to craft artifacts already…!”
“…I never said I made it.”
The Black Tortoise were dumbfounded.
‘Huh? Was there such an artifact among the ones that we sold?’
“Where’d you get the artifact?”
“Oh, this one’s not from the school. It’s something I received from an order.”
“Which order was it?”
“The Order of Presinga.”
“…..”
“…..”
Students from both towers grimaced when they heard the name, leaving Yi-han feeling slightly hurt.
***
Yi-han had somehow slipped past the golem, but the situation hadn’t changed much as the golem still trapped the rest.
“Wardanaz, call a professor!”
“Someone should go with him! What if he betrays us and—”
“Nonsense! You think he’s Gainando?”
“R-right. Sorry…”
Yi-han ignored them.
Since this was a trap set up by Professor Uregor, calling for help would be a futile endeavour.
‘We must find a solution ourselves.’
Given that the golem was prepared by the professor, it had to be something that the freshmen could defeat one way or another.
“<i>Move!<i>”
He took out his iron orb and waved his staff, making the orb revolve midair.
‘First, I must find where its core is.’
Yi-han’s plan was to strike the earth golem until he discovered its core.
“Will it work? It’s a golem after all,” Yonaire said worriedly.
Even if it was made of dirt, it didn’t change the fact that it was a golem. Its body had to be extremely thick and robust. She didn’t think a spell from a freshman would be effective.
However, Yi-han nodded to reassure her.
Against a wild golem, he would’ve had his doubts as well. That said, this was an assignment from Professor Uregor.
‘In that case, it shouldn’t be that robust!’
With a wave of his staff, the orb struck the golem.



Chapter 57
<b><i>Puck!<i><b>
The orb made a dull sound as Yi-han propelled it using his magic, accurately embedding it inside the earth golem.
What happened next was unexpected.
“!”
Yi-han was surprised to find out that he had lost his connection with the orb, and he had no way of retrieving it from the golem’s body.
‘Crap, I should’ve thought about this a bit more.’
He clicked his tongue.
Earth golems were monsters that maintained their form through the use of mana. If an object controlled by mana were to enter their body, the connection could be lost due to interference from the golem’s own mana.
<b><i>Rattle!<i><b>
The skeletal summon waved its hand, signaling to Yi-han that it would go and retrieve the orb.
“You can do that? In that case… go!”
The skeletal summon went straight to work upon receiving the order.
It climbed up the earth golem’s back and did its best to remove the orb.
“…..”
“…..”
However, the orb was embedded too deep inside the golem, and no matter how much it tried, the summon couldn’t reach it.
“Forget it. Come back.”
The skeletal summon returned, looking gloomy as it did.
Fortunately, the earth golem didn’t seem to care.
‘I guess I won’t be needing the invisibility spell anymore.’
Yi-han, who had been planning on running away if the golem responded, got ready to attack once more.
The iron orb had failed, but…
‘How about a water marble?’
He didn’t wish to admit it, but Professor Bolady’s teachings were coming in clutch again.
Having trained tirelessly under a professor that kept shooting lethal projectiles, Yi-han had no trouble conjuring a water marble.
The problem was in its destructive power.
‘Is it going to be stronger than an iron orb?’
It was raining right now, so there was a lot of water to work with, but he had opted to use his iron orb because of its destructive power.
It was easier to maneuver as well. All he had to do was raise it in the air, concentrate on the target, and shoot.
Since the orb was inherently hard, it came with a decent amount of destructive power.
In comparison, shooting water marbles was much harder.
Before he could aim and shoot, he had to conjure water and compress it into the shape of a marble, something which required much more effort than simply using an iron orb.
He had achieved mastery over iron orbs, but he wasn’t quite there yet when it came to water marbles, and this was why he kept getting beaten up by Professor Bolady.
“<i>Gush Forth!<i>”
Yi-han began by conjuring some water in the air before compressing it to the shape of a marble.
It felt easier to do than usual, probably because of the rain.
<b><i>Puck!<i><b>
‘As I thought.’
The marble managed to hit its mark, but it wasn’t as strong as the iron orb. That much was clear based on how little it penetrated the golem.
The skeletal summon seemed to agree as it shook its body sideways.
‘Think. They may be beasts posing as humans – cruel creatures with neither blood nor tear – but even the most heartless professor wouldn’t prepare a golem that we have no hope of defeating.’
Yi-han began to contemplate.
In reality, the golem had nothing to do with Professor Uregor, but he had no way of knowing this.
‘Professor Uregor should be aware that I’m learning under Professor Bolady, and they must’ve exchanged words at one point. Maybe it’s a task that requires me to draw out everything that I’ve learned until now.’
<i>Spin, spin—<i>
Yi-han looked up.
He had conjured another water marble, and it was drawing circles above him.
A bitter laugh escaped his mouth. All that training under Professor Bolady had made him subconsciously begin to draw circles.
That was when an idea flashed in his mind.
‘What if the marble itself spun at a high speed?’
It should penetrate much deeper than before.
Rather than having it go around in circles, he began spinning the marble.
***
Meanwhile, Professor Ingurdel was sulking in the corner, prompting Principal Skelly to send a telepathic message to Professor Uregor.
<b>-Do something about this.<b>
Professor Ingurdel was a rare talent that could not be easily replaced, and the academy would be in a bind if he were to call it quits.
Principal Skelly dreaded what would happen afterward.
He’d first have to write a written statement to the Emperor claiming he didn’t bully the professor. Then, he’d have to explain to the higher officials that he wasn’t bullying sword instructors on purpose. Finally, he’d have to seek the knights and ask for someone to replace Professor Ingurdel, promising not to bully the new instructor.
Just imagining it gave him the shudders.
-Why are you asking that of me?
Though he wasn’t too happy about it, Professor Uregor went downstairs to the storage room of his hut and fetched several glasses’ worth of honey mead.
At the end of the day, he couldn’t say no to the principal.
<b>-Don’t forget to bring some snacks as well.<b>
“….”
Professor Uregor couldn’t be bothered to complain as he silently grabbed some vegetables and smoke-dried jerkies from the shelf.
That was when he caught sight of the vegetables that Yi-han had left behind.
‘I shall eat these when I’m alone.’
Professor Uregor was determined to keep the vegetables for himself. He had been robbed blind by Yi-han, so he had to get something in return.
Unfortunately, Principal Skelly had noticed the pause.
<b>-You’re not planning on keeping the goods to yourself, are you?<b>
‘Dammit.’
Giving up, Professor Uregor brought everything with him.
<i>Koong!<i>
“You must be hungry, Professor Ingurdel. By all means, try some of the honey mead that I made. It goes well with vegetables and dried meat, both of which I personally prepared.”
<b>My! Honey mead made by our dear alchemist! It must taste divine!<b>
“….”
Principal Skelly wasn’t used to flattering others.
However, being the kind elf that he was, Professor Ingurdel took a sip and gave an honest praise.
“It tastes delicious. Thank you, Professor Uregor.”
“It’s nothin’.”
It wasn’t just empty words.
Being a skilled alchemist entailed being a skilled chef and brewer. It was no wonder the mead tasted great.
Sensing that the atmosphere in the hut has gotten better, Principal Skelly opened his mouth.
<b>You don’t have to worry about the students. Back in my days, it was much worse.<b>
“….”
“….”
The professors fell silent as the ancient lich began reminiscing about his youth.
‘Of course everything was harder back in your day!’
<b>Not to mention, there are some interesting students this year. They shouldn’t have any trouble finishing the assignment.<b>
“It’s as you say.”
Professor Ingurdel slowly nodded.
Maybe the principal was right, and he was being overprotective of the students.
Or maybe it was the alcohol kicking in, clouding his judgment.
<b>Let’s take Wardanaz as an example. He should be part of the group that went into the mountains. He’s a clever fellow, is he not?<b>
The professors nodded in agreement.
Yi-han was someone all three of them were interested in.
Principal Skelly was happy to see that the young professors shared his sentiment.
<b>With him around, what’s there to worry about? Tell you what. He’s clever enough to learn my magic on his own, not to mention…<b>
“?”
“?”
The professors that had been chugging on the mead stopped when they heard this.
“…Can you repeat what you just said?”
<b>Huh?<b>
“…He’s learning your magic…?”
Not to mention Professor Ingurdel, even Professor Uregor was staring at Principal Skelly in absolute horror.
Granted, there was nothing wrong with professors giving personal lessons to certain students. After all, Einroguard was a place to learn magic.
Having said that, Principal Skelly was an exception.
He was a madman from ancient times, equipped with a set of morals and beliefs that differed greatly from the present.
It took a moment for the lich to realize his mistake.
However, as befitting an ancient mage, Principal Skelly was quick on his feet, and instead of backing down, he pushed forward with even greater momentum.
<b>So what if I taught a student!? I’m the principal of this academy! I represent you all!<b>
“…..”
“…..”
Even so, the principal knew he wasn’t off the hook yet. The professors wouldn’t let this go that easily.
As such, he tried to shift the conversation in a different direction.
<b>It’s not just me. Professor Bolady is giving him personal lessons as well, and if we’re really getting to the nitty-gritty, you’re also guilty of the same crime, Professor Uregor!<b>
He wasn’t an ancient mage for nothing. He was dragging other professors into this, even those that weren’t currently present.
“But sir… I’m only teaching things appropriate for first-year students. The same goes for Professor Bolady. But you? You’re different!” Uregor countered, feeling indignant.
He might have assigned Yi-han tasks that required physical labor, but none of them carried the risk of driving a student insane.
Principal Skelly, on the other hand, wasn’t the type to shy away from teaching a freshman all sorts of weird spells.
<b>Oh, but I beg to differ! Professor Bolady’s teachings are beyond the scope of a freshmen’s curriculum. He’s pretty much teaching the lad third-circle magic.<b>
The principal drew Professor Uregor into the conversation by bringing up the matter of Professor Bolady’s lecture.
What he said wasn’t entirely false.
Professor Bolady was teaching Yi-han something akin to third-circle magic.
– During the previous lesson, Wardanaz managed to draw a perfect circle using an iron orb.
– Is that so? It’s quite a feat to achieve such excellent control over magic, even if it’s just a spell of the first-circle. He’s as exceptional as I thought.
– What’s next, water marble? That’s a second-circle spell.
Circles were used to measure the difficulty of a spell, and they were based on the number of processes involved in the activation of the magic.
Conjuring water and maintaining it in a spherical shape was thus equivalent to second-circle magic.
– He was able to form a marble, so I made him draw circles with it.
Adding in control, the difficulty level would spike up to that of the third-circle.
But of course, it wasn’t a <i>true <i>third-circle spell.
Spells of the third-circle required all three processes to be completed in a single go.
Conjuring water, compressing it into a marble, and drawing circles with it. These were three separate processes, so strictly speaking, it was different from that of third-circle magic.
Nevertheless, it was still impressive as it meant that with enough practice, Yi-han would have no trouble using third-circle magic.
Second-circle spells were already considered difficult for first-year students.
If it had been any other professor, they would’ve been shocked to hear this, but the principal accepted the news readily.
– That’s great. Really great.
And then he thought to himself, ‘Since Professor Bolady’s going this far, there shouldn’t be any problem with me teaching him some of my spells, right?’
“What kind of grass-eating dwarven bullshit is this!? Your magic and his magic aren’t the same!”
Professor Uregor wasn’t going to be swayed that easily.
It was a problem that Professor Bolady was teaching something equivalent to third-circle magic, but a lesson from the principal was far more dangerous.
<b>I’m not making him do anything dangerous! In fact, I’ve only taught him magic that he can handle. I swear it on my honor!<b>
“…..”
“…..”
<b>I swear it on my magic!<b>
“Well, in that case…”
“We’ll trust you for now…”
It was only then that the professors gave way.
They were afraid that Yi-han would fry his brain trying to learn ancient magic that even the principal himself couldn’t decipher.
Fortunately, that didn’t seem to be the case.
“By the way, what is Professor Bolady teaching him?”
<b>Magic combat using spells of the water element.<b>
The principal explained further in depth. After listening, the professors were in awe.
Although it wasn’t a true third-circle spell, it was surprising that a freshman could display such a high level of mastery.
It wouldn’t have been possible without both talent and effort!
“I’m not a mage, so I’m not very clear about this, but is it normal for a first-year student to achieve so much in so little time?”
“Not at all. He probably has a high affinity for water magic. He seems to be talented in various fields after all… Wait. Isn’t Professor Bolady an expert in magic combat? He’s having him do repetitive training in <i>that<i>? Not to mention mana, the mental strain must be enormous…”
<b>My, what a terrible person.<b>
“…..”
<b>But he seems to be keeping up just fine. Don’t worry, with his lesson being as difficult as it is, Professor Bolady won’t push him any further than he already has.<b>
<b>***<b>
<b><i>Shiiiiiiiiiiik!!<i><b>
‘It’s finally complete.’
The water marble was spinning at an insane speed.
While holding his head, Yi-han looked up at the earth golem before him



Chapter 58
God knows how many times he had to try, but he was somehow able to complete the marble. Having said that…
“…Um, Yi-han?”
“?”
“I’m not too familiar with the spell you’re using, but is it supposed to be that big?” Yonaire asked nervously.
The other students felt uneasy as well.
It used to be around the size of a fist when he first started, but now it was as huge as a boulder.
It felt ridiculous to call it a marble anymore.
<b><i>Swish, swish, swish, swish—<i><b>
The giant marble let out menacing sounds as it revolved around its axis.
Asan was quick to defend Yi-han.
“You think Wardanaz would use a spell he couldn’t fully control? I can say with full confidence that the spell’s meant to be this way.”
“I-Is that so? It just seemed a bit too powerful for a freshman to handle.”
Nilia snapped at Rowena for doubting Yi-han.
“Who do you think he is? We’re talking about Wardanaz here. If there’s anyone that can do it, it’d be him.”
“……”
Though Yi-han was grateful for the support, it felt burdensome as well.
It was too much pressure for him.
‘Did I go too far?’
There was a saying among fledgling mages not to tinker with spells.
Spells were by themselves a complete formula, and nothing good would come of touching them, especially if the mage wasn’t experienced.
Though it wasn’t by much, Yi-han had transformed the nature of the spell.
‘Am I doing something wrong?’
It wasn’t easy maintaining the shape of the marble and having it spin at the same time.
What Yi-han didn’t know was that even his seniors would have had trouble replicating his spell unless they specialized in a related field.
In other words, his spell could be considered advanced magic, especially if it had been done using a limited amount of mana.
To keep the marble spinning, Yi-han, who didn’t have much notion of conservation, kept pouring in more and more mana.
Whenever he did so, the marble would begin to spin faster, but in exchange, its shape would threaten to crumble.
Whenever <i>that <i>happened, he would add more water to the marble. It was raining outside, so there was plenty of water to use.
But once he added more water, the marble wouldn’t spin as fast, thus creating a vicious cycle.
This would usually result in one of two things: either the water marble would explode, or the mage would collapse from exhaustion.
However, Yi-han’s mana was bottomless, and his concentration didn’t allow for the marble to explode either.
As a result, he was able to complete his spell after tens of minutes.
A water marble that was barely maintaining its shape and spinning at a dangerous speed.
It was dozens of times bigger than the previous one though!
‘I think I’m able to keep it under control somehow.’
He aimed the cannon-like water marble at the golem.
Even that was strenuous at the moment.
‘Go!’
<b><i>Kwaaang!!<i><b>
The ball of water surged forth with great momentum. Unable to keep up with its own strength, it veered slightly off course.
‘Crap!’
He had aimed it at the golem’s back, yet the marble had hit its shoulder.
Yi-han clicked his tongue in dismay.
‘Do I have to start all over again? My head’s about to explode, and that’s just from making one…’
<b><i>Boom!<i><b>
“…..”
“…..”
“?????”
The students couldn’t believe what happened next.
The earth golem was blown to smithereens after its shoulder was struck by the marble.
“WOAAAAAAAHHHHH!!”
“WARDANAZ! WARDANAZ! WARDANAZ!”
“See!? What did I say? What did I say?”
“…..”
Yi-han stood there dazed as he stared at what remained of the golem.
He had missed, and yet…
He couldn’t tell whether it was his spell that was absurdly powerful or the golem that was surprisingly brittle.
‘I guess we have Professor Bolady to thank for his lessons,’ he thought to himself, unaware that it had nothing to do with the professor.
***
“Wardanaz, are you alright? I can carry you if you want.”
“No, let me.”
“No, I’ll do it.”
His friends rushed over to him when they saw him stagger as a side effect of using such a powerful spell.
They were pulling him back and forth, giving him unnecessary headaches.
“…I’m fine. I can walk by myself.”
“Oh, really?”
Yi-han was able to recover after having a short coffee break. He was surprised by how quickly he recovered as well.
‘Coffee might be the best potion out there.’
<i>Sip—<i>
“Hm, it doesn’t seem to be raining as hard as before. Nilia, are we good to go?”
“Ideally, I’d wait a bit more, but…”
“Time to set off!”
“Wardanaz said we can go!”
“…Listen to what I’m saying, idiots!”
Nilia almost flipped seeing everyone getting ready to leave. Yi-han had to call them back before allowing her to continue.
“Ideally, I’d wait a bit more, but with the earth golem appearing, it might not be the best idea to stay here any longer. Since it’s not raining as hard now, let’s get a move on. I’ll lead the way, so follow behind me. Don’t stop in the middle, don’t wander off by yourself, and don’t get distracted by—”
“Hey, what’s that fruit over there? It looks delicious!”
<b><i>Whack!<i><b>
Yi-han whacked a student of the Black Tortoise with his staff.
The student that got smacked was surprised and apologized profusely.
“I-I beg your pardon, Sir Wardanaz!”
“We beg your pardon!!”
In the blink of an eye, the order was restored, and the students of the Black Tortoise tidied their appearance before straightening their backs.
Nilia glanced at Yi-han, seemingly grateful, but the person in question was regretting what he did.
‘Shit. I should’ve had someone else do the hitting.’
It had somehow turned into a good-cop-bad-cop situation, with Nilia being the good cop and Yi-han assuming the role of the bad cop.
Although it was an effective strategy while on a trip…
…Yi-han wanted to be seen as the good cop.
‘Should’ve had Nilia do it herself.’
Oblivious to what was going through Yi-han’s mind, Nilia continued.
“I want everyone to form groups. Make sure you keep an eye out for each other and report if something happens. Is everyone ready? Then let’s go!”
The students left their hiding spot in an orderly fashion.
They were so well-behaved, in fact, that an outsider would question if they were really from a magic academy.
***
“<i>Light!<i>”
To help those that were behind him, Yi-han lit up their surrounding by casting a ball of light.
It wasn’t just him. The students were helping each other with their magic.
A sudden thought crossed his mind when he saw this.
‘Maybe I can try out a fire spell.’
And it seemed like the most appropriate spell to cast as well.
Although the rain was getting weaker, the students were shivering from the cold.
‘Professor Garcia warned me against it, but…’
She had told him to hold off against using fire magic until he was better at controlling his spells.
This was so that he wouldn’t accidentally hurt himself while practicing.
But since it was raining right now, he reckoned it wouldn’t hurt to try.
He was more worried that his fire would get extinguished by the rain.
After all, a lot of students were having trouble generating fire.
It wasn’t simply because of the weather either. There was a spiritual aspect to it as well.
—It’s raining right now. Will my spell work?
A seed of doubt such as this was enough to ruin a spell.
‘Let’s give it a go.’
“<i>Flare Up<i>!”
After forming an image of fire in his mind, he cast the spell.
He had watched on in jealousy while the other students practiced during Professor Garcia’s lesson, so he knew the movements that were involved.
<b><i>Roaaaaaar!!<i><b>
“!!!”
“!!!!!”
Nilia, who was leading them with her ears perked, nearly had a heart attack as Yi-han suddenly unleashed a column of fire.
The flames quickly dissipated, but the shock remained.
“!?!?!?”
“O-oops.”
Nilia swallowed her scream so as to not alarm the other students. As expected of someone from the .
Instead, she expressed her surprise in a different way. She flailed her arms around, widened her eyes, and shook her feet, conveying a clear message.
“Sorry, I thought I could control it better.”
“W-what was that?” Nilia asked, her voice shaking.
“”
“…???”
Nilia questioned what she just heard.
When did this spell become so outrageous?
“It was my first time trying. But it’s fine now, I’m pretty sure I got the hang of it.”
To prove his point, he produced a ball of fire in the air and kept it under control.
A strong gust of warm air came over Nilia, melting her body.
“<i>Flare Up!<i>”
“???”
“Is something wrong?”
“N-nothing.”
Nilia was going to ask if he was alright casting spells continuously, but then decided otherwise.
Just as Yi-han had shown respect for her as a huntress, she was going to reciprocate that respect for him as a mage.
That was what being a friend meant.
“Huh, I wonder if it’s alright using multiple spells simultaneously.”
“…..”
Either way, they were able to speed up due in part to the light and fire that were produced.
The fire that Yi-han summoned was able to warm the hands and feet of the students.
‘As expected, the professor isn’t here.’
They had arrived where they had parted ways with Professor Ingurdel.
The professor was nowhere to be seen, but Yi-han wasn’t shaken by this.
After all, he had known for a while now.
‘The professors definitely set us up, alright.’
<i>Rattle, rattle—<i>
“??”
The skeletal summon suddenly hid behind Yi-han, shivering in fear.
It behaved as if it was afraid of the spot where the professor had disappeared.
‘What’s wrong with it?’
Yi-han focused his mind.
He felt a familiar trace of mana from the spot where Professor Ingurdel had disappeared.
Now whose could this be?
<b><i>Kwaaang!!<i><b>
“?!?”
The students turned toward the source of the sound.
An earth golem was charging toward them from the opposite side of the field.
***
Yi-han had taken on the role of a leader on his side, but there was no one to step up and assume that role over on the side where the Immortal Phoenix and the White Tigers were confined.
When the earth golem appeared, they failed to come to an agreement.
—Let’s throw potions at it.
—Why not gang up on it? We can finish it off while it’s distracted.
—Won’t spells work better?
—Let’s try all of that.
—Yeah, why not?
Imagine a project where each person did what they wanted without arriving at a consensus. It was as disastrous as that.
—Keep throwing, the potions are working! Way to go, Baetrek!
—Weren’t those made by priestess Siana?
—Were they? My bad.
—Everyone scatter! Don’t bunch up!
For a group that didn’t have a plan, they actually did rather well.
They weakened the earth golem with potions that were made on the spot before chipping away at its body with swords and spears.
As one would expect of the White Tigers, they fought valiantly.
However, that was it.
They failed to take out the golem, and the moment they ran out of potions, they began to be pushed back.
—Retreat! Retreat if you don’t want to be annihilated!
—Run! Run for your life!
Their weapons were no longer effective, so the students all fled in a panic.
And they happened to run in the direction where Liam’s group was at!
Yi-han muttered under his breath as the chaos approached.
“Those useless maggots…”
Nilia pretended she didn’t hear to preserve his image.



Chapter 59
“Should we just abandon them? Getting involved would most likely land us in danger as well,” Asan said in a hurry.
The Blue Dragons and the Black Tortoise stared at him in astonishment when they heard what he said.
‘How could he be so heartless?’ they all thought.
“Dude, leaving the White Tigers aside, we can’t just abandon the priests and priestesses.”
“Yeah, we have to save the Immortal Phoenix.”
“How can you say something so cruel?”
Yi-han flinched at the students’ reaction. Truth be told, he agreed with Asan on this matter.
“It’s too late! Spread out, everyone!” Nilia cried out in a hurry.
She’d had several encounters with dangerous monsters in the mountains before, so she knew what they had to do in this situation.
Showing one’s back and fleeing could lead to even greater danger.
They had to spread out and tie down the monster so that they could slowly make their retreat.
Rowena ran over to Yi-han and asked, “Can you fire again?”
“Huh? I don’t know what that is, but right now I can’t! Help everyone evacuate!”
It was only after he replied that he remembered who Eumideus was.
Emideus was a renowned mage that had come up with numerous water magic.
Either way, he didn’t have the leeway to form another water marble. The previous one had taken him dozens of minutes to complete.
With the earth golem running straight at them…
“<i>I hide myself in the night!<i>”
Having completed the chant, Yi-han’s body disappeared from view.
He had previously confirmed the fact that the earth golem targeted enemies based on their sense of sight.
‘What a waste…’
Approaching the earth golem, he took out the smoke screen chalk from his breast pocket. It was one of the defective artifacts that he had acquired from the Black Tortoise’s black market.
‘Let’s see you get to work!’
<b><i>Ppak!<i><b>
The chalk broke, forming a smoke screen around the earth golem. With its view suddenly obstructed, the golem didn’t know what to do.
Yi-han used this opportunity to whip out the Star of Dawn, the anti-magic extremist’s sword that the principal had bestowed on him.
The sword was made of black amethyst, and it emitted a strange sound as it absorbed mana from the surroundings.
The skeletal summon took a step back in disgust.
‘I’ll aim for its leg!’
<b><i>Ppuk!<i><b>
Yi-han wasn’t planning on taking down the earth golem.
‘We just have to steal its vision and tie it down. Earth golems aren’t like other monsters. It won’t chase us once we’re out of its view.’
The Star of Dawn was more powerful than he thought.
The earth golem wasn’t able to swiftly recover after having its calcaneus tendon sliced off, and it fell to its knees, having lost its balance.
That was when something fell from above.
“??”
Yi-han caught it by instinct.
It was a dwarf from the White Tigers.
“???”
Baetrek Bak, who had previously been caught by the earth golem, looked around him in confusion.
Someone was lifting him up, but hecouldn’t see who it was.
“Aren’t you going to get up?”
Baetrek jumped in surprise and adjusted his posture.
“Is that you, Wardanaz?”
“!?”
It was Yi-han’s turn to be surprised.
‘Isn’t he from the White Tigers? How did he notice?’
“How’d you know?”
“Well, I couldn’t think of anyone else that would do something like this aside from you…”
“…..”
Yi-han was at a loss for words.
‘What kind of nonsense is this dwarf—’
“We must rescue Baetrek! Advance!”
“Wait for us, Baetrek!”
Seeing the earth golem stop in its tracks, the White Tigers regrouped and prepared to attack it once more.
It was truly amazing how they still had the will to fight after getting beaten up to the point of fleeing for their lives.
Yi-han, however, wasn’t pleased by this in the slightest.
“Those worthless bags of trash!”
Baetrek pretended he didn’t hear this out of respect for his savior.
‘Do these dumbasses not even know how to flee!?’
His plan had been simple.
Using the golem’s weakness, he would rob it of its vision and buy time for the students to flee.
Once the students were gone, he would slowly walk away from the golem under the protection of his belt’s invisibility spell.
It was a simple-yet-effective plan, but the White Tigers had ruined it.
Granted, he hadn’t told the White Tigers about his plan, so they weren’t really to be blamed, but that was the least of his concerns at the moment.
“Tell them to flee dammit!”
“Run away! You don’t have to mind me!”
Baetrek did as told, disoriented as he was.
Yi-han had saved him from the clutches of the earth golem. The least he could do was let go of his pride and obey orders.
…However, the White Tigers ignored him.
“Hold on, Baetrek! We’re almost there!”
“Baetrek, you’re going to be alright!”
“…..”
Baetrek looked nervously at Yi-han, who was still invisible.
<b><i>Boom—<i><b>
The earth golem, which had been forced to stop due to the smoke screen and the damage to its leg, was beginning to move again.
The White Tigers that were approaching from the other side of the smoke screen had clearly agitated it.
It felt as if the golem was staring right at them.
‘It’s clearly locking on to its targets.’
“How did you guys even manage to get here? The earth golem must have blocked your way,” he asked Baetrek.
Yi-han had done so by using his invisibility belt, but the White Tigers didn’t have such means at their disposal.
“We threw potions at the earth golem. Priestess Siana knows how to make them…”
“!”
Yi-han was pleasantly surprised.
In that case, weakening the earth golem didn’t seem impossible.
“Hand me some of those potions!”
“We used them all up…”
“…..”
Yi-han had the urge to strike Baetrek on the back of his head. He was invisible anyway.
‘Why did you waste your potions like that? Are your heads for decoration? Huuuu…’
After letting out a deep sigh, Yi-han focused once more.
Since the White Tigers were hell-bent on engaging the earth golem, he had to deal as much damage to it as he could before the smoke screen completely disappeared.
What would be the best way to go about that?
‘Using Star of Dawn won’t do much damage to its massive figure, and it takes too long to make a water marble.’
The White Tigers were drawing closer with each passing second, giving him little time to think.
The earth golem raised its fist.
‘Damn it!’
“<i>Flare Up!<i>”
Relying on his instincts, he cast a spell.
He believed this was the right move as the earth golem was right in front of him, not to mention that this spell packed more punch than the others.
…And it went surprisingly well.
<b><i>Hwarururururuk!<i><b>
“?!?!”
Baetrek was so shocked that he fell on his back.
A column of fire had suddenly erupted and engulfed the earth golem.
It should’ve been extinguished by the rain which was pouring down, but it kept burning, fueled by Yi-han’s mana.
“A-amazing!!” he exclaimed in astonishment.
There were many people in the White Tigers who harbored hatred or jealousy towards Wardanaz.
However, there was no denying the significant gap between them.
It was truly unbelievable that a freshman could set an earth golem ablaze using just one spell.
Rather than feeling jealous, he was awe-struck.
“Shit!”
“??”
Yi-han, on the other hand, exclaimed out loud in frustration.
‘I’m sorry, Professor Garcia!’
He finally understood why the professor had told him to refrain from using fire magic.
As he was in a hurry, he had poured a lot more mana into the spell than he knew how to control.
As a result, the fire was burning uncontrollably.
He had been too confident after his initial success.
Fortunately, the earth golem was big enough to withstand the fire that had sprung out of control.
Otherwise, the magic might have shot off in a different direction.
<b><i>Crack!<i><b>
‘Huh?’
The sound of something cracking prompted Yi-han to look up.
The earth golem was crumbling down after being burnt to crisps.
It was a common misconception that fire could harden dirt, but that was only the case for dirt that had been specially prepared.
In most cases, the dirt would crumble.
“…S-so this was what you were aiming for…!”
It was surprise after surprise for Baetrek.
Yi-han, however, couldn’t be bothered to react anymore.
***
Yi-han undid the invisibility spell, working together with the White Tigers to chop up the earth golem.
With cracks forming all throughout its body, the golem was swiftly defeated.
“UWAAAAAA!!”
“We did it! We frickin’ did it!!”
“It’s all thanks to you!”
“?”
Yi-han was startled by the White Tigers that had come to express their gratitude.
‘The heck?’
He could understand why they were happy, but why were they acting familiar all of a sudden?
“…By the way, who are you? I don’t recall meeting you anywhere…”
“Which household are you from?”
“???”
The White Tigers soon realized something was wrong.
They had seen Yi-han fighting next to Baetrek with a sword in hand, so they had assumed that he was one of them…
But upon closer inspection, that didn’t seem to be the case.
Baetrek had to step forward in the end to explain.
“He isn’t from our tower. He’s Wardanaz from the Blue Dragons.”
“…aqkwjef!”
The White Tigers that had been thanking him just a moment ago took several steps back, shocked.
Some of them even fell to the ground as they did so.
‘They seem more afraid of me than the golem.’
“W-what are you plotting?”
“Rather, how did you trick us? Did you make use of the rain? Even so—”
“He must’ve deceived our eyes using magic!”
Yi-han shook his head as the White Tigers droned on and on, voicing their absurd imaginations.
Baetrek was limping, possibly from getting caught by the golem.
“Enough with the nonsense. Wardanaz here came to help us, and he even saved my life.”
“Baetrek, are you alright?”
“It’s just a sprain, I’ll be fine. We should call the other students back before they get lost.”
The White Tigers nodded in agreement.
Not all the students were hot-blooded like them.
The Immortal Phoenix, as well as a group of students from the White Tigers (who Yi-han thought were smarter than the rest), had fled instead of returning to fight.
They had to call them back before they got lost in the mountains.
“But…”
“?”
“Should we be leaving Baetrek alone with Wardanaz? Won’t he do something to Baetrek?”
“…..”
“I-It’s not that we don’t trust you, Wardanaz. Baetrek’s injured and all, so…”
Under Yi-han’s cold gaze, the White Tigers began putting forth several excuses.
***
“Anyone missing?”
“None. Everyone’s accounted for.”
Yi-han confirmed that everyone from the Blue Dragons and the Black Tortoise was present.
The White Tigers and the Immortal Phoenix were doing the same.
Unlike Yi-han’s group, there were a lot of injured students among the White Tigers.
They had foolishly charged at the golem, which was why most of them were bruised or had fractures.
Those of the Immortal Phoenix were giving them treatment, and Priestess Siana, who belonged to the Order of Flameng was handing out painkillers and potions that helped with bruises.
Yonaire was beyond impressed.
“As expected, she’s amazing! Not only does she know a lot of recipes, the speed at which she brews potions—”
“….”
There was a lot going through Yi-han’s mind as he had heard of Priestess Siana’s jealous nature.
—With you gone, I’ll be first place!!
…He couldn’t help but imagine her saying this.
‘I’ve already made an enemy with the White Tigers. Antagonizing the Immortal Phoenix doesn’t seem to be a good idea…’
While he was having such thoughts, Priestess Siana approached him.
“I heard you fought with the earth golem. Please drink this potion. It’ll help with your injuries.”
“Oh, there’s no need for that. Yi-han’s not in—”
Before Yonaire could finish her sentence, Yi-han received the potion and chugged it down in one go.
Then…
“This…this is the best potion I’ve ever had!!”
“Huh?”
Yonaire was puzzled by his over-the-top reaction.
Sure, Priestess Siana might be proficient, but could a potion that she quickly brewed be that effective…?
However, this was only the start of Yi-han’s flattery.
He made full use of the skill that he acquired while entertaining his boring professors.
“Did you make this potion yourself? Unbelievable! You can sell this on the market! It’s simply divine!”
He took a quick glance in Priestess Siana’s direction, only to catch her smiling with glee!



Chapter 60
Sensing that his flattery was working, Yi-han began praising her even harder.
He slapped his forehead and said, “As expected of Priestess Siana!! Your skills are simply unrivaled!”
“…Did you hit your head somewhere?” Yonaire asked in a whisper.
It seemed like he had taken the wrong medicine this morning.
However, other than her, everyone else seemed to agree with his words, and Priestess Siana appeared extremely pleased.
“Sir Wardanaz, you have good eyes.”
“No, even a blind man would recognize how amazing this potion is.”
“I’m flattered.”
Priestess Siana had to cover her mouth with her sleeve to hide the smile that had crept up.
Yi-han was happy to see this.
After exchanging several more words, Priestess Siana joined up with the others from her tower, feeling immensely satisfied.
‘Phew, that was tough,’ Yi-han let out a deep sigh as he thought so.
Coming up with empty praises was harder than he initially thought.
But it was worth it.
After returning to her group, Priestess Siana began complimenting Yi-han to those around her.
—Sir Wardanaz is of such noble disposition. Not only is he polite, but he also has a refined taste as well…
—Did something happen there?
—No, but he’s a well-taught gentleman that…
Anyway, he didn’t have to worry about the Immortal Phoenix turning against him now.
“Yonaire, even if you get 1st place in alchemy, I won’t spike your drinks with poison.”
“Seriously, what’s wrong with you?”
Yonaire stared at him, feeling worried.
***
After providing first aid to those that needed them, the students began their journey back.
Those with broken legs were carried by those in good shape, and they luckily didn’t encounter any monsters along the way.
“Baetrek, are you sure Wardanaz didn’t do anything to you?”
“Baetrek, he might have brainwashed you without you realizing…”
“Baetrek, perhaps a forbidden curse—”
“I’ve been telling you guys! He didn’t do anything!”
Baetrek was at a loss. No one was willing to believe that Yi-han had saved him.
“We’re all freshmen. How the hell is he supposed to know a forbidden curse!?”
“That’s the thing. I thought they were just rumors, but if it’s him, it’s not entirely impossible.”
“Yeah, at first, I didn’t believe the rumors surrounding him either. But some of those stories might be true.”
The students of the White Tigers nodded in unison.
As absurd as it was, some of them genuinely believed in the rumors.
“The Wardanaz Family must’ve trained him ever since he was young.”
“What a terrifying household.”
Stories of his powerful telekinesis spell and his performance during the lesson on black magic had made a round around the academy, becoming more exaggerated as time passed.
Students from the other towers didn’t have such misunderstandings about him as they had interacted with Yi-han on several occasions, and even if they had, it wasn’t that far fetched .
It was only to the extent of “He’s overflowing with confidence and charisma!” or “He rules over the Blue Dragons with an iron fist, showing no mercy to those that go against him.”
However, the White Tigers were different, and they were genuinely afraid of him!
“As Moradi has previously pointed out, Wardanaz isn’t such a scary individual.”
Baetrek tried to resolve the misunderstanding. It was the least he could do after being saved.
“Baetrek, who was it that took down the earth golem using magic?”
“…Wardanaz.”
“And would you consider that fire magic normal?”
Baetrek became silent. There was nothing he could say against their argument.
<i>To think I’d lose to these fools that believe in such absurd rumors…!<i>
“Hey.”
“!”
Yi-han had crept up to them while they were chatting.
When the White Tigers saw him, they instinctively drew their wooden swords and stared at him with trembling eyes.
‘…are you guys herbivores or what?’
“W-w-w-what’s your business here, Wardanaz?”
“Nothing serious…Here, take these. You must be tired.”
Saying this, he took out some snacks from his bag.
They were among the oldest snacks that he had stored in the cabinet of his pantr— private room, but they tasted just as great as the others.
Bread with jam and cookies with sugar sprinkled on top.
Their expiry dates were soon approaching, which was why he had brought them with him as a means of getting rid of them and showing off at the same time.
He had previously picked a fight with the White Tigers after being provoked without cause, but that was just him retaliating. On a fundamental level, he disliked having meaningless fights as well.
“Y-you have our thanks, Wardanaz.”
The White Tigers were experiencing an inner conflict.
‘Will it be fine to eat these?’
‘But I’m famished.’
The latter won out in the end.
They were still at an age where they were growing, and it was difficult to fight off the hunger.
“Baetrek Bak, right? I heard you’re from the East. Here, have this rice ball.”
“..!”
Baetrek was slightly moved by this gesture.
Yi-han had gone out of his way to give him something he was familiar with.
Since the Empire was so vast, not many students were interested in food from other regions.
It wasn’t like Yi-han was from the East, yet he had shown him such kindness.
<i>As I thought, the rumors surrounding Wardanaz are far from the truth.<i>
The others from the White Tigers seemed to agree to this as well, and they began to discuss amongst themselves after Yi-han left, devouring the snacks as they did.
“Maybe we were wrong about him…”
“Hey, hear this! I picked up something from the Blue Dragons. Apparently, Wardanaz took down the earth golem in a single blow using a water spell!! They said he summoned a dragon!”
“…..”
“…..”
The White Tigers were blown away when they heard this.
<i>W-what a fearsome fellow!<i>
***
Professor Uregor noticed something soon after drinking several glasses of mead.
‘Huh? Where did all the vegetables go?’
He had served the vegetables that his disciple had grown, but they were gone before he knew it.
It couldn’t have been Principal Skelly, which left only one suspect.
“Is there something wrong?” asked Professor Ingurdel, noticing his gaze.
“Oh, nothing serious. You…seem to like your veggies.”
<b>‘Uregor, just because Professor Ingurdel’s an elf, it doesn’t mean he has to like vegetables. That’s an old prejudice. As the academy’s representative, I’m sad to hear that one of our professors is so narrow-minded. Would you be happy if people assumed you like beer because you’re a dwarf?’<b>
“And what’s wrong with that? I like my beer.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.”
Professor Ingurdel apologized when he noticed what this was about.
“I’m usually not one to obsess over vegetables, but for some reason, I couldn’t help myself today.”
“Is that so?”
<b>‘What’s the big deal? It’s not like you enjoy having vegetables.’<b>
“That’s not true! I’m not picky with food.”
<b>‘Heh, you probably eat them with loads of meat. Don’t be petty. Why are you putting Professor Ingurdel in a difficult spot over vegetables?’<b>
“I’m really sorry…”
“No, there’s no need for apologies!”
Uregor swore never to invite the principal ever again.
Principal Skelly couldn’t eat or drink, so his greatest joy in life was making others’ lives miserable.
‘Hmm, but I wonder how they tasted.’
Since he didn’t get the chance to try them, he was curious as to how the vegetables tasted. Professor Uregor smacked his lips.
<b>The students are returning. What did I tell you? They’d be just fine by themselves.<b>
“!”
Professor Ingurdel rushed out of the hut.
Seeing this, Professor Skelly shook his head.
<b>‘How soft-hearted…’<b>
<b>***<b>
The students weren’t surprised to see Professor Ingurdel and Professor Uregor waiting for them.
After all, Yi-han had already told them what had happened.
They glared at the professors; their eyes filled with hatred.
‘The first thing I’ll do when I become a grand mage is give the professors here a taste of their own medicine.’
‘The first thing I’ll do when I become a swordmaster is beat the living daylight out of the professors here.’
‘The first thing I’ll do when I become a high-ranking government official is—’
Professor Uregor let out a boisterous laugh.
“I’m glad to see you all back!”
“…Yeah, we had a great time there thanks to the professors.”
“You don’t look all that surprised. Good, you must’ve figured out the truth by now. Indeed, that was my doing. But the path to becoming an alchemist is wrought with dangers. Never put down your guard. No one knows what fate has in store for us.”
“…..”
“…..”
The students were starting to seriously consider an ambush on the professor.
It was their sincere wish to see something unexpected happen to the dwarven professor.
Professor Ingurdel, on the other hand, appeared apologetic.
“I’m sorry, everyone. I really wished to stay here, but…”
“Yeah, right.”
“Hmph, they’re all the same.”
“?!”
Even the White Tigers were glaring at him, which made him panic.
“But I’m telling the truth! The principal suddenly appeared and teleported me away!”
“You don’t have to lie to us, professor.”
“We aren’t going to trust anyone anymore. Isn’t that what the academy wishes to teach us?”
The students had become more mature after experiencing the trial.
None of the students had any faith in the professors. This was true of students from all four towers.
Professor Ingurdel was in despair after learning that the students he had taught and crossed swords with distrusted him.
“…..”
Professor Uregor pretended as if he couldn’t see Professor Ingurdel glowering at him.
‘It’s not my fault, Professor Ingurdel. Blame Gonadaltes.’
Yi-han wasn’t too sure anymore after watching Ingurdel’s reaction.
‘Wait, was he actually in the dark about this?’
It didn’t feel like Professor Ingurdel was acting.
It might be hard to believe that he was suddenly kidnapped by the principal, but…
‘If it’s that son of a… person, it’s not entirely implausible.’
<b><i>Rattle, rattle, rattle.<i><b>
The skeletal summon pointed at the direction of the hut.
“!”
He felt a faint mana fluctuation coming from the hut. It was similar to the fluctuation he felt back in the mountains.
Yi-han recalled whose mana it was.
Without a doubt, it was Principal Skelly’s.
‘For real!? Did he actually kidnap a professor in broad daylight?’
‘But then again, I’m not all that surprised. After all, it’s the principal we’re talking about.’
Yi-han was quick to come to a conclusion.
“I trust you, sir. So you were kidnapped by the professor.”
“Wardanaz…!”
Ingurdel was so moved that tears welled up in his eyes.
***
Professor Uregor grew curious after seeing everyone present.
How did the students overcome the trial?
“What methods did you use?”
“Wardanaz blew the earth golem away using .”
“And he burned the other one to crisps.”
“..?”
Professor Uregor became puzzled after hearing a string of unexpected answers.
He didn’t know what to say.
“Wait, wait, wait…hold on a second.”
“???”
“What earth golems? What about the bulls? Where did the bulls go?”
“There he goes again…Sir, enough is enough. We’re not that easy to fool.”
The Blue Dragons snorted.
They thought the professor was trying to fool them again.
<i>Not a chance!<i>
“I’m serious! Why are you bringing up earth golems? Those aren’t what I prepared!.”
“Riiight. What a ‘coincidence’ this must be.”
“Hear that, guys? Professor Uregor’s saying it’s all a ‘coincidence’!”
“…..”
Professor Uregor was slightly regretful of his past behaviors.



Chapter 61
Uregor didn’t expect the students to have so little faith in him.
Still, he wished to get to the bottom of this. Hence, he called out to Yi-han, who could be considered his disciple.
“Wardanaz.”
“Yes, Professor?”
“You trust me, right?”
Yi-han had believed Professor Ingurdel’s words. Surely, he’d be willing to believe his words as well!
Yi-han nodded and said, “But of course! I wouldn’t dare to question the professor!”
“…You might as well have said you don’t trust me at all.”
Professor Uregor was annoyed by the response.
He much preferred the other students’ reactions over Yi-han’s. Unlike him, the others were at least honest about what they thought.
“So you guys actually didn’t encounter any bulls? Well, I’ll be damned. They were pretty expensive to prepare… And where did the earth golems come from?”
“…Wait, what do you mean?”
Professor Ingurdel’s expression became serious when he heard Professor Uregor’s mutters.
Realizing his mistake, Professor Uregor quickly covered up the truth.
“Hahaha…I was just joking, Professor Ingurdel. Both the golems and the bulls were prepared by yours truly, but it seems the bulls went on a stroll somewhere.”
“…..”
However, his excuse wasn’t enough to convince Professor Ingurdel, and his eyes remained cold.
All hell would break loose if a swordmaster were to lash out in anger.
To resolve the situation, Professor Uregor dragged Yi-han into their conversation.
“Wardanaz, you tell me. Who do you think prepared those earth golems?!”
“…..”
Yi-han was speechless. Just a moment ago, he’d said that the golems weren’t his doing, yet he was playing a different tune already.
Nevertheless, he decided to cooperate with the professor as his eyes seemed desperate.
“Who else could it have been if not you, Professor Uregor?”
“Right? Look, Professor Ingurdel. Even Wardanaz who’s so clever agrees with me.”
“Let’s say that you’re right, Professor Uregor. Do you think it was appropriate to pit the students against earth golems?”
“…..”
Professor Uregor once again sought Yi-han for help, but he and his friends had already fled the scene by then.
***
It was Saturday, but the Blue Dragons weren’t enjoying their time outside the dorm, exploring the academy and seeking magical encounters.
Instead, they were racking their brains in the resting lounge, struggling to complete the mountain-load of assignments that had been given to them.
“Damn it…I don’t spot any paradoxes in the book. Wait, the paradox here must be that someone as exalted and distinguished as me is wasting time on a bogus assignment.”
“How the hell are we supposed to know how much it costs to construct the magic circle? Just use the money in our household! Why be so petty?”
The students all groaned as they went about their work.
None of the assignments were easy to complete, and as a result, Yi-han’s treasure trove of snacks was selling like hotcakes.
It was becoming a hassle keeping track of everyone’s purchases, so Yi-han ended up placing a basket full of goodies besides the fireplace. Along with it was a paper that read:
Apple flavored candies – one silver coin
Apricot jam cookies – two silver coins
The Maykin Family’s chocolate bars – four silver coins
A cup of black tea with sugar– one silver coin
And the list went on.
Sure, they were expensive, but none of the students complained.
They were just glad that they could get their hands on these snacks.
Outside, the Black Tortoise was holding on to dear life with their assortment of fake cookies, candies, and chewing gums…
“Stop complaining, the classes you guys are taking are easy, nothing like our alchemy class.”
“Yeah, you call <i>this <i>hard? Compared to our alchemy assignment, this is child’s play!”
“…..”
There were a couple of students among the Blue Dragons that took alchemy with Yi-han and the others, and they were bragging about their experience in the mountains.
They seemed so proud, to the point where onlookers would think they’d slain a dragon or something.
“Pretentious bastards… I bet Wardanaz did all the work…”
“Leave them be. I kind of pity them. I mean, an encounter with earth golems?”
“You’re right. The professor must be insane. How could he have students fight against earth golems?”
Instead of telling them to shut up, their friends were kind enough to listen to their tales.
It was truly a product of friendship and honor.
‘What they don’t know is that they’ll probably experience something similar…’
Yi-han shook his head sympathetically.
They were thinking to themselves, “We’re not taking alchemy. What’s the worst that could happen?”
But that was where they were wrong.
Take as an example. Having a loose screw was one of the prerequisites of being a professor in this academy.
Even if one were to avoid a class with an insane professor, they’d only find themselves in the class of another one.
‘They’ll learn the truth when the time comes!’
<b><i>Bubble, bubble, bubble— <i><b>
“Orcish bellflower and… mushrooms? Add them together, and then…”
“Ew, what’s this smell? Are you sure this is right? <i>This<i>…??”
Those that took alchemy were discussing how to complete the assignment, each with their cauldron in front of them.
They’d gathered all the ingredients necessary to concoct , but they were just beginners when it came to alchemy.
Gathering ingredients for the potion was only half the journey, and the other half was brewing them.
They had limited ingredients to work with, so they were naturally nervous, and their hands sometimes trembled.
<b><i>Boom!!<i><b>
“Ahh!!”
<b><i>Boom! Bang! Boom! Bang!<i><b>
“Ugyaa!!”
“Hold on a sec.”
Yi-han held his hand out and signaled his friends to stop.
During class, they had already learned that even a small mistake in movement or timing could lead to failure.
However…
‘There must be something else that’s wrong here.’
Something felt off.
Yi-han had been watching the students brew the potion, and curiously, smoke rose up from the cauldrons even when they performed quite well.
Minor mistakes would only lead to a drop in the potion’s quality, yet the potions produced looked nothing like the one in the picture.
“Is something wrong?”
“…Don’t you think there’s a chance that Professor Uregor taught us the wrong recipe?”
“…..”
“…..”
Silence descended in the resting lounge, and a gust of cold air passed by them.
The other students that were working on assignments from other classes also looked up in disbelief.
“That’s going a little too far, don’t you think…?”
“But we’re talking about Uregor here! He must’ve tricked us, I’m sure of it!”
“!?”
If it had been before, they would’ve thought “No way” and moved on. However, their trust in the professor had hit rock bottom, finally assimilating into the academy.
“That psychopath must’ve withheld the recipe on purpose!”
“Is he telling us to figure it out ourselves!?”
There was an outcry among the students.
Yi-han, however, was deep in thought, and so too was Yonaire.
Their friends’ anger was justified, but this concerned their grades.
Even if they wished to grab the professor by the collar, they had to turn in their assignments first.
“We should test out various recipes, modifying the one that the professor has given us one line at a time. Yonaire, any idea where we should start?”
“The presence of demon beard flower, troll mushroom, jade dragon flower, and Marlene is suspicious… from what I know, they have nothing to do with spirits.”
“You mean they’re all there to trick us?”
“Not quite. I think only one or two of them are unneeded. Even if they don’t have a direct connection to spirits, some of them might amplify the effects of the potion or help fortify the user’s mind.”
Yi-han was impressed by Yonaire’s analysis.
He was an old-timer when it came to conducting experiments, but he couldn’t hold a candle against Yonaire, who had read countless books about alchemy ever since she was young.
‘Other than the economics column of the newspaper, I should’ve read up some books about alchemy as well.’
“We can try removing the ingredients one at a time, but the problem is…we might not have enough ingredients by the end.”
Yi-han began contemplating the purpose behind these traps.
Why did Professor Uregor fiddle with the recipe?
“We might have to flip through some books related to alchemy and compare the recipe we have on hand with the ones used in the past to determine where the problem lies…”
Yonaire muttered, sounding discouraged.
That gave Yi-han the answer he had been looking for.
‘He wants us to arrive at the answer ourselves instead of relying on others’ recipes.’
Knowledge obtained through one’s own work and studies always lasted longer.
Yi-han shivered when he arrived at this thought.
He was getting so good at reading the professors’ minds that it gave him the shivers.
If you gaze long enough into the abyss, the abyss will also gaze back at you.
To get rid of this thought, he shook his head violently.
‘I refuse to be swayed by the professors.’
“Should we go look up some books?”
“Yonaire, will that take up the whole weekend?”
“Probably…”
“Then no. I’m leaving the academy tomorrow.”
Yi-han said this with a look of determination on his face. His eyes conveyed conviction, one which left no room for argument.
Yonaire felt slightly moved.
“…..”
At the same time, she felt conflicted.
‘…Is this something to get emotional over?’
“Everyone, pause what you’re doing and come over here!”
“??”
“We’re going to use trial and error to brute-force this.”
“But we’ll run out of ingredients then.”
“We should each have some ingredients to spare. We’ll pool them together. Let’s seek the other towers’ cooperation as well.”
“…!”
Asan was in awe.
Ingredients from one student would be nowhere near enough for the trial-and-error approach, but it was a different story if they all came together.
They would definitely have enough ingredients to spare.
Yonaire nodded in approval.
“Getting help from the other towers is indeed a good idea. Some students may know something that I don’t.”
“Priestess Siana would be a big help.”
“She belongs to the Immortal Phoenix, what if she doesn’t cooperate?”
“I hear she’s been singing Wardanaz’s praise. I bet she’ll agree to come if it’s his request.”
Leaving the others behind, Yi-han confidently left the resting lounge.
His confidence portrayed his firm conviction. He wasn’t going to let anything get in the way of his holiday.
“Wardanaz..! We’ll leave it to you!”
“I’ll be back.”
“Oh, and please call Her Highness as well.”
Yi-han stopped in his track when he heard this.
“…Can’t you do that yourself?”
“But we’re not close with the princess…”
“Yeah, you seem to be acquainted with her, so…”
“She’s royalty and all…”
“Right, then I’ll—”
It wasn’t anything difficult, so he was about to nod his head in agreement.
“Hey, Gainando! You got the multiplication wrong! We have to start all over again!”
“I wasn’t wrong! You were!”
“Bullshit! Who are you trying to trick here? Your calculation here is wrong!”
“….”
Yi-han was at a loss for words.
‘These sons of—’
***
-Your Highness, it’s Wardanaz.
-!
When Yi-han knocked on the door, the princess rushed out looking expectant.
She immediately looked towards his hands, but was disappointed when she noticed that he hadn’t brought anything over.
She walked downstairs to the resting lounge after hearing the explanation, her shoulders drooped.
Yi-han felt sorry when he saw this.
‘I should probably bring something with me next time.’
The others were willing to pay for her, so the more he brought, the more he would profit.
It pricked his conscience a bit as he was essentially tricking these naïve kids and robbing them blind.
‘It’s here, right?’
Upon arriving at his next destination, Yi-han looked around him.
Since he belonged to the Blue Dragons, he didn’t have much chance to visit the other towers.
Unlike the excessively extravagant Tower of the Blue Dragons, the Tower of the Immortal Phoenix exuded an air of piety. It accurately reflected the students that resided there.
‘…Hold on. How does one enter?’
It was only when he arrived before the tower that he realized he didn’t know how to enter the other dormitories.
He decided to try it out first.
<b><i>Tooong—<i><b>
“!”
Yi-han was immediately pushed out by an invisible force that protected the tower’s front gates.
‘Probably a spell that defends against intruders. I guess this much is to be expected.’
It would be a huge issue if anyone could just waltz into the tower of the Immortal Phoenix.
“Sir Wardanaz?”
A familiar voice sounded from behind. A snake demihuman wearing a priestess uniform was staring at him, confused.
The moment he saw Priestess Siana, he began flattering her, almost like a reflex.
“If it isn’t Priestess Siana who brewed those amazing potions!”
“Your praise is excessive.”
“How could that be? I’m only stating the truth.”
“These are potions that I just brewed. Please take them with you. They’ll help with your fatigue.”
Saying this, she handed him some potions, a wide smile hanging on her face.



Chapter 62
Yi-han received the potions and placed them in his pockets.
“To think I’d have the honor to receive such great potions. Words alone cannot describe how moved I am.”
“May I ask why you’re here? If there’s something you need help with, please don’t hesitate to ask.”
Yi-han told her about the nasty trap that the professor had prepared for the assignment.
Priestess Siana, who had been listening with an earnest look, exclaimed in surprise, having recalled something.
“Yes, I remember seeing some odd ingredients within the mix. I was thinking of browsing through some books later on…”
“We’re currently in the process of pooling together all our ingredients to test out several recipes, and we’d be delighted to have someone like your respected self with us. After all, when it comes to alchemy, none would dare to claim that they’re better than Priestess Siana.”
Priestess Siana immediately nodded, excited.
“But of course, I’d be happy to help. I’ll call the other students from the Immortal Phoenix as well!”
‘If only the White Tigers were this easy to manipulate…’
Such were Yi-han’s thoughts as he watched the departing figure of the priestess.
***
The Black Tortoise were even easier to convince as Nilia and Ratford brought them out.
In fact, he had a harder time placating the students that rushed over from the black market to trade with him.
They lined up in front of him, thinking he was here to trade again.
-Wardanaz, how about this knife staff?! With this, the White Tigers won’t be your match!
-Move aside! Wardanaz, want this talisman? It helps you avoid golems!
Then came the White Tigers…
“Wardanaz is here!”
“Don’t charge at him by yourself!”
“…..”
Dolgyu had to intervene in the end and speak to his friends, but even then, the White Tigers refused to budge.
Eventually, Yi-han came back without them.
‘Well…we should have enough ingredients even without the White Tigers.’
With three towers cooperating, they had ingredients to spare.
With the help of Priestess Siana, Yi-han and Yonaire measured how many ingredients they had altogether.
Then, they split them into two piles, one of which was used for the experiments.
“Preparations are done. We can proceed with the experiments now.”
“Good work, everyone.”
All the students present let out a deep sigh.
They had to go through all this trouble because of the bs trap that Professor Uregor had laid.
“By the way, is it true that you’re leaving tomorrow using an exit permit?”
“!”
The Blue Dragons were aware that Yi-han had received an exit permit, but the students from the other towers were blown away by this news.
Not only were the Black Tortoise staring at Yi-han with looks of surprise, but the Immortal Phoenix were as well.
“Y-you received an exit permit!?”
“As one would expect of Sir Wardanaz!”
“How does one receive an exit permit? Do we have to take down a golem?”
“That’s not what’s important right now! Wardanaz, what do you plan on bringing back?”
The students gathered around Yi-han and bombarded him with questions.
Though they were envious of him, they were more curious about what he would bring back from the outside world.
“I-if it was me, I’d bring back…Gaaah! I’m spoiled for choices!”
“C-calm down. Let’s list them out one at a time.”
They were raising a fuss over nothing. Yi-han, who was at the center of all this, remained as calm as ever.
‘What would you bring back if you were allowed to take a day off?’
“Food! Lots and lots of food. Something sweet and easy to carry!”
“Wardanaz, you should borrow a carriage on your return trip!”
“Don’t you remember? We aren’t allowed to bring carriages into the school grounds!”
“Food’s fine and all, but how about clothes? What we’re wearing right now can hardly be considered rags.”
‘What’s wrong with what we’re wearing?’ Nilia wondered.
Personally, she felt comfortable in these clothes…
“You’re right. We need something more comfortable and durable.”
“Shoes! Hats! Cloaks! And…”
Asan joined the conversation as well.
“We should procure some books as well as utensils such as ink.”
“Are you nuts, Dargard? Can you eat books? Can you drink ink?
“Hey, I’m not saying we shouldn’t get food, but we seriously need to get some books.”
Asan had a valid reason for saying this.
In an attempt to complete their assignments, some students had gone to visit the academy’s library, but as expected, the books there weren’t arranged in a logical order, which made it terribly difficult to find the books that they needed.
‘Which sociopath organized these books?’
Chaos was the perfect word to describe the library, with no semblance of order.
Anyone that visited there would be horrified, and trying to find the appropriate book for the assignment would be an absolute nightmare.
The students missed the bookstores outside.
Out there, all they had to do was say ‘I’m looking for this book’, and the store owners would wrap it up for them. Oh, how they missed the good ol’ days!
“As things stand, there’s a 95% chance of us breaking down first due to the assignments. We should at least get some basic reading materials.”
“Hmm… you have a point.”
Even the students that had been screaming for butter cookies, chocolate chips, caramel waffles, milk rolls, and maple candies nodded in a serious manner.
“Books alone won’t be enough. We should also get an artifact that helps us do calculations. Doing everything by hand is brutal.”
“That’s a great point.”
“There’s nothing to do here, so we should get some magazines and novels as well. A new deck of cards and a chess board would help too.”
“…?”
The students that had been nodding suddenly stopped.
Something wasn’t right.
“Gainando! You think that’s what’s important right now!?”
“I do, and that’s why I said it! You guys are saying what you want. Why can’t I!?”
“Guys, Wardanaz went to sleep.”
“?!”
Tomorrow was Sunday, and he had to leave early in the morning, so he had returned to his room after completing the alchemy assignment.
***
‘I can’t fall asleep.’
Yi-han was at a loss.
It felt as if he was a child, looking forward to a school trip… no, that wasn’t quite right. It was closer to the feeling of tension one would feel before an important exam.
‘Will I be able to make it out safely?’
Based on how serious he looked, one might assume he was preparing for his graduation exam.
Even though he was leaving with an exit permit, Yi-han wasn’t about to lower his guard.
This was Einroguard. There were bound to be hiccups along the way.
‘Let’s take a moment to think. What kind of difficulties might I encounter?’
First off, carriages were probably banned, as was the case when they first enrolled in the academy.
‘They’re not going to take away what I have on me, right? I should carry as many things as I can then… I wonder how far the closest village is.’
Distance was a problem as well.
When he first attempted to escape, he had ridden a carriage, but that wasn’t the case this time.
Considering the nature of this academy, it wouldn’t surprise him if the village was located at a distance that couldn’t be reached in a day.
‘If I’d known this would happen, I would’ve learned a movement spell!’
Yi-han breathed a deep sigh.
He wouldn’t have been so stressed if he had known a body-enhancement spell, but such worries proved to be unfounded for the freshman.
<b><i>Paririririk!<i><b>
“…!?!?”
A book that was on his bookshelf fluttered open on its own. It was the black book that Principal Skelly had gifted him.
Tentacles made of words spurted out, which then proceeded to envelop Yi-han.
“The fu—?”
Before he could finish, he found himself transported to a foreign space, a place devoid of anything. Neither the sky nor the horizon existed there.
Yi-han’s instinct told him that he was inside an illusion created by the black book.
<b><i>Boom!<i><b>
The black book appeared before him and opened to a certain page while remaining afloat.
The spell shown on that page was , the one he had inherited but previously failed to master.
“…Are you telling me to master it?”
The book shook its body up and down. It seemed to be saying “yes”.
“Did you recommend this after sensing my distress?”
Once again, the book answered in the affirmative.
It looked quite cute as it did so, which improved Yi-han’s mood a bit.
The book was more loyal than he’d initially given it credit for.
“But wait. There’s not enough time for me to master it. I must leave tomorrow, so send me out.”
The black book stopped nodding when it heard what he said. Then, it slowly shook its body sideways in disapproval.
“…..”
‘I take that back. It ain’t loyal to me at all.’
There was no way a book from the principal could be normal.
“…<i>Flare Up!<i>”
Left with no choice, he decided to roast the book.
However, the spell failed to activate, and the black book flipped open once more in a smug manner, as if to tell him that he couldn’t use any spell other than .
“….”
After heaving a sigh, Yi-han took out his staff.
***
<b>Prisoner 24601!<b>
“But Master, I’m not a prisoner.”
<b>Right, right. The age must be getting to me.<b>
“….”
Yi-han yawned as he listened to the conversation between Principal Skelly and one of his summons.
He was no longer bothered by conversations like this.
The black book had dragged him into an illusion where he was forced to train, but it didn’t deprive him of sleep as everything had happened inside his dream.
However, he still felt mentally drained.
‘I hate myself for feeling relieved that nothing worse happened…’
<b>Congratulations on your well-deserved leave, Wardanaz! Be proud of yourself, for this is the reward you earned through your hard work!<b>
“Thanks.”
<b>The rules are simple! You will leave the academy today as the sun rises, and you must be back at the gates by tomorrow at the same time. If you’re not here by then, we’ll dispatch a pursuit unit.<b>
“…..”
He’d figured that would be the case, but it felt bizarre hearing it firsthand.
<b>You’re only allowed to bring back what you’re carrying with you. In other words, you’re not allowed to bring in a horse, a carriage, or any other type of vehicle!<b>
“Understood.”
<b>Then I wish you the best of luck!<b>
“…?”
Yi-han was slightly confused.
‘The rules aren’t as strict as I thought they’d be.’
He expected the academy to impose a limit on the amount of money he was allowed to spend or the number of items he was allowed to bring in, but there was no such clause.
‘What’s going on?’
***
Yi-han ran continuously, and thanks to his effort, he was able to arrive at his destination just as the sun shone directly above his head.
Pilone, the closest village to the academy.
“…So none of the properties around here are owned by nobles?”
“Yup. You must be a student that managed to escape from the academy. Whenever a new semester starts, staff members from Einroguard visit the village and have the followers relocate to a different place.”
“……”
Usually, noble households would not leave immediately after dropping their kids off at the academy.
Instead, they would prepare a property and have servants or slaves run the place so that their kids would have a place to return to during their breaks.
Though Yi-han wasn’t a huge fan of such ostentatious displays of wealth, he’d been banking on them.
He had brought with him the account book containing the students’ signatures, and his plan had been to exchange it for some money.
He didn’t think he’d run into such a setback.
‘This academy of ours is seriously nuts.’
“Where did they relocate to?”
“Grangden City, which is over in that direction.”
“And how long would it take to get there…?”
“A few days on horseback.”
“…..”
Yi-han finally realized why the academy didn’t impose any limits on the amount of money he could spend or the weight and volume of the things he could bring back.
There was no way for students to spend money in the first place, and even if they somehow managed to escape the academy, they would be left in utter despair upon realizing the truth!
“…Do they have to go this far!?”
“Did you say somethin’?”
“Nothing.”
Yi-han raised his head. He wasn’t so easily defeated.
“Where’s the closest merchants’ association?”
“Merchants’ association? There’s one over there…but why?”
“I’m going to borrow some money.”
“…..”
The villager was astonished.
The boy in front of him seemed to be from a distinguished family.
‘Is he going to be alright?’



Chapter 63
High-ranking nobles of the Empire never borrowed money from others.
More specifically, they never “went out of their way” to borrow money from others as it would put a blemish on their reputation.
Of course, there were times when they needed money as well, but merchants that were associated or wished to be associated with them would seek them out before they had to do anything.
They would greet the nobles politely, attempt to make small talks, praise their estate and household, and then offer them money while saying “It’s nothing much, but we hope your distinguished selves will find this useful in supporting your endeavors.”
The nobles would then nod, pretending as if they have no choice but to accept…
The rest of the discussion would be left to the butlers that worked for the nobles.
As a result, high-ranking nobles never had experience asking for money from others.
Then would their descendants be any better? The young masters and mistresses wouldn’t even know where to begin.
That was why Arion, the branch manager of the Caico Merchants’ Association, was shocked when a young man who clearly belonged to a distinguished family came knocking on their doorstep, asking for money.
‘Is he really from the Wardanaz Family?’
***
Despite its size, Pilone was a prosperous village, with lots of people walking about and stores of all nature lining the streets.
Normally, a village like Pilone would only have one inn, but that wasn’t the case here. Several inns were placed side-by-side, each filled with customers.
It wasn’t just Pilone; the villages and cities nearby were also bustling with activities.
The reason was simple: they were close to Einroguard.
Since there was a magic academy in the vicinity, the region was rich in mana, meaning it was a hotspot for dungeons, monsters, and rare materials!
Furthermore, the mages that studied or worked in the academy often required materials and reagents for their experiments.
Where would they get them?
Most mages spent their time sitting before a desk and were fragile as a twig, which meant they’d employ adventurers whenever they needed to gather materials.
Since they were promised rich rewards, adventurers naturally flocked in, and with a fast and steady supply of materials, the mages would become excited, conducting experiments at a rapid pace. However, they’d soon run out of materials and once again rely on the adventurers. Eventually, the Empire’s Minister of Finance would review their monthly invoice and summon Os Gonadaltes in a fit of fury…
Thus, the cycle continued, with all but a select few contents with the system.
Yi-han was glad that this was the case.
As long as he had money, he could purchase most of the things he needed in this village. It was at least better than not being able to purchase what he needed despite having the money.
“That’s why I’d like to borrow some money.”
“B-but Young Master…p-please wait a moment.”
“Is that a no?”
“Definitely not! We are, of course, willing to lend money to the Young Master.”
The goat demihuman branch manager shook his head with both hands raised.
If the young man was truly from the Wardanaz Family, lending him money would definitely benefit them in the long run.
They wouldn’t even need to ask for the money back.
Just the fact that they could form a connection with the Wardanaz Family would be enough.
Arion made up his mind.
‘Right, even if I have to take money out of my own pocket…’
Indeed, the branch manager was troubled by something else.
How much would the young man demand?
If it exceeded his total fortune, he’d have to contact the higher-ups asap and ask for permission…
“How much does the Young Master require?”
Yi-han hesitated, which frightened Arion even more.
Just how much was he going to ask?
“…How about twenty silver coins?”
“…Sorry?”
“…Fifteen would work if twenty’s too much.”
“…..”
Arion became speechless for a moment before he noticed the uniform that the young man was wearing.
It was Einroguard’s uniform.
‘He’s from the magic academy?!?’
And a first year to boot. Arion, who knew of the academy’s crazy rules, was shocked.
How did a freshman manage to escape??
‘Right…he’s a Wardanaz.’
He had no choice but to accept that the young boy before him was really a Wardanaz.
After all, who else could escape from the academy in their first year?
‘I never thought a day would arrive when someone from a distinguished household would come asking for money…but he’s a Wardanaz, after all!’
“Twelve silver coins?”
“N-no, there’s no need to go any lower.”
***
After understanding what was going on, Arion did his best to make Yi-han comfortable.
He first offered a cup of tea and some snacks, after which he said he was willing to lend him money with no strings attached.
However, this made Yi-han suspect Arion’s intentions.
“P-please don’t misunderstand. We’re not trying to conduct any fishy businesses.”
“I think it’s time I go elsewhere…”
“Please! We were just trying to be generous since Young Master Wardanaz doesn’t seem to have anything on him at the moment!”
Arion felt wronged.
What would a freshman from the academy even have? It probably took him everything just to escape.
This wasn’t what Arion had in mind when he made the offer. It should’ve been more like “The money’s not important. I have faith in the Young Master’s integrity.” “Mr. Arion! You’ve got good eyes. In the future, once I make it big, I won’t forget to return the favor!”
“Oh, I see… in that case, I have something that might be worth some money.”
“?”
Arion cocked his head.
It was hard to believe that a freshman that had escaped could have anything worthwhile on him…
‘Is he talking about his staff…?’
Inside, Arion revealed a bitter smile.
It was a misunderstanding that the students often had.
Last year, a third-year student that had escaped from the academy tried to sell his staff but ultimately failed.
The staff that the academy provided wasn’t really that valuable.
“Here’s an account book containing the signatures of all the nobles that owe me money.”
“…..”
Arion’s jaws were about to drop to the floor.
What the actual fuck…!?!?!?
“I was originally planning on going around the neighbourhood collecting money using the account book, but that damned lich *cough* excuse me, the principal has made everyone move to a different city.”
“I see… certainly, this <i>is <i>worth some money.”
The account book could directly be used to exchange for cash. And it wouldn’t end there.
If he sought out the nobles with the account book in hand, he would probably be given a generous reward for helping their family members.
After all, they were all proud individuals!
‘But…’
Though it was tempting, Arion drew the line there.
“Enough. We can lend the Young Master his money.”
“Then this account book—”
“Please keep it.”
“…..”
Yi-han stared at Arion with an expression that said, ‘Is it his first day at the job?’
When borrowing money, it was natural for the lender to retain something from the borrower. It didn’t make sense for Yi-han to keep the account book.
Arion felt like crying.
‘This is supposed to be a gesture of goodwill…!’
There was a reason why Arion decided not to accept the account book.
The account book was like a promise between the Wardanaz Family and the various noble households.
When Young Master Wardanaz visited the nobles’ estates later on, he would be welcomed with open arms.
If Arion were to take the account book away from him, he might be able to make some immediate profits, but the Wardanaz Family would not see him in a good light.
—That sly merchant must’ve tricked Yi-han out of the account book!
Arion didn’t wish to be misunderstood, and he wasn’t going to take any chances, even if it meant losing out on some money.
But in the end, he was still misunderstood as a rookie merchant.
“Young Master, please take a moment to consider. You hail from the Wardanaz Family. What difference does it make for me to have the account book or not?”
“You’re right, but still…”
“…Would you like a tour of the village? There must be a lot of things that you need.”
Arion quickly changed the topic of their conversation.
He knew what an escapee like Yi-han needed.
“I would appreciate that, but you won’t take me to stores affiliated with your merchants’ association, will you?” asked Yi-han, nodding.
“…Of course not!”
Arion was beginning to question whether Yi-han was from the Wardanaz Family or the Wardanaz Merchant’s Group.
The boy before him had none of the naivety that young masters often had.
“?”
Arion was about to follow Yi-han out of the room when he realized that all the snacks were gone.
‘Did he eat them? Strange, I don’t remember him eating…’
That was when he noticed that Yi-han’s pockets were full.
‘…Surely not…’
***
“Would you like these cream puffs? They were made by one of our best pâtissiers. The young masters of the academy would no doubt appreciate the rich fragrance of the cream contained within them.”
“No need. I’d like you to recommend things that are small and easy to store.
“…..”
“…..”
Yi-han was like a quartermaster stocking up food for a war.
Anything big, easily spoiled, or hard to store was rejected, regardless of their taste.
He pursued maximum storage and efficiency.
“These canned goods…”
“Aren’t their designs wonderful? They’ve been popular recently in the Empire.”
“What’s up with their shape? I can’t store them properly!”
“…..”
It took Yi-han less than a second to reject the items.
Arion was seriously beginning to consider whether to offer Yi-han a seat at their merchants’ association after he graduated from the academy.
He would definitely make a fine merchant…
Yi-han personally selected the items he would purchase, measured their weights and volumes, and stored them in boxes of his choosing.
“Please wait, Young Master. You can’t bring a carriage into the academy. The principal would scold us if you do.”
“I know. I’m planning on bringing them back myself.”
“….!?!?!”
It wasn’t just Arion that was shocked.
Even his employees were looking at him with eyes that said, ‘Boss, you should talk him out of this!’
“No, I’m sure he has his own plans.”
In the end, Arion remained quiet.
He had accepted it by now.
This young master from the Wardanaz Family was someone blessed with the talent of a merchant.
He must have a plan in mind!
“Next, let’s head to a tailor shop. A suit will be promptly prepared for the Young Master after taking his measurements.”
“?”
Yi-han stared at him, not comprehending the situation.
“Pardon me for asking…but aren’t those rags uncomfortable?”
The uniforms that the students wore at the academy seemed rough and uncomfortable. This was something even the workers could tell.
However, Yi-han didn’t think much of it.
“Not really. I don’t mind.”
“!?”
“But we <i>do <i>need some clothes…”
Arion was relieved to hear this.
‘So he intends to buy clothes!’
“Instead of a tailor shop, bring me to a drapery store.”
“…Does the Young Master plan on making them himself…?”
“Yeah, is there something wrong with that?”
“…..”
Arion became lightheaded when he saw Yi-han browse through all the cloths in the drapery store, selecting only the most durable ones.
‘There must be something going on between the first years of the academy!’
“Why are these cloths cheaper?”
“They’re no longer in fashion…”
“Then please bring me ones that are similar to this. By the way, between these two, which one is more waterproof?”
Just like with the food, Yi-han displayed a surprising level of expertise when selecting the cloths.
Among the various products in the store, Yi-han was selecting only the cream of the crop.
Both the branch manager and the owner of the drapery store had to admit that the young boy from the Wardanaz Family was dominating the scene!



Chapter 64
“I think I have everything now.”
Yi-han’s shopping frenzy had finally come to an end, and he had purchased much more than just food and clothes.
He had also visited bookstores and seed stores, among many others.
—I’d like a stack of cheap, durable paper! Oh, and would you happen to have a book with illusion magic cast on it? Preferably one that can trick a professor’s eyes.
—Which of these seeds and seedlings are edible?
Arion’s employees were beyond impressed.
‘He’ll have no trouble surviving on a deserted island!’
“By the way, where’s the stable?”
“Stable?”
Arion was puzzled. As previously mentioned, students weren’t allowed to ride anything into the academy.
However, he wasn’t going to question it.
The young master of the Wardanaz Family probably had something in mind.
***
Stable Amir was bustling with customers, leaving its owner, Amir, with barely a moment to blink.
Just today, he had already provided counsel to a group of adventurers who wished to purchase a new mount. Furthermore, he had hurriedly made space at the top of the tower for a customer that wished to entrust their Thunder Eagle to his care.
Running a stable in a village frequented by adventurers required an exceptional level of knowledge and skill.
Besides horses, one had to possess expertise in handling various types of mounts found throughout the Empire.
An interesting customer arrived just as he was about to catch his breath.
‘A student from Einroguard?’
“Hello.”
“Welcome to Stable Amir. How may I help you?”
“I was wondering if there’s anyone here that has direct dealings with the academy.”
“!”
Amir was surprised as the student was right.
Although the magic academy situated in the mountain range was a subject of fear, it still attracted visitors.
Merchants that had a contract with the academy would frequently bring in supplies, and adventurers that had completed their tasks would sometimes arrive to meet the mage that had requested their assistance.
In addition, whenever someone caused trouble outside, an imperial edict would come flying in.
But to those in the know, the front gates of Einroguard were notorious for being difficult to pass through.
It was to the point where there was a saying that went, ‘You’d die of old age before managing to reach the other side’.
That was why people in a hurry would either fly over the front gates or access the academy via the underground passage. As long as they could prove their identities, they were allowed to pass through.
“We do. Why do you ask?”
“Then can you arrange for someone to bring me out of the academy on a certain date? I’d be willing to pay, of course.”
“..!”
Yi-han’s purpose in coming here was to strategize his next escape.
His tenacity would’ve left even the principal impressed.
It was a beautiful day outside, perfect for enjoying snacks and taking in the village scenery, yet here he was, contemplating the next escape.
Amir could sense the burning desire in Yi-han’s eyes.
‘What a child!’
The stable owner stared at Yi-han, amazed.
He knew what kind of place Einroguard was based on rumors—a strict and merciless institution where students constantly strived to escape.
Yet a freshman was out here making such bold plans.
Not even the tribes residing in the harshest environments of the Empire could boast of having many individuals as daring as him.
‘I want to help him out.’
Amir, who was instantly captivated by Yi-han’s bold nature, wished to offer the student his assistance.
However, there was a problem.
“That…would be difficult.”
“May I ask why?”
“I’ve entered the academy several times with some of my customers, but the academy was extremely strict when it came to verifying their identities.”
Granted, it was easier than passing through the front gates, but flying over them posed a challenge of its own.
Those that wished to enter through the skies had to first stop at a predetermined location.
The academy would then signal them that someone would arrive to check their identities.
If they were indeed scheduled to enter, they would be allowed in.
“But you just said you were able to enter several times in the past…can’t you make up a random excuse?”
“Yes, I can, but entering’s not the issue here. It’s when we exit. They verify your identity when you exit as well.”
“…!”
In other words, if Amir entered the academy alone, riding an eagle, they would verify that he was on an eagle by himself when it came time for him to leave.
They would make sure that no one was hiding by casting several spells, so it was near impossible to sneak someone out.
Yi-han’s expression became dark when he heard this.
‘Damn it. How far are they willing to go?’
In his opinion, ‘How far are you willing to go?’ should’ve been the academy’s slogan.
“But it’s not as if all hope is lost.”
Amir lit a thick cigar and began to smoke.
“?”
“Try to get yourself a mount without an owner. If you do, you can leave with me if I happen to have visited the academy.”
“…?”
Yi-han couldn’t follow what Amir was saying.
Wouldn’t he be caught while leaving?
“I thought they check our identities when we leave?”
“See, there’s a caveat to that. I only learned of this by chance… They’re extremely strict when it comes to checking the identities of visitors entering and leaving, but they aren’t as meticulous when it comes to its residents leaving.”
This was probably because professors often had business outside the academy, and it would be a hassle to check them each time.
Once in the past, Amir happened to leave the academy at the same time as a professor. While they checked him several times, they let the professor pass without sparing even a glance.
“If you leave on your own, there’s still a good chance of being caught. But if I’m there with you, their attention will be on me. This would raise your chances by a bit.”
‘How the heck am I supposed to find a mount that’s without an owner?’
The idea of stealing someone’s mount sounded tempting, but…
“Just a reminder, but don’t try to steal a mount that has an owner already.”
“But of course. I would never do such a thing.”
Amir nodded and chuckled, satisfied with the response.
“Yeah, it would be barbaric to forcefully separate a mount from its owner.”
“…”
Yi-han had given up on the idea, thinking that mages would probably have alarm spells cast on their mounts. However, upon seeing the look of satisfaction on Amir’s face, he chose not to say anything.
“There are still a lot of uncertainties in the plan…but this is the best shot I’ve got at the moment.”
‘But how am I supposed to find a mount inside the academy?’
‘And the security might be less strict, but what if they make me lower my hood? I’d be caught immediately!’
These were his honest thoughts, but he didn’t voice them out loud. After all, such complaints were for the weak and undetermined.
‘I must do it, one way or another. After all, that’s the only option I have right now!’
“…I’ll be in your care!”
“Splendid! I knew you weren’t a normal student from the way your eyes gleamed. From now on, I’ll visit the academy every 2 weeks, at midnight on Saturday. If you’ve obtained a mount, find me at the stable located at the top of the tower. I’ll wait for an hour each time I visit. If you’re there, we can leave together.”
Yi-han nodded, but then became curious about something.
Although he had promised to pay, it didn’t seem worth it for Amir to go through so much trouble.
After all, there was no guarantee that Yi-han would be there. To visit every other week and wait an hour each time…
“Pardon me… but may I ask why you’re willing to help me?”
Amir grinned while scratching his beard.
“The academy is making its students suffer by imposing cruel rules. People in my hometown loathe such things. How could I remain a bystander when there’s a student trying to fight against injustice!”
“…Thank you!”
Yi-han was moved.
Turned out justice and kindness existed outside the academy!
***
His holiday was coming to an end, and taking into consideration how long it took to return to the academy, he didn’t have much time left.
‘There’s still one place that I have to visit.’
Yi-han quickly rushed to .
Not all mages worked as officials for the Empire. Some mages joined adventurers and made a living out of completing quests, whereas others set up small workshops in towns and villages and offered their service to the citizens.
Yi-han was visiting one such workshop.
“…?”
Valdoron was baffled by the appearance of a student from a magic academy.
‘Why would an academy student visit my workshop?’
Valdoron was only a 3rd circle mage, which was only equivalent to a second or third-year student from Einroguard.
The academy should have several grand mages, so why would someone visit his tiny workshop?
Not to mention, the student didn’t seem like your average Joe.
Although Yi-han was dressed in rags, from the way he spoke and conducted himself, it was clear to Valdoron that the student hailed from a distinguished family of nobles.
“…To what do I owe this pleasure?”
“I’m here to consult you about magic.”
“…..”
Valdoron was stunned.
‘Is he here to pick a fight?’
Maybe the young mage was looking down on him and his workshop…
“Please speak.”
Nevertheless, he’d already received payment, so Valdoron decided not to jump the guns.
“See, I’m trying to enter a certain tower, but spells that prevent intruders have been cast on it. Since you’re an expert at illusion magic, I was wondering if you could give me some advice on how to get past them.”
“…..”
Valdoron was once again at a loss.
It was clear as day which tower Yi-han was referring to.
‘He must be talking about one of the towers in Einroguard!’
Upon closer inspection, Yi-han’s uniform seemed to belong to a first-year student, which blew Valdoron’s mind.
This freshman wasn’t content with simply escaping from the academy and had come to ask about how to get past the academy’s alarm spells.
‘…He’s bound to make it big in the future!’
Valdoron was in awe. Back when he was young, he used to smoke and hang out with his friends all day…
“Countless spells exist that can prevent intruders; it’s simply impossible for a mage to know all of them. A skilled mage would be able to analyze the spell, and an even greater mage would know how to dispel them. However…”
Valdoron trailed off.
This was a matter of knowledge and experience.
A skilled robber would have the blueprint of tens of thousands of locks in their mind.
Even if they encountered a lock that they’d never seen before, they could compare the new lock with the ones they’d already picked and quickly grasp the new lock’s structure.
This analogy could be applied to getting past spells.
Only someone equipped with the knowledge of countless alarm spells could quickly determine whether the spell they were examining contained similarities to other spells.
Without the appropriate knowledge and experience, even a genius would have to give up on dispelling them.
“This…requires vast amounts of knowledge and experience. I can share information about some of the spells that I know of, but if you’re not familiar with them, dispelling them would be impossible. You might as well resort to forcefully breaking it down…”
Valdoron paused for a moment as he had said the last bit without thinking.
Dispelling spells quietly and effectively was a difficult task. However, forcefully breaking down spells wasn’t easy either.
In fact, it was even harder in some sense.
Since they were talking about spells that had been cast on the academy, they were bound to contain huge amounts of mana. It would require a tremendous amount of force to destabilize such spells.
It wasn’t realistic in the slightest.
“…Pardon me. Forget what I’ve just said.”
“No, please tell me about that in further detail.”
“?!!”



Chapter 65
Valdoron panicked when he heard the request.
He felt distressed knowing that his offhand comment had given the young mage false hope.
The method he was referring to was a dangerous one, one that could cost the mage his life.
Breaking apart spells required a tremendous amount of mana, and if the student wasn’t familiar with the spell, it could lead to devastating consequences.
However, Yi-han wasn’t about to back down.
“Please tell me the method. I promise to be careful when using it.”
“Still…”
“You’ve accepted my payment.”
“…Very well.”
Valdoron ended up conceding.
Having accepted the payment, he was duty-bound to fulfil the customer’s wishes.
“First of all, you’ll need a <i>lot<i> of mana. Much more than what you have in your body. I suggest getting some mana stones and setting up a formation.”
Formations and mana stones were often used by mages to make up for their lack of mana.
Casting high-level magic required an equally high amount of mana, and sometimes it wasn’t realistic to use one’s own mana reserve.
Hence, mages drew formations to gather mana in one place or carried jewels charged with mana to serve as extra batteries.
“Have you learned how to draw formations?”
“We’re learning to draw them right now.”
Yi-han recalled his lessons on .
Drawing formations was like solving complicated math problems.
Rather than intuition, it demanded patience and an understanding of mathematics, which meant students had to put in a lot of time and effort.
This was why many students were struggling in class.
Most students only knew how to add or subtract numbers. Having them solve equations involving postulates and rules was way out of their comfort zone, and some students developed mental trauma as a result.
“Good. Once you’ve drawn the formation, you must control the mana that flows out of it.”
Yi-han would have to control the mana that the formation has gathered before dumping it all on the spell he was trying to break.
It sounded simple enough, but this was a difficult task when put into practice.
Controlling it was one thing; dumping it all out without hesitation was another matter altogether.
Having the mana flow out like a river wouldn’t suffice. It would have to gush out relentlessly like a broken-down dam.
This was something most mages weren’t familiar with.
After all, they were used to meticulously calculating the amount of mana they used in each of their spells. They rarely had any experience dealing with such a massive quantity of mana.
“Hmm…should be easy enough.”
Valdoron let out a deep sigh when he heard this.
Despite all his warnings, Yi-han wasn’t taking this seriously.
Hubris, a flaw all geniuses suffered from.
This was also why those with talent often died before those without. They would blindly trust in their talent and engage in reckless experiments that ultimately get them killed.
To some extent, this was to be expected of someone that had enrolled into Einroguard and escaped in their freshmen year.
‘Alas.’
Valdoron decided to confront the young mage overflowing with talent with the harsh reality.
The youngster before him would no doubt become a grand magus in the future. He felt unqualified to teach such an outstanding individual, but he felt compelled to do so.
“<i>Coveting the moon, I draw upon the water that reflects it.<i>”
Valdoron took out some powder that had been ground from a Moon-night Stone and began chanting a complicated spell with his staff in hand.
He drew upon his mana as he completed the lengthy incantation, successfully casting the third-circle spell, .
This illusion spell had the power to neutralize enemies that ambushed him during the night. It was a spell that all illusion mages aspired to learn and one that brought Valdoron great pride and joy.
“!”
Yi-han was stunned.
Valdoron should’ve been sitting on the other side of the table, but it felt as if the distance between them was much greater.
He had a sneaking suspicion that he would be brought to a foreign space if he tried to take a step forward.
Valdoron, who had cast the spell, opened his mouth to warn Yi-han.
“It might not look like much, but I advise against moving around.”
“The moment I do, I’ll find myself trapped in a maze, correct?”
“…..”
Valdoron didn’t know what to say in response.
He was wondering how Yi-han had figured it out so quickly.
Did he know about this spell beforehand? From the boy’s expression, that didn’t seem likely.
That left only one explanation.
The youngster had deduced it based on the nature of the mana emanating from the spell.
‘What an amazing sensitivity to magic.’
“…Yes. Anyway, the reason why I cast this spell was to show you how difficult it is to forcibly break a spell.”
“I see…”
Yi-han was impressed by the kindness Valdoron was showing him.
At the very least, Valdoron was a much better teacher than the professors in Einroguard.
He first explained the theory behind what they were learning, helped Yi-han set realistic goals, and even told him why these goals were important.
Tears welled up in Yi-han’s eyes as he compared this lesson with the times he had spent suffering under Professor Bolady’s ruthless training,
“Now, try having a go at it. Take as much time as you need, but you must stop before it gets too dangerous.”
“Thank you.”
“?”
Valdoron noticed the look of respect in Yi-han’s eyes and grew confused.
‘What’s with the exaggerated response…?’
***
<b><i>Kwang!<i><b>
The explosion was contained inside the workshop, but Valdoron had clearly heard the distinct sound of a spell breaking down as mana collided.
‘How is this possible!?’
Valdoron’s eyes were about to pop out.
Once. It only took Yi-han once to succeed.
To make matters worse, it didn’t seem like Yi-han had exerted himself in the slightest.
The youngster didn’t even bother drawing a formation. He lightly tapped into his mana and threw it at the spell, almost as if to test the waters.
Yet that alone had been enough to shatter .
Yi-han’s mana had surged like a tsunami, obliterating the spell that Valdoron had painstakingly created.
Valdoron couldn’t comprehend what had just happened.
While the youngster may be a genius, that was hardly enough time to gather the necessary mana.
And even if he <i>did<i> somehow manage to pull it off in that time frame, it still didn’t make sense for him to control it so effortlessly.
Unless he’d been born with an immense mana supply and had grown accustomed to handling it, much like how people breathe in air, such a precise control seemed absurd.
It was as preposterous a notion as a first-time sailor knowing what to do when faced with a storm.
How in the world…?
“Thank you for your guidance!”
Yi-han expressed his gratitude, unaware of what Valdoron was experiencing.
“Huh…?”
“It was thanks to Mr. Valdoron’s teachings that I had this epiphany!”
“…..”
For a brief moment, he wondered if Yi-han was mocking him.
Perhaps a deranged professor from Einroguard had disguised himself as a freshman and left the academy just to pick a fight with him.
But the innocence in the youngster’s eyes seemed too genuine for that to be the case.
For the time being, he decided to accept the gratitude.
“…It’s nothing worth mentioning. The credit’s all yours…”
“No, this is my first time meeting someone that can teach as well as you, Mr. Valdoron.”
“Please don’t say that when you’re with others!”
Valdoron was about to be at his wit’s end.
If one of Einroguad’s crazy professors heard this, they might turn him into a frog out of spite.
Yi-han gave a serious bow.
“I’ll visit Mr. Valdoron again the next time I visit the town.”
“No need, no need. There’s nothing for me to teach you anymore.”
What he wished to say was “Don’t come anymore!” but he couldn’t in good conscience voice this out loud to a customer that had paid.
In the end, he could only resort to saying he had nothing to teach.
However, this only served to further Yi-han’s respect.
‘How modest of him!’
The boughs that bore most hung lowest. In Yi-han’s eyes, Valdoron’s modesty was a sign of his virtue.
He admired Valdoron for serving the community by setting up a workshop in a small town.
‘The more exceptional a mage is, the less they like to travel. Valdoron must’ve set up his workshop as a pastime of sorts.’
“Until next time!”
Yi-han left while feeling grateful for this encounter.
For quite some time, Valdoron sat there, dazed, but eventually stood up and flipped the signboard on the door that read “Open” to “Close”.
Then, he flipped open his textbook on illusions that he’d been neglecting.
…Whether this would be of any help, no one knew, but at least it was better than nothing.
***
“…Sir, why are you here…?”
Principal Skelly was floating next to Professor Garcia, who was standing guard at the front gates.
There was absolutely no need for the principal to be there.
Principal Skelly seldom went out of his way to do something that wasn’t part of his responsibilities, which meant he was doing this for his own amusement!
‘He must be hoping that Yi-han arrives late.’
The number of students that received exit permits was abysmal compared to the number of students attempting to escape from the academy.
Those that were fortunate enough to receive one would leave in a jubilant mood, but the academy wasn’t exactly sending them off with their best wishes.
All sorts of traps would lie ahead of the students.
They would soon realize the hopelessness of their situations and despair.
Without a penny to their name, they would barely hold out until they were dragged back, kicking and screaming.
And that would be their last time stepping out of the academy, as the requirement for receiving the second exit permit was much higher than the first.
“Since exit permits are meant to be rewards, shouldn’t we let the students enjoy themselves when they’re out…?”
<b>Ah, you’re still too naïve, Professor Garcia. If you’re too soft on the students, they would become spoiled and weak.<b>
“…..”
<b>A true mage is one that’s born from—<b>
“Alright, let’s stop right there.”
Garcia interjected before Principal Skelly could finish.
She was sick and tired of hearing him say ‘A true mage is one that’s born from trials’ all the time.
What were they going to do with this ancient mage…
<b>I’m looking forward to seeing his expression.<b>
“…You might be disappointed. After all, Yi-han’s not your average student.”
<b>Hm, you have a point.<b>
Surprisingly, Principal Skelly didn’t refute her claim, showing how highly he evaluated Yi-han.
<b>But this has nothing to do with his talent in magic or his strong mentality. He would need to have money to purchase items, but he won’t have anywhere to earn them. Even if he <b><b><i>does <i><b><b>acquire funds, he’d be limited in the things he could bring back… And the deadline’s fast approaching! The smarter he thinks he is, the more challenging the time he’ll have to decide what to bring back. Oh, how I wish time would flow faster! Hunting him down would be so much fun.<b>
“You should keep your thoughts to yourself, sir.”
Though she said this, Professor Garcia agreed with most of what Principal Skelly said.
The majority of students that left using an exit permit returned after being captured. This was the result of them being too greedy, thinking to themselves, ‘Things might turn out for the better if I have a bit more time!’
Upon arriving in town and confronting the harsh reality, students would have to swiftly recalculate what to bring back. If they attempted to acquire everything they needed, they would find themselves caught in Principal Skelly’s trap…
“?!?!”
<b><i>Pak!<i><b>
A massive figure appeared atop the hill in front of the academy’s main gate.
For a split second, Professor Garcia thought it was a Giant or a Troll, but that turned out to be wrong.
It was Yi-han, carrying a mountain load of luggage.
“…..”
The two senior mages were dumbfounded by the “solution” that the young mage had come up with.
However, that was just the beginning.
When he reached the top of the hill, they saw several boxes floating behind him.
Principal Skelly had to give it to him.
<b>…Professor Bolady has done a bloody good job of teaching his student.<b>



Chapter 66
Not only was he carrying a mountain of supplies, but he was also employing on the boxes floating behind him.
In situations like this, any other mage would have resorted to higher-level spells, as was not meant to be utilized in such a manner!
Its intended application was to assist the user in moving objects like quills and erasers. At best, it could lift a marble…
Such performance was beyond impressive. In fact, it was even freakish to some extent.
Could this still be considered a first-circle spell??
“And he’s using a physical enhancement spell as well! Who taught him that??”
Professor Garcia, who had been marveling at the boxes floating behind Yi-han, finally took notice of the aura of magic that surrounded his body.
The mana was arranged in an intricate manner, assisting his movement.
There was only one such type of magic: physical enhancement.
Physical enhancement spells were popular as their effects were immediately apparent, but they required channeling magic into a human body, so the repercussions were just as great.
Unlike seasoned mercenaries and veteran adventurers, most students had frail bodies as they spent most of their time sitting before a desk with a quill in hand. This was why they weren’t taught physical enhancement spells early on…
‘Then where could he have learned it?’
<b>That’s a great question.<b>
Principal Skelly feigned ignorance, maintaining a constant expression that truly embodied a lich-like demeanor.
“Maybe he learned it through one of the books in the library. I should’ve given him a warning…”
<b>Oh, don’t be like that, Professor Garcia. The students won’t be able to grow properly if we keep imposing restrictions like that.<b>
<i>‘Is <i>he<i> the one behind this?’<i>
Professor Garcia grew suspicious of Principal Skelly.
She had no physical evidence, but her intuition told her that he was the culprit!
***
, the spell that Yi-han was forced to learn, was quite unique in nature.
Usually, physical enhancement spells only affected one particular aspect or field, such as strength or agility.
This was especially true of lower-circle magic.
After all, if one became too greedy with a lower-circle spell, it could turn into a bizarre magic that nobody could master.
was precisely one such example.
A bizarre first-circle spell that enhanced the user’s strength, agility, cardiovascular endurance, and reflex!
And for that reason, it was difficult to learn as well.
If it was a simple magic that only enhanced the user’s strength, all one had to do was imagine an invincible warrior. If it enhanced the user’s agility, an image of a swift bird would suffice.
Combining all four into one image wasn’t as easy.
-I see why it has Gonadaltes inside its name.
Yi-han gritted his teeth as he complained to the black book.
In some cases, a spell would bear the name of the mage who created it.
This served both as an honor to the mage for their accomplishment and as a signpost indicating the nature of the magic.
The fact that “Gonadaltes” was included in the spell’s name was a clear indication that it was a dogshit of a spell to learn!
‘Since it contains the phrase nimble footsteps, shouldn’t it only boost the user’s agility? At least make the name match the spell’s effects!’
Yi-han had to go through countless trials and errors to roughly figure out the approach to this spell.
He possessed a rich imagination and was flexible in his thoughts, which, unbeknownst to him, were even greater advantages than his abundant mana.
Utilizing these strengths, Yi-han imagined what Principal Skelly would’ve been like in his youthful days.
As a matter of course, he had no idea what Principal Skelly actually looked like in the past, but he tried to envision what he <i>may <i>have looked like by tapping into his creativity.
Someone composed, yet with a hint of madness in his eyes. A nasty personality to go along his sharp and aggressive nature. Agility and physique that only a battle junkie would have…
He also imagined the individual adorned in dark attire and wielding a staff in a menacing manner, creating the perfect image of a malevolent mage that could appear as an antagonist of any story.
‘He’d have to be one hell of a monster.’
A mage that was strong, agile, tough, and had quick reflexes.
And the image worked. The spell which he kept failing at had begun to take shape.
–<i>My footsteps reign over the earth!<i>
<i>-My footsteps reign over the earth!<i>
<i>-My footsteps reign over the earth!<i>
He kept chanting and chanting.
After what felt like an eternity, Yi-han finally managed to pull it off. The mana from the spell enveloped him, embedding itself in his body as a tattoo would.
Not only did he experience a boost to his strength and agility, but his cardiovascular endurance and reflex grew as well.
<b><i>Paririririk!<i><b>
The black book flap, as if to congratulate Yi-han’s success.
However, the satisfaction that he felt was short-lived as he suddenly remembered something.
-Wait a second. What about the repercussions? Since it affects so many aspects of my body…
Before he could finish his sentence, the black book chased him out of the imaginary space.
***
Despite feeling ill at ease, Yi-han had no choice but to use the spell as he had too many things to carry back.
After casting , he used the method that Professor Ingurdel had taught in class to circulate mana within his body.
…Quite frankly, however, he wasn’t circulating the mana.
Due to his lack of sufficient control, he ended up releasing most of it into his surroundings.
But that was enough to lighten the burden and keep his body well-protected.
Afterwards, he blasted the boxes with .
At this point, even Professor Ingurdel would’ve struggled to circulate mana properly.
Taking into consideration the enormous amount of mana involved, a regular mage would’ve fainted after taking a few steps…
‘How boring, he’s still overflowing with mana.’
Principal Skelly complained in his heart.
Yi-han must’ve used , but he seemed just fine, much to the principal’s dissatisfaction.
‘It’s just a first-circle spell. How bad could it be?’ Those that learned the spell before him had all arrived at this conclusion, only to miserably collapse after depleting their mana, a sight which brought great pleasure to the spell’s creator.
All of Principal Skelly’s disciples had gone through this, pleasing their master to no end.
A first-circle spell it may be, but its difficulty, mana consumption, and effect were far from being at the first-circle!
…and yet Yi-han wasn’t affected by any of this.
<b>Welcome back…<b>
Yi-han was delighted to see the disgruntled look on the lich’s face as it meant he had managed to pass all the traps.
“Thank you, Principal, for this occasion. I won’t forget the kindness you’ve shown today.”
“Yi-han, there’s no need for you to thank him,” said Professor Garcia.
It wasn’t out of kindness that the principal had allowed him to leave. It was because of his stunning accomplishment.
<b>He’s a polite one, isn’t he, Professor Garcia?<b>
The professor ignored the principal’s words.
“Yi-han, once you’re back in your room, make sure to rest after drinking a recovery potion. I recommend taking a long nap.”
“…..”
He had mentally prepared himself, but Professor Garcia’s warning made him nervous.
‘Should I have refrained from using the spell? Was this part of his trap?’
“Understood.”
After nodding, Yi-han gave a bow before entering the academy through the front gates.
Professor Garcia was watching him enter with a smile on her face when Principal Skelly opened his mouth.
<b>Wait. Where did he acquire the funds?<b>
“…!”
***
Before he collapsed, Yi-han did everything that he had to do.
He unpacked, explained what happened to his friends, and drank a recovery potion…
“?”
Afterwards, he slept like a log, but he was surprised to find out the next morning that—
‘I’m completely fine?’
In fact, he felt <i>too <i>fine, to the point where he became nervous. After all, feeling fine when one clearly shouldn’t was a bad sign in itself.
Yi-han carefully walked out of his room.
“Wardanaz!”
Several students of the Blue Dragons were anxiously waiting for him in the resting lounge.
“Wardanaz!! You’ve woken up!”
“We were worried!”
Some of them even had tears in their eyes, which left Yi-han confused.
‘What’s this?’
Are they trying to pretend as if they care after seeing how much food I’ve brought back?
“I did push myself, but aren’t you guys blowing this way out of proportion?”
“Huh? Are we? Gainando told us that you might die…”
“…..”
Instead of replying, Yi-han sat down on one of the chairs.
Some of the items that he had brought back were quietly sitting in one corner of the resting lounge as they were too big to store in his room.
Now that he looked at them…
‘I <i>did<i> bring back a crazy amount, didn’t I?’
Though he was proud of himself, it felt ridiculous at the same time.
How in the world did he bring all these back?
“I took care of your horse while you were gone.”
“Thanks, Yonaire…but that horse has one hell of a temper. Were you okay?”
“Really?”
Yonaire cocked her head.
“Nothing happened, though? I was able to feed it and wash it without any trouble.”
“…..”
Yi-han was about to erupt.
‘This son of a…’
The horse had given him so much trouble, yet it became quiet the moment he was gone?
Maybe it was because he had been too harsh on the horse, and it became grateful to Yonaire.
But still…
‘It better be prepared now that I’m back.’
“Here, have some hot chocolate.”
Yi-han received the cup of hot chocolate. Although his body was fine, he still felt fatigued, so the sweet chocolate came as a great delight to him.
Yi-han rummaged through his pocket, much to Yonaire’s confusion.
“What are you searching for?”
“A silver coin.”
“…I don’t need it. Just drink…”
Yi-han stared at Yonaire, feeling deeply moved.
Yonaire, on the other hand, stared at him incredulously.
After getting himself back together, Yi-han let out a deep sigh.
“So it’s the start of another week…”
Everyone in the room nodded, no longer as energetic as before.
The confidence that they had at the beginning of the second week was nowhere to be found.
What horrifying trials awaited them on the third week?
“Did everyone complete their assignments?”
“Yeah…if you can even call them that.”
“They’re piles of garbage…”
Yi-han felt slightly apologetic after seeing everyone turn away.
‘Maybe I shouldn’t have asked.’
“Since we’ve completed Professor Uregor’s assignment, all that’s left is to obtain the White Tiger’s flag.”
“…..”
Everyone’s expression froze at the mention of the White Tiger’s flag.
Professor Skelly’s assignment from .
They still weren’t sure what the purpose of this class was, but they had an assignment to complete.
“Has anyone tried?”
“They won’t budge no matter what we say.”
“Damn it. I tried to bribe one of them using a piece of candy, but it failed at the last step! I was almost there as well…!”
“…..”
The Blue Dragons hadn’t been idle while Yi-han was gone.
They put in a lot of effort trying to come up with a solution.
They tried sneaking in but were bounced off by the tower’s barrier. They attempted bribery, but failed due to interference from other students of the White Tigers. They also resorted to forgery and other methods, but they all ended in failure.
Gainando, who arrived late, raised his voice.
“Can’t we just negotiate and exchange flags?”
“What nonsense are you spouting!?”
“Have you forgotten the pain those bastards inflicted upon Wardanaz!?”
“?”
Yi-han paused for a moment.
‘It wasn’t that bad though…?’
“Relax. I’ve thought of a method.”
“!”
Everyone quieted down to listen to Yi-han.
Gainando tried to guess what he was about to say.
“You plan on exchanging, right? There’s no other way.”
“Nope. We’ll infiltrate their tower at night.”
“…As expected of Wardanaz!”
The Blue Dragons erupted in cheer upon hearing his words.



Chapter 67
The students of the Blue Dragon, who arrived belatedly, were puzzled by the noisy scene in the lounge and asked, "What's going on?"
"Word has it that Wardanaz will raid the White Tiger to steal their flag!"
"Wow! I've been waiting for this!"
Each new arrival joined in with cheers upon hearing the situation.
"Shouldn't we consider a trade instead?" Gainando murmured, still unconvinced.
Yi-Han, curious, asked, "Why do you think that?"
"A trade would allow us to complete the task safely, without any danger."
"True, but we concluded it's not possible because we can't trust the White Tiger guys."
"They seemed trustworthy this time."
"Why?"
"They were nice to me, offering bread and milk..."
Yi-Han was shocked. In their current situation, where even their own food was scarce, giving away bread and milk couldn't be mere kindness. A half piece of bread might be considered kind, but more than that hinted at a darker motive. 'Were they trying to bribe Gainando?'
'Why him, though? Now that I think about it, Gainando is a prime target.'
His status granted him influence (though the White Tiger students probably didn't know the exact dynamics of the Blue Dragon), and he seemed easy enough to manipulate...
After a brief contemplation, Yi-Han decided, "Alright, Gainando. Let's try your way before the attack."
"Really?"
"Yes. Go tell the White Tiger guys I've changed my mind."
"Aren't you going to tell the others?"
Gainando was puzzled. Shouldn't they inform their excited friends about the change in plans?
"They won't accept your brilliant plan."
"That makes sense. I'll go and talk to them!"
Gainando left confidently. Yonaire, having overheard their conversation, looked worried.
Yi-Han, understanding Yonaire's concern, nodded, "Don't worry. The White Tiger guys might be nasty, but they won't harm Gainando in the current situation."
"I was worried Gainando might betray us."
"Gainando's not like that, is he?"
"But you never know. Wish we had a potion to prevent betrayal."
Yi-Han felt a slight fear of Yonaire.
Besides, Gainando is your cousin!
"All set?"
"Yes, it's done."
The White Tiger students were satisfied with the elegant flag. Surprisingly, they were seriously considering a flag exchange… With a fake flag!
The idea to exchange a fake flag for a real one was quite ingenious. It wasn't easy, though. They had to deceive the sharp-eyed Blue Dragon students. So, they went to the Black Tortoise's underground market over the weekend, trading precious rabbit meat for fabric and dye. It was a painful sacrifice, given their hunger, but necessary.
"Moradi! It's done! The prince has fallen for it! He wants to set a time and place for the exchange! We agreed to meet tomorrow when the sun is overhead, in front of the main building!"
Anglago, a satyr student from the White Tiger, excitedly announced after meeting Gainando.
"Indeed! Well done, Anglago!"
"After treating him to such precious food, it's the least I could do!"
While everyone clapped and stomped their feet in excitement, Jijel still wore a look of unease.
Next to her, the dwarf student, Dukma, asked, "What's wrong, Moradi? Is there a problem?"
"I'm still not sure if that prince is of any use..."
Jijel had a reason for her unease. In any group, the leader always had a distinct aura. Reluctantly, she had to admit that even Yi-Han of the Wardanaz family possessed such a presence.
Even if not a leader, anyone with a certain standing in a group couldn't help but show it, but Prince Gainando strangely lacked this quality.
"Moradi, trust Anglago's judgment. That prince will surely prove to be a useful leverage."
"Right. I agree."
As Dukma sided with Anglago, the other students joined in.
Jijel thought, 'What does this kid, full of confidence but no ability, know?'
Of course, she wasn't swayed by the friendship of such friends. Objectively, Anglago wasn't particularly talented. If he were, he wouldn't have run away crying when they faced Wardanaz with three people!
But Jijel chose to remain silent. Even though she acted like a leader in the White Tiger, she couldn't always have her way. Her friends, who followed her commands, trusting her abilities and family, were also people with feelings and complaints.
If she pushed her commands too forcefully, it could backfire. Sometimes, she needed to show she was listening to her friends, who, being knights, were very sensitive to such pride.
"Alright. If Anglago insists so, it must be right."
"Hehe."
Anglago scratched the back of his head with a shy smile.
'Even if it fails, it's just a fake flag.'
Even if the trade failed or the other side prepared a trap, they wouldn't suffer much damage since it was just a fake flag. At most, they would lose a fake flag that had no use.
With this thought, Jijel nodded and said, "Okay then, let's disperse. We'll try the exchange tomorrow."
"Understood!"
During the night, when everyone was asleep, Yi-Han and his friends moved out of the tower under the cover of darkness. Surprisingly, it wasn't just the students of the Blue Dragon; there was also one from the Black Tortoise.
It was Ratford, a professional thief.
"Please follow me."
Since Yi-Han wasn’t wandering around alone, he needed the eyes of a professional thief. Fortunately, Ratford readily agreed to Yi-Han's request.
“Gasp.”
Yoner inhaled and let out a surprised sound. Yi-Han also tensed up.
What now?
"Why?"
"...We should have called Nillia too...!"
"!!!"
Yi-Han realized his mistake too late.
Of course, Nillia's skills weren't necessary for a theft, but once she found out...
"Ratford. If Nillia asks, I never called you."
"Understood?"
"...No, she'll find out somehow."
It seemed impossible that Nillia wouldn't hear about it, given the number of people involved.
'I'll explain it later.'
"There's the White Tiger."
In the darkness, only the moonlight grandly illuminated the tower. Yi-Han nodded and slowly approached. He wasn't overly unfamiliar with the place, having visited it a few times before.
"Everyone remembers the plan, right? Act accordingly."
The students of the Blue Dragon nodded tensely.
In truth, the plan was straightforward. Yi-Han and Ratford would enter the White Tiger first. The others would hide nearby, entering only when Yi-Han signaled or waiting if he instructed otherwise.
Yet, despite the simplicity, the tension was unavoidable. Especially since they were all from noble imperial families, a midnight raid was almost a new experience for them.
"Rat... Ratford, should we bite on twigs to stay quiet? I read that in a novel."
"There's no need. There aren't many patrols around, and we are few in number."
"Ratford, I've wrapped my shoes in cloth to be silent!"
"You might slip in the night; better to unwrap them."
Thus, Ratford found himself giving impromptu lessons in thievery. Yi-Han gestured to him.
"Let's go."
"Yes."
Yi-Han and Ratford stood before the door of the White Tiger Tower, blending in naturally as if it was their own tower.
Asan, with sweaty palms clenched behind them, suddenly felt puzzled.
'Ratford, maybe, but why does Wardanaz seem so familiar with this...?'
Yi-Han, holding his breath, touched the tower. He tried to read the magic imbued within.
"!"
Suddenly, Yi-Han nearly collapsed.
The overwhelming flood of knowledge and information could make one feel faint. That was what Yi-Han was experiencing now. Countless spells were cast upon this tower. Moreover, Yi-Han's exceptional mana detection only amplified this effect.
Whereas other students might have noticed only a few simple spells nearby, Yi-Han could detect even the most complex layers.
"Are you alright?!" Ratford whispered in alarm, seeing Yi-Han sweat profusely.
"I'm fine. Just a bit overwhelmed. This is no easy task."
"Towers of mages are never easy to enter. If it's too difficult..."
"No. Let's do this."
Yi-Han concentrated, trying not to read the entire tower. After all, the only barrier to break was the magic sealing the entrance!
Woooom-
"!"
A massive surge of mana began to gather, noticeable even to the relatively insensitive Ratford.
'Is this okay?' Ratford was worried. Such a powerful force could seriously harm Yi-Han if mishandled.
'No. Wardanaz should be able to handle it...'
Bang!!!!!
"!!"
"!!!!"
The students of the Blue Dragon, standing behind, were startled by the powerful wave of mana.
Then Yi-Han shouted, "The door's open! Everyone, come in!!"
"Let's... go!"
-"Master. The magic of the White Tiger Tower has stopped."-
“Those anti-magic fools again?! How did they breach the walls?”
Deep in his underground workshop, the skull principal, engrossed in his magical research, was taken aback.
-"It appears to be the work of the new students."-
“Ah. If that's the case, it's understandable. They must be tackling the task I set for them. Should've done it earlier.”
The skull principal quickly regained his composure.
“Wait. But new students shouldn't be able to deceive the tower's magic... Did they find an artifact? Which scoundrel let an artifact slip through? No. There was another way.”
Muttering to himself, the skull principal swiftly arrived at the answer. Among the new students, there was one capable of temporarily halting the tower's magic.
“Did he brute force his way in? How uncouth... But where did he learn such a method?”
The skull principal was slightly baffled.
Such a crude method was practically useless and even dangerous. It was not commonly taught, neither in books nor by the academy's professors. To disable magic, one needed to understand its structure and find a loophole. Who would be so foolish as to just smash through with brute force?
-"Should I find out?"-
“No, you dim-witted skeleton. I wasn't talking to you. But even if they breached the entrance, there should be other spells to thwart intruders. What happened to those?”
The magic of the White Tiger Tower wasn't just placed at the entrance. There were various anti-intrusion spells within the tower as well.
-"Most of the other defensive spells have also stopped."-
The skull principal paused again.
“Not just the entrance, but other spells have stopped too?”
'What kind of fool...!'
“How hard did he hit it to stop the other spells?”



Chapter 68
At the very moment when the skull principal was incredulously reacting, Yi-Han and his friends from the Blue Dragon were hurriedly descending the stairs.
"Mana is gathering again!"
Yi-Han could feel it. He sensed the dispersed mana of the tower quickly reshaping and reassembling. Though momentarily scattered by an unexpected shock, the spells of the Magic Academy were indeed powerful. They were prepared to recover even in such situations. And if everything were to be restored...
‘Our plan might get complicated,’ Yi-Han thought.
He did not know how many spells were cast within the tower, nor their effects. But he anticipated that their resurgence would spell trouble for him and his intruding party.
Swoosh!
"Aaaah!"
"Gainando! Gainando!!"
It seemed a spell had completed its formation amidst the gathering of mana. It activated in a flickering motion.
Gainando, unfortunately caught in the spell, was pulled back along the stairs as if an invisible hook had snagged his collar.
"Argh!"
Gainando was flung out of the White Tiger Tower's main gate, tumbling head over heels.
It was clearly a spell meant to expel intruders.
"Hurry! It'll get messy if other spells complete," Yi-Han urged.
"Got it, got it!"
The students of the Blue Dragon nodded. Though initially flustered, they had a reliable leader in Yi-Han, whose statue-like face commanded calmly, restoring their composure as they followed him.
Bang!
The lounge door swung open. Yi-Han and Ratford quickly scoured for valuable—or rather, flag-like items.
"What is this madness?!"
Disturbed by the faint commotion, Dolgyu descended from his private room, blinking in confusion.
To his surprise, students from the Blue Dragon, who shouldn't have been there, had invaded the first-year lounge.
Recognizing a familiar face, Dolgyu asked in a constrained voice, "Yi-Han! What is happening...?"
"Dolgyu!"
"Huh?"
"Look behind you!"
"Huh?"
Distracted, Dolgyu turned around, only for Yi-Han to swiftly strike him on the jaw with his bead.
The poor, half-awake orc friend, trusting in Yi-Han, collapsed once again.
"Haha! Take that, you White Tiger brat! Pay for your arrogance to Wardanaz!"
A student from the Blue Dragon cheered, while Yonaire looked at Yi-Han with confused eyes, as if to say, ‘Is this really okay?’
Yi-Han shook his head, saying, "This is better for Dolgyu, too."
He hadn't told Dolgyu about the attack plan for a simple reason. Dolgyu was a student of the White Tiger, after all. It wasn't about mistrust, but rather concern that Dolgyu, already somewhat ostracized within the White Tiger, might face further isolation if involved in this plan.
Yonaire understood this, though she seemed to think Yi-Han had hit Dolgyu too hard.
"Seeing him like this, the other White Tiger students won't misunderstand. There's no need for Dolgyu to become an outcast like Nillia in the tower."
"Yeah. ...But did you have to compare him to Nillia?"
"Found it!"
True to his thief-like skills, Ratford quickly located a flag. The problem was that there wasn't just one flag.
"Here's another!"
"And another here...?!"
The White Tiger students had practiced and failed to create fake flags, which now appeared scattered around. The patterns were crudely made, but hard to distinguish in the dim light.
Yi-Han quickly made a decision.
"Take them all."
"!"
That's right!
Just take them all!
The Blue Dragon students grabbed every flag they could see.
"What, what's happening??"
A second White Tiger student appeared. It was Rowena, a black-haired elf Yi-Han recognized.
Rowena, with an expressionless face, was startled upon making eye contact with the princess, who was hurriedly stowing the flags into her bosom.
"What is really happening?!"
"Stay quiet and don't move! If you do, we won't spare the princess!"
"?!"
The princess, who had followed to help, suddenly became a hostage, her eyes flickering slightly.
Rowena, shocked, raised her arms.
"No, no! I'll stay still!"
"Good! Stay that way!"
Yi-Han bound Rowena's feet with a single command.
Ratford shouted urgently, "Checked them all! There's no more!"
"Good. Let's get out of here!"
Swoosh!
As the scattered spells regained strength, ominous signs began to show.
Two students from the Blue Dragon, like Gainando before, were flung outside.
"Those who escaped, head to the Blue Dragon! Ratford, run!"
"Yes!"
"The Blue Dragon brats invaded the lounge!!!!"
The commotion woke up the White Tiger students, who descended to the lounge only to be met with an unbelievable scene, promptly awakening their friends.
"Rowena! Why are you just standing there?!"
"They, they said if I move, they won't spare the princess..."
"What are you talking about? They are from the same tower and came together!"
"!"
"Chase them!! Don't let them get away!!"
Some forcibly, others of their own accord.
Yi-Han and his friends successfully escaped the White Tiger.
Yi-Han, escaping last, shuddered as the tower's intruder-preventing magic grazed his head.
"Uh... Ugh."
The expelled students, disoriented as if suffering severe motion sickness, stumbled and fell. Gainando couldn't even stand, floundering on the ground.
"Pick up the fallen ones and run! The White Tiger guys are coming!"
"Ok... Okay!"
Yi-Han hoisted Gainando onto his shoulder, eliciting a scream from him.
"Gently! Drive gently!"
"This isn't a carriage, Gainando! Get a hold of yourself!"
Tadadadak-
"Hey, you thieves!!!"
Torches lit up behind them as the White Tiger students' shouts rang out. They were incredulous at being attacked at night and now missing their flags.
Asan from the Blue Dragon, undaunted, retorted, "It's us who should be saying that! You cowardly tricksters, making fake flags! You're 100% scammers!"
"Stop provoking and just run, Asan!" Yi-Han, even while carrying Gainando, outran the other students. However, he halted. The White Tiger students were faster than expected.
'We'll get caught at this rate!'
Panting, Ratford asked, "Are you planning to use the prince as bait?"
"...No!" Yi-Han was momentarily flustered. It really wasn't his intention.
"Wardanaz, you scoundrel! It's one thing to threaten Rowena using the princess as a hostage, but Dolgyu trusted your honor! And you knocked him out?!" Anglago, a satyr, shouted with fury.
Seizing the opportunity, Yi-Han coldly retorted, "Dolgyu? He was just an easy pawn. It's his own stupidity for being deceived."
"Wardanaz, you bastard!!!" Anglago exploded with rage and lunged at him. However, Anglago alone was no match for Yi-Han.
Yi-Han had already been rigorously trained by Professor Boladi in magic battle and more.
He promptly conjured a water orb.
"Spring forth!"
The compressed orb of water materialized. Without a moment's rest, Yi-Han cast the next spell.
"Move!"
With dull thudding sounds, the charging Anglago was sent tumbling. The hefty water orb had enough force to rob the limbs of their strength.
Anglago, fallen, gritted his teeth and glared up at Yi-Han. With the flickering torches behind, Yi-Han's face was starkly shadowed, his already cold, statue-like visage appearing even more frigid.
Thinking of Dolgyu, collapsed in the lounge, Anglago's heart blazed with more anger and sorrow. He shouted, "Damn it...! Wardanaz, you monster who knows nothing but magic...!!"
"Anglago!!" The White Tiger students, arriving belatedly, helped up the fallen Anglago, crying out in despair. Seeing their friend downed felt like witnessing a noble knight defeated by an evil mage.
"Ha... Haha! You'll never defeat Wardanaz... Ugh."
"Stop provoking and stay quiet."
As Gainando on his shoulder tried to taunt, Yi-Han silenced him with a slap. Gainando closed his mouth again.
"This was for a class assignment, let's not hold unnecessary grudges against each other."
"You call that an excuse!"
'Admittedly, it does sound rather shameless,' Yi-Han thought.
He knew telling the already humiliated White Tiger students that 'all this is because of the skull principal who divided the tower into four and created such a competitive environment, let's not fight among ourselves' would be futile. They'd probably retort, 'We'll think about it after beating you up.'
Yi-Han sighed. It was a sigh of resignation to the inevitability of force.
To the White Tiger students, his sigh, perhaps due to the darkness, seemed like a mocking sneer.
"Don't... Don't follow me. I can cast the same magic again and again. It might be hard to dodge continuously in this darkness."
Yi-Han planned to escape before more White Tiger students arrived. He could handle half a dozen with threats, but beyond that, the reaction was unpredictable.
"I don't care! Friends, avenge Dolgyu! Avenge him for being used by Wardanaz!" Anglago cried out in anguish. Yi-Han slightly regretted not having knocked Anglago unconscious.
The White Tiger students' eyes hardened.
'Damn.'
Their eyes conveyed a firm resolve to avenge Dolgyu, regardless of the consequences.
Indeed, they were from noble knight families. In such a situation, they chose their friend's honor over their own limbs.
Gainando whispered in a horrified voice, "...Are we doomed?"
Instead of answering, Yi-Han slapped Gainando's mouth again.
'Use water orbs on the left, fend off attackers on the right with the sword... blind their sight, then turn and run...'
Despite the unexpected turn, Yi-Han quickly calculated his strategy.
However, Yi-Han's calculations became irrelevant. Gainando, perched on his shoulder, pointed behind the White Tiger students and screamed.
"...Behind!! Behind!!"
"Wardanaz, how stupid do you think we are? Do you think we'd fall for a trick by the prince?!"
"Look behind you!!!"
"We won't be fooled... Aaaaah!"
Whoosh!
A massive vine swooped down, entangling a White Tiger student and lifting him into the air.
Yi-Han, seeing the unrealistically huge vine monster emerging from the darkness, momentarily thought he had triggered the White Tiger Tower's defensive magic, summoning the creature. Fortunately, that was not the case.
-"The summon from the greenhouse has escaped! The summon from the greenhouse has escaped!"-
-"It's heading towards the freshmen! ...I want nothing to do with this! This guy should go to the punishment room!"-
-"Will you shut up and just handle this?!"-
Faint shouts of familiar content were coming from a distance. It was the kind of warm conversation only shared by the disciples of a professor who had failed an experiment.
Thump!
Professor Garcia appeared out of thin air and landed smoothly. The professor swung his staff, forcing the vine monster to retreat, then turned to Yi-Han.
"Summons escaping like this again. This week will be tough for the freshmen. Yi-Han, what are you doing here?"
"...Wait. Did you say 'again' and 'summons'?"
Summons 'escaping' again?
"Why are you here, Yi-Han?"
"Professor! That vine monster took my friend! Please save him!"
"Ah, alright. Just wait."



Chapter 69
It may seem redundant to say now, but the magic academy was not a safe place. Even without considering the professors, it was a place where dangerous incidents were inevitable. The novice mages, learning magic, couldn't help but cause accidents, no matter how hard they tried to avoid them. The rampaging summoned creature was one such example. The upperclassmen, intending to prepare these creatures for magic experiments at the start of the semester, had failed to control them.
‘Really, even if they lost control, does it make sense to cause such a rampage on academy grounds? Isn't this a fundamental issue with the academy system?’ thought Yi-Han, incredulous after hearing Professor Garcia's explanation. However, clinging to a sliver of hope, Yi-Han asked again, "I heard other summoned creatures have also escaped... They'll be dealt with soon, right? Aren't some of the empire's most outstanding mages here at this academy?"
"Of course," replied Professor Garcia, and Yi-Han felt a sense of relief. At least the situation was being managed. "It should take about a month to capture them all, Yi-Han."
“...”
Yi-Han's face stiffened. In the darkness, and distracted by the vine monster, Professor Garcia did not notice his expression.
"What should we do for a month, then?"
"Be careful," said Professor Garcia seriously. It wasn't a statement made out of malice, but out of necessity, considering the escaped creatures lurking around the academy. From Yi-Han's perspective, though, it was an absurd suggestion.
‘Professors will be professors!’ he thought. No matter how benevolent they appeared, they all harbored a certain degree of madness within them.
With a swish, "Thank you! Thank you!" exclaimed Yi-Han. Professor Garcia had summoned a sharp ring of wind to cut the vines of the vine monster and safely rescued a student from the White Tiger who had been caught. Though it looked simple, the process of threatening the monster with mental magic, cutting the vines with wind-elemental magic, and then safely catching the falling White Tiger student with gravity distortion magic was a highly complex sequence. Yi-Han couldn't believe that Professor Garcia had managed all this with effortless movements and without even taking a breath.
‘Amazing!’ he thought. Watching the professor's magic at leisure, rather than in a frantic moment, reminded him of a master ballerina. Just as a grand ballerina creates an unapproachable aura with simple movements of stretching an arm or lifting a leg, so did Professor Garcia.
"Are you okay?" asked the professor.
The White Tiger student, apparently quite frightened and forgetting his noble heritage, burst into tears. Perhaps it was the first time a professor had spoken to him so kindly since he joined the academy.
"But why were you outside at this hour?"
Between sobs, the student replied, "Wardanaz came into... the lounge... and took... our tower's flag..."
Professor Garcia turned his head in disbelief, both at the student being out at night and at the thought of a magic-breaking creature entering the lounge. How could this be? But Yi-Han was already gone, having made his escape.
Having safely returned with the flag, the expressions of the Blue Dragon students were complex. Before they could even rejoice, voices were heard outside.
"Summoned creatures have escaped within the academy, students should take care on their own. I repeat, summoned creatures have escaped..."
The students were at a loss for words. The academy never ceased to shock them every week. Just when they thought nothing new could happen, the academy always proved them wrong.
"How can we be expected to stay on alert even within the academy grounds?"
There was a silence, followed by a murmur from one of the Blue Dragon students, "Could one of the professors have released them?"
Had it been the first week, such an idea would have been dismissed as absurd, but now, everyone looked seriously suspicious.
"It must have been a professor. I think the principal..."
"No, it's Professor Uregor who seems suspicious!"
"But why can't they be caught immediately?"
Yi-Han, listening quietly, thought to himself, ‘Are the professors just too lazy to bother?’
The more he thought about it, the more the one-month timeframe seemed strange. There were so many mages in this vast magic academy. If the distinguished professors were fully mobilized to form a cordon, whether it was summoned creatures or dragons that had escaped, they should have been dealt with swiftly. However, fundamentally, professors were not quick to take action. They would delegate mistakes they made to the disciples under them, and more so for mistakes made by the disciples.
With this in mind, it was unlikely that they would personally intervene in such a summoning incident...
‘I better keep quiet to avoid shocking everyone,’ Yi-Han decided, choosing to keep his thoughts to himself for the sake of his fellow students.
"At least they should tell us which creatures have escaped! Isn't it too much, even for the seniors?"
"Exactly!"
Anger shifted from the professors to the faceless upperclassmen. The freshmen cursed the upperclassmen. Weren't they suffering because of their incompetent seniors?
"Stop talking and have breakfast. I've prepared something special since everyone had a hard night," Yi-Han announced, lifting a large pot hanging in front of the fireplace. The red hue of the tomato beef stew brought happiness to the students of the Blue Dragon. Though he had brought in a considerable amount of food supplies, Yi-Han had no intention of wasting them, not knowing when he could go out again. However, in the current situation, he thought it might be alright to be generous with the food, considering everyone's hard work.
‘I should grow more vegetables,’ Yi-Han mused, thinking about expanding the small garden hut. Not just sweet potatoes and potatoes, but also wheat, and maybe some fruit trees around...
‘I want to increase the number of chickens too. Would Professor Uregor think I'm crazy if I start raising pigs as well?’
Managing the garden made him realize how important fresh vegetables were in human life. Being able to obtain fresh vegetables could completely change the quality of a meal. The tomato beef stew he had prepared was an example of this. While the umami and aroma came from the tomato sauce and spices, and the eye-catching impact from the large chunks of beef, it was the onions, garlic, carrots, potatoes, and mushrooms that gave the stew its rich and deep flavor, thanks to the preliminary sautéing.
‘What am I even thinking about right now?’ Yi-Han suddenly stopped his train of thought. Somehow, since coming to the academy, he seemed to have gained more insights into fields other than magic.
The students of the Blue Dragon, who had had a tough night, served themselves generous portions of stew, enjoying breakfast with bread. Eating a warm breakfast in the sunlight streaming through the stained-glass windows of the lounge, they felt as if they were back home.
"Summoned creatures have escaped within the academy, students should take care on their own. I repeat, summoned creatures have escaped..."
"...This is spoiling my appetite..."
"Then should I eat it?"
"Will you stop that? I might just challenge you to a duel."
Yi-Han got up, took his bowl, and headed towards the princess's private chamber.
Yi-Han had become accustomed to carrying out tasks without being asked by other students. However, unlike usual, the door did not open. After knocking several times without any response from the princess, Yi-Han gave up and returned.
"Why? Did the princess refuse to eat?"
"No, there was no answer."
"Ah, she must be sleeping. She was probably tired from yesterday..."
The students serving the princess nodded in understanding. Given the events of the previous day, it was reasonable to assume she was exhausted. This thought slightly bothered Yi-Han.
'Could she be holding a grudge because I used her as a hostage?'
Unlike Gainando, Adenart was competent and had many admiring students. If Adenart were to say during the break, "Wardanaz held me hostage," it could become quite troublesome for Yi-Han. That's why he had even added extra beef to the stew...
"Let's not wake her up then. Thanks, Wardanaz. The princess doesn't eat much, but she seems to find it hard to refuse when you bring it personally because of your sincerity."
Yi-Han was puzzled. Was that so? 'She seemed to eat well enough...'
Gainando, who was scraping a wooden bowl with a spoon to get the last of his stew, asked, "Isn't it better to wake her up early than let her starve? You can always sleep, but eating is..."
"Don't be ridiculous, Gainando! Do you think the princess is like you?"
"Right! She's not that obsessed with food!"
Yi-Han actually shared Gainando's view. It seemed better to wake up, eat, and then go back to sleep...
'But I guess the followers know best.'
"But Yi-Han," another student interjected.
"Yes?"
"Are you okay for the morning class?"
"The morning class... Ah."
Yi-Han checked his schedule at the mention of Yonaire's words and hesitated. "It should be fine."
Yonaire's look seemed to say, 'It doesn't seem fine at all.'
“...”
“...”
In the &lt;Basic Swordsmanship&gt; class, the students of the White Tiger, especially after the previous night's events, were looking at Yi-Han with very, very displeased expressions. The only one who spoke to Yi-Han was Dolgyu.
"You didn't need to do that for me, Yi-Han," Dolgyu said strongly.
In the moment he was struck and fell, Dolgyu realized something. The honorable Yi-Han had taken on the role of the villain for Dolgyu's sake. When he woke up and the White Tiger students were angrily saying, "Do you know what that jerk said to you?" Dolgyu remained unshaken.
“If I can't do what I should do because I’m worried about what other friends think, then I’m not a real friend. A true friend understands both honor and friendship.”
"That's a touching sentiment, Dolgyu," Yi-Han thought internally, 'Although my sneaking in to steal the flag yesterday had nothing to do with honor,' but he nodded out of respect for Dolgyu.
When the one who's been hit forgives, it's best to just keep quiet and listen.
"So, you don't need to play the villain anymore."
"Sure, sure."
Of course, Yi-Han planned to act similarly in the future, regardless of what Dolgyu said. Dolgyu might not care, but the other White Tiger students probably did.
Even now, they were glaring at Yi-Han.
"Dolgyu's being fooled again...!"
"Don't let that guy near him!"
Some students were so adamant they were practically building a wall with their bodies to prevent any approach.
Anyone who saw them might think that Dolgyu was brainwashed by Yi-Han.
"Good morning, everyone."
Ingurdel, the elf swordsman and professor, appeared, leaning on his sword as if it were a staff. The students, who had been standing separately until just moments ago, straightened their postures and greeted him respectfully.
Professor Ingurdel continued, his voice gentle and uncharacteristic of a swordsman.
"Waking up, I noticed that released summoned creatures were wandering around the academy. It struck me as quite an absurd place."
“...”
All the students nodded in agreement. It was a sentiment that anyone in any tower could empathize with.
"But since the students have to continue staying here... I've thought about it. What could be helpful?"
"?"
Yi-Han suddenly felt anxious.
It was rare for good outcomes to arise when the professor pondered something for the sake of the students.
"So, I've captured one of the released summoned creatures. Let's practice by facing it together."
“...”
Yi-Han began to seriously worry that Professor Ingurdel was becoming influenced by the academy.



Chapter 70
"The professor is right," one student acknowledged.
"We cannot win by merely retreating in fear. A truly strong knight confronts and fights against their fears!"
'These people are insane,' thought Yi-Han, shaking his head in disbelief.
Had there been other students from different towers, he might have joined hands with them and urged Professor Ingurdel to regain his senses. Unfortunately, the students of the White Tiger were the sort who wouldn't listen to Yi-Han no matter what he said.
He was baffled that they were actually in favor of fighting the released summoned creatures. Shouldn't they be learning how to avoid such dangers?
Sometimes, Yi-Han felt lonely, thinking he might be the only sane person at the academy.
"I have good disciples," Professor Ingurdel nodded in satisfaction, seeing the reactions of the White Tiger students.
He had been prepared to reconsider if any student showed fear or reluctance, but as expected of skilled swordsmen, they did not shy away from their fears.
Professor Ingurdel's gaze, which had been surveying the room, suddenly stopped on Yi-Han. Yi-Han blurted out reflexively, "That's an excellent idea, Professor!"
"Thank you, everyone," Professor Ingurdel said, smiling proudly as even Yi-Han joined in the praise.
It seemed the idea he had come up with after much thought was quite decent.
"Now, everyone, form groups of three," he instructed.
Fortunately, Professor Ingurdel still had some conscience left; he didn't suggest facing the monsters alone.
But...
'Oh no, this is bad,' realized Yi-Han.
For those like Nillia, who found it difficult to make friends, forming groups was a daunting task. Although Yi-Han wasn't like Nillia, the students of the White Tiger were unlikely to join hands with him.
'One can be filled in by Dolgyu, but what about the other? Should I force someone to join? Can I dodge the professor's attention and coerce them?'
"Professor, can we form our own groups?" Yi-Han asked.
"No, I've prepared lots for you to draw," replied Professor Ingurdel, giving Yi-Han a knowing glance.
The professor was well aware that Yi-Han, being from the Blue Dragon, was not on good terms with the other White Tiger students and had made these arrangements as a gesture of consideration.
'Professor...' Yi-Han felt grateful.
But...
'...If you're going to be considerate, why not just have us practice sword forms instead of capturing escaped summoned creatures...'
It was just like a professor to show consideration in such a twisted way.
Yi-Han joined the line to draw lots and picked number 4.
"Anyone else draw 4?" called out Dolgyu, raising his hand. Yi-Han's expression softened. The White Tiger students looked at him with concern.
'Is he going to manipulate Dolgyu like a chess piece again?'
"Is there one more?"
Three was the required number for each group.
Someone else raised their hand—it was Jijel of the Moradi family.
"..."
"..."
Not just Dolgyu and Yi-Han, but even the other White Tiger students were shocked.
'Is this going to lead to a fight?'
On one side was Yi-Han of the Wardanaz family, who had mastered all sorts of evil magic before even entering the academy. On the other was Jijel of the Moradi family, one of the most powerful knight families in the north, leading the White Tiger students with her inherent charisma.
And they were not on good terms...
However, instead of drawing her sword, Jijel quietly lifted the corners of her mouth in an inscrutable smile. To Yi-Han, this seemed even more ominous.
"Shouldn't we forget our childish mistakes and move on, using this opportunity?"
"You're not serious, are you, Yi-Han?" Dolgyu looked at Yi-Han as if he had said something utterly nonsensical.
Of course, it was Jijel who had actually started the quarrel, if one were to get down to the nitty-gritty of it. But in a fight fueled by emotions, such prior events hardly mattered. Moreover, when it came to causing trouble, Yi-Han was overwhelmingly superior.
He had done things like knocking someone out and then handing them over to the skull principal to be sent to the punishment room, leading friends on a midnight raid of the lounge to steal flags, and more.
Dolgyu, while not particularly close to Jijel, knew her well enough as they both hailed from knight families of the North. He knew that Jijel, with her haughty pride, must be grinding her teeth in anger at Yi-Han, even if she didn't show it outwardly.
Frankly, he was genuinely concerned.
"Yi-Han, when we move together, always put me between you and Moradi. And never show your back to Moradi."
"Thanks, Dolgyu. That's encouraging."
"Have all the groups been formed?" asked Professor Ingurdel, and then continued, "Every party must have a leader. The one who has drawn the lot with a red mark at the corner is the leader. The leader should give orders, and the others should follow them to deal with the monster."
"..."
Yi-Han remembered that there was no red mark on the corner of the paper he had drawn.
"Dolgyu, could you say that you drew the one with the red mark?"
"...Sorry."
Yi-Han and Dolgyu both looked at Jijel. She was waving a paper with a red mark on it, wearing the same inscrutable smile as before.
"Why don't you call me 'party leader'?"
"Party leader."
"No, add an honorific."
"Miss Party leader."
At Yi-Han's response, Jijel's smile deepened.
"If you don't want to be stabbed in the back, give good orders."
"..."
There was a saying that knights who had witnessed the white ice storms beyond the northern mountains no longer feared anything. Dolgyu was one of them, but the way Yi-Han and Jijel were looking at each other right now was genuinely frightening.
"So, what kind of summoned creature will we be facing?"
"That, I cannot tell you."
"...?"
"?"
All the White Tiger students tilted their heads in unison. Yi-Han felt a sense of foreboding.
"The purpose is to learn how to deal with unknown summoned creatures. Knowing their identity in advance would defeat the purpose, wouldn't it?" Professor Ingurdel kindly explained.
While many of the White Tiger students seemed to accept this explanation with an 'Ah, I see,' both Yi-Han and a few other clear-headed students looked slightly tense.
"From now on, each group will enter the annex building in turn. Inside, you'll find the summoned creature I've captured. Deal with it and then exit through the door on the opposite side," instructed Professor Ingurdel.
After his explanation, a few of the more sensible students cautiously asked, "But Professor, shouldn't we have at least some information about the creature we're facing? It could be beyond our capabilities..."
"That's right. At least give us a hint on how to deal with it."
Professor Ingurdel's face showed a hint of concern at the words of the White Tiger students.
He began to wonder if the practice might be too difficult. 'Perhaps they do need some basic information to figure out how to handle the situation...'
Just as his sense of normalcy, numbed by the eccentricities of the other professors, was about to return, other White Tiger students interjected.
"Don't talk like cowards!"
"What must the professor think of us? He probably sees us as weaklings incapable of handling even this!" exclaimed one of the students.
"No, everyone."
"Professor, we're fine!"
"We don't need any hints. We'll find a way to deal with it using our hands, feet, and swords."
'Isn't this a magic academy?' Yi-Han thought to himself.
'Use magic, kids! And accept the hints if you can!'
"What a bunch of fools..." Yi-Han muttered under his breath.
“?”
“What? Why?”
When Yi-Han turned his head, Jijel spoke as if he was asking for something.
It was common practice to tailor one's expressions and words according to the audience. There was no need to pretend ignorance in front of Yi-Han, who was from the Wardanaz family and knew everything anyway.
"I agree about the foolishness."
"You do make some agreeable statements occasionally. Just follow my orders like that, and there will be no problems," she warned.
"You seem to misunderstand me. I have no complaints as long as there's nothing wrong with the orders. Why would I unnecessarily start a quarrel? I don't like picking fights with others."
"..."
"..."
Not only Jijel but also Dolgyu looked slightly taken aback.
'For someone who claims that, you seem to beat people up quite effortlessly...'
"So, you betrayed someone and handed them over to the principal?" Jijel asked with arms crossed and a tone of disbelief, her eyes as if she had already drawn her sword several times.
"It wasn't exactly betrayal since we weren't on the same side to begin with..."
"Yi-Han, I may not know much about rhetoric, but it might be better if you stop talking now," Dolgyu interrupted.
Although Dolgyu didn't particularly like Jijel, he felt that if left unchecked, either Yi-Han or Jijel might end up on the ground even before they got to fight the monster.
"I was just trying to clear up a misunderstanding."
"No, Yi-Han. Some misunderstandings can't be resolved. And you, Yi-Han..."
Dolgyu stopped short of saying 'have a talent for infuriating your enemies.'
In any case, Dolgyu was the only one who could mediate between the two in the current situation. He braced himself, despite not being very articulate.
"Both of you think about it. Acting willfully just because you dislike each other will only bring loss to both. Even if you dislike each other, as this is a lesson, we should earnestly..."
"That's obvious, Dolgyu. Don't worry."
"Don't waste your breath, Choi. We know that without you saying it."
Both Jijel and Yi-Han admonished Dolgyu at the same time, leaving him feeling unjustly aggrieved.
The annex building prepared by Professor Ingurdel had the outward appearance of a huge gymnasium or auditorium.
Of course, the difference lay in the fact that behind its closed doors, instead of enjoyable physical activities, an escaped summoned creature awaited.
'The silence is more unsettling.'
If there had been screams, at least they could have guessed what was happening. But the continued silence, as if magically silenced, was more chilling.
What had they put inside?
"Don't just rush in after opening the door. First, assess the situation. If it attacks as soon as we enter, split to the left and right... tell him that, Choi," Jijel commanded.
"..."
Dolgyu was at a loss for words at Jijel's childish behavior.
Yi-Han was right there beside him; what was there to pass along?
'Was Moradi always this childish?'
"If it's dark inside, turn on light magic immediately upon entering, and don’t be startled… tell her that, Dolgyu."
"If you waste your mana and faint, I'll leave you behind. Tell him that, Choi."
"I'm the only one who knows how to use light magic, so I'll take the lead. Tell her that, Dolgyu," Yi-Han instructed.
“I can use light magic too, don’t underestimate me… pass it on to him, Choi.” Jijel retorted.
'Someone, please save me,' Dolgyu silently pleaded.
Before entering the magic academy, Dolgyu had heard all sorts of tales. Tales of students undergoing harsh trials to immerse themselves in magic, of professors being trolls, and of knights being ridiculed for their dullness in magic...
But none of those stories had prepared him for a situation like this!
Suddenly, the door burst open. The interior was dark, not bright. Yi-Han sighed.
'It's becoming more frightening that I can predict the academy's pattern.'
Students who had expected light upon entering were startled by the pitch-dark interior.
Yi-Han could imagine what Professor Ingurdel had thought while preparing this darkness.
'The summoned creatures are more likely to roam at night than in broad daylight, so he must have prepared this as a drill.'
"Light!"
Yi-Han's spell rose like the sun, brightly illuminating the inside of the annex. Both Dolgyu and Jijel had to acknowledge Yi-Han's magic prowess.
-■■■■■...
The summoned creature inhabiting the annex bore a semblance to a blend of a spirit and a bull.
Moreover, it exuded an aura of enhancement magic and potions, a presence not typical of an ordinary bull.
Yi-Han's mind fleetingly pictured the face of Professor Uregor.
'Surely not,' he thought.



Chapter 71
Professor Uregor, having seen the students who returned last time, had questioned, "Was there no bull? Why not?"
He couldn't fathom why that memory suddenly flitted through his mind.
‘Focus.’
Yi-Han shifted his gaze. The spirit bull before him emitted a distinctly unique aura. Firstly, two types of mana. One surely from an enhancement spell, the other from a potion. Though hard to explain theoretically, the mana of an externally cast enhancement spell differed from that of an internally working magic potion. And another energy, akin yet divergent from mana.
‘Is this the power of a spirit?’
Even without extensive knowledge about spirits, Yi-Han could tell that the bull before him was intertwined with one.
A normal bull wouldn't be half comprised of a flickering mass of ice. Each time it glared and stomped its hooves, a thin layer of frost formed on the ground.
"Yi-Han. It's glaring this way. Do you think it'll charge? What's your take?"
"I had no specific thoughts, but perhaps it's angered by the light we lit."
"..."
Dolgyu and Jijel turned their heads to look at Yi-Han.
Hey!
"What? It's dark, we need light. It's weird if it gets angry over that."
"It seems less important whether the spirit bull is weird or not..."
"Ask if there's a way to inflict damage, Choi."
'Is it not over yet?'
When Jijel told Dolgyu what she wanted to say to Yi-Han, Dolgyu sighed deeply.
"Ordinary physical attacks probably won't work on the spirit part. Enchanting our weapons is still beyond us..."
Among the monsters, there were quite a few that were impervious to ordinary attacks. To combat such foes, adventurers often carried weapons enchanted with magic or learned to imbue their weapons with mana.
"Does anyone here know even a bit about infusing weapons with mana?"
At Yi-Han's question, Dolgyu raised his hand. Jijel did as well. Yi-Han, the one who asked, also raised his hand… Jijel looked at him as if he was insane. Dolgyu, maybe, but why would someone not of a knightly family know how to imbue mana?
"I asked Dolgyu, but you answered too. Anyway, if all three of us can attack, isn't that good? Let's spread out and strike."
It was quite fortunate, in fact, that these three were grouped together. Yi-Han and Dolgyu were among the most skilled in swordsmanship among the students currently taking &lt;Basic Swordsmanship&gt;, and though slightly weaker, Jijel also possessed formidable sword skills.
Of course, they didn't get along at all.
"Ask who'll take the middle position, Choi."
In the current situation, the spirit bull was very likely to dislike whoever was directly in front of it.
Yi-Han, showing respect for the leader, asked.
"Dolgyu, shouldn't the leader be in the middle?"
Jijel responded with a middle finger. Dolgyu sighed.
"Rock-paper-scissors?"
"Rock-paper-scissors."
Yi-Han ended up in the middle, Jijel on the right, Dolgyu on the left.
Dolgyu thought he had never seen Jijel smile so brightly before.
Fortunately, the spirit bull did not charge despite the light being turned on.
The strategy of the three students was simple. Spread out in three directions and approach until the spirit bull reacts. Once it starts to respond, the targeted student focuses on evasion, while the other two inflict damage.
'The problem is evasion.'
Normally in such hunts, the one luring and dodging was crucial, while those striking had it relatively easy.
Yi-Han lamented his inability to avoid being placed in the middle.
-■!
Until moments ago, the spirit bull, which had been merely stomping its hooves, now exhaled icy breath and emitted a threatening sound. It was a clear warning to 'back off quietly.'
Instead of approaching further, Yi-Han used magic.
"Spring forth, move!"
Beads of water sprang into the air and flew towards the spirit bull. The stationary bull was startled, moving as the water beads exploded on impact.
Thud, thud!
"Amazing... Wait."
Dolgyu, initially amazed by the magic skill, sensed something odd. The direction in which Yi-Han launched the water beads seemed peculiar.
Was he aiming from above downwards, seemingly herding the spirit bull to the right...?
'That clever bastard.' Jijel drew her dual swords. If Dolgyu noticed it, Jijel couldn't have missed it. Initially, Jijel had planned to drive the spirit bull towards Yi-Han if it came her way.
Whoosh!
Jijel leaped diagonally to the left. She intended to redirect the bull's attention back to Yi-Han.
Though briefly distracted, it was obvious who posed a greater threat to the spirit bull. It was a clever trick, but ultimately, it was like digging one's own grave.
-■■!
Provoked, the spirit bull changed its angle completely and began charging towards Yi-Han and Jijel.
"I hide in the night!"
"...?!"
Yi-Han disappeared. Jijel had no time for curses. She drew her dual swords, ready to face the spirit bull.
Waving the sword in her right hand to attract the bull's attention, she aimed precisely at its jaw with the left. Jijel, like a seasoned matador, skillfully evaded the bull, inflicting damage as he passed by.
'Tch.'
Jijel clicked her tongue, feeling the sensation in her fingertips. Apparently having struck the spirit part, the bull seemed unharmed.
Ice formed on her sword, while the part hit by the bull quickly regenerated.
Crack-!
With an annoying sound, the spirit bull changed direction. Despite its size, it was incredibly agile and flexible.
Jijel nodded her head, beckoning it to come again, waving her sword.
Bang!!!!
Suddenly, as if hit by something, the spirit bull flew sideways.
Yi-Han reappeared, dispelling his invisibility spell. The solid wooden sword in his hand was now completely pulverized.
“...”
“...”
It might sound like an excuse, but there was a reason Yi-Han had diverted the bull's attention towards Jijel. For Yi-Han to launch a proper attack, someone had to distract the spirit bull. Telling Jijel would be pointless; she would never believe it...
Though it pained him, the result was the only way to prove it.
"Is this okay, Yi-Han?!"
"It's fine! We won't be in the same group again after this lesson anyway!"
Yi-Han cheerfully responded and, turning invisible, chased after the bull.
"Feet, grasp the earth!"
Yi-Han's muttering transformed into a spell, wrapping around his body.
Already sharpened by focus, his vision became even clearer, capturing the movements of the spirit bull.
Whoosh!
Hardly any time had passed since he last shattered his sword, but Yi-Han relentlessly poured his mana into the effort.
Thanks to the bull's attention being on Jijel, Yi-Han gained the necessary time. He swung at the spirit bull just before his sword shattered. As expected, the attack and the sword both ended in pieces.
Bang!!!!
Despite the setback, the effect was clear. The spirit bull was sent flying sideways. Yi-Han, his hand numb from the shock, shouted before the bull could rise.
"Now's the chance! Let's get out of here!"
"Right... Right."
Dolgyu couldn't bear to look at Jijel's face, too afraid of what he might see.
Anglago, a satyr, looked towards the exit with a worried expression. Having entered with the third group and already emerged, Anglago was deeply concerned about the fourth group.
"What if Wardanaz uses Dolgyu again?"
"Don't worry. Moradi is there. Moradi will handle it."
"Right? With Moradi there."
Despite their reassuring words, their faces were filled with concern. It was as if a wolf had been placed in the same pen as a sheep!
So, when the trio emerged from inside, the students couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief.
'Thank goodness!'
"You're out, Dolgyu!"
"Moradi, good job!"
"..."
"..."
"???"
However, the students quickly realized something was off with the atmosphere of the fourth group.
Wardanaz was always expressionless and cold, but even Dolgyu looked awkward and lost. And Moradi… For some reason, her aura felt dangerously hostile, as if she would attack if spoken to.
Anglago, frightened, stopped trying to speak.
"Ah, Anglago."
"Dolgyu! Did you manage to dodge well?"
"Yes, I dodged well. How did you guys manage?" Dolgyu asked, curious.
It seemed unlikely that other groups had resolved the situation in the same way as Yi-Han.
"We grabbed torches from the corner and threw them. While it was distracted, we ran out."
"We summoned flames and threw them at it, then ran for our lives."
"Wow. You guys are smart. We didn't have that capability, so we just took turns luring the bull and barely found the exit."
Students from each group shared their tales of valor. Some had cleverly solved their problems, while others had brutishly fought their way through. With each story, Dolgyu's expression grew sterner.
'Now that I think about it, the professor said to confront and then exit, not to take down, right?'
Ingurdel, the professor, hadn't said a word about defeating it, but caught up in the moment with Yi-Han and Jijel, Dolgyu had gotten carried away.
The next groups emerged one after another. Some students came out with their cloaks and clothes covered in ice, looking miserable.
"You all did splendidly. I told you to confront and exit, but there was even a group that subdued it. I didn't send you in for that, but I can only commend such an excellent job."
Professor Ingurdel's words caused a buzz among the students.
Several approached Jijel, wanting to ask if she had been the one, but retreated seeing her foul mood.
"How did you feel facing the monster?"
"Stronger than expected. And fast."
"I didn't expect our attacks to be completely ineffective."
The students of the White Tiger shared their impressions freely. The elf professor nodded, responding to their comments.
"That must have been the case for everyone."
"..."
Dolgyu listened to the professor's words, pondering where exactly his group had gone wrong.
"Everyone must have felt different. But while escaping the monster, you must have realized one thing – there's no need to be that afraid."
"Absolutely!"
The students of the White Tiger agreed.
Even though it was merely about fleeing, directly encountering and facing the monster had reduced their fear more than expected. To overcome fear, one must ultimately confront it directly.
"Facing a monster is fundamentally the same as swordsmanship. Stay calm, assess what kind of opponent you are facing, and if you cannot win, think about how to escape. I am pleased that today you have learned lessons that cannot be taught through words alone."
Dolgyu agreed with the professor's words. Of course, Dolgyu's group had simply fought head-on...
"By the way, I plan to conduct this semester's classes with the groups formed today. The balance seems quite good, surprisingly."
"..."
Dolgyu, nodding his head as he listened, suddenly froze. Then, he turned to look at Yi-Han and Jijel. Their expressions were similarly frozen.
In a low voice, Yi-Han asked Dolgyu, "Hm. Do you think it would be good to apologize for what happened earlier?"
"...Perhaps it's best to just talk through me..."



Chapter 72
"Still, if we're going to be in the same team moving forward, it seems we need to clear up any misunderstandings."
"No!" Dolgyu finally understood. Yi-Han was talking about a misunderstanding, but Dolgyu realized it was not a misunderstanding at all. Yi-Han was always ready to give Jijel a hard time whenever the opportunity arose. Of course, he would claim it was self-defense...
"It'll be fine... probably. I'll relay messages between the two of you... I'd appreciate it if you could do that."
"Oh, Dolgyu. You seem to like the role of messenger."
"..."
Dolgyu was too exhausted to respond.
Several students from the Blue Dragon had come to the front of the &lt;Basic Swordsmanship&gt; classroom. The White Tiger students, with displeased expressions, asked, "What brings you here?"
"We've come to prevent you from collectively attacking Wardanaz!"
"What, what? That's our line!" The White Tiger students felt truly wronged. Although they had struck first, if they compared the blows, Wardanaz had overwhelmingly outmatched them.
However, the Blue Dragon students didn't listen to such excuses. They made threatening noises, but upon Yi-Han's arrival, they quickly grabbed his arms and pulled him away.
"Hurry! We don't know what those guys might pull off."
"It should be fine."
"We're here to protect you, Wardanaz, especially with the summoned creatures being loose!"
Yi-Han was dragged away without even properly greeting Dolgyu.
'I'm really fine.'
The Blue Dragon students kept a vigilant eye out as they said, "Be careful, Wardanaz. Those from the White Tiger are like beasts."
"Isn't the next class Alchemy? Let's go together."
Yonaire looked puzzled at Yi-Han being dragged by their friends.
"Why are you being dragged here by the arms?"
"Maykin! You can't be so careless about safety! The outside of the tower is unconditionally dangerous!"
'I think Yi-Han could beat all of you...' Yonaire, knowing Yi-Han's skills, looked on with a mix of amusement and disbelief.
"That's right. The situation is indeed very dangerous."
"The unparalleled genius celebrated by the Flameng Order, the master of Alchemy, Priestess Siana. It's been a while."
Yi-Han spoke, his arms still held by his friends.
'Unparalleled genius?'
'Master of Alchemy?'
The Blue Dragon students were puzzled. They knew Priestess Siana was skilled in Alchemy, but was she that renowned?
Priestess Siana smiled pleasantly and offered a flask, saying, "This is a monster repellant potion I've made. Wardanaz of the Wardanaz family, please take it and use it. When sprayed, it emits a scent that monsters dislike."
"I'm truly touched by such a wonderful gift."
Arriving late, Nillia whispered in confusion, "Why do you speak so formally in front of Priestess Siana?"
"Nillia. To survive in society in the Empire, one must act like this..."
"??"
Nillia didn't understand. Yi-Han didn't expect her to grasp it immediately.
'Anyway, I'm grateful.'
Yi-Han carefully took the monster repellant potion. Considering that summoned creatures were roaming the academy premises in the third week of the semester, they might enter the dormitories by the fifth week. And perhaps by the seventh week, demons might appear at the academy...
"Everyone, take your seats."
Professor Uregor yawned as he opened the door of the Gaksu Pavilion and entered. The students, suppressing their hatred, greeted him.
"Have you completed the potions?"
"Yes (Thanks to you, it was hard)."
"Of course (We'll see about that someday)."
Despite lacking the ability of heart-reading, Yi-Han seemed to hear the true feelings hidden in the students' words.
"What? You've completed it all? Are you sure you're not mistaken?"
Professor Uregor asked in a voice full of disappointment. Priestess Siana responded curtly.
"We had to brainstorm together because there seemed to be a problem with the method you taught us, Professor."
"Why would you do that? You all don't get along with each other!"
"..."
"..."
With a comment that could inadvertently unite even the most discordant students, Professor Uregor grumbled.
"Anyway, you all worked hard. By successfully creating a &lt;Lesser Spirit Affinity Potion&gt; from start to finish, you can now truly say you've taken your first steps as novice alchemists. Of course, the results won't be perfect."
Professor Uregor picked up a flask submitted by the students, opened it, and waved a strangely moving twig above it. A faint, candle-like flame barely caught on the twig.
"See? The potion's power is weak, isn't it?"
He huffed and extinguished the flame. Then, he opened another flask and shook the twig again. A similarly faint flame briefly appeared. Professor Uregor looked very pleased as he put out the flame.
However, the next flask caused a flame so intense that it nearly burnt the twig completely. Professor Uregor, hastily pulling back his beard to avoid the fire, glared at Yi-Han with a resentful look.
Yi-Han felt extremely unjustly treated.
'It's not my fault he didn't check the label on the potion bottle...!'
"Of course, there are well-made potions, but it's too early to be arrogant. Getting cocky just because of a bit of luck could lead to serious trouble."
Asan seemed deeply impressed by the professor's words and nodded. Yi-Han wanted to warn him not to be fooled but had no chance to do so.
"Now then..."
Professor Uregor swung his staff, opening all the flasks' stoppers to check the flames. Simultaneously, a floating quill rapidly wrote down numbers. Yi-Han saw a '10' written next to his name, signifying a perfect score.
-10. What a boring guy.-
"..."
Is it really okay for a professor to be like this?
"Today, we'll practice an important element of alchemy: spirits. A skilled alchemist must not only finish potions but also obsess over enhancing their effects. The easiest way among these methods is... using spirits."
Professor Uregor clenched and unclenched his fist. On his palm appeared a cute rabbit, as if made from gathered snowflakes.
All the students gasped in awe.
Yi-Han suddenly turned his gaze to his waist. The bone summon tied to his belt rattled as if asking what was going on.
'Hmm. There's a reason why true dark magic isn't popular.'
"This is my frequently used ice spirit, Mr. Rabbit. He might look small and cute but don't underestimate him. He alone can obliterate all of you here."
Mr. Rabbit nodded with a prideful emotion. The students were quite flustered.
He doesn't look like that at all...
"Don't think you'll start with a spirit like this. It's too much for your level."
Contracting with a spirit was similar to taking out a loan from a bank. First, one must become friendly with lower spirits and improve their credit rating in the spirit world to contract with more powerful spirits.
"Don't even think about being so presumptuous as to attempt a contract all at once. First, think about becoming friends with the spirits. The only way to befriend them is with sincerity and dedication. If you approach with arrogance, the spirits will quickly realize it."
The students diligently took notes of Professor Uregor's words, focusing intently.
Truthfully, this was the most intriguing lesson they had heard so far. Compared to dangerous tasks like collecting materials in the mountains or timing ingredients in an exploding cauldron, 'befriending spirits' seemed like a very exciting and romantic assignment.
Yes, this was what they wanted!
Professor Uregor drew a magic circle, scattering gems and potions in every corner of the classroom. For mages to connect to the spirit world, it was best to try in places with good mountains and water, where the spirit energy was strong. Drawing this magic circle with gems and potions was an attempt to amplify the spirit's energy.
"Drink the potion."
The students, filled with anticipation, drank the potion. Yi-Han also drank his potion.
"Now, go and meet the spirits."
With a swing of his staff, Professor Uregor initiated the process. Instantly, Yi-Han's vision darkened.
Yi-Han recognized this landscape. It was similar to the scene shown by the black book given by the skeletal principal.
The difference was, while the black book forcibly trained him in magic by dragging his mind into an imaginary landscape, Professor Uregor had sent him to the spirit world to meet the spirits forcibly.
'Such a surreal scene.'
On one side was a blazing lava mine, and on the other, a snowstorm raged in icy mountains.
He had clearly landed near the territories of the fire and ice spirits in the vast spirit world.
Not bad at all.
Both the fire and ice spirits were useful. Fire spirits were handy for boiling soup or frying eggs, and ice spirits helped keep meat fresh...
'What am I thinking?'
Yi-Han shook his head to regain his senses. Befriending spirits had nothing to do with one's lineage or magic prowess. It was solely about dedication.
As Professor Uregor said, Yi-Han didn't even think of forming a contract at once.
If he kept trying consistently with sincerity, eventually a spirit would reach out to him.
"!"
Yi-Han blinked. A puppy spirit made of fireballs was happily bounding across the scorched earth.
Carefully, Yi-Han called out to the puppy, "Might you be the noble Mr. Fire Puppy Spirit?"
Yi-Han knew well that when uncertain of the other's identity, it was best to attach any grand-sounding titles that seemed fitting.
The Fire Puppy Spirit looked back at him with an expression that seemed to say, 'What kind of lunatic spouts such nonsense?'
Kwang!!!!!! Kwakwang!!!
"??!"
And then it ran off at an insane speed, almost as if terrified.
"..."
Yi-Han was baffled.
What did I do?!
"Mr. Fire Puppy Spirit! Please come back, Mr. Fire Puppy Spirit!"
No matter how desperately he called, the spirit did not return. Yi-Han wondered if his titles had been too overwhelming.
'Well, being spirits, they might prefer something simpler.'
Upon spotting a Flame Pigeon Spirit, Yi-Han approached a bit more modestly.
"Mr. Flame Pigeon?"
The Flame Pigeon Spirit, squawking like a mad creature, flew off in a frenzy. By this point, Yi-Han began to feel a sense of alienation.
...Huh?
One by one, the students emerged from the spirit world. Although only a few seconds had passed in reality, they were all noisy, each eagerly sharing their experiences.
"Did you see it too!? I made eye contact with a carp spirit in the lake! It didn't run away even though I kept talking to it, so I think we connected a bit!"
"If it didn't run away while I was petting it, that's a good sign, right?"
Professor Uregor plugged his ears with his fingers, frowning at the noisy chatter of the students.
"Enough, enough! Save the chatter for your towers. Anyway, you all must have realized how difficult it is to befriend spirits in the spirit world. Try to make efforts to connect with spirits in the spirit world whenever you have time outside of lectures. The help of spirits can be a considerable aid in alchemy."
"Yes!"
As the students stood up and walked out with satisfied expressions, Professor Uregor called Yi-Han aside. He was curious about Yi-Han's experience in the spirit world.
'Kid. No matter how talented you are, the spirits won't easily listen to you before befriending them.'
"How was it?"
"It's a big problem."
Professor Uregor smiled contentedly.
That's the way!
Freshman alchemists should be like this!
"What happened? The spirits didn't listen to you?"
"They all ran away as soon as they saw me."
"...?"



Chapter 73
The spirits did not welcome guests unconditionally. Though they did not speak, the spirits had their own personalities and preferences. Naturally, there were guests whom the spirits feared.
Professor Uregor recalled a story he had heard in the past. It was about a mage who had no interest in spirits until becoming a great mage, then tried to summon one by contacting the spirit world.
While it was easy for a mage of his caliber to contact the spirit world, the spirits did not like this great mage. It was the intense aura emanating from his soul that frightened the spirits.
A seasoned mercenary, a swordsman who had defeated dozens, lived a life so tumultuous that their soul's color was bound to change.
From Professor Uregor's perspective, it was hard to understand why a great mage who had uncovered so many secrets was treated the same as those above...
But what could he do?
The spirits disliked it.
Thus, it was better to befriend spirits from a younger age. As one grew older, it became harder to do so.
"But why me?"
"Perhaps it's your extreme thoroughness that the spirit senses?"
"..."
"Just kidding. It must be because of your mana."
It was unlikely that Yi-Han of the Wardanaz family had killed someone before enrolling, so it had to be his mana.
An overwhelming mana that even the ordinary spirits could not but be overpowered by!
"Fortunately, there is a solution. The great mage in my story eventually succeeded in befriending the spirit."
"Oh. What is the method?"
"He used magic to forcibly capture the spirit and then became friends with it."
"...Aren't spirits usually stronger in the spirit world?"
Fighting with a spirit in the spirit world was as risky as battling a beast in its own yard.
"There's that minor issue. Anyway, hang in there!"
"..."
Yi-Han was not disappointed. Because being disappointed was something that would make Professor Uregor happy.
'Next time I visit the cabin, I should steal and bring more food.'
Fortunately, his friends worried about Yi-Han's misfortune as if it were their own.
"This is serious, Mr. Yi-Han of the Wardanaz family."
"??"
The students of the Blue Dragon behaved so natural that for a moment he thought Priestess Sianna was a fellow student there.
'How long have you been here?'
'I don't know either...'
"Sometimes, due to misunderstandings with spirits, people who frighten spirits emerge. We've had such cases in our order too."
"Is there no way to solve it?"
At Yonaire's question, Priestess Siana pondered deeply.
"If the spirits avoid you in fear when you enter the spirit world... one solution could be to first meet and befriend spirits in our world. If you gain acceptance or friendship from a spirit, receiving a mark from them could soften their wariness."
Yi-Han looked at the wooden staff he was holding.
...Come to think of it, isn't this a staff inhabited by a tree spirit?
Yi-Han sighed inwardly. It seemed the staff inhabited by the tree spirit was not the solution.
"Is there no other way? Perhaps in the Flameng Order..."
"In our order, we often use potions for solutions."
Being an alchemical order, the Flameng Order resolved issues through alchemy.
At Priestess Siana's words, Yi-Han's face lit up.
"Is it possible to solve it with potions?"
"Of course."
The potion he drank during Professor Uregor's lecture was also a spirit affinity potion. A potion that made it easier to contact the spirit world and allowed one to stay there longer. That was a lesser potion, so using a more powerful one could not only erase the spirits' fear but also make one appear more attractive to them.
"Wow...!"
"That's possible?"
The students of the Blue Dragon were amazed. The reputation of the Flameng Order was not unfounded. Yonaire spoke with eyes full of anticipation.
"I've heard about it. The Flameng Order has potions specifically tailored for spirits..."
"You are well-informed, Miss Yonaire of the Maykin family. I have helped in concocting one of those arcane potions. If you wish, I can make one for you," Priestess Siana spoke kindly. Though it was the Flameng Order's secret, it could be shared with someone like the boy from the Wardanaz family who knew and respected the Order's greatness.
That was the Flameng Order's philosophy.
"If it's completed, could we also...?"
"Of course."
Priestess Siana nodded in response to the cautiously raised question from the students of the Blue Dragon. If the potion was completed, distributing it to other students wouldn't be too difficult.
"However, it requires quite a lot of ingredients. Look."
Priestess Siana took out a piece of paper and began to list the necessary ingredients with a quill. Despite writing quickly, the list rapidly filled the page with numerous items.
Galpiri, Nysins Flower, Dadudek Beetle, Rubyfied Aosite, …, …, ...
"Can we even gather all these?"
"It might indeed be difficult to find them on your own. But there's a way. In Professor Uregor's workshop, located on the upper floor of the Gaksu Pavilion, you'll find all the items listed here."
"..."
"…?"
Yi-Han, who had been listening quietly, was suddenly perplexed.
...What does she mean?
'Ah. She means to ask for Professor Uregor's permission.'
Yi-Han corrected himself. Priestess Siana wouldn't suggest stealing, not to Yi-Han or anyone else.
"If you're resolute, I'll sneak into the workshop with you and get the ingredients."
"..."
Yi-Han was astounded at Priestess Siana’s words.
No...
No...!
But the other students of the Blue Dragon were deeply moved.
"Priestess Siana!"
"I was wondering why the Wardanaz praised you so much, but now I understand!"
"Priestess, you are the light and salt of the empire!"
Yi-Han tried to calm his overexcited friends.
"Priestess Siana. I appreciate your words, but isn't that method a bit... risky?"
"But, Mr. Yi-Han of the Wardanaz family. This is actually encouraged by the academy."
"..."
That's right!
Yi-Han found himself unable to argue. It was true, as the Skull Principal had suggested it.
Priestess Siana, with her serpentine pupils characteristic of her snake mixed-blood, smiled thinly.
"Oh dear. You must be worried. But don't be. Mr. Yi-Han of the Wardanaz, you've roamed the academy at night several times without ever being caught."
"The Wardanaz did do that."
The students of the Blue Dragon felt proud as if it were their own accomplishment. Asan blushed on their behalf, brushing his nose.
"Even if we get caught, we won't hold it against you."
"We feel the same. Wardanaz."
"...Thanks a lot."
"What's this about?"
Despite his friends' camaraderie, Yi-Han considered Sianna's proposal intriguing.
Bank robbers in stories never just retire but always fixate on one big heist. One big score could make life easier.
It was the same with Uregor's workshop.
'Considering the upcoming semester, the alchemy class could turn into a hell of assignments.'
Not only in alchemy classes but also in other classes, there was always the uncertainty of sudden shifts into assignment hell. If one could secure a large supply of alchemy materials, it would allow for a flexible response to such assignments. Just one big score and...!
Chuckle-
“?”
Yi-Han turned his head.
Nillia was poking him in the ribs.
At her action, Yi-Han came back to his senses.
‘Oops. Was I getting carried away with crazy ideas?’
"Why, Nillia?"
“...This time, don’t just take Ratford with you without me.”
"..."
Yi-Han looked up at the sky.
Regardless of Yi-Han's complicated feelings, the sky above the magic academy remained cloudless and blue.
Inside the academy, despite the occasional escape of summoned creatures and the professors pondering over what torturous assignments to give next, some things remained unchanged.
One of those was the teaching style of Professor Boladi.
Thwack!
‘Ugh.’
Once again, unable to block, Yi-Han gritted his teeth as a bead hit his back.
Yi-Han had gotten somewhat accustomed, but he couldn't completely keep up with Professor Boladi's control.
The unpredictable trajectories created by twisting in all directions and then targeting the weak spots were something only those who experienced them could understand, a deadly intimidation.
And the penetrating power was extraordinary.
If Yi-Han even slightly weakened the cohesion of the water beads, Boladi would instantly notice and attempt to penetrate.
"You're not focusing."
"No, I am."
Yi-Han was concentrating. It was just that Professor Boladi was continuously raising the difficulty.
Yi-Han was improving, but every time he did, Boladi raised the bar much higher, making failure inevitable.
However, Professor Boladi, having put his full effort, did not at all think that Yi-Han had been bested.
'Why is that?'
Boladi was perplexed as he noticed Yi-Han, who had been doing quite well so far, starting to falter.
It was one thing if a student had always been poor or had run away, but this boy from the Wardanaz family had been performing fairly well.
Of course, 'fairly well' in Boladi's eyes might have been 'should we report this to the Emperor along with the Skull Principal?' in the eyes of other professors, but to Boladi, it was decent.
Drop-
The bead stopped mid-air.
“?”
Yi-Han was on guard, suspecting a trap.
'Is this a new pattern?'
Was the bead stopping a fake rest before launching a new attack?
It was exactly the kind of thing Professor Boladi would do.
"I see why you're not focusing."
"!"
Yi-Han was startled. Could it be that Boladi had figured out his plan to raid Professor Uregor's workshop?
"Like when you defeated the golem, are you trying to add a spin attribute to the water beads?"
"..."
Yi-Han had an idea where the leak might have occurred.
'The Skull Principal...!'
Since Professor Uregor wasn't particularly close to Boladi, the only person who would have babbled to Boladi was the Skull Principal.
"No, I wasn’t planning any such thing..."
"You're being overly ambitious."
‘I know.’
Yi-Han sighed inwardly at the absurd misunderstanding.
Just because he had luckily defeated a mud golem, he never indulged in fantasies like 'I'm a genius, I should add spin to my water beads from now on.'
"Don't be anxious."
Anyone who knew Professor Boladi would have been surprised to hear such advice as 'You're being overly ambitious' or 'Don't be anxious'.
Fundamentally, Professor Boladi was someone who seemed to have had the concepts of teaching and common sense surgically removed.
-"If I can do it, so should you. Why can't you? Do it."-
This was a belief fervently held by Professor Boladi.
That such a person would say things like 'You're being overly ambitious' or 'Don't be anxious' was as unlikely as the sun rising in the west, yet Yi-Han naturally did not grasp the weight of these words.
'I'm not going to do it...'
He had absolutely no intention of doing so, yet Professor Boladi's insistence was nothing but bewildering.
Such are professors!
"Wait."
"?"
However, Professor Boladi paused, extending his hand and sinking into thought. For the first time, Boladi tried to consider things from the student's perspective. It was an unwittingly great step forward.
'If I were that boy from the Wardanaz family?'
He wouldn't have felt reassured just by hearing 'Don't be anxious'. Those who see a path before them and do not take it do not deserve to be called mages.
"I see." Boladi seemed to understand something.
"What do you mean by 'I see'?"
Yi-Han felt a sense of foreboding. Usually, when professors came to a self-satisfactory conclusion, it seldom led to good outcomes.
"From now on, it's okay to be anxious. I'll make sure you focus."
"Wait...!"
Before Yi-Han could even utter 'a moment', Professor Boladi's storm resumed.



Chapter 74
Having newly awakened to the novel attributes of magic, the question arose: how should one deter a student eager to pursue this path?
It was enough to inform them that stepping onto this path could lead to death.
Professor Boladi swung the bead like a madman. It was no joke; a serious murderous intent was palpable. Furthermore...
‘The weight of the bead has increased!’
Yi-Han realized from the sensation felt during the collision of the beads that Professor Boladi had increased their weight. It was as if he was urging Yi-Han to not focus on frivolous spinning but to compress the water bead even more… But Yi-Han would have understood even if he had just said it.
In the classroom, where only the two of them were present, sparks flew. In the tense atmosphere, different from before, only the sound of explosions could be heard.
Silently, they glared at each other as they controlled the magic beads.
'...Should I kill the professor?'
This wasn't the first time such a thought had crossed Yi-Han's mind.
Of course, the notion of killing was just a joke; it was more about breaking a bone or two to inflict pain.
It wasn't an emotional decision. Currently, Professor Boladi was seriously hurling the beads with murderous intent. However, Yi-Han's control over magic had improved significantly in a short time, but he was not yet at a level to defeat the veteran Professor Boladi in a one-on-one battle. In such a situation, how could Yi-Han survive?
Kill the professor... Not exactly, but at least distract him enough to prevent proper concentration.
'Can I do it?'
Yi-Han concentrated with all his might, maintaining the compressed water bead while a new spell flowed from his lips.
"Spring forth!"
With the incantation, new water began to form and appear in the air.
For a freshman with little magic experience, such simultaneous magic was almost taboo, but it was insignificant for Yi-Han.
Having confirmed several times through experience that a bit of mana waste was not a problem, the immediate threat was Professor Boladi, more dangerous to his life than the waste of mana.
"!"
A flicker of emotion passed through Professor Boladi's impassive eyes.
'Is he thinking of increasing the number of beads?'
It was a thought befitting a cornered freshman, but not a good one.
Increasing the number of beads would only make control more difficult, and Professor Boladi could easily break through them.
Acting was good, but the direction was wrong...
"Shield, unfold!"
Yi-Han shouted with a strong desire, and in an instant, a massive water mass transformed into a solid shield, enveloping him. At this sight, the corners of Professor Boladi's mouth twitched slightly upward.
&lt;Water Shield&gt; was a 2nd circle spell that summoned water and fixed it into a shield shape.
The spell itself was not particularly difficult. However, the boy from the Wardanaz family had never directly learned &lt;Water Shield&gt;.
He had deduced the spell himself. Summoning water was a 1st circle magic, &lt;Water Creation&gt;. And moving the water and shaping it was &lt;Lesser Control&gt;, also a 1st circle magic.
While some might not grasp a spell even if taught the incantations and gestures, self-reasoning and developing spells was a very good sign. To become an exceptional mage, it wasn't enough to just follow the spells written in a spellbook; one needed to innovate and create.
'While better than increasing the number of beads, the water shield is still not a good choice.'
Admiration was admiration, but Professor Boladi was ready to teach his student a lesson. The bead, with concentrated mana, rushed towards the shield with deadly speed.
The shield, created on the spot, would simply be pierced through…
Clang!
"!"
Professor Boladi's eyes widened ever so slightly. The water shield was stronger than he had anticipated. Only then did he realize the true nature of the water shield.
It was imbued with several times the amount of mana compared to a normal water shield.
Since it didn't need to move as quickly as the beads, Yi-Han had poured an abundance of mana into it, increasing and compressing the water to enhance its strength.
While water beads required control, the water shield's relative ease of control allowed its overwhelming mana to shine.
Before he could even admire it, a water bead circumvented the shield and flew toward Professor Boladi's head, intending to crush it. The tables had turned.
Professor Boladi tilted his head slightly to dodge. Not a hint of panic was visible on his face.
"Go, tear it apart!"
Yi-Han commanded his bone summon. The bone summon, waiting on his belt, lunged forward.
Simultaneously, Yi-Han kicked a chair from under the water shield toward the professor, his determination to shatter Boladi palpable.
In response to all these attacks, Professor Boladi merely smiled. Yi-Han felt as if he had encountered a Demon Prince of Hell.
Behind Professor Boladi, who had so far only handled one bead, another appeared.
This new bead annihilated the bone summon (Crack!), shattered the incoming chair (Smash!), and cleaved through the water shield in a single stroke.
Professor Boladi looked at Yi-Han, who watched back, wondering what the Demon Prince of Hell would say.
"Well done."
"..."
Was he not a Demon Prince of Hell, but the Demon King of Hell?
It took seventeen questions before Yi-Han could understand, or rather guess, what Professor Boladi was thinking.
Indeed, completely understanding Professor Boladi's thoughts might forever remain an impossibility.
'Ah. So...'
Although the lesson was supposed to be about controlling water beads, Professor Boladi fundamentally appreciated creative attempts by students (if they were effective), and that's why he approved of Yi-Han's use of the water shield, chair-kicking, and bone summon.
Hearing this, Yi-Han wondered if he would receive the same praise from Professor Boladi if he set the classroom on fire.
Next time his life was threatened, he might just set a fire...
'No. Then the skull principal would kill me.'
Yi-Han felt disappointed.
"It seems your thoughts about spinning have diminished."
"Thanks to you, Professor."
Yi-Han struggled to keep his voice free of killing intent.
"Feeling attracted to spinning properties now is natural. But don't be hasty. You will focus on spinning eventually. Sometimes, the longer path is the shortcut."
"..."
Had another professor said this, it might have been touching. But coming from Professor Boladi, who always seemed to chase him down a shortcut with a knife, it wasn't as moving.
'It feels like I'm already on a shortcut.'
"Yes. I will focus only on what I am learning now, not even dreaming of spinning properties."
"You might be guessing already."
"...?"
Yi-Han wasn't surprised by Professor Boladi's habit of leaving things unsaid.
'Let's read calmly.'
"Your next challenge will be just that."
"Excuse me, but what do you mean?"
"The very thing you just demonstrated."
Once the control of a single bead became proficient, it was time to move on. A mage must never pause. They must continuously evolve and explore.
Professor Boladi gestured, and all the tables and chairs around them stood up, as if threatening Yi-Han.
"In the future, you will learn to concentrate amidst surrounding chaos."
"...Wow."
"You may use the same techniques you just demonstrated."
"Is that so?"
Yi-Han was slightly surprised.
He had expected Professor Boladi to demand, 'Increase your skill by blocking only with the beads.'
But allowing the use of a shield...
"Yes. I'll adjust the difficulty accordingly, so don't worry and just focus on the task at hand."
"..."
If Yi-Han could handle the beads while using other magic, there was no need to discourage him.
Using other magic while controlling the beads would indeed be more beneficial.
"Shouldn't I abandon the shield and the summons as I did with spinning, to better focus?"
"No. Spinning directly affects the control of water beads, but shields and summons do not. The sooner you adapt, the better."
Yi-Han was grateful to the skull principal. He hadn't mentioned the incident of causing a fire in the mountains to bake a mud golem.
Had he also spoken about the fire, he couldn't imagine the horrific situation that might have ensued.
Evening.
Professor Bungaegor, noticing Yi-Han's unusually tired face while tending the garden behind the cabin, expressed concern.
Of course, fatigue was common among all students at the school, but the boy from the Wardanaz family seemed much more resilient compared to others.
Yet he appeared so exhausted.
"What have you been doing lately to be so tired?"
"Is that so? I'm fine."
Yi-Han continued digging potatoes and placing them in a basket. Despite trying to appear calm, his fingers greedily twitched around the potatoes.
"Tell me about your daily schedule."
"I'm really fine."
Yi-Han, looking puzzled, described his day.
First, he woke up early, went to the stables to forcibly threaten and feed a disobedient horse, bathed and brushed it, then took it for a walk before returning. He then prepared breakfast with the perishable groceries, opting for recipes that easily increased in volume.
After generously feeding the students of the Blue Dragon, he attended morning classes, prepared lunch, then went for afternoon classes...
"..."
"Why do you ask?"
"Oh, no. Go on. What classes did you have? Now that I think about it, I'm curious."
"Today I attended Professor Boladi's &lt;Repetitive Training of Basic Magic Combat&gt; class."
"..."
Bungaegor's expression visibly contorted.
Why, of all lectures, did he attend one by a madman like Professor Boladi?
"...So, after all that, I'm just tending the garden."
"You truly were born to represent the Blue Dragon."
"?"
"Forget it. So... after such a hard day, you don't have any complaints about working in the garden?"
Yi-Han was momentarily skeptical. Usually, when professors say 'Tell me if you have any complaints,' it was wise to be wary. It was often a trap. But apart from that, he didn't really have any complaints about the garden work.
"Not really?" Yi-Han said, holding a potato and a carrot in each hand. The rewards he got from the garden were very satisfying.
Bungaegor suddenly felt an unnecessary sense of guilt… Should the empire's finest talents be doing this??
"Well... Alright. By the way, there's a cow I brought in the back. If you want, you can milk it whenever you need and take the milk."
"Professor...!"
Yi-Han looked at Professor Bungaegor with an unprecedented level of respect, something he had never shown before. Professor Bungaegor, finding the situation absurd, was about to say something but restrained herself.
While Yi-Han worked in the garden, Professor Bungaegor, seemingly bored, kept asking questions.
They talked about spirits running away in fear (even though there was a tree spirit around?), and how, thanks to the tree spirit, the crops in the garden were growing better than expected, suggesting that it might be a good idea to grow more varieties (don't just admire Uregor, take some)...
After finishing his work, Yi-Han, washing his hands in the flowing stream and shaking them dry, suddenly had a thought and asked.
"Professor, is it possible to get a flying mount from the school?"
"...Why, why do you ask that?"
Professor Bungaegor's voice cracked oddly, but Yi-Han didn't notice.



Chapter 75
"It's just pure academic curiosity," declared Yi-Han, a person adept at deceiving his professor. Despite Professor Bungaegor being one of the most renowned adventurers of the Empire, she couldn't fathom that Yi-Han was searching for a flying mount to escape the academy.
"You might find something," replied Professor Bungaegor cautiously, examining Yi-Han's expression to gauge if he had caught on.
Fortunately, the young boy from the Wardanaz family seemed unaware of the fact that one of the horses in the stable, tended by the freshmen, was actually a griffin!
"This academy is so vast, it lacks nothing," she added.
"But it lacks warm meals or essentials, or care for its students," Yi-Han retorted, which Professor Bungaegor chose to ignore.
"There are mountains, lakes, underground dungeons... surely, there must be flying creatures," the professor mused.
"If I find one, could I tame it?" Yi-Han inquired.
"That would be difficult. Even experienced trainers struggle with taming wild monsters, especially the flying ones," Professor Bungaegor explained earnestly. If taming were easy, people wouldn't choose to fight monsters they encountered outside. Moreover, creatures capable of flight were often temperamental and wild.
"It requires complete understanding of what you're dealing with. Ordinary knowledge isn't enough. Knowing its habits, gradually befriending it and understanding its characteristics... but you'll likely fail many times in the process," she warned.
"Professor, could you teach me in your spare time? I don't plan to attempt it recklessly right now," Yi-Han lied, already planning to act as soon as he felt confident.
"I wouldn't want to miss the chance to tame a monster in the future," said Yi-Han, his eyes burning with sincere passion.
Seeing this, Professor Bungaegor felt a surge of enthusiasm. As a teacher, she couldn't just stand by when her student showed such interest.
"Very well! I'll teach you in my free time. But be warned, it's not an easy study," she agreed.
Despite the daunting task of memorizing thick books about local monsters and the practical challenges that awaited, Professor Bungaegor believed the boy from the Wardanaz family was up to the task. With his interest and passion, it seemed entirely possible.
'He seems very interested in flying and exploring. The lad...'
'I'll find the most suitable beast, tame it, and then escape.'
The professor and student nodded to each other, each harboring different thoughts.
After the conversation, Professor Bungaegor trudged off to see the garden that Yi-Han had finished working on. To her surprise, she found that the garden, neither too large nor too small, was impeccably maintained.
She had expected Yi-Han to plant a few vegetables for personal use, but the garden was thriving with various edible vegetables like carrots, onions, potatoes, sweet potatoes, cabbages, and even medicinal herbs like chamomile, basil, and rosemary.
'Is he planning to start a farm?'
Noticing the professor's astonished gaze, Yi-Han reassured her that everything was under control.
"I too was worried at first," he admitted.
"About what?"
"Whether it would grow well in such a confined space. But thanks to the staff of the tree spirit, it seems to be thriving without any issues. Isn't that fortunate?"
Professor Bungaegor gazed at the jug of milk on the table, which she had set aside to give to Yi-Han when he returned. Observing Yi-Han's current work, she thought the jug alone might not suffice.
"Wait here. You should have something to eat before you go back," she suggested.
"??"
Yi-Han bit into a roasted potato skewered on a wooden stick as he headed towards the dormitory. If one forgot they were in a magic academy, it could have been a romantic evening. One arm held a basket filled with the day's harvest, the other a freshly baked, salted new potato skewer... He felt like a farmer returning home after a bountiful market day.
'Maybe living like this after retirement wouldn't be so bad,' he mused.
The new potatoes tasted exceptionally good, perhaps due to the atmosphere. Even just baked and salted, they seemed to melt deliciously with each bite. He understood why Professor Bungaegor had insisted on giving him these roasted potatoes.
'Did she regret eating such tasty potatoes alone? Maybe she wanted to boast about them...'
Yi-Han hadn't realized that the potatoes had come from his own garden.
"?"
"Princess, I've organized the materials from the library and brought them to you."
"I've also gathered what we need for the assignment after asking other students! It will be helpful to you."
"I found a book this time..."
'What is this?'
It was the princess and her followers. Freshmen from different towers had gathered, sparing no effort in helping the princess with her classes.
Yi-Han chewed his potato in surprise.
'There's such a method?'
He was almost jealous enough to report to the professors, 'The princess is exploiting her peers with her unfair power.' Yi-Han had to struggle through nights in the library with friends, while the princess received information just by breathing.
'Is it because of her royal blood? But that doesn't explain Gainando. How does one acquire such devoted followers?'
While Yi-Han pondered this, the princess thanked her followers and walked up alongside them. Yi-Han, who was observing from the stairs while munching on his potato, caught the eye of his friends.
"What a fine evening," he remarked, unfazed. The followers of the princess, recognizing the face of the boy from the Wardanaz family, who practically ruled the Blue Dragon, quickly bowed their heads. It was natural for them to be cautious; any misstep could make life difficult for the princess in the tower.
"Greetings, Mr. Wardanaz!"
As one student shouted this, the others looked at him in confusion, wondering if they should follow suit.
"Greetings, Mr. Wardanaz!"
"Uh... Greetings, Mr. Wardanaz!"
"..."
Yi-Han unconsciously scanned the surroundings, relieved that no one else was watching.
'If someone saw, I'd be sent to the punishment room for no reason.'
Unsure why the followers were trying to mess with him, Yi-Han responded as calmly as he could.
"It's good to see everyone. I see you've been talking with the princess."
"Yes!"
"We are just thankful for the opportunity to serve the princess and appreciate the efforts of Mr. Wardanaz," they responded.
"We look forward to your continued support!"
Yi-Han wondered, 'Will they attack if I don't take care of her?' Zealous supporters were always a frightening prospect, especially since the princess's supporters extended beyond the magic academy. Considering his future social life after graduation, he felt the need to tolerate their unfair pressure.
"Of course. Don't worry."
Yi-Han didn't mention that he received extra silver for taking care of the princess. He thought it better to change the subject. Prolonging the conversation about the princess could bring up the topic of his undue benefits.
"Have you all had dinner yet?"
"...?"
The princess's followers realized only then that Yi-Han was carrying something. It was a roasted potato.
The sight of a cold-faced boy with an aristocratic air offering roasted potatoes on skewers baffled the students.
'Is this some noble joke?'
'Is it okay to eat?'
'Is this a test?'
"Aren't you going to eat?"
"Well, we will eat, thank you."
One student, apparently hungry, reached out and took a roasted potato. Yi-Han sprinkled salt on it himself. For a moment, the student tensed, fearing it was some magic powder.
'Ah, it's just salt.'
"Is it okay?"
"It's... delicious!"
It wasn't just because of Yi-Han's influence; the freshly roasted new potatoes were objectively tasty. The student who received the potato chewed eagerly, then scalded his palate and choked.
"Here, have some milk too."
"Tha... thank you."
Having swallowed the warm potato, the student suddenly felt that Yi-Han's cold demeanor seemed somewhat softer.
...Was it a magic potato?
"May we have some too?"
"Yes. Go ahead."
The hesitant followers slowly reached out and took the roasted potatoes. Under the warm evening sunlight, the freshmen of the magic academy became a little closer as they ate the potatoes.
"Let's offer one to the princess!"
"How dare you! What if the princess is offended by such absurd rudeness!"
One student, about to offer a potato to the princess, withdrew his hand at his friends' words. Yi-Han thought he saw the princess, standing aloofly, look a bit downcast, like a hungry Gainando.
'That's a harsh comparison.'
Yi-Han felt remorse. The princess hadn't even had breakfast that day. He discreetly offered her a roasted potato where others couldn't see.
"You might want to try a little."
Though the students didn't see, Yi-Han clearly saw the princess attempting to pop the entire peeled, hot potato into her mouth.
"Cut it first! Cut it before you eat!"
"..."
The princess, as if nothing had happened, put down the potato, cut it, and started to eat.
The students, hearing Yi-Han's shout, turned their heads in confusion.
"What are you cutting?"
“The potatoes, and then eat them.”
"Haha… even if we're hungry, we don't just gulp them down. We always cut the potatoes before eating them, Mr Wardanaz.”
"..."
Yi-Han glanced at the princess, then at the student, and thought to himself.
'That guy's not going to make it far in life...'
The next morning, Yi-Han finished his work in the stables and, along with his friends, walked to Professor Garcia's class on &lt;Basic Magic Understanding&gt;.
Yi-Han yawned, his face betraying an unusual tiredness, prompting Yonaire to ask with concern, “You look sleepy. Are you alright? Did you have trouble sleeping?”
“I slept fine, but I had a nightmare…”
“What did you dream about?”
“A dream involving a professor.”
Yonaire, considering Yi-Han's mental health, chose not to probe further.
It seemed the impression left by Professor Boladi's class had infiltrated Yi-Han's dreams. In the nightmare, Professor Boladi had instructed Yi-Han to mount a frenzied griffin, pass through a ring of fire, and control water beads. It was a terrible nightmare.
“Good morning, everyone.”
“Good morning, Professor!”
As Professor Garcia entered the room, Yi-Han felt a sense of relief wash over him. He hadn't known before enrolling that meeting a troll could be such a comforting experience.
“Last week, Professor Mortum visited to teach us about dark magic, remember?”
Murmurs and gasps of ‘huh’ filled the room, a mix of fear and apprehension at the mention of dark magic again.
“This week, another professor will teach us about summoning magic.”
The classroom erupted in excited exclamations.
Yi-Han suddenly felt a pang of sympathy for Professor Mortum, who wasn’t even present.



Chapter 76
"Thank you all for such a warm welcome," said Professor Millei, the summoning magic professor, as he entered the classroom, puzzled by the heated atmosphere.
Despite his advanced age, Professor Millei, who maintained a dignified posture, was unmistakably a noble from a prestigious imperial family, evident to anyone who saw him. Nobility from great families always had a way of standing out, even in their walk and talk.
'Though, those from the Blue Dragon are somewhat an exception.'
Of course, the students trapped and starving in the tower were exceptions. Whether noble or not, dignity fades when one is possessed by hunger.
Professor Millei slightly adjusted his monocle, his demeanor that of a strict perfectionist.
But Yi-Han was not intimidated.
'Anyone is better than Professor Boladi,' he mused.
Professor Garcia began a brief explanation.
"Like dark magic, formal summoning magic class is also taught from the second year. However, the reason for inviting Professor Millei today is not only a great opportunity to learn what summoning magic is but also..."
-■■■■■
Just then, a summoned creature that had escaped from the academy grounds howled outside, causing the windows to tremble.
"...considering the current situation of the academy, I thought it would be helpful for all of you," concluded Professor Garcia.
"Professor Garcia...!"
"We have no one but you, Professor!"
Some students took out handkerchiefs to wipe their tears.
Professor Millei watched this display without a change in his expression and then spoke in a firm voice.
"Professor Garcia, shall we begin?"
"Yes, please start."
"Who among you is interested in summoning magic?"
All the students raised their hands, including Yi-Han. He couldn't understand why Professor Mortum's sad face briefly crossed his mind.
'But summoning magic is truly wonderful,' he thought.
Like dark magic, which varied from curses, elemental summons, undead raising, to negative energy, summoning magic encompassed numerous fields - elemental summoning, demon summoning, monster summoning, artifact summoning, magic object summoning, and more.
As a magic that included a variety of entities, from living beings to inanimate objects (even overlapping with dark magic to some extent), its utility was boundless.
Old tales often spoke of mages who lived happily ever after (and lazily) by contracting with an exceptional summon. While not all aspects of these tales were believable, they indicated how prosperous one could become with mastery in summoning magic.
"Thank you. However, there may be at most one student here who is qualified to learn summoning magic."
Silence fell in the classroom.
Professors had a knack for dampening spirits, and Professor Millei was no exception. He continued sternly.
"I will not mince words. Summoning magic is difficult. If you lack the ability to learn and attend the second-year class unnecessarily, it will be hard on the student.”
'Now that's a professor.'
Yi-Han was impressed.
If a student lacks the ability to learn, a professor should discourage or wait for them, rather than thinking, ‘Why can’t they learn? Let’s see if they can’t learn even before they die.’ If you think that, aren’t you a gangster, not a professor?
“Summoning magic isn’t something you can learn with just knowledge in one area of magic. To summon spirits, you need a deep understanding of spirit studies; to summon demons, a deep understanding of demonology; to summon monsters, a deep understanding of monster studies. Even inanimate object summoning, which is relatively easy, is not simple. So I say it again. If you're not confident, it's better not to take an interest in summoning magic.”
Yet, the students seemed even more intrigued.
Given their young age, how many would retreat just because it was difficult? They all looked more eager now.
This was the complete opposite of dark magic, which they had been indifferent to despite it being deemed easy.
Professor Garcia whispered softly, "They are all talented students. Would you give them a chance?"
Professor Millei nodded his head in agreement.
With a flick of his wand, strange geometrically patterned magic circle scrolls appeared in front of the students. Unlike disposable scrolls that activated upon tearing, these were fixed scrolls with magic circles drawn on their open surfaces.
"You all are taking &lt;Basic Imperial Geometry and Arithmetic&gt;, aren't you?"
"Yes," they replied.
Hearing the name of the class, the students' faces twisted as if they had just bitten into frogs.
Enduring the torture of those dreadful numbers was not something many students could handle, not being magic or liberal arts.
'Honestly, that's one of the easier subjects,' thought Yi-Han, swallowing the thought that would have earned him a stoning had his friends heard it.
"It's too difficult!"
"Then you have no chance of learning summoning magic."
Upon uttering those words and risking elimination from learning summoning magic, Gainando closed his mouth.
"Pay attention in &lt;Basic Imperial Geometry and Arithmetic&gt;. The creation and calculation of magic circles are essential in summoning magic."
Yi-Han examined the magic circle.
Unlike Gainando, whose eyes were spinning in confusion, Yi-Han could discern what type of magic circle it was.
'So, the mana flows like this...'
Magic circles were akin to circuits.
While electrical circuits conducted electricity, magic circles conducted mana. Any mage who had cast magic knew how difficult it was. The higher the complexity of the magic, the greater the difficulty.
The required amount of mana increased, and the structure of the magic became more complex.
Magic at a certain level was not deemed 'humanly possible' without reason.
These magic circles aided the mages. Amplifying in some parts, reducing in others, bypassing or blocking in various ways, they circulated mana to alleviate the mage's burden.
While calculating the circulating mana and visualizing it in his mind, Yi-Han suddenly saw a vision of a quill.
'What's this?'
In the world of magic, there were no coincidences.
Yi-Han realized that the quill he just envisioned was related to the magic circle.
"This magic circle summons a quill."
"A quill?"
"To summon a quill...?"
The students were perplexed.
Summoning a quill, rather than something like a dagger, left them wondering, 'Why bother?'
Yi-Han shook his head in disbelief.
'Ungrateful lot.'
Would they take responsibility if Professor Millei were to behave like Professor Boladi? What if he cleared the desks and threw a demon summoning circle at them, saying, 'If you don't want to die, succeed in summoning'?
Fortunately, Professor Millei was different. He spoke in his unchanged, firm voice, "It's a magic quill made of mana. It won't last long once summoned, so focus only on the act of summoning for now."
No sooner had the professor finished speaking than the students started waving their staffs, activating the magic circles.
"Come forth, quill!"
"Magic quill, please appear!"
With each incantation, magic circles flared up or scrolls tore apart.
Though made to withstand mana, these magic circles could easily break and crumble due to a mage's mistake.
As Professor Millei had anticipated this, he waved his staff.
As the damaged magic circles vanished, new ones appeared.
About 30 minutes had passed.
Students from various groups began successfully summoning objects resembling quill. The Blue Dragon, with Yonaire, Adenart, and Asan, had the most successful summonings, followed by decent numbers from the Black Tortoise and the Immortal Phoenix. The White Tiger had the least, but still, a few talented students managed to summon something akin to quill.
Observing the beaming students, Professor Garcia couldn't help but give a bitter smile.
'They shouldn't be pleased with just that.'
Indeed, Professor Millei's face remained as impassive and rigid as a statue. The challenge of summoning magic lay exactly in this: 'Somewhat successful' summoning was as good as a failure! Elemental magic might count as a success despite differences in size or shape, but summoning magic was the complete opposite. If it wasn't perfect, it was meaningless.
It couldn't be helped. Since summoning involved imbuing will into the summoned object, any slight mistake could lead the summon to attack the mage.
At least it was just a quill...
"Dargard, you scoundrel, you attacked me with a magic quill!"
"It's a misunderstanding, Gainando! The quill moved on its own! Besides, it's just a quill!"
"Assassination of royalty! It's an assassination, Yi-Han, help me!"
"It's just a quill, how likely is it to kill someone!"
The quill was indeed enough to cause an uproar.
Anglago of the White Tiger, belonging to the prestigious Alpha family, felt a proud thrill as a sleek quill materialized. Although he felt behind in various magics due to his family status, summoning magic seemed different. Perhaps he was even better than Jijel.
Seeing Yi-Han seated in front of him without a quill or anything else, Anglago couldn't hide his smugness.
‘For the first time, I could defeat the notorious young mage from the Wardanaz family,’ thought Anglago, calling out to Yi-Han.
"Wardanaz, have you failed in summoning?"
Silence from Yi-Han.
"Wardanaz! Don't ignore me! Look at my quill!"
Yonaire, sitting nearby, retorted, "Didn't you have a quill at home? Bragging about a quill?"
"Look at my quill here..."
Bang!!!
A loud noise erupted. Anglago, thinking Yi-Han had invoked dark magic, dove to the ground in fear.
Magic quills began to materialize in droves above Yi-Han's magic circle.
Yi-Han looked at the fluttering quills with a bemused expression.
'A failure.'
He hadn't heard Anglago's taunts; he was too focused. Channeling mana into the fragile magic circle to complete the summoning was difficult for the other students, but for Yi-Han, it was excruciatingly hard. A moment's loss of control could tear the magic circle apart with a surge of mana.
Thus, Yi-Han had almost given up when everyone else began.
'Maybe summoning magic isn't my forte.'
Perhaps Yi-Han's destiny was to be a battle mage like Professor Boladi.
...But, surprisingly, the magic circle didn't break.
Even Yi-Han was astonished.
'Was I capable of this?'
A perfect understanding of the magic circle.
And recently, (forcibly) improved mana control.
When these two merged, Yi-Han managed not to destroy the magic circle.
It was an astonishing achievement.
'Oh, right. The task was to summon.'
Engrossed in successfully channeling mana into the magic circle without breaking it, Yi-Han continued to do so until he realized his mistake.
The task had been to summon a magic quill, not to keep the magic circle intact.
"Appear, quill."
Yi-Han murmured simply and swung his staff.
Bang!!!
In that moment, with a loud noise, magic quills began to materialize in abundance above the magic circle.
Surprised by this unusual failure phenomenon which he had never seen before, Professor Garcia turned his gaze aside.
It seemed like the first time Professor Millei's eyebrows had risen so high.
"Student Yi-Han originally has so much mana, so such failures..."
Before Professor Garcia could finish his excuse, Professor Millei returned his expression to normal and calmly stated, "That's not a failure, Professor Garcia."



Chapter 77
In the world of summoning magic, failure was defined as when the result was even 1% different from the intended target. However, the magic quills now fluttering and falling from the air were a perfect match for their intended targets. The only issue was their excessive number.
Professor Garcia quickly understood this and nodded in agreement.
"That's right. It's not a failure," he acknowledged.
The Troll Professor sighed in slight relief. Although it was his role as a professor to care equally for all students, he couldn't help but worry a bit more about the boy from the Wardanaz family. The boy's inherent mana was so immense that even basic spells became challenging for him.
Fortunately, Yi-Han, unlike a typical freshman, was bravely and steadfastly facing the challenges with a bold and steadfast posture. Still, Professor Garcia felt a pang of guilt. It was, after all, a teacher's duty to provide solutions to such problems.
Professor Garcia, unable to find a proper solution, was the only one among the faculty of the magic academy who felt a sense of guilt.
"Yi-Han is quite talented, isn't he? Seeing his perfect success..." Professor Garcia started.
Professor Millei nodded in response to Garcia's remark. "He is indeed talented."
"Do you think so too?"
Professor Garcia, well aware of the difficulty of summoning magic and Professor Millei's strictness, felt that Millei's recognition was all the more valuable.
"He has the talent for summoning magic. But there is one flaw," Millei pointed out.
"What might that be?" Garcia asked, slightly puzzled.
"Not his mana, Professor Garcia."
"Then what?"
"His flaw is arrogance," Millei revealed.
Arrogance? Garcia was momentarily taken aback. Indeed, the boy from the Wardanaz family might appear arrogant at first glance. His cold, marble-like appearance, combined with the dignity of a high noble, made him seem unapproachable to most.
But Garcia knew well that Yi-Han was not such a boy. After all, a student who personally took care of his fellow students at the Blue Dragon couldn't have such an arrogant nature.
"There seems to be a misunderstanding..."
"Observe carefully, Professor Garcia," Millei instructed, pointing to the numerous magic quills. "The student succeeded in one try. Yet, he intentionally summoned dozens of magic quills. What does that imply?"
A single successful summoning meant a high understanding of magic circles and control over mana. It was rare for a freshman to possess both knowledge and talent. Objectively, such abilities qualified a student to enter the world of summoning magic.
But why did such a student intentionally summon dozens of magic quills? If he had the capability to succeed on the first attempt, one would have sufficed.
There was only one answer: to arrogantly show off his skills.
"No..." Garcia was taken aback by Millei's words.
"Yi-Han is not of such character..."
"Arrogance is a necessary virtue for a mage, but it's a dangerous poison if possessed from too young an age, especially if one has innate knowledge and talent," said Professor Millei.
"That's, um..." Professor Garcia stuttered, his face flushing with embarrassment.
Professor Millei's eyebrows rose, sensing Garcia's unease. Not all relationships among professors were equal, especially when one was a former student of another.
Nevertheless, Garcia wanted to clear up the misunderstanding. "I don't think Yi-Han has such a character. It might have been a mistake..."
"A mistake?" Millei's voice carried a hint of incredulity, a bad sign.
"So, you're saying that the summoning was a mistake, Professor Garcia?"
Summoning multiple quills with that magic circle wasn't as simple as just infusing several times the mana needed for a single quill. If the power input recklessly increased, the circle could either be destroyed or backfire. Once mana was introduced into the circuit, its properties changed, necessitating recalculations for each new infusion of power. The only way to summon multiple quills was to repeat the process meticulously.
"Maybe he practiced first to avoid destroying the magic circle... and forgot about the residual mana in it?"
Millei's stern gaze softened, looking almost pitifully at his well-meaning disciple. "A student as talented as him wouldn't forget something like that, Professor Garcia."
Garcia fell silent, having no response. He felt his excuse was weak, but he strongly believed in the possibility of a mistake.
"It's good to trust and love your students, Professor Garcia, but you shouldn't turn a blind eye to their faults or mistakes. Sometimes, affection and trust can blind us."
"Yes..."
"I'm not denying the student's talent. But arrogance can harm him, so be careful," Millei advised.
"Understood."
"Don't worry so much. If he learns summoning magic, he'll soon correct his arrogance."
Summoning magic always humbled those who considered themselves supreme geniuses. Combined with Millei's strictness, any uncontrollable arrogance would soon be reduced to a healthy level of self-esteem.
Garcia turned away, watching Yi-Han sending the summoned quills to Anglago and writing with them the sentence, 'I don't have a quill.' This act sparked a brawl between the students of the White Tiger and the Blue Dragon.
Heading to intervene, Garcia couldn't shake the feeling that it wasn't arrogance after all.
'No matter how much I think about it, I don't think that's really true.'
The commotion had finally subsided. The faces of the students were smeared unevenly with ink, remnants left behind by the imperfectly and perfectly summoned magic quills.
Although the summoned quills vanished over time, the ink they left behind did not.
"I believe you all have gained some understanding of how difficult summoning magic can be. The magic practiced today is just the basics of basics, and ideally, it should be performed without a magic circle."
Professor Millei instilled fear in the students, yet continued earnestly without heed.
"If you are truly interested in summoning magic and wish to learn it seriously, please visit my workshop. Remember, it's a common misconception that talent or intelligence is necessary for mastering magic..."
Yi-Han felt Professor Milleigh's gaze momentarily on him.
Was it just his imagination?
'Was it a problem that I made the quills pester Anglago?'
"...What's most needed is perseverance and patience. If you continue without giving up and immerse yourself earnestly, summoning magic will open a path for you."
With that, Professor Millei finished his speech and left the classroom.
The remaining students huddled together, murmuring.
"Should we visit the workshop?"
"Didn't the professor say it? It's hard to catch up if you start only in the second year. Seems like it's essential to start practicing summoning magic from the first year."
The students nodded in agreement.
Having attempted to summon a quill themselves, they now understood the difficulty of summoning magic.
The act of summoning an object to move on its own through a mage's power...
"But can we really go to the professor now and learn summoning magic separately?"
"Why not?"
"Really? We already have so much homework, and more will be added, not to mention preparing for upcoming exams. Can we really study summoning magic on top of all that?"
"..."
Their realistic concerns intimidated the students.
As attractive as summoning magic was, not many could handle the increase in assignments it entailed.
'That's why you should take easy classes.'
Yi-Han thought this but then reflected on his choice.
Hadn't he, in seeking an easy course, now found himself in a life-threatening situation?
Yi-Han grew curious about what elective courses the other students were taking.
"What electives are you guys taking?"
"Me? &lt;Basic Art&gt;. Everyone's taking it, right?"
"I'm in &lt;Basic Dance and Socializing&gt;. It's practically a semi-mandatory course."
"I'm taking &lt;Understanding Basic Empire Masterpieces&gt;. I want to buy one during the vacation."
"..."
Yi-Han was slightly taken aback by his friends' course selections.
...Was he the only one lacking in general education?
"There's no course without assignments."
"Same here. But that doesn't mean I can skip summoning magic."
"Unless the academy lends us an artifact to turn back time."
"Gainando, that's a fairy tale. Such a thing doesn't exist."
"Even if it did, do you think they'd lend it to a student for attending classes? It would be used for far more important purposes."
Listening to his friends, Yi-Han checked the time and stood up.
"Gainando, let's go."
"Where to? And why are you taking Gainando?"
"Using him as bait for a summoned creature?"
"No. I need to meet Professor Mortum."
While everyone was deliberating whether to go for summoning magic, a professor was left desolate and ignored, having almost no students interested in his class.
This was Professor Mortum, who taught dark magic.
Since Professor Mortum had directly called out their names, Yi-Han and Gainando had no choice but to visit him periodically to learn dark magic, unlike the other students.
"Do you really have to go? Can't you just send Gainando alone?"
The friends were reluctant to send Yi-Han, but Gainando had no intention of going alone.
"...If I end up going alone, I'll recommend all of you."
"Gainando! My noble friend! It seems there's been a misunderstanding!"
The friends quickly changed their stance.
Yonaire asked as if to check.
"Do you think it'll be alright? Students interested in summoning magic might be going now."
"There's no set time, so after seeing Professor Mortum, we can go together to see the summoning magic."
Yi-Han was interested in summoning magic too. It was just that he had a prior engagement.
It was best not to break appointments with professors. Especially if that professor was lonely, lacking students to seek.
"Then, see you next time."
"Take care. Wardanaz."
"Be careful of the released summoned creatures, and don't forget the potion Priestess Siana gave you."
"Be careful with Professor Mortum."
"And you, Gainando."
Moved by Asan's words, Gainando showed a slightly touched expression.
"Dargard..."
"Be careful because if Gainando makes a mistake, you'll be in danger too."
"..."
The warning was not for Gainando to be careful, but for Yi-Han to be wary of Gainando.
Upon meeting Professor Mortum, Gainando resolved to recommend Asan.



Chapter 78
&lt;Darkness Chamber&gt;.
The tower, used as a workshop by Professor Mortum, remained ominously dreary.
‘If we want more students to come, we should probably start by improving the surroundings.’
Skulls, bones, tombstones, and boxes of lethal potions scattered around were generally not inviting.
To Yi-Han's eyes, it seemed that among the new students, only he and Gainando would be interested in learning dark magic...
"??"
Yi-Han was surprised.
There was another new student in front of the &lt;Darkness Chamber&gt;.
And not just one, but two.
"Why on earth are those kids here to learn dark magic?"
"Is there a reason to be so serious?"
Yi-Han was puzzled by Gainando's reaction.
Gainando replied as if it were obvious.
"Didn't the professor say I was the only one with talent?"
"..."
Didn’t you say you don't like dark magic?
Yi-Han tried to say something but then gave up and changed the subject.
"Gainando. Even if they're not as talented as you, they might still want to learn dark magic."
"That's true."
Gainando slightly regretted his earlier attitude.
Perhaps he had been too harsh.
"Hey, everyone..."
"Don't pretend to be friendly with me. You Blue Dragon scum."
"..."
Gainando, in a fit of anger, was about to strike with his staff, but Yi-Han held him back.
"Student from the White Tiger?"
"That's right."
The student's eyes shimmered faintly with a golden light.
With his somewhat exotic features, Yi-Han realized that the student was of mixed blood.
"An angel mixed-blood?"
"Yes. Descended from glorious ancestors."
'For something he is proud of, the blood seems quite diluted.'
Tijiling, a demon mixed-blood, had such rich blood that one could tell just by looking at her.
In contrast, this White Tiger student was much harder to recognize.
Without Yi-Han's keen senses, it would have been difficult to notice.
"Descended from glorious ancestors, yet you follow the orders of the Moradi family?"
Yi-Han immediately tried to sow discord.
The fewer White Tiger students who followed Jijel's orders, the more comfortable life would be for Yi-Han and Dolgyu.
A knight's honor and pride were easy targets.
"Don't be mistaken, Wardanaz. I, Raphael, do not heed Moradi's commands."
"What? You don't follow Moradi's orders, yet why are you so aggr... igno... insol..."
Unable to find the right word, Yi-Han just ended his question.
"Why do you act that way?"
"You really don't know?"
Raphael looked at Yi-Han incredulously. It was absurd to him to act like a fool.
Gainando whispered from the side.
"Remember when we sent those White Tiger guys to the punishment room?"
"Just for that?"
"Or maybe because we snuck into the lounge and stole their flag."
"Just for that?"
"...???"
Gainando was perplexed.
Huh?
Isn't that reason enough?
Raphael narrowed his eyes at Yi-Han.
"Dolgyu of the Choi family! You surely cannot feign ignorance now. It's the name of the noble friend you're wickedly toying with."
"..."
Yi-Han was at a loss for words for the first time in a while. Gainando came to his defense.
"No, look, Dolgyu is our friend."
"How cowardly to make excuses... After assaulting and knocking him unconscious, you still claim to be friends!"
"..."
Gainando looked at Yi-Han, seeking help.
“I treated Dolgyu the same way because I was afraid he would be hated by the White Tiger guys.”
"Is that supposed to be an excuse?"
Raphael responded as if he was astounded.
Yi-Han shrugged, as if he had expected such a reaction.
Some misunderstandings are just insurmountable.
"Wait. You... You're from the Gral family, aren't you?"
Gainando belatedly recalled Raphael's lineage.
The Gral family, a knightly family from the south.
Proud of their ancestral blood mixed with that of angels, the Gral family was known for their strict adherence to justice among knight families.
Judging by his speech...
"That's right, you evil bastards."
It seemed that the student had already categorized Yi-Han and Gainando as the epitome of evil.
Yi-Han felt a twinge of regret.
'But it's mostly because of the reputation of the Wardanaz family.'
If it weren't for the wild reputation of the Wardanaz family, Yi-Han wouldn't have been misunderstood like this.
At least, that's what he believed.
"Why would someone from the Gral family learn dark magic!?"
Gainando challenged the notion as absurd.
Why would someone from the Gral family, known for producing so many holy knights, come to learn dark magic?
Raphael spoke confidently.
"Learning dark magic will help to better counter dark mages."
"..."
'The Professor will cry.'
Yi-Han was lost for words.
Out of just four new arrivals, one was a hater of dark magic...
"Indeed, Gral. You learn dark magic to counter dark mages. I thought you were here to conspire with Jijel Moradi against me."
"Don't compare me, Raphael, to that Moradi fellow!"
Raphael was visibly upset.
While Yi-Han manipulated Dolgyu like a puppet, Jijel's contemptible manipulation of other White Tiger students was equally despicable.
"So, you won't join hands with Jijel of the Moradi family to plot against me?"
"Of course not!"
"And her lackeys?"
"Absolutely! What are you asking!"
"Then that's all."
Yi-Han walked away as if he had said all he needed to.
If Raphael wouldn't attack from behind or join hands with Jijel, whatever he blustered about upfront didn't matter.
Raphael blinked in confusion.
What exactly had he been outwitted by?
Following Yi-Han, Gainando thought to himself.
'He's my friend, but he seems like a really evil great mage...'
Having been once mouthed by Raphael, Gainando became quite hostile. He spoke to another student with undisguised harshness in his voice.
"Why are you here to learn dark magic?"
Swoosh -
The student stood up. Only then did Gainando realize the student had been sitting on the floor.
"..."
Yi-Han was tall, but this student was so tall that even Yi-Han had to look up. Easily over 2 meters tall.
'A giant mixed-blood!'
Overwhelmed, Gainando quickly became more respectful.
"You, you can learn... My apologies."
"Hello. Nice to meet everyone."
The student was from the Black Tortoise. He looked around nervously as he greeted.
"My name is Ymirg."
"I'm Yi-Han. This is Gainando. But, why are you looking around?"
"My, my friends don't like it when I mingle with students from the Blue Dragon..."
"!"
Yi-Han was surprised.
'Well, that's not strange.'
Excluding the Immortal Phoenix, tower students typically stuck together.
It was natural, in a way, that students from the Black Tortoise, with hardly any nobles or knights among them, would dislike mingling with those from the knight-dominated White Tiger or the nobility-dominated Blue Dragon.
Nillia and Ratford was an exception...
Still, Yi-Han, just to be sure, checked.
"You don't think I'm an evil mage, do you?"
"Huh? What are you talking about?"
"Never mind. That's fine then."
Fortunately, the dislike was indeed due to nobility. Yi-Han felt relieved.
"I'm here because I'm interested in dark magic. I want to be friends with others who are learning it."
"Hmph! That won't happen!"
Raphael, standing behind, responded vehemently.
He had no intention of befriending students who sought to learn evil dark magic.
Ymirg looked at Raphael with a sad expression. Raphael flinched, seemingly a bit frightened.
"Right. Maybe not outside, but let's be friends here while learning dark magic."
Yi-Han extended his hand.
Ymirg was an easy case to become very close with. After meeting so many odd characters at the academy, this was almost a relief.
Ymirg, with a delighted expression, grabbed Yi-Han's hand and shook it vigorously.
In that moment, Yi-Han had to quickly muster all his mana to withstand it.
'Ugh!'
Yi-Han managed his expression, not wanting to offend Ymirg. The strength was immense.
"I'm also looking forward to it!"
Gainando, clueless, extended his hand. Yi-Han tried to stop him, but Gainando had already grabbed it.
Crack!
Professor Mortum, seeing the increased number of new students, hummed a happy tune through his nose.
Yi-Han felt a pang of guilt.
'I shouldn't sympathize with the professor.'
Stockholm syndrome was a dangerous condition.
"Cough. Good to see you all. I didn't expect so many students interested in dark magic. I'm looking forward to next year."
"We're glad to be here!"
Professor Mortum seemed oblivious to Raphael's malevolent intent. He turned to Yi-Han.
"Have you found any more bone summons?"
"Not yet..."
"Cough. Roam more in the dark and gloomy places."
Professor Mortum winked at Yi-Han as if giving a gift, though it was hardly romantic.
'Roaming around the academy's dark and gloomy places looking for runaway summons... That's almost like a suicide mission.'
"Cough... Everyone must be eager for today's gathering, so let's proceed with the lesson quickly. Do you remember what we learned about curses last time?"
"Yes, of course."
Raphael took out paper and a quill, ready to jot down the professor's words. Professor Mortum looked pleased.
Of course, knowing Raphael's true intentions, Yi-Han could only feel sorry.
Aren't you going to attack the professor later?
"Honestly, I found curses more interesting than summoning magic!"
Gainando admitted honestly.
"Today, let's not rush and deepen our understanding of curses... Wait a moment."
Professor Mortum paused mid-sentence.
"Did you learn summoning magic this week?"
"Yes."
"Cough. How did the students react?"
"Everyone liked it! Everyone but us went to the workshop to hear more about it."
Yi-Han wanted to smack Gainando but unfortunately couldn't.
Professor Mortum declared firmly.
"...Not curses then. Today, I'll teach you undead summoning."
"Wow!!"
'Is this really okay?'
Yi-Han felt uneasy.
It seemed like they were skipping several steps in the curriculum…
"Cough. Undead summoning is, you could say, the flower among flowers in summoning magic. Perhaps the most beautiful, complex, and intricate magic..."
"Where do typical dark mages acquire corpses for their magic?"
"That's a good question, student Raphael. In the past, graveyards were commonly used, but nowadays that's not the case. We acquire corpses with permission and use those."
"Oh... But I guess illegal dark mages still frequently use graveyards?"
"I guess so?"
"Thank you."
Raphael, excited, continued to take notes. Professor Mortum cocked his head, sensing something amiss.
"However, you lot are still... too inexperienced to perform a completed undead summoning. A fully summoned undead, if mishandled, can kill the mage."
A common dark magic mishap involved a bungling mage being killed by a skeletal warrior they had summoned.
Gainando, who had nearly been killed by a magic quill, nodded in agreement.
"We'll start with the simplest, something that can't kill you. Let's begin with summoning a bone hand."
The students listened intently, their expressions tense.
Swoosh!
Bone hands appeared in front of the students.
"First, try to befriend the bone hand. Initially, it won't listen to you..."
"...?"
Yi-Han momentarily thought the bone summons and the bone hand were switched.
The bone hand was very respectfully bowing in front of him.
'Is this a trap?'



Chapter 79
However, the behavior of the bone hand suggested something more than a mere trap; it was excessively polite. As Yi-Han stepped forward, the bone hand, trembling violently, rolled backward and lay down, seemingly to prove its lack of hostile intent. Yi-Han was momentarily baffled.
Just then, Professor Mortum interjected, "Cough. It's easy to be deceived by the beautiful and majestic appearance of undead summoning, but in reality, it's anything but easy." This comment shed light on a common dilemma faced by mages, especially those who typically designed inanimate objects for summoning spells. They often pondered: Must I summon inanimate objects? Can't I summon beings with a consciousness?
Even the act of summoning a magic sword required careful pre-planning of its attributes and autonomous movements. As the complexity of such summoning spells increased, they demanded almost AI-like autonomy, making their study particularly challenging for mages. The questions persisted: Why must we design every detail? Can't we just summon beings with consciousness from the start?
However, summoning beings with consciousness had clear drawbacks. Such beings might not always obey the summoner's commands, and this was particularly true for undead monsters. Compared to other monsters, undead creatures were usually 'a bit' more disobedient. Their fundamental nature was the root cause of this challenge; summoners were mostly alive, while the undead were, well, dead. Forming a bond between such opposites was naturally difficult.
To bridge this gap, dark mages employed various methods to befriend the undead. Living in tombs, anointing themselves with rotting substances, and wearing necklaces of bones and flesh were not signs of degeneracy but rather heartbreaking efforts to mask the life force of the living and get closer to the undead.
"..."
"..."
The students, listening intently to Professor Mortum's lecture on undead summoning, turned as pale as the undead creatures being discussed. Meanwhile, Professor Mortum, seemingly oblivious to their discomfort, continued. "Cough. So, try to befriend the bone hand by any means necessary. If you get close to it, eventually you'll be able to befriend other undead monsters." He explained that getting close to low-tier undead monsters like the bone hand could imbue one's soul with their aura, thus enabling control over more powerful undead over time.
"Professor," Yi-Han interjected, quietly waiting for a pause in the lecture. He raised his hand and called out to Professor Mortum.
"Are there undead who are particularly cowardly?" he asked. This was an unusual question, as undead monsters were typically characterized by their fearlessness, given their lack of life.
Professor Mortum initially scoffed at the notion, as if to dismiss such a possibility... but then his expression changed to one of surprise upon noticing the undead monster, the bone hand, trembling in front of Yi-Han.
Professor Mortum cast an incredulous look at the bone hand he had summoned, wondering if this was its usual reaction when confronted with students. The bone hand, seemingly ashamed, bowed its ‘head’ in front of the professor.
"Can't you get closer quickly?" Professor Mortum commanded, yet the bone hand remained trembling, hesitant to approach Yi-Han. The professor began to wonder if there was an issue with the potion he used in the summoning.
Meanwhile, another bone hand was happily slapping the cheek of an approaching student, Gainando. They all seemed to behave normally, except for the one in front of Yi-Han.
'Did the bone hand feel a kinship due to Yi-Han being accompanied by a bone summon? No... that shouldn't cause fear,' the professor thought. Only one conclusion seemed plausible, and it left Professor Mortum internally horrified. "Could it be...?"
"Cough. Try summoning it yourself," he suggested to Yi-Han.
"Is that alright?" Yi-Han asked.
"Yes. Dark magic is superior to summoning magic because it offers practical experience like this. With summoning magic, you'd only be studying for a year."
"..."
Professor Mortum, eager to demonstrate the efficacy of dark magic, tossed Yi-Han a bone fragment necessary for the spell and etched a magic circle on the ground. Yi-Han, holding his staff and focusing intently, couldn't shake off a sense of unease about the professor's actions. 'It seems like he's rushing the curriculum to prove dark magic is better...' he thought. However, Yi-Han felt confident in his ability to subdue the bone hand if it turned aggressive.
He began the incantation. "Appear, bone hand!" With a throw of the bone fragment and a swing of his staff, the fragment absorbed mana and transformed amidst ominous smoke into a bone hand. This was not one of the bone hands previously summoned and controlled by Professor Mortum. This was a new entity, conjured by Yi-Han himself.
Summoning spells typically acted like chains restraining a beast, and for a novice mage, handling such a chain was a significant challenge. The incantation controlled the undead monster, but the control was precarious for an inexperienced caster.
Professor Mortum observed the situation closely. If the newly summoned bone hand broke free and attacked Yi-Han, he was prepared to reverse the summoning immediately. However, what unfolded was unexpected.
Rolling and tumbling—
The new bone hand, summoned by Yi-Han, displayed an even greater level of submission than the one summoned by Professor Mortum. This surprising behavior was in stark contrast to what might be expected of a freshly summoned undead entity. It was as if the bone hand was showing an exaggerated form of obedience.
Amidst this scene, the bone summon hanging from Yi-Han's belt writhed, seemingly in jealousy.
"You have too much mana," Professor Mortum stated calmly, shedding light on a peculiarity he had observed in Yi-Han. Reflecting on past events, Yi-Han realized there had been indications of this since the curse class. He hadn't comprehended the severity of his condition, not until seeing the undead monsters cower and submit before him.
Yi-Han, feeling like a patient diagnosed with an incurable disease, asked solemnly, "I see. Professor, is there a way to cure this?"
"Cough. Why cure it? It's a blessed talent," Professor Mortum responded, surprising Yi-Han.
"??" Yi-Han was taken aback. He had always considered his excessive mana a hindrance. Magic was hard to use, spirits fled from him, and now, even undead creatures were showing fear.
"Cough. With such a talent, there's no need to befriend undead monsters. Just suppress them with power. What a wonderful ability," Professor Mortum elaborated. He explained that dark mages didn't indulge in rituals like rolling around in tombs for enjoyment; they did it to somehow befriend the undead. However, if one could simply overpower them instead of befriending them, it would be a more efficient method of control. To Professor Mortum, the ability to subjugate undead monsters seemed a more advanced and desirable form of control.
"But Professor, we can summon and subjugate undead monsters, but not spirits," Yi-Han pointed out. Without first befriending spirits, they wouldn't respond to summons, rendering the idea of intimidating them moot.
Professor Mortum, understanding Yi-Han's concern, kindly offered a solution. "Cough. There's a good solution."
"What is it?" Yi-Han inquired, intrigued.
"Just give up on summoning spirits," Professor Mortum advised.
"..."
Yi-Han was grateful for the table's presence. Hidden beneath it, he could clench his fist without anyone noticing his frustration. However, Professor Mortum was earnest in his advice.
"Cough. Why try to graze on grass with such good teeth and claws? Dark magic suits you best. I don't usually say this, but... you have a genius talent for dark magic," the professor declared.
"Ah. I see," Yi-Han responded nonchalantly.
"?!" This time, it was Professor Mortum who was taken aback by Yi-Han's indifferent reaction. The professor had given a rare and valuable compliment, yet Yi-Han seemed too casual about it. Perhaps due to his Wardanaz family lineage, Yi-Han's response was unexpectedly indifferent. 'The time to be swayed by professors' praise has passed,' Yi-Han thought. He knew that professors often used praise strategically, especially in less popular fields, and being beguiled by it could complicate one's life.
Seeking to shift the focus, Yi-Han mentioned, "However, Professor. Due to the amount of mana, casting spells is difficult for me."
"That will improve with practice. Cough. I'll help you with the training," Professor Mortum offered.
'Damn. Professors are really of no help,' Yi-Han thought privately. They seemed more interested in satisfying their own desires than genuinely assisting students. Could a professor really be this self-serving? But then again, professors had always been like this.
"Oh my... Thank you very much," Yi-Han replied, managing to keep his expression neutral. While he hadn't committed to pursuing dark magic, he recognized the need to prepare for the possibility that other magics might fail him, leaving dark magic as his only viable option. Therefore, maintaining a good relationship with Professor Mortum was pragmatic.
As they exchanged smiles, both the professor and student had their own hidden agendas.
Elsewhere in the classroom, Gainando, with a swollen cheek, angrily confronted a bone hand with his staff. Raphael, equally battered, brandished a wooden sword at another bone hand. Ymirg, the only one unscathed, had managed to grab and pin down a charging bone hand.
Catching Yi-Han's disbelief, Professor Mortum elaborated, "Cough. Having a talent for dark magic doesn't mean one quickly befriends the undead. That's not a good method. It's a classic mistake young dark mages make."
"But if you beat them up like that, won't the undead monsters start respecting the summoner?" Yi-Han asked, trying to understand the dynamics.
Professor Mortum looked at Yi-Han as if he were suggesting something absurd. Yi-Han, feeling misunderstood, thought, 'But you said suppression was a good method...'
After the extra lesson, Gainando, nursing his swollen cheek with the ointment provided by Professor Mortum, couldn't hide his irritation. "Undead monsters, they’re unaware of nobility... Yi-Han."
"?" Yi-Han looked at him questioningly.
"Let's hurry to the summoning magic class. It might be better if it's not undead monsters," Gainando suggested, hoping for a change in their magic studies.
"..." Yi-Han pondered silently. 'Apart from spirits, demons are probably more ferocious than undead monsters, and monsters generally have strong wild instincts,' he thought.
Meanwhile, Raphael, sporting a puffed-up face, couldn't contain his frustration. "You wicked dark mage. Just you wait. I'll be watching you," he yelled at Yi-Han.
"Really. It seems we have a misunderstanding. Do we really have to fight as fellow dark magic students?" Yi-Han questioned, seeking to defuse the situation.
"You jerk! You hit me in the face earlier!" Raphael accused.
"That was a mistake," Yi-Han replied, regretting the incident.
Yi-Han, following Professor Mortum's guidance, had been testing how far he could command the undead monster. He had even successfully executed a difficult command to self-destruct, which earned him applause and admiration from the professor. However, amidst a command error, Yi-Han's summoned bone hand accidentally slapped Raphael, leading to his grudge against the "wicked necromancer."
"Really. Why don't you believe me..." Yi-Han lamented.
"Yi-Han. He’s already gone," Gainando pointed out.
"What a pity," Yi-Han responded, a hint of regret in his voice.
Gainando looked at Yi-Han, his gaze mixed with fear. '...So this is why the undead obey well?!' he wondered.
"Ymirg. See you next class," Yi-Han said, bidding farewell to another classmate.
"Uh, okay. Yi-Han. But not outside..." Ymirg replied cautiously, hinting at a certain unease around Yi-Han.
Yi-Han felt a sting of hurt at Ymirg's words but chose not to show it.
&lt;Spirit Festival Hall&gt;
The &lt;Spirit Festival Hall&gt;, a workshop and tower used by Professor Millei, radiated an aura starkly different from that of the &lt;Darkness Chamber&gt;. 'It's like a library,' Yi-Han thought. Ironically, the actual library of the magic academy felt more like a disorganized storage room of a closed company than a proper library, but the &lt;Spirit Festival Hall&gt; embodied the essence of a library more than the library itself.
The path to the tower was neatly paved with bricks, and there was a picturesque pond with a walking path nearby for strolling. 'The &lt;Darkness Chamber&gt; had a pond too,' Yi-Han recalled, though that one was a bubbling, purple pond filled with poison.
Standing in front of the door to the &lt;Spirit Festival Hall&gt;, Gainando knocked cautiously, then turned to Yi-Han, unsure of what to say. "Wait. What should I say?"
"Just as it is," Yi-Han advised.
"That we're late because we got hit by an undead...?" Gainando hesitated.
"...Let me handle it. Professor Millei! We apologize for arriving late. Another professor had a prior engagement..."
"If there was a prior engagement, it can't be helped. No need to apologize," Professor Millei responded from within and opened the door.
Descending to the first floor to greet the latecomers, Professor Millei raised an eyebrow upon noticing Yi-Han. It seemed as though he was surprised to see him there.
'...What?' A sense of foreboding washed over Yi-Han. He wondered if Professor Mortum had spoken to the other professors, instructing them to lose interest in him with a message like, 'This one will be my student, so everyone stop paying attention to him.'



Chapter 80
Fortunately for Yi-Han, Professor Millei did not send him away upon his arrival. Instead, an unexpected development occurred. Suddenly, two thick books materialized out of thin air. They were so hefty that they could have been mistaken for weapons.
The books, bound meticulously, displayed the title &lt;Theoretical Foundations and Cases in Summoning Magic&gt; on their covers. Professor Millei, with a commanding presence, instructed, "Both of you, sit down." He was the kind of person whose stern gaze alone could evoke tension, eliminating any need for a sword or staff to assert authority.
Gainando, slightly intimidated, quickly found a seat. Curious, he asked, "Professor, where are the other students?"
"They have gone back after receiving their lessons and collecting their assignments," Professor Millei replied.
"Assignments?" Gainando echoed, lifting his head, his tone reflecting his concern. The idea of additional assignments seemed like a significant burden under the current circumstances. He ventured a timid challenge, "Professor, isn't dark magic... not part of the assignments?"
Professor Millei's direct gaze fell upon Gainando, rendering him completely subdued. 'Could it be that his gaze has a petrifying effect?' Yi-Han couldn't help but think, given the peculiar nature of some of the professors.
"Both of you, open the books," Professor Millei commanded. They complied, opening the books to find pages filled with densely written text. The sight seemed to overwhelm Gainando, who appeared slightly dizzy.
"Read, copy, and solve the problems," the professor instructed. Yi-Han, looking down at his book, saw the heading of the first chapter:
&lt;Chapter 1. About Summoning Inanimate Objects&gt;.
"Summoning inanimate objects is the most basic and core aspect of summoning magic. Even summoners who are only interested in other areas of summoning must learn and master this part. The great summoner Boltzmann organized educational and efficient magic circles for future generations, and remembering these circles became fundamental in summoning magic. So, young summoners, be thankful and diligent. Memorizing Boltzmann's basic magic circles and understanding their principles will guarantee remarkable achievements in summoning magic..."
(1st Magic Circle)
(2nd Magic Circle)
(3rd Magic Circle)
(4th Magic Circle)
...
...
"Young summoners. Having learned interesting knowledge, it's now time to use that knowledge in even more interesting ways. Answer the following riddle. The novice summoner, Chursu, while traveling in the cold North, got separated from his group due to an accident. Unfortunately, someone had stolen his bag containing thick clothes, and the fierce wind tore apart the clothes he was wearing. What is the quickest summoning magic circle Chursu could use to avoid freezing to death?”
Yi-Han found this question to be quite absurd. 'It seems odd to focus on the magic circle when the culprit should be caught first.' He thought the approach was forced, yet he couldn't help but recognize the excellence of the textbook. Having encountered many complex and difficult textbooks, Yi-Han could appreciate the quality of this one.
Not all textbooks were this considerate. Some were designed to cater to the reader's level, while others seemed to aim solely at wasting the reader's time. Unfortunately, most textbooks, and even the professors here, usually fell into the latter category.
However, the book given by Professor Millei was a notable exception. It allowed students to easily memorize and understand the basic magic circle compositions used in summoning magic by focusing and reading slowly. This fact alone elevated Professor Millei in Yi-Han's esteem. 'He is indeed a good person,' Yi-Han thought. Professor Millei had carefully selected the most suitable book for education from numerous magic books, showcasing the mindset of a true educator, a trait that was incomparable to the other professors.
"Thank you, Professor," Yi-Han said, his gaze filled with gratitude.
Professor Millei, slightly surprised, was taken aback by the emotion in Yi-Han's eyes.
'??'
There were two primary reasons why Professor Millei was initially hesitant to teach summoning magic to his students.
Firstly, he recognized that summoning magic, without sufficient knowledge and preparation, could be hazardous. Even the seemingly simple task of summoning inanimate objects could result in injuries to the caster if not handled with care.
Secondly, and perhaps more importantly, Professor Millei sought to prevent his students from acting recklessly. He was aware that freshmen, often filled with pride and a sense of ego, could easily cause accidents due to their arrogance and lack of experience. He believed that if these students were immediately taught summoning magic, their recklessness could lead to dangerous outcomes.
Thus, he made them study – hard and tediously. The studies were so rigorous and challenging that they twisted and contorted the students' bodies, pushing them to their limits. This approach was central to Professor Millei's teaching philosophy. In his view, if a student couldn't endure the rigorous studies and gave up on summoning magic, it was for the best. Such students were deemed better off not learning summoning magic at all.
'But...?' A sense of surprise overtook Professor Millei as he observed Yi-Han diligently copying from the book and solving problems without any signs of complaint. Yi-Han, who was known for his exceptional talent among the students, was expected to be the most arrogant. Yet, while other students soon started yawning, twisting in their seats, and casting longing glances outside, perhaps planning their escape, Yi-Han remained an exception.
Surprisingly, Yi-Han sat motionless, absorbed in his studies, with only the sound of his quill breaking the silence. His focus and dedication were unlike his peers.
"Yi-Han," Gainando called out suddenly.
"What?" Yi-Han responded.
"I need to go to the bathroom," Gainando said.
"Trying to escape?" Yi-Han asked, half-joking.
"What... What?? No! No, I'm not!" Gainando vehemently denied it, but Yi-Han, having casually posed the question, now felt sure of his suspicion. 'He was trying to escape.'
Yi-Han had initially thought that Gainando might consider switching from dark magic to summoning magic, given his earlier struggles. However, observing Gainando's current state, it seemed that such a shift might not be necessary after all.
"I miss Professor Mortum..." Gainando later muttered, almost like a madman, after returning from the bathroom.
Gainando's initial hope that hard study might lead to something positive was thoroughly dashed. Professor Millei, unwavering in his approach, had them study rigorously until the very end of the session. Yi-Han, on the other hand, nodded with a sense of satisfaction. 'Such lessons are necessary too,' he thought. After experiencing several tumultuous classes, this focused, high-quality theoretical study was a welcome change, almost sweet in its nature.
As they stood up to leave, Gainando whispered to Yi-Han, "Hey. Do you understand this stuff?"
Yi-Han, finding value in the material, replied, "Isn't it quite substantial? It's interesting too."
"...?????!!" Gainando's expression, a mix of shock and disbelief, was more astonished than when Yi-Han had subdued Raphael. To him, Yi-Han's engagement with the material seemed almost unfathomable.
"That's enough for today. Study this material and be ready by next week," Professor Millei announced as he collected the books and handed out a thick bundle of papers. Gainando received them, his expression a mix of respect and resignation.
In that moment, both Yi-Han and Professor Millei foresaw Gainando's future with a similar prediction: he wouldn't show up next week. It seemed obvious given his reaction to the material.
"See you next week," Yi-Han said, bidding farewell respectfully. He recognized the importance of maintaining good relationships with professors, especially those of character. Such connections could prove invaluable, perhaps even saving him from potential punishment in the future.
"I apologize for misjudging you, student Yi-Han," Professor Millei suddenly remarked.
"Excuse me?" Yi-Han responded, taken aback.
"Let's meet next week then," Professor Millei said with a faint smile.
However, for Yi-Han, who was left in the dark about the professor's initial judgment, this statement was open to numerous interpretations. 'What??' he wondered, puzzled as the door to the &lt;Spirit Festival Hall&gt; closed behind him. He was left contemplating what Professor Millei could have misjudged about him. 'Could it be he discussed my future with Professor Mortum? Surely he didn't say I should only focus on dark magic, right? Or maybe even with the skull principal...' Yi-Han's mind raced with possibilities, leaving him in a state of confusion and contemplation that persisted until he fell asleep that night.
As the days passed, the students grew increasingly haggard, while the skull principal seemed to gleam brighter in the eyes. The skull principal entered the &lt;Basic Magic Character Education&gt; classroom with a cheerful voice. "Is everyone having a happy week?"
"..."
"..."
If it had been the first week, a few students would have politely responded, but now, all students from the four towers remained silent. The skull principal rattled his bones unconcerned, forcing the students' necks to nod up and down involuntarily. All except Yi-Han.
"..."
Yi-Han, after looking around, hastily nodded his head. The skull principal looked at him as if he were absurd.
'Is he really following along...' thought the skull principal, puzzled. The sight of this boy from the Wardanaz family reminded him of a lion wearing a sheep's disguise, trying to befriend other sheep. If he had withstood the principal's magic alone, he should be standing proud and arrogant, not looking like this.
"Now, it's time for the education of your young fledgling mages' characters. You remember the assignment I gave you last week, right?" The students nodded. Who could forget? "Students of each tower, you were to bring the flag hanging in the freshman lounge of the tower I assigned. Remember, the flag with the emblem!"
The skull principal's assignment was to bring flags from other towers. Even with the broadest definition, it had nothing to do with character, but the principal stood confident. "Let's start with the Black Tortoise. Have you acquired the Immortal Phoenix flag?"
"Yes, we have..." Students from the Black Tortoise cautiously began to take out the flag they had exchanged with the Immortal Phoenix.
"Ah, you brought it. Good."
"..."
"..."
The skull principal displayed an overtly disinterested expression.
He already knew they had exchanged, so it wasn't of much interest to him. "The Immortal Phoenix must have taken care of theirs too, right?"
"Yes."
"Good. Now..." The skull principal, with the joy of someone who has been served a long-awaited meal, floated up to the White Tiger students. "My honorable knights from noble families! You surely have the Blue Dragon flag, right?? Huh??"
"..."
"..."
The faces of the White Tiger students flushed with humiliation and shame. Even Yi-Han, who normally didn't care what others thought, found the situation a bit uncomfortable.
'The back of my neck is prickling.' thought Yi-Han, feeling uneasy. The White Tiger students glared at Yi-Han with resentful eyes.
"Why aren't you taking it out?! Huh?! Why?! Don't tell me you didn't bring it?!"
'Enough already...' Yi-Han silently wished for the skull principal to stop his antics. Of course, he didn't.
The skull principal, having had his fill of fun, changed the topic. "As I said before, this lecture isn't about making you fight. The purpose is to get to know each other, become friends, and unite." None of the students believed him. "It's a pity you misunderstand my intentions. So, for the next assignment, I'll give something easier to understand."
Yi-Han grew anxious. What more could he be planning? "There's a lake if you go west from the main building. Some of you might have seen it."
"..."
"...That was a lake?" Students who had wandered around were confused, saying they thought it was... "I thought it was the sea."
"Why would there be a sea inside an academy?!"
"Well, I just thought that in this academy, there might be a sea." ...It was an immensely large lake. As there were deep and rugged mountain ranges difficult to gauge the end of, so too was there a lake in this magic academy.
“On that lake, there was an island. There, I had hidden a pass for leaving the academy grounds.”
"!"
"!!!"
The students' eyes momentarily flashed like those of starving beasts. "Work together to bring it to me."
"We understand!"
This response was the most enthusiastic of any they had given so far. "Remember, Immortal Phoenix students should move together with Black Tortoise students, and Blue Dragon students with White Tiger students. You're free not to listen, just like the last assignment, but..." The skull principal smirked. “I assure you, you won't pass if you do that.” Students from the Blue Dragon and White Tiger looked at each other and scowled. They all had the same thought.
'Together with these guys? That's what they must be thinking.'



Chapter 81
"Can we forget our misunderstandings and work together for a better future?"
"I'd rather dream of the academy falling apart." One of the White Tiger students replied like that. Yi-Han, considering this, mused that it wouldn't be so bad.
“Of all people, Wardanaz, you speaking of cooperation!” To some White Tiger Tower, Yi-Han was already an evil great mage. “Because of you seizing that flag, we lost our chance to score well in this &lt;Basic Magic Character Education&gt; class!”
“That seems to be a misunderstanding. An F isn't certain yet,” Yi-Han logically attempted to persuade the students, hoping to convince these obstinate knights of the benefits of cooperation.
“Though, the chances of getting an F are probably 95%!”
“Ha ha! An F!”
“...”
Of course, there was no guarantee that his friends from the Blue Dragon would be of any help. Asan and Gainando tried to intervene on Yi-Han's behalf, only to shrink back under his murderous glare.
‘Did we do something wrong?’ Asan wondered, confused.
‘We just wanted to help…’ Gainando thought, feeling disheartened.
“Think about it. The principal holds this &lt;Basic Magic Character Education&gt; class for our education. Do you really think one mistake on an assignment warrants an F?” Though Yi-Han believed it possible, he didn't show it. “Giving up over one mistake might be the real reason to deserve an F. If we work hard from now, everyone can earn an A by the end of the term. Plus, the outside world is a paradise, I’ve been there. No early risings, eat whatever you want.”
‘Barring the principal’s traps,’ he thought, considering the challenges they faced.
The White Tiger students, despite trying to ignore him, found themselves intrigued. Some began to ponder, ‘Should we cooperate this time?’ Yet, things didn’t resolve easily. Jijel stepped forward. “Really? Do you think so?”
“Moradi, I know you bear a grudge against me, but my sincerity…” Yi-Han struggled to sow discord. His influence with the White Tiger students paled in comparison to Jijel. Jijel, with a neutral yet sharp aura, drew everyone's attention. “Has anything good ever come from being involved with Wardanaz?”
“Moradi, you ordered your men to attack me. Everyone, don't be deceived. Moradi’s…”
“What about those who ended up in the punishment room because of Wardanaz?”
“That's a misunderstanding. The principal took them.”
“And who attacked the lounge last time?”
“That too, the principal’s doing…” Despite Yi-Han's best efforts to defend himself, the mood had already shifted.
Thud-
Yonaire shook her head disapprovingly, grasping Yi-Han’s shoulder, indicating there was no further recourse.
‘Damn it.’ Yi-Han thought, frustrated. Pretending to be virtuous had its limits due to his past actions. He sighed. Is there no other way?
“Dolgyu. Come here.”
“?”
Dolgyu, the orc of the knightly Choi family, hesitated when his friends cautioned him against approaching Yi-Han. “Yi-Han is not that kind of friend.” Silence lingered. Not that kind of friend?
Despite his friends' dissuasion, Dolgyu approached. “I’m here, Yi-Han. What’s the matter?”
As Dolgyu neared, Yi-Han grabbed him and shouted fiercely, “If you don't cooperate, I can't guarantee Dolgyu's life. I'll take him to the lake, use him, and then dump him at the bottom!”
"...That bastard, for real!!!" The White Tiger students were aghast. So, this was Wardanaz's true nature!
Dolgyu looked flustered but soon realized the situation. ‘Yi-Han is doing this to mediate between the two towers.’ he thought.
“Save me, please.” Dolgyu spoke with a pitiful, sad expression, and some White Tiger students felt their hearts tearing.
Raphael burst out, “Stop it, you Wardanaz! We’ll cooperate! Just let Dolgyu go!!”
“Right. We’ll cooperate, so release Dolgyu!!” The White Tiger students unanimously cried out to Yi-Han.
“On your honor?”
“On our honor!”
“Fine. I’ll let him go. But be careful in the future.” Yi-Han released Dolgyu.
Jijel looked at Yi-Han with a shocked expression, as if he were insane. “If only you had agreed to cooperate earlier, it would have been easier for both sides.”
“You… You’re more evil than I am, Wardanaz. Feel proud. I’ve never seen someone like you.”
“You would think that.” Yi-Han retorted brusquely to Jijel's comment and turned away.
Gainando nodded in agreement, then hesitated upon making eye contact with Yi-Han. "You're not thinking what I think you are, right?"
“Oh, no! I was just stretching my neck!”
Although a challenging assignment came up in &lt;Basic Magic Character Education&gt;, Yi-Han and his friends couldn't focus on it. Not because of the cooperation with White Tiger students, but...
“So, when are you going to act, Mr. Yi-Han of the Wardanaz family?” Priestess Siana asked.
“I am still considering.”
At Yi-Han's response, Yonaire whispered in confusion. “But why are you speaking formally to Priestess Siana? You didn’t use to.”
“...Did I do that?”
Yi-Han realized then he had unknowingly been overwhelmed by Priestess Siana’s madness. It wasn’t really Yi-Han’s fault. Anyone would feel daunted if told, ‘We need potions, so let’s raid the professor’s workshop.’
“What’s the matter with you two?”
“Ha ha. It’s nothing... I mean, nothing.”
Yonaire, seemingly catching on to Yi-Han’s thoughts, defended him. “The Flameng Order often resorts to any means for alchemy.”
‘Yonaire is not cut out for promoting the order.’ Yi-Han thought, reflecting on her statement.
The real issue wasn’t Priestess Siana’s or the Flameng Order’s madness. It was crucial to decide when to raid the workshop. If he opened the door to the workshop and made eye contact with Professor Uregor inside, he would have nightmares for a month.
‘The timing should be in the evening or at night. But which day? Should we do it on a weekday or the weekend?’ Yi-Han pondered, trying to figure out the best time.
Yi-Han couldn’t accurately pin down Professor Uregor’s schedule. He knew the times they met at the cabin, but not what the professor did otherwise. Asking Professor Uregor might later make him a suspect...
“Wardanaz, no need to come to the cabin today.” Professor Bungaegor, descending for the &lt;Basic Riding Training&gt; class, informed Yi-Han.
Yi-Han had been learning various training techniques for flying mounts after finishing chores at the cabin. “Is there a problem, Professor?”
"I'm thinking of taking my nephew to the market. There are things I need to buy."
"Ah, I see." Yi-Han managed his expression as best as he could and spoke with all his effort to hide any awkwardness in his voice.
"When will you be going?"
"I'll head out after today's lecture and return by tomorrow. It's unfortunate that I can only take my nephew with me." Professor Bungaegor sincerely apologized. Honestly, she felt that hardworking students like the boy from the Wardanaz family deserved to be taken along, given how industriously he worked, almost like an ox...
"It's alright, Professor. The academy rules apply equally to everyone, don't they?"
"Did Gonadaltes threaten you? Anyway, I understand. I'll bring you some beer candy when I return." Dwarf snacks were a bit unusual, but Yi-Han chose not to comment. Any gift was appreciated.
And then... 'Tonight!' Opportunity had suddenly presented itself. Yi-Han discreetly called his friends together.
"Tonight."
"...!"
"Tonight...!"
His friends wore surprised expressions at the abrupt plan, but none backed out. "Better this way. We can rest all weekend."
"Tonight, I was waiting for it." Asan extended his hand with a determined expression, saying, "For a comfortable semester without assignments."
"For a comfortable semester without assignments!"
"...?"
Yi-Han was puzzled. When did you guys come up with this slogan?
"Stop chatting and take your positions. Now, everyone should be getting friendly with their horses. Some feed and groom their horses from early dawn, while others lazily pet them."
Gainando flinched.
"I won't say anything. This academy leads students to the water, but doesn't force them to drink. It's up to you to decide."
'It seems more like throwing us in the water to start...' thought one of the students, uneasy about the challenge.
"Are we riding horses today?" One student asked nervously. They were still too unfamiliar with the horses to perform complex equestrian skills.
"No. It would take a whole semester of devotion to become that close. Today, you'll learn how to handle a different kind of monster." Professor Bungaegor put her finger to her lips and whistled sharply. A fiery puppy bounded out from behind, hopping around.
The students, accustomed to seeing all sorts of crazy beings, naturally gasped in awe. But Yi-Han tensed up. In this magic academy, cute creatures might be more dangerous. But that didn’t mean the ferocious-looking ones were any safer...
"Those who thought it was cute and liked it are disqualified. Before admiring its cuteness, you should have noticed the flames. The moment this puppy charges, half of you would be dead." The burning puppy panted and rolled around playfully. Professor Bungaegor scratched its belly approvingly.
"Mages are generally good with elements, but that's true for those who have survived various accidents. Why do you think the empire believes mages are adept at elements? Because the foolish ones die before they become well-known. There are too many mages who've tried to tame fire-attribute monsters and died to list their names."
The students involuntarily stepped back, having moved several meters from their original positions.
"Today, we will learn to handle monsters with a fire attribute. Be thankful it's only a puppy. If it were as big as a horse, you'd be worrying about getting trampled to death before even burning. Wardanaz."
It was customary for the star pupil to step forward first in such situations. Yi-Han, holding back a sigh, walked to the front.
"You'll demonstrate. Drink this." Professor Bungaegor threw him a potion for fire resistance. Yi-Han felt slightly relieved.
'So, I won't have to touch it barehanded.' he thought. Thinking that Professor Bungaegor would have been outraged had she heard Yi-Han's thoughts, 'What do you take me for?!', Yi-Han drank the potion. It burned his throat like strong alcohol. Breathing in, he caught a slightly acrid smell.
"Finished it? Well done. Now, try to mingle with that puppy for as long as you can."
"How long does the potion's effect last?"
"That's for you to figure out."
"..."
Yi-Han hesitated. 'So, I’m supposed to realize the dangerous moment and get out on my own?' he thought, recognizing the challenge of the task. It was training to hone a mage's instinct towards danger, not just relying on elemental resistance spells or potions...
Convincing himself of that wasn't easy. 'Damn it. It seems like being last is advantageous.' he thought, considering the benefit of gauging the timing of the potion's effects on others.
Yi-Han focused. He readied his mana to cast a spell at a moment's notice, in case of an emergency. Then, with a gentle smile, he approached the fiery puppy. The burning puppy made a pained noise, its expression scared.
"Don't be scared!!" Yi-Han reassured.
"I didn’t even do anything..."



Chapter 82
Yi-Han looked at the burning puppy with an expression of injustice, but the puppy had already run far away.
The students of White Tiger murmured among themselves, watching the scene with an 'I knew it' expression.
Yi-Han felt annoyed for no reason.
"Cheer up, Wardanaz! Being afraid of by a puppy doesn't define a person's character!"
"That's right, Mr. Yi-Han of the Wardanaz family!"
Despite the encouragement from friends of other towers, Yi-Han didn't feel any better.
'I have to think that unless they are foul-tempered enough to kill me or undead, they will all run away.'
With a sad realization, Yi-Han rummaged in his coat pocket. The burning puppy continued to bark and howl.
"?!"
Professor Bungaegor wondered what Yi-Han was doing.
Surprisingly, Yi-Han pulled out a sweet potato. Gainando tried to walk forward carelessly toward him but was caught by his friends.
"Come here."
Yi-Han flicked his fingers, enticing the puppy with the sweet potato. The burning puppy stopped barking and slowly approached, lured by the smell of the sweet potato.
'Not bad.'
Professor Bungaegor smiled.
Although the lesson was to teach methods of enduring the temperamental burning puppy, not enticing it with sweet potatoes...
It was a good idea.
Instead of forcing or being stubborn with the monster's reactions, it was about flexibly understanding and catering to what the monster wanted.
This was the first step in taming a monster.
The boy of the Wardanaz family understood this well, even without being taught, evident from his actions...
Thump!
Yi-Han, seeing the distracted puppy, quickly lunged and hugged it tightly.
He then lay on top of it to prevent it from escaping.
"Got you."
"..."
Professor Bungaegor was astonished.
Yelp!
Woof! Grrrr! Whine... Whimper.
Initially startled and barking, the puppy soon submitted to fear, becoming docile and looking up at Yi-Han.
Lying on the ground, Yi-Han scratched the puppy's belly. The puppy wagged its tail, panting happily.
Although different from Professor Bungaegor's idea of friendly taming, it was taming nonetheless.
...Using deception and fear.
"Professor, look. We've become friends."
"Yes, good job. Stay hugging it for a while."
Raphael of White Tiger, looking at Yi-Han hugging the burning puppy without getting up from the dirt, wore a disgusted expression.
Such a ruthless fellow.
Was this level of ruthlessness necessary to possess such dark magic abilities, even though he was not from a knightly family but a high noble family?
"Yawn."
How much time had passed?
Someone yawned, followed by several students.
Only then did Professor Bungaegor realize something was off.
'Has it been this long?'
The duration of the flame resistance potion prepared by Professor Bungaegor varied for each student, to prevent them from predicting and preparing in advance.
But it shouldn't have lasted this long.
'What...'
Professor Bungaegor scrutinized Yi-Han.
To her astonishment, the potion's effects had already worn off. There was no sign of flame resistance energy in the body.
Yi-Han was simply...
Emitting mana from his body, repelling the flames of the burning puppy. The puppy whimpered and spat flames, but they couldn't reach Yi-Han and were pushed to the ground, dissipating.
To block the flames purely with the release of mana, without using a protective barrier or any other spell, was remarkable.
That was not a mage's technique, but a swordsman's.
'What a brute!'
Yi-Han misunderstood Professor Bungaegor's gaze as having a different meaning.
'Professor, I too need to survive.'
Yi-Han had his reasons.
After all, depending on a single potion and risking one's life to hug a burning puppy was dangerous.
Yi-Han, having instincts, had no choice but to protect himself in his own unique way.
Though his method was incredibly unconventional and something others couldn't possibly imitate...
Yi-Han had yet to realize that the effects of the flame resistance potion had ended. He had thought that even with his mana, he would feel the heat if the potion's effect wore off.
'But stroking this puppy, I feel strange.'
It was a kind of delusion of grandeur.
It was as if he had gained a newfound confidence in using fire elemental magic.
It was similar to how he felt more confident in handling the bead after his near-death experience with Professor Boladi.
The latter had a basis, whereas the former did not.
'...A trap?'
Yi-Han gazed intently at the puppy. The burning puppy wagged its tail and panted.
"The potion's effects ended a while ago."
"What? Really?"
Startled by Professor Bungaegor's words, Yi-Han came to his senses.
Seeing this, Professor Bungaegor thought to herself.
'Next time, I must bring a creature that can't be blocked by mere mana.'
Unaware that he had dug his own grave, Yi-Han asked the professor.
"Professor, can the fire puppy cast hypnosis?"
"...Did you drink alcohol instead of the flame resistance potion?"
After hearing Yi-Han's explanation, Professor Bungaegor dismissed it casually.
"That's not hypnosis or deception, but your genuine heightened understanding of the fire element."
"Ha ha. Is that so?"
Yi-Han responded with an air of disbelief. Professor Bungaegor nearly hit him, then stopped.
"It's true. You're learning basic elemental magic, right? What's important when using basic elemental magic? Familiarity with the element."
When using basic elemental magic, what mattered was how vividly and strongly one could visualize the element.
A student who grew up in hot, fiery places would be attuned to the fire element.
A student from the wave-crashing coast would connect with the water element.
Depending on their life experiences, students would naturally be influenced differently by the elements.
Conversely, continuous contact with a specific element increases understanding of that element.
"Theory is important, but as a mage, don't lose touch with your intuition, Wardanaz. Your understanding of the fire element has indeed increased."
Professor Bungaegor spoke earnestly.
Yi-Han, who had been half-skeptical, listened. It wasn't bad news.
Merely enduring the embrace of the burning puppy increased his understanding of the fire element.
"But seeing such an increase, you might have a talent for the fire element?"
"What? But I have a talent for the water element."
Yi-Han responded, puzzled. It was unusual to possess talents in opposing elements.
Professor Bungaegor replied as if it was obvious.
"You wouldn't gain such an understanding from petting a burning puppy for several minutes if you didn't have a talent for the fire element."
"!"
Yi-Han realized he hadn't had many opportunities to test his talent for the fire element.
Professor Garcia had warned him of its dangers, and he had nearly died a few times from misuse outside…
"Huh?"
'Could it be that I actually had a talent for the fire element?'
His burning anger towards the professor might have unwittingly developed into a talent for the fire element.
Perhaps his affinity for the water element was just because Professor Boladi constantly harassed him, making him familiar with it...
"Wardanaz, don't limit yourself. It's better to try things out and gain understanding through experience."
"Thank you."
"You can learn how to use the flame resistance potion another time. I'll prepare a suitable monster for you."
"Thank you... Wait a moment. Professor! Professor!"
Yi-Han called out desperately to Professor Bungaegor, but the professor coldly walked past, leaving him behind among the students who were getting beaten up by the burning puppies.
Evening.
Yi-Han was diligently sewing with Nillia. Other friends were also sitting together, busily working their needles.
All around, the students' clothes and coats bore burnt holes here and there, scars left by the flaming puppy.
Nillia's face lit up with admiration as she looked at the fabrics Yi-Han had bought from outside. Her expression resembled that of an old master artisan admiring a protege.
"You have a good eye, Wardanaz. You chose well...!"
"It's all thanks to your teachings."
"Sturdy, tough, and water-resistant. Yes, this is the right material for a coat."
"We should also prepare for camping."
To complete the task set by the skull principal, they had to cross the lake. If unlucky, they might have to spend the night there.
"I know all about camping!"
Yi-Han's declaration excited Nillia, who eagerly raised her hand.
The students of the Blue Dragon let out exclamations of awe as they looked at Nillia.
Yi-Han felt a sudden pang of sympathy seeing Nillia's elongated ears perk up.
'Those from the Black Tortoise, they're too stingy with praise.'
Such a kind friend...
"What should we prepare, Nillia? A camping tent?"
"It's fine. Just a coat will do."
"Oh. What about a camping blanket for the ground?"
"It's fine. Just a coat will do."
"...Don't we at least need a blanket?"
"It's fine. Just a coat will do."
Nillia was excited to share the wisdom of the &lt;Shadow Patrol&gt; with her friends.
The knowledge of sleeping in a cold ravine with only a coat was essential for them.
However, the faces of the Blue Dragon students darkened.
Unable to bear it, Yi-Han intervened.
"Don't misunderstand, everyone. Nillia was just joking."
"Ha... Haha! It was a joke! Hahaha!"
"I was 100% sure it was a joke!"
Nillia looked at Yi-Han as if to say, 'What are you talking about?'
"I wasn't joking. I only need a coat... Uh-uh."
Yonaire quickly covered Nillia's mouth.
Despite minor issues, the friends finished mending and preparing their clothes.
The newly made cloaks and masks of dark fabric would protect them in any situation.
Ratford said with a pleased expression, "You all look like splendid thieves."
"Haha. Don't say it like that."
"It's embarrassing."
The Blue Dragon students were at a loss for words at Ratford's compliment.
Were they really that impressive?
"It's time. Let's go."
Yi-Han and his friends rose from their seats.
Tonight, they would raid Professor Uregor's workshop!
The students were divided into two groups.
Those who had ventured out at night several times, and those who had never done so.
Yi-Han was naturally among the former. He no longer felt any hesitation wandering the academy in the evening.
With a casualness akin to taking a leisurely stroll.
"Yi-Han of the Wardanaz family. Do you know how to open the door to the Gaksu Pavilion?"
Yi-Han nodded in response.
Ratford would handle the physical locks.
Yi-Han would deal with the magic ones.
'We've already finished checking.'
It was easy to check the first-floor main gate lock of the Gaksu Pavilion, as it was frequently used for classes. Ratford had already made a fake key.
"Follow me quietly."
Yi-Han instructed his friends and approached the main entrance of the Gaksu Pavilion with Ratford.
His friends cautiously trailed behind them.
"!"
To their surprise, there was a large hole in the main door of the Gaksu Pavilion. It looked as though something large and bulky had charged through and broken it.
The students were in awe.
"You prepared this in advance! Amazing!"
"...What is this?"
"???"
At Yi-Han's bewildered voice, the students there were startled.



Chapter 83
"Wardanaz, wasn't it you who had prepared in advance?"
"I sometimes wonder what you all think of me..."
Yi-Han checked the shattered hole and clicked his tongue.
"Not good."
"Why is that?"
"The debris is inside the Gaksu Pavilion. It must have come from outside."
If the creature that had been lurking inside the Gaksu Pavilion had broken out, it wouldn't have been a concern. However, the current state of affairs clearly indicated that a large monster from outside had entered the Gaksu Pavilion.
Ratford looked at Yi-Han with a slightly impressed expression.
"You truly have the qualities of a great thief."
"Tsk...!"
"Me, me too! Ratford. I can deduce as well!"
The students of the Blue Dragon showed a strange sense of competition.
Even if they fell behind in academic grades or magic abilities, they did not want to be outdone in their skills as thieves.
Nillia looked at them as if wondering why they were behaving like that.
"Why are they acting like this?"
"It's probably because they grew up reading fairy tales about honorable thieves."
At Yonaire's words, Nillia thought it was absurd.
‘Do the nobles of the empire really grow up reading such ridiculous fairy tales?’
"Are there no hunters?"
“Uh… I’m sure there are fairy tales about a thief who turned into a hunter…”
While his friends were conversing, Yi-Han made up his mind and opened the door to the Gaksu Pavilion.
"Listen everyone. We are not here to sneak into the Gaksu Pavilion."
"?"
"???"
Not sneak in? Then what?
Were they planning to write 'Visited by the students of the Blue Dragon' on the walls with paint?
"We have voluntarily gathered to stop the summoned beast that arbitrarily invades the Gaksu Pavillion and protect the precious items of the professor."
"...Ah. Aha!"
"Indeed...!"
The invasion of the summoned beast was not entirely a disadvantage.
If things went wrong later, they could blame it on the summoned beast.
...Of course, whether this excuse would work with Professor Uregor was another matter.
"Light."
Yi-Han conjured a sphere of light. The dark first floor of the Gaksu Pavilion brightened up.
The greenhouses and classrooms located next to the corridor.
Students who had wandered around the magic academy at night knew that the academy at night was entirely different from the daytime.
Classrooms that looked ordinary during the day seemed like they could be hiding a few undead at night...
And the plants that grew in the warm greenhouse under the sunlight seemed to be holding their breath in the darkness, waiting for an opportunity to attack.
'It wouldn't be surprising if Professor Uregor had actually prepared such plants.'
The first floor was familiar to all students, but from the second floor onwards, it was uncharted territory.
What could possibly be there?
"!"
As they ascended the stairs to the second floor, a strong mana was felt from within.
The space itself was imbued with magic.
'Space expansion!'
The space on the second floor appeared tens of times larger than the first floor. It was a vast botanical garden.
The students were overwhelmed by the sight of strange and enormous plants, the likes of which they had never seen or heard of.
"There is a saying that a great alchemist must be a great gardener. But even so, the scale is truly remarkable..."
Priestess Siana murmured in awe.
As much as alchemists needed to traverse mountains and fields to gather ingredients, it was natural for them to grow what they could.
But even considering that, the scale was truly impressive.
"Wow. What's the name of this plant?"
Gainando pointed at a flower shining in iridescent colors at the front, marveling at it.
The way it swayed with the soft moonlight coming through the window was truly beautiful.
Yi-Han kindly responded.
"That flower is a Nepholops."
"Oh. What effects does it have?"
"It swallows whole any beast that touches its petals."
"..."
Gainando stepped back in alarm.
"But the honey produced by that flower sells for quite a high price..."
"Is that really important right now?!"
"I was just answering your question."
Yi-Han replied and looked around.
There were many more things in the vicinity that Yi-Han didn't know than he did. Yonaire and Priestess Siana were likely in the same situation.
'But...'
The Gaksu Pavilion was not a dormitory tower. Being a workshop used by Professor Uregor, it couldn't possibly be filled with so many traps.
After all, Professor Uregor himself had to walk around there too...
Yi-Han calmly searched for a path. There must be a route used by Professor Uregor when he wandered through this botanical garden.
Rattle-
"!"
As if reading Yi-Han's thoughts, the bone summon made a rattling noise from his belt.
The bone summon pointed in a direction, indicating where to look. Surprisingly, there were fresh footprints in the mud, likely made by a monster.
'So, a monster passed through here first!'
It was clear that the monster had found the path used by Professor Uregor before they did.
Yi-Han wanted to praise the bone summon for discovering it. But then…
"Wardanaz. I've got a good idea. Seeing these footprints, it's clear a monster entered first! So, this path must be safe."
Nillia whispered excitedly.
Yi-Han was about to praise the bone summon, but he hesitated and then spoke.
"...Amazing, Nillia!"
Rattle Rattle!
"Is it because you're from the &lt;Shadow Patrol&gt;? You're really amazing. I'm glad you're here. It would have been scary to imagine what would have happened without you."
"It's nothing much."
Nillia tried to brush it off as nothing, but her long ears were twitching excitedly.
"Alright. I'll find the way. Please tell everyone to follow me."
"Sure, sure."
Yi-Han sent Nillia ahead and sighed in relief.
Rattle Rattle Rattle!
Yi-Han apologized to the protesting bone summon.
"Sorry. Friendship is more complicated than you think."
The bone summon flicked its fingers, as if it found it hard to understand.
Following the footprints of the monster that entered first turned out to be a good strategy.
As they moved along the path in the botanical garden, the students were not attacked by any of the plants.
It was clear that Professor Uregor hadn't set many traps on the paths he used.
'Thank you, Professor.'
Yi-Han moved forward, grateful for the professor's laziness.
-■■■■...
"..."
But where there's fortune, misfortune often follows.
At the far end of the botanical garden, near the stairs to the third floor.
Yi-Han's expression hardened when he saw the monster occupying the space in front of the stairs.
"A bull... right?"
"Yeah. It doesn't look like an ordinary bull."
Not only had it broken down the main door on the first floor, but it also seemed to have trampled a few plants on the second floor, as evidenced by the debris, vines, and leaves tangled in the bull's horns.
At that moment, Yi-Han recalled a bull that Professor Uregor had mentioned before.
'...Huh?'
Until now, he had thought the spirit bull captured by Professor Ingurdel was the same bull, but upon closer inspection, the bull in front of him resembled much more to the one Professor Uregor had described.
This bull wasn't mixed with any spirit and appeared to have been enhanced only physically by various potions.
‘Then was it just a creature summoned by the upperclassmen?’
Yi-Han felt apologetic for having cursed Professor Uregor upon seeing the spirit bull.
'No. On second thought, there's no need to feel sorry.'
His feelings of remorse vanished instantly as he looked at the bull before him.
Was this brute really left to roam the mountains?
"How should we handle this?"
"There's no need to fight it, really."
Though slightly different in kind, he had already learned something from dealing with the spirit bull.
There was no need to overpower and subdue an opponent!
Besides, this botanical garden was not an ideal place for a fight, nor had they come to subdue a bull.
Moreover, the bull seemed to have little interest in the students. It was chewing something, positioned in front of the stairs.
"If that's the bull raised by Professor Uregor... could it have returned because it's hungry?"
Yonaire's suggestion sounded plausible.
If it was a creature raised by Professor Uregor, then it knowing its way around here made sense.
That it had come straight here without wreaking havoc elsewhere on the first floor would have been difficult for an ordinary monster.
"Then, if we leave it be, might it just eat and move on?"
"It's highly likely."
Relieved that they might not have to fight, the students let out sighs of relief.
The creature before them felt more violent and wilder than the spirit bull, just based on its size.
"...Uh... Yi-Han...?"
Yonaire tugged at Yi-Han's sleeve and spoke.
"Is that... okay?"
The bull, ignoring the students, bit off a plant next to it. After a few chews, it spat it out, apparently finding it tasteless.
Then it chewed on another plant, and another, trampling a few with its feet...
Seemingly amused, the bull began to destroy the plants even more rapidly.
The faces of Yonaire, an alchemy expert, and Priestess Siana paled. Even though the plants weren't theirs, it hurt to see them destroyed.
Yi-Han's complexion changed as well.
It was one thing for students to come in and borrow a little potion, but quite another for a monster to be destroying the plants in the botanical garden.
And if these two issues were combined, the professor's anger could very well turn towards the students.
"We have to stop it! Feet, grasp the earth!!"
Yi-Han chanted a spell and rushed forward.
He then hurled a curse magic at the bull.
"Be paralyzed!"
Dark magic formed like a wave and surged towards the bull.
However, the bull sensed the threat and dodged the curse.
"Wardanaz! Why do we have to stop it?"
"That's what honor is! Wardanaz. I'm coming to help!"
Misunderstanding Yi-Han's intention, his friends from the Blue Dragon rushed in, wielding their staffs.
"The flame of power..."
As Gainando started casting a flame creation spell, Yi-Han slapped his mouth in horror.
Slap!
"?!?"
"Never use fire where there are plants!"
"Be paralyzed!"
"Be paralyzed!!"
His friends cast paralyzing curses they had learned in class. Carelessly invoking the wrong element could have set the surroundings ablaze.
Unlike Yi-Han's curse, which the bull had dodged, it didn't even try to avoid the students' curses. Despite several hits, the bull seemed unaffected.
"Ah, what exactly did Professor Uregor feed it?!"
The students screamed. The bull was tougher than they had anticipated.
"Go and distract it!"
Yi-Han sent the bone summon and then started summoning water orbs.
The bull, indifferent to the other students waving their staffs or speaking, looked at Yi-Han as if on guard.
"It wasn't wise to hastily cast a curse!"
Casting a curse on a monster with sharp instincts was not an easy task.
Incautiously casting a curse had only made the bull more wary, complicating the situation.
Yi-Han began to hurl a series of water orbs. The bull dodged them accurately, but Yi-Han did not panic.
'First, we need to draw it out from among the plants.'
He had been attacking to separate the bull from the plants all along.
"Everyone, take these weakening potions!"
Priestess Siana handed out potion flasks. The students quickly threw them.
As the flasks shattered, the bull stumbled, hit by the potion. Yonaire, realizing the bull's magic resistance had weakened, shouted.
"Everyone, cast your curses again!"
"Be paralyzed, be paralyzed!"
"Be paralyzed!"
The bull shook its head as if annoyed. The weakening had allowed the curses to penetrate its skin.
Yi-Han detonated the water orbs in erratic orbits around the bull. The bull flinched and stopped moving.
Then, Yi-Han's curse burst forth.
'Faster!'
"Be paralyzed!"
With a single-minded focus on casting faster, Yi-Han's spell accelerated.
As a result, his curse was launched even before he finished chanting the spell. It was such a frantic moment that Yi-Han himself didn't realize it.
Thump!
Unable to withstand Yi-Han's curse, the bull finally knelt down.
The students, without any order, simultaneously let out long breaths of relief.
"What in the world is going on here?"
"!!!"
A tall, skinny willow tree was walking towards them from among the plants.
Yi-Han immediately responded.
"We were protecting Professor Uregor's plants."
"...Yes! A strange bull was tearing at the plants...!"



Chapter 84
Yonaire quickly picked up on Yi-Han's words.
The willow tree, as if deeply impressed, praised the students. "Excellent. You've been protecting the plants amongst yourselves without a professor. It's not something just anyone can do."
"Thank you."
Feeling the atmosphere lighten, Yi-Han inquired about the stranger's identity. "Excuse me, but who are you?"
"Ah, you're freshmen, so you don't know me. I'm a professor here, teaching botany. Call me Professor Willow."
The professor was indeed aptly named.
Gainando seemed to recall the talking oak trees he had encountered in the forest, raising his hand cautiously to ask, "Do you have any relation to the talking oak trees?"
"I'm a willow, and they are oaks, little troll."
"Me? I'm human, though."
"Yes, and I'm a willow, not an oak."
Yi-Han realized he needed to be careful with his words around Professor Willow, who seemed to dislike being lumped together with other similar trees.
Professor Willow slowly walked over, waved his branches, and touched the fallen bull.
Deepening the wrinkles on his wooden knots, he said, "This is a bull raised by Professor Uregor. Always so careless, that dwarf."
'Damn. It really was the professor's bull.'
Yi-Han cursed the absent Professor Uregor in his mind. If one was going to strengthen a monster with potions, at least manage it properly, not let it loose causing such a ruckus.
"Did you subdue this bull with a paralysis curse?"
Professor Willow looked at the students in amazement.
It was extraordinary for first-year students to do such a thing. They shouldn't have been able to cast such a powerful paralysis curse.
"We used a weakening potion first, then the curse."
"Still, it must have been tough. Remarkable."
Professor Willow rustled his branches, and vines grew from the ground, wrapping around the bull and confining it within a wooden enclosure.
"I'll inform Professor Uregor about this when he returns."
"Have you been taking care of the plants here, Professor?" asked Priestess Siana cautiously.
"Yes. My garden is usually elsewhere. I was asked by Professor Uregor to take care of this botanical garden for today. It’s annoying, but what can I do when he has to meet the emperor’s officials?"
"Really? I thought he was going to the market with Professor Bungaegor."
Professor Willow stopped in his tracks.
"Is that true?"
"Yes. You can ask Professor Bungaegor later."
Professor Willow stood still, but the restless movement of the leaves on the tip of his branches indicated his mood.
"You're from the Wardanaz family, aren't you?"
Yi-Han was slightly startled when the professor suddenly guessed his name.
What?
"Don't be surprised. I've just heard about you from the other professors. Anyway, thanks for telling me."
Professor Willow expressed his gratitude in a gentle tone.
"Do you need anything? If so, let me know."
"We're planning to practice alchemy. Do you know where we can find useful ingredients or reagents?"
"Hmm..."
Professor Willow pondered.
Of course, the vast grounds of the magic academy were abundant with ingredients and reagents, but most of the places were a bit dangerous for freshmen.
Yi-Han observed Professor Willow's expressions with utmost attention.
It didn't matter that the other was a tree spirit-like being. As a professor, he couldn't escape Yi-Han's keen observation.
'Now!'
Yi-Han took a gamble with his next move.
"Perhaps, from Professor Uregor's Workshop, could we borrow... Ah, no, never mind. That was too impudent of me to ask."
Yi-Han bowed his head as if embarrassed, but Professor Willow rustled his branches as if it was a great idea.
"That's actually a good idea."
"What? But..."
"It's fine. When Professor Uregor returns, I'll tell him the bull wandered in and took some things. I'll select what you can take."
With that, Professor Willow headed towards the stairs leading to the third floor.
Priestess Siana looked at Yi-Han and said, "Yi-Han of the Wardanaz family really shouldn't join any evil cult."
"?"
As they stepped onto the third floor, they were greeted by pitch darkness, impervious even to light spells.
"Be careful not to lose your way. The paths here are notoriously complex," advised Professor Willow, swinging his branches. Suddenly, something in the darkness began to approach. It was a door marked 'Workshop 6'.
Clunk!
Professor Willow turned the doorknob and opened it. The workshop inside was engulfed in blue smoke, freezing everything within. Quickly, he shut the door.
"This workshop should be permanently closed."
Pushing aside Workshop 6, Professor Willow called up several more Workshops. Most were in disarray. Workshop 17 had distorted space, with water falling from a desk flowing upwards to the ceiling, and Workshop 29 was being consumed by a pitch-black darkness.
Yi-Han took out a piece of paper and meticulously noted down everything Professor Willow did. He wasn't sure when he'd return to the third floor.
'So that's how it is.'
Yi-Han roughly understood the layout of the third floor.
The reason there weren't many traps on the first and second floors was that the third floor itself was almost maze-like. If one didn't know what each Workshop contained and how to summon it, being on the third floor was essentially meaningless.
Breaking the magic with force in such a jumbled space was dangerous, as it could lead to disaster.
The solution was to learn everything step by step from the beginning.
Just like there was no shortcut to learning, the same applied to thievery.
'Workshop 6, swing left twice and then 6 times. Workshop 17, four times to the right, once up, and then 17 times. Workshop 29 is...'
"Found it."
Professor Willow located a suitable Workshop. Yi-Han quickly tucked the paper into his coat.
The Workshop they entered now looked more like a typical alchemist's Workshop, filled with various alchemical tools and flasks.
The students entered with slightly frightened expressions, having seen the previous Workshops.
"Here, take these."
Professor Willow began to sweep up alchemical tools and flasks, throwing them one by one. Yi-Han, unfazed, deftly caught them and placed them carefully into a leather bag he had brought.
"Did I give too much?"
"Not at all, Professor. I'm just grateful."
As soon as Yi-Han's leather bag was full, he would hand it to his friends and take out a new one.
His speed of swapping bags was so quick that even Professor Willow might mistake it for an artifact swap.
"This should be enough for your practice. I didn't give anything too dangerous, or anything that Professor Uregor is too fond of."
"That's more than enough."
Professor Willow carefully tidied up the Workshop which appeared to have been ransacked by thieves, using his branches.
The scattered tools found their way back to their rightful places, and the opened drawers closed once again.
Noticing some withering potted plants in a corner, Professor Willow's expression soured, and he summoned a watering can.
"I'll help," volunteered Yi-Han, stepping forward.
'I must make a good impression.'
Although Yi-Han doubted Professor Willow would snitch to Professor Uregor, human affairs were unpredictable.
Moreover, there was no harm in making a good impression on a professor. After all, Yi-Han might attend Professor Willow's class someday.
Unaware of Yi-Han's ulterior motive, his friends rolled up their sleeves to help, but Yi-Han shook his head.
"Go back, all of you."
"Why? Wardanaz? We can also..."
"Professor Uregor might return at any time. Take the bags and head back to the dormitory."
"!"
His friends marveled at Yi-Han's command.
Indeed...!
Ratford, visibly impressed, spoke up. "You're truly remarkable. I have nothing left to teach you."
"Don't flatter me, Ratford. There's still much I need to learn from you."
Yonaire, sensing something odd about the situation but not wanting to disrupt the warm atmosphere, stayed quiet.
"Then, Wardanaz, I'll move ahead."
"See you at the dorm!"
The students grunted as they hoisted the bags and descended. Yi-Han, noticing Yonaire still present, looked puzzled.
"Why?"
"I thought it'd be good to have someone to help you. Even if I'm not with them, they can still carry the bags."
"Thanks."
"What's this about, it’s nothing."
"Wait. Should I...?"
"Don't ask if you need to apologize."
Yonaire warned, extending a finger. Yi Han changed the subject.
"...thanks to Jena."
"Is that a southern dialect?"
As he spoke, Yonaire picked up the watering can.
Truth be told, Yonaire hadn't expected Yi-Han to be adept at tending plants.
Caring for plants was more difficult and complex than one might assume. Even the simple task of watering varied greatly.
Some plants needed less water, others more. On hot, sunny days, they needed extra watering, while on damp, cloudy days, less was required.
Common plants were one thing, but rare and delicate ones were even more challenging. It was a task requiring both knowledge and intuition.
Yonaire had confidence in this area, having nurtured plants while reading alchemical tomes back home, but Yi-Han...
"You're doing well," commended Professor Willow in an admiring tone.
Both Yi-Han and Yonaire were not novices in handling plants.
Yi-Han, sensing Yonaire's surprised gaze, asked quizzically, "What's up?"
"Oh... no, just... you water them so well."
"I've done it plenty of times."
Yonaire wasn't the only one who had walked the path of plant care. Yi-Han had done the same.
Initially, it was a semi-forced hobby due to the professors, but a hobby once developed seldom fades away.
In his previous life, he had tended to the professors' plants; in this life, out of boredom, he had cultivated the Wardanaz family's garden.
Yonaire looked at Yi-Han with a mix of joy and admiration in her eyes.
People with niche hobbies were always overjoyed to meet others who shared their interests.
"You too...! Did the servants at your family's estate also ask why you bothered with such tasks?"
'Not really.'
Yi-Han was slightly taken aback.
The Wardanaz family was quite laissez-faire, not minding whether Yi-Han practiced swordsmanship or plant care.
But Yi-Han didn't want to disappoint Yonaire, who was kindly helping him.
"Of course, I did. But I never minded. I thought it would be helpful for alchemy someday."
"Yi-Han..."
Yonaire looked at Yi-Han with an expression that suggested she would award him the 'Best Friend Medal' if such a thing existed.
Yonaire was not the only one moved. Professor Willow was also touched.
"To meet students who care so much for plants... Follow me, everyone."
Leading the way, Professor Willow descended the stairs. Yi-Han and Yonaire, quickly wiping off the water, followed him.
'Is he going to give us something more?'
Yi-Han felt a subtle sense of anticipation, fueled by the joy in the professor's voice. After all, wasn't this why he had volunteered to stay back?
Upon reaching a corner of the second-floor botanical garden, Professor Willow stopped and pointed to the plants.
"Here, water all these plants from this point to here."
"?"
Yi-Han's face stiffened at the unexpected turn of events.
Could it be that Professor Willow was one of those extremely rare professors who rewarded hard work with more work?
If that was the case, it was indeed a terrifyingly daunting prospect.



Chapter 85
Before Yi-Han could even begin to argue, Professor Willow swiftly walked away. Yi-Han wouldn't have protested anyway, even if the professor hadn't left.
After all, a professor who would listen to protests wouldn't have given such a task in the first place!
"Yonaire, I'm sorry."
Yi-Han apologized sincerely.
He should have escaped when he had the chance earlier, instead of trying to impress the professor, which now had its consequences.
"Huh? Sorry for what?"
But Yonaire was already busy digging around the dry soil near the plants, feeling its texture to check if it needed water.
"...Aren't you angry about this unfair labor?"
"Taking care of plants is fun, isn't it? You like it too, don’t you?"
Surprisingly, Yonaire didn't seem displeased at all.
Loving to take care of plants, the opportunity to personally tend to the rare species she had only read about in books was very satisfying for her.
"I like my own plants, but others’, especially the professor's plants are a bit... Never mind. As long as you're happy, that's what matters."
Yi-Han started to say something but then stopped.
Upon reflection, he realized Yonaire's perspective was quite positive.
Thinking of it as a chore assigned by the professor could be depressing, but considering it as a chance to see rare plants they could only read about in books...
'But still, it doesn’t completely erase the gloom.'
Yi-Han was too pragmatic to be as optimistic as Yonaire.
Yet, Yi-Han moved into action.
Feelings were feelings, but work was work.
"Yi-Han, the soil is dry. Should we water it?"
"The leaves are firm, and the book said it doesn't need much water, so let's skip it. But this one definitely needs water..."
"Wait. That plant needs only rainwater. I've read about it."
"Right. I've read that too."
"Did I make too amateurish a suggestion?"
"No. It's good to check our knowledge against each other."
The two students at the botanical garden shared a knowing smile.
Experts recognize each other!
Other students of the Blue Dragon wouldn't understand why they had to go to such lengths for a single plant.
For youngsters from noble families, gardening was a meticulous and labor-intensive task.
But for Yi-Han, it was different.
'Plants are better than professors.'
Of course, checking the soil daily, adjusting the water type and temperature, removing pests or mold, ventilating the air, and giving potions could be bothersome and annoying.
But plants were quiet and taciturn, which made them more endearing than any professor.
How many hours had passed?
"Are we done?"
"Yeah."
They wiped their sweat and straightened their backs. Gardening was as demanding as swordsmanship training; their muscles screamed in protest.
“I am watching you, young humans.”
"...?!"
"!"
Yi-Han immediately drew his staff and aimed it in the direction of the voice.
Surprisingly, the voice came from the nearby pond.
With a bubbling sound, a massive water entity emerged from the pond. It was clearly a powerful elemental spirit.
"My name is Farakis. I am the spirit of this pond. You young humans must be the dwarf's disciples."
"...Yes. Do you know the professor?"
"Yes. I have a contract with the dwarf to help tend this garden."
It was evident that the spirit looked favorably upon them, and the reason became clear immediately.
"It is rare among young humans to find ones who care for plants as diligently and meticulously as you two..."
"Aha, is that why?"
Seeing Farakis, Yi-Han began to understand why Professor Willow had sent them here.
Professor Willow was a professor of botany.
He must have been moved by Yi-Han and Yonaire's genuine care for the plants.
That's why he sent them to this spirit who valued caring for plants highly.
If they truly cherished the plants, they would surely be recognized by the spirit!
‘I'm sorry, Professor.’
Yi-Han quickly apologized.
He had thought Professor Willow had merely tasked them with his own work, but there was a deeper meaning behind it.
He was touched by this revelation. Normally, spirits do not like revealing themselves in front of people, but they couldn't remain idle after witnessing such dedication.
Having finished speaking, the spirit looked at Yi-Han, puzzled.
"But you seem to be the type that spirits would fear. How do you have a tree spirit with you?"
"..."
Yi-Han felt slightly hurt by this remark. Yonaire, without realizing, jumped to his defense.
"Yi-Han may not seem like it, but he's really a kind person."
I'm sorry, young human. Lower spirits do not have the ability to discern the nature of their contractors.
The weaker and lower the spirit, the lesser its intellect.
To understand the nature of a contractor like Yi-Han would require a long time of coexistence and mutual understanding, which was difficult for Yi-Han, as most spirits would likely flee from his powerful mana!
"I received this staff as a gift from the talking oak trees."
“Ah, I see. Don't be too heartbroken. The tree spirit of your staff was scared at first and still is, but it praises you as a good human.”
"..."
Yi-Han looked at his staff, unknowingly.
It was scared of him?
Yonaire, feeling sorry, asked.
"Farakis, is there any way for Yi-Han to make a contract with a spirit? Even when he tries to contact spirits in the spirit world, they avoid him."
“Hmm... This is a dilemma I haven't encountered before…”
Farakis immersed in thought with splashing sounds.
“How about this?”
"What is it?"
Yi-Han felt a flicker of hope.
Being a powerful named spirit, he would have a wise solution...
“Instead of trying to make a contract with spirits, why not form a contract with other beings? With such powerful mana, most would be afraid, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. There are beings who would appreciate such power.”
"...But I do want to make a contract with a spirit."
“Hmm. I see. If they liked such traits, they would probably be malevolent beings. That wouldn't suit someone with a benevolent heart like yours.”
"?"
Yi-Han was puzzled.
Was that so?
But Yonaire showed no sign of surprise, nodding in agreement.
"That's right."
"I'm not insistent on contracting only with spirits..."
“Hmm... If you insist on contracting with a spirit, another way might be to form a contract with wild and ferocious spirits.”
Farakis suggested another approach.
Not all lower spirits were timid and innocent. Some, even as lower spirits, were wild and fierce.
Especially the spirits of unstable and destructive elements tended to have such tendencies.
"There's such a method...! Wait, but the professor didn't mention anything about this."
Yi-Han realized something odd.
Could it be that Professor Uregor deliberately didn't tell him, possibly as a prank?
It was a highly plausible scenario.
"Well... Even if a lower spirit is wild and fierce, it's not so foolish as to not recognize danger... It's more likely they would flee or run away."
"..."
"..."
Yi-Han and Yonaire fell into silence again. Yonaire's sympathetic gaze was somehow heart-wrenching for Yi-Han.
“But the method I mentioned is not entirely wrong. The stronger and higher-level spirits are less likely to run away at the sight of you. And such spirits might be able to discern your true nature through conversation.”
"Thank you for the advice."
“Hmm... No, not all strong and high-level spirits would work. Ideally, it should be a wild and fierce one. Of course, not all spirits who aren't like that will necessarily run away, but spirits generally don't like meaningless fights…”
"..."
Yi-Han thought he might have been better off not hearing Farakis's explanation, which now felt even more daunting!
Yonaire asked with a pleading tone.
"Farakis, would you consider making a contract with Yi-Han?"
"Yonaire, it's okay. Let it be."
"No, I want to help!"
Yonaire wanted to repay Yi-Han for the help she had received.
But Yi-Han was starting to feel embarrassed.
It was like a teacher asking, 'Isn't there a spirit who can be friends with Yi-Han?'
“A young human mage contracting with me is a bit much. You'd collapse right away…”
Farakis, looking at Yi-Han, changed its statement.
“...You might not collapse, but I'm sorry. I have a contract with the dwarf right now. It would be difficult for me to follow you and help.”
"It's okay."
Yi-Han thought he might have to start getting friendly with undead creatures.
“How about this? There's a spirit I know at this academy. It was summoned here. If I introduce you, it might at least listen to you.”
"!"
Yi-Han was surprised.
It was an unexpected and welcome suggestion.
"Would that be okay? I don't want to be a burden..."
“Seeing you two young gardeners, I really want to help. Don't worry too much. And…”
Farakis hesitated for a moment, wondering if it should say the next part.
Finally, it spoke.
“But don't be too disappointed if that friend avoids you. Understand?”
"...Yes..."
Yi-Han started to wonder just how powerful a spirit he had to find to even have a conversation.
Would he have to seek out the Spirit King?
Farakis coiled up and floated, emptying the water from the pond. A deep cave was revealed beneath.
“This way will lead you straight to my friend.”
Yi-Han was grateful for the spirit's kindness. But Farakis's generosity wasn't over yet.
Flash!
Ancient symbols, resembling the pond, were etched onto the back of Yi-Han and Yonaire's hands.
“I've imbued a bit of my power into these markings. They will help you young mages.”
"Thank you."
"Thank you so much!"
Yi-Han and Yonaire expressed their sincere gratitude.
The spirit in front of them seemed much kinder than any professor at their school.
“Yes. Never forget your love for plants.”
As Yi-Han and Yonaire walked down into the pond, Farakis quickly returned to its original pond form. The passage to the underground quietened instantly.
"Light."
Yi-Han floated a sphere of light. And he found himself unwittingly looking at his tree spirit staff.
He wanted to ask if it still found him scary, but he held back, thinking it would sound too pitiful.
Despite his reluctance, he really wanted to ask.
"Yi-Han?"
"!"
Yi-Han, thinking his true thoughts had been discovered, was taken aback.
"Why so?"
"Mr. Farakis was at the pond, wasn't it? Where do you think the spirit we are looking for now might be?"
"...Hmm."
Yonaire's question was indeed sharp. Farakis had forgotten to explain what kind of spirit it actually was.
"Perhaps... somewhere underground, like beneath a lake or a river."
Since Farakis was a pond spirit, it was highly likely that its friend would be a similar kind of spirit.
Water, rivers, ponds, seas, etc.
'Surely it's not connected all the way to the sea.'
In the worst-case scenario, they could end up in a dungeon beneath the sea.
Yi-Han knew that this magic academy was certainly capable of that.
"It would be nice if it's a river spirit. I've heard that most river spirits are wise and knowledgeable."
"If I can indeed contract with a river spirit, then I can gain the wisdom necessary for my time in this prison... no, in this academy."
Yi-Han paused in his speech.
'But aren't river spirits known to be mostly gentle in nature?'
...Then wouldn't that mean another one running away from him?
Clank!
With a sharp noise, they emerged from the passage and ascended upwards.
The place they saw, amidst the dark and silent air, was one Yi-Han had seen before.
...It was the school's punishment room.
"..."
Yi-Han thought.
That friend could never be a river spirit!



Chapter 86
"Are we in the wrong place? This doesn't seem like it's inside the academy..."
Yonaire, unfortunately, couldn't accept the reality. Yi-Han spoke with a bitter expression.
"It is the academy. It's the punishment room."
"...?!?"
While some freshmen had visited it, for most students, the punishment room was something they had only heard about in rumors.
-“They say that If you get an F in three subjects, you're dragged to the punishment room for the whole vacation.”-
-“I heard that the bottom ten in the midterms are taken to the punishment room, right?”-
-“This is just a rumor, but it is said that among the seniors, there was someone who failed an experiment and was taken to the punishment room.”-
-“It's said if you try to escape the academy and get caught, you're taken to the punishment room, but that's probably a lie, right??”-
Most felt these were just lies, but rumors often contain a grain of truth.
Click!
"!"
Yi-Han, who had been worriedly holding the doorknob to a private room, soon realized his concern was unnecessary.
Surprisingly, the door to the room they were in was open.
'This is the punishment room, but...'
Yi-Han realized this punishment room was currently not in use.
The corridor they emerged into was filled with dust and cobwebs, and the private rooms on either side were all empty and open.
"It seems like this place isn't used anymore."
"That's not very comforting."
Yonaire muttered in a frightened voice.
A punishment room without people was scarier than one with people.
It would be better if there were people...
"Finding our way through the punishment room is quite difficult, this is going to be a headache."
"How did you kno- Ah."
Yonaire looked at Yi-Han apologetically. She knew Yi-Han had been to the punishment room before.
"It wasn't as bad an experience as you think."
"The principal didn't threaten you, did he?"
"No. If the principal ever threatens me to say something, I'll start with 'I solemnly swear'."
"That's a good idea."
After finishing their check, the two walked to the end of the corridor.
But there were no stairs.
"...???"
"????"
There was only a solid brick wall.
Yi-Han, flustered, looked back. There was no other passage on the other side. They had to move forward.
'This...'
Yi-Han intuited what was happening. Although he had only been at the magic academy for a few weeks, he was already fully adapted.
'A magic passage.'
Just like when he tried to escape through the underground storeroom, the way was hidden by magic.
There were two options.
Find it or break through.
Yi-Han took out finely wrapped charcoal powder from his pocket. Yonaire asked, puzzled.
"What's that?"
"I made it with Ratford, in case we needed it to escape."
It was similar to the principle of sprinkling graphite powder to find fingerprints on objects.
Yonaire was lost for words at Yi-Han's preparedness.
Seeing Yonaire's strange look, Yi-Han thought Yonaire was envious.
'I should teach her later.'
Yonaire would surely like such a skill!
"...It's not working."
But this time, unlike the underground storeroom, it didn't work easily. No trace was found.
Yi-Han didn't give up.
"Yonaire. Step back."
If skill didn't work, then force.
Like when he had blasted away the protective magic at the dormitory entrance, Yi-Han planned to blow away the magic covering this passage.
'Don't hit it so hard. Just enough to reveal the passage.'
“Stop it, you fool!”
"!"
The voice of a spirit echoed thunderously in the corridor. The voice, rough and wild, radiated aggression.
"Who are you?"
"I do not reveal my name to those unworthy. Why have you come to my shadow? If you do not answer quickly, I will not forgive you."
"I was introduced by Farakis."
“Farakis?”
The fierce spirit's voice hesitated, seemingly caught off guard.
“You seems strong enough for a professor of this academy, but that doesn't mean you are qualified to make a contract with me. I don't know what Farakis was thinking sending you here…”
"I'm not a professor, I'm a student."
Yonaire interjected.
"A freshman..."
There was an awkward silence for a moment. Yi-Han could feel the flow of mana running along the walls and ceiling.
The spirit seemed to be verifying something.
“A young mage... Wait, are you really a young mage and not disguised?”
"If you don't believe me, you can check."
The fierce spirit seemed to decide not to doubt any longer.
“So that's why Farakis sent you. It is kind to young mages. But I won't make a contract. I don't contract with those I don't know well.”
"As expected..."
Yonaire said regretfully.
"Yi-Han has so much mana that you're avoiding him. Like other spirits."
“What are you talking about? No!”
The opposing spirit was disconcerted by Yonaire's words.
Scared and avoiding because of too much mana. What a misunderstanding.
"But you're not showing yourself. Farakis said Yi-Han's mere existence instills fear in spirits."
"Yonaire... you didn't have to go that far..."
“You sound like a weirdo!”
"So you're not showing yourself because of that?"
“No! Do I look like a spirit who would hide just because of mana?!”
"Then why aren't you showing yourself?"
This time Yi-Han asked, curiously.
The spirit hesitated before responding.
“I avoid... meaningless fights, that's why.”
"..."
"..."
Yi-Han and Yonaire looked at each other, then seemed to understand.
"I see."
"That's possible."
“You young human mages! Do you think I cannot read the meaning behind your words?!”
Ferkuntra.
The name of the spirit they did not know.
A spirit summoned by a mage usually works at the place prepared by the mage or appears when called to fulfill the contract.
The important thing here was the contract.
A mage couldn't ask the spirit to do more than what was initially agreed upon, and the spirit wouldn't comply with such demands.
But conversely, it meant the spirit would honor what was initially agreed upon with its honor at stake.
Then why was Ferkuntra here like this?
In a punishment room with people, maybe, but in an abandoned, closed one?
The answer was because a proper contract had not been made.
-"I summon you, great spirit, Ferkuntra. Submit to me. Kneel to me. I know your true name, so you shall kneel!"-
-"Don't spout nonsense. Smells like a rat, you Lich! Even though I respect the strong, do you think I would kneel to someone like you!"-
The Lich principal, having learned the name from an ancient relic, summoned Ferkuntra using its name.
Of course, Ferkuntra did not submit just because its name was known. It did not want to contract with a Lich, among other things.
For a full week of days and nights, they fought tirelessly.
No matter the threats, Ferkuntra refused to submit, prompting the Lich principal to propose a compromise.
-"If you so despise the idea of a contract, what about a compromise, you insolent spirit Ferkuntra? If you perform just one task for me, I won't command you further. In return, I will offer you regular tributes!"-
-"...What task do you speak of?"-
-"I am nurturing young mages. There's a building where these young mages are held when they are caught trying to escape the academy, and I want you to ensure they cannot escape from it."-
-"Is that all?"-
-"Just that!"-
Ferkuntra was swayed by the Lich principal's words.
Compared to complex and detailed contracts, monitoring a building and preventing young mages from escaping didn't seem too difficult.
Moreover, without a formal contract, it wouldn't need to be too close to the Lich's soul.
-"If I refuse..."-
-"You insolent spirit. This is my last offer. If you refuse, I'll tear your entire body to shreds, seal you away, and bury the books bearing your name in a forgotten tomb. Will you plunge into eternal oblivion or accept my proposal?"-
-"...Fine. I accept!"-
Realizing it couldn't defeat the Lich principal, Ferkuntra reluctantly agreed.
It thought the young mages might attempt to escape the academy but not often.
At most, they would be trying to escape because they missed the outside world.
But, surprisingly, the young mages were more capable and made frequent escape attempts than it expected.
Ferkuntra later realized the reason.
That Lich was actually encouraging their escapes.
-"If they succeed in escaping, isn't that a skill in itself? Try to escape if you can."-
Instead of setting rules to prevent escapes when a young mage misbehaved, the Lich would cancel their punishment if they successfully escaped the academy, prompting the more daring students to continuously attempt escapes.
Thanks to this, Ferkuntra's job in the dungeon was much more arduous and challenging than it had anticipated.
The only time it could rest was in this closed-off punishment room, where it could quietly be alone.
Although this peace would be disrupted as soon as the students attempted another escape...
But, in the absence of the students, this closed-off punishment room was truly pleasant.
Then, today, suddenly, two young and inexperienced mages came looking for Ferkuntra in its resting place.
'Farakis. That scoundrel!'
It knew Farakis was fond of young mages, but it didn't expect it to send them like this.
Ferkuntra muttered, writhing.
“I'm not revealing my form as a courtesy to you young mages!”
"Ah... I see..."
Yonaire, unlike Gainando, didn't outright provoke the spirit, but her insincerity infuriated Ferkuntra even more.
A spirit like Ferkuntra could sense what a novice mage like Yonaire was thinking.
Yonaire was internally assuming Ferkuntra was scared.
What a ridiculous misunderstanding.
Of course, the young mage beside her did possess immense mana, but Ferkuntra was not a spirit to flee in fear of such things.
Yi-Han, growing tired of the conversation, politely requested.
"I understand, Mr. Spirit. Since you have no intention of making a contract, could you perhaps open the way for us?"
“Wait!”
"?"
“You two young mages are doubting my strength inwardly. Do you realize how insulting that is?”
"No..."
Yi-Han protested, as if wronged.
"We spoke respectfully, didn't we? Why do you have such paranoid thoughts?"
"Do you think I cannot read such emotions?!"
Yi-Han and Yonaire felt slightly stung by this accusation. However, Yi-Han did not back down.
"But we can't control the thoughts that come to mind, can we? Regardless of our thoughts, I believe we have maintained respect and honor."
Yonaire nodded in agreement, muttering her assent.
There really wasn’t anything wrong with Yi-Han's words.
Of course, Ferkuntra was far from convinced.
“Then I shall show you a fraction of my power.”
"If you open that wall, we might be able to see..."
“Stay quiet and prepare. You! Gather your mana.”
"I haven't even been studying magic for a year yet."
“I know. That's why I'm trying to show you in the simplest way possible. Convert the mana you've gathered into an element!”
The spirit showed no signs of backing down.
Yi-Han, resigning himself to the situation, gathered his mana. It seemed he needed to persuade the spirit to find a way out.
"What element should I use?"
“The most destructive power!”
"..."
“I told you not to doubt!!”
The spirit, seemingly reading Yi-Han's inner thoughts, erupted in anger again. Yi-Han flinched.
"Blaze!"
Naturally, the most destructive element was fire. Yi-Han, hoping the insight he gained while petting the flaming puppy would help, summoned fire.
In that moment, a massive bolt of lightning struck down from the ceiling of the punishment room, aiming for the fire.
Boom!!!
"!"
"!!"
Yi-Han and Yonaire were startled by the loud noise.
And they were also surprised by what was revealed next.
The fire summoned by Yi-Han remained unscathed.
"...What did you do?"



Chapter 87
The act that Ferkuntra had attempted was elemental transmutation.
It was a kind of stunt used to display its powerful strength among the spirits.
The method was simple.
It involved changing one element into another.
Though it sounded simple, it was far from an easy task.
Turning flames into ice.
Ice into lightning.
Lightning into darkness.
A skilled mage would understand how astonishing it was to transform an existing element into another.
Creating a new element was easier than whimsically altering an existing one, which was significantly more challenging.
Moreover, these were elements summoned by a mage.
This meant that it was possible to change a fireball launched by a mage into a spear of ice and send it back.
In other words, it was a proof of powerful ability to directly interfere with the elemental concept included in magic...
Having failed, there was neither proof nor anything else. Yi-Han and Yonaire were seriously whispering about what Ferkuntra had just done.
"It must have been trying to show us lightning."
"Lightning...? Indeed, it was a remarkable bolt, but what does it have to do with summoning a fire element?"
"Maybe it was trying to contrast the power of lightning more? When lightning strikes fire, the flames scatter..."
"Is that so? It doesn't seem very effective though."
"Have you seen? This lightning bolt is the manifestation of my power."
Ferkuntra quickly changed its statement.
After all, it had its pride, unable to admit its failure in front of the young mages.
Upon hearing the spirit's words, Yi-Han and Yonaire nodded.
"So it really was trying to show us lightning."
"But it didn’t seem very effective to the conjured fire."
"Shh. A spirit's sensibility might be a bit different."
Ferkuntra gritted its teeth.
The young mages' sincere consideration made the powerful spirit feel even more humiliated.
'Why...?'
Ferkuntra looked at the flickering flames.
Originally, it could have easily controlled and transformed the elements of even more experienced mages than the one before it.
But it couldn't even take away a single flame from this young mage.
'!'
It was then that Ferkuntra realized something was strange about the flame conjured by Yi-Han.
On the outside, it looked like a normal flame, but inside it was a dormant, seething power ready to explode.
It was akin to a dragon's flame, capable of transforming in any way depending on the mage's will.
Ferkuntra felt a chill down its spine for the first time in a while.
Young mages were prone to mistakes and accidents.
Even when casting a simple fire spell, they might raise the heat of the flame to unbearable levels for themselves or fail to maintain the shape of the flame, causing it to explode in all directions.
The reason young mages were relatively safe despite such mistakes and accidents was that they infused less mana into their spells.
With less mana, even if a spell ran amok, it wasn't too dangerous.
However, the young mage before him was different.
What if he lost control and let the flame run wild?
The sealed punishment room would melt away, and the two mages would likely die instantly.
'Why would he do such a reckless thing...'
Cursing inwardly, Ferkuntra soon realized the culprit.
...It was itself.
It had urged the gathering of mana and once again prompted the transformation into a destructive element.
Naturally, the young mage would have gathered as much mana as possible and created a destructive flame, just as the spirit had instructed.
And then Ferkuntra even tried to seize control.
When someone attempts to take control, a mage instinctively clutches it even tighter.
Because of this, it was clear that the amount of mana had unconsciously surged.
'I made a mistake...! I should have considered that there was so much mana!'
Now, Ferkuntra's pride was no longer important. What mattered was somehow calming the young mage and canceling the flame without causing panic.
"You have witnessed the grandeur of my lightning, haven't you?"
"Yes, it was truly impressive. So, could you please clear the way now...?"
Yi-Han's words were only half sincere. The other half was flattery, motivated by a desire to leave quickly.
Ferkuntra wanted to curse but couldn't, as a mass of flame was still blazing before Yi-Han.
Cursing would lead to the young mage becoming emotionally unstable or angry, which in turn could influence the flame, risking a catastrophic outburst!
“Just wait! I will open the way. I promise on my honor.”
"Really?"
Yi-Han was puzzled. The spirit seemed kinder than expected.
'I thought it would be more troublesome... But then again, a spirit is not a professor.'
Perhaps Yi-Han had misjudged the spirit.
“So, don't panic. Stay calm. Don't be afraid. Understand? If you do, say so.”
"??"
"???"
Ferkuntra lacked eloquence in speech. Yi-Han and Yonaire quickly sensed something was off.
'Why is he acting like that?'
"Is there a problem?"
“There's no problem! I tell you, no problem at all!”
Yi-Han tilted his head, puzzled, and moved the flame aside with his staff.
Ferkuntra was so startled it almost screamed. It barely managed to hold back.
“Don't... wave the staff.”
“??”
Yi-Han was perplexed. He looked at his staff, wondering if the wood spirit within it was the cause.
“Don't wave it, I said...!”
Ferkuntra restrained itself from shouting. Startling Yi-Han would be more dangerous.
"Why not?"
Ferkuntra was truly frustrated. It wanted to tell them how dangerous the flame was.
But doing so might cause the young mages to panic and create more trouble.
'I... don't like it when you wave your staff in front of me.'
"..."
"..."
Yi-Han and Yonaire wore dubious expressions. Ferkuntra could tell they thought of it as an eccentric and strange spirit!
But it had no time to argue. The longer the flame stayed, the higher the risk of it going berserk. It had to find a way to make them cancel the flame, by any means necessary.
'But how?'
No matter how much Ferkuntra pondered, it couldn't come up with a solution.
If it told them to cancel the flame...
They would ask why-&gt;the young mage gets emotionally stirred-&gt;the agitation affects the flame-&gt;flame goes berserk!
“I've changed my mind.”
"???"
“I will make a contract with you!”
"..."
Yi-Han was starting to doubt the mental state of the spirit in front of him.
‘Does it have bipolar disorder?’
Of course, it wasn't the time for Yi-Han to be picky, but he wasn't keen on befriending a mentally unstable spirit.
"May I ask why?"
Ferkuntra really wanted to strike him with a real lightning bolt.
Ungrateful, despite everything...!
But there was no time. He had to convince the young mage somehow.
“I see infinite potential in you!”
"What? What exactly did you see..."
Ferkuntra's clumsy praise only seemed to heighten Yi-Han's wariness.
Even the red-haired mage looked wary.
"It seems suspicious..."
"Right? We've barely been talking."
“Your mana! The mana you possess is a monstrous thing, something no other mage can match. You know this, don't you!”
"But just now, you said you wouldn't make a contract because of the amount of mana I have. With someone you don't know well..."
“That was because I didn't know then! But now I think I understand! Hurry! Make the contract with me!”
Ferkuntra, growing increasingly anxious, shouted out. The flame could burst out at any moment.
"Does it really have bipolar disorder...'
Yi-Han pondered.
Despite doubts about the spirit's mental state, the opportunity to make a contract with a spirit was enticing.
If Farakis recommended it, it must be a spirit of exceptional abilities.
He didn't understand why the spirit had initially refused and then suddenly changed its mind...
But perhaps this was an opportunity.
Maybe this was the one time when the eccentric spirit would soften.
"...Alright! I will make the contract."
“Well thought. Open your soul and accept me!”
As Ferkuntra sent its invocation towards Yi-Han's soul, Yi-Han became aware of Ferkuntra's true name.
The Spirit of Lightning, Ferkuntra!
That was the name of his counterpart.
'Ah. The Spirit of Lightning. Is that why it's mentally unstable?'
'Now that we're contracted, I can feel your doubts too! Stop it!'
'Oops.'
Their souls intertwined with a mark.
'I recognize you as my companion. You have the right to summon me. But remember, I am not your servant, and you are not my master.'
'I had no such thoughts.'
'Good. Be careful when summoning me. Even calling forth just a part of me, your mana could...'
Ferkuntra stopped mid-sentence. Upon reflection, mana wasn't the issue.
'...if you summon me thoughtlessly, you might not be able to when you really need me.'
Having a contract with a spirit didn't mean one could summon it on a whim.
Their relationship was based on mutual respect.
Especially for a mighty spirit like Ferkuntra, who had strong pride. It would not tolerate being summoned frequently.
'Don't worry. I won't summon you unless it's really necessary.'
Yi-Han didn't particularly want to meet a mentally unstable spirit often.
Ferkuntra, sensing Yi-Han's emotions, held back its curses.
There was something more urgent.
“Now that the contract is complete, I will show you my power!”
"What are you going to do?"
“This!”
With a shout, Ferkuntra inhabited Yi-Han's arm.
It then exerted all its power to control the flame.
“Hurry! Disperse this flame! Cancel it!”
"??"
To Ferkuntra's concern, Yi-Han easily dispersed his mana and dispelled the flame.
Ferkuntra finally breathed a sigh of relief.
“You... you fool! Do you realize how dangerous that was? You foolish young mage!”
Ferkuntra's angry outburst perplexed the young mages.
Yonaire, even in her confusion, asked a piercing question.
"But... didn't you encourage gathering mana and transforming it into the most destructive element?"
'I’m speechless.'
'I’m loss for words.'
Yi-Han and Yonaire could sense that their counterpart had nothing to reply.
“Anyway, never do that again! It's really dangerous!! This entire punishment room could have melted away!”
Ferkuntra's warning was sincere.
In that moment of sincerity, Yi-Han could feel how dangerous the situation had just been.
As Professor Garcia had warned, flame magic might still be too advanced for Yi-Han.
'I barely escaped death.'
Professor Garcia's warning was not in vain. Uncontrolled flame magic could potentially kill its caster.
Yi-Han resolved never to recklessly infuse so much mana into his magic again.
“Now you understand, I presume. Remember this: no matter how exceptional your talent may be, it's meaningless if you let it control you…”
"Wait. If you hadn't told me to gather that much mana in the first place, it wouldn't have been dangerous at all."
Yi-Han pointed out again.
If Ferkuntra hadn't instructed him to do so, they would have been safe.
It tried to gloss over it, but Yi-Han wasn't fooled.
"Now that we've made a contract, I have a question. Why did you tell me to gather so much mana and transform the element?"
“I will open the way. Look! Here is the way out. What do you think?”
Although a wall opened up and a new staircase appeared, Yi-Han was unswayed.
He was quite curious about it.
Ferkuntra, cornered, blurted out anything it could think of.
“You two young mages! The sun is rising outside; aren't you going to attend your classes?”
“!”
“!!!”
Yi-Han and Yonaire were astonished.
On Friday mornings, they had lectures on &lt;Basic Imperial Geometry and Arithmetic&gt;!



Chapter 88
"Why are you telling me this now?" Yi-Han exclaimed in anger, a stark contrast to his usual composed demeanor, even when faced with the spirit's disputes and aggressiveness. This outburst took Ferkuntra, the spirit, by surprise.
“Ah... No. You hadn't asked…”
"When dealing with students at the academy, don't you know what's most important to them?" Yi-Han continued, his frustration evident.
“One class isn't that big of a problem…”
Ferkuntra protested, feeling unjustly accused. Having spent a considerable time there, Ferkuntra was somewhat familiar with how the mages were taught - usually gathered in classrooms, listening to various stories from the professors. Missing one or two sessions didn't make much difference, as magic required consistent effort and brilliant talent, not just attendance.
"We have to submit assignments. Not submitting is absolutely not an option," Yi-Han declared firmly. Yonaire, his companion, nodded in agreement, determination blazing in her eyes, her red hair swaying.
Most of the classes at the magic academy were notoriously unscrupulous, but the &lt;Basic Imperial Geometry and Arithmetic&gt; class was particularly so.
-"This is the magic circle blueprint I submitted to the empire in my youth. Calculate the total cost involved in this blueprint by next week."-
The insane professor had tasked them, handing out a thick blueprint of a magic circle.
Yi-Han and Yonaire, gritting their teeth, cursed the professor as they worked through the night on this absurd assignment. Having completed it, they couldn't afford not to submit it - the thought alone would leave them sleepless for weeks!
"...Are you upset over just one assignment??" Ferkuntra asked, feeling wronged. Yi-Han and Yonaire sharply turned their heads towards it. They say kind people are the scariest when angered, and the young mages' glare made Ferkuntra flinch.
"Yes, yes, assignments are important. I'm sorry," Ferkuntra conceded.
"Tell us the time, please," Yi-Han urged.
Upon learning the time from Ferkuntra, Yi-Han looked anxiously at the ceiling. There was only about an hour and a half left until the start of the &lt;Basic Imperial Geometry and Arithmetic&gt; class in the morning.
"Let's hurry, Mr. Ferkuntra. Please lead us out," Yi-Han implored.
“No... I can't.”
The young mages glared at it with murderous intent.
Ferkuntra stammered its excuse. "I made a promise! To block any students trying to escape this punishment room! I cannot show you the way out. You are supposed to seal me here briefly when you leave."
Yi-Han felt a sense of futility.
Even he didn't know how complex and bizarre the structure of the academy's underground punishment room was. Without Ferkuntra's help, there was no guarantee they could escape in time. Yi-Han, becoming increasingly anxious, failed to control his emotions.
"Ah, why are you of no help! Then why did you make the contract?"
Ferkuntra's pride was slightly wounded.
Battles with dragons or demons, even a bloody fight with the Lich Principal, hadn't hurt Ferkuntra's pride. But the words of the young contract holder did.
Ferkuntra found itself babbling excuses unwittingly.
"Right now, we are in a special place called the punishment room. Once you summon me outside later, you'll see my true powers..."
"I understand. So, how do we seal you?"
"...Just command me to stay here for a while."
Yi-Han did as Ferkuntra instructed.
With that command, Ferkuntra was bound to remain in this forgotten punishment room for some time.
"Let's go, Yonaire."
“Don't forget to summon me when you're outside! My abilities are not limited to just this!”
"Yes, yes, I understand!"
"Don't forget! I mean it, don't forget! Are you listening? Don't forget..."
Despite the urgency, Yi-Han and Yonaire strived to remain calm as they navigated through the labyrinthine structure. They mapped their route, moving from staircase to staircase, corridor to corridor.
"We're blocked here."
"Let's turn back. This corridor is completely blocked."
"We might need to go down two floors and try again."
Clatter!
The bone summons, released by Yi-Han to help find ways, hurried towards them from a distance. "Is there a way?" Yi-Han asked.
Clatter, clatter!
The bone summons communicated vigorously, indicating there was no path. Yi-Han clicked his tongue in frustration. Despite their efforts, including the bone summon's assistance, progress was slow.
The punishment room was like an ant's nest, its layout bewildering. It was impossible to tell which staircase led upwards; some ended in dead-end punishment rooms, others circled back down, and some just led in endless circles.
As they walked, Yi-Han couldn't help but think of the skull principal. It felt like his handiwork, though it might just have been his imagination.
"Back to that corridor... No, wait. What have you brought?"
Yi-Han was taken aback. In their haste, he hadn't noticed that the bone summon, previously only consisting of a hand, had significantly increased in size.
What had it brought...?!
Clash!
The bones collided and rolled, eventually assembling correctly. Broad rib bones, a long tailbone, and the bones of hind legs.
It lacked a skull and one foot, but Yi-Han recognized the form. It was a leopard.
'A leopard's bones?'
He had always assumed it was human...
Reflecting on it, it seemed unlikely that even the least popular professor of dark magic would give a freshman human hand bones.
'I'm ashamed to have thought they were human hand bones.'
The bone summons, now a leopard bone summon, stamped its feet confidently. Its increased size seemed to have boosted its confidence. However, its missing skull and arm made this confidence appear somewhat grotesque.
"Did Professor Mortum hide these bones in a corner of the punishment room?"
"Yes."
Yi-Han nodded but couldn't help feeling a sense of self-reproach. Yonaire looked at him with worried eyes, silently questioning:
-Is it really okay to keep learning dark magic under that professor?-
"...It should be fine. Probably."
Yi-Han turned his attention back to the leopard bone summon. Now larger, it should be quicker.
"Check all the paths in that direction. Got it?"
"That way is a dead end."
"!!"
Yi-Han and Yonaire looked around in surprise, startled by the sudden voice.
"It's this way. This way."
From inside a room, there was a knocking sound.
To their astonishment, a student was inside one of the solitary cells off the corridor.
"Why are you wandering around the punishment room without knowing the way?"
"There's a long story behind it. Why are you here in the punishment room?"
"I have my own long story. What grade are you?"
"I just joined this year."
"..."
Suddenly, silence returned to the room. Yi-Han was puzzled.
What's happening?
"Aren't you the freshman who was brought to the punishment room before? The one who tried to escape through the underground passage and got caught?"
"Then are you the senior who got caught trying to rob the principal's secret warehouse? What did you do this time?"
Yi-Han was astonished.
To think that the fellow inmate from that punishment room was here.
"Can't you keep your voice down? Is that something to brag about?"
"What's there to be ashamed of? I ended up here while trying to rob the professor's warehouse too."
"..."
The student in the solitary cell was at a loss for words.
It was beyond imagination how a mere freshman, who had previously escaped through the underground passage, now found himself in the punishment room after attempting to rob the professor's warehouse. Next, he might even try to fly out of the academy.
Yonaire whispered to Yi-Han, "Who is that?"
"A senior who was in the cell next to me last time. He likes to be treated casually."
"It's not about liking to be treated casually... Never mind. What are you doing in the corridor?"
"Trying to find a way to escape."
"...I'm not even surprised anymore. Did you find a way?"
Yi-Han couldn't respond. The student in the cell chuckled as if he had expected that.
"It won't be easy. The way up from here is usually complicated."
"Senior, how about you come with us if we unlock this?"
The student burst into laughter at Yi-Han's suggestion.
"How naive! You say that because you've never escaped from the inside. Do you even know what happens when you open this door?"
"A lightning spirit?"
"...How do you know that??"
The student stuttered in confusion.
"We met it on our way up."
"..."
The student swayed, overwhelmed by the thought of how they could have possibly evaded it.
"You... How did you... Never mind. Sorry, but I have no intention of escaping."
"Why not?"
"I'll be released in six hours."
"..."
Yi-Han found the reasoning indisputable.
"Then, could you at least give us some advice on finding the way out?"
The student's response was similar to before, tinged with mockery.
"Why should I help you?"
"...We're doomed."
"What??"
"Last time, I lured him with food, but this time we don't have anything."
Yi-Han looked at Yonaire with a disappointed expression.
"Lure! What do you take me for!"
The student in the cell flared up upon hearing their conversation.
His teachings, meant to guide his juniors, now seemed like mere hunger-induced compliance.
Clatter, clatter!
While they were talking, the leopard bone summon nudged Yi-Han, urging him to give the next command.
"Wait a mi—"
"Hold on."
The student in the cell spoke up.
"Is that a bone summon?"
"Yes."
"Are you learning dark magic under Professor Mortum?"
"Yes...?"
"..."
An awkward and heavy silence fell.
A moment later, a piece of paper slid under the door.
It was a hastily drawn map, showing a simple route out of the place.
"...Take it. Good luck."
"..."
Yi-Han, with the map in hand, felt no joy. A foreboding sense of the future loomed over him.
'We're late!'
Yi-Han clenched his teeth.
Far down the corridor, he saw the professor stepping out of the lecture room.
They had rushed, yet they were still late.
The professor wasn't known for checking attendance, but given his strict nature, approaching him with 'I'm late, professor, but I've completed the assignment' would likely elicit a response like 'How can a student who can't manage time submit an assignment?'
Yonaire exhaled heavily, her expression filled with despair. She was breathless from the hurried dash to their current location.
"Yi-Han... No. No. No."
Yonaire, about to call out to Yi-Han, quickly grabbed his arm.
Yi-Han had drawn his staff and was aiming it at the professor's back.
"That's not right!"
"What isn't?"
"Attacking the professor is dangerous!"
"I'm not trying to attack him. I'm aiming for that."
Yi-Han pointed to a pile of assignments floating beside the professor.
It was a collection of assignments gathered from the students during this lecture.
"I'm going to slip it in there."
"...Is that even possible?"
"Yes."
Yi-Han spoke firmly and raised his staff.
The numerous hardships he had endured at the hands of Professor Boladi might have been leading up to this moment. Adversity strengthens a mage.
In that moment, Yi-Han fully embraced the teachings of the magic academy, internalizing them completely.



Chapter 89
"Move."
The more inexperienced and unskilled the mage, the more flamboyantly they waved their wands and loudly chanted his spells. The lack of confidence necessitated stronger actions to materialize their mental image.
In that regard, Yi-Han barely waved his wand and his voice was a whisper. Unbeknownst to him, this was the evident result of Professor Boladi's rigorous training.
Yonaire was astonished at the sight of the assignments naturally flying. Like paper birds, Yi-Han and Yonaire's thick assignments smoothly cut through the air, approaching the professor's pile of assignments. It was mesmerizing, a magic far superior to the rigid and jerky &lt;Lesser Control&gt; spells Yonaire had seen before.
‘Focus,’ Yi-Han reminded himself.
It was more than just inserting the assignments into the pile; he had to remain undetected by the professor.
-Concentrate.-
As if Professor Boladi's voice whispered in his ear.
"Inserting a paper should be simple," The voice grew clearer.
"But what about the barrier?"
"You can penetrate it. You've learned this, right?" The voice was almost burdensome in its clarity.
This was not...
...a voice in his head.
Trembling with fear, Yi-Han turned his gaze. Behind him, two professors stared intently.
Yonaire was so tense she could hardly breathe.
"Why are you looking away? Concentrate," Professor Boladi said coldly.
Instinctively, Yi-Han turned back. A professor he hadn't seen before, standing beside Boladi, suggested, "Maybe you should just give up and step back..."
"Ignore that. You can do it. Remember what you learned."
Yi-Han recalled the misfortunes of the week. Was it a curse? Running into professors just like that, and of all people, Professor Boladi...
He wondered if he should search for a potion of luck.
"It's not that. The barrier is more complex than you think."
"You can do it. Go on."
"Professors, could you please unify your advice...?" Yonaire interjected, but the professors ignored her.
Boladi insisted he could do it, while the unfamiliar professor advised retreat.
Despite the madness of the situation, Yi-Han realized something crucial.
‘A barrier, indeed.’
He had expected magic on the floating assignment pile, but not a barrier. The unfamiliar professor explained, "That barrier creates a loud noise if touched. It may be hard for you to sense, but there are invisible layers of mana rotating around that pile of papers."
Hearing this, Yi-Han focused to sense the mana. Despite the overwhelming mana emanating from him, his talent was not limited to sheer mana. His exceptional resilience, unwavering strategic mind in crises, a presence that even intimidated spirits, and especially his ability to detect mana, were unparalleled.
‘It's visible!’
As he concentrated, Yi-Han could indeed feel the bands of mana slowly rotating around the pile of papers.
"At your current level, it's almost impossible to approach without touching the mana bands. So, don't be swayed by Professor Bagrak's words and make a rash attempt. Wait for the next opportunity. As you know, Professor Bagrak doesn't really consider the students' perspectives."
‘That's true,’ Yi-Han agreed internally, but outwardly he said something different.
"No, Professor. You always consider the students."
"Is that so?" Professor Boladi took Yi-Han's words at face value. If Yi-Han had agreed, Boladi might have thought, 'Ah, I don't really consider the students.' But Yi-Han's response led Boladi to believe his teaching method was indeed student-oriented. No other possibility seemed apparent.
"Really? Your student is really kind."
"That's illogical. Wardanaz. Do it. He's walking over there."
"No, don't...!"
Professor Boladi urged, while the unfamiliar professor dissuaded.
And then Yi-Han moved.
With a swift motion, the thick assignment smoothly flew, navigating through the moving mana bands. If there had been even a slight misstep, the bands would have torn and created a loud noise.
Without hesitation, Yi-Han sent the next assignment flying. Yonaire's assignment also landed precisely on the pile.
Unknowingly, Yonaire clapped her hands. Professor Boladi faintly nodded his head.
"That's impossible! How?"
"Because I've learned it."
"Yes, thanks to your guidance, Professor."
Yi-Han spoke without revealing his emotions. The unfamiliar professor was even more amazed.
"Such an excessively talented student! Pleased to meet you. You must be Wardanaz, right? I'm Professor Kirmin Ku. Normally, we would shake hands, but I don't recommend it due to my species' circumstances."
Professor Kirmin was the polar opposite of Boladi – cheerful, with a bouncy voice, and dressed impeccably without a wrinkle in his attire. It was surprising to see him converse so amiably with Boladi.
"What field do you teach, Professor?"
"I specialize in illusion magic, particularly in barriers. You just saw, didn't you?"
Yi-Han's face lit up.
Previously, when hearing him speak, Yi-Han had wondered if he might be an expert in barrier magic.
"I'll be entering Professor Garcia's classroom at least once this semester. I need to teach the students how fun and enjoyable illusion magic can be."
"Illusion magic is useless."
Yi-Han was shocked at Boladi's dismissal of another professor's field.
Could this lead to a duel?
But Professor Kirmin simply ignored Boladi's comment.
"Deceiving a mage above a certain level with illusion magic is several times harder than other types of magic."
"Yes, you've said that a hundred times. But the mages you're talking about, 'above a certain level,' are rare in this vast empire. So, Wardanaz, why did you try to put those papers there?"
Yi-Han pondered for a second.
He weighed the professors' moods, contemplated whether a lie would work, and made his best judgment.
'It's better to be honest.'
"I was late submitting the assignment?"
Yonaire blushed with embarrassment. Professor Kirmin seemed taken aback by such an unexpected reason.
'All this for being slightly late with an assignment?'
"I'm sorry, Professor."
Yi-Han first apologized to Professor Boladi. However, as expected, Boladi didn't seem concerned.
"Why?"
"For being late with the assignment?"
"Was it an assignment I gave?"
'I knew he would say that.'
"I see."
Professor Kirmin watched the professor-student duo with a sense of odd fascination. It had been a long time since he had seen anyone get along with Boladi so well. Whether a professor or a student, a few minutes of conversation would typically result in remarks like 'I hope the sun rises above your head, you damned vampire,' followed by a swift exit.
"So, what was the lecture about?"
“&lt;Basic Imperial Geometry and Arithmetic&gt;.”
"Professor Alpen Knighton?"
Yi-Han tensed up at Kirmin mentioning the name, aware that in the face of professors' friendships, a student's promise meant little.
"Well done. You did well. Honestly, that professor's assignments aren't worth bothering with."
"???"
Kirmin surprisingly praised Yi-Han, and even Boladi rarely added a comment.
"Alpen Knighton is a mage who worked as a senior administrative officer in the empire. He's more skilled in handling power than magic."
"Did you know that scoundrel cut my research budget in half back in the day?"
The two professors gnashed their teeth, cursing the professor of &lt;Basic Imperial Geometry and Arithmetic&gt;. Yi-Han sighed in relief at their familiar behavior.
Not all professors were on good terms. Especially pure magic researchers did not look favorably upon mages who took high positions in the empire and were actively involved in governance. The reasons ranged from 'purity of magic' to 'temptations and corruptions of secular life,' but Yi-Han suspected it was more about the latter having control over the former's research budget. Even a mage capable of shattering the heavens and splitting the earth needed a budget for research.
In that context, mages who worked in high imperial positions and oversaw research budgets were enemies to all other mages.
-"My instincts tell me! This dungeon must be excavated, even if it takes the entire budget of the territory. Call all the adventurers nearby..."-
-"Didn't you say the same thing last time? This proposal is canceled."-
-"I'll kill you! Watch your back at night!"-
-"You'll have to wait in line to target my night walks. There are thirty-three others waiting."-
Such dignified conversations were an annual affair.
However, Yi-Han's thoughts didn't change despite the professors' conversation. Rather...
'Was he a senior administrative officer of the empire?'
The fact that the other was a high-ranking imperial official made Yi-Han's eyes sparkle.
What did that mean?
It meant having powerful connections in the imperial bureaucracy.
And topping Yi-Han's list of goals was precisely the imperial bureaucracy.
Suddenly, Yi-Han felt his grudge against Professor Knighton melt away like snow. Even the burdensome amount of assignments seemed like the responsibility of a high official bearing the weight of the empire.
'I need to make a better impression from now on.'
"Wardanaz. I hear you are exceptionally talented. Be careful. Don't get dragged into imperial bureaucracy. If you're too outstanding, they'll send various temptations your way."
Boladi, uncharacteristically frowning, spoke at length.
"Stop joking now, Ku. Wardanaz won't walk such a trivial anti-magic path."
"Right, what was I thinking. Coming from the Wardanaz family. Becoming an imperial bureaucrat? Unlikely, right?"
"..."
Yi-Han felt cold sweat trickling down his back for the first time in a long while.
After receiving an invitation from Professor Kirmin Ku to attend the next illusion magic class (Kirmin had even recommended learning illusion magic seriously, ignoring Boladi's interruptions), Yi-Han headed with Yonaire to meet their friends at the Tower of the Blue Dragon.
From the exchanged glances outside the classroom earlier, it seemed evident that everyone had returned safely.
'That's a relief.'
Now to receive the ingredients for the potion...
"Everyone worked hard yesterd..."
"Wardanaz! Gainando has been kidnapped!"
"!"
The students of the Blue Dragon, gathered in front of the tower, rushed to Yi-Han as soon as they saw him.
They all looked disheveled, as if they had just been in a fight.
Yi-Han, startled, asked, "By whom? Don't tell me it was those guys from the White Tiger?"
"No! By a released summon!"
Yi-Han was about to feel relieved, but then he hesitated.
On second thought, it was not a situation to be relieved about at all.



Chapter 90
"Everyone, gather around! Dolgyu has been captured!"
The surroundings fell silent with confusion.
It appeared that not only Gainando had been captured. Yi-Han turned his head towards the noise nearby.
In a courtyard a little distance away, the students of the White Tiger were in disarray, frantically trying to regroup.
"Has a student from the White Tiger been captured too? Could it be that those guys deliberately threw Gainando to it?"
Yi Han asked, wondering if that might be the case.
He thought that perhaps the angry White Tiger students had seized Gainando in retaliation for Dolgyu's capture.
"No, Gainando just tripped over his own feet and fell."
"...I see."
While Yi-Han and Yonaire were being lectured by two professors about how 'real mages don't go into bureaucracy but pursue graduate studies', the students who had just finished the lecture on &lt;Basic Imperial Geometry and Arithmetic&gt; hurried out of the classroom.
The lecture had been so suffocating that they rushed outside to breathe fresh air as soon as it ended.
-"Snap out of it! You can't collapse now! There's another lecture to attend!"-
-"I... just leave me here... I need to sleep..."-
Students close to collapsing weren't only in the Blue Dragon; this had been a torturous lecture for every tower's students.
-"But are Wardanaz and Maykin really okay? What if the professor notices?"-
-"We could put a monster in our place and the professor would not even realize it."-
-"True..."-
-"It's no joke; it's serious. I think if I attend this lecture a few more times, I might fall into an eternal sleep."-
-"How are we supposed to handle the midterms with this much workload? Would it be okay to submit a blank paper? What if we're dragged to the punishment room..."-
-"To be honest, during the class, I thought about setting a fire."-
-"Me too. I wished that some summoned creatures would appear and free us."-
Bang!
As if responding to the students' words, or perhaps just due to the noise, a summoned creature really did appear from the bushes.
Several students screamed in alarm when they saw the vine monster, which they had encountered before.
-"Everyone, run!"-
-"Head into the building!"-
-"Someone call the professor!"-
-"No! The professor won't be of any help! Run while you can!"-
While some students managed to escape quickly, others, like Gainando, tripped over their own feet.
The vine monster didn't bother chasing the fleeing students. Instead, it leisurely tied up a few fallen students with its vines and then happily left with its captives.
"...Wait a minute. Did Dolgyu also fall? He's not the type to trip."
"That orc friend from the White Tiger tried to save Gainando and got captured too."
Yi-Han felt a pang of guilt for Dolgyu. To think he was captured while trying to help a friend like Gainando...
A student from the White Tiger burst out of the main building, gasping for breath.
"What happened?! What about the professors?"
"They said to handle it ourselves..."
The students, not only from the White Tiger but from other towers as well, were lost for words at the absurd response brought back by the student who had gone to seek help.
"Isn't this too much?"
However, Yi-Han remained calm.
'They should have chosen the professor more carefully. They acted too hastily.'
It wasn't right to just grab any professor and beg for help. They should have sought a relatively friendly and somewhat gullible professor...
'Wait. There are no conscientious professors.'
...They should have sought a professor who was relatively friendly and had some semblance of gullibility left.
Perhaps the White Tiger student had desperately asked anyone for help in their haste.
"What should we do? Wardanaz? What's the best course of action?"
The students of the Blue Dragon looked desperately at Yi-Han, as if he had all the answers.
Was it time to pursue, or to find another way?
It was an agonizing choice for them to make.
"Let's pursue. The professors' whereabouts are unknown, and if we lose the trail, it will become a hassle to find it."
The trail left by the summoning creature was clearly marked ahead, and the distance was not too great. However, the longer they waited, the more difficult the chase would become.
Yi-Han had one more thing he trusted in.
"Ferkuntra!"
As Yi-Han called the name, the dormant fragment of Ferkuntra inside him resonated in response.
Now, the contract-bearer was summoning the spirit with rightful authority.
"Sing the song of thunder, O Spirit! The bell ringer guarding the ruined kingdom's bell tower and the lookout on the small boat wandering the blue sea both fear your name. The one who has contracted with you calls upon you with rightful credentials!"
Upon seeing Yi-Han recite the incantation, the princess was taken aback.
Being the quickest to summon a spirit here, she could guess which spirit Yi-Han was summoning.
The incantation used to summon a spirit revealed the dignity and stature of the spirit.
Such a long and complex incantation surely meant...
Crackle!
Lightning blossomed where Yi-Han's staff touched the ground, and the spirit began to take form.
‘The Spirit of Lightning!’
Rowena, the knight standing beside the princess, was even more surprised than her.
It was one thing for Yi-Han to contract with a spirit more powerful than the princess's. After all, Wardanaz was a mage of monstrous, unbelievable talent.
But the Spirit of Lightning was among the most ferocious and wild of spirits.
And to be summoned with such an extensive incantation meant it was certainly not weak.
'How? By what means did he contract with it?'
"Appear!"
With Yi-Han's call, a manifestation of Ferkuntra appeared.
A fist-sized orb of lightning crackled into existence.
The students were startled by this sight.
Huh?
"???"
"...Ah! Right! The strength of a spirit isn't related to its size!"
They remembered hearing about a rabbit-shaped spirit called by Uregor, which was incredibly powerful.
This spirit, despite its ordinary appearance, must be hiding extraordinary power.
Otherwise, it wouldn't make sense for Wardanaz to have gone through such trouble to summon it.
Wardanaz wouldn't make such a mistake!
The students nodded in understanding, but Yi-Han thought differently.
This was too different from the Ferkuntra he first met.
Even if it was just a fragment...?
‘What's this? Isn't this just a part of you?’
‘Have you forgotten that I am currently trapped at your command...!’
Ferkuntra telepathically shouted to Yi-Han in frustration.
Of course, Ferkuntra had told Yi-Han, 'Don't forget to summon me when you're outside! My powers are not limited to this!'
But that was supposed to happen days later.
Currently, Ferkuntra was under Yi-Han's order to 'stay trapped here for a while' as a condition for leaving the punishment room.
It shouldn't have been possible to summon it so freely while that order was still in effect.
Being a powerful spirit, Ferkuntra was barely able to manifest a fraction of itself outside, but normally, it shouldn't be summonable until the order was completed.
Ferkuntra explained the situation, but Yi-Han's gaze was cold.
‘Are you saying you can't trust me now...?!’
‘It's not that I don't trust you, but if there's always some reason you can't help when needed, what should I rely on to call upon you?’
Ferkuntra found itself missing the old days of ancient mages.
Arrogant, foul-tempered, and illogical, those brutes blustered and bullied without reason. Yet, such fools could be fiercely countered and burnt to death by the likes of Ferkuntra.
However, this young mage spoke annoyingly yet with a composed demeanor, making it difficult to argue against him.
‘Do not worry. Though I'm not sure why you summoned me, I have enough power to handle this. Just watch and see!’
‘Really?’
‘I can feel your emotions!... No. Don't you even think? Let's respect each other's privacy.’
Yi-Han hurriedly followed the trail with the students of the Blue Dragon.
Ahead, students of the White Tiger were also chasing, running swiftly.
"These kids! Stop following us!"
"That's our line! You buzz off!"
"Can't even cast magic properly... huff, puff."
The outcome of this chase seemed almost predetermined.
The White Tiger students, trained in swordsmanship and physical conditioning, were a challenge too great for the Blue Dragon students to keep pace with.
Yi-Han looked at his friends with a pitiful gaze.
"Why didn't you exercise more regularly?"
"They... they have absurd physical strength... huff, puff."
"I'll go ahead. Follow as much as you can."
"No! Wardanaz! Cough... If you go alone, the White Tiger guys will..."
‘It doesn't seem likely.’
‘I don't think that will happen…’
Friends like Rowena and Asan, who knew Yi-Han well, thought this to themselves.
For any other student, facing the White Tiger alone would be perilous, but Yi-Han was different.
Wouldn't it be the White Tiger students who were in danger if left alone with him?
"It's okay. Follow when you're recovered."
‘Why are you so physically fit?’
Ferkuntra, watching Yi-Han sprint, was puzzled.
He didn't seem to be from a knight's family, so why...?
But before it could get an answer, Ferkuntra urgently shouted.
‘Enemy! The enemy is hiding!’
"I hide in the night!"
Yi-Han instinctively recited a spell, but no attack came.
‘Where is it hiding? There's nowhere nearby!’
There were no large bushes or hiding spots nearby. To find any cover, one had to run towards the mountains.
‘Below!’
"!"
Yi-Han immediately leaped into action.
If the enemy was hiding underground, it would likely detect Yi-Han through sound and vibrations, even if he used invisibility.
However, the vine monster didn't target Yi-Han. It sprang from the ground, grabbing a White Tiger student.
"Anglago! No!"
A satyr was swiftly entangled and lifted by the vines.
‘How was it hiding?’
‘It must be some needless ability granted by the mages. Normally, this monster doesn't have the power to blend into the ground!’
'This school isn't just about the professors causing trouble, but the seniors as well.'
Yi-Han gripped his staff and focused on the vine monster.
The captured White Tiger student slumped, seemingly drained of strength.
‘The creature absorbs mana. Be careful not to let it drain you... Though you could afford to lose some, still be careful! Getting caught would be troublesome!’
‘I had no intention of doing so.’
Yi-Han was not foolish enough to be caught by a vine because of his high mana. He swung his staff, summoning flames.
"Blaz..."
‘No! Absolutely not!’
Ferkuntra, traumatized by Yi-Han's flames, desperately protested.
It couldn't allow Yi-Han to use fire magic until it was certain it was safe.
‘You mean it's not allowed?’
‘It's dangerous! You could burn the other students to death!’
‘It’s not for attack, just to prevent it from approaching…’
‘Still, it's too risky! No!!’
‘Is it that serious?’
Yi-Han was puzzled.
He thought it would be safe enough to just float fireballs nearby to block the creature's approach...
‘Normally, I could subdue it in one go, but right now, I lack the strength.’
Yi-Han looked at Ferkuntra with a gaze mixed with betrayal.
It had said earlier that it had enough power!
Ferkuntra hastily continued.
‘But I'll teach you magic! You'll use it in my stead.’
‘Why can't you just use it directly? I'm worried about using it right after learning…’



Chapter 91
‘Believe in yourself!’ Ferkuntra exclaimed, a sentiment it would normally never express, feeling quite embarrassed by its own words.
He was always an annoyingly persistent fellow.
While other mages, lacking ability, would arrogantly say things like, "I think I can do it! Why do you say I can't, spirit? Just watch me! I won't die!" and then fail, Yi-Han, despite his competence, would respond with, "I don't think it's possible," "Why are you so reckless?" or "Are you saying it's not your problem?"
There was humility, and then there was excessive modesty...
‘Confidence in oneself comes from objective analysis of the situation, not just from a few words of encouragement.’
‘Now, concentrate and do as I say!’
Ferkuntra, ignoring Yi-Han's words, continued with its own agenda. It had realized that getting involved would only frustrate itself.
‘Imagine the image of lightning as you have with other elements.’
This was the basic principle of elemental magic.
The process involved vividly imagining the element and manifesting it in one's mind, altering one's mana to match that of the element. This was considered a fundamental practice.
However, the lightning attribute was a bit different.
‘Don't imagine lightning striking down from the sky!’
"!"
The image most mages found easiest to conjure was exactly that – a bolt of lightning flashing down from the sky.
But when transforming one's mana to the lightning attribute, conjuring such a bolt was dangerous.
A mage had to maintain and control a certain amount of mana in one place, but the image of a lightning bolt was inherently contrary to such control.
Flames, still water, or frozen ice could all remain in one place.
But lightning was intrinsically fleeting, destined to scatter in all directions after striking down from the sky.
If a young mage rashly imagined a bolt of lightning while transforming their mana to the lightning attribute, they might lose control, causing lightning to wildly discharge in all directions.
Ferkuntra, having nearly died in the underground punishment room due to carelessly meddling with Yi-Han's fire magic, was particularly cautious about safety.
Given the young mage's mana, even a single mishap could lead to a major disaster.
‘Of course, you might think how can one envision the form of lightning without thinking of a bolt. But numerous mages who have handled the lightning attribute have overcome this limitation and succeeded! You, too, will eventually become accustomed to it. A true mage accepts reality not to settle but to alter it to their will! Now, lend me your arm.’
Ferkuntra was not a foolish spirit spouting reckless ideas without any method, as Yi-Han might have thought.
It acknowledged Yi-Han's exceptional talent, but for a young mage to handle the lightning attribute without any practice was indeed a difficult task.
It had a plan.
Just like in the punishment room, it intended to inhabit Yi-Han's arm and assist in controlling the lightning.
Although it had lost most of its power upon being summoned, it was still capable of that much.
But then...
Crackle!
‘Done. Shall I lend you my arm now?’
‘...’
Ferkuntra was astonished by the sphere of lightning formed over Yi-Han's staff.
Remarkably, this young mage had completed the elemental transformation and succeeded in maintaining the lightning attribute's magic in one place, even before Ferkuntra could intervene.
'How on earth did he do that???'
Contrary to Ferkuntra's astonishment, Yi-Han did not find handling the lightning attribute particularly challenging.
From the start, Yi-Han's way of thinking was different from other mages.
He approached the problem very simply.
The inability to conjure the image of a bolt of lightning was not an issue for him at all.
He just had to imagine a sphere of magic on his staff, treating it like a battery.
To Yi-Han, this was an obvious approach!
Imagining electricity charging up inside the sphere was not a difficult task for him.
Perhaps because this method was well-suited, he succeeded immediately.
In fact, he even felt it was more stable than handling other elements...
'It's easier than I was told. Such a fuss over nothing.'
Yi-Han entertained a rather impolite thought.
Reflecting on it, Ferkuntra had been quite over-the-top since their meeting in the punishment room.
The same was true with his handling of fire...
‘You... seem to have quite a talent for lightning!’
‘Do you think so?’
Yi-Han responded indifferently.
Having heard similar praises about his affinity for various attributes, he had started to become skeptical.
Was it just a polite compliment?
It was common to boost young mages' confidence by saying, 'You have a talent for this attribute!'
And Yi-Han's indifference was not lost on Ferkuntra.
Ferkuntra was flabbergasted.
Praise from a spirit of Ferkuntra's stature was a rare occurrence.
‘Do my words sound false to you?! You truly have talent!’
‘Yes... Well, that could be true.’
Yi-Han thought perhaps his talent for lightning stemmed from frequently cramming for exams, or maybe lightning attribute magic was not as difficult as he had thought.
Most likely the latter...
‘But when will you take over my arm?’
Yi-Han asked, puzzled.
Ferkuntra had asked to use his arm but had since been idly standing by.
Was there some problem?
‘Wait. I'm about to inhabit it!’
Yi-Han wondered if the spirit has forgetfulness along with mood swings.
If a capable spirit like Ferkuntra also suffered from forgetfulness, it would be a concern when summoning it.
While Yi-Han pondered this, Ferkuntra inhabited his arm.
‘Now, concentrate on the spell I'm about to transmit.’
Ferkuntra intended to pass on his magic to Yi-Han.
The magic of spirits was wild and capricious, but with the mighty Ferkuntra controlling his arm, even a fledgling mage could use it.
&lt;Ferkuntra's Lesser Thunderbolt&gt;.
It was a 2nd circle magic spell that Ferkuntra was now about to teach Yi-Han.
The principle was simple.
Convert the mana into lightning and then launch it!
No need to shape it into sharp arrows or spears, or add other complex attributes.
Lightning was sufficient on its own.
‘Is this enough for that large target? Won't it just provoke it?’
‘Just listen to a spirit older than you for once! Stop talking back!’
Ferkuntra half-pleaded, half-shouted.
It was good that he wasn't arrogant, but his extreme humility was almost burning it up inside.
Yi-Han was not easily convinced. Ferkuntra realized that to make this stubborn contractor comply, logical and rational persuasion was the only way.
‘Listen well. Lightning is the most destructive and wild among all elements.’
'Coming from the spirit of lightning, that somehow sounds different.'
‘The other elements are not as straightforward to use for attacks.’
Yi-Han agreed with this.
To use water elemental magic effectively for attack, several additions were necessary.
Not only did the attribute of 'water' require additional elements like 'sphere' or 'spear,' but it also needed the addition of 'control.'
‘But lightning is different. It possesses powerful destructive force on its own.’
‘But what about fire…’
‘There's no need to shape it! No need for complex aiming either! Because as long as it hits, that's all that matters!’
Ferkuntra interrupted Yi-Han's words to continue with its own.
‘That summoned creature was originally a common plant monster, but it became complex in nature due to students fusing it with various other monsters. However, this made it more susceptible to lightning. Think about it. Your current goal is to rescue the students it has captured, not to kill it, right?’
‘That's true.’
‘Then this lesser thunderbolt is enough! The moment it's struck anywhere, the creature will release all the students it's holding. The power of lightning makes the enemy shrink back! It won't want to keep fighting you. Having fed on enough mana, it'll flee when attacked!’
'That's a convincing argument.'
Yi-Han was persuaded by Ferkuntra's logic. The age-old spirit was not to be underestimated.
&lt;Ferkuntra's Lesser Thunderbolt&gt; was similar to &lt;Lesser Paralysis Curse&gt; that Yi-Han knew.
It involved only transforming the mana into the attribute and launching it. It had the power to paralyze the opponent.
The difference was that &lt;Ferkuntra's Lesser Thunderbolt&gt; caused more physical damage and, unlike an easily dodged or blocked curse, it gave no opportunity for escape.
It was highly effective in the current situation.
‘Understood. I'll cast it now!’
‘Finally! That took forever!’
Ignoring Ferkuntra's comment, Yi-Han swung his staff and recited the spell.
"Strike down, Ferkuntra's Thunderbolt!"
"Well done..."
As Ferkuntra watched the successfully launched lightning magic, it was about to praise Yi-Han.
But then it belatedly realized something odd.
The mana of the lightning attribute concentrated in the sphere was far more than it had expected.
'...???????!!!'
During the short time Ferkuntra had been having a needless conversation with Yi-Han, Yi-Han had unconsciously gathered more mana.
'No, this can't be!'
While students from the Blue Dragon and White Tiger chased after the vine monster, students from the Immortal Phoenix and Black Tortoise acted more wisely.
They set off to find Professor Garcia.
"Professor! Over here!!"
Fortunately, the students found Professor Garcia walking by.
The skull principal was also floating by, and Professor Boladi was there too, but the students didn't even speak to them.
"Hurry! It's urgent!"
"Everyone, stay calm."
Professor Garcia swung his staff, and the shouting students instantly calmed down.
The ground trembled, smoothly propelling Professor Garcia forward. Together with the students, they rushed like a whirlwind.
"Is this the right way?"
"Yes! Yes!"
Fortunately, the trail left by the vine monster had not yet disappeared.
Professor Garcia spotted the vine monster fighting in the distance.
Students from the White Tiger were surrounding it, swinging swords, but their efforts seemed ineffective. Instead, more students were being captured.
Professor Garcia raised his staff, planning to immobilize the vine monster with a spell.
At that moment, a thick bolt of lightning shot through the air.
Crackle!
The lightning bolt shot forth and struck the vine monster's body directly. Despite the distance, Professor Garcia could feel the strong mana within the bolt; it was so intense that it made his hair stand on end.
"■■■■■■..."
The vine monster didn't just get electrocuted; it was completely charred black. The students it had captured began to fall one by one.
Professor Garcia quickly swung his staff, ensuring the falling students landed safely.
"Are you alright?!"
"Uhhhh..."
Seeing the students trembling, Professor Garcia worried for a moment that their mana had been absorbed too much beyond their limits.
Since the vine monster was a creature that absorbed mana, it posed a significant risk of internal injuries to the young mages if they were caught by it.
Priestess Tijiling, who had called for Professor Garcia, looked at her friends with a very worried expression.
Would they be alright?
"Thank goodness!"
A relieved voice escaped Professor Garcia's lips, and Tijiling also felt reassured.
Fortunately, they seemed to be okay.
"Is everyone unharmed?"
"Yes. We're all fine. Just a bit electrocuted by the lightning."
"...?"
Tijiling was taken aback.
Was that really okay?



Chapter 92
'Isn't that not okay?'
While Tijiling was pondering this, Professor Garcia kindly answered.
"As long as the magic is okay, it's fine. Everything can be recovered."
"Ah... Yes..."
Unaware that Tijiling had stealthily stepped back, Professor Garcia smiled innocently.
"It's really fortunate. Being struck by lightning is okay, but if the inner magic inside is harmed..."
"Yes..."
"Oh, Tijiling. It's okay to come closer. Everyone is safe."
"Is everyone okay?!"
Yi-Han dispelled his invisibility and rushed over in a panic.
The moment he cast the lightning magic, Ferkuntra's emotions were transmitted to Yi-Han.
Just as Yi-Han could read Ferkuntra's emotions, Ferkuntra could read Yi-Han's.
-We're doomed!-
It was a brief and simple emotion, but at the moment the lightning spell exploded, Yi-Han knew something was wrong.
This senile spirit Ferkuntra had cast the spell too powerfully, almost burning everything with his inability to control his strength!
Yi-Han did not consider that his own mana was overflowing.
After all, it was Ferkuntra who had settled in his arm and helped with the spell; it was surely Ferkuntra's fault, not anyone else's.
And it wasn't entirely wrong to think so.
Fortunately, Professor Garcia arrived late. Seeing him safely receive the students, Yi-Han felt relieved.
'Indeed, the only conscience...!'
Seeing Yi-Han rushing hurriedly, Professor Garcia smiled kindly.
So it was Yi-Han who had used such magic.
"Everyone is okay."
"That's a relief!"
"Although a bit electrocuted by the lightning."
"...?"
Yi-Han showed a similar reaction to Tijiling. Both students displayed the same startled reaction, but Professor Garcia remained unshaken.
A true educator must answer the same question repeatedly with the same response.
"It’s okay as long as the inner mana is okay. It can be recovered."
"...Ah... Yes."
Like Tijiling had done earlier, Yi-Han stepped back a step. Tijiling, already a step back, nodded in agreement.
Welcome!
"G-g-gulp..."
"K-k-kerr..."
The students, who had been caught, looked disheveled, having their mana absorbed and then electrocuted.
Seeing several students from the White Tiger trembling from the lightning's effect on their muscles, Yi-Han sighed.
'Damn. Even if I save them, I'll get scolded.'
Yi-Han thought he would have scolded himself too.
-I saved you all.-
-T-thank you... Wait a minute. If you had the power to defeat the vine monster, why did you electrocute us too?-
-The famous spirit helping me was too dumb to control its power.-
-You expect us to believe that!?-
Yi-Han thought it would sound like nonsense to say he had the power to defeat the vine monster but couldn't control his strength.
"Come on. Let's all stand up."
Professor Garcia waved his staff, relaxing the students' tensed muscles and replenishing their lost mana.
Yi-Han, watching from behind, was amazed anew.
'Does Professor Garcia also know how to use healing magic?'
Considering the magic spells he had seen from Professor Garcia before, the variety of magic spells he used was indeed vast.
While most professors focused only on their area of expertise, Professor Garcia's range was surprisingly broad.
Why is that?
"Th-thank you, Professor Garcia."
"Thank you very much."
"Give your thanks to Yi-Han here. He bravely defeated the vine monster and saved you all."
"..."
The students from the White Tiger looked at Yi-Han with complex expressions.
Anglago, as the representative, spoke first.
"Thank you, Wardanaz."
"If you're upset..."
Yi-Han was about to retort, 'If you're upset, why did you get caught?' but hesitated.
The response was unexpected.
'Huh?'
He had anticipated an accusation like, 'You nearly got us killed, you wicked evil mage,' but the White Tiger students simply expressed their gratitude.
Yi-Han wondered if they were just being cautious in front of Professor Garcia.
But that wasn't the case.
Anglago looked at Yi-Han with eyes mixed with half resentment and half gratitude.
"...It's really hard to say this, but as a knight, I must properly thank you for the grace I've received. Thank you."
"Does this mean we forget all the grudges we've had so far?"
"Not at all. Don't be mistaken, Wardanaz."
"..."
Yi-Han felt slightly hurt by the cold response.
Shouldn't gratitude be enough to forget that level of grudge?
Of course, there had been quite a lot accumulated...
"But for this matter... I'm truly thankful. Now I somewhat understand why Dolgyu trusts you."
Following Anglago, other White Tiger students also sincerely thanked him.
"Thank you, Wardanaz."
"We might not become friends, but I won't forget the honor you showed this time."
"We might not become friends, but let's cooperate as much as we can in this lake assignment."
Dolgyu, who had just regained some strength after being caught, came up belatedly.
Dolgyu was delighted as if it were his own matter to see his friends thanking Yi-Han.
"See! I told you he's not as bad as Moradi said, right?"
"Hmm... Maybe that's true."
"So, are we ready to forget our grudges and build friendship?"
"That's not happening. Don't cross the line, Dolgyu."
"How can we forget everything that's happened?"
"..."
Dolgyu felt slightly hurt by his friends' cold responses.
He thought the mood was good enough...
"Hey! How could you shoot so powerfully? You did that on purpose because of those White Tiger guys, right?!"
Lastly, the fully recovered Gainando approached, staggering.
To Gainando, it was clear that Yi-Han would never make such a mistake.
It was obvious he had taken this opportunity to give the White Tiger guys a taste of their own medicine.
But why did it have to happen when Gainando himself was caught!
"What nonsensical slander... Prince, apologize."
"Prince Gainando, don't you know the pride and honor of royalty? What kind of rudeness is that to someone who saved you?"
Gainando belatedly realized that the White Tiger students were present.
He felt unjustly accused by the unexpected criticism from the White Tiger students.
Even if one was close to Yi-Han, Gainando was probably much closer, but these guys, who usually ignored Yi-Han's goodwill, were now defending him!
"What do you guys know!"
"We may not have royal blood, but we know honor."
"Apologize, Prince."
Gainando felt wronged but was also slightly pleased to be acknowledged as a prince.
Yi-Han noticed this and was incredulous.
"You're not happy to be called a prince now, are you?"
"...No! But it's true that you guys don't treat me like royalty!"
The students of the Blue Dragon were from such powerful noble families that they didn't need to pay heed to a prince beyond the three-digit range.
But Yi-Han, instead of pointing that out, decided to be considerate of Gainando.
"It's because they all consider you a friend, Gainando."
"That is true..."
Gainando briefly reveled in the sentiment, but the White Tiger students did not wait for him.
"No matter how close, one must maintain decorum. We even thanked Wardanaz."
"Hurry up and apologize, Prince."
The White Tiger students relentlessly pressured Gainando.
Few could withstand the pressure of such resolute knights.
Gainando realized anew how impressively Yi-Han had handled these tough opponents.
"I... I'm sorry. It was wrong of me to criticize after being saved."
"Be more careful in the future."
"Prince. Your honor is shaped by your actions."
The White Tiger students, true to their knighthood, nodded in acknowledgment of the apology and then swiftly departed.
Yi-Han was dumbfounded.
'Did they forget how the three of them tried to gang up on me?'
He wanted to point this out, but the satisfied White Tiger students had already walked away.
Still feeling wronged, Gainando cautiously asked.
"But was it really not intentional?"
"It wasn't intentional."
"Ugh...! I really thought it was deliberate...!"
It truly wasn't intentional.
Though it might have seemed so!
After the cleanup and aftermath were settled, Professor Garcia called for Yi-Han. Worry was evident in his expression.
Yi-Han could guess what was coming.
-Ferkuntra, you need to explain this.-
Without Ferkuntra's explanation, Yi-Han risked being labeled by Professor Garcia as a 'madman who recklessly wields magic without regard for his own safety' – a dangerously wrong impression.
-After all, this is your fault.-
-Alright. I understand.-
Ferkuntra felt just as wronged as Gainando but accepted the responsibility.
It wasn't without fault, after all.
As long as Ferkuntra resided in Yi-Han's arm, it should have ensured that the mana was under control until the end.
But...
-...Wait.-
-?-
-Time's... up…-
Yi-Han felt the fragment of Ferkuntra, which resided in his arm, fading away.
Not just that, Ferkuntra itself was returning to its original place in the punishment room.
Yi-Han was horrified.
-Tell me it's not so.-
-...I'm really sorry. It wasn't intentional.-
-Tell me it's not so! Quickly!-
-The next time I'm summoned, I'll really show my true abilities…-
-You're saying I should summon you again after this disaster!-
Despite being scolded by a novice magician, Ferkuntra had no rebuttal.
There was simply no excuse for this situation!
-Really sorry, but next time…-
Poof!
Ferkuntra disappeared.
Professor Garcia, with a mix of concern and sternness in his eyes, addressed Yi-Han.
"Yi-Han. I couldn't speak earlier due to the commotion, but I think I need to say this. Lightning magic, like fire magic, is a violent and dangerous elemental magic that's hard to control. It's truly remarkable and astonishing that you've learned it on your own, but I'm really worried about you as a student."
"Professor. There's actually a deep story behind this."
Yi-Han detailed the story of Ferkuntra, carefully omitting and adapting parts like raiding Professor Uregor's botanical garden!
But even as he spoke, Yi-Han was worried.
'Will he really believe such an absurd tale?'
"What a stroke of misfortune!"
'He believes it?!'
Surprisingly, Professor Garcia believed him. He truly was a genuine professor.
"I see. After all, I didn't think Yi-Han, who is not a reckless person, would recklessly commit such a reckless act."
'It's sufficiently understood without emphasizing so much...'
"That spirit is a bit..."
"Incompetent and doubtful in ability?"
"No? No. A spirit of that caliber can't be without ability. Probably, the mistakes occurred because Yi-Han is such a unique contractor."
"..."
Yi-Han, who respected Professor Garcia, found it hard to respect these words.
'Too overly kind.'
"Of course, there are malevolent spirits that seek to lead their contractors to ruin, but from what I've heard, this spirit doesn't seem to be one of those. From now on, be careful and, above all, think of your own safety when using magic."
"I understand."
"Was it lightning magic that you used?"
At the familiar voice, both Yi-Han and Professor Garcia turned their heads simultaneously.
Professor Boladi was looking their way, his usually impassive eyes faintly curious.



Chapter 93
"You seem to be under a misconception..."
"The use of lightning magic was indeed correct."
'Damn.'
Professor Boladi, having seen the traces, couldn't have failed to notice.
The professor had completed his assessment of the situation through the traces of the fallen monster and the faint remnants of the lightning spirit lingering on Yi-Han's arm.
"How interesting..."
Professor Boladi's head nodded ever so slightly as he muttered to himself, a sight more intimidating to Yi-Han than any ordinary monster.
"Just a moment. Just a moment."
Professor Garcia interjected.
Yi-Han felt a lump in his chest at the sight.
Professor!
"Professor Bagrak. Why do you ask about the lightning magic? What are you planning to do?"
"It is necessary for my teaching."
"Wait. Yi-Han, are you attending th… Professor Bagrak's class!?"
Professor Garcia, who initially intended to say 'that professor,' quickly changed his words.
However, Yi-Han had fully grasped what he had been about to say.
"Yes..."
"..."
Professor Garcia held his forehead.
Professor Garcia was a true person of character who respected everyone at the magic academy, but this did not extend to classes.
Several classes by a few professors always made Professor Garcia uncomfortable.
One such class was Professor Boladi Bagrak's.
To Professor Garcia, it was an excessively harsh and cruel class!
It seemed absurd that freshmen should be learning such material.
Rather than teaching how to avoid fights, teaching freshmen how to maintain composure and fight in extreme combat situations...
Thankfully, the students did not attend those classes.
As difficult as they were, every year, the students would run away after attending just once.
Thus, Professor Garcia had comforted himself, thinking 'Perhaps one day Professor Bagrak will realize and change his classes?'
Surprisingly, there was a student who was attending.
Professor Boladi spoke as if asking why.
"I remember from the last time."
"What are you talking about?"
"The fight with the anti-magic extremists. I told you then that I had taught it."
"!"
Professor Garcia felt a flash of insight in his mind.
The iron bead Yi-Han had used.
At the time, he had been too preoccupied with the anti-magic extremists to think deeply about how that bead was handled...
But on reflection, that was Professor Boladi's method!
-You have a talent for magic combat. Professor Boladi, did you teach him? Remarkable.-
-It's not that surprising.-
On reflection, the conversation between the principal and Professor Boladi afterward had also been very meaningful.
He had thought it was just a casual few words of teaching, but it turned out to be intensive training in the classes!
"Are you okay????"
"..."
Yi-Han hesitated at Professor Garcia's question.
It was a 'Are you okay' laden with too many meanings.
What should he respond?
"He is fine."
"..."
Professor Boladi answered for him. Both Yi-Han and Professor Garcia looked at Professor Boladi with astonished eyes.
"Wardanaz is successfully following the teachings."
"Following them, you say?"
Initially, Professor Garcia was shocked, then he understood.
Sometimes exceptional talent could be a curse.
That saying applied even in the current situation.
Yi-Han's extraordinary talent had made him not give up and keep up with the class!
'Such a tragedy...!'
Professor Boladi spoke as kindly as he could in his own way.
"I believe you now understand why I confirmed the manifestation of lightning magic."
"Just a moment, please. I understand that he's keeping up."
Professor Garcia attempted a final resistance. It was genuine goodwill.
"But isn't it too hasty to move on to lightning elemental magic just because he's improved his &lt;Lesser Control&gt; spell? Shouldn't he first master other safer elemental magic..."
Professor Garcia's words halted, his face stricken with fear.
Professor Boladi was faintly smiling.
What???
"That's why I first had him learn water elemental magic."
"Already?"
"Yes."
There was a faint certainty in Professor Boladi's affirmation.
Professor Garcia, as a fellow professor, could feel that emotion.
-Seeing that there is a student keeping up, I must be teaching correctly.-
...It was that conviction.
'No!!'
Professor Garcia screamed internally. Why of all things!
Even if Professor Boladi's distorted world was changed later, the immediate priority was to protect this exceptional student.
Professor Garcia persisted.
"Actually, many students easily manage to shape water, don't they?"
'Is that so?'
Yi-Han, unaware of Professor Garcia's inner thoughts, was amazed.
Somehow...
"It must be due to the nature of the water element, right?"
"I don't particularly think so..."
"From that perspective, shouldn't we expand the range into different shapes and become more familiar with the element before moving to the next stage, rather than just succeeding in shaping?"
Professor Boladi nodded.
"That's why I also let him discover the water shield magic on his own."
"..."
Professor Garcia looked at Yi-Han in astonishment. Yi-Han felt somewhat guilty.
Learning the water shield magic wasn't just about learning; understanding it on his own was almost akin to mastering elemental shaping.
If he figured out the principles and rationale on his own, he could create any form.
That level of self-discovery was significant.
"However, even if one masters shaping, the path to elemental control is long... At least the shaped water elemental magic should be controlled as naturally as manipulating iron beads..."
As Professor Garcia spoke, his heart sank seeing Yi-Han bow his head.
Could it be?
"I also had him learn what you just mentioned. I stopped him from adding a rotational attribute."
Professor Garcia had never imagined, not even in his worst nightmares, that Professor Boladi would say something akin to 'This is how I care for my student.'
This was more terrifying than any nightmare.
And the most terrifying part was that Professor Garcia no longer had any means to persuade.
With a dejected voice, Professor Garcia sadly said,
"Please take good care of student Yi-Han..."
"I always teach consistently, Professor Garcia."
As the conversation between the two professors ended, Yi-Han also came back to his senses.
"...?!!"
Is this it?
Isn't he going to intervene more??
"Professor...!"
"Yi-Han. Do your best."
Yi-Han felt like a cow being led to slaughter.
He didn't know what would happen next week...
Ominous!
'...From now on, I should tell myself to check if other professors are around when asking for help from a professor...'
Asan walked towards the black market with his friends.
"Let's treat ourselves this weekend."
"Do we really have to do this?"
Gainando wanted to complain but had to keep his mouth shut. He had already been scolded repeatedly for voicing his displeasure.
The current food situation for the new students at the magic academy was roughly as follows:
Thanks to Yi-Han, who had secured a large amount of supplies from outside, the students of the Blue Dragon were able to enjoy the most luxurious and plentiful meals.
The students of the Immortal Phoenix would accept any meal without complaint, regardless of what was served.
The students of the White Tiger, who aggressively hunted in nearby forests, fields, and mountains, gradually achieved success in their hunting endeavors.
And the students of the Black Tortoise, who supplemented their limited food supplies through periodic gathering, occasional hunting, and bartering with other students.
Among them, the students of the Blue Dragon were well aware that they were utterly dependent on Yi-Han's help.
Even though Yi-Han had considerately told them to just pay a small amount and not worry, they couldn't just stand by idly.
The students of the Blue Dragon were also exploring various ways to procure food.
One such method was the current black market.
A bartering spot opened near the Black Tortoise Tower by its students!
"The last time I went there, there wasn't much to eat..."
"No, I went there a few days ago, and the goods had increased significantly. There was quite a bit of food."
"I heard they made deals with the kids from the White Tiger?"
Asan nodded at his friends' words.
"As time goes by, the market is bound to grow. I'm not going for no reason. And..."
Asan carefully took out some glass bottles from his pocket.
These were the spoils from their recent ‘expedition’ to Professor Uregor’s Workshop.
All the students who participated had shared the potions and reagents.
"...The Black Tortoise guys know how valuable this is right now. It's better to trade our extras now before they become less rare."
"You're always on point, Dargard!"
The students of the Blue Dragon headed towards the black market with bright smiles.
A student from the Black Tortoise, standing at the entrance of the market, recognized them and his expression changed.
"Good to see you. Can we go in?"
"Sorry..."
"??"
"There's a new rule. You guys can't come in."
Asan felt more incredulous than surprised.
"Just exchanging among yourselves? The market will shrink!"
"It doesn't matter."
With a deep, heavy voice, someone emerged from behind the Black Tortoise student.
He was of short stature, like a dwarf, but with a more muscular body than the students from the White Tiger.
His bulky frame was evident despite the loose overcoat.
'Not a dwarf...?'
Asan was taken aback. He had thought it was a dwarf, but on closer inspection, it was an elf.
A short, extremely muscular elf!
"I am Salko of the Tutanta family."
The Tutanta family.
A fairly renowned stonecraft guild family in the empire.
He had thought they were a family of exceptional dwarf artisans, but...?
"Tutanta. Why are you blocking the entrance? Because we're from the Blue Dragon?"
"No. While it's true I don't particularly like you Blue Dragon students..."
"..."
"..."
"...I don't involve my personal feelings in such rules. The reason you can't enter is because of the rule."
"What rule?"
"If it's not something you've earned through your own work, you can't bring it in!"
Behind Salko, students from the Black Tortoise began to gather.
From fierce-looking ones to more delicately raised ones, the variety was evident, but it was clear Salko had leadership qualities.
Asan, annoyed, pulled out the reagents he had brought.
"We earned these ourselves!"
"Really? Where did you get them from?"
“...”
Asan was rendered speechless, unable to admit that the reagents were from Professor Uregor's workshop.
Gainando stepped in to make an excuse.
"We mined them outside!"
"Mined them from the fields and gathered that much? It must be stolen. If you can't prove its source, I'll consider it stolen goods. And as long as I am part of the Black Tortoise, I'll make sure the market doesn't deal in stolen goods. That's nothing but defiling the sweat and effort of people and disrupting the market."
Faced with such a valid argument, the students of the Blue Dragon were at a loss for words.
Gainando, feeling unjustly accused, shouted in protest.
"But then where are we supposed to trade stolen goods? What are thieves supposed to live on?"
"Hey... Gainando... keep it down, it's embarrassing...!"
The Blue Dragon students, realizing their embarrassment, quickly silenced Gainando.
At that moment, Yi-Han appeared, carrying a basket.
Seeing his friends gathered at the entrance, Yi-Han looked puzzled.
"What's going on? Aren't you going in?"
"Yi-Han!"
Asan quickly recounted everything that had happened.
Yi-Han, after listening, turned to Salko and asked.
"I personally grew these in my garden, can I go in then?"
"…!"
Salko looked at Yi-Han with surprise, then nodded.
"See you later then."
Watching Yi-Han enter, the friends from the Blue Dragon belatedly came to their senses.
"?!?"



Chapter 94
"Did you really grow it yourself?"
Salko asked with a voice mixed with astonishment and curiosity.
He was a student from the Tower of the Blue Dragon, hailing from the Wardanaz family, one of the prestigious families within the empire.
To think that such a boy had personally grown those fresh, appetizing, glossy, and tempting potatoes. It was hard to believe.
"Yes, I grew them myself,"
Yi-Han nodded firmly.
The other Black Tortoise students who had been watching chimed in.
"It's true that Wardanaz grew them, Salko."
"I even had a meal that he prepared last time! It was delicious!"
"Is that so? What did you offer in return?"
Salko asked his friends.
Upon hearing this, the Black Tortoise students hesitated.
...We just ate them...
"Surely you didn't obtain them without any payment?"
Salko asked, his expression turning stern, as if he might wield a hammer at any moment. The Black Tortoise students were frightened.
The motto of the Tutanta family was simple.
-Those who don't work, shall not eat.-
No matter how close they were as tower friends, if they had obtained something without working for it, it was an unforgivable act.
This is what conscienceless nobles and knights would do!
"Uh... Well..."
Yi-Han, who felt helpless, spoke up.
"I treated them as a reward for helping me."
"!"
The Black Tortoise students looked at Yi-Han with moved expressions.
'Wardanaz...!'
"That's right! That's how it happened!"
"We helped Wardanaz!"
Upon hearing this, Salko's expression softened.
"Thank goodness. I was worried that you might have obtained them without any payment."
"There's no way we would do something like that, Salko."
"My least favorite word is 'unearned.' Salko."
"Right, I understand."
As Salko was about to leave, Yi-Han asked him.
"Would you like to take a potato?"
The reason Yi-Han asked Salko this was simple.
Everyone loved the potatoes grown in the garden. Even the princess had praised them.
Of course, Yi-Han had his doubts about whether the princess really enjoyed everything she ate, despite the recent rumors among her followers.
And earlier, Salko had stared intently at the potatoes in Yi-Han's sack.
Either he really liked potatoes or had a grudge against them.
"...No, I'm fine. I don’t have anything to pay you right now."
“It’s okay, I don’t mind.”
"Don't insult me, Wardanaz. Dwarves of the Tutanta family don't receive anything without doing something in return."
'But you're an elf...'
Before Yi-Han could finish his sentence, Salko hurried away, as if staring at the potatoes for too long might tempt him.
"It's a tough time for thieves like me,"
Ratford, who had met Yi-Han, nodded his head and explained the recent events.
Originally, the students from the Black Tortoise had diverse backgrounds, and they tended to gather separately and have their own fun.
However, as time passed, individuals who stood out began to emerge.
Tutanta Salko, a dwarf, or rather an elf, was one such individual, thanks to his exceptional magic skills and rock-solid sense of responsibility. Friends who followed Tutanta had increased.
'Why not Nillia...'
Yi-Han suddenly felt sorry for Nillia.
Although Nillia had also given a lot to the Black Tortoise students, they didn't trust her as a leader, no matter how much they liked her. It was the opposite with Salko.
'Is it the difference between dark elves and elves? No, it doesn't seem to be because of that.'
Anyway, the followers of Salko increased, and at the same time, the black market operated by the Black Tortoise also grew in size.
Students from the Blue Dragon and White Tiger, having heard the rumors, also started to come and exchange various goods.
This, in turn, led to a gradual increase in problems.
-"Why does this cost five loaves of bread?"-
-"You shouldn't do this here!"-
-"Hey, this coffee is fake! Give me back my bread!"-
-"I can't refund once you've bought it! And I already told you, it's fake coffee made from dandelions!"-
With students from other towers coming and going, problems inevitably increased.
However, the Black Tortoise students found it difficult to strongly retaliate when friction arose with students from other towers.
The opponents were either from great noble families or knightly families.
So, the Black Tortoise students requested help from the most trustworthy Salko, not Nillia.
After much deliberation, Salko agreed but firmly stated that his rules must be followed.
-"If you want the guys from the other towers to follow my rules, you must abide by them first!"-
-"Understood. Tutanta!"-
-"We must, of course, follow your rules!"-
-"Remember, if you don't work first, you shouldn't eat."-
-"That's a good rule!"-
"The guys from the other towers will never abide by it!"
-"Likewise, dealing in stolen goods is prohibited."-
-"..."-
-"..."-
-"What's the matter? Any problems?"-
-"None! None at all!"-
Naturally, there were complaints, but the fact that other problems disappeared thanks to Salko's growling was true.
Upon hearing the explanation, Yi-Han was furious.
"As always, because of a few troublemakers, good people suffer. Because of those White Tiger guys, thieves like you and me are starving."
"That's right."
Ratford strongly nodded in agreement.
"It must be hard, Ratford. So, what are you doing?"
"Ah, I'm fine. I'm secretly selling stolen goods."
Yi-Han was slightly impressed by Ratford's calm response. He was a professional thief, after all.
Running a black market within a black market...
"Of course, since I can't do it openly, the scale has reduced significantly. Instead, I'm doing something else."
"?"
Ratford pointed to a corner of the black market. Some Black Tortoise students were sitting there, doing something other than business.
"Look closely at this. There are three cards, one of them is the Emperor card. I'll flip and shuffle them... if you find it, you get double the money."
Flipping three cards, shuffling them dazzlingly, and doubling the money if you find the Emperor card.
...It's gambling!
"Is gambling okay?"
"Tutanta doesn't like gambling, but... he has allowed it. Obviously, if we prohibit that as well, there would be too much dissatisfaction."
When it came to the proportion of criminals, the Black Tortoise had the most.
Thieves Guild, Gambling Guild, etc., those backgrounds usually led to the Black Tortoise.
Salko knew this and turned a blind eye to this money-making through gambling, considering it labor.
Apart from the card matching gambling, there were other activities like chess betting, lock picking (which seemed to be Ratford's job), among others.
'Is this some kind of adventurer's guild?'
"Aargh! My bread!! My three days' worth of bread!!"
"Sorry, I tried to mix it up slowly..."
A White Tiger student cried out in despair, having lost his property.
"Don't give up, Dukma. You were just unlucky this time. Let's try one more time!"
"It's not too hard! You'll succeed this time!"
Yi-Han looked at the person shuffling. It was a face he had recognized before.
Ymirg, the giant mixed-blood he had met in Professor Mortum's dark magic class.
Yi-Han marveled in a peculiar way.
‘Surely, being a giant would make his opponents let their guard down.’
To anyone looking, Ymirg's massive hands seemed clumsy and slow.
But Yi-Han saw clearly.
He noticed the slight sleights of hand Ymirg was performing while shuffling the cards.
‘He's quite skilled.’
In a world of real magic, it was easy to think there was no place for magic tricks based on skill and technique.
However, there were those who mastered such hand tricks.
They were the gamblers of the Gambling Guild.
Using magic for cheating was risky, so they relied on pure sleight of hand.
Yi-Han speculated that Ymirg might be from the Gambling Guild.
"Never gamble against Ymirg," Ratford advised, mistaking Yi-Han's gaze.
Even Ratford, with his own hand tricks, had never beaten Ymirg.
Such was his unmatched skill within the Black Tortoise.
"I'm not really interested in gambling, Ratford. I was just watching for fun."
Yi-Han clenched and unclenched his fist, making a coin disappear. Ratford, amazed, exclaimed,
"As expected of Mr. Wardanaz! I always thought you had the qualities of an outstanding thief, and I wasn't wrong!"
"Keep your voice down, it’s embarrassing if others hear it."
Receiving such fervent reactions for a simple coin trick was rather embarrassing for him.
"No, Mr. Wardanaz. If you have such skills, you certainly deserve a place here."
"..."
Yi-Han was momentarily tempted.
It sounded plausible.
'Was all my practice meant for this moment?'
To extort bread and meat from the pockets of the White Tiger students...
"But I belong to a different tower."
"I'll talk to them. There are friends who owe you favors, Mr. Wardanaz, it should be fine."
But before Ratford could rise, Salko appeared from behind.
Behind Salko, the Black Tortoise students stood like guilty culprits.
"Wardanaz. When I asked around, these friends here said they got food without paying anything."
'Damn these blabbermouths.'
Yi-Han cursed the Black Tortoise students internally.
If you're going to deny it, at least stick to your story.
Yi-Han was different. He was confident he could deny until the end of the world.
"I had no choice. Our family motto is 'Share food with the hungry.'"
Yi-Han's demeanor had the power to make even nonsense sound serious.
The listening students unconsciously nodded in agreement.
Indeed!
It made sense why Wardanaz was feeding his friends...
"I'm not blaming you, Wardanaz. It's not your fault. I came to apologize for my friends' mistakes. It was irresponsible behavior, typical of lazy nobles or violent knights."
Salko bowed in apology, and the Black Tortoise friends hesitantly followed suit.
Then, students from other towers waiting outside the black market protested Salko’s description.
"That's too harsh!"
"Lazy nobles? You have no idea how hard the life of a noble is!"
"Do you understand the heavy honor and responsibility we bear as knights?!"
'Same tower, but really unlucky to have them.'
For a moment, Yi-Han almost sided with Salko.
Such shameless and conscienceless people...
Salko blatantly ignored them.
"I'd like to make them pay for what they ate, but my friends don't have that much right now."
"There's no need to worry about that."
The friends from the Blue Dragon meticulously recorded every single silver coin in the ledger, but he had no intention of doing the same for the Black Tortoise students.
"No, I'll pay instead."
"!"
Yi-Han was surprised.
Offering to pay on their behalf.
'The Tutanta family must be quite wealthy.'
Being from a famous stonemason guild family in the empire, they certainly wouldn't lack funds.
Yi-Han pondered how much to charge for the tomato vegetable stew he had prepared last time.
"I've heard rumors that you, Wardanaz, wander around the academy at night. Is that true?"
"I don't know what absurd rumor you've heard, but that's completely false."
"..."
"..."
Students from the Blue Dragon and White Tiger outside the black market were dumbfounded.
'Has that guy got a face of iron...?'
'It seems the Wardanaz family also trains in emotional control.'
Despite Yi-Han's denial, Salko resolutely continued his point.
"I have some information that might be helpful."
"!"



Chapter 95
Yi-Han spoke with a serious expression, stating, "I truly have no intention of leaving. However, if it will ease your mind, I am willing to listen to that information."
Salko, taken aback by Yi-Han's earnest demeanor, which was devoid of any hint of jest, wondered to himself, 'Has he really never gone out at night?' He then turned to another friend beside him, a fellow member of the Black Tortoise, who shook his head in warning, indicating that he should not be deceived.
“...”
Salko's expression turned slightly fierce, reflecting the confirmation of his distrust towards the seemingly superficial nobles. "Follow me. I will explain," Salko said, and then whispered something to his Black Tortoise friends.
Curious, Yi-Han discreetly asked another friend, who had once eaten vegetable stew with him, "What did Tutanta say?"
The friend responded apologetically, "He said not to have a private conversation with you when he's not around."
As a matter of fact, Yi-Han was not the only one sneaking out at night. Most students had gradually started venturing outside the tower. They had realized that merely sleeping through the night was not enough to survive in the academy. Whether it was for food, assignments, or even escape, they needed to roam the academy and seek out what they needed. Salko was no exception.
"You criticize me for sneaking around the academy at night?" Yi-Han asked.
"I never criticized you," Salko replied incredulously.
Realizing the truth in this, Yi-Han encouraged Salko to continue. Salko and his friends had been recently challenging themselves by exploring the third floor of the main building of the magic academy. This building, the largest and most mysterious of all, was said to contain secrets unknown even to the principal. The third floor constantly changed its layout, with corridors multiplying, staircases disappearing, and walls suddenly blocking the path.
Salko, hailing from the stonemason guild family, had tenaciously found a way to access it to some extent.
“How do I get in?”
“When the hours and minutes are odd, when the moon is cloudless, and when the staff is held in the left hand. You have to satisfy all of these conditions in order for the hallway on the third floor to open properly.”
“...”
Yi-Han, initially thinking Salko was jesting, realized the gravity in his words. "I see," he acknowledged, grateful that the conditions were not as bizarre as they could be in a magic academy.
"Thanks for the useful information," Yi-Han said, as he needed to visit the stables in the upper levels of the main building. The information about the third floor was especially useful.
"The information isn't over yet. There's a being on the third floor that might be of help to you," Salko added.
"A spirit of lightning, perhaps?" Yi-Han joked.
Salko looked puzzled. "No. It's not that. What kind of being is it?"
Yi-Han’s curiosity was piqued. The academy was already filled with various magic beings.
Lich, troll mixed-blood, vampire, lightning spirit, etc.. Most of whom were not ideal for conversation.
"I can't say," Salko replied. "I've sworn an oath not to reveal its identity."
"I see. So, I should go and find out for myself?" Yi-Han concluded.
"No. Finding that being is more complicated and difficult than entering the third-floor corridor. I must accompany you. As you decide, I will lead you to that being in the corridor," Salko stated with the steadfastness of solid rock. However, Yi-Han was immediately skeptical.
'Is this a trap?' he wondered, his doubts stemming from the unfair attacks he had endured from other students.
After all, Salko was not known to be fond of nobles or knights. It was possible that students from the Black Tortoise, wearing masks, were lying in wait in the third-floor corridor. Or perhaps, Salko had chosen Yi-Han as a sacrifice for the being in the corridor.
"Why do you ask?" Salko inquired, oblivious to the disrespectful suspicions harbored by Yi-Han.
"Aren't you breaking your oath by guiding me to that being?" Yi-Han questioned.
"No. As long as I do not reveal its identity, bringing a new student is allowed. I double-checked this in the &lt;Basic Imperial Language and Logic&gt; class, just to be sure."
Yi-Han clicked his tongue inwardly. Salko was as diligent a student as he was, not someone Yi-Han could easily manipulate like Gainando.
"Do you really believe this will be helpful?" Yi-Han probed.
"On the honor of my family, I believe so. Though, of course, my judgment is not always correct," Salko replied, stroking his beard with the seriousness of a dwarf.
'Information is needed in any case,' Yi-Han thought, nodding after a moment of contemplation. He could not afford to be choosy, whether it was ‘cold or hot water,’ in finding the way to the stables located in the upper level of the main building.
"Fine. When do you plan to go?"
"Tonight."
On Saturday evening, when other students would usually be wrapped in blankets in the lounge, warming themselves by a cozy fire, holding a cup of steaming tea or coffee in one hand and a quill, chess piece, or card in the other, Yi-Han was ascending the dark staircase of the main building with Salko.
'It seems there are no others lying in wait,' Yi-Han thought, vigilant for any ambush. It appeared that the Black Tortoise students were not following.
Salko was armed with a staff in one hand and a hammer at his waist, which felt more menacing than the wooden swords carried by the students of the White Tiger.
"I asked the other students. Wardanaz," Salko said in a voice reminiscent of granite.
"What did you ask?" Yi-Han inquired.
"About what kind of person you are."
Yi-Han scanned the surroundings again, half-expecting Salko to shout 'Die, Wardanaz! Your misdeeds end here!' and for ambushing students to emerge. Fortunately, that did not happen.
"I heard you've been giving food to the other students. Not just to everyone in the Blue Dragon, but to students from other towers as well."
"That's right."
"Charity is commendable, but I'd advise against it. Those who haven’t earned their own keep, even if provided for, will not understand its value."
Yi-Han found himself nodding involuntarily. The statement was too accurate.
Salko was taken aback by Yi-Han's nod, not having expected someone of the Wardanaz lineage to agree without any argument.
"Do you... understand?" Salko asked.
"There's nothing incorrect about it. Those who don't work for themselves never understand the value of things," Yi-Han affirmed.
"Right. How could nobles or knights understand the sanctity of labor? They only know how to strut around, brandishing swords, and acting superior," Salko remarked disdainfully.
"In my opinion, nobles and knights should fundamentally be sent to work the fields on farms. They learn swordsmanship as part of their education, so there's no reason they can't learn farming," he suggested.
The two young laborers found strong agreement in this sentiment.
After their conversation concluded, Yi-Han and Salko looked at each other with a newfound respect. Salko's rock-like face softened slightly.
"I think I may have misjudged you. I apologize, Wardanaz. Some students from the White Tiger said you were a heartless and bloodless evil mage..."
"..."
"...That must have been a baseless rumor spread by arrogant knights."
"Indeed. Such baseless rumors often cloud our vision. We must always be careful, especially as mages."
"That's true."
Salko nodded, his expression one of reflection.
Yi-Han thought to himself, 'No matter what rumors spread in the future, I can just dismiss them as baseless.'
Salko glanced at Yi-Han's hands, noticing they were toughened from tending gardens and various labors – hands a noble wouldn't have. Those with similar hands recognize each other. With this, Salko fully accepted Yi-Han.
This made Salko curious.
Why would a student like Yi-Han care for other lazy good-for-nothings?
"Wardanaz. I have a question."
"What is it?"
"Why do you take care of your fellow tower students?"
"..."
Yi-Han was momentarily taken aback.
Well...
'It's for the money...'
He did it for the money; he wouldn't provide breakfast and feed them for free.
It was obviously for the money.
However, Yi-Han thought it wouldn't be good to say it was for money, especially now that Salko held him in high regard.
"I do it because they are friends."
"..."
This answer left a strong impression on Salko.
He had thought the students followed Wardanaz because of his magic skills, but now it seemed there was more to it.
"I could never do that myself... but now I think I understand a bit about what you nobles call 'honor.' It's not completely absent."
"..."
Yi-Han pushed the ledger deeper into his pocket.
If Salko ever found out, he might never trust nobles again.
Leading the way through the third-floor corridor of the main building, Salko suddenly stopped and pointed to a statue. It was a statue of an unnamed mage.
Though worn, faded, and partially broken, its beauty was breathtaking, almost too perfect to be human.
'How strange. Why does it seem familiar?'
"Do you see how this statue is broken, Wardanaz?" Salko asked, pulling out a hammer. Yi-Han stepped back, resting his hand on his waist, and nodded.
"I repaired this statue before. I couldn't just stand by and watch a broken statue."
'He's a workaholic.'
But Yi-Han understood.
Just as Yonaire wants to water plants she sees, Nillia wants to hunt prey she spots, and Yi-Han feels the urge to bend over when he sees a professor...
Salko had his own professional urges.
"But it's broken again?"
"Yes. This statue keeps breaking, even after being fixed. And that's the secret to opening this hidden door."
Carefully, Salko began to repair the broken statue.
As he did, a rumbling sound echoed in the darkness, and the statue rotated once. Simultaneously, a hidden passage opened.
"Go inside, Wardanaz. From here, you must go alone."
"Tutanta... I trust you."
"I know. That's why you came this far."
"I really do trust you."
"Why do you repeat that?"
Unaware that Yi-Han was reading his reaction, Salko tilted his head in confusion.
“Had a new student arrived?”
“!”
Inside the passage, there was a statue that looked like a mixture of several animals.
"Welcome. I am the statue of the forgotten beast. I have been in this academy for a very long time. Student who repaired the statue and entered, will you swear not to speak of my identity to others?"
"...I swear."
As Yi-Han responded, the dog's tail portion of the statue wagged happily.
"Excuse me, but what are you doing here?"
“Just killing time. The room I was guarding was closed 187 years ago. Since then, I've been wandering the cooler parts of this academy.”
"I'm curious why I shouldn't tell others about you..."
“Well, the professors might put me back to work if they knew.”
"How wise...!"
“Thank you for understanding.”
Yi-Han was certain of the statue's wisdom.



Chapter 96
When the professor forgot one's existence, it was a rule to quietly lie low and keep still.
The statue of the forgotten beast was an entity that had mastered that wisdom.
But there was no helping the boredom. "Thank you for coming here."
"The great statue, I've heard that you… possess the necessary wisdom within this academy."
Yi-Han started to speak of escape but quickly changed his words.
He could not trust the statue of the forgotten beast, unsure of when it might betray him.
"Wisdom, you say... That's rather embarrassing to hear. I may not possess wisdom, but I can share what I know. And I might be able to help with things within my power."
"Indeed!"
Yi-Han was grateful for the statue's boredom.
Otherwise, it wouldn't have offered such help.
"Of course, I can't help with things beyond my abilities. So, don't ask me to save a dragon or anything like that."
"Could you perhaps make the principal a bit kinder?"
"What color of dragon would you like? A dragon seems like a better request."
"I'm sorry. It was a joke."
Of course, Yi-Han had no intention of making such a ludicrous request.
He had only one desire.
The way to the stable at the spire, located in the upper levels of the main building.
"Do you know the way to the stable at the spire of the main building?"
"I know of about three places."
Yi-Han's eyes flickered slightly. He had finally found what he was seeking.
"I would like to know the way to the easiest one."
"Not difficult at all."
"!"
"But first, you must defeat me!"
"?!?"
Taken aback by the sudden change in atmosphere, Yi-Han was startled.
He held his staff, eyeing the statue warily. Instead of attacking, the statue laid out a bronze chessboard.
"Let's have a game!"
"..."
It was clear that the opponent was truly bored.
Boredom was a venom among venoms. Even the statue of the forgotten beast, which had loyally served under the professor for a long time, could not overcome boredom.
The statue of the forgotten beast favored chess.
The advantage of chess was that it could be played alone.
The statue's tail and other heads swayed with its movements.
Yi-Han asked to gauge its skill.
"Did you play chess with any other freshmen before me?"
"Yes, I did."
"How many times did that freshman win?"
"Not even once."
Yi-Han's expression grew serious.
'Had Tutanta not won a single game?'
He didn't know Tutanta's skill level, but losing continuously without a single win meant a lot.
The chess skills of this statue of the forgotten beast were exceptional...
'And it's cunning enough to hide that.'
If the difference was overwhelming, the opponent wouldn't have challenged again. It must have won narrowly, giving the opponent hope for a rematch.
Such control required a significant difference in skill.
'Can I win?'
Yi-Han didn't consider himself particularly good at chess.
He hadn't avoided chess, of course.
As with students typically confined to a lab, Yi-Han also enjoyed meaningless betting activities.
And chess was the most popular among them.
Yi-Han had never lost among other students...
...But that was a frog in a well. Against the foreign professor next door, he had never won.
The foreign professor, finding great joy in defeating the weak, often called Yi-Han to defeat him.
If the statue before him was better than that professor, it was certainly no less capable.
‘But just once, just one win is all it takes.’
No matter how he shook the opponent or caught them off guard, a single victory was sufficient.
Yi-Han planned to win by sheer volume of attempts.
Considering chess was a game with unexpected variables, he might win at least once in a hundred games.
"Just so you know, there's a penalty if you lose."
"...What is it?"
Yi-Han flinched.
The statue, now cast in shadow, seemed to exude an oppressive aura.
"If you lose, you have to play another game without any reward."
"...Is that so?"
The penalty was lighter than expected. The statue nodded in affirmation.
"And if you lose again on your next attempt, you'll have to play two games. If you lose again after that, three games..."
'It might be better just to take up work from the professor if it's that bored.'
Yi-Han thought so as he picked up a white pawn.
The king toppled over, signaling the end of the game. Yi-Han was astonished.
'Tutanta...!'
“You're really good.”
The statue exclaimed in admiration, but Yi-Han was slightly incredulous.
Incredibly, he had won.
And in the very first game!
At this point, he had to question the skills of both the statue and Tutanta. To not win even a single game against this statue.
'I was worried for nothing.'
"Here. This is the map I made."
"Thank you."
Yi-Han took the map offered by the statue and tucked it away, then asked,
"Would you like to play another game?"
Realizing that the opponent was easier than expected, there was no need to hesitate. Yi-Han spoke up, hoping to gain more.
But the statue was not so easily persuaded.
“No. Today, I'm truly satisfied. It was such an enjoyable game.”
"..."
"I think I can sleep soundly thanks to it. Thank you."
Yi-Han couldn't fathom what about this game satisfied the statue so much.
Surely it wasn't acting like this because it thought it couldn't win?
"Yes... I'm glad for you."
Yi-Han congratulated with mixed feelings and left the room.
Salko was waiting in the corridor, whittling a small statue with a hammer and chisel.
"You're out."
Salko, brushing off the dust, spoke without looking at Yi-Han.
Although he wasn't fond of nobles, he respected the pride that Yi-Han possessed.
He must have been humiliated, having not won even once.
"I'll guide you until you win. You can't enter alone. Just let me know when you want to go again."
"I won."
"...??!?!!"
Salko couldn't believe his ears.
The chess skills of that beast statue were formidable.
Even Salko, unrivaled in the Tutanta family, had never won against it.
He had planned to prepare with Wardanaz and try again...
But Yi-Han just won?
"Really?"
"Yes. It even said it's going to take a nap because of it."
Salko didn't doubt the word of an opponent that he had decided to respect for no reason.
But Yi-Han's claim was hard to believe without seeing it with his own eyes.
"Wardanaz, would it be alright if I check for myself?"
"Go ahead. Do as you like."
With Yi-Han's permission, Salko repaired the corridor statue, opened the door, and went inside.
He walked out with an expression as if he had seen a ghost.
Indeed, the statue was asleep.
Yi-Han said to Salko, "Thank you. I got the information I needed because of you."
"That's good to hear..."
Salko momentarily looked at Yi-Han with eyes full of admiration, then quickly regained his composure.
In his lifetime, he never imagined feeling such respect for someone born into a noble family!
Salko coughed slightly and turned around.
"Let's go back. I'll lead the way."
Unaware, Salko had not noticed the subtle change in Yi-Han's eyes as he turned his back.
The look in Yi-Han's eyes as he watched Salko had shifted, now resembling the way he gazed at Nillia.
Yi-Han, wearing an expression of extreme fatigue, opened the door to the rest area.
Salko, who seemed to be formed from a lump of rock, turned out to be more talkative than expected.
-"I want to tell you about the 'Dwarf Gambit,' a chess strategy of the Tutanta family. It involves advancing the pawn to e4 and when the opponent counters with e5, attacking fiercely with f4."-
-"I specialize in moving my knight to f3 when the opponent takes a pawn, but about that..."-
-"There was this incident during the last game I played..."-
-"Did you know? Those elf fellows don't play pawn to e4; they send it to d4 and counter with c4 at d5! Mad, I tell you!"-
All the way back, Salko had been incessantly talking about chess.
Yi-Han was not someone who dedicated his life and passion to chess like Salko.
Though he tried to respond earnestly, fearing Salko might get upset, he couldn't help but feel mentally exhausted.
"Wardanaz! You're back!"
His friends in the rest area, who had been working on assignments, greeted Yi-Han joyfully.
Yonaire was busy checking potions with other students, collaborating closely.
These were the potions Yi-Han and Ratford had stolen from a carriage previously.
Thanks to salvaging reagents from Professor Uregor's lab, they were able to conduct various experiments.
"Did you find out anything?"
"Wardanaz. We've done it."
"??"
One of the students sitting next to Yonaire excitedly began to speak.
"We've discovered the potion of miracles!"
"Did you find a teleportation potion?"
Yi-Han asked, puzzled.
The students replied with sheepish expressions.
"Not... exactly teleportation."
"But it's still an amazing potion! Let me show you! Gainando!"
They brought Gainando over. Yi-Han noticed something different about Gainando's demeanor.
He seemed a bit... more intellectual.
'What? Is this a fake Gainando?'
Gainando nodded calmly and composedly at Yi-Han, making him oddly want to hit him.
"Gainando. Who teaches &lt;Basic Magic Understanding&gt;?"
"Professor Garcia Kim."
"How do you make a &lt;Lesser Mana Recovery Potion&gt;?"
"Cut the base of the Garamaldu, and slice the remaining part into pieces two finger-widths long. At the same time, tear the Snow Fragrance grass finely by hand, but you must do it quickly before the Garamaldu dries."
The students of the Blue Dragon erupted in cheers at the smooth responses.
"See?? It's the potion of wisdom! The potion of wisdom!"
There were potions in alchemy that temporarily enhanced the drinker's intelligence.
Gainando's current state was a clear testament to that.
This murky-colored liquid was undoubtedly a potion of wisdom!
'Wait. Did these kids test this on Gainando?'
Yi-Han had that suspicion but decided to let it pass. There were more important things to consider.
"Do you really think this is the potion of wisdom?"
Yi-Han asked Yonaire in a low voice. Yonaire replied with a thoughtful expression.
"I'm not sure yet. But seeing Gainando's reaction, it seems possible."
"Didn't you test it thoroughly before drinking it?"
"No, he just happened to drink it during the verification process..."
"..."
Yi-Han started to say something but then held back.
'If it's a potion of wisdom, that would indeed be beneficial.'
Like the cheering students, Yi-Han also had numerous uses for a potion of wisdom.
He contemplated drinking a little during Professor Garcia's class, a bit during Professor Boladi's, some during Professor Uregor's, and a little when meeting Professor Mortum and Professor Millei...
Counting on his fingers, Yi-Han reflected.
Potions were not harmless to the body. They always required a price. Drinking that much could be detrimental to his health.
Yet, the need for wisdom at the academy was overwhelming.
'Maybe I should check a bit more.'
Yi-Han looked at Gainando and asked,
"What's 14 times 19?"
"417."
The immediate response elicited cheers from the students of the Blue Dragon who were listening.
However, Yi-Han, Yonaire, Asan, and the Princess wore expressions of disbelief.
...Huh?



Chapter 97
When Yi-Han multiplied 14 by 19, the result was 266, not 417. There was not a single correct digit.
Yi-Han asked with a doubtful voice, "Gainando, how do you make a &lt;Lesser Mana Recovery Potion&gt;?" It was the same question his other friends had asked earlier. If it truly was a potion of wisdom, he should have been able to answer correctly as he had before.
"To make it, you cut off the base of the Garamaldu, then chop off the remaining part along with your little finger. At the same time, you need to tear the Snow Fragrance grass finely with your hands..."
He answered with the same calm and composed demeanor as before, but Yi-Han was not fooled. On the cutting board lay the base of the Garamaldu, along with a severed little finger!
"It's not a potion of wisdom, but a potion of confidence," Yi-Han realized.
“...”
The Blue Dragon friends were genuinely disappointed. They could have easily passed all the tasks and exams!
"But can't we sell it as a potion of wisdom to those White Tiger kids?"
"Ohh..."
"What do you mean 'Ohh'? No, we can't."
Yi-Han stopped the students. The princess, who was about to stand up with the potion, caught his eye and quietly sat back down.
"Why not?! Wardanaz. You know how rude and arrogant those kids are! They even insulted you before!"
"I know. But wait, what insult?"
Yi-Han, about to let it go, couldn't hold back and asked.
"They said you're much better at dark magic than the senior students."
'That's hardly an insult, is it?' Yi-Han thought to himself. He understood the intent behind it, but it seemed too mild for an insult. Perhaps to the students of the White Tiger, it was meant to be offensive, but to Yi-Han, it wasn't significant. Remarks like 'Wardanaz will starve to death after graduation' or 'Wardanaz won't graduate and will be dragged away by the professors' would have been far more insulting.
"It's fine. I'll handle my own affairs, so don't get needlessly angry because of me. The most important thing now is the lake."
“!”
Those words reminded the Blue Dragon students of an assignment they had forgotten, or rather, had tried to forget. It was an assignment given by the skull principal.
"Do we really have to go to the lake?"
"Maybe we can just give up on one assignment? To cooperate with such people for it... What's important is honor, not grades."
At that, Yi-Han, Yonaire, the princess, and Asan looked at the student in disbelief, as if he had said something absurd. How could he say grades aren't important??
"Grades are honor. What nonsense are you talking about?"
"Yes, grades are the way to su... I mean, honor."
Yi-Han was about to say 'Grades are the way to success' but stopped himself. Most of the students there thought 'What does it matter if my grades are bad? I have a family to fall back on,' so such words wouldn't have much effect.
And...
'I think it will be dangerous later on if I say something like that.'
Last time, when he overheard Professors Boladi and Kirmin talking, it seemed risky to say something like 'My goal is to succeed as a bureaucrat' in the magic school. It might be better to keep it hidden until he was sure of his position and ready to leave.
"Sorry... I was short-sighted."
The friend who had carelessly spoken apologized, unable to withstand the gaze of Yi-Han and the others.
Ah, I see!
Grades are that important...!
'I was hoping to find something useful in the potion box.'
Yi-Han looked at the lake, feeling disappointed. He had hoped for something like a potion of walking on water or underwater breathing.
No matter how much he thought about it, Yi-Han felt that the principal's latest assignment would involve some tricky situation with water.
Perhaps falling into the water or drinking it...
However, the only confirmed potions in the stolen potion box were the Empire’s Western Grape Wine (delicious), Cantus Potion (bestowed talent for singing), and the Potion of Confidence.
Yi-Han seriously considered secretly feeding the remaining potions to the students of the White Tiger in small doses.
It would be quicker if he could just administer them directly...
'If there were potions like Strength Enhancement or Giant Growth, it would be problematic. They would come after me first.'
Yi-Han, considering the risks, decided against it.
After all, testing unverified potions on people was ethically wrong.
"Shield, unfold!"
Yi-Han chanted towards the lake.
A mage who used water elemental magic became much more comfortable and powerful when water was nearby. The mana and mental power required to summon water were significantly reduced.
...Or so he had heard, but Yi-Han couldn't feel any difference.
'Is it because I'm inexperienced?'
Whether he used the lake's water or summoned it, it felt the same to him. Perhaps it was because he was using lower circle magic. The difference might not be noticeable at lower circles, but it might become apparent as he advanced to higher circles...
Yi-Han experimented with the water shield, changing its form in various ways.
The sole reason he was at the lake on a peaceful Sunday morning was to find a way to cross it.
'It's surprisingly large.'
It was no wonder some students from inland regions mistook it for a sea.
From where Yi-Han stood, he couldn't see the other end of the lake.
He had to find a way to cross it by next week. The skull principal was not the kind to sympathize with a lack of solutions.
"Ferry, appear!"
Yi-Han tried altering his spells in his own way, attempting to transform the water shield into the form of a ferry.
He was trying to summon a ferry made of water.
Professor Garcia would have been appalled at such an absurd attempt by his student.
No matter how confident you are, do you not realize how difficult it is to maintain the shape of a ferry?
Maintaining a water shield and summoning a water ferry to cross the lake were tasks of entirely different magnitudes.
Firstly, the size and density of a shield and a ferry were different.
Naturally, the required mana was vastly different.
Even if he simplified the structure of the ferry as much as possible, it was still incomparably more complex than a shield. And unlike a shield that just needed to be suspended in the air, the ferry had to maintain its shape continuously on the water...
Yi-Han soon realized this fact.
Indeed, summoning a water ferry was not efficient.
'Surely, it's uncertain. Can I maintain it on the lake?'
There was also the possibility of monsters or the skull principal attacking from within the lake.
Considering such scenarios, a water ferry was impractical.
'It's a shame to give up on a successful summoning.'
Yi-Han neatly gave up and released the successfully summoned water ferry onto the lake.
Again, if Professor Garcia had been there, he would have been astonished, saying something along the lines of:
-You can't just release it after you've successfully summoned it!-
'Maybe it's an enchantment after all?'
If neither potions nor a water ferry worked, then the next option was enchantment magic.
There existed a category of spells that etched effects directly onto items, substances, or living beings to maintain their power. Among them were enchantments like the magic of walking on water or underwater breathing.
The issue at hand was that Yi-Han had only learned these enchantments indirectly. He had been introduced to their applications in lectures like &lt;Basic Imperial Geometry and Arithmetic&gt;, but had not yet received formal instruction. And even if he received formal instruction, he didn't think he would be able to learn the magic of walking on water or underwater breathing right away in the first year…
'Dark magic is useless even in times like this. Alchemy and enchantment are closely helpful in real life.'
Yi-Han lamented the limited utility of dark magic in such situations. He imagined Professor Mortum shedding tears over this thought.
'The lightning spirit is equally useless. The ice spirit controlled by Professor Uregor helps with storing food ingredients and reagents... In times like this, it would have been possible to make a road by freezing water.'
These thoughts led Yi-Han to believe that Ferkuntra might also feel overwhelmed.
'In some ways, magic is very weak...'
"Be careful!"
"Don't worry. Let's push it slowly."
Yi-Han, hearing voices beyond the bushes, crouched and approached cautiously. To his surprise, he found his friends from the White Tiger building a boat-like structure, nearly complete even to his untrained eye.
"Can we really launch this?"
"Of course, I've done it many times," Anglago, a satyr, replied confidently. Anglago often accompanied his parents to his mother's homeland for long breaks, gaining experience in building and handling small boats.
"If it works, let's go back and tell everyone!"
"Great idea! What if we find a way to the island?"
"That's brilliant. Moradi would love it."
Anglago nodded.
It was nice to be admired by Moradi and other students, but more than anything…
He was thrilled at the thought of Wardanaz, a master of all malevolent magic, looking at him with a mix of respect and resentment.
-"Curses, Anglago Alpha. I acknowledge you. To find a path I've yet to discover, you're far more remarkable than I thought. I was foolish to underestimate you..."-
In the rustling bushes, Yi-Han emerged, wielding his staff.
"Hey," Yi-Han called, causing Anglago and his friend to instinctively raise their arms, perceiving the staff as a threat.
"This... this is cowardly!"
Anglago felt unjustly aggrieved, so much so that his horn trembled. They had worked tirelessly on the boat, even giving it the name 'Baphomet.'
Desiring to confront Yi-Han but recalling the magic he had previously demonstrated, they hesitated. Yi-Han's staff could swing faster than any sword they might draw.
"My boat! To take my boat like this..."
"Don't move," Yi-Han warned, then regretted it, realizing his inadvertent threat. He had initially approached the White Tiger students to ask them how they planned to sail and how they would find their way, not to intimidate them. But suddenly, the White Tiger students raised their arms as if they had encountered a robber, and Yi-Han suddenly said, 'Don't move' without even realizing it.
"Actually, never mind."
Yi-Han lowered his staff, reflecting on the power of habit.
"There seems to be a misunderstanding," Yi-Han clarified. "I didn't come to steal your boat. I merely wanted to see how you were getting on."
"Is that... really so?"
"But you threatened us with your staff, saying you'd curse us if we didn't hand over the boat..."
Anglago, mid-sentence, realized that Yi-Han had never actually made such a threat. It was a misconception born from his panic.
"There was a misunderstanding," the two students from the White Tiger acknowledged, lowering their arms obediently. Yi-Han, pretending to overlook their earlier reaction, nodded.
"So, you came out here because you're interested in the boat I made?"
"Yes, that's right. But..."
Yi-Han began, then paused, looking at Anglago with newfound curiosity.
This was the boat Anglago had made?
'It might be more dangerous than one made by Gainando,' he thought to himself.
"Why?" Anglago, oblivious to Yi-Han's unspoken skepticism, asked in confusion.



Chapter 98
"I thought it was a well-made boat," he remarked.
"...Hmph. Don't flatter me," came the gruff reply, as Anglago tried to hide his pleased expression.
Inside, Yi-Han sighed. 'The fact that this ferry is the best option saddens me.'
Without the ability to learn the enchantment immediately or become friends with the ice spirits, the ferry was the only option left.
He had no choice but to check it out, however begrudgingly.
"How many can it carry?"
"Twenty, easily!"
Anglago's confidence only served to heighten Yi-Han's concerns, especially considering the small ferry seemed barely capable of carrying ten.
"Good timing. Now that you’re here, Wardanaz, try boarding it!"
Yi-Han struggled to remain composed, his already cool demeanor turning colder.
Anglago flinched at his expression. 'Did I speak too harshly?'
"Before that... I'd like to see you row it alone. It won't be as easy with others aboard."
Anglago reacted enthusiastically to Yi-Han's words, quickly climbing aboard the ferry after tossing aside his coat.
"Watch this!"
He skillfully began rowing with well-carved oars in each hand, the sail-less ferry gliding smoothly over the lake's calm surface.
Anglago's friend watched in admiration. "Impressive, Anglago!"
Gliding as if he owned the lake, Anglago seemed truly free, evoking a sense of liberty in the White Tiger students, a feeling long forgotten. It was as if they were not at a magic academy but on some tranquil, beautiful lake.
'The boat doesn't leak.'
While the friends from the White Tiger were lost in the feeling, Yi-Han coolly analyzed the situation. The ferry didn't leak, and after more than ten minutes on the lake, there were no attacking monsters or skull principals. It seemed safe.
"What do you think, Wardanaz? Do you acknowledge Anglago's skill?"
"Sorry, but not yet."
"Why not?"
"Anyone can row alone. But can he do the same with another on board?"
Provoked by Yi-Han's challenge, Anglago's friend shouted, "Anglago! Wardanaz is asking if you can show the same skill with me aboard?"
"Of course!"
Anglago quickly brought the ferry back to shore and shouted as he took his friend aboard, "Watch this, Wardanaz!"
"Let's see. It's impossible to row the same with another person aboard," Yi-Han taunted.
Anglago, reacting effectively to the provocation, rowed even more vigorously than before, his muscles swelling with effort.
For over twenty minutes, Yi-Han goaded Anglago with comments like 'Still unsure,' 'Anyone can do this for a short time,' and 'Your true skill might soon be revealed.'
Having confirmed what he wanted, Yi-Han nodded. 'Perhaps I can befriend these White Tiger folks after all.'
"Huff... Huff... Huff... See... my... skill..."
"Yes, I admit defeat," he acknowledged.
Upon hearing Yi-Han's words, Anglago wanted to shout for joy but was too exhausted to do so. He could only pant heavily, lying sprawled on the grass.
After a considerable rest, Anglago finally regained enough strength to stand.
“Then let me ride it too.”
"...You too?"
Anglago let out a weak voice unintentionally, revealing his fear after several strenuous efforts at rowing.
Seeing his hesitation, Yi-Han offered simple encouragement. "Surely you're not lacking confidence..."
"Get on!"
With a sudden burst of energy, Anglago leaped up and boarded the ferry. His friend, Dukma, asked with a worried expression, "Wouldn't it be better if I got off?"
"Dukma! Don't you trust me?"
"...I'm sorry, Anglago. I have disrespected your honor!"
"Let's get moving."
Yi-Han spoke in a disinterested voice, indifferent to the knights' display of friendship.
'First, to ascertain the island's location.'
Now that he knew the ferry was reasonably safe, his next objective was to locate the island and secure a path to it.
Anglago gritted his teeth and began to row. Once again, the ferry slid over the surface of the lake.
Yi-Han frowned, concentrating on observing the surroundings.
'If only I had a telescope.'
It would have been much easier with an artifact or magic.
A memory of what Arlong had told him came to Yi-Han's mind:
-A master swordsman uses mana to activate and enhance their physical abilities. While not as refined or systematic as magic, this power is more than sufficient in a life-or-death melee.-
If this was true, perhaps it was possible to enhance his vision with mana.
Yi-Han gathered his mana.
He was not yet able to circulate and control the mana within his body to strengthen a single organ.
However, Yi-Han had an abundant supply of mana to squander.
He released the mana throughout his body, focusing it on his eyes, temporarily enhancing his vision.
"?!?!"
The two students beside him panicked as Yi-Han suddenly emitted a fierce aura.
They had forgotten something. They were on a lake! – a perfect place to dispose of a body!
In a rush, the two White Tiger students grabbed their wooden swords, fearing for their lives.
That's when Yi-Han exclaimed, "Found it!"
"??"
"I've located the island."
"What?! How did you find it!"
Anglago was astounded.
Even when building the ferry and after setting it afloat, they had not found any trace of the island.
They had thought it impossible to venture further without taking undue risks.
"Lucky, I suppose. But why are you holding your wooden swords?"
"..."
"...It was just a reflex, being startled by your sudden shout."
"Seems you're more scared than I thought."
The White Tiger students were almost in tears.
It was your sudden outburst of mana that startled us!
Yi-Han meticulously recorded the direction.
"Let's head back. Now that we've confirmed the direction, we can return later."
"Alright. Got it."
Anglago was inwardly relieved. His muscles had been screaming in protest for a while.
"Ugh."
Fatigued, Anglago clumsily missed a stroke with the oar.
'What's that?'
Startled by the sensation of something soft struck by the oar, Anglago flinched.
Splash-
"...???"
And soon, he would discover what he had hit.
From beneath the lake's surface, a bulging mass of water emerged, shifting its shape.
The presence of a spirit was palpable. It was a water spirit.
With a hiss, the water spirit launched sharp spikes of water. Yi-Han kicked Dukma's back, knocking him over just in time. The water spikes narrowly missed Dukma's head.
"I'm sorry, Wardanaz! It was me, I disturbed the water spirit!"
"Anglago! What have you done?"
Dukma, who had fallen forward, cried out in shock. Angering a water spirit on the lake was an unbelievable mistake.
'No... it doesn't seem angry.'
Unlike the panicked duo, Yi-Han coolly observed the spirit. Although fierce, it was much weaker compared to spirits like Ferkuntra. Lacking sophisticated communication abilities, it clearly wasn't a high-ranking spirit.
The emotion emanating from the spirit was... fear!
Yi-Han couldn't understand why the water spirit was afraid of them. Was it really scared just because it was hit by an oar?
'...Damn.'
Yi-Han cursed under his breath, realizing the truth. The culprit wasn't Anglago; it was Yi-Han himself. His earlier rampant release of mana to find the island had terrified the spirit in the water.
Whish, whish, whish!
The frightened spirit, trying to drive Yi-Han away, shot more water spikes. The White Tiger students screamed at the chilling attack, but Yi-Han, without even blinking, countered effortlessly with his staff. The water beads erupted from the lake, intercepting the spikes with dull thuds.
'At first glance, it seems threatening, but it's not really that strong.'
The White Tiger students were deceived by its appearance, but with calm reactions, they could have easily avoided or blocked the attacks. To Yi-Han, who had blocked Professor Boladi's attacks countless times, the spirit's spikes were no longer a threat.
'This... this guy...'
Anglago was more amazed by Yi-Han than the angered spirit. It was unbelievable that they had entered together and learned together. What kind of training did the Wardanaz family provide to turn someone into such an emotionless fighting machine?
Yi-Han turned his head and looked down expressionlessly at Anglago. Even as the water spikes flew menacingly, Yi-Han parried them without looking, making Anglago's heart sink.
"Pull yourself together and get up. I need your strength."
"Are you... not blaming me?"
"..."
Yi-Han was momentarily puzzled.
'Ah. He thinks it's his fault.'
Anglago mistakenly believed that the water spirit's behavior was due to him hitting it with an oar. Such a misconception.
"You are at fault. But anyone can make mistakes."
There was no need for Yi-Han to correct him.
"What matters is how you act afterward."
Anglago was moved without realizing it.
To think that there would come a day when he would be so touched by the words of Wardanaz...!
"Alright. Leave it to me!"
Anglago drew his sword and stood up. Yi-Han then asked, as if wondering what he was doing.
"What are you doing?"
"...Aren't I supposed to deflect the spikes? With my swordsmanship?"
"No. Row the boat."
"..."
Anglago sat back down and took hold of the oars.
Meanwhile, the water spirit realized that none of its attacks could harm this monstrous being.
Trembling, the water spirit made a different choice.
"...Wait!"
Yi-Han, realizing too late, tried to intervene urgently, but the water spirit had already begun summoning its companions.
"Shield, expand!"
Instead of water beads, Yi-Han spread out a broad shield.
The frightened water spirits began targeting not Yi-Han, but the ferry itself.
'Cowardly spirits.'
Yi-Han vowed never to let his guard down again in the face of water spirits.
As he thickened the water shield, Yi-Han maintained his composure, but the continuous assault of water spikes had the two White Tiger knights screaming in terror.
The opaque water shield barely held against the viciously striking spikes, leaving them wondering if it would penetrate at any moment.
Yi-Han's apparent ease made it all the more terrifying. Aren't you scared?!
'Professor Boladi would be in tears seeing this.'
Yi-Han was incredulous at the spirits' unvarying straight-line attacks.
By this point, they should have realized they couldn't breach the water shield, yet they kept repeating the same attacks?
Amidst the intense exchange, the ferry gained speed.
The distance between them and the frightened spirits began to widen.
"...Wait. Where are we heading?"
Yi-Han realized that the ferry was speeding towards the opposite side of the lake shore.
In his frantic rowing, Anglago had inadvertently directed them towards the island.



Chapter 99
Without a moment's hesitation or change of direction, the ferry sailed directly onto the soft sands of the island.
Unaware of their situation, Anglago and Dukma kept their heads down, continuing to row on the sandy beach.
They were terrified of an attack from the enraged water spirits.
Yi-Han began to regret sharing a boat with these men from the White Tiger.
He thought even Moradi would be smarter than these two, let alone Dolgyu...
"We're stranded, you fools."
"!"
Only then did Anglago realize that his oar was swimming on the soft sands.
Blushing with embarrassment, Anglago spoke.
"Khm. Still... we managed to escape."
"Right, Wardanaz. Look at the positive side. We've evaded the angry water spirits on the lake."
Instead of replying, Yi-Han simply flicked his staff.
It was a signal to get off and push the boat.
The two students thought it better to push the boat than to keep resisting.
...And they thought it was thanks to Wardanaz that they had managed to evade the water spirits...
"Wardanaz."
Carefully, Anglago spoke as he got out of the boat.
"Speak. I'm listening."
"Can we rest a bit on the island? I'm not tired, but my arms are a bit sore from rowing for so long..."
"I'm not tired either, but Wardanaz, you must have used a lot of mana... and the spirits might still be around..."
So, let's rest!
Yi-Han inwardly scoffed. These guys had a knack for beating around the bush.
"Do as you like."
"Th... thank you!"
Anglago was strangely grateful.
'Did he think I wouldn't allow it?'
Yi-Han was nonplussed by his reaction.
After all they did to save his life...
"?"
Yi-Han frowned at the dwarf student, Dukma, sensing something was off.
"Hey."
"What? Why? Are we leaving already?"
“I think you’ve gotten a little shorter.”
Dukma exploded in anger, his face reddening and trembling.
"How dare you?! Are you insulting me because no one is watching?! Do you think no one will stop you from attacking me?!"
'Should I just hit him?'
Yi-Han felt his grip tighten on the staff.
They should have been more cautious knowing there was no one around to intervene...
"No, Dukma! You've gotten shorter!"
"??!!"
Only after Anglago shouted did Dukma realize something was wrong.
It wasn't that he had gotten shorter.
Dukma was sinking into the sandy shoal.
"!"
Yi-Han's expression hardened. He hadn't noticed, busy surveying the island, but the rowboat was also sinking.
'Dangerous!'
Yi-Han realized his booted feet were sinking into the soft sand. Anglago tried to run in panic.
"Everyone, run to the front! We need to get off the sandbar!"
Before anyone could stop him, Anglago stepped forward hastily and sank even faster.
Submerged up to his waist in an instant, Anglago floundered as if trapped in a swamp.
'Too late.'
Yi-Han quickly gave up on Anglago and Dukma.
The only telekinesis magic Yi-Han could use was &lt;Lesser Control&gt;.
This magic was only strong enough to manipulate objects as small as a marble; it couldn't be applied to someone as big and heavy as Yi-Han.
The structure of the magic spell itself would break apart under the strain.
However...
"Move!"
Yi-Han firmly anchored an iron marble in the air. Grasping it with his other hand, he hoisted himself up.
His body rose above the sandbar, as if performing a one-handed pull-up.
Professor Boladi would have been pleased with this spectacle.
Originally, &lt;Lesser Control&gt;, a spell designed to control small objects like feathers or marbles, was not intended for combat.
There were more potent spells for telekinetic combat, though they took longer to cast.
No one, except for Professor Boladi, insisted on using a foundational spell like &lt;Lesser Control&gt; for combat.
Professor Boladi focused on the rapid casting time of such low-circle spells.
Whether a low or high-circle spell, a hit to a vital spot could be deadly. Why obsess over high-circle spells?
Efficiency was key.
With enough training, &lt;Lesser Control&gt; could be quite powerful!
Yi-Han was proving that, his body supported in mid-air by the steadfastly hovering iron marble.
He flew slowly above the sandbar, teeth clenched, maintaining the marble, while using his arms and back muscles. It was challenging in every aspect.
Thud!
Finally escaping the sandbar and landing on solid rock, Yi-Han turned around.
The rowboat had disappeared beneath the sandbar.
"Oh..."
Yi-Han muttered regretfully.
Then it dawned on him, Anglago and Dukma were gone too. Another regrettable matter.
'It must be the principal's trap.'
-There's no such thing as coincidence; everything is inevitable.-
If Yi-Han could inscribe a motto at the academy's main gate, it would be that, to warn the new students.
This island was the one skull principal had sent them to, where he had thrown the outing permit.
So, this inescapable sandbar must also be one of the skull principal's traps.
“Ssshh…”
“The freshman managed to escape, after all.”
As expected, a summoned beast appeared from the sandy beach with a low voice.
The negative energy radiating from its entire body revealed it to be an undead.
"Pleased to meet you."
“...You’re not shocked or unsettled?”
The undead summon, resembling a large walking turtle, was taken aback by Yi-Han's calm reaction.
Typically, freshmen would scream, wail, or even faint upon encountering an undead summon...
But this freshman was remarkably composed.
"I am surprised. What brings you here? What am I supposed to do?"
The undead summon was flustered by Yi-Han's direct questioning, having expected to explain first.
After regaining its composure, the summon spoke.
“Normally, you too should have sunk beneath the sandbar.”
"..."
Yi-Han had no intention of doing so, but he decided to listen.
The undead summon continued as the expressionless freshman nodded.
“Once sunk beneath the sandbar, the trial requiring the cooperation of the new students would begin.”
"Is that so..."
Yi-Han gripped his staff.
He felt no gratitude towards skull principal for creating such a 'friendly' space for students to bond.
After all, the principal was the very cause of this predicament.
As Yi-Han contemplated, the undead summon spoke again.
“As you escaped from the sandbar, I have explained directly to you.”
The undead summon, shaped like a turtle, spoke as if granting a favor.
And it was sincere.
Normally, Yi-Han would have been dragged back into the challenge, but this was an exception made in recognition of his cleverness.
"Now, go back in. You must pass the trial."
"What happens if I don't go in?" Yi-Han asked.
The undead summon retorted as if Yi-Han's question was absurd.
“Do you want to be dragged in forcibly? Just go back in.”
"Understood."
Yi-Han obediently rose from the rock. The undead summon nodded as if approving his decision.
At that moment, Yi-Han swung his staff.
"Move!"
With a flash, the iron marble shot out, striking the undead summon's skull precisely.
Yi-Han's surprise attack on the undead summon was not solely due to its arrogant and presumptuous speech.
'It's hard to trust those two.'
If it had been Dolgyu, Yi-Han might have chosen to go under the sandbar.
But with those two?
It seemed insane to comply readily.
It appeared more viable to seriously ambush and overpower the undead summon.
Thump!
A dull sound accompanied the shattering of bones.
However, naturally, the undead summon, being not alive, didn't fall from a mere skull fracture. It shouted in anger.
“Freshman, how dare you do this?”
"I'm sorry. It was my mistake. An accident."
As Yi-Han apologized earnestly, the undead summon momentarily thought it was a genuine mistake.
But then came another attack. The iron marble charged in like a cannonball.
The undead summon hastily summoned sand to form a wall.
But the marble circled swiftly without hesitation.
And struck the undead summon's skull once more.
Thump!!
The undead summon staggered and grew extremely angry.
“How dare a freshman mock me?!”
"I hide in the night!"
Yi-Han cast an invisibility spell and ran to the side, simultaneously casting another spell.
"Feet, grasp the earth!!"
As the principal's magic was cast, the summon, called forth by the principal, recognized its energy and was shocked.
“How could someone like you use the master's magic? Did you steal it!? Such insolence!”
'A summon that overly admires its master.'
Yi-Han ran swiftly.
His physical abilities, enhanced by &lt;Gonadaltes' Agile Steps&gt;, brought vigor.
Staying still while invisible was as good as asking to be caught.
"Go!"
Yi-Han summoned the leopard bone summon. Much larger than before, the leopard bone summon barked robustly and dashed across the sandbar.
“A summon that hasn't even found a body dares to challenge me!”
The undead summon, with an angry voice, swung its front paw. The leopard bone creature was flung away along with the sand.
The undead summon began scattering sand toward where Yi-Han had been.
“Freshman, I acknowledge your cunning. But that's as far as you go!”
Scattering sand in all directions, the undead summon headed toward Yi-Han's last known location.
It was determined to capture him, even if he had fled to the interior of the island.
“Here? Or... here? No, not here. Here!”
The undead summon made noisy sounds, pressuring Yi-Han.
It wasn't really finding him, but trying to scare him into revealing himself.
The undead summon continued making noise, scattering sand at likely hiding places.
However, the summon was unaware.
Yi-Han had never intended to flee into the interior of the island.
What could he possibly expect to find inside that would warrant escape?
Swoosh!
Yi-Han, who had been hiding nearby, suddenly burst out.
His sword, made of black purplestone, called Morning Star, swung and sliced through the supporting legs of the heavy-bodied summon.
As Dawnstar absorbed the negative energy, the undead summon's legs, weakened and devoid of power, were reverse-summoned away.
Losing its balance, the undead summon fell to the side with a loud crash.
“This... this freshman...!”
The undead summon, stunned by the ambush, cried out in disbelief.
“A mage using an anti-magic weapon, have you lost your mind! Are you even a mage, freshman!”
'...'
Yi-Han decided to ignore it.
Not because he had no response, but because he had resolved to disregard it from the start.
And he truly did.



Chapter 100
Anti-Magic Weapons.
Weapons imbued with the power to absorb or disperse mana.
Such weapons were commonly used by swordsmen who often faced mages, or by the anti-magic extremists of the Empire.
At the very least, they were not meant for freshmen at a magic academy.
'But the one who gave this to me was the principal of the academy,' Yi-Han thought to himself, quickly justifying his possession of the weapon. He swung the sword again with renewed vigor.
"Curses! Why would the master admit such a freshman to the academy...! This insolent brat should be expelled immediately!"
Yi-Han almost retorted without thinking, 'Your master taught me this way.'
'It was dangerous. This thing is quite adept at manipulating people.
Indeed, as if to prove it's not just someone's summon, it was skilled at manipulating the enemy's emotions.'
Crack!
The undead summon, slashed twice by the Morning Star, had lost a significant amount of mana.
Even a powerful undead summon wasn't immortal. Depleting all its mana would inevitably lead to it being unsummoned.
Realizing that its opponent, despite being a freshman, fought with a crazed proficiency, the undead summon changed its strategy.
It started to surround itself with summoned sand, forming a kind of armor.
“I will no longer consider you a mere freshman. In the name of my honorable name given by my master, Giorvan the Second, I shall defeat you!”
'It had a name?' Yi-Han pondered. Usually, a summon with a name meant it was well-crafted.
He slightly regretted not being gentler, thinking, 'Maybe I should have gone easier on it.'
"Show yourself, mage! If you do not reveal yourself immediately, know that I have plans of my own."
Yi-Han, of course, ignored this and increased the distance between them.
Giorvan the Second struck the ground with its forepaw, and cones of sand began to form in the air.
"I warned you!"
Giorvan the Second's strategy was simple.
It created a barrage of sand projectiles around it to prevent Yi-Han from approaching.
Although a single hit would be enough to break bones, Giorvan the Second no longer considered its opponent a mere freshman and showed no mercy.
As the sand cones flew, shattering the surrounding bushes and twigs, Yi-Han had no choice but to retreat even further.
'I need to inflict more damage before it recovers.'
Delaying the fight was to the summon's advantage. Yi-Han reconsidered his strategy.
Beads of iron or water lacked destructive power, and lightning magic, while powerful, was ineffective against the sand armor.
'Rotating it like I did last time... it's too risky. He won't wait for that.'
A way to startle the solidly entrenched opponent, to disrupt its magic and create an opening.
Did Yi-Han have such a method?
"..."
Actually, he did.
He had been warned by professors and spirits alike not to use it because it was dangerous...
But a situation like this was something neither professors nor spirits could have anticipated.
"Blaze forth!"
What was he thinking...
As Yi-Han cast a 1st circle fire ignition spell from behind, Giorvan the Second started to turn its head in disbelief.
“What could you possibly achieve with such a candle flame?”
…
But when Giorvan the Second turned its head, the flame that met it was significantly larger than a mere candle.
"Cough!"
Anglago and Dukma coughed up a mix of sand as they crawled across the sandy beach.
Moments ago, they had been dragged into an unknown dungeon and buried up to their necks, only to suddenly reappear on the beach.
Their mouths were dry and gritty, as if they had swallowed sand in the process.
"What happened... to Wardanaz?"
From afar, Yi-Han staggered towards them.
Wardanaz appeared in a state utterly unlike his usual self, disheveled and unkempt. His hair was a mess, and one arm, seemingly injured in a fight, was braced with a splint. This only made his typically shadowy face seem even more expressionless and cold.
Anglago was more shocked than when the skull principal had appeared on the mountain at midnight. What could have possibly happened to Wardanaz?
'How did someone manage to inflict such damage on him!?'
"Wardanaz! Are you alright?"
"Stay away from me."
Yi-Han grimaced as he spoke. It was never a good idea to let foes, especially weakened ones, get too close.
However, the students of the White Tiger seemed to misinterpret his intent.
"We're fine."
"We won't back down like before! We're here to help!"
"..."
Watching the figures hustling across the sand, Yi-Han considered striking first.
'No. It's better to keep at least one of them around, considering what might still be on the island.'
"What happened?"
Yi-Han gave them a brief explanation about Giorvan the Second, the summon of the skull principal, who had been lurking in the sinking sands.
He remained vigilant, ready to strike first if any of the White Tiger students reached for their weapons.
But Anglago and Dukma, foolishly, didn't seize this perfect opportunity for revenge. They were truly naive.
"Wardanaz. Let me take a look at your arm. I'm an expert in such matters," Dukma said earnestly.
Students from knightly families generally knew basic emergency treatment and bone-setting. Dukma, particularly skilled in this area, had even joined the magic academy to specialize in healing magic.
"I've already taken care of it," Wardanaz replied.
"Wardanaz. Among the students of the White Tiger, no one is better than... Wait. You really did a good job."
Dukma, intending to persuade Yi-Han, ended up convincing himself instead. The first aid was indeed impeccably done.
...But why was Wardanaz, not of a knightly family, so proficient?
"There might still be something lacking. Let me check..."
"Why bother, Dukma? If you undo this fine splint, it'll only cause more trouble."
Anglago halted Dukma, who was persistently trying to help but eventually gave up and stepped back.
"Ugh...!"
Yi-Han withdrew his arm and glared coldly at Dukma.
Indeed, one could never let their guard down around the students of the White Tiger.
"Wardanaz. Did you... defeat that undead summon?"
"Yes."
"!"
Anglago and Dukma couldn't hide their astonishment. They had suspected, but now it was confirmed. Yi-Han had single-handedly defeated the summon placed by the skull principal on the sandbank.
'So that's why his arm was broken...'
'It must have been an intense battle.'
They imagined the scene in their minds: Yi-Han of the Wardanaz family, a first-year student who had mastered various secrets of dark magic. On the other side, Giorvan the Second, the undead tortoise serving the skull principal, master of the sandbank.
A fierce exchange of dark magic beyond their wildest imaginations must have taken place.
As they surveyed the surroundings, the extent of the battle's ferocity was evident, from the trees to the bushes, everything lay in utter disarray.
Truly impressive!
Anglago stared intently at the burnt remains nearby. The extent of the damage, from the ground to the fallen trees, was extraordinary.
"Did you do this as well?"
Yi-Han nodded in affirmation.
Anglago struggled to conceal his surprise.
He couldn't fathom what kind of flame magic could have scorched the entire area like this.
Presumably, the injury to Wardanaz's arm was a result of using such powerful flame magic against the attacking undead summon.
Among those from knightly families, few could stand and fight in such circumstances.
While many students from the White Tiger only focused on Wardanaz's sinister and prodigious magic skills...
Anglago had to admit, the courage displayed by Wardanaz was rare, even among the students of the White Tiger.
'Incredible...!'
However, the actual battle had unfolded a bit differently than Anglago imagined.
“What a foolish guy!”
When Yi-Han summoned a flame so vast it engulfed the surroundings, Giorvan the Second panicked.
In truth, if Giorvan the Second had remained calm and composed, it could have countered Yi-Han's attack.
The flame was immense but lacked precise control.
Moreover, Giorvan the Second could have summoned enough sand to block it. All it needed was to reinforce its sandy armor and hold its ground.
But, flustered, Giorvan the Second made a mistake. In haste, it dispersed its sandy armor, trying to extinguish the fire prematurely.
Yi-Han didn't miss this opportunity.
The sword technique he learned from Arlong, the Azure Rock Style, unfurled from the tip of his sword, delivering a massive, rock-like blow to Giorvan the Second.
It wasn't a mere strike that blew off a leg, as before. This blow struck Giorvan the Second's entire body, absorbing all its remaining mana and leading to it being reverse-summoned.
Giorvan the Second growled in frustration.
“Wait and see, freshman. I will remember your name. What is it?”
"...I am Jijel of the Moradi family."
“Remember that, Moradi! Next time we meet, I won't go easy on you just because you're a freshman!”
"..."
Yi-Han watched as Giorvan the Second dissipated, not letting his guard down.
Because of this, he reacted late when a tree behind him broke and fell.
Already hit by a sand cone and caught in the fire, the tree couldn't hold and collapsed.
"…!"
Yi-Han responded too late, inevitably striking his arm hard.
Wincing from the throbbing pain, Yi-Han cursed Giorvan the Second inwardly.
'Damn it. Because of that undead summon... should have just died quietly.'
"Wardanaz. You could have just given up... Why did you fight like that?"
Anglago asked, not realizing he had spoken aloud.
Why didn't he just surrender and be dragged under the sands? He couldn't understand.
"Well..."
Yi-Han was about to say 'I didn't want to face the trials with you guys' but hesitated.
Provoking two knights while unable to use one arm was not wise.
"...To give up like that would be dishonorable."
Yi-Han had recently realized that the word 'honor' was surprisingly useful.
-Wardanaz, I can't find that passage in the book anywhere. Can't we just give up?-
-That would be dishonorable.-
-Wardanaz, I feel bad always relying on you. I'll try to sort it out myself.-
-That would be dishonorable.-
-Yi-Han, I can't solve this at all. Can't I just copy it?-
-If you don't want to get hit, shut up and work it out.-
-Why only me...!-
Whenever he was in a bind, attaching 'honor' to his response usually led others to interpret it positively.
The students of the White Tiger were no exception.
"...I see...!"
"The honor of the Wardanaz family..."
Anglago and Dukma nodded heavily, their faces showing understanding.
The Wardanaz family was known for its merciless and ruthless nature, but equally recognized for the weight of its honor.
For Wardanaz, bearing the honor of such a family, such actions were natural.
'He may be an enemy of the White Tiger, but I must acknowledge that.'
'He might be the enemy of knights, but that is indeed commendable.'
"Wardanaz. While your arm heals, we will be your arm!"
"Here, give me your backpack! I'll carry it for you!"
"If anyone touches my backpack, they'll end up with broken bones."
"..."
"..."
"It was a joke."
Until Yi-Han revealed it was a joke, the two students from the White Tiger were frozen, not even breathing.
What a deadly serious way to make a joke.
"Right, right? It was just a joke, wasn't it?"
"To joke with such a serious face... Ha-ha. Ha-ha-ha."
"What face are you talking about?"
"Nothing. Let's go, Wardanaz!"
Dukma hastily took the lead and walked ahead.
Watching this, Yi-Han asked Anglago.
"Does that guy know the way?"
"...Dukma! Where are you going? Come back!"