Report
                            
                            "Multiple Telepathy and Battle Tactics", this title instantly attracted Eddie. An intermediate wizard apprentice could only contract one familiar. Although there was a master-slave contract that could contract multiple creatures, the specific number of contracted creatures was related to the wizard's spiritual strength, but this kind of contracted creatures could not be controlled easily.The creatures of master-slave contract and the wizard themselves did not have telepathy, so they could only be commanded like a mortal commanding a hound.Eddie turned to the page where the paper was located. Looking at the first paragraph, his eyes gradually lit up."As long as it is an animated life created by the wizard himself, it can achieve telepathy between the wizard and the animated life. We can create a large number of unanimated Gargoyles and let the wizard apprentices who bought the Gargoyles activate the magic array to achieve multiple telepathy. It can make it possible to command multiple contracted creatures to fight through telepathy. "So that's how it is, Eddie thought in his heart. This theory was very simple, but it would be very difficult if he did not think of it.Eddie looked at the author again, Polina, a member of the Congress of Magic, and his heart was even more clear. Only she would spend so much effort to delve into the application of the Gargoyles.After all, Polina had earned a lot of magic stones by relying on the patent of the Gargoyles and became an advanced wizard apprentice. In the territory of the wizard tower, her deeds were known by everyone.Just when Eddie was reading the paper, Carlo touched the silver blessing mark on his forehead and looked at the floating iron bowl in front of him. He was as happy as a three hundred pound fatty."Congratulations, Carlo, you have achieved spiritual overclocking and become a quasi-wizard apprentice."Touching the secondary magic stone, the wizard apprentice who was responsible for giving the official citizens the secondary spiritual blessing smiled and handed Carlo a magic book to help Carlo contract with the Firebringer Aise."You can practice according to the five-step meditation method or the Mind Stream training method. As long as your spiritual power reaches one unit, you can use the extremely simple meditation method to meditate. You will be qualified to enter the elementary magic school and get the corresponding magic robe and magic badge."Carlo respectfully took "Introduction to Wizards" and bowed again to thank the apprentice. Leaving the door of the government office, Carlo was full of ambition. Today was the beginning of his extraordinary life!At this moment, his magic book suddenly became hot.Carlo opened the magic book and found that the last page was flashing, and a line of words appeared."Firebringer Aise, please gather all the sorcerer-apprentices in Luminous City in the castle hall. You must arrive before sunset."On the third floor of the west tower of the castle, all 57 advanced sorcerer-apprentices of the wizard tower were gathered here.

"Lord Firebringer, after many simulations, the official Magus promotion ceremony is ready."Bayern bowed slightly and said to Aise."The magic array in the castle's hall has been set up. The core of the magic network and the crystal ball have been placed in the center of the magic array."Dana said respectfully to Aise."All Sorcerer-Apprentices have been notified. There are 1131 people in the entire Wizard Tower's territory who have overclocked their mental power. 1021 of them are in Luminous City."Betty chimed in.Aise looked at the 56 advanced apprentices present. This was the reason why he had the confidence to become an official wizard.Thirty of them had stabilized their psychic scale to 1, twenty of them had reached 2, and six of them had reached 5.In addition, there were more than 200 intermediate apprentices and 700 beginner apprentices. It was enough to start a promotion experiment.After three months of using the magic network, Aise had accumulated a wealth of experimental data. All kinds of situations, the peak, trough, and mode of the soul resonance, as well as the corresponding scatterplot, had been recorded.As the sun gradually set, the sorcerer-apprentices arrived at the castle hall one after another.Under the illumination of the controllable light ball, the hall with the transparent dome was as bright as day. Under the command of Bayern, the apprentices found their positions in the magic array one after another.The whole magic array was composed of dream, focus, imprint, and other parts. Aise floated above the huge crystal ball and opened the vision of spiritual perception. At the same time, he got in touch with the projection in the crystal ball."Dream clone, link with all the imprints in the crystal ball."Aise said telepathically.Suddenly, a colorful light burst out from the huge crystal ball, and then it was shrouded in fog. All the sorcerer-apprentices present felt a sharp shock in their spirit.If someone could see through the colorful fog in the crystal ball, they would find that one of the light balls had received more than a thousand imprints and sent out spiritual chains that were linked to each imprint."Apprentices, please press your hand on the second page of the magic book and connect to the magic network."Aise said with the Loudness spell on top of the crystal ball.As the apprentices connected, in the vision of spiritual perception, more than a thousand spiritual chains went straight to the huge crystal ball and connected with the imprints.

The spirit bodies of the apprentices gradually left their bodies and entered the crystal ball.Only thick invisible chains connected their spirit bodies to their physical bodies. These were the chains of laws, and they disappeared in an instant.Aise did not pay too much attention to it. Under the command of the dream clone, the apprentices had formed a local area network with the consciousness of 56 advanced apprentices as the core.The local area network led by the consciousness of 56 advanced apprentices was like a star orbiting around the mirror image of the dream clone.As the number of links increased day by day, the network area became more complex and deeper.Aise, as the root of consciousness, also started to link with the consciousness of every apprentice. Buzz!With the strong resonance on the soul level, Aise's body gradually landed on the magic array, and his spirit body consciousness entered the crystal ball.With the addition of the root of consciousness, the whole network became a double-hooded consciousness network space. The internal structure became more and more complicated, and the strange fog became thicker and thicker.Different from the magic network, each of the apprentices had their own independent dream space, and in the public dream space, a "magical fantasy land" was simulated, but the consciousness network was still independent.This kind of stable consciousness network space was more like the subconscious sea. Although the apprentices retained their individual bodies, as a group, they also developed a consciousness.This collective consciousness was integrated by the "root of consciousness" and the "mirror image of the root of consciousness", led by 56 "main consciousness", and finally formed an indescribable magical phenomenon."Meditation begins!"With the command of the "root of consciousness", the consciousness of the apprentices on each node started to meditate. Magic power flowed into their bodies through the magic array, and then through the invisible chain of law, it exchanged with their spirit body consciousness.The entire consciousness network space, which was the giant dreamy crystal ball, started to gather magic power. The magic power moved in an orderly rhythm, as if it was brewing some kind of change.Every node was absorbing magic power, strengthening their souls, and nourishing their bodies through the chain of soul and body.There was always some magic power that overflowed and flowed along the spiritual network, and soon it covered the entire spiritual network. In the double-hooded spiritual network space, a unique magic power environment was formed.This magic power had part of the apprentices' imprints, and after being washed repeatedly in the network, it absorbed the unique flow of information emitted by Aise. In the end, it formed a unique magic power with the collective characteristics of all the apprentices present, with Aise's information flow as the main one and the other apprentices' information flow as the support.

Along with the extreme rhythm of the magic power, a high-magic power environment gradually formed in the crystal ball, and the magic power boiled!Every apprentice on the node felt this boiling. This boiling was on the level of the soul, and it led their souls to slowly sublimate.Aise's soul also felt this liveliness. Wave after wave of gathered magic power washed over Aise like tidewater, and the solidified spiritual scale gradually loosened. The spiritual power that was infinitely close to the tenth scale was blocked by some kind of mysterious dam, and it could not break through.At this moment, it seemed like the dam was being washed by a torrential flood of gathered magic power, and it slowly began to break.Aise felt that some kind of limit seemed to have been broken, and he seemed to have sensed the cheers of the apprentices' subconscious hidden in the Sea of Reality and Illusion. Everything was going so smoothly, and it seemed like becoming an official wizard was just at hand!In a place where Aise's consciousness did not notice, above the magic array.Aise's body was drying up little by little, and his tight and strong muscles became somewhat shriveled. His even breathing became disordered, and the chain of law that connected his body and soul was faintly discernible, and seemed to be getting thinner and thinner.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login