Report
                            
                            "Do you think no one knows that faith can speed up the formation of Godhood and Priesthood and promote communication with the Originator?Although the path of faith can quickly get close to the Originator and become stronger, you will also be driven by the faith of the believers. Even if the faith is pure and devout, it will only make you a God with rules and completely lose your self.Pontos, my youngest son, you have disappointed me. "The tone of the Lord of the Ocean, Ghana, was even calmer. Hidden within his tone was a towering rage that exuded formless power, causing Pontos to tremble."Father, I was wrong!""You have to take the right path to go further. A God who has lost his self is no longer a God, but a puppet of the mortal ants.His Majesty decided to divide the City-state in this round of civilization to create a large number of Priesthood for the new Gods to use, because we need new power to fight against the strong enemies that are coming.I know you have your eyes on the Priesthood of the Murlocs and Half-Mermaids. As your father, I can only tell you that the race has great potential, but it is different from a territory. Once the race is destroyed, you will fall too.You have to integrate with the surrounding sea. I think you have to work hard to understand the Priesthood of the Salya Coastal Region. I hope that your final Priesthood will be the God of the Salya Coastal Region, Murlocs and Half-Mermaids.This way, if anything happens to the Murlocs, you can rely on me to maintain your Priesthood. "The Lord of the Ocean, Ghana, looked at Pontos with his deep eyes. His calm words carried the love of a father."Thank you for your concern, my Father. I will take the Priesthood of the Salya Coastal Region! "Pontos said resolutely."That's good. Although the Kaya World is young, the path of the Kaya Gods is much better than the Gods of other worlds. Don't go astray.Don't worry about using your descendants, let them manage the City-state and suppress all disobedience.As for the descendants, most of them want to suppress the other transcendents born among the humans, such as your priests. This is not what we need to care about. Let them fight, this is what His Majesty wants.If the rule of the descendants is overthrown, the new power will still have to bow to the power of the Gods and dance according to our script.If they don't, then destroy them. "The Lord of the Ocean continued to teach Pontos. This youngest son of his was rarely by his side. It was rare for him to ask for a favor, so the Lord of the Ocean decided to teach him how to think as a god.

"Why does Your Majesty wish for the humans to fight amongst themselves?" Pontos asked curiously."Heh, His Majesty doesn't only wish for human infighting. Do you know why Hell and the Abyss were not destroyed by the gods? They kept invading the World Inner. Did the gods really not have the power to completely wipe them out?The mighty power of a Titan Main God was enough to create the Netherworld, contain the Abyss and Hell, and make them fight an eternal bloody war.Right now, we have 12 Titan Core Gods and over 30 ordinary Core Gods. Can't we wipe them out completely? "The Lord of the Ocean, Ghana, stood up and pressed his hand on Pontos' head. Through the Titan Core God's unique power, a message that no one could see was transmitted to Pontos."My youngest son, you must remember the following information in your heart. You must not tell anyone.The King of Gods and the Queen of Gods, my brother and sister, what is their priesthood?Amidst the creation and destruction of countless civilizations, the King of Gods who wielded the authority of destruction and the Queen of Gods who wielded the authority of life and creation had obtained unimaginable gains. Their power had far surpassed that of the other Titan Core Gods.Where there is creation, there is destruction. Where there is a beginning, there is an end. And the end is a new beginning. After destruction, new creation can be born.They were indeed a match made in heaven. That was why His Majesty allowed the Abyss and Hell, as well as the changes of civilization. He allowed everything new and everything old. Because no matter what it was, it would be led to the end!Even in the previous civilization, the rebellious son of the King of Gods, Agustín, relied on the help of the Goddess of Hope and the Originator's favor to unify the continent and become a demigod. He also used the status of the Empire to obtain the power of a Titan Core God in the World Inner. However, he still could not avoid the end.Agustín's life had provided the King of Gods and the Queen of Gods with unimaginable gains.Even Agustín had failed. Who else in the World Inner was worthy of His Majesty the King of Gods' vigilance? All new lives are his resources. His Majesty's eyes are no longer on the World Inner. He has already set his sights on the Astral Sea outside the World Inner. "It was the middle of winter in the Lar Mountains. Snow and ice had completely covered the mountains.Although the Lar Mountains were covered in snow all year round, except for a few places, the Lar Mountains were even more dangerous and desperate in winter. The few plants that were left withered, and the hungry monsters and barbarians were the most dangerous hunters in the mountains.

Betty was driving the Type I Apprentice in the middle of the group. She adjusted the structure of the machine and slowly released the heat and steam from the conversion of magic power. Therefore, a large group of people gathered around her."It's so warm beside Betty," Donna said as she sat on the back of the Type I Apprentice. She watched Betty cut the dead wood in front of her with a strange giant sword. "Knight Anzesta is also warm. He's still helping others at this time."At the end of the group, many people did not bring thick clothes because they were in too much of a hurry to escape from the Northern Fortress. They were not wizard apprentices and did not absorb magic power through meditation. Their bodies were only at the level of mortals, and many of them were suffering from frostbite.Anzesta and Arnaud were holding hands with the people at the end of the group. In this way, they were sharing the warmth of the knight's Heart Force with others."It's so warm. I feel full of courage and confidence!"Said a middle-aged man. The frostbite on his body was gradually getting better under the warmth of Arnaud's Heart Force. Fa Zi's face was starting to heat up from the cold. Her complexion was also getting better."We will definitely make it to our new home and build a magic town that belongs to the Wizard Academy!"This was a wizard apprentice from a few years ago. He had not completed the preliminary magic transformation and did not have any inherent magic power. Although his body was much stronger than ordinary people, he did not have enough warm clothes. He was shivering in this world of ice and snow."I feel so peaceful in my heart. Everything is so beautiful."This was a middle-aged woman, the mother of a wizard apprentice. She was now holding the handsome Anzesta's left hand tightly. She was affected by the Heart Force, and her body and mind became peaceful.Olli looked at the people holding hands with Anzesta and Arnaud. Her eyes flashed with relief. Arnaud still liked to help people!Unfortunately, inherent magic power was very different from a knight's Heart Force. It could not provide warmth to ordinary people. Instead, due to the strong invasion of magic power, it could cause harm to ordinary people.Therefore, Olli could only watch and not do anything.