Report
                            
                            The hungry crowd couldn't wait to receive the special food and hot water from the barbarians. They gulped down the hot water while gnawing on the hot food. Once again, Ace felt a sense of joy as he looked at the lively crowd.Giving them a certain amount of help would also make him happy. He needed more positive energy and emotions to suppress the negative effects of the Abyss Whispers.While everyone was eating, Bayern, who was wearing a gray robe and covered in dust, walked towards Ace with an excited expression on his face.He bowed to Aise and took out the copy of the core spellbook."Respected Lord Firebringer, following your guidance, Apostle Bayern has fulfilled his mission and assisted you in guiding everyone to their new home. I now return the spellbook to you."After speaking, he held the spellbook flat with both hands and handed it to Aise."My Apostle Bayern, you have done well."Aise picked up the copy of the spellbook and praised Bayern slightly. He had already remembered it in his heart and didn't need to say much. Bayern would receive everything he deserved in the future Sorcerer Tower and the magic society.After everyone had eaten their fill, Aise led them into a settlement full of tribal characteristics.The houses here were built with wood as the framework. The mud was compacted and dried under the sun. Then, a thick layer of straw was placed on the roof. A layer of fertile mud was brushed on top of the straw. After being exposed to the sun, mud houses with barbarian characteristics were built.Everyone didn't have time to appreciate this primitive barbarian style. Exhausted, they entered the house and fell asleep on the thick grass on the mud bed.At night, the lively sound of singing and dancing could be heard outside. The sorcerer-apprentices were all sleeping soundly without any signs of waking up.Although the mirror image had already used the spell-like effect of "Magic Trick" to discover and eliminate the traitor, in order to be cautious, Ace took advantage of the fact that they were asleep to give them hints and Forgotten Hammer one by one. In the end, he confirmed that everyone was indeed safe and reliable.He couldn't help but be a little surprised. After several hints and willpower checks, he confirmed that Sulu wasn't a traitor.However, after thinking about it carefully, Sulu's nature was selfish. As a selfish person, cooperating with a descendant of god who was hostile to wizard apprentices was not in line with his understanding.Because of his selfishness, unless there was a better alternative, or the wizard faction was completely hopeless, he would be loyal to Sulu.Aise ordered his men to wake up the apprentices one by one, and brought them to participate in a primitive singing and dancing performance, so that they could relax their nervousness and fear along the way.

They walked out of the room and found that the barbarians in the new settlement were dancing and singing around the bonfire. Through Aise's "hint" and the explanation of the barbarian leaders, they believed that this group of wizard apprentices were the disciples of the most powerful shaman, Aise.This made them respect and fear Aise even more. They had never seen such a powerful shaman with close to a hundred disciples. In private, they began to call Aise the Great Shaman.Because most of the barbarian shamans were temperamental, they didn't dare to get close.They could only follow the will of the Great Shaman Aise and hold a traditional festival. In the open space by the river, they sang and danced around the bonfire. Although it was a performance, when there were more people, the atmosphere became lively, and it really became joyful."Only when you learn how to enjoy yourself can you learn and research better.Tension and relaxation can fully mobilize people's enthusiasm and initiative. Please forget the tiredness of the journey, forget the mathematical problems, forget the runes that can't be analyzed, forget the damn spell models, and enjoy this primitive joy to your heart's content! "Aise said with a joyful tone, coupled with his signature spell "hint", and made all the wizard apprentices "voluntarily" join the singing and dancing team.Looking at the people who were under his control and fell into a sea of joy, Aise smiled happily.This was the human nature he wanted. To be in control of oneself, to have great power, to consider everything from his own point of view, to manipulate others, to bring about changes little by little, and to constantly enjoy the body and mind.After that, he spent a lot of effort and time to hypnotize the merry apprentices, barbarians, and friends of the apprentices. He then held a magic contract ceremony with the barbarians and apprentices' friends and friends — a loyalty contract.According to the contract, these people had to pledge their loyalty to Aise and were forbidden to leak any information about Aise's people, the wizard community, the wizard tower and the magic town in the future. Otherwise, the power of the contract would harvest their souls.As the night deepened, the merry by the bonfire gradually came to an end. Aise looked at the quiet settlement with a deep gaze.Early in the morning, the birds in the valley made crisp sounds. In the lush primitive forest, Aise led a group of wizard apprentices and walked upstream along the edge of a gurgling stream.In front of a spacious and quiet open space, Aise ordered the apprentices to stop.He used a strange tone and said in a language that no one could understand, "Withered branches and grass, return, spread, divide, transform, cashmere carpet."

With Aise's mind power that was infinitely close to the level of a hero, and his hands were waving along with the rhythm of the magic power. The withered branches and grass around all flew to the open space and quickly spread into a thick layer.Then slowly wriggled, merged into a whole piece, and then divided into small pieces. Under the influence of the magic power and Aise's mind, they transformed into hundreds of small checkered carpets that almost covered the entire open space."Apprentices, please take a seat."Aise stood by the river opposite the carpet array and pointed at the carpet on the open space and said to the apprentices.The group of wizard apprentices sat on the open space with some confusion. Betty, who had double ponytails with blonde hair, bent forward in disappointment. Her delicate little face had completely collapsed. She still hadn't recovered from the crippling of a type 1 apprentice.Warren stared at Aise with great interest. The freckles on his face were also slightly red because of excitement. He had a premonition that the Firebringer was about to start his lecture again."How do you feel about our new home? Everyone, feel free to speak freely and relax. "Aise said warmly. He also used his usual "hint" spell to induce the apprentices to speak their true thoughts."It's so desolate here.""It has a primitive tribal style. Overall, it's quite barbaric.""It's very backward. I feel a little depressed.""Are we going to live in this desolate place forever?""I really want to go back to the civilized world …"The apprentices spoke out their thoughts one by one, but they still didn't realize it.Ace, on the other hand, was smiling as he listened to their complaints. A new world was, in fact, a barren land. It was normal for there to be differences."Very good. Everyone is very honest. Sincerity is the foundation of communication. You have to keep this good habit in the future.Maybe you all think that this valley is desolate, and there are only a few thousand stupid barbarians who don't speak the same language living here. Our future is to be with these barbarians in the wilderness.I want to say that you're wrong!To you, this is a desolate and primitive jungle. But to me, this is a blank picture! "