Report
                            
                            At night, on the west side of Luminous City, outside the magic castle.Leon was waiting outside the front gate of the castle. As the front gate creaked open, Bayern walked out. He was wearing a loose black magic robe and leather boots. His hair was white, and he had a short white beard. His eyes were full of vigor.Bayern nodded slightly to Leon. Leon quickly bowed and reached out his hands to shake Bayern's dry hands.Bayern took Leon's hand and led him into the hall. He said to him, "Lord Firebringer is waiting for you on the first floor of the tower on the west side of the hall. I'll lead the way."Leon raised his head and looked at the night sky outside the transparent dome of the hall. Hundreds of controllable light balls were floating near the dome of the hall. In the hall, which was almost as big as the entire castle, dozens of sorcerer-apprentices were scattered in all directions. They were eating and discussing something.Some of the apprentices seemed to be discussing something intensely. They directly used their power of the will to draw runes in the air, as if they were comparing something.Bang!Several runes in front of an apprentice failed to form a spell model. Instead of forming a spell model, it caused a magic disturbance and directly injured several apprentices.Bayern looked at them with a headache. As a student and teacher of the school, he had excellent spells. Bayern had a high prestige among the apprentices. After Aise led the apprentices to establish an autonomous organization, Bayern was the first president of the apprentice association.Bayern rubbed his forehead and said to Leon, "Please wait for a moment. I'll go take care of some small problems."Bayern took a step forward. Almost in an instant, the spell model appeared. The magic power of Catapult Leg was concentrated in his legs. He quickly bounced to the injured apprentices.Bayern could be said to be the first one to play with water among all the apprentices. He activated the Secondary Greater Nourishment spell. With the rhythm of magic power, fog began to rise.The mist carried a rich aura of life. With a point of Bayern's finger, the mist gushed into the bodies of several injured Apprentice Adepts, quickly nourishing them.Being nourished by the mist, their injuries were healing at a speed visible to the naked eye. The injuries of the Sorcerer-Apprentice who had caused trouble had already recovered, but his face was still pale. His big nose sniffled for a moment, as if he was afraid of something.Bayern's expression was grave and stern as he said, "Beginner Sorcerer-Apprentice Eddie, improperly operating a rune in the castle hall, causing an explosion that injured four people. Ten social practice points will be deducted.""No! I used Secondary Mud to Rock to transform ten thousand mud bricks, and I only got ten points. "Eddie's face was completely drained of blood, and he instantly lost his soul.

Bayern was unmoved. He said to Eddie gently, "The public hall is a place for dining and discussion. If you want to experiment with spells, you can go to the combat training ground. The school rules are the school rules. You have violated the school rules, so you can only be punished."After saying this, Bayern ignored Eddie, who was in a daze, and turned around to walk towards Leon.Leon looked at the spacious hall, feeling the magic power that he could not perceive. He took a deep breath, and his eyes were filled with longing.This was the power of magic. This was the world of magic. He was obviously in it, but there was a layer separating him. He also wanted to become an Apprentice Adepts.Just as Leon's thoughts returned, Bayern had already walked in front of him and said to him, "Let's go. The tower is in this direction."Bayern sent Leon to Aise's tower. After respectfully bowing to Aise, he slowly retreated. Leon approached Aise and found that there was already someone waiting there.Aise saw that Leon had arrived at the castle without any bad luck, and he was very happy. The corner of his mouth moved slightly, and he said to Leon, "This is Intermediate Apprentice Anzesta, but he prefers to call himself Knight."Then Aise said to Anzesta, "This is the temporary chief administrative officer of our territory's government office, Mr. Leon. I called you here today because I have a task for you. "Anzesta heard this and said with a solemn expression, "Knight Anzesta is willing to serve His Majesty!"Leon also said with a serious expression, "Leon is always ready to carry out His Majesty's will!"Aise waved his hand and said, "As long as you have the heart, it's fine. No need to be so serious. Let me show you something first."Then the two followed Aise up the magic stairs to the laboratory floor. Aise's west tower was engraved with space extension runes, and the interior space was extremely large.In the laboratory floor, three hundred rifled flintlocks with bayonets and three hundred streamers were lying there quietly. Not far from them, there was a large amount of stationary gunpowder and mini bullets wrapped in parchment.Aise took out two rifled flintlocks and two streamers, and asked the two to stand behind him. Then he took out two packs of stationary gunpowder and two mini bullets, and stood in front of them."This thing is called a flintlock. It's a new weapon that I've researched," Aise said. "Now, I'll teach you how to use it."After about an hour, Anzesta and Leon both understood how to use this strange weapon. They tore the stationary gunpowder pack with their teeth, and then evenly poured the black powder into the barrel of the flintlock. Next, they compacted it with a streamer, stuffed a lead bullet in, and compacted it with a streamer. Then they poured gunpowder into the back of the flintlock, aimed at the target, and pulled the trigger.

Men always had a passion for weapons that women could not imagine. Whether it was Knight Anzesta or Administrator Leon, they were both very interested in this strange steel rod.After ten rounds of simulation, Aise let the two of them use lead mini bullets for a live fire test to see the specific effect. Thirty meters away from the two of them, Aise used magic to erect an iron plate that was about the thickness of ordinary heavy armor.Anzesta followed the method he learned, aimed, and pulled the trigger.As a standard knight, Anzesta was not only proficient in horsemanship, but also proficient in the use of all kinds of weapons. Whether it was a melee weapon, a heavy lance, a knight's longsword, a standard dagger, a one-handed axe, a poleaxe, or a long-range javelin, a flying axe, a longbow, he was proficient in using them all.Anzesta had spent his entire youth training to master this excellent skill in using weapons. Now, it only took him an hour to master the use of this "steel rod". Although he was not very proficient, the speed of learning was too fast.Anzesta thought a lot, but his thoughts only lasted for a moment. The loud sound of the first shot startled him, and then he looked at the iron plate in the distance.As a knight with the power of the heart, his physical fitness was greatly strengthened, and the range of his vision was very long. If he focused his power on his eyes, it was almost comparable to the eyes of an eagle.When Anzesta saw the situation on the iron plate, his pupils suddenly shrank.