Report
                            
                            While Ace was speaking, Sharp, who had transformed into a mirror image, had already dashed to the empty ground. He kicked up a cloud of dust as he stood behind Ace."Everyone's here. Bayern, Dana, please step out and stand behind me." After hearing Ace's voice, Bayern and Dana, who were a little confused, obediently walked behind Ace and stood side by side with Logan and Sharp, who were wearing huge hats.Dana stared at Sharp for a while. She felt that this person looked very familiar, but she couldn't remember where she had seen him before. She tapped her straight nose and tried to recall.Aise didn't notice Dana's look. He smiled as brightly as the sun and said gently, "It's my honor to introduce my apprentices to you. The four people behind me and myself will be responsible for teaching you the first grade classes."Bayern and Dana were a bit surprised. They stepped forward and saluted to the apprentices.Strictly speaking, only the two of them were part of Ace's original team. They had also followed Ace and studied for a long time. Moreover, the strength of the two of them had already reached the level of an intermediate Apprentice Adept. It was understandable that they were teachers."Bayern will be responsible for the elementary mathematics class, and Dana will be responsible for the logical thinking class. They are both teachers and students, so they need to learn the other three classes."According to Aise's arrangement, no matter what level of magic they were at, they had to study for five years first. This was not only to build a solid foundation for them, but also to strengthen his authority. He was the teacher of all the wizards, and also the principal of these wizards.Title, status, and experience were all intangible assets other than power. Even with the foundation principles and the original contract set by the sea of consciousness, Aise still valued them very much."This is Logan." As Aise continued the introduction, Logan, who was wearing an oversized hat, stepped forward and took off his hat to salute the apprentices."Logan is a mortal, but he's also a famous scholar in the north. He's in charge of the Art of Common Language. He's very interested in magic, so I'll allow him to sit in on the other four classes in the future. "The apprentices looked at Logan with great interest, and Logan was also very excited. He finally had a chance to get close to supernatural knowledge."This is Sharp, my right-hand man. He'll be in charge of the secondary rune class."As Aise introduced, Sharp stepped forward and saluted to the apprentices. Among the apprentices, Donna looked at Sharp in confusion. She also felt that this person was a bit familiar."Last, I'll be in charge of the secondary meditation class. I'll also be the principal of the elementary magic school."

As Aise said the last word with a smile, Sulu clapped his hands and shouted, "The Wizard Tower is eternal, the principal is supreme!"The other apprentices also applauded. Ace enjoyed the crowd's flattery for a moment, then pressed his hands forward, and the sound stopped. His voice wasn't loud, but it was transmitted to every apprentice's ears through the Resounding Spell created by the Sound Rune."Don't say that the principal is supreme. I want to hear that you've always maintained the spirit of questioning and the spirit of objective and neutral exploration.As long as you, as the future members of the Wizard Tower, walk on the right path and let our spirit be passed on, the fire of the Wizard Tower is destined to be eternal! "The apprentices were even more excited after hearing Aise's words. They thought of the conversation they had at the foot of Mount Bar the other day. Aise's words were still ringing in their ears."Who's willing to hold the torch high and become the next Fire Bearer?"Sulu frowned. It seemed that ordinary flattery didn't work on the Fire Bearer. At least he didn't flatter the Fire Bearer. He had to study the spirit of questioning.As he was thinking, he suddenly saw Warren listening to Aise's words. His eyes lit up. Perhaps it would be a good choice to get closer to Warren.Aise continued speaking gently."The school has been established. We'll be a closer group, and this group will need to have some form of common interests. I've prepared magic robes and magic badges for everyone. In the future, every Wizard will wear a magic robe, a magic badge, and a magic book.These three items are quasi-magic items. The magic book will be nourished and strengthened through meditation. The magic robes and magic badges don't have the ability to grow. Everyone can channel mana into them through meditation to complete the recharging. "After Aise finished speaking, he took out his stomach and threw the items inside. At the same time, he chanted an incantation."Float!"Along with his incantation, 100 magic robes and 100 magic badges floated in the air. Afterward, he pointed his finger, and the robes and badges flew to everyone present except for Logan.There were still a few extra robes and badges floating in the air. Aise waved his hand, and the robes and badges followed his movement into the stomach bag.The apprentices were very excited as they held the brand new robes and badges. Perhaps some of them looked at the stomach bag on Aise's waist expectantly. A magical bag that can hold so many robes and badges. The Fire Bearer really has a lot of strange items in his hands. As expected of the Fire Bearer!

After Aise introduced the functions of the robes and badges in detail, as well as the difference between magic items and quasi-magic items, the apprentices began to anxiously try to recharge the robes and badges.For most of them, this was the first quasi-magic item that they had obtained besides the magic book. If it was in the City-state, except for the nobles and a few lucky citizens, ordinary people would not be able to obtain such strange items.About an hour later, the apprentices finished recharging the robes.After the recharging, the magic robes automatically adapted to the wearer's body and became very fitting. The magic badges were also automatically attached to their chests. Most of the badges were colorless hexagons, and a few of them were white hexagons.Aise and Sharp both had white hexagons flashing in front of their chests, which corresponded to their power level.Ace did not give them too much time to indulge in their new magic robes and magic badges. He said in a stern voice, "Don't worry.His voice was stern as he said, "Even the best quasi-magic items are just tools. We can use tools, but we can't be useless without them. Now, every apprentice, please get ready. We're going to test you one by one. All the apprentices who pass the test will get to share all the secondary runes in the library!All the apprentices who don't pass the test will be punished! "Hearing that, the apprentices who were confident were very excited, and the apprentices who were not very experienced were very uneasy. For example, Arnaud and Anzesta, who had absolutely no chance of passing the test, their faces were pale, and their hearts were dead.As Arnaud screamed in despair like a defeated dog, the test for the apprentices began.