Report
                            
                            Main material plane, tower territory, Luminous City, secret room in the west tower of the castle.The compound magic circle in the secret room had disappeared, and only a dream bubble the size of a person was floating in the secret room.Aise approached the dream bubble. Just as he was about to observe it, the dream bubble suddenly burst and turned into a stream of information that flowed into Aise's eyes. Aise instantly felt extremely sleepy and slowly fell asleep.In the dream, in the darkness, an existence shrouded in hazy light whispered to Aise."This world is not the only one. I came here from a distant world. The life level of a hero in your world is called a level one life.""A level one life is also called an extraordinary life. At this level, your life will be extended, and your extraordinary power will be internalized. You will become an extraordinary existence that truly relies on yourself.Because your world is new, the rules are obvious. Even if you are not a level one life, you can still borrow the power of the rules that pervade the world. However, in the endless astral plane, only a level one life form is the true beginning of extraordinary.The beginning of extraordinary involves the choice of two paths. These two paths have their own emphasis, but in the end, they lead to the same destination. ""A level one life form cannot achieve equal balance between the body and the soul. If you want both, you will end up with nothing. Choosing the path of the soul or the path of the body will determine the direction of your life for a long time. "Ace listened attentively, and the doubts in his heart grew.The crystal-clear creature came from another world, and so did he. Did it mean that there was a possibility of going back?But after going back, if things remained the same but people changed, was there a need to go back?The hero level was equivalent to an official wizard, equivalent to a level one life form. How many levels were there, and how could he reach them?Just as Aise was thinking, the hazy light continued."Although a level one life form determines the direction of the path, the seed has already been planted when you are a level zero life form. Do you focus on the soul or the body? Do you use the body to borrow the extraordinary power of the world or the soul?If you focus on the body, you need to inject your will and spirit into the core of the body. For ordinary life forms, that is the heart.You need to constantly strengthen your heart and use the extraordinary power of the outside world to achieve the transformation of the heart. If you can inject your will into the heart before you reach level one, your path to level one will be extremely smooth. "

In the dream, Aise was thinking. Wasn't this the path of a knight? According to the latest definition, Beginner Apprentice = Beginner Squire, and so on.The condensation of a creed and the formation of heartforce was extremely difficult, but every knight who found a creed was naturally promoted to high-rank Knecht.In that case, the path of a knight was very promising and should be developed vigorously as a supplement for high-end combat strength.As the thought flashed through his mind, Aise continued to listen attentively."The path of the physical body is the choice of most lifeforms in the vast majority of worlds. This is because this path is safe, and in the lower stages of life, walking the path of the physical body and bloodline will allow you to live longer.Of course, there were also some life forms that liked challenges and walked the path of the soul that had greater risks and greater rewards. The path of the spirit was ever-changing, but the foundation was always the same — to inject the vitality of the physical body into the soul.You need a strong physical body to nurture a strong soul, and thus, you will obtain more power and more mysterious and ever-changing methods.The greatest risk of this path is that your body isn't strong enough to support a powerful soul. If you don't achieve a leap in the level of life before your body decays, then your Transcendent path will end here. "The hazy light and emotionless voice said coldly."If you want to have both stability and power, then it's impossible. Although the path of the soul is difficult and dangerous, the greatest gain is not power and means. According to the words of this world, you can obtain the prototype of a Soul World in advance.Your soul will open up a vague illusory space that can preserve the extension of the law.Although it's only the extension of the law, or the trace of the law, it's not the law itself.However, to be able to preserve the trace of the law at the level of a first-rank life form is simply a gift from the world. If you walk the path of the physical body and mind, only by reaching the peak of a second-rank life form, which is the ultimate hero of this world, can a prototype of a Soul World appear.Although the prototype of a Soul World can't be compared to the prototype of a Soul World, except that it can't be projected, the interior is smaller, and the trace of the law it contains is less, there's no difference.

With it, you can choose your own path of law at the level of a first-rank life form, or even at the peak of a zero-rank life form! "At this point, the hazy light suddenly stopped and went silent, causing Aise to scratch his ears and cheeks.The secret space of the soul was actually the prototype of a Soul World. From the description of the hazy light, the runes were the traces left behind by the law, or the extension of the law. This made Aise very excited.He unintentionally understood a problem. What were the runes, and what was the essence of the runes!If what this existence said was true, then the runes were the extension and trace of the law. If one were to think from the bottom up, the secondary runes were the deterioration of the soul runes. Could the soul runes be the deterioration of the higher runes? Could the end of this reasoning be the so-called law?At this moment, a term appeared in Aise's mind, "The Rune Law Deterioration Hypothesis"!It still needs to be proven. It needs the proof of the higher runes and even the law itself, Aise shouted in his mind.He seemed to have discovered the end of the path of runes, but he lacked the necessary proof."The choice of the path is the greatest right of a Transcendent, even higher than life! Having the prototype of a Soul World in advance means that your path to the third-rank life form is already clear. What you lack is nothing more than resources.The knowledge related to the path is too profound, beyond the scope of a second-rank life form, and also beyond the scope of your equivalent exchange. This place will not provide it. "Aise listened to the voice of the hazy light. Although he had many doubts, he accepted it calmly. He had provided food, and the knowledge provided by the other party had far exceeded Aise's expectations.The hazy light continued."The great hero of this world is a second-rank life form. To advance from a first-rank life form to a second-rank life form, the key is balance.Whether it is the will that is injected into the heart, or the life force that feeds the soul, it will inevitably lead to an imbalance!The key to advancement is to restore the balance between the soul and the body, from an imbalance to a balance, that is a second-rank life form.All of this is to prepare for the birth of the Soul World.The Soul World is the product of the soul and the body, the intertwining of life and death, the fusion of illusion and reality.Its prototype is your knowledge of the world, and the Soul World is the reflection of that knowledge. Even if you walk the path of the soul, it is only a prototype. If you don't achieve balance in terms of resources, the final result will be that you will still be unable to pass the crucial step, and it will be an illusion. "

Aise was intoxicated as he listened. He thought of a saying from his previous life, "If you learn the truth in the morning, you can die in the evening without regret!""Starting from a balance and reaching an imbalance is a Transcendent, and you have to walk on the uneven path for a long time. But at the end, if you want to advance further, you have to go from an imbalance to a balance.Can this situation be quantified, and its pattern discovered through experiments, so that it can be repeated on a large scale? "Just as Aise was thinking, the hazy light continued. "As for the Abyssal Whispers, your soul has been split, and there is the Abyssal pollution nearby, so it is easier to be affected. Now that your soul and body have advanced, you will naturally not be affected by the whispers. "
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login