Report
                            
                            "This time, I've also successfully replicated a few magical soul runes during my research! I want to degrade them and test their effects. "The excited Bayern closed the door of his house and set up a few warning rune matrices. Then, he started his research on the degrade runes.The so-called degrade runes were basically ignoring the structure of the soul runes and directly copying their appearance. As long as the final secondary rune was effective, the degrade would be a success.If one was patient enough, they could degrade the runes many times and search for the best version.Bayern used the fur of demonic creatures and his own blood to experiment many times and successfully degrade several runes. Together with the ones he had discovered before, it was enough for him to carry out some interesting experiments."Although discovering runes and combining their structure is only at the initial stage, this is really more interesting than solving math problems. I really can't stop."Bayern stroked his white beard that was transformed from the magic book. The soul runes recorded from Anazir's die had already been synchronized with the magic book and recorded in Aise's underground magic laboratory along with the magic signal.Bayern calmly observed the degrade runes he had created. They were quietly lying on the fur of the demonic creatures, seemingly waiting for someone who could really make use of them.He followed the structure of the first rune on the fur and used the secondary magic power # 3 and unknown rune to form a minimalist spell model in the air with his mental power.As the spell model was formed, the magic power gathered and moved rhythmically. Bayern pointed the model at a dead object and calmly observed its effects.There was no effect. The magic power gathered slowly disappeared, and the spell model also gradually disappeared.Bayern furrowed his brows. He grabbed the sluggard, New York York, from the cellar and cast a spell on him. Then, he violently questioned the sluggard's feelings."Don't kill me, don't kill me. I can see that your whole body is covered in white radiance. You must be a god sent by God to punish my lazy behavior. I will definitely change. Please don't kill me. "Bayern ignored New York York's pleas for mercy and knocked him out before stuffing him back into the cellar."The white light is still very unclear. I have to try it myself!" Bayern couldn't help but cast this minimalist spell model on himself.The moment the mana condensed by the spell model entered his body, he felt his whole body become incomparably clear, and his senses became very sharp.Magic power gradually gathered in his eyes, forming a special rune structure in a short period of time.

Bayern lowered his head to look at himself. His entire body was emitting a gentle white light."What does this white light represent?" Bayern murmured.Dawn finally broke. He walked out of his dilapidated residence and used his special eyes to observe his surroundings. Gradually, he discovered a pattern."The light on ordinary people is gray, and the Divine Nobles are also white, with different strengths. But the hero I saw in the distance is emitting light red light.""Generally speaking, the stronger the Transcendent, the stronger the light. As the degree of strength varies, the color seems to be different as well.""However, this is only the surface of the spell. On a deeper level, why are there differences in the intensity and color of the light? The Firebringer said that the process of research should be to observe and summarize, propose hypotheses, verify the authenticity of the hypotheses, and then continue to observe and summarize, propose new theories, and continue to spiral upward. "Bayern lowered his head and pondered as he walked."Can I assume that this light represents the degree of concentration of magic power? If the spell model formed by this rune can observe the intensity of the concentration of magic power on a certain creature, then it can be used to observe wondrous items! ""I'm really out of my mind. Don't I have a ready-made wondrous item?"Bayern touched the Anazir die in his arms and quickly walked back to his residence. He looked around vigilantly, set up a warning rune array, and entered the house.He gently took out the Anazir die from his arms and placed it on the table. Then, he activated the unknown spell model.As the magic power flowed to his eyes, tiny rune structures gradually formed in his eyes!Then, Bayern suddenly closed his eyes, and tears actually flowed out."The golden light is obviously very gentle. Why do I feel that I can't look straight at it?"Bayern whispered as he touched the Anazir die with his hand. His eyes slowly opened a slit."It's really strange. The golden light is gone, and I can only see the white light of my own body."There are two hypotheses here. One is that the light of all wondrous items will be covered by the light of creatures. The other is that the Anazir die's own unique phenomenon. As for which one it is, I can only find out by observing more wondrous items."Then, the task now is to strengthen and improve the spell model of this secondary spell."Bayern's eyes were shining. He liked the feeling of studying spell models more and more. Combining and deducing the best spell model was more complicated and interesting than solving math problems!

A few days later, Bayern finally deduced the best rune formula. He looked at the unique spell page in the magic book and named this spell "Secondary Magic Sensitivity." This rune was named the Secondary Magic Sense Rune."After casting this spell on oneself or others, a tiny rune structure can be formed in the eyes, making the eyes have the characteristic of observing the effect of gathering magic power. Currently, the known characteristics are gray for mortals without magic power, white for ordinary divine nobles, light red for heroes, and dark red for great heroes. More details need to be researched and verified. "Bayern wrote such a paragraph in the introduction of the spell in the magic book, then closed the magic book with satisfaction.He did the same thing and spent more than ten days to determine the other secondary runes as the Secondary Over-The-Top Rune, the Secondary Tracking Rune, the Secondary Guidance Rune, the Secondary Insight Rune, and the Secondary Prediction Rune. He then combined them into effective spell models.Secondary Over-The-Top Guided Missile didn't need to be marked in advance. As long as an enemy was found within a certain range (a radius of 500 meters), it could be directly locked on and accurately hit the enemy with the magic missile.Bayern felt that this spell could also be combined with the water element series Heavy Water Missile. He could even add acid conversion to become a Heavy Water Acid Missile that could be used for tracking and attacking.Due to time constraints and the complexity of this spell model, Bayern decided to postpone the development of this spell model.Secondary Insight Perception was different from the high coverage of Ultrasonic Perception. The coverage of Insight Perception was relatively smaller, but the perception ability was greatly enhanced. It could instantly search a range of 200 meters and find the slightest thing.Secondary Counter Enemy Initiative, relying on the Secondary Prediction Rune, supplemented by the Secondary Insight Rune, plus auxiliary runes, was the formula of this spell model.The effect of this spell was to increase the caster's insight within a radius of 20 meters. It could predict the movement of a creature within the range in the next one second, achieving the powerful effect of Counter Enemy Initiative.