Report
                            
                            The apprentices listened to Aise's words and thought about Aise's question in their minds while recalling the feeling of connecting with the network.Unlike the dream in their subconscious mind, everyone had a clear memory of the connection this time. Their eyes were filled with excitement and curiosity as they tried their best to think, hoping to answer Aise's question.Following Aise's words, the apprentices followed Aise back to the settlement by stepping on the cold light of the controllable light balls floating in the air. Even after returning to their own houses, they still couldn't sleep.Aise returned to the largest barbarian mud house he lived in. His rational mirror image was sitting there, trying to figure out how to create a magic item that could suppress the invisible influence of the Abyssal Whispers.After attuning with his spirit, Aise felt more and more familiar with this feeling.The mirror image calmly said to Aise, "Dear Host, can we assume that if there are enough of us as Aise in the future, we can form an Aise spiritual network, or even a subconscious mind of Aise?"Aise glanced at the mirror image and replied, "It's completely possible, but we need a higher level of power! If I become an official Magus, I'll be able to separate out more pure rational mirror images. The Ace Network that we've formed can be embedded within the Magi's spiritual network and become the dominant force. "The mirror image stood up and walked to Aise."Becoming an official wizard and reaching the same level of life as a hero is the most urgent thing for us.We've collected a lot of research items recently, such as all kinds of strange objects, light balls of blessing, dream crystals, fragments of ancient civilizations, and a lot of high-level supernatural knowledge recently recorded by the Book Sprite. However, we can't effectively observe and study them with our current level of life. "Aise looked at the mirror image and replied, "Yes."Yes. Just like how it was difficult for us to observe Sharp's burning dagger back then, with the improvement of our life level and the transformation of our mental power, we can clearly observe its structure. If we have mental power of a higher level, we can also use mathematical knowledge to calculate and analyze its mysteries with ease. "They looked at each other and said in unison, "The most urgent thing right now is to build a mental network that can help us improve our life level!"Ace waved his black robe. His eyes were bright, and the light from the fire in the room illuminated his face red. He said, "Don't worry."The current radiation network is too weak. We should try to upgrade the magic books so that every magic book has a function similar to a base station, which can receive, transmit, process, and transmit magic signals at the same time."

The rational mirror added, "It's time for the mirror image to join the network and become another 'root consciousness' of the entire mental network. Then, it can try to build a network in it."The more Aise thought about it, the clearer it became. He felt that there were already signs of advancement ahead of him."Every apprentice's spirit imprint can, with my permission, link with each other and form an extremely complex and deep network.Only in this way can we form the real spiritual network on the surface of our consciousness that we need and reach a highly active state of mind. This will allow the stagnant upper limit of my mind power to rise again and achieve a leap in my life level! "At this moment, invisible whispers appeared. Blood red flashed in Aise's eyes, and his face became a bit ferocious.The rational mirror image did not hesitate. He had already carved the root runes and spell models in the limited space of the Secret Chamber of Souls. He activated the soul spell "Mechanized Mind".With the activation of the spell models and the rhythm of the magic power, the rune structure of the soul spell "Mechanized Mind" appeared on Aise's body.The blood red in his eyes slowly faded away, and his face became gentle. He said with a bit of lingering fear,"It seems that no matter what, I can't let my emotions get too excited. Before you develop an item that can suppress the whispers, I have to maintain the state of 'Mechanized Mind' at all times. "The mirror image did not say anything. He nodded calmly and continued to study how to make a magic item that could suppress the whispers. As a mirror image, he was essentially a magic creature made of magic power. He did not need to eat or sleep. He could study day and night without stopping.Aise could not. He was still a human being. When he was hungry, he needed to eat, and when he was sleepy, he needed to sleep. So, he took a rest first.Nothing happened during the night. The next morning.Aise yawned. The ahoge on top of his head was still drooping. He rubbed his sleepy eyes and said to the mirror image, "Yesterday, I thought for a long time. Why can I stay awake in the sea of my subconscious, which is similar to a big dream?"The mirror image was expressionless. He continued to fiddle with the experiment in his hand and asked casually, "Why?""I speculated that there are two reasons. The first one is, of course, the influence of the book spirit. As a creature of the rules, it has many mysterious functions. The second one is that my spiritual power is stronger than other wizard apprentices, so I have absolute dominance in the sea of my subconscious.

If this dominance can continue, we will be able to permanently influence all the wizards in the future! "The more Aise talked, the more awake he became. He was a bit emotional. The mirror image gave him a "Mechanized Mind" emotionlessly and calmed him down.Seeing Aise calm down, the mirror image continued with a blank face."Your speculation may be true, but we need to wait for the book spirit to wake up to do more research. The most important thing now is to collect all the magic books of the wizard apprentices. We need to upgrade and modify the magic books! "Aise, who had calmed down, rubbed the ahoge on top of his head and said,"Besides that, there's one more thing.The friends and relatives of the wizard apprentices are doing nothing right now. This is not a good sign.It just so happens that we don't have the time and energy to manage the construction of this valley territory. Why don't we select the experienced ones and carry out a City-state transformation here?All the barbarians will become free citizens of our territory. The friends and relatives of the apprentices will become probationary citizens, and the apprentices will become official citizens.In the future, we will conquer the other barbarians in the Lar mountain range and turn them into slaves. Private individuals are not allowed to own slaves. The slaves will belong to the territory.The slaves will be free after serving the territory for 20 years and become free citizens.At this stage, our territory will need a large number of slaves to be the lowest level of labor force. I think 20 years is a more suitable time.When the construction of the territory is completed, we can gradually de-slavery and use a better way to mobilize the enthusiasm of the free citizens. "The mirror image listened to Aise's words with a blank face. The experiment in his hand emitted black smoke. It was obviously a failure. He threw away the ruined experiment and said,"I have a few questions. First, what is the name of our territory? Second, what kind of political system are we going to use to rule here? Third, what kind of structure and promotion channels are we going to establish in the magic society? "