Report
                            
                            The Spell of Truth required a supernatural language as its medium. Without a supernatural language, the spell could not be used.Unlike advanced magic tricks, the Spell of Truth was more or less comprehensive, but it was not as all-encompassing as magic tricks. Instead, it sacrificed everything in order to bring about an extremely powerful combat magic effect.To put it simply, the Spell of Truth eliminated all other applications and focused on pure offensive and defensive language magic.The second Circle 1 spell that Aise combined was Dream Force Field. The Dream Rune was originally made up of Level 1 runes, but Aise reduced it to a Level 0 rune and combined it with a Level 0 illusion rune to create this Circle 1 spell, Dream Force Field, which had the effects of Dream, Illusion, Charm, Suggestion, Five Senses, and Memory Manipulation.This spell could be said to be the culmination of Aise's current Spiritual Spell. It combined all of the Circle 0 illusion spells into one. It was somewhat similar to the three-dimensional rune structure of the Illusive Eye, but it was much more powerful with the addition of Dream and Memory Manipulation effects.Based on Aise's current state of life, even the elite knight squires in his territory would not be able to resist this spell. If it was an official knight, it would be the most effective counter to this spell.Of course, Aise could not only rely on this spell. If he encountered an enemy with extremely strong Spiritual Resistance like an official knight in the future, he would be dead in an instant."It's impossible for this First Circle spell to meet my greatest expectations. Using dreams as a foundation and using illusions to create reality, this is only a spell that manipulates the mind and soul.I can use this spell to study the mysteries of Dream, and one day, I will be able to convert Dream into Reality. "In the past decade or so, wizards had discovered more than a dozen types of magic elements, and the Four Element Foundation Theory was slowly being born. This was the result of Wizard Apprentices based on myths and magic practice.Currently, the mainstream academic view was that Earth, Fire, Wind, and Water were the foundation elements of the world, and the other elements were the derivatives and combinations of the foundation elements. This theory could also explain a lot of things, such as why there was a relationship between the elements, and how they were derived.Aise did not reject or deny this theory. Without the discovery of more microscopic particles, this theory based on practical experience might not be true, but it was at least close to the truth to some extent.Based on his practice, Ace spent a month to create a table of derivations of magic elements. Starting from the four basic elements, he categorized all the discovered elements into categories and marked their derivation and combination relationships.Gazing at the watch, Aise gently stroked it and said, "Don't worry.

"Without determining the particles of the more microscopic world, perhaps this map will guide us for quite a long time. One day, when we can truly deny or affirm it, perhaps it will be the time when we truly understand the elements."He created a Level 1 spell, Four Elemental Ring, based on the relationship between the elements in the table.This spell could be used individually with Scorching Burst, Mud Petrification, Super High Pressure Water Column, Thousand Wind Cut, and other spell effects. It could also be enhanced and combined into a new spell according to the principles of synergies and restraints.The strongest state of this spell was a huge Four Elemental Ring. The effects of the four elements would react violently within it, destroying the enemy with the violent effects of Earth, Fire, Wind, and Water.In addition, Aise also created three new spells, Chilling Touch, Three-Dimensional Displacement (Low Altitude Flight), and Perception.Perception was a combination of several Perception spells used by advanced apprentices. It had four effects: Mana Sensitivity, Insight Perception, Ultrasonic Perception, and Search and Scan. It could also be used in combination.Three-Dimensional Displacement was very simple. It could be used to move quickly, with the help of the Earth and Wind Elemental to achieve fast omnidirectional movement. However, it could not pass through certain restrictions or obstacles.In the game terms of his previous life, Displacement could not be used to pass through walls or jump over walls.Displacement was also a Low Altitude Flight spell. It could be used to fly at an altitude of less than five hundred meters, with a speed of no more than three hundred kilometers per hour.Chilling Touch's effect was to seal the ice and wind and extinguish the soul.Before Aise fled from the North, he had used the Book Spirit to record Moore's battle knowledge. Most of it was about the runes formed by Frost Tracks.Frost Elemental Runes were derived from Water Elemental Runes. They were also one of the cornerstones of Frost Elemental Runes. The biggest characteristics of Frost Elemental Runes were low temperature and cold wind.Aise used the combination of Extreme Frost, Fierce Wind, and Soul Explosion to create a Level 1 spell, Chilling Touch, that did not require any casting materials. Of course, he could also use the casting materials to enhance the effect.This spell directly attacked the soul. It could release Extreme Frost Wind to continuously blow the soul and the body. It could directly attack the enemy's soul and cause severe Frost Damage to the soul. The enemy's spiritual perception would be delayed, and their physical reaction would be slowed down.If this kind of wind continued to accumulate excessive Frost Damage to the soul, it could directly trigger the Soul Explosion effect hidden in the Frost Damage spell with the help of the Level 1 Vengeful Spirit Powder, instantly extinguishing the enemy's soul.

"If Chilling Touch can accumulate enough Frost Damage to the soul, then with the help of Level 1 Vengeful Spirit Casting materials, the effect released might be comparable to a Level 2 spell.This is also an idea. Level 1 spells that don't require casting materials can also be strengthened with the help of casting materials! "Aise muttered to himself as he flipped through the latest issue of 'Magic'.The latest issue of 'Magic' was mostly filled with Extraordinary Transfiguration spells. Aise looked at the imaginative research of the Apprentice Wizards with great interest."Carloso is a genius. After becoming an Advanced Apprentice, he quickly produced amazing results. This spell is also very enlightening for me.The ceiling of Transfiguration spells is intermediate Apprentices. Even Advanced Apprentices can't perfectly transfiguration spells. For me, who has become an official Wizard, the effects are even smaller.Extraordinary Transfiguration spells are different. If I can transform into a powerful low-level monster, I can also transform into a hero. This greatly expands the scope of Transfiguration.I can refer to this Level 0 spell and perhaps create a Level 1 Extraordinary Transfiguration spell. A Level 1 Vengeful Spirit can contract more than one Familiar. As long as I can cultivate a Level 1 Transfiguration monster, there won't be any problems in the future.However, their research hasn't touched on the foundation. Based on the current observations, most Apprentice Wizards agree with the Life Forbidden Zone theory proposed by Bayern. There is a Life Forbidden Zone in the cells, and it hides a great secret. "Aise put down 'Magic' and picked up a magic glass magnifying glass in front of his eyes. Looking at the things that suddenly became bigger, he continued:"I can guess that the Life Forbidden Zone in the cells of this world is where the genetic material is, conveying the mystery of life!Microscopes made of ordinary glass are not enough to observe the Life Forbidden Zone. This is not just a problem of the manufacturing process. Optical microscopes have their limitations. The existence of organelles can't be observed with optical microscopes. Observing the cellular level is the limit.Even in his previous life, DNA microscopy that could observe genes was very complicated.Even if optical methods were used, DNA must be 'dyed' first, which is the so-called fluorescent in situ hybridization technology. It is also very complicated, and the most important thing is to find fluorescein.Academic exchanges in the form of theses are not enough. I need to establish an academic research environment similar to the universities in my previous life. I need to gather excellent academic Wizards and conduct systematic research according to Elements, Astrology (Prophecy), Life, Soul, Contract Summoning, and Alchemy. "A few days later, Aise held an academic report in the Magic Castle.


                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login