Report
                            
                            Aise glided along the coast at the edge of the town of Des, and arrived at Aise's manor around midnight.The manor was quiet at night, with only the sound of flowing water. Low mud walls surrounded the manor and the small town. Paved roads crisscrossed like a chessboard. The lights of several sentry posts and mansions were still on.Aise was not in a hurry to enter the manor. He activated the Shapeshifting Spell in the Soul Spell and turned into an owl. He quietly passed the sentries and landed in a corner of the manor.As soon as the owl landed, it changed like a liquid and became a black cat in a short while.Black Cat Ace jumped nimbly and reached the rooftop of a four-story residential building. It stretched its head out to look at the familiar manor, its eyes filled with nostalgia.The Soul Spells "Insight Perception" and "Magic Sensitivity" in the Flexible Space were activated at the same time. Aise the black cat closed his eyes. In the black and white vision, the entire manor town was visible. Soon, Aise found a problem.There was a particularly powerful white light in the master's mansion. Judging from the brightness, it should be a humanoid hero."Why would a Divine Noble come to the manor, and a humanoid hero at that," Aise the black cat said in human language, then jumped down lightly and ran towards the villa area.Aise planned to find his slave butler, Kelson, to understand the changes in the situation.In Kelson's mansion, he had been busy the whole day and had not slept yet. He was a little anxious and nervous. He could not help but get up and light the oil lamp.In the shadow of a corner that he did not notice, a black cat sneaked in.As a middle-aged man, he always had ambition and fighting spirit. It was not impossible for a slave to regain his freedom. This example was very common in City-state. A slave was recognized by his master for his excellent performance and was released. The two formed a natural protective relationship.The so-called protective relationship was the protector and the protected. Once a slave was released, he had to be loyal to his protector for life. The relationship between the two could be compared to a blood relationship.This relationship was not legally bound, but it was an agreement and almost no one violated it. If it was violated, it would not be tolerated by the people.This was the future that Kelson had hoped for. He would be released as a free citizen, still serving his master, but there would be more possibilities for himself and his descendants.Originally, he had been working diligently, and as the manor became more prosperous, this thought had been lingering in his mind. Who wouldn't desire freedom?

Only a better performance could convince the main family. Unfortunately, the main family was about to be replaced by a Divine Noble, and he would have to start all over again. He might even lose his position.Just as Kelson was sighing, runic structures appeared in the black cat's eyes. Invisible magic power began to pulsate and gather in the black cat's eyes, turning into almost tangible magic power that surged into Kelson's body.Kelson instantly stiffened, and in less than a second, the rune structure of Charm Person appeared behind him.The black cat stood in the shadows and asked Kelson a question using Secondary Phantom Sound.Half an hour later, Aise knocked Kelson out with a Forgotten Hammer and threw him onto the bed with Magician's Hands. He then jumped out of the window and ran toward the master's mansion.He had roughly learned what had happened. His family and Aise's manor had become a footnote in the power struggle between the upper class, and they had inadvertently been involved in a huge trouble.He was a little anxious, but he still suppressed his emotions and calmly arrived at the mansion. The familiar mansion was full of unfamiliar guards. Through his magic sensitivity, he knew that several of them were Divine Nobles.Aise estimated the general strength of the guards and activated his "Soul Spell" illusion enchantment, instantly covering the entire mansion.Except for Dean, all the other guards fell into the illusion in about five seconds and were easily controlled by Aise.Dean was shrouded in the illusion enchantment and was forced to undergo a willpower test. He suddenly fell into a nightmare, dreaming that he was bitten by countless snakes, and no matter how hard he struggled, he could not get rid of them.At this moment, the teardrop-like crystal he was wearing on his chest suddenly shattered, forming an aqua blue ripple that covered him, waking him up from the nightmare that he could not get rid of.Dean looked at the aqua blue ripple on his body and his hair stood on end. He grabbed his clothes, grabbed his elegant longsword, and broke out of the door.Unknown people have come here, and their attack method is very mysterious. Is it the son of the God of Sleep? Thanks to the Mermaid's Tear that my father gave me, the situation is unclear. I have to leave immediately to protect myself.Dean walked cautiously as several thoughts flashed through his mind.A few Deities that he was familiar with ran over, covered in blood. One of them shouted, "Lord Dean, hurry up and run! An unknown person has attacked this place!"Dean cautiously stayed away from them. He had heard that the son of the God of Sleep was extremely difficult to deal with, and could even control people in dreams. He said, "Stop! How can you prove that you are not controlled by nightmares? "

The Divine Nobles who had just spoken thought and said, "Lord, look at the bloodstains on my body. I woke up from the nightmare with pain. Even if you don't trust us, please run away first!"Dean still did not believe it, but the sense of crisis forced him to take a step back. His handsome face was a little twisted as he said, "I can't trust anyone now. Let's split up and run for our lives. Let's meet in the Royal City!"After that, he jumped gracefully, stepped on the strange ripple, and ran quickly through the air.The others looked at each other and smiled strangely. They jumped into the air and were about to attack Dean.Dean dodged gracefully. Although their weapons brushed past his body, he was not seriously injured. He had no intention of fighting. After forcing them back with his longsword, he ran away with an elegant movement.Standing on the rampart, Ace fully activated his Insight Perception and observed Dean's every move. Seeing the magic imprints left on Dean's body by several Divine Nobles, a cold smile appeared at the corner of his mouth.He threw out five Magic Glycerin Tubes, guided the spell, and the Long Pressure Railgun appeared.Combined with the guidance of the spell model, the Magic Glycerin Tubes were used as casting materials and instantly exploded in the railgun. Five huge homing bombs whizzed out, heading straight for Dean who was desperately running away.Dean, who was running away, felt the threat of death. He dodged gracefully, trying to avoid the bombs. Unexpectedly, the bombs turned around and continued to fly toward him.Dean, who had no time to dodge, raised his right hand. The crystal bracelet on his wrist glowed and turned into a solid shield, blocking the explosion of the bombs.Aise frowned. He maintained the Long Pressure Railgun and threw out fifteen Magic Glycerin Tubes. Boom!A series of explosions rang out as one massive Flame Bomb after another whistled through the air. Despair filled Dean's eyes as he watched the Flame Bombs fall one after another.Ace observed with his Insight Perception. He watched as Dean's protection was broken bit by bit, and his entire body was turned into ashes by the explosion of the excessive amount of Pyroblast. He calmly turned around and informed Dana through the spellbook. She immediately led the fleet to the small port of the manor.Only then did he rush into the manor and wake up Romon and Marina who were asleep under the influence of the illusion enchantment.Romon woke up in a daze. Under the gentle light of the Controllable Light Ball, he looked at Aise who he had not seen for more than three years. Tears suddenly welled up in his eyes. He reached out and touched Aise's cheek.

"Aise, you've grown taller and stronger. Why are you back? Am I still dreaming? Your manor, your efforts are gone. I'm sorry … "
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login