Report
                            
                            "When a deity becomes a hero, their lifespan will be greatly increased. Their lifespan is generally close to 200 years, and the oldest is close to 400 years. Maybe when we become something similar to a hero, we will have more time. ""You haven't solved the problem from the root. Although your lifespan has increased, 200 years is too short. How can you answer Aise's four questions?""I think only if you become something similar to a deity and have eternal life can you pursue Aise's four questions in eternity!""Let's not talk about how unrealistic it is to become a deity. Even if you can become a deity, can you really be eternal? Can you have endless wisdom? ""I agree with what you said. Even the gods might not be truly eternal and truly omniscient.""Then how can we solve this problem? Could it be that we sorcerers will never be able to truly understand this world and learn the secrets behind the supernatural? "…Aise listened to everyone's discussion and felt very happy. This kind of discussion was similar to the brainstorming in his previous life, and it made him feel the collective academic atmosphere for the first time.Although they were still young, as long as they were trained, the future was worth looking forward to. He was looking forward to the establishment of the wizard academy more and more."Honorable Lord Fire Relayer, what do you think?"Betty sat on the type 1 apprentice and looked at Aise with longing."Yes, Sir Firebringer must have an answer!"The other Apprentice Adepts were also discussing among themselves.Aise, who was floating above the bonfire, smiled and said in the air, "If we want to answer Walloon's problem, we must understand a few other questions.""Everyone's discussion has enlightened me. Here, I would like to ask you all a few questions.""First, what do you think is reality?"Aise asked the wizard apprentices with a smile.Bayern tried to ask, "Honorable Lord Fire Relayer, are you talking about something that actually exists?"Aise listened and smiled without saying a word."Do you mean things that we can observe?" Another apprentice asked.Aise still smiled and did not say a word.The apprentices scratched their ears and cheeks like naughty monkeys. Aise smiled and said, "The so-called reality, from a conceptual point of view, is everything that actually exists and can possibly exist. Reality includes everything known and unknown. As long as it fits the definition, it's all reality. "

Aise quietly looked at everyone thinking, then said, "Now that reality is clear, I want to ask you a second question. Can the gods fully understand reality, or in other words, can the gods understand everything?"While everyone was thinking, Bayern, who was sitting near the bonfire, stood up and said, "Honorable Lord Fire Relayer, I think that as an individual god, it is impossible for him to know everything.Just like the Goddess of Elegance, she can at most understand most of the existence related to elegance, but it is unknown whether she is absolutely proficient in the realm of elegance. "Betty was also enlightened. She continued, "Even the gods, as a whole, can't be said to understand all reality. At least, they can't understand the reality of demons and devils."Dana also stood up and bowed to Aise. She concluded, "Then can we conclude that even the gods can't fully understand reality?"The apprentices also felt that it made sense. They discussed and gradually reached a consensus. The gods did not seem to be omniscient.Aise floated above the bonfire and looked down at everyone. He could not help but think of a saying from his previous life: "When humans think, God laughs."He said, "Even I can't make a conclusion on this question, but we can make the following deduction.We need to define the gods. What are gods?Gods have power that far surpasses that of mortals. There is no doubt that they can even know a lot of things in a certain field. However, whether it is from historical records or myths, gods can make mistakes and even die.We are called blasphemers by the descendants of gods, so we can assume that what they claim is the will of the gods. However, we are not immediately destroyed by the gods, so we can infer that either their claim is false and the gods do not think that we are blasphemers, or the gods cannot be omniscient.Then, what are the gods?They are a group of beings who are born with extraordinary power and special field abilities. They are much stronger than us, but in the future, all of you may be able to reach their level of existence. "Aise paused for a moment to give the apprentices a chance to think. He then said, "This leads to another question. As humans, how can we understand reality, or how can we approach the truth?Our lives, compared to the gods, are like fireflies to the sun. Then, can the light of fireflies illuminate the path to the truth? ""Yes, even the gods can't be called omniscient. Not to mention the gods, we can't even compare to the descendants of gods. How can we pursue the truth?"A sorcerer-apprentice said in despair.

"We have a more determined heart to pursue the truth than other transcendents!"Another apprentice said."What's the use of having a heart? How can we surpass the descendants of gods, or even the gods? "Another sorcerer-apprentice said.Bayern frowned. There must be a way. The sorcerers' path of magic, the path of transcendence, has just begun. We will be able to understand all of this, but it seems that we are not enough. What should we do?How can we solve the damn Warren Conundrum?"Honorable Lord Firebringer, how can we pursue the truth, answer Warren Conundrum, and finally answer Aise's four questions, and approach the truth?"Dana asked Aise respectfully. At this moment, she seemed to have returned to the past, and the desire for knowledge dominated her."Everyone knows that as a standard ruler, it can measure the length of all kinds of things. Then, what kind of existence can be used as a measure to measure all reality?I think that people with the power of thought are the measure of all things! "Like thunder on the ground, everyone seemed to feel that all things were trembling. The devil was tempting in a low voice, the devil was roaring loudly, and the gods were holding up thunder to destroy everything!Aise ignored these illusions and said clearly, "We are born as mortals, but we are creatures that can think. This is our greatest talent.Just being able to think is not enough. The key is how to think correctly and rationally. If you can do this, you can be called a person with the power of thought!A person with the power of thought would definitely walk on the correct path of understanding reality. A person with the power of thought with a limited lifespan would not be able to complete this path, but a group of people with the power of thought would consistently walk this path of understanding, the path of Transcendence, the path of magic, and the path of truth! "Aise floated in the air, the bonfire crackling. The breeze gradually rose, blowing his sleeves. He raised his hands and said loudly:"Perhaps one day, my life will come to an end. But as long as you can still think correctly, the sorcerer's path of magic will not stop.The Firebringer holds up the torch of rational cognition, leading the fire seeds to walk in the long night. If the Firebringer's death comes, and his life is extinguished, who is willing to hold up the torch and become the next Firebringer? "