Report
                            
                            "Sorcerer-Apprentices, nice to meet you. I am the Fire Relayer. I believe many of you have already guessed that I am also the author of logic and elementary mathematics, City-state scholar Aise. "The mirror-image Aise stood among the sorcerer-apprentices and spoke warmly.Although the sorcerer-apprentices knew that they would be able to meet the Fire Relayer who brought them onto the path of magic, they were still a little absent-minded when they actually saw him."You are really the Fire Relayer? Are you really the founder of the path of magic?" Betty, who was driving her Type 1 Apprentice, made a loud noise and ran in front of Aise."Of course, I know you. You are Betty. Among the contractors I chose, only you were born with a natural spiritual overclock. You are very talented in magic. "The mirror-image Aise spoke gently to the petite Betty who was looking down at him.His tone was slightly strange. The soul spell, 'Advanced Magic Tricks', was activated. He focused on simulating the rune of induction, the rune of sympathy, and the rune of will, forming a spell effect similar to 'suggestion', which produced a strong empathy and infection effect.At this time, the sorcerer-apprentices' magic books also gave out notifications one after another. Looking at the information on the magic books and feeling Aise's suggestion, they unknowingly trusted Aise and felt that Aise was so friendly at this moment.The black cat Bayern also reacted. He stood up like a human, spat out the dice, and bowed 90 degrees. He said loudly, "Apostle Bayern greets the great Fire Relayer. You are the founder of the path of magic, the only light in the long night, the guide of all sorcerers."The other sorcerer-apprentices also followed the example of the black cat Bayern and bowed to Aise.The friends and relatives brought by the sorcerer-apprentices also followed and bowed to Aise.Anzesta squeezed from the back of the group to the front. He bowed to Aise and said, "Thank you, great Fire Relayer. If you didn't let Apostle Bayern guide us, I'm afraid all of us would have been buried in the fortress."The other people also rushed to thank Aise. For a moment, it was quite lively.This was the effect of this type of suggestion. It was not to change, but to guide the target's own emotions and then magnify it, thus naturally obtaining the desired result.Aise pressed his hands in the air. Following his movements, the voices of the apprentices gradually stopped.Without hesitation, he instantly activated the Advanced Magic Trick and chanted the spell, "Illusion, Charm, Will, Loyalty Check!"A similar charm effect was instantly activated. Everyone became motionless and fell into an illusion.

Most of them didn't have any special circumstances. Only a few apprentices and their families were writhing, restless, and struggling."It seems that you are the hidden traitors!"Mirror image Aise said confidently. Although they were bound by the contract and couldn't betray them directly, it wasn't strange for some people to be disloyal and try to betray them in a roundabout way.Although it was only a suspicion, it had to be verified before he could be at ease!Mirror image Aise woke everyone up and ordered the few people who were found to have a tacit understanding with the army to reveal everything in front of everyone.After everyone heard this, their anger almost overflowed."These few people, I declare, must be executed! Traitors will not have a good ending. "Aise said somewhat sternly. Under his suggestion, the group of apprentices also appeared to be agitated.After dealing with these traitors, Aise continued to speak."Fellow peers on the path of magic, the projection of the Abyss has already descended in the North. We only have one path ahead, and that is to head north and go deep into the Lar Mountains.""Other than a small number of barbarian tribes, there are magical creatures everywhere in the Lar Mountains. It is definitely not the primary attack direction of the Abyss Demons. What they desire is the blood and souls of humans. Only by attacking the Medemus City-state in the South can we obtain them. ""Therefore, we have to head north. After meeting up with another group of apprentices, we will choose a suitable place to settle down in the Lar Mountains. I will lead everyone to build a Sorcerer Academy in the Lar Mountains that belongs to us. We will also build a magic town near the academy to settle everyone's relatives and friends! "Under Aise's highly suggestive and charming voice, everyone began to have some beautiful visions of the future. A Sorcerer Academy and a small town that belonged to the apprentices could be said to be their country.This idea was originally very difficult to realize because the southern part of the Lar Mountains was being eroded day by day by the North. There were also some barbarians remaining in the mountains. There were many powerful intermediate and even high-level magical creatures at the northern border of the mountains that occasionally came south.However, after the descent of the Abyss Demons, all of this became easy to realize.The Northern Army of the Medemus City-state was basically wiped out. The demons and the City-state, the Abyss Lord Drucker Bach and the Goddess of Grace Medea, would definitely have a long and drawn-out war.The barbarian tribes were not strong and were not a problem. They could even provide slaves and experimental subjects for the future Sorcerer Academy and magic town.

There were a large number of low-level magical creatures and powerful low-level magical creatures in the central part of the Lar Mountains. They could also provide good magical materials for the apprentices to make spellcasting materials, magic items, and magic potions.The only thing to worry about was the intermediate and high-level magical creatures in the northern part of the mountains.Because Aise had the map of the Lar Mountains in his hands, this problem was not a big problem. If a large number of magical creatures really came south, they could also avoid them in advance.Moreover, the powerful magical creatures in the northern part of the Lar Mountains had actually blocked the path of the northern states to the south. Most of the caravans that communicated with the north and the south used sea routes to avoid the Lar Mountains.This was the next step of the plan that the main body and the mirror image had prepared in advance. They would organize all the apprentices that were still alive to evacuate from the northern border and go to the Lar Mountains to build a real academic organization and a small magic society attached to it.The secondary rune library had been filled up. The basic elements of magic, magic elements, runes, spell models, and derived runic matrices, magic circles, and magic rituals had been clarified.At this stage, there was no longer a need to wantonly spread magic books to gather basic information. Instead, they had to rely on the increasingly chaotic situation and lay dormant. They had to wait for the seeds of fire to grow into more torches and create sparks of wisdom.The future path of Magi and magic had to be a united, enlightened, and secretive academic community to be established.The academic community that Aise wanted to establish would share basic magical knowledge (secondary spell level) and make all the rune libraries and magical creature illustrations public.The academic community would exchange knowledge such as spell models, runic matrices, magic circles, magic rituals, magic potions, magic material formulas, enchantment alchemy, and enchantment techniques."Apostle Bayern, continue to lead everyone forward according to the guidance of the magic book. I will first go to another group of apprentices and guide them to meet up with you. "After the mirror image Aise finished speaking, it transformed into an eagle and flew away after circling a few times."By your will, we respectfully send off the great Firebringer, the founder of the path of magic, the guide of all Magi, Your Excellency Aise!"Black Cat Bayern was old and experienced. He understood his current role very well. He was the Firebringer's apostle, the messenger between the Firebringer and all the apprentices. He had to be the one who followed Aise's will the most closely.From what he understood, Aise's talent was unparalleled. He had created an extraordinary path for mortals from nothing, so he must have great academic wisdom that was difficult to express with words. However, as long as he was a human, he would have human flaws.