Report
                            
                            Now that he had made up his mind, Aise hurried to a secret room on the third floor of the west tower while his body was still strong after using the youth potion.He was able to construct the secret room and encrypted magic items thanks to the Spear of Sure-Hit he obtained seven years ago in the Baal Mountain Range.Aise's doppelganger had analyzed the spear and obtained the secret of the rune encryption, as well as the Concept Rune of Sure-Hit. Once the Concept Rune of Sure-Hit was added to the offensive spell model, the mana consumption would greatly increase, and the attack range would also be reduced to less than a meter.Throwing a spear required one to aim and throw it near the locked enemy, then rely on the Concept Rune of Sure-Hit to complete the final part of the attack.The Concept Rune of Sure-Hit had a wide range of applications. Not only could it be used to construct secret rooms, but it could also be used to seal the rune structure of magic items so that others could not effectively observe them with their spiritual senses.Aise placed his hand on the secret door of the secret room and matched it with his soul wave. The door slowly opened.Behind the door was a circular room with a height of five meters and a radius of five meters.The floor and walls were painted with dense mysterious patterns that flickered in and out of existence.Aise could feel his body weakening at every moment. He did not dare to wait too long and sat down on a magic array. He took out the Dimensional Belly from behind his waist and placed the Soul Magic Stone inside.He then got up and placed the Soul Magic Stone on another magic array."I hope I can contact that kind existence from last time and make a deal with him."Aise dragged his tired body out of the secret room and went to the storage room of magic materials. The room was engraved with the Rune of Organ Preservation. Aise put the giant monster's head and broken heart into the Dimensional Belly and returned to the secret room after a short while.These complex magic arrays were used by Ace as the equivalent of a summoning ritual magic array.It was composed of a spatial positioning magic array, a summoning magic array, a fair contract magic array, an equivalent exchange magic array, and a keepsake magic array.Aise skillfully embedded the corresponding spatial coordinate runes into the spatial positioning magic array. The keepsake he obtained from the equivalent exchange last time was a small bubble.Aise stared at the colorful bubble.The Bubble of Pleasant Dreams was the name of the keepsake. The owner of the keepsake had transformed his pleasant mood into a dream and stored it within.

Since an advanced apprentice's perception was not enough to observe this mysterious item, Aise had always wanted to keep it until he became an official Magus to study its mysteries.Unfortunately, there was no time to wait. The problem with his body forced him to contact that existence again.Aise placed the Bubbles of Delightful Dreams on top of the Token Magic Array, activating both the Spatial Locator Magic Array and the Token Magic Array. As the Mana in the Token Magic Array pulsed rhythmically, the spatial barrier gradually thinned. Aise continued to draw closer to the spatial node he had stumbled upon last time.Outside the world, there were endless spaces, half-planes, sub-planes, and quasi-planes floating around. Void creatures roamed in the Sea of Unreality, and countless dream creatures shuttled back and forth.A crystal-clear giant creature was resting somewhere in the Sea of Void. It was about 100 meters long, and its waist was about 60 meters wide.It was yawning in its sleep. Colorful bubbles emerged from its nostrils and surrounded its body, forming a dream fog that stretched for thousands of meters.A Void Worm accidentally entered the mist and was instantly captured by the mist, unable to move.The crystal-clear creature seemed to have been woken up by the Void Worm. It yawned unhappily, opened its crystal-clear wings, and opened its eyes, revealing a pair of colorful eyes.It "stood" in the void. It had four stubby limbs, lion claws, snake tail, and a lizard-like head. If one looked closely at its crystal-clear skin, one would find that it was covered with a layer of glowing scales.Its soft abdomen was embedded with all kinds of rare gemstones, forming a sturdy abdominal armor."I'm so hungry, I want to eat a big meal! What's going on in this world? Why can't I enter the Prime Material Plane? I'm not a true God, just a demigod. Is it because I'm an outsider that the world discriminates against me? "It, who had just eaten in its dream, opened its eyes and found that it was still floating in the endless Sea of Void. It didn't eat any delicious food. It angrily grabbed the Void Worm and kicked it around like a ball."Why don't I try to enter another dimension?"It kicked the Void Worm for a while and felt bored. It threw it on the fog and said thoughtfully.In fact, it had tried to enter other dimensions many times. Unfortunately, these dimensions were too fragile and couldn't withstand the arrival of a demigod. It tried to force its way in to find some delicious food, but the end result was the destruction of these dimensions.Destroying the dimensions in the world strengthened the Originator of the World's disgust toward it. As a great being that could cross the Astral World, it felt very wronged.

It just wanted to find some delicious food. Why was it so difficult?After thinking carefully for a while, it finally chose to give up. As for the other demigods and sub-planes, they all had solid plane walls. More importantly, it had used up most of its power to cross the Astral World. It was impossible for it to be a match for the demigods and gods in this world.At this moment, it felt a weak but familiar call."Interesting bug, it contacted me again. I wonder what it has prepared this time."It, who was bored to death, responded to the call excitedly.Aise looked at the space getting closer and closer. He could feel the situation on the other side. Illusion and reality were intertwined. The book spirit above his head was also observing and communicating with Aise.That's right, it was indeed the Sea of Void. The other party was a great being that could survive in the Sea of Void.Aise remembered clearly that to survive in the Sea of Void, other than the Void, Dream, and creatures with similar rules, only the legendary heroes and above could do it.Even through the space barrier, Aise could feel the power and vastness of the other party. It wasn't deliberately made, but the pressure that the other party revealed inadvertently.Aise couldn't find anything under the Mana Sensitive Observation, which made him believe that this was a terrifying being. If it weren't for the fact that he had no choice, Aise wouldn't want to call this being even though this being seemed friendly and easy to communicate with.The difference in life was too big. If an ant could call a human, the human would definitely look at it curiously and even satisfy the strange ant's wish. However, the difference between the two was too big. Even if the human had good intentions, the result might not be good.In just a moment, many thoughts flashed through Aise's mind. The Fair Contract Magic Circle was activated. Aise called this crystal being and tried to communicate with it.Looking at the emerging contract, it grinned. "What an interesting bug. You want to make a fair deal with me. I'll grant you the opportunity to make a fair deal. Now, let's see what you can offer me."Through the magic circle, Aise heard the words of that being. It wasn't in the common language, but it could reach his soul. Aise immediately understood.Aise said respectfully, "Great being, I'd like to offer you the head and heart of a fresh mid-level monster as a sacrifice. In exchange, I'll be able to restore my body to the level of a hero."The crystal being stood up and peeped at Aise and the monster's head and heart through the magic circle.

"You seem to be a creature of pure mortal blood. It's not easy to achieve a breakthrough in the level of your soul.However, your body can't keep up with this breakthrough. Your body can't carry your soul, and the only result is that it will collapse. It's not impossible to recover, but I'm not interested in your sacrifice. "
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login