Report
                            
                            Every reflection had power that was not inferior to the heroes. They formed groups of two or three and besieged the heroes.For a moment, the heroes in the fortress fell into a bitter battle.The Gray Believers arrived one after another. With the support of the night, the power of the Gray Believers became even stronger. The Descendants of God in Moore's mansion were in imminent danger.Some of the God's Missionaries held strange items in their hands and activated all kinds of strange powers. They deftly dealt with the shadow attacks of the Gray Believers.Some of the God's Missionaries were very poor. They could only use their flesh and fists to face the fear of death at this moment.These heroes relied on their innate authority to fight back and forth with the Gray Believers. From time to time, they could even kill a few unlucky Gray Believers.Aise the Eagle soared in the sky. His Insight Perception and naked eyes had reached the peak. He could take advantage of the fact that the opponents were beaten to a pulp to make a killing!These were not heroes or Gray Believers. They were all martial arts, authority, and runes!Alex, who was standing at the side, waved his hand gently. The waiting Gray Priests moved out. These heroes quickly fell into a bitter battle."This is just an appetizer. My main dish is Moore Rona. I hope you can come as soon as possible."With Alex's whisper, the projection of a great demon gradually appeared in the dark shadows behind him.Ambrio looked at the people fighting in front of Moore's mansion and shook his head gently. There was a sarcastic smile on his sinister face. He waved his hand and a group of hairless dogs appeared.Their bodies were highly rotten, and their speed was extremely fast. From afar, they looked a bit like skinned dog meat that had not been braised well."Then let them perform for me on the final stage. Please allow me to retreat first."Ambrio bowed slightly in Alex's direction and then disappeared into the shadows.Alex noticed the group of hairless dogs. It was something created by a maverick Gray Priest. This priest was maverick because he could directly communicate with the Gray Lord, Deckbach.Even if Alex was very dissatisfied with him and felt that he was a threat, he could not get past Deckbach and kill him directly.It was the same now. He had brought his hairless dogs, but he had retreated first. Obviously, he had seen through Alex's plan, which made Alex even angrier."The last person who pissed me off seemed to have his soul tortured in the shadows. Will you be the next?" Alex looked at the group of hairless dogs attacking the Demigod and a vicious glint flashed in his eyes.

On the other hand, thanks to Alex's summoning of the priests, the Gray Dark believers and the descendants of God were all gathered in Moore's mansion. The battle was in full swing. Other than the witch, no one noticed the escape of the wizard apprentices.Betty drove the Type 1 Apprentice to carry the four people on her back and raised the strange greatsword. Finally, they arrived at the first alley near the South Gate. She was out of breath and had consumed a lot of her magic power.Betty looked around and saw the familiar Bayern the black cat and a few other familiar members of the research society. There were also some people she had never seen before."I am the Fire Relayer's apostle, Bayern. Please follow my instructions and leave the fortress together. If you don't follow my instructions, the contract will give you the punishment you deserve. "Bayern the black cat stood on the top of the wall and looked down at the crowd. It used a secondary sound spell to transmit its voice to the ears of every apprentice and the people they brought."Time is up. I can only express my regret for the apprentices who didn't make it to the gathering point in time. Apprentices, please take care of your family and friends. You will have to make your own decisions. "Aise's Night Owl had already prepared everything. He activated Sauron, who was once charmed. With Sauron's familiarity with the South Gate and his identity as a team leader, they successfully opened a side door of the South Gate of the fortress. They silently led everyone out of the chaotic vortex.At this time, the God's Missionary, who had strengthened the defense of each gate, rushed in with a group of soldiers."Captain, he is the one who let those strange people out. Should we chase after him?"A soldier grabbed Sauron and reported to the God's Missionary."No need. Let's guard the gate and lock this guy up. We will interrogate him in the morning!"The Witch glanced at Sauron. Her eyes were complicated and changeable. No one knew what she was thinking.She looked at the apprentices and mortals who left in the dark. She looked at the black cat Bayern the leader and Aise the Night Owl who was on guard in the sky. Her red lips curled up."It's getting more and more interesting. Are you the devil's followers that the City-state talked about? I don't know how different you are from me. "The Witch was not in a hurry. She looked at the apprentices who were quietly escaping with great interest in her eyes.

"It has been a long time since this kind of extraordinary seed appeared among the mortals. Should I give them a push and make the situation more chaotic, or should I directly crush this seed? "Her graceful figure gradually disappeared, leaving only her charming voice echoing in the air. No one knew what she was really thinking.Inside the fortress, Moore's mansion.It was already halfway through the night. It was the darkest time. The power of Gray was also the most active and powerful time.With the addition of the featherless roasted meat dogs, the situation was almost one-sided. The Descendants of God in the fortress would not be able to hold on any longer.Aise the eagle flew to the edge of the sky again. He knew this group of rotten dogs. Dana was almost killed by them. He did not expect them to be even more powerful and ominous.Aise was a little uneasy. He was ready to retreat while recording!At this moment, the great hero Moore Rona finally rushed back with his men.When he saw the scene in front of him, his eyes were wide open!The ice crystal dagger in his hand emitted a dazzling white light, turning the night into day in an instant.Accompanied by the dazzling light, several streets near the mansion were all frozen and turned into a sea of frost.This sea of frost contained magical power that resembled waves. Any power of Grayness that came into contact with it would be instantly frozen. The believers of Grayness that couldn't escape in time would be turned into eternal ice sculptures in the dazzling light.Aise, who was retreating, almost had his eyes split open. That powerful power was unparalleled. He wanted it so much!The Book Spirit sat on top of his head and said in a childish voice, "What cool knowledge, this should be the flavor of a legend!"Alex was also very familiar with the strange item in Moore's hand. He saw Moore and retreated immediately, quickly leaving the strange item's attack range.What surprised him was that most of the seemingly stupid hairless roasted meat dogs had also escaped. They gathered together and tore at each other."It's a treasure relic, the Tribute of Frost!" Alex whispered a few words with fear in his eyes.Legend had it that this ice dagger was left behind by the ancestor of the frost descendants, the only son of the God of Frost Rona, the one who died young, Lixi Rona.The Son of Frost, Lixi Rona's most trusted companion. However, he was betrayed by his companion who was also a descendant of God. He was ambushed by the abyssal demons and died of exhaustion.

Before he died, he waved this dagger and used the power of his treasure relic.Lixi's treasure relic could permanently turn the entire land into a world of frost. This was a frost with magical power. As long as Lixi stood on this frost, he would have endless power.As for the active frost, he could transform into various frost beasts and frost weapons. He could use the various effects of frost to defeat his enemies.In the end, Lixi was lifted into the sky by the demons and killed in the air. The dagger fell and became the famous treasure relic, the Tribute of Frost.