Report
                            
                            A shadow claw suddenly emerged from the shadows where he had just been hiding. As an enchantment apprentice, although no one called him that anymore, Bent still had very good melee combat skills.He raised his mechanical arm, and the Magic Crystal Axe appeared instantly.Lesser Leap, Lesser Strengthening, and Lesser Magic Crystal Shield.With the activation of the spell models, his mechanical left arm raised the axe, and his right arm stuck to the shield. He moved nimbly and jumped, and it was difficult to separate from the three people who had emerged.Bent was very cautious. He only used Magic Crystal Shaping, enchantment techniques, and body strengthening spells throughout the entire battle. While probing the abilities of the other party, he tried not to expose his trump cards and delay as much time as possible. The three masked men didn't know that Bent had already contacted reinforcements. They tested Bent's abilities unhurriedly and estimated that they would attack the surrounding houses.Bent's eyes were wide open. He ordered the other three beginner apprentices to not participate in the battle through the magic book and organized the militia to lead the people in an emergency evacuation."Don't you have any other moves? If you have any hidden trump cards, use them as soon as possible, or you won't have a chance. "Besieged by the three, Bent was clumsy.The Heroic-level masked man seemed to have run out of patience as he said in a gloomy voice.Bent didn't reply. He fiercely attacked one of them, then turned around and used Lesser Stab to quickly move more than a hundred meters and escape."Chase him! Catch him and interrogate him carefully. "The leader of the masked men said viciously.They quickly approached Bent and the location of the trap he had set.It was an abandoned tunnel. The three masked men chased Bent into the tunnel. The leader raised his hand and said, "You two, go in and take a look."The other two masked men looked at each other, seemingly unwilling. However, their strength didn't allow them to be unwilling, so they could only enter.Seeing that only two people had entered, Bent didn't activate the binding rune array he had set up. Instead, he charged directly. His mechanical arm instantly exerted force, and he used Enchanted Black Gunpowder as a casting material. Lesser Torrent of Flames!The white flames spewed out burned the bones of the two men. In just an instant, there was only one enemy left."I'm going to counterattack!"Bent roared with certainty.The only living hooded masked man hesitated, as if he was afraid of an unknown trap. He turned into a shadow and disappeared quietly.

Bent panted heavily. As an intermediate apprentice, even if he had a lesser magic stone to replenish his energy, suddenly casting such a powerful spell would consume a lot of his spiritual force. With his current spiritual force, he could only use it three times at most.He carefully stuck to the wall, held his breath, and activated Secondary Insight."The other party seemed to have discovered the magic mark and used some method to remove it. Could it have escaped? That way, our territory might be exposed! "Many thoughts flashed through Bent's mind in an instant. At the thought of being exposed, a drop of cold sweat flowed down his forehead.After being attacked by the army of the Northern Territory during the Night of Blood, he finally found a place to settle down under the snow of the Lar Mountain Range. Under the leadership of Lord Aise, a magical society flourished day by day. He didn't want to run away again.Holding back his fear, Bent sent his location to Anzesta through the magic book driven by his sense of responsibility, and then searched for the hooded masked man.Bent could only walk out of the ambush point and step into the darkness.Not long after, a dazzling flame exploded like a brilliant firework, leaving behind a charred ground.On the other side, Anzesta rode on a powerful low-ranked magic creature, the Winged Tempest Horse, leaving the rest far behind and arriving at the mining town first."Lord Anzesta, Lord Bent lured three enemies to the abandoned mine. He ordered us to evacuate the people to the town's barracks."The three beginner apprentices in the mining town already knew Anzesta. Seeing him near the barracks, they hurriedly went up to him.At this moment, Anzesta's magic book was slightly hot, but he didn't seem to care. After exchanging a few words with the three apprentices, he quickly went to the abandoned mine.From afar, Anzesta could smell a burning smell. The mana here was extremely chaotic, and the fire elemental was extremely active. Anzesta looked around vigilantly.His heartbeat sped up, like a marching drum or a bugle horn declaring war.The Virtue of Compassion runes covered his heart like a fountain, from which silver-white Heart Power of Compassion surged out.In almost an instant, Anzesta and his mount were covered in a layer of silver. His eyes turned from sky blue to silvery-white, and the surroundings changed in his eyes.The chaotic mana seemed to follow some kind of pattern. Anzesta rode his horse slowly to a scorched pit, his eyes flashing."The remains of the activated mechanical arm, the pit created by special enchanted gunpowder, and Bent's figure is nowhere to be seen. Could it be that he's …?"

Anzesta looked at everything, his heartbeat slowing down. His mood was complicated and heavy.Suddenly, a sound came from the darkness.Anzesta drew his knight's longsword. After years of refinement, this longsword had mutated, becoming a true heartforce longsword."Who is it?"The silvery-white compassion suddenly flourished, and a cold, crescent-shaped heartforce slashed out from the longsword.The person opposite him rolled to the side, barely dodging. He shouted, "Anzesta, are you trying to kill me?"The voice belonged to Bent. He was covered in blood and scorched everywhere. His left arm was empty, but his eyes were resolute.Anzesta seemed to be relieved. He canceled the silver heartforce and urged his horse toward Bent.Just as Anzesta approached, Bent suddenly exploded. Dozens of shadow claws drilled out of his shadow and rushed toward Anzesta.Anzesta seemed to have expected this. He kicked his mount lightly, flapped his wings, and rose to a low altitude. After circling in the air, dozens of sharp silver heartforce slashed out.On the ground, Bent revealed an evil smile and jumped away, entering the shadows. When he reappeared, he had turned back into the hooded masked man.The mottled badge on his chest seemed to be reminding Anzesta of something. Anzesta stared at the mask. The pained face was Bent's!"A demon follower? You actually blaspheme the souls of the dead. Unforgivable. "Anzesta said angrily, urging his pegasus to attack with great agility.After probing for ten minutes, Anzesta rode his pegasus into the sky. His heartbeat sped up, and his heartforce flowed to his right hand, forming a huge silvery-white lance.Anzesta and his horse became one. Like a silver meteor, they shot toward the hooded man with Bent's pained expression.Bang!The hooded man was sent flying by the powerful impact of the lance. Bent's expression was even more pained, but he himself was moving as usual.Anzesta's expression didn't change. He continued to charge like a meteor."Too weak. Is that all you've got? You can't even compare to the person in my mask. "
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login