Report
                            
                            Bayern faced the sunlight of the rising sun and looked at the completely extinguished bonfire and Ace, who was floating in the air and overlapped with the rising sun. He suddenly stood up and said in a loud voice,"A person with the power of thought is the measure of all things! Respected Firebringer, you are our teacher of thought! "The apprentices stood up one after another. They had found their own perseverance, their own path, and loudly cheered for Aise."Teacher Aise, Teacher Aise, Teacher Aise!"Sulu even shouted: "If the heavens didn't give birth to Aise, the eternal extraordinary would be like the long night!"Bayern's breath was stuck in his chest. He looked back at Sulu sullenly. 'I was the one who thought of it first. Why did this guy say it in front of everyone first?'After floating in the air for a night, the magic power of the mirror image Aise had been mostly used up. He slowly landed and stood at the ashes of the bonfire. He said to Sulu:"Actually, I don't want to be the only light in the long night. I want to ignite your fire of truth and pass it on to you. Every Wizard Apprentice could be the next Firebringer!"He faced the morning sun and said to the Wizard Apprentices:"The sun has risen. I hope that one day, Wizards can grasp the truth and we can become the sun!I also hope that you can continue to strive for the truth. I hope that one day, you can say to me, 'I love my teacher, but I love the truth more!' ""Don't believe in authority, including me. Always maintain the spirit of questioning and always ask a few more whys! Then we, a group full of vitality, can pass on this spirit forever. One day, we will solve the 'Warren Problem'! "Bayern, Betty, Warren and the others looked at Aise with admiration. Dana's face was even blushing. This kind of Aise, this kind of Aise who wholeheartedly pursued the truth, was too charming!Aise led a group of apprentices and friends as they slowly walked towards the snow-covered Lar Mountains. Behind them was the dark projection of the abyss. Bayern held the die in his hand, sensing if there was any danger ahead.Aise whispered a few words to Bayern and let him continue to lead the group. He himself transformed into an eagle and looked down at the Lar Mountain Range to observe the situation ahead.Hundreds of people formed a long, winding black snake in the snow-white Lar Mountain Range. This was the spark of hope.On the other side, in a nameless valley in the eastern part of the Lar Mountain Range near the Pontos Sea, Aise's main body had basically controlled the entire barbarian tribe in the valley through the intimidation of force, charm of key figures, and group suggestion.

With the experience of the manor's construction, Aise was prepared to replicate the manor on this piece of land and carry out even more drastic reforms. He wanted to gradually abolish slavery and create a small magical society that belonged to the Magi.Aise's main body led the barbarians and began to plan and build a new settlement.All the barbarians prostrated themselves on all fours, offering their loyalty to Aise. In their eyes, Aise was a particularly powerful shaman. Submitting to him was a very normal thing for the barbarians.Aise gently floated up and looked down at the close to five thousand barbarians prostrating themselves on the ground. He used the secondary sound rune as the core of the Booming spell and said:"This is a new starting point, a new hope. We will make good use of the opportunity created by the abyssal demons. In this isolated land, we will lay low and develop. All the monsters in the Lar Mountain Range will be the resources of the future Magus Academy. Magic will definitely rise!""Now, we will expand our vision infinitely, beyond the prime material plane, to the outer world.This is a strange place. It is called the Unknown World that mortals cannot see.It is called this because the entire outer Sea of Void is filled with strange energy that seems to be both real and illusory. The entire outer world is the interlayer between reality and illusion.Other than the Dream Creatures, Regulation-Type Creatures, and Void Creatures that were born to survive between reality and illusion, in theory, only Souls and Legendary beings could survive between reality and illusion on the outside.In the outer world's Sea of Void, there are alternate dimensions, half-planes, sub-planes, and even strange laws of space. There are half-planes created by demigods, sub-planes created by ordinary gods, and sub-planes created by main gods or similar beings.If creatures below the legendary realm want to survive in the outer world, they can only directly enter the many strange spaces floating in the Sea of Void through warp.The so-called sub-planes are infinitely close to the inner world. The main gods are almost omniscient and omnipotent in the sub-planes. They are the creators of the sub-planes!There are four sub-planes in the outer world. They are the Kaya Holy Mountain, the Endless Abyss, the Nine Hells, and the Underworld.The world of Kaya gave birth to thirteen Titan Main Gods. Each of them has the power to create a sub-plane. The first Titan turned his body into the Underworld. His soul was tempered and reincarnated into the new Underworld King Lamore.The other twelve Titan Main Gods, including the Divine King Cronus, lived on the Kaya Holy Mountain.

The Kaya Holy Mountain was the residence of the Kaya Gods. It was based on the mountain range formed by the skull of Kaya. The sub-planes created by the twelve Titan Main Gods merged.Although the Kaya Holy Mountain was called a mountain, its space was vast and its laws were perfect. Other than the inner world, no other place could compare.Even the Abyss could only compare to it in terms of space. However, the laws of the Abyss were chaotic and evil. It was not perfect. In terms of laws, it could not compare to the Kaya Holy Mountain.Other than souls, only legendary heroes can enter the great Kaya Holy Mountain and walk with the gods.If one were to extend one's vision, in the endless outer Sea of Void, the Holy Mountain was like a huge bubble floating above the Sea of Void. The sub-planes and half-planes of the many ordinary gods and demigods of the Kaya pantheon were like small bubbles attached to it.One of the bubbles was the kingdom of the Goddess of Elegance, Medea.She was lying lazily on a high throne made of pure white snow crystals. Her beautiful figure was so graceful. Every frown and smile of hers was filled with absolute elegance.Aleas Rona sat in the middle of the throne. His lower body was gently massaging the goddess' knees as he looked at the Goddess of Elegance, Medea.Ever since he died a hundred years ago, Aleas had come to the kingdom of the goddess. Here, the goddess had reconstructed his body and he could serve the goddess forever.The throne was on a high platform. Below it was a small throne. The Son of God, the legendary hero Rhonamus Medea was sitting majestically on it.Below the platform, a group of petitioners formed by the souls of mortals were singing and dancing.Not everyone who believed in the gods was qualified to enter the kingdom of the gods. Most souls could only painfully endure the cleansing of the River Styx on the Wall of Sighs. The River Styx would wash away the memories of their previous lives and even their souls. Only a little of their true soul could leave the Wall of Sighs and be reincarnated along the River Styx.Only a few who were favored by the gods were qualified to enter the kingdom of the gods.