Report
                            
                            Two weeks later, there was a new item called magic stone among the apprentices. Almost every day, the apprentices were required to enter the second underground floor of the magic school's castle.Eddie, who was sleeping, suddenly woke up. Before he could wash up, he stuffed a piece of white bread into his mouth and put on his magic robe. Then, he grabbed a bag and rushed out of the dormitory, running down the stairs."Eddie, you're too slow!" A red-haired young wizard with a flat nose sniffed and said to Eddie."Yeah, all the good spots have been taken by others. Our magic stone earnings today will definitely be much lower!" A brown-haired girl with fluffy hair also said with some dissatisfaction."It's my fault, it's my fault. Later tonight, I'll treat all of you to braised chicken at the Tasty Restaurant on Magic Front Street. "Eddie touched his head and said with a smile.After hearing Eddie's words, the dissatisfaction on their faces disappeared. The three of them quickly walked to the second underground floor of the castle.There were hundreds of lesser magic stone conversion arrays on the second underground floor. However, most of the spots near the giant magic stone conversion array were occupied by others. The magic energy there was dense, and the conversion effect was the best.An intermediate apprentice with a Will of over 20 could barely support the consumption of one magic stone conversion array. The beginner apprentices with a Will of only 9 needed three people to perform one magic stone conversion array.As time passed, the apprentices had already discovered that magic was also a talent. At the same time, at the same meditation every day, some of them quickly became intermediate apprentices, while some of them stayed at the beginner apprentice level.The generation of inherent magic energy was a big barrier for many apprentices. As for the space of the soul, they didn't even touch the door.Eddie looked enviously at the few intermediate apprentices who were performing magic stone conversion on their own. His eyes were filled with determination. He must become an intermediate apprentice!The three of them opened their bags and threw the mouths, necks, and trunks of the Man-eating Giant Flower they killed last time into the magic circle. Then, they sat in an equilateral triangle on the three points of the magic circle.Eddie adjusted his breath and began to activate the magic array. His Will slowly flowed along the lines of the magic array. As the magic array was activated, the three of them began to meditate. They were the middlemen. Through meditation, they absorbed the surrounding magic energy and poured it into the magic array.With the passage of time, the Demonic Creature materials in the magic array gradually transformed into a transparent Mana storage medium. When the neutral Mana was injected into it, the Mana storage medium became even more transparent and sparkling.

"There are only three pieces, and none of them are red. Sure enough, we can't get any of the fire-type Mana from the gigantic magic array from our position."The brown-haired girl said regretfully."Don't be depressed. I'll treat everyone to some braised chicken. No matter what, the three of us have saved up 10 Magic Stones. We can go to Aise's Magic Pet Shop to buy a Shadow Crow as a pet!"Eddie said to the two of them.Two weeks ago, more than ten different kinds of shops had sprung up on the street in front of the magic castle. The most attractive ones were Aise Magic Pet Shop and Aise Magic Item Shop.The Shadow Crow was the most popular Magic Pet among the Wizard Apprentices. It could transform into shadows, move quickly, and attack the soul. If that was all, the Shadow Crow would only be a special Magic Pet. It wouldn't be so popular among the Wizard Apprentices.The most important effect of the Shadow Crow was the Spirit Damage Transfer Contract provided by the Pet Shop. The Shadow Crow was similar to a soul, but different from a soul. It could replace its owner to bear all kinds of supernatural effects that affected the soul.With the Shadow Crow, one's life would be more secure.There were many subspecies of the Shadow Crow. Eddie and the others didn't have many Magic Stones, so they each bought the most common Shadow Crow.When they passed by Aise's Magic Item Shop, Eddie couldn't help but go in again. He stared at a Magic Item with a longing look.It was a thick blanket. Not far from the blanket was a small metal sign. On it was written, "Luminous 001 Flying Magic Carpet, Take You to the Sky!"Eddie and the others talked and laughed as they left the dormitory. The shadows under their feet twisted from time to time. They walked into the hall and heard the Wizard Apprentices discussing something."The Magic Academic Journal 'Magic' is published! The price is one Lesser Magic Stone, and the first issue is free. ""You're too slow. Look at what this is.""'Magic'? Let me have a look. "A few Wizard Apprentices huddled together and flipped through the first ever Magic Academic Journal.Eddie pricked up his ears and listened to their discussion. He couldn't help but walk over. A line of words came into his eyes and directly hit his heart."Living Fossil Magic: Also on Several Ways to Cultivate a Contract Familiar." Polina.His heart seemed to have been hooked. He stared at the magic letters on the paper.

"I think there are four types of Contract Familiars: Research Familiars, Combat Familiars, Lifestyle Familiars, and Compound Familiars.Everyone wants a Familiar that can help us with research, fight, and take care of our lives. It seems difficult to achieve, but by cultivating a Living Magic Life that belongs to us, maybe … ""I don't want to read this paper. A True Wizard still has to rely on himself. Familiars are also unreliable. Let's read Mr. Aise's paper, 'Life Restoration: An Exploration of Life Extension' first. Only with infinite life can we conquer infinite knowledge! "Said the Wizard Apprentice who brought the Magic Academic Journal here. Eddie could only watch him turn over, and his heart felt like it was being scratched by a cat.Eddie walked to the red-haired Wizard Apprentice and the brown-haired Wizard Apprentice. He pulled them to the East Tower and said, "Let's go and get the free Magic Academic Journal!"The Wizard Apprentice looked at Eddie in surprise and said, "Didn't you say you don't want to share your knowledge for free?"The brown-haired Wizard Apprentice also said in a high-pitched voice, "Someone said that even if he didn't graduate, he would insist that knowledge has a price. How can he break his promise?"Eddie blushed and said in a low voice, "How can you say I break my promise when it comes to apprentices? Apprentices …"Hearing Eddie talk about "Cornerstone Principles" and "Looking out for each other", the two Wizard Apprentices laughed happily. For a moment, the atmosphere was filled with joy.As they talked and laughed, they arrived at the East Tower and got the first issue of Magic from Bayern.Eddie quickly opened it and flipped through the catalog.Dana, "Seven Commonly Used Shaping Weapons", "Basic Principles of Steam Engine", "Betty," Nine Magic Applications of Black Gunpowder "," Lou Xilu, "Research on the Nature of Shadow Crows", "Aise …"There were 32 articles in the thick volume. Paulina's article was on page 53.Eddie turned to page 53 and began to read carefully. In the castle, more and more apprentices began to read the Magic Academic Journal. A trend was brewing.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login