Report
                            
                            On the other side, in the city, Romon, who had been delayed for a while and was unable to run, planned to escape as soon as possible under Peter's persuasion.Bo Lina quietly approached Betty and adjusted her expression. Lou Xilu had told her that Betty looked cold on the outside but warm on the inside, and she was actually very easy to get along with. As long as Lou Xilu praised Betty, especially about her intelligence, she would be very easy to get along with.Bo Lina showed a big smile on her face and said softly, "Miss Betty, what's that in your hand? It looks like the wooden golems made by the magic ship. "Betty, who was frowning, glanced at Bo Lina and said casually, "It's a new spell developed by Mr. Firebringer, Secondary Life Activation. The activation of the magic ship should be related to this spell.I've added some secondary earth elemental runes, so it should be a secondary earth elemental, but I don't know why it's still a pile of mud. "Bo Lina looked at the secondary earth elemental in Betty's hand and thought about Lou Xilu's words. She said in a surprised voice, "Miss Betty, you're so awesome. The spell model of this spell looks super complicated, but you've not only learned it, but also made a corresponding second innovation. Can I touch this secondary earth elemental?"After being praised by Bo Lina, Betty smiled somewhat proudly and reservedly. She handed the secondary earth elemental lifeform to Bo Lina and said in a somewhat sonorous voice:She said in a high voice, "It took me less than half an hour to learn this spell, and it took me less than a day to improve it. If you want to learn how to improve it, you can exchange for this spell, and I'll teach you for free."Bo Lina looked at the proud Betty with a surprised expression and said, "You're so generous, Miss Betty!"While they were discussing, the other apprentices had already started to tour the magic ship. Bayern followed the jumping little wooden man and walked below the deck. The ship's hull was only six meters tall and thirty meters long, but the interior of the ship was so spacious.It was more than five meters tall and nearly three thousand square meters wide. On the ceiling, there were dozens of secondary controllable light balls, which were constantly emitting bright light.A group of wooden people were busy inside, painting the wooden walls and floor with magic paint. This was the living area of the cabin, and the living space was dozens of times larger than the deck.There was a luxurious restaurant for apprentice adepts, a convenient restaurant for commoners, a sports area, a resting area, an entertainment area, a kitchen area, a storage area, a vegetable area, and a livestock area.Bayern vaguely felt that he had come to a quiet small town. If there were enough people living in the magic ship, this place would become extremely lively in an instant.

The second and third floors of the magic ship were ordinary cabins with a height of two meters and could accommodate thousands of people.Bayern went down the spiral staircase in the center. The fourth floor was a luxurious cabin with a height of more than four meters. This was the place Aise reserved for apprentices and other important people.The sealed bottommost layer was the energy conversion and storage layer of the magic ship. At the same time, it was also the hub. With Ace's permission, other sorcerer-apprentices could command the magic ship, Knowledge-Seeker, through the bottommost crystal ball.Looking at this incredible cabin, Bayern's eyes revealed pride. Although he did not understand why the interior space of the cabin was so huge, he knew that it was the result of magic. It was the glory of wizards!He could not help but sigh. "Only we wizards can create such an unprecedented magic creation, and there will be more and more in the future! The heroes have nothing but power, but they can never create such exquisite creations. They only know how to use power in a barbaric way, but we will use power to promote the progress of civilization. "At this moment, a childish voice suddenly echoed in the cabin, "Respected sorcerer-apprentices, this tour is over. Please follow the wooden attendant beside you back to the deck."A few days later, Leon sent dozens of cooks, kitchen maids, and a large amount of food, vegetables, fruits, and livestock. After everything was ready, Aise moved the people and the goods onto the six brigs.He took about fifty apprentices and rode on the magic brigs, leading the other five brigs out of the port slowly.Aise appointed the mirror image as the acting governor, and Bayern as the assistant. They would be responsible for guarding the Wizard Tower territory and handling all affairs.When Aise told Bayern that he needed to stay in the territory to assist in handling affairs, Bayern said earnestly to Aise, "Master Aise, I have a residence in the Royal City of Medemus, and my only family member is there. If possible, I hope you can bring him to our territory."Aise looked at the white-haired Bayern and said solemnly, "As long as the time permits, I will bring your family member here."It was early winter, and the water in the Pontos sea was a little cold, but it had not yet frozen. The fleet of the Wizard Tower territory followed Borg's suggestion and disguised themselves as the Medemus City-state caravan, and sailed south.When Aise led the fleet to the south, Romon could no longer bear the pressure and went to find the scholar Peter.In the living room of Peter's villa, Romon bowed to Peter in a hurry and said, "Scholar Peter, I'm very sorry to disturb you. I have something very important, and I want to hear your opinion. "

Peter was silent for a moment. He waved his hand and asked Joan to close the door, and then said in a low voice,"I already know about your situation. Ever since I heard a lot of news about Aise's manor, I've been looking into it. I can't tell you the details, but I'm afraid there's nothing I can do.Some important people want to use Aise's manor to achieve some purpose. Although they don't care about the manor itself, you are in danger of being crushed to pieces!Even if you didn't come to me, I was going to come to you. I advise you to make a decision as soon as possible. "Romon looked at Peter's serious eyes, and his heart skipped a beat. He asked, "Scholar Peter, I really don't want Aise's efforts to be stolen by others. What should we do now?"Peter sighed and said to Romon sternly,"Now is not the time to feel sorry for Aise's efforts. The hunter has already sharpened his sword, taken out his bow, and carried his quiver. The cunning fox has already decided to hide. The clumsy squirrel is still eating the nuts in the trap. He doesn't know that death is knocking on his door!When it's time to make a decision, you must make a decision. Sell everything in the manor, get the Thales, and leave Medemus City-state by boat. Get out of this terrible vortex!Aise may also be in the Northern City-state. Find him and tell him never to come back! "Romon's mouth trembled slightly, and said, "Things have already come to this point?"Peter stood up and whispered in Romon's ear, "The crown prince is already in the ice coffin. You should remember who was the last one in the ice coffin. The Medemus City-state is about to change!"Romon felt like he was struck by lightning. The Medemus City-state was the most secretive and unmentionable thing. Although he had heard rumors, he couldn't believe that his family was involved in this kind of thing."I understand. Thank you, Teacher Peter. Aise is really lucky to have a teacher like you!"Romon bowed deeply to Peter and turned to leave.Peter looked at Romon's back and felt a little bleak. The cold wind from outside the villa blew into the room, and he couldn't help but shiver. The weather was getting colder and colder. Peter's spirit was a little haggard. The once strong old man was now a little hunched.Days passed, and Romon and Marina followed Dean Medea to the south gate of the Royal City. A dozen carriages were parked there.

The middle-aged man who went to Romon's house last time said to Romon before he and Marina boarded the carriage."Romon, it's not too late for you to wake up. Master Dean is merciful. With these Thales, you can go to the Pontos City-state and take a boat from Tsmali to the North. Hey! You should really thank Scholar Peter. "At the same time, Aise's fleet finally arrived in the waters near the town of Des in the Medemus City-state, near the unnamed island in the former sea.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login