Report
                            
                            The voice penetrated through the space barrier and knocked on Aise's soul with dignity. Aise had already merged his soul and body, and he was now a quasi-official wizard. He realized that he could now resist the shock caused by this kind of knocking.Although the voice was still majestic, Ace didn't feel like he was completely intimidated by it like before."The contract has been fulfilled. Prepare ten times more food for me, and I allow you to make your request."Aise respectfully bowed and slowly walked out of the secret room.He suppressed his desire to explore the changes in his soul and body, as well as his desire to combine 3D spell models. Instead, he called Logan and the others to prepare ten times the amount of steamed eggs with steamed meat and tofu. He also prepared a big bowl of cool magic ice cream.With the harmonization of his body and soul, he had a new idea about his request to that existence.An hour later, Aise walked slowly with eleven Hand of Spells following behind him. Each of them was holding a huge magic crystal bowl. Except for one big bowl that was filled with magic ice cream, the other bowls were filled with steamed eggs with steamed meat and tofu.In the secret room, Aise put ten big bowls of steamed eggs into the sacrificial magic circle and said respectfully, "Great being, please enjoy."As the magic power of the sacrificial magic circle and the summoning magic circle moved, the crystal-like creature on the other side of the space barrier started to reverse the summoning magic circle.Aise was already prepared. The ahoge on top of his head swayed and recorded the trajectory of the reverse summoning.As a quasi-official wizard, Aise's power of the will had been greatly enhanced. He had a miraculous resonance with the Book Spirit. It was as if he had become one with the Book Spirit for a short period of time. He instantly understood the mystery of the reverse summoning."I see. The theory is so simple. It's just that the calculation is a bit complicated. But it's not a big problem. I can restart the magic network and use the powerful calculation ability of the magic network to solve this problem. "Aise murmured as he tried to understand the trajectory left by the reverse summoning.The crystalline creature's eyes lit up when it saw the ten large bowls of Fiery Meat Paste and Tofu Steamed Eggs. Its body immediately enlarged and swallowed all ten large bowls of Fiery Steamed Eggs. Then, it suddenly became more than a meter tall.The crystalline creature patted its bulging belly, and its crystalline body turned slightly red. It closed its mouth and chewed for a while. After its head turned red, it opened its mouth and spat out flames."After suppressing the power, this food tastes even better! It was indeed the right choice for me to go out and explore. I've just arrived in a new world, and I've already found such interesting people and such delicious food! "

"Burp! It's just a little hot. "The translucent creature rolled around in the void and happily spoke with a young voice.After a long while, "He" sat up and said to the magic array and the contract balance that had appeared."It's really, really, really delicious. This X is very satisfied. What do you want? I can give you a large piece of void solute that can be used to cultivate your own alternate space. How about that?"The majestic voice went straight to Aise's heart and sounded in his heart. "I'm quite satisfied. Make your request, little bug. If you haven't thought it through, I'll give you an item of the same value as my pleasure. "Ace replied respectfully, "That's right."Great being, I want to ask for some knowledge from you.About the transition of life level, what should I pay attention to in the path ahead of me, how to advance from the hero level to a higher level without any hidden dangers, and how to completely get rid of the influence of the Abyss Whispers.I offer you a bowl of Extreme Cold Magic Ice Cream in exchange for this knowledge. "On the other side of the space barrier, the eyes of the crystalline creature that was sitting on the two-meter-tall space solute shone."Extreme Cold Magic Ice Cream. It looks delicious. Hurry up and send it over. I'll also promise to give you more knowledge."Aise heard the majestic voice. "Okay."Although this being is majestic, as long as I can cater to its taste, it's not difficult to get benefits, Aise thought.He carefully put the Extreme Cold Magic Ice Cream into the sacrificial magic circle and activated the sacrificial and summoning magic circles at the same time. With the rhythm of magic and the control of the mysterious being on the other side of the space barrier, the reverse summoning began.Aise once again seized the rare opportunity to record the trajectory of the reverse summoning. This was a rare experimental record.The Mulu Cow was a kind of magical creature with excellent milk quality. This magical cow was jointly discovered by Sulu and Warren. The relevant information was recorded in his paper "Ten Uses of Mulu Cow".Warren didn't sign this paper. It was thanks to this paper that Sulu graduated successfully.The high-quality condensed milk and yogurt made from Mulu Cow's milk plus the ice sparrow egg yolk were the main ingredients of the Extreme Cold Magic Ice Cream. The ice cream was mixed with the Frost Seven Leaf Grass that grew in the wind of the Lar Mountain Range and cast the spell Extreme Cold Ray.

This kind of extremely cold food was most suitable for people who had just eaten hot and spicy food. They could enjoy the feeling of both ice and fire.The crystal-clear creature looked at the magic ice cream that was emitting cold air and took a big bite. The extreme cold exploded in the mouth and was swallowed into the stomach, neutralizing the hot and spicy feeling, making him feel refreshed.Unlike the Flame Magic Delicious Steamed Tofu Egg that had multiple tastes that were mainly spicy, the Extreme Cold Magic Ice Cream only had two feelings: cold and smooth.The crystal-clear creature burped with satisfaction and said, "Food is the greatest wealth in the Astral World. No one can stop a food traveler from enjoying the food of his world!"Then he said to the magic circle and the contract balance, "The Extreme Cold Magic Ice Cream is very good. It's especially delicious when paired with the Flame Magic Steamed Tofu Egg. I'll give you all the main extraordinary general knowledge that doesn't exceed Level 2! "The voice passed through the space barrier and automatically turned into a majestic voice that was transmitted to the depths of Aise's mind."The food called ice cream is very good. I give thee the extraordinary general knowledge that two sacrifices are equal."As soon as the voice faded, on the other side of the space barrier, in the Sea of Void and Reality, the crystal-clear creature sneezed hard, and a big dream bubble popped up.His eyes were shining with pure golden light. The extraordinary general knowledge that was below Level 2 was imparted to him by him."Dream Bubble of Extraordinary General Knowledge."He gave the dream bubble a name, and then the dream bubble automatically floated onto the summoning magic circle. With the distortion of space, it appeared in Aise's secret summoning room.With the establishment of the contract, both sides no longer maintained the compound summoning magic circle of equal value. The space barrier was gradually pulled apart, and the magic circles on both sides collapsed naturally.The crystal-clear creature shrank his body, as if he was thinking about something. The balance slowly dissipated. He reached out his hand and grabbed the contract balance, following the traces and feeling."The contract, in this world, originated from the agreement between the gods and the Originator."The crystal-clear creature followed the balance while feeling.Countless holy words appeared in front of his eyes. Time was running out, and he finally found the one he was looking for.

"Supplementary agreement number thirty-two. The World Inner does not allow creatures of the Demigod Realm and above to enter."His eyes were filled with anger. The World of Kaya was a new world, and its rules were manifested. As long as he could enter the World Inner, most of the paths of the rules would be blank. Becoming a true god was very likely for him, who came from a mature world.However, he couldn't enter the World Inner, and the outer world had no manifested rules at all.The crystal-clear creature lay in the fog in despair. Did he have to give up on this world and travel to the Astral World again?
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login