Report
                            
                            Aise did not explain further. The apprentices only needed to get a general idea of the knowledge sharing system. They were still far from being able to publish magic papers.Looking at the apprentices and the desolate land around them, he said:"Regarding social practice and practical practice, the corresponding points will be updated on the sixth page of the magic book in three days. You can choose the appropriate points by then.Now, I'll announce the punishment for those who fail. Ten social practice points will be deducted from you, and the corresponding test will be held next week. I hope that those who fail will continue to work hard.Now, we have a great opportunity to get social practice points. This empty land will be our elementary magic school. We'll build the school ourselves.In three days, the sixth page of the magic book will be updated with the points mission for building the school. Please do your best. Now dismissed. Teachers, stay. "While Aise was explaining to Bayern and the other apprentices what they should pay attention to in the future, Anzesta dragged Arnaud to Aise's residence.Anor was dragged forward by Ancestor by his arm. He asked in confusion, "What are you doing?"Uncle Melancholy, where are we going? Olli asked me to find her. "Anzesta flipped his blonde hair and looked at Arnaud who was dumbfounded. He sighed and said:"To Lord Firebringer's residence. It's fine that we can't use spells after we gain Heart Force. The way we fight is simpler, but it won't affect us much.But if we can't meditate, we can't improve our strength. We can't build a car behind closed doors. We have to ask Lord Firebringer for help. "Arnaud nodded in confusion and followed Anzesta to Aise's residence. Imitating Anzesta, he stood aside solemnly and respectfully.About half an hour later, Aise and 'Sharp' returned to their residence together. Seeing the two waiting for them, Aise looked at his mirror image and slightly smiled.It seemed that the opportunity to solve the problem of willpower had come. Aise and his mirror image thought at the same time."Anzesta, Arnaud, come in."Following Aise's voice, the four of them entered Aise's residence one after another.Anzesta glanced at the interior of Aise's residence. There weren't any luxurious decorations, only some simple furniture that was clean and spotless.'Lord Fire Relayer might be young, but he doesn't indulge in pleasure. With such a style, he'll definitely be a good leader and worthy of my loyalty,' Anzesta thought.He pulled Arnaud, who was still in a daze, to kneel on one knee and saluted Aise with a knight's fist. "Honorable Lord Fire Relayer, the lifelong archons of the Tower's territory, Knight Anzesta and Knight Arnaud, pledge their loyalty to you. You are our master."

Aise quietly looked at Anzesta, his eyes somewhat deep. Time slowly passed, and an invisible pressure began to appear.A drop of cold sweat appeared on Anzesta's cheek. He also felt that he was a little abrupt, so he couldn't help but brace himself and explain."Before becoming an apprentice wizard, I was a knight of the School of Mind. I'm now both an apprentice wizard and a knight. A knight must have a worthy master, otherwise, they'll be wandering knights without a home. "Aise continued to stare at Anzesta for a while. Anzesta's eyes were clear, while Arnaud's eyes were blank. The serious Aise suddenly laughed and said."Since you've chosen to be loyal to me, then I'll gladly accept. I hope you can carry out the spirit of a knight in the future, follow the will of your master, and guard the Tower well!If there's nothing else, you can leave. "Anzesta stood up, somewhat at a loss. Arnaud had already stood up and was about to leave, but Anzesta pulled him back. He bowed to Aise and said."Esteemed Firebringer, I have some matters regarding magic that I wish to consult you on!"Just like that, Anzesta explained how he had used the Creed to inject inherent magic power. After cultivating Heartforce, he was unable to use magic or meditate.After listening, Aise said to them in an amiable manner."According to your description, the Creed and inherent magic power produced a miraculous reaction, creating a different type of supernatural power. I need to observe this supernatural power that may be different from inherent magic power. You two can demonstrate the use of Heartforce. "After hearing this, the two immediately activated their own Heartforce. Aise activated the soul spells "Mana Sensitivity" and "Insightful Perception", carefully observing.When their Heartforce was activated, the white light in their hearts began to burn fiercely. Heartforce with the color of their personal will flowed out of their hearts, rapidly spreading throughout their bodies.The quality of their bodies also rapidly strengthened with the spread of Heartforce. The strengthening effect was far greater than that of inherent magic power.Heartforce could be projected outwards, and according to the knight's own will, it could form a powerful offensive or defensive force. Moreover, this unique supernatural power with the color of one's personal will naturally blocked out external mental influences.It could be said that the existence of Heartforce greatly strengthened the knight's will, and carried out their will.Of course, this strengthening wasn't without a price.

Under Aise's instructions, the two tried to condense natural magic power and use the lesser spell Magic Missile.Their mental strength was also affected by Heartforce. The power of the Creed's Will intersected with each other, increasing the resistance and resilience of their mental strength. At the same time, it also prevented this mental strength from effectively connecting with natural magic power.Aise frowned and observed for a while, then said to the two, "Don't use any magic power."Don't use your mana to affect it. Once you've constructed the spell model, pour your heartforce into it."Anzesta and Selina listened to Aise's words and tried to inject their Heartforce into the spell model. They actually succeeded in creating Magic Missile. No, it wasn't appropriate to call it Magic Missile. It should be called Compassion Missile and Courage Missile.The two missiles seemed to have different elemental powers. The Pity Missile was a little cold, while the Courage Missile was a little hot and flammable.Aise had them try other spells, and discovered that they couldn't use many of them. They seemed to be incompatible with the nature of Heartforce. He continued to observe for a while, then said to the two, "In your current state, you can use Heartforce as your own magic power.Also, use spells that are compatible with the nature of your Heartforce. It's not appropriate to call this a spell. After all, the number of times you can use spells and the range of their range are too limited. It's both similar and different from spells. Why don't you call it a spell-like spell?There are many problems that can't be solved with the original method. You can't change your way of thinking. "As expected of the Fire Relayer. I can't change my way of thinking. This is probably the reason why I'm Anzesta and Lord is the Fire Relayer, Anzesta thought in admiration.After successfully solving the problem of using spells, Anzesta naturally had no objections to Aise's naming. After trying a few times to activate the spell model of the meditation technique with Heartforce, he said to Aise, "Lord Fire Relayer, we can hardly succeed.Although the spell model can be activated, we can't seem to sense the natural magic power. It seems like there's a barrier between us and them, and we can't absorb and transform it. "