Report
                            
                            "What do you mean by that? Why do I feel that you guys are so happy?" An old barbarian freedman who didn't understand the common language asked the young man beside him."Dad, it means that as long as we change our names, change our clothes, and learn to speak the common language, we'll be qualified to become probationary citizens in three years. We'll be able to rise to the top like the old masters!" The young barbarian turned out to be the old man's son. His eyes were shining with hope for the future."Brother, if we become probationary citizens, we'll have the chance to become official citizens. We can even exchange for that blessing and become shamans!" Another young barbarian said to the young barbarian excitedly."He's a wizard! Don't be wrong!""These southerners, you can't take their words seriously. Maybe they're just saying it.""Empty words, no proof. Let's wait until someone becomes a real person."Some barbarians joined the discussion. Their eyes were filled with doubt, and their mouths were full of discouragement.Aise looked at their heated discussion and doubt, and a smile appeared on his face. It was impossible for everyone to believe in a policy as soon as he announced it. It took time to build up credibility, and he could afford to wait.According to the rules of the promotion passage, an ordinary free citizen could theoretically become an official citizen after eight years of hard work. Then, after accumulating work points, they would be able to obtain a chance to become a Transcendent after living in the territory for about ten years.This was a promotion channel for ordinary adult residents, ensuring that everyone would have the hope to strive and improve themselves.If they were young, they could study hard in the future general education school for five years, and then take the wizard apprentice qualification exam. As long as they passed the exam, they would be able to receive a Secondary Permanent Spirit Blessing.And all the spirit overclockers would be qualified to enter the future tower elementary magic school. Through the education of the magic school, all kinds of magic talents would be produced continuously.On the other side, "Aise" transformed by Bayern had already led the group one-third of the way. They were divided into seven groups, with two intermediate apprentices and several beginner apprentices in one group.Sound waves that could not be heard by human ears came out of Donna's mouth, and a small spell model could be seen in her mouth. In the black and white vision of perception, Donna found a strange monster lurking in the soil nearby through ultrasonic perception.The color of the monster's body changed according to the environment. It was very difficult to see it with the naked eye, but in the spiritual sense, it appeared to be colorful and dazzling.

"Mr. Anzesta, I found a strange monster." Donna opened her eyes and whispered into Anzesta's ear.This was a little trick Betty told her. Seeing Anzesta's reaction, Donna couldn't help but feel a little depressed.Ancestor slowly unsheathed his knight's sword and covered it with his heartforce. Blue ripples appeared on it.He approached carefully, but the strange monster didn't move. Ancestor didn't go any closer. He drew a beautiful arc with his sword, and the blue Heart Power came out of the sword like water ripples.This blue semicircular slash was extremely thin and carried with it an unusual sharpness. It directly cut the monster in half.Anzesta slowly approached and poked the monster's corpse with his longsword. At this moment, the corpse suddenly turned into a viscous liquid and crawled along the longsword towards Anzesta's body.This liquid was very strange. After it stuck to Anzesta's body, it tried its best to burrow into his body, as if it was looking for something. Anzesta didn't dare to let it go. He activated his heartforce and the blue energy flashed, expelling the liquid from his body. Then, he quickly jumped out of its attack range."This thing is strange. Let's get away. Lord Firebringer, please take a look."Anzesta said to Donna with lingering fear.Not long after, Bayern and his mirror clone rushed over after receiving the news. Bayern thought for a moment, then had someone throw a dead monster's corpse over.The liquid quickly devoured the monster's corpse. Not long after, it turned into the monster's appearance — a large rabbit with red eyes.The big rabbit stared blankly at the people present. Then, it tried to escape by jumping and hopping, but was trapped in a cage created by Dana's magic crystal shaping spell.The apprentices experimented and found that the rabbit had almost all the characteristics of the dead monster. When they finally tried to kill it, they found that it really was easy to kill it.After the rabbit died, it slowly turned into a puddle of murky liquid. They could sense that it had already lost its vitality.Bayern followed the principle of caution and had several apprentices proficient in fire magic burn it to ashes. Then, he continued forward with doubts.In the dead of night, the exhausted group set up camp to rest. The mirror clone entered Bayern's room and conveyed Aise's idea to him."I've contacted Lord Firebringer through the magic book. This monster's characteristics are very interesting. Lord Firebringer ordered us to try to capture a similar monster with a pure magic crystal cage if we encounter it again."Bayern, who had transformed into Aise's appearance, bowed slightly to the mirror clone.

"Mr. Sharp, since it's Lord Firebringer's will, I'll certainly obey.According to my observation, this monster seems to have the ability to transform, but it's not quite the same. Perhaps it's more appropriate to call it a devouring ability. Anyway, it's very troublesome. "The mirror clone smiled and said to Bayern, "It's precisely because it's troublesome that we need you to capture it. All troublesome monsters will make us stronger."In the days after Bayern and the others left, the atmosphere of the settlement began to change greatly. According to Aise's suggestion, the residents of the territory began to wear clothes that were different from those of civilized countries.Aise designed a few different types of clothes to be the main style of clothing in the territory.The manual workers wore gray overalls similar to the ones in his previous life. The managers wore simple shirts and trousers with traditional City-state white robes with red ribbons on the outside. The wizard apprentices also wore shirts and trousers inside, which they would change when they returned.Clothes were the appearance of a territory. Aise hoped that through these changes in appearance, everyone in the territory would realize that they were a new independent force.The learning of the common language was also in full swing. As long as every probationary citizen could successfully teach a freedman the common language, they would receive an additional half a year of accumulated work points. The accumulated work points would directly affect their chances of exchanging for a secondary permanent spirit blessing in the future, so every probationary citizen was very diligent.The freedmen were also the same. These freedmen were instilled with ideas by probationary citizens and their peers who knew the common language every day. They already fully understood the promotion path of the territory, although a few of them did not want to believe it at all and thought it was all a lie.However, most of the freedmen were still skeptical. When they saw others learning the common language, wearing new clothes, and using new names, they also changed their clothes, came up with new names, and learned the common language.In their hearts, they still hoped to have the opportunity to take a step forward.Aise was not in a hurry. If a ruler wanted to establish authority, winning trust was not something that could be done overnight. The so-called trust was the reputation of the masses. As long as he could turn the promises into reality bit by bit, they would gradually be convinced.When a freedman really became a probationary citizen, or a probationary citizen became an official citizen and overclocked their spirit, their enthusiasm would be greatly aroused.