Report
                            
                            In the sea of consciousness of the Magus, at the bottom of the waves, the statue of Ace holding a torch was sinking to the bottom of the sea.The statue was emitting a faint red light. It was half of the power that Aise used when he was leveling up. The power of the Shadow of the True Spirit could not exceed one-tenth of Aise's power, but because of the unstoppable attraction of the sea of consciousness, almost half of Aise's power was forced to stay here.As Aise's True Spirit connected with the statue, the sleeping statue began to shake violently, and the whole sea of consciousness began to surge.Aise opened his eyes and found that he was in both the sea of consciousness and the Secret Chamber of Soul at the same time."The same consciousness, but different bodies?"He touched another Shadow of the True Spirit and found that he could control three bodies at the same time. After a few minutes, Aise felt extremely tired, so he immediately canceled the connection."I see. As long as I keep the True Spirit state, I can be on the same frequency as the other clones and achieve the same consciousness, the same memory, and different bodies.If I cancel this state, the Shadow of the True Spirit will come into effect, and the clones will have their own consciousness. "After a few more attempts, Aise finally confirmed that he could only create two and a half Shadows of the True Spirit as a level one life form.The reason why it was two and a half was that he could create three Shadows of the True Spirit in total, but the third one would naturally return after a while."Maybe I can make use of this characteristic," Aise murmured.After that, Aise continued to study the characteristics of the Shadow of the True Spirit and the corresponding rune tracks, while his clone borrowed Anazir's die from Bayern to study.At the beginning of March of the ninth year of the magic calendar, the Wizard Tower, an academic place for advanced wizard apprentices to study the tutorial system and the subject system, had been built.Aise was still in the west tower of the magic castle, experimenting with a new level one spell.In the soul space, the True Spirit slowly descended and triggered a new level one spell. The runes of the level one spell quickly lit up, and the life force mana was pulsating.Outside the soul space, Aise, who was standing in the laboratory, seemed to have a double image. A second later, the double image turned into a mirror, standing in front of Aise.Inside the soul space, the third true spirit shadow under the feet of the true spirit quickly solidified, turning into a true spirit shadow that flew out of the soul space and into the mirror.

The mirror rippled, and a clone that looked exactly like Aise walked out. He smiled and bowed. "The first-circle spell, Time Mirror, succeeded."This spell was a simplified version of the Projection Ritual. The runes of the main body, the projection, and the sacrifice magic array were deleted to form this Level 1 spell, Time Limit Mirror Image.This spell would create a magic mirror with strong vitality magic power. When the Shadow of the Truesoul entered it, it would quickly form a magic body of spirit and flesh. Because of the speed of creation, it would exist for a relatively short period of time.This was a "time-limited mirror image" that could only exist for two hours. It had one-twentieth of Aise's strength and could communicate with Aise in real time. Because it was communicating with the shadow of the true spirit, it could ignore the distance.This was a great helper for scouting, confusing, luring, faking death, and fighting.On the other hand, Aise's rational clone that could exist permanently had also made some progress in the research.The rational clone could not observe the level-1 runes in Anazir's dice, but Aise could.After Aise recorded the level-1 runes he observed, he degraded them into level-0 runes with the help of the Book Spirit, and then gave them to the rational clone for research.In half a year, the rational doppelganger successfully constructed a 1st Circle spell, Precognition of Stars.This spell could predict some things with the help of the changes in the stars. Specifically, it could predict the enemy's movements, detect hostility, decipher ciphers, and see through concealment.The above effects could not exceed the range of a level 1 spell. For example, this spell could not see through the concealment of a great hero or the concealment of a level 2 spell.After experimenting with the two spells, Aise walked to his secret room of magic items and opened the door with a complicated method.He walked to the space solute that was as tall as two people, cut off a small piece, and then returned to his meditation room.Aise put the space solute close to his forehead and immersed his spirit in the Secret Chamber of Souls.Along with the guidance of the magic power rhythm, the space solute was slowly attracted to Ace's Secret Treasure of Soul, which was full of vitality.The space solute on his forehead flashed and disappeared, then appeared in the Secret Chamber of Souls.This small piece of space solute was almost three times the height of the true-spirit giant in the Secret Chamber of Souls. Aise's true-spirit lifted it with difficulty and pushed it to the chaotic "interlayer" at the top of the Secret Chamber of Souls.

There was a strange turbulence at the connection, which easily crushed the indigestible space solute into powder. One day later, Aise absorbed this small piece of space solute.At first, Aise put the space solute in the Secret Chamber of Souls to digest slowly, but the effect was very slow. By chance, he found that his true-spirit could lift the space solute, and accidentally touched the chaos at the top, so the space solute was quickly digested.Since then, he had been using this method to digest the space solute.The space solute could not be digested indefinitely. Only when his spiritual scale increased could he digest the space solute. Currently, his spiritual scale had reached 14, so it would take him about 15 minutes to digest this small piece of space solute.Aise's Secret Chamber of Souls had become a lot wider, and the space solute had almost doubled. In other words, he had twice as much space in the embryonic form of his Soul World as compared to other people who walked on the path of the mind."Even with the true-spirit, the advanced apprentice's meditation technique is almost useless. I have to go out and look for opportunities to create a new meditation technique!"Aise opened his eyes, and his gaze was full of determination."The Wizard Tower has been built. As long as the wizards can maintain this academic atmosphere of competition and cooperation, there is nothing to worry about.The committee made up of advanced apprentices can also operate more maturely, and all the big and small matters in the government office can be entrusted to the committee. Even if I leave the territory, I can rest assured.But before that, there is one more thing I need to do. "This was a research Aise had wanted to do for a long time, but due to the limited strength of an advanced apprentice, he could not do it. This was the Living Creature Teleportation spell.The Equivalent Exchange Magic Array could teleport non-living creatures, but the essence of this magic array was not to break the space barrier, but to exchange. The key was the equivalent. If a living creature entered, it would become a non-living creature.However, the Summoning Magic Array and the Reverse Summoning Magic Array were different. This was a true spatial magic. Through the spatial coordinates, a contract with a contracted creature could be established, and then the summoning would break the space barrier and teleport the creature from one place to another.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login