Report
                            
                            Aise cast a Secondary Sound Acuity spell on his ears. Hearing the discussion of the Magi, the corners of his mouth curved into a smile. He slowly walked towards the apprentices. As he approached, the apprentices stopped their discussion and quietly looked at him.His clear and powerful voice was transmitted to every apprentice's ears through the Loud Sound spell, "Are you all worried about how to transport these logs?"The apprentices all spoke their thoughts at once. No matter how fast they were, they believed that it would take at least half a month to transport all these logs to the port area."Half a month is too long. Before tomorrow's sunset, we will be able to deliver the logs to the port area!" Aise said with a confident smile."One day? How is that possible?" An apprentice couldn't help but exclaim."What method do we use to deliver them in one day?" Walloon whispered."Is this the Spirit of Doubt?" Sulu looked at the bright freckles on Walloon's face and thought to himself.Aise ignored the apprentices' discussion and didn't explain further. He used the Secondary Activated Wood, and with the rhythm of mana, more than a hundred logs were transformed into Activated Wood.The apprentices' eyes almost popped out of their sockets as they looked at the logs that were moving like living creatures. Could it be that Lord Ace was going to turn all the logs into moving logs?Walloon looked at the tens of thousands of logs and fell into deep silence.Even Lord Aise's mana might not be enough to make so many logs move by themselves. Moreover, how long this spell could last was also a problem. He frowned and tried to think if he had overlooked something.Sulu also followed suit and frowned like Walloon. In his mind, he was thinking, 'Is this the mystery of the Spirit of Doubt?'Aise used his vague telepathy to control more than a hundred logs and let them use their shaping ability to slowly transform according to Aise's will.The logs laid on the ground and absorbed the nutrients of the earth. The ground they were on slowly became barren at a speed visible to the naked eye, and the logs also accelerated their transformation and growth. Soon, more than a hundred large wooden rafts appeared on the ground.Walloon's eyes lit up as he muttered to himself."Tying the logs to rafts and relying on the current to transport them? Why didn't I think of that? As expected of Lord Aise. However, even if we rely on the flow of water, the Run Guang River is not in flood season now. I'm afraid it will take two or three days to reach the port area. "The apprentices gradually began to understand Aise's idea. Under Aise's command, they piled the logs evenly onto the rafts.

Aise, on the other hand, threw down a handful of vine seeds and quickly used Lesser Breeze to scatter the seeds on the ground next to the raft. Then, he waved his hand and hundreds of improved Lesser Vine spell models appeared. He quickly activated them, and with the rhythm of mana, the vines grew rapidly.The barren soil nearby had begun to turn into sand, and the nutrients in the soil had been completely absorbed. It was estimated that the soil would not recover in the next ten years.The vines quickly tied the logs on the rafts tightly. This place was not far from the Run Guang River, and the apprentices quickly pushed more than a hundred rafts full of logs into the water.It was already late autumn, and the flood season had passed. The apprentices looked at the rafts and thought about how they could travel with the current in a day."Maybe we can use water elemental magic to accelerate the flow.""With our mana, I'm afraid we'll have to meditate after half an hour, right?"The apprentices discussed noisily, and Aise did not stop them. This was a good opportunity for them to think independently. Wouldn't it be better if someone could come up with a good idea?The apprentices did not come up with any effective and feasible methods. All of their ideas were stuck in one place, and their mana was not enough to support such a long time.Just as the apprentices were discussing, Aise had already ordered the apprentices to open the sluice gates in an orderly manner through the magic book. As long as the flow of water was fast enough, the rumbling sound of the water could be heard not far away.At this time, Aise walked in front of the apprentices and said, "Although magic is the number one production method, sometimes, we don't have to use magic directly!"He turned around and pointed behind him. The water released from the dam was already surging, and in a breath's time, the rafts full of logs were washed downstream.Aise took the opportunity to spread his ideas to the apprentices."We can use magic to transform nature and make full use of the power of nature. Direct magic can be used, and indirect magic can also be used. The dam that we built is 50 meters tall, and it can be used at this time! "Looking at the apprentices who were deep in thought, Aise continued, "Now, please use all means to reach the port area as soon as possible to receive our logs!"After saying that, he used the instantaneous flash spell and flew into the sky. In mid-air, he opened his magic crystal wings and flew in the direction of Luminous City. Luminous City was a city that spanned across the Run Guang River. If they did not inform Leon and the others in advance to open the sluice gates, the logs might have crashed into it.

On the evening of the second day, the apprentices successfully intercepted more than a hundred large rafts carrying logs. Although some of the logs were hit and soaked, most of them were fine.Under the command of Dana, the apprentices quickly transported the logs to the port area near the dry dock.They began to use magic crystal shaping spells and secondary wind blades to cut the logs. With the help of fire elemental magic, the apprentices quickly used a thermostatic spell to dry the logs.Under Borg's suggestion, they began to build the keel of the ship and began to piece it together.The whole process was similar to other City-state ships, except that magic was used to speed up the production. The apprentices used fire elemental magic to quickly create a large number of iron nails and other parts, while the Hand of Magic quickly built the keel and pieced the hull together.Borg watched the ship's hull take shape at a speed visible to the naked eye. He estimated that at this speed, they could produce four or five ketch ships in half a month.While the apprentices were building ordinary ships, Aise and his mirror image also brought an incomplete keel to the port area. He gathered eleven intermediate apprentices, except for Anzesta and Arnaud, and prepared to teach them secondary wood activation spells to build a unique magic ketch ship!"I will ride on this magic sailboat and welcome my parents. I will tell them personally that I am an apprentice wizard." Ace thought as he looked at the incomplete piece of dragon bone.At the same time, in the first street of the Royal City of Medemus."Romon, have you thought it through? According to City-state law, the citizen badge in your hand does not count because your son Aise is missing. Only when he appears can you get the badge. "Two middle-aged men in white robes and red ribbons accompanied a hooded young man in white robes and purple ribbons to Romon's home. One of the middle-aged men said in a stern voice.Another middle-aged man chimed in with a stern voice, "It's your honor that Master Dean appreciates you. As long as you offer your loyalty and part of the manor's secrets, he will protect you. Although you have lost Aise's manor, you will receive a large amount of Thales. The most important thing is to be content! "Romon looked at the three men and clenched his teeth. This feeling of powerlessness was terrible.Ever since the crown prince fell into a coma, everything had changed. Without the protection of the royal family, even Peter could not help him. Aise's manor had too many benefits that people coveted.

After the City-state suffered heavy losses, the price of slaves, food, and livestock increased day by day. The atmosphere of the City-state changed from pioneering to conservative. The divine nobles, who could not gain benefits from outside, turned their attention to the internal affairs.Without the crown prince's protection, Aise's manor became a hot commodity. Many nobles in the city were tempted. This one was not that bad. It seemed that he could not wait any longer!Romon thought sorrowfully that the foundation left by his son might not be able to be maintained.