Report
                            
                            "The elemental theory is just a hypothesis. The myths and legends of this world believe that the world is made up of the four basic elements: earth, fire, water, and wind. The other material elements are derived from the combination of the foundation elements.Although there are no loopholes in this theory in practice, and the wizard apprentices have even derived a more complete theoretical application based on the generation and suppression of elements.But this is an empirical conclusion, and there is a lack of strong experimental evidence.The microscopic world of this world has not yet been discovered by us, and the current research can only observe the molecular structure. The more fundamental particles are unknown. This hypothesis can be used as a support, but it cannot be based on this hypothesis that has not been proven false or proven. "Aise thought and ruled out one possibility first."Secondly, it's the upgraded version of high-level magic tricks. It's very tempting to use words to cast spells, but this spell is made up of simulated runes. It's too difficult to deduce it, so it's unlikely that I'll be able to figure it out in a short period of time. Also, I know everything, but I don't specialize in it.Aise ruled out another possibility."Now the magic paths can be divided into six categories: Elements, Astrology (Prophecy), Life, Soul, Contract Summoning, and Alchemy.Is there any way to take care of all the paths? "Aise thought seriously. He opened the magic book, looked at the soul runes, and fell into deep thought.He suddenly stood up and patted his head."I almost forgot something important. More than half a month has passed, and the magic network is still not restored!"Aise hurried to the top of the western tower. It was too late to cultivate a new dream clone.Just like that, another week passed.Aise left a wizard level spiritual imprint in the huge dream crystal ball, guided the spiritual imprints of other wizard apprentices to give up part of the computing resources, and reconstructed the public dream space of the magic network."Using the imprint network to reconstruct the fantasy land, although there is no intelligent support of the dream clone, the wizard level spiritual imprint can guarantee the mechanized operation, so it should not be a big problem.This crystal ball has been without a name, so let's call it 'Fantasy Land'. "Aise engraved the word 'Fantasy Land' below the crystal ball in the common language, and then restarted the crystal ball.More and more apprentices logged onto the magic network. Aise checked it several times and made sure that there were no major problems. Then he looked at the crystal ball of Fantasyland, which was gradually generating mist, with satisfaction.

"It would be great if I could materialize the floating city in the dream space. Unfortunately, it's all fake. Fake? "Aise muttered to himself as if he had thought of something."That's right. The Illusory Dreamland is perfect for me to accommodate all paths. After constant trial and error, I will finally materialize the correct path into reality!In order to construct the Dream World in the spiritual space, I need such a spell as the foundation and other spell models as support to explore the topic of the transformation between illusion and reality. In the end, I will turn illusion into reality and materialize the Dream World! "This was an idea with a lot of potential. However, Aise still hadn't gotten the hang of it. He decided to continue analyzing the dream crystal he got from the Dream Serpent and finish analyzing all the dream runes within.If he wanted to directly construct a three-dimensional spell model now, he could copy the three-dimensional rune structure of the Illusive Eye. However, what he wanted to construct was a spell model with greater potential, which required more research and experimentation.Soon, it was the end of April. Anzesta, the senior knight squire, led twenty-five intermediate apprentices and intermediate knight squires to the northern mining area.Intermediate apprentice Eddie, intermediate apprentice Carloso, and intermediate knight squire Donna were among them.Anzesta took the initiative to sign up because he felt that he had fought with such strange monsters five years ago, and he had an obligation to destroy them.Donna was madly infatuated with Anzesta. After being explicitly rejected by Anzesta many times, she no longer mentioned that she liked him. Instead, she turned to learning how to become a knight from him.Anzesta was just trying to deal with the difficult girl. Due to the knight's code, he was forced to teach her. Unexpectedly, she really understood the creed and transformed from a beginner apprentice to a beginner knight squire. A few years later, Donna was already an excellent intermediate knight squire.There were seven knight squires in this group. They all rode a type of contract familiar, the Winged Gale Horse.This was a low-level monster discovered by Olli, an advanced apprentice who was proficient in wind element magic, in the northern City-state of Norton. This kind of monster didn't have any strong attack power, but it was very fast. Even powerful low-level monsters couldn't catch up with it. It could also fly at low altitudes.She spent a lot of effort to capture nearly thirty of these monsters and brought them back to the Wizard Tower territory. There was only one reason she did this: Arnaud, who was the closest to her, was a knight.A real knight needed a suitable mount!Olli cultivated a total of two powerful low-level monster Winged Gale Horses. One was given to Arnaud, and the other was given to Anzesta.

Most of the knights had formed an intimate contract with this kind of monster. They were truly one with the horse and could use it as their own arm.As for the eighteen intermediate apprentices, some of them rode on flying carpets like Eddie, some rode on monsters, and some rode on flying brooms.Among them, Carloso was the most eye-catching. He rode on a large Gargoyle. The ground trembled slightly with every step he took.Eddie looked at Carloso enviously on the magic carpet. Although that Gargoyle wasn't made by Lord Aise, the unique symbol on it was a high-level Gargoyle made by Polina, an advanced apprentice!"This kind of high-level Gargoyle is very difficult to make. Other than Lord Aise, even Polina, the owner of the Gargoyle patent, only succeeded in making two. I didn't expect one to be here."Eddie looked at Carloso enviously and whispered in a low voice."Envious, right? I'm envious too. Carloso quietly tricked the richest witch into his hands. Back in the day, I also had a chance! "A voice came from behind. Eddie looked back and saw a muscular man riding a low-level monster, Red Tiger, talking to him loudly with a wink.Eddie felt embarrassed. How could Carloso not hear this man talking so much? The battle hadn't even started and he was already having a conflict with his teammates. If he had known this would happen, he wouldn't have talked nonsense.Carloso, who was riding a high-level Gargoyle, turned around. The Gargoyle's arm stretched out and directly attacked Lou Xilu. The muscular Lou Xilu's soul jumped left and right, completely dodging the Gargoyle's dozens of attacks."Amazing. In three seconds, the Gargoyle attacked at least fifty times!This person called Lou Xilu is also very powerful. He's obviously an intermediate apprentice, but he can actually dodge the high-level Gargoyle's attacks with nimble movements. Although this attack doesn't have any enchantments, it's still fifty attacks in three seconds! "Shock and envy emerged in Eddie's heart at the same time. This person called Lou Xilu couldn't be underestimated.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login