Report
                            
                            Aise slowly walked to the podium in the hall and stood still. He was wearing a black magic robe embroidered with golden threads and a white shirt with a lapel. His figure was slender and thin, and the six-pointed star badge on his chest was shining. His eyes were bright and full of vigor, and he had the temperament of a scholar.He waved his arm and activated the "Advanced Magic Trick" spell in his soul space. Many festive blue ropes appeared in the dome of the hall, and many fresh flowers appeared out of thin air in the hall. A sparkling and translucent magic crystal flower also grew out of the chest of the apprentices and pinned it to their chests.Aise looked around at the apprentices. Seeing their surprised expressions, he said with some satisfaction:"My apprentices, I have heard that in less than a month, a harbor has been built in the primitive natural bay. The paved road that extends for 15 kilometers connects the Luminous City and the harbor.This is an amazing achievement. You have independently created a miracle with your own intelligence and your own magic. This is a miracle of magic, and this is our miracle.Magic is the number one productive force. Magic changes life, and you are the executors of magic. You are the main body of magic. It is because of you that there is this magical castle, the beautiful Luminous City outside the castle, the paved road that extends in all directions, the western dam, the northern mining area, and now the eastern harbor!You have used your own actions to prove that we, wizards, have extraordinary power. We pursue truth, we respect knowledge, we develop production, we change life, and we create a new city! "As soon as Aise's voice fell, Dana stood up. She had a slim figure, and after a few years, she was no longer the green girl she used to be. She clapped fiercely and looked at Aise with a flushed face.The other apprentices also stood up and applauded. For a moment, the hall was filled with a joyful atmosphere. Then, Aise walked to the group of apprentices and warmly greeted them and chatted with them."I remember you. Your name is Carloso, and you were once a brave gladiator. I've heard that you've transformed nearly 100,000 bricks and stones in the past month, and you've also developed a unique Secondary Mud to Stone spell. We wizards need people like you who are down-to-earth and hardworking. You love ordinary work, strive for perfection in ordinary work, and discover the extraordinary in the ordinary. I admire you very much. "Aise had long since learned about the situation of each apprentice according to the records in the spellbook, and praised them accordingly.The skinny Carloso was a little excited at first, but as Aise praised him, his face gradually flushed red. The scar on his face rose and fell with his master's emotions. When Aise was done, he said excitedly, "You're right.

"Honorable Lord Fire Relayer, you actually know me so well. I love the work of turning mud into stone. In the future, I will produce more bricks for the territory and develop more convenient ways to modify spells and use them!"Bolina's eyes widened as she stared at Carloso in disbelief. Was this still the same Carloso who would complain a hundred times a day about the dullness of the Secondary Mud to Stone spell and invent a series of small tricks in order to slack off?Bolina's large eyes were filled with confusion and bewilderment.Two days later, after the apprentices had rested for a day, Aise led them to the primordial forest, which was located not far from the city downstream of the dam.Dana, who was proficient in magic crystal shaping spells, and Olli, who was proficient in wind elemental spells such as Secondary Wind Blade, led the apprentices to quickly cut down trees.Olli had saved up points to exchange for spellbooks for Arnaud, so she didn't learn any other spells. Instead, she focused on wind elemental spells. This focus gave her many unique ideas about the use of wind elemental spells, especially the application of Secondary Wind Blade. No one among the apprentices could compare to her.They could use Magic Crystal Shape or Lesser Wind Blade to quickly cut down the trees. Ace let the apprentices choose according to their own wishes. Every apprentice could learn a spell for free and receive guidance from either Dana or Olli. At the same time, Aise rewarded Dana and Olli with social practice points according to the number of people they killed."If you want to cut down trees quickly, the key is to create high-pressure Wind Blades and quickly vibrate them. Here, you need to apply pressure runes and cutting runes. The most difficult part is creating high-pressure, thin, and sharp Wind Blades. For this, we need to practice repeatedly. "Olli stood in an open space and carefully explained to the apprentices who wanted to learn Secondary Wind Blade.On the other side, Dana was also teaching the apprentices who wanted to learn magic crystal shaping spells how to quickly create magic crystal weapons. As for the logging this time, it was very simple for her. She directly used magic crystals to create thin, sharp magic crystal saws.Aise used his spellbook to remind everyone that a few new Secondary Runes had been added to the rune library, including the Secondary Shaping Rune that had just been created by the mirror image.After receiving Aise's reminder, Dana and the others tried to add a shaping rune into the magic crystal shaping spell. As expected, it greatly simplified the preparation work and greatly improved the shaping efficiency.Dana looked at the apprentices who had already started to cut down trees with their magic crystal saws. Her eyes were a little hesitant. As an apprentice who had developed the magic crystal shaping spell, Dana discovered the limitations of the shaping rune. Although it greatly simplified the micro-operations, the range of shaping was also limited.

She found Aise and raised her doubts. "Teacher Aise, the Secondary Shaping Rune indeed greatly simplified the shaping of magic crystals, but it seems to have a big limitation in expression. Do you know how to solve it?"Aise looked at Dana, and his thoughts suddenly drifted back to the life in Aise's manor. He hadn't talked to Dana like this for a long time, and he also hadn't seen his parents for a long time. He came back to his senses and smiled at Dana."Actually, this problem doesn't need to be solved. The Shaping Runes only exist for the sake of quick casting and quick production. If you want to pursue more accurate shaping and greater power, you still need to shape it with your own thoughts, just like you did.However, most apprentices don't specialize in this spell, and they won't specialize in it in the future. They are the reason why the Secondary Shaping Rune exists. "Dana looked at Aise's smile, and the doubts in her heart were solved.As expected of Master Aise, his thinking is much deeper than mine!Dana couldn't help but think.Time flew, and in less than a week, the logs had been piled up like a small hill."So many logs, how are we going to transport them? Master Aise said that he would send the sailboat to sea next month. There isn't enough time! "Carloso looked at the small hill of logs and couldn't help but sigh."Even if we roll along the paved road, it will take a lot of time and effort."The other apprentice also agreed."Perhaps we can use the Secondary Lightness spell to make them lighter?"A young female apprentice suggested."However, the Secondary Lightness spell's effectiveness is limited. At most, it can lighten the weight by 30%. It can't solve the problem at all!"Carloso questioned.