Report
                            
                            Betty jumped down from the window with Donna in her arms. Then, she quickly left. Not long after they left, an old black cat also followed them in the direction they were going.They entered the underground through a secret door, and the black cat followed."You're late, Betty! Why did you bring a stranger? "A tall and strong man asked in a low voice."This is a special time. We don't welcome uninvited newcomers," another woman said with an unfriendly face. Betty was stunned.Betty was a little confused. She said, "Donna is my junior. We agreed to bring her to the party.""Look behind you. You brought a tail!" Several apprentices were holding all kinds of enchanted weapons. They were all alerted by the magic book that the other party was also a contractor.Based on their trust in the magic book and the Fire Relayer, they did not attack immediately. Instead, they stood up warily.Betty and Donna looked behind them and found a black cat emitting magic waves. At the same time, the magic book that they had muted told them that there was a new contractor."Fellow sorcerer-apprentices, my name is Bayern, and I'm also a sorcerer-apprentice. I've always wanted to communicate with other apprentices, and I happened to see you two ladies. Please forgive me. "The black cat looked at everyone's vigilant eyes and continued, "I'm an intermediate apprentice. I have a good foundation in mathematics and experience in creating spell models. The Heavy Water Missile series was invented by me."The few sorcerer-apprentices listened to the black cat's words and doubtfully checked the spell list. They found that the Heavy Water Missile series spell had indeed been added recently, and the inventor was the intermediate sorcerer-apprentice Bayern.Seeing this, their expressions gradually softened. Bayern struck while the iron was hot. He directly discussed the mathematics problem that they had just mentioned with the apprentices. For a moment, the atmosphere became cheerful and harmonious. Only Betty and Donna were left looking at each other.In the underground magic lab, the doppelganger observed Bayern's actions and looked at the various research groups that the apprentices had spontaneously formed. The doppelganger smiled."The seed has sprouted. It's time to figure out the movements of the Gray Followers. When the main body recovers, we'll move the lab and organize the apprentices to migrate. As for the acolytes who have passed the test, they will be led by me to explore the mysteries of Transcendence. "He took the mechanical magic staircase and ascended to the ground. In the backyard of the hospital.The clone had learned Bayern's Secondary Magic Sensitivity. He transformed into a sharp-eyed eagle, flew out of the hospital, and activated Secondary Magic Sensitivity.

In the night sky, under the eagle's eyes, the entire fortress was filled with various colors. Among them, the mansion of the great hero, Moore Rona, was overflowing with crimson.Several places in the stronghold had obvious black and red colors. There was no doubt that this was the gathering place of the Gray Believers.The eagle that had transformed into a doppelganger sensed a few gathering places of the Dark Believers. It flew to the sky above one of them and quietly spied from the sky. The eagle made a strange sound and said hoarsely, "The Snake's Heat Sense!"Thermal imaging perception was then attached to his eyes, and he monitored the movements of the Gray believers in this form without magic fluctuations. Aise carefully observed for a few days and confirmed that the Gray Dark believers were preparing for some kind of ritual, an extremely evil and strange ritual.After a few days of remote monitoring, the clone did not act rashly."My current strength is higher than an intermediate apprentice but lower than an advanced apprentice. The Gray Dark believers are evil and changeable. It is more likely that there are projections of demons or even greater demons. It is too dangerous to sneak in now. I have to wait.""It is not appropriate to use the Gray Dark believers for the trial of the acolytes. I don't want to play with fire and burn myself. It just so happens that the enchantment apprentices led by Dana are hiding and fighting guerrilla warfare. The trial of the acolytes in the fortress is to leave the fortress within a limited time and gather to rescue the enchantment apprentices. ""I lack a leader. After all consideration, Bayern is the best choice. I have to meet him before leaving."The clone confirmed the plan and continued to monitor the movements of the Gray Dark believers, remotely observing the strange and complicated ritual they were arranging."I really want to go and observe how the Gray Dark believers arrange the ritual at a close distance. Such a complicated ritual will certainly greatly supplement my understanding of strange rituals and enhance my knowledge of rituals."The strange ritual that was full of danger to others was extremely tempting to Aise. It was the temptation of knowledge, the mystery of Transcendence.A few more days passed. Under the hospital, in the underground magic lab.Aise's soul and soul space had finally recovered from the damage. He and his mirror image walked to an empty room on the second floor of the basement and prepared to arrange the promotion experiment."The first step is to create an environment with high concentration and high activity of mana. We need to create an environment with high concentration and high activity of mana. It is best to convert the mana into magic particles through the magic crystal runes. "

Aise began to create a new magic circle on the special floor. Another difference between magic circles and spell models and runic matrices was that it could use multiple runes of the same level and type.In this magic circle, Aise copied all the soul runes he had collected — Mana # 1, Mana # 2, and up to Mana # 15 — into the magic circle. Then he copied multiple magic crystal runes and auxiliary runes. Through the magic lines, dozens of small runic matrices were connected into a magic circle.At each fixed point, there were magic stones that Aise had converted in advance, which contained high concentration of mana."Through the resonance of different frequencies of mana # N, we can create an environment with high concentration and high activity of magic particles. Now, let's start the magic circle test."Aise muttered to himself as he and his mirror image activated the magic circle together. Hum!As the mana gathered and stirred, the mana in the entire room also gathered. The rhythm of different frequencies caused the mana to be somewhat chaotic and uneasy.Aise immediately stopped the magic circle and went up to check with his mirror image."There is no problem with the idea. The frequency and direction of the rhythm still need to be tested continuously to find the best combination of these fifteen different frequencies of mana."Then, Aise and his team carried out repeated tests. A few days later."This is the rhythm. The environment with high concentration of magic particles and the alternating and orderly rhythm of the mana frequency are like a grand symphony! Let's call this magic circle the High-Energy Rhythmic Magic Circle. We are really geniuses in magic circle development. "The clone looked at the results of his efforts and boasted with satisfaction."Then, let's start the second step. Create an environment similar to a devout faith and a unique spiritual field. We can change our way of thinking. It doesn't have to be a lot of people. I am a spiritual body much stronger than you. Maybe I can directly create such a spiritual field. "The original Aise analyzed.