Report
                            
                            "After considering all the questions that we can't answer at this stage, we'll try to define the phenomena we've discovered. First of all, we can confirm that collective consciousness exists. At least, when wizards are connected to the collective mind, a collective consciousness is born."Secondly, consciousness can be divided into surface consciousness and subconsciousness. Collective consciousness can be divided into surface consciousness, spiritual network, and sea of subconsciousness.After some experiments, we've discovered that when all nodes in the network are awake or in lucid dream, every node in the network is awake and can make their own decisions.When all nodes are asleep, except for the 'root consciousness', the other nodes are not awake and do not have their own will. This state is similar to the sea of subconsciousness, but there are some differences.Apart from these similarities, the sea of subconsciousness also has some unique characteristics. It actually exists in an unknown dimension. According to the book spirit, it exists in the 'sea of emptiness', and it is being watched by some great power and even granted with some kind of authority.The principles and contracts made in the sea of subconsciousness will not only affect all current individuals, but also new individuals born in the future.This is the hint given to me by the sea of subconsciousness. It needs to be verified. "Aise, who was focused on his thesis, was thinking seriously under the bright light of the controllable light orb. On the other side, his mirror image clone was also continuing his experiment.As a purely rational research clone, he had almost no emotions. Only pure rationality, the desire for truth, and loyalty to the main body and Aise.He was trying to engrave runic circles on a compound magic paper. Since he had to carry a magic item that could resist whispers around with him, he might as well integrate it into a magic book, which was the seventh page of Aise's magic book.This page should have the following functions: First, positive thinking and self-interested thinking hint, which would achieve a win-win situation for the wizards and the wizards as long as it did not harm their own interests. Second, emotion valve system. When the emotion reached a certain threshold and was easily affected by whispers, it would forcibly reduce the fluctuation of emotion to a certain range. Third, will strengthening, which would increase the resistance of one's own will to resist the influence of whispers."The first and second steps are easy to solve, except for some minor problems. However, the third step is too difficult to solve.It's hard to achieve this goal with only willpower runes and guidance runes.Perhaps I should study the mental path and structure of a knight. Their resistance to willpower is simply outstanding. Imitate their creed — Heart Force Path, find the secret within, and strengthen my willpower resistance. "

The doppelganger continued to ponder. He tried to activate the combination rune array on the composite magic paper. His magic power pulsed, and he felt some strengthening of his will. However, the effect was not what he expected.Beneath the ball of light, the original Aise continued to write in his thesis:"The spiritual connection network in the state of deep sleep can be called the virtual subconscious sea. There are three differences between this and the subconscious sea. First, there is no power of a great existence. Second, there is no real existence somewhere in the world. Third, the dream is not unified.It might be very difficult to reach the real sea of consciousness again. Currently, we don't have any clues. In the future, we can study how to unify the dream world. Let's study the virtual sea of consciousness first.After trying to analyze the conscious and subconscious, we need to note that the above are hypotheses, not conclusions, and we need a long time and research to reach the final conclusion.Now let's talk specifically about the characteristics of the surface network of consciousness. The surface network has extremely high practical value. According to the records of several experiments, we can draw the following inferences.First, as the number and quality of the spiritual connection network increase, its effectiveness will continue to increase.Second, the spiritual connection network in the lucid dream state is the best form at present. It can be said that it combines all the functions of the conscious and the subconscious.Third, the resonance frequency of the soul is related to the flow of information, the speed, and the improvement of the spiritual power. The collective meditation produces some kind of field effect, which is also related to the number and quality of the spiritual connection. "Aise stretched his body. The ahoge on the top of his head moved a bit, and then he lay down again. The night was very quiet. There was no sound around. Everything was so quiet. He continued to write."The spiritual connection network can be called the 'collective intelligence network.' Individuals maintain their independent thinking and personality in it, and at the same time, they can carry out high-speed communication and information synchronization.For the current stage, due to the limited level of the wizard apprentices, it is not very effective in deducing soul runes and soul spells. However, in the future, a rapidly developing magic society will inevitably give birth to a large number of wizard apprentices.And a certain number of wizard apprentices will inevitably give birth to a large number of advanced wizard apprentices. By then, this' collective intelligence network 'will certainly make great progress in deducing soul runes and soul spells.We may greatly improve the soul runes and find the best effect. We may even change their nature and create a large number of 'artificial runes' through the study of their commonality and personality.The road ahead is long, and the future is promising! "

Aise continued to think. Under the light of the controlled light ball, his eyes were shining. Almost all the muscles in his body were exerted at the same time, and he wrote excitedly:"I also have some ideas about the application of the spiritual imprint network and the virtual space of dreams.We can try to stabilize this virtual space. Maybe we can use the dream crystal that we haven't studied yet. Using the method of runes, we can create a large magic item.It can store our dreams and solidify them. Everyone will leave their spiritual imprint in it, so that the dreams can be integrated with the spiritual imprint.Contribute a part of the dream and the 'root consciousness' dream to form a public dream, and the rest will be private dreams.Also, use the spiritual imprint in the magic item to form a spiritual imprint network that exists in it.This magic item should be a large signal transmission, storage, transmission, and reception facility. Within its radiation range, all wizards can connect to it and enter the spiritual imprint network.A mirror image will be used as a fixed 'root consciousness'. As long as there are more than a certain number of wizard apprentices connecting to the network, then this imprint network will automatically upgrade to a spiritual link network, and have all the effects of an intelligence network! ""Finally, it has been confirmed that the collective meditation through the spiritual link network is effective. Beginner and intermediate wizard apprentices have improved quite a lot.If they concentrate their resources on me, I can even loosen my stagnant spiritual scale, but I'm still far from a real promotion.I speculate that when the number of wizard apprentices is enough and the network is strong enough, then we can concentrate the resources on the 'root consciousness' through collective meditation. It is very likely that I can achieve a breakthrough in my life and become an official wizard.Therefore, the task now is to build and develop the territory, educate the current apprentices, and train the future magic teachers. Hopefully, in the future, there will be a continuous increase in the magic population. While developing the wizard community, I can achieve a leap in my personal strength! "