Report
                            
                            "Maybe I should learn the enchantment technique 'Dana's Iron Fist Style'? After all, it's more practical in close combat. And this enchantment technique almost locked the identity of the Fire Relayer to Aise. So when can I see you? "On the other side, the mirror image Aise finally used the book spirit and the magic book (Mental Imprint Network) to deduce the soul runes of the water element series.This was the power of this type of rule. If it was just Aise's magic book, it would be impossible to deduce the soul runes in reverse.Although the Book Spirit didn't have powerful combat abilities, each of its abilities was a gift from the world, a product of similar rules. If it weren't for Ace's close relationship with its birth and the fact that he controlled its body, the 'dictionary', it would be impossible for him to use it so perfectly.The mirror image Aise peeped at Bayern from the underground magic laboratory and said, "We should indeed meet, as long as you can survive this period. And the academic wizard apprentices I've been raising, they've been studying logic and elementary mathematics for so long, they should already have doubts. ""Limited by the contract, they can't reveal any information to non-contractors, which is also my ideal situation. As long as I appear in front of them, we can establish our relationship. I will hide outside the wizards and reveal myself among the wizards. I will be the Fire Relayer, I will be the Eternal Night Torch. ""However, not every wizard apprentice is qualified to travel with me. There are always difficulties in life. This crisis is a trial given to you by fate. I hope you can pass the trial smoothly. "The mirror image Aise had a warm smile on his face as he whispered to the runic array glass ball. A cold light flashed in his eyes.He met the original body who was reading the books of the previous civilization in the meditation room.The original Aise had just read a secret history. It was written that the Goddess of Hope Modilla had a relationship with the Emperor Agustín and had a deep relationship with the Emperor's eventual rebellion against the gods.He saw the mirror image arrive and stopped reading.There was no need for words. The two Aise worked together, using the materials converted from powerful low-level monsters, and started to set up a nourishing magic circle of the soul rune level.Although mirror image Ace's mental scale had reached the level where he could open the Secret Treasure of the Soul, he still hadn't opened it yet. Copying soul spells in the air was too difficult, so setting up a nourishing magic array on the level of soul runes was the best choice.

Soul runes began to appear on the floor of the meditation room one by one, using the materials made by powerful low-level monsters, combined with the replication of mental power. As the complex rune structure gradually took shape, the magic lines began to link, and the nourishing magic circle was gradually completed."I still have magic stones that were converted from powerful low-level magical creatures. They can be placed in a suitable position in the magic circle as a backup source of mana. After all, the lowest level of mana production and storage might not be enough to supply the peak amount of mana," the original Aise reminded.Then, the original Aise sat in the center of the magic circle and meditated quietly, while the mirror image Aise used his own mental power and mana to activate the nourishing magic circle.The mana and mental power instantly "ignited" the magic lines. As the magic lines shone brightly, the whole magic circle was lit up one by one. The mana from the lowest level of the storage room flowed along the magic lines, and the prepared magic stones also provided the peak amount of mana. Splash!Accompanied by the sound of spring water falling to the ground, the whole meditation room was filled with mist. With a strong nourishing effect, the mist poured into the body of the original Aise in the center of the magic circle, repairing his damaged soul and soul space."It worked!"The mirror image Aise said to himself. He closed the door of the meditation room and left quietly.The scene switched back to Bayern's perspective. He activated Secondary Mana Sensitivity and wandered around the streets and alleys of the fortress.According to Bayern's test, after he activated Secondary Mana Wave Concealment, the white light in the vision of Secondary Mana Sensitivity was indeed greatly weakened. However, if he observed carefully, he could still see a faint white light flashing."In other words, even if an apprentice activates Secondary Mana Wave Concealment, as long as I'm close enough, I can still discover his identity. If this apprentice happens to turn off the spell, I'll discover him instantly! "With this in mind, Bayern carefully observed the streets and alleys. Suddenly, he found a few types of light that he had never seen before.They were not gray, white, red, or gold, but light black. Looking carefully, there was even a hint of blood.Bayern's curiosity was immediately aroused, but he immediately controlled his curiosity. From the experience of being hunted by the murlocs, he learned a lesson: don't be too curious.He quietly recorded the characteristics and colors of these people and observed their direction of movement. He even used the incomplete spell model of Secondary Hypervision Guided Missile to activate the Hypervision Guided Missile. He observed that these people finally went to the house of a rich man.Bayern did not continue to follow them. He believed that he did not have the strength to get involved in too much trouble, but there was a big question mark in his mind.

"There is no doubt that this must be a form of Extraordinary. I've never seen it before. Could it be the Gray believers who ravaged the north? If it's true, then the fortress is not safe at all! I have to quickly contact the apprentices in the fortress. Even if I can't find Aise, I have to move first. ""Of course, if we can find Aise, and if he's really the Fire Relayer, maybe with his strength, we can have a new kind of experiment material."Bayern had rich experience in being hunted down. He instantly reacted. The fortress that looked peaceful now might become a demon's den in the near future.At this time, Bayern met a group of familiar people. It was Borg's caravan.He did not pay attention to them and was about to walk past them like a normal passerby. However, when he casually glanced at Donna, his eyes suddenly froze."You wanderer, why do you keep staring at me?!"Donna felt Bayern's gaze. She followed his gaze and saw a middle-aged man in tattered clothes staring at her blankly. She could not help but ask angrily.Everyone in the caravan saw this and also gathered around.Bayern quickly regained his senses and hurriedly said, "I've never seen a girl as beautiful as you in the north. It's not my fault."Donna listened to Bayern's flattery and the anger in her heart immediately disappeared. She waved her hand and let Bayern go."I didn't expect that a random wanderer in the fortress would fall for my beauty. I have to tell Betty. I don't know where Mister Anzesta went. I really want to see a strong and gentle knight again. "Donna softly whispered to herself. She followed the caravan and left, leaving only Bayern behind with a somewhat dazed expression.