Report
                            
                            Aise observed all of this carefully. He then cast Mana Shackles on the masked man again and used pure magic crystal chains to imprison him. He then began to interrogate the masked man excitedly.He used spells to influence the masked man. Under the double influence of charm and illusion, the masked man spilled everything.A week later, the territory was searched and no other intruders were found. This was the same as the masked man's description.The masked man and the other two were not specifically investigating the tower territory. They just found strange monsters and wanted to capture a few to sacrifice to Pain.According to the masked man's description, he came from the Touch of Pain, a secretly active devil worshipper organization in the City-state of Milne in the North. As for the attire of the Gray Worshippers, it was to hide his identity. This was the usual style of devil worshippers.If the creatures sacrificed to Pain were chosen by Pain, they could be transformed into the corresponding hell creatures and be controlled by them.Their mission was to go to the South and contact a powerful Priest of Pain. It was said that the priest single-handedly pushed the destruction of the Northern Fortress, triggering the war between the Demon King and the Demigod and the projection of the gods in the South.The Touch of Pain had no idea about this priest. It was the will of the Devil of Pain that they believed in that the Touch of Pain sent the three of them to contact him."The devil's conspiracy? According to Anzesta's description, he did meet the Masked Man of Pain before he escaped from the Northern Fortress. Maybe the devil worshippers really did plan the great changes in the North. After all, although the devil worshippers are crazy, they don't look like they have brains. "Aise muttered as he continued to study the devil worshipper.Afraid of losing his precious experimental subjects and prisoners in a situation similar to the Northern Region's interrogation of the Gray Priests, Ace carefully probed and finally confirmed that the devil worshippers did not impose any contractual restrictions on the devil worshippers.This is strange, Aise thought. He did not believe that the devil would not control the worshippers.The research continued. Aise learned a new supernatural language with the help of the Book Spirit, the Language of Hell."The Language of the Abyss tends to express chaos and destruction, or this language has the strongest destructive effect. The Language of Hell is different. This language is more about influence, seduction and control. It is very suitable for mind control and dream magic."Aise recorded the knowledge of the Infernal Language while summarizing it."Speaking of control," Aise suddenly remembered something. He ran to his magic item sealing room, took out a lead box and continued, "The blessing of the Son of the Sea. Maybe my mental strength is strong enough to observe the light ball of blessing."

Just as Aise took out the Blessed Light Sphere and was about to study it, an experiment had just begun in Carloso's villa.A week ago, Carloso had spent a certain amount of Academic Points and a Spirit Magic Stone in exchange for two strange magical creatures for research.As Carloso had yet to become an advanced apprentice, there were many observations that he couldn't make. Therefore, he invited Polina, the famous and wealthy sorceress of Luminous City, to help him with his research.Carloso said to Polina with a serious expression."Committee Member Bo Lina, if the research results this time, we'll split the profits 30-70. You get 70%, and I get 30%. We'll share the use of the research results. What do you think?"Bo Lina stared at the scar on Carloso's face. Looking at his serious expression, she smiled and said, "Why are you so polite to me? We'll split the profits fifty-fifty. "The expression on Carloso's thin face was a little awkward. He said stiffly, "You're an advanced apprentice.Without your help, I wouldn't be able to observe many aspects of this magical creature. Therefore, it's reasonable for you to get a higher share than me. Also, there might not be any results. It's just an agreement. "Bo Lina tilted her head and looked at the awkward Carloso. She smiled and said, "Alright then."In Carloso's underground laboratory, he sliced some of the organs of the strange magical creature and carefully isolated them with sealing magic. Then, he put them under a magic microscope for careful observation."Even if it's sealed, the magical creature's cells are still very active and aggressive. According to the observation of the magic microscope, each cell body has a small rune structure. I need to focus on it. "Bo Lina said.She focused her mental strength into a beam and penetrated the microscopic world through the magic microscope. Slowly, she saw the rune structure on the cell body.Because it was too small and consumed a lot of mental strength, Bo Lina spent a day and barely managed to copy a unique rune.A week passed in the blink of an eye. Carloso and Bo Lina had already recorded four soul runes with different functions."These runes should be the secret to the magical creature's ability to devour and transform. The Devouring Rune and Reverse Assimilation Rune are the core, while the Dispelling Rune and Solidifying Rune are auxiliary forces.If there is no digestion and solidification, only devouring and assimilating foreign bodies will result in excessive growth. If the spell effect is not stopped, it will slowly mutate and eventually turn into a pile of meat paste and die. "

Carloso concluded after many experiments."It looks like a pretty good curse spell. If the effects of the spell aren't removed, the victim will slowly mutate and decline before finally dying."Bo Lina continued."If we want to turn it into an excellent curse spell, we should increase its concealment at the beginning. This spell is easy to remove in the first week, but after a month, it's basically impossible to remove. It's basically just waiting for death."Carloso continued."We still need more experiments to confirm the power and duration of this curse spell."Bo Lina added.A month passed in the blink of an eye. After nearly three hundred experiments with magical creatures, the two finally confirmed the specific effects of this spell.This was a zero-circle spell that required casting materials. The greater the difference between the casting materials and the cursed creature, the better the effect. Ordinary magical creatures or intermediate apprentices couldn't resist this curse and would almost certainly be hit.Advanced apprentices or powerful low-level magical creatures had a certain chance of being immune to the curse. If they were cursed, the rune structure of the curse would penetrate into every cell of the body after a month, and it would be difficult to remove."This spell is suitable for killing enemies without them knowing. I think it will be of great help to the lurking branches in the City-state. It can silently eliminate enemies. Why don't we call this spell Carloso's Mysterious Blessing? "Bo Lina recorded the effects of the spell and teased Carloso."You're an advanced apprentice, so the naming rights of the spell will naturally belong to you. It should be called Bo Lina's Kiss Goodbye."Carloso also said in a mischievous manner.The two joked with each other for a while and finally decided to call this spell Formless Mutation Curse, a very plain name.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login