Report
                            
                            When Aise heard the words of this acolyte, he smiled.He had to admit that this line of thought was worth a try. Linking in one's dreams might yield unexpected results. Aise thought as he verbally encouraged this acolyte.Afterwards, Ace selected a few more apprentices. He saw Warren waving his hand impatiently, so he smiled and said to Warren, "Let's go."Let's ask Walen to share his thoughts."When Warren heard Aise's teasing, the freckles on his face became brighter. He scratched his red hair, stood up and bowed to Aise."I believe that the principle behind the link is a very profound problem. It might take us a long time to research it."When the surrounding acolytes heard this, they all shook their heads and whispered words like "Isn't this nonsense?" or "It's too obvious".Aise patiently looked at Warren and signaled him to continue.Warren saw the surrounding acolytes discussing animatedly and his freckles becoming brighter. He blushed and earnestly said."My thoughts are like this. You asked if there is a similar phenomenon in nature.I believe that according to the basic point of view of logic, we Wizards are part of the human race. Can we assume that humans also have a phenomenon similar to the Great Dream effect? Or according to the attributes of the Wizards as extraordinary and intelligent beings, can we limit it to the existence of extraordinary intelligence? Is it possible that the descendants of Gods, Devils, Demons, and even Gods have a similar phenomenon?We can research and explore from this aspect, perhaps we can answer the question of the principle behind the link. "Aise looked at the blushing Warren who sat down after speaking. His eyes flashed with a trace of affirmation. Regardless of whether his suggestion was correct or not, at least he was walking on the path of thinking, diligent thinking, and rational hypotheses. This was a huge improvement.Aise looked around at the other acolytes and gently said."Warren's ideas are very enlightening. Although his way of thinking is immature, the basic framework is correct.When we explore an unknown problem, we first have to understand its attributes through various methods, then summarize its characteristics and commonalities. Then, we have to continuously conduct comparative experiments based on its attributes. Through constant comparison and elimination, we finally find the correct method.This is a spiralling process. Through this method, we can continuously discover problems and summarize the approximate value of the truth within a certain range. Then, we can continue to discover problems and continue our spiralling research.Now, all of you will form groups of five and discuss freely for an hour. "All the apprentices fell into deep thought, except for Arnaud. His eyes had already turned into mosquito coils, and he felt dizzy, as if he had fallen into the clouds.

Aise didn't continue speaking. He gave the apprentices some time to think. If he wanted to truly inspire them and let them become important helpers in the future, cultivating good thinking habits and correct thinking patterns was essential.All of this was best combined with the collision of ideas. Through continuous group discussions, they would slowly come to a consensus. This was also an essential process.These Sorcerer-Apprentices still had a long way to go. To use five years to consolidate their basic knowledge and establish their thinking patterns was not a small challenge.An hour passed quickly. Aise said to the apprentices with a serious expression."Due to time constraints, we won't discuss it today. You can continue to discuss it with your team members after you go back.Now, I have something to announce. After yesterday's Mental Link experiment, I have decided to upgrade and improve everyone's spellbooks. Please give your spellbooks to Bayern. Don't worry about making mistakes.The second page of each spellbook has a unique spiritual imprint that you have spent 15 minutes to nourish with your magic power every time you meditate. This is a unique identification object. It can be called the fingerprint of your soul. "After listening to Aise's words, the apprentices were convinced and handed over their spellbooks to Bayern.They were all reluctant to part with them. The spellbook could be said to be the only magic item that most of them had, and it was extremely important.This spellbook recorded all kinds of secondary runes, spell models, and runic matrices that they had discovered and exchanged. The spellbook also recorded a large amount of personal understanding, experiment records, and important information on their path of magic.In addition to the spiritual imprint that was constantly growing under the nourishment of meditation day and night, each spellbook was the most important tool for an apprentice on the path of magic.Especially now, they had not become advanced apprentices and had not opened the Secret Chamber of Souls. Almost all their spellcasting relied on the spell models recorded in the spellbooks. Once they left the spellbook, the spellcasting process would be a lot more troublesome. Some of the spell models that they could not remember could not be used directly.After watching Bayern collect all the spellbooks, Aise ordered him to send them to the biggest mud house in the village where he lived. His mirror image had already transformed into Sharp's appearance, waiting to receive the spellbooks.Mirror image was one of the few trump cards that Aise had. Even for a long time in the future, he did not plan to teach it to any apprentice. On one hand, this ritual was very dangerous and had hidden dangers. On the other hand, this was an exploration of the evolution of life. Some mysteries should be enjoyed by oneself.

Only by maintaining a certain gap in technology and absorbing the knowledge and wisdom of others in a timely manner could he always stand at the top of all the wizards.After collecting all the spellbooks, the sun slowly climbed to the middle of the sky. The winter sun was very warm. Together with the warm sea breeze blowing from the east coast, the whole primitive settlement looked very beautiful.Aise ordered people to call all the friends and relatives of the apprentices. There were less than three hundred people in total. These were the people that he could use to rule the territory in the future.After Bayern came back, Aise faced the crowd in the square and activated his soul spell "Hint"."I've told you before that we will build a wizard academy and a magic society in this virgin land. Now, we have arrived at this barren and primitive valley.This place is barren, but the environment is livable and the location is safe. To our east is the surging Pontos Sea, surrounded by mountains on three sides, and embraced by the Lar Mountain Range.An unnamed river flows out from the Lar Mountain Range and flows into the Pontos Sea from here, nourishing this land. It has been confirmed that there is a large compound multi-metal mine in the northern mountain range.We also have almost five thousand barbarian natives as manpower. Also, there are all kinds of talents here who are proficient in all kinds of skills. The world is vast and promising! "Under the guidance of Aise's words and the spell "Hint", the friends and relatives of the apprentices who had just arrived at this new place began to feel relieved. The passion in their hearts was aroused, and they began to discuss in low voices.The four hundred people in the square began to look forward to building a better life in the future.