Report
                            
                            It was true that it was not interested in these heads and hearts. The reason why it was willing to trade with Aise the first time was that it did not know much about the monsters in the World Inner.However, after the trade, it had learned what the monsters in this world were, and its curiosity had been satisfied. If it was some other type of mid-level monster, it might be interested, but it had no interest in the same type of monster.Aise heard this and felt troubled. This level of monster was already the most valuable thing he could offer."However, I dare not be interested. It's not about the value, but about the need!"Aise was not frustrated. He calmly found hope from the words of the mysterious existence and said respectfully, "You said that I dare not be interested. Does it mean that if you are interested in something, I can trade with you? May I have the honor to know what you like?"The crystal creature heard Aise's words as if it had heard a funny joke. Its whole body trembled, and then it laughed wantonly. It spread its wings, and in an instant, it grew from a hundred meters to a thousand meters, and then suddenly shrank into a cute crystal creature that was only one meter in size.Its voice became a little childish, and it said happily, "Of course I want a lot of delicious food, the more the better!"The voice reached Aise's ears, and it was still full of majesty."Sacrifice food to me until I am satisfied."Aise's eyebrows relaxed. If this question was raised a few years ago, he would have a headache. But now, it should not be a problem for him!The food from the previous world had gradually become popular in the territory of the Wizard Tower. The idiom "subordinates follow the example of their superiors" was still applicable in this world. Although Aise did not know how to cook, he knew how to eat, and eating was one of his few hobbies.The food and beverage in this world was not developed. There were only the basic seasonings of salt, sugar, butter, and cheese. There were only two kinds of dishes: soup and grilling.Aise invented the iron pot for cooking and the ceramic casserole for stewing soup. He also commissioned the wizard apprentices to explore the Lar Mountains and go to the City-state in the north to buy seasonings. Finally, he got seasonings that looked, smelled, and tasted good.The so-called seasonings were divided into five types: salty, sweet, sour, spicy, and umami. Each type had an extremely subtle difference. Even though Aise had spent five years collecting them, he had only managed to collect five basic types of seasonings. Each type only had two or three types of seasonings.But that was enough. Most of the delicacies from his previous life could now be recreated. In fact, due to the existence of magical creatures and magical plants, there were even more varieties!

"Esteemed Sir, please allow me to make some preparations and give you a taste of our special delicacy, Steamed Egg with Minced Meat and Tofu."Aise said respectfully.After turning into a one-meter-tall crystalline being, he felt much less pressure. The huge consumption of energy, and there was nowhere to replenish it. Maintaining a huge body was a huge burden for him.Their small stature could greatly reduce the pressure they had to bear. This was the unique way of survival of their race. When necessary, they could maintain their own existence through decline.His interest was piqued as he said in a childish voice, "We still have to wait a while. Steamed eggs with minced meat and tofu sounds very interesting. Hurry up and prepare it!"It passed through the spatial barrier and reached Ace, and a voice full of pressure sounded."I'll give you permission to prepare it. Don't take too long."Aise bowed and put the head and broken heart of the magical creature into the stomach space. He then slowly withdrew from the secret room. After leaving the secret room, he closed the door of the secret room.The sealing effect of the encryption rune group appeared, and the majesty inside was not leaked. Aise hurriedly put the head and broken heart back to their original place and then went to the castle kitchen.Aise chose Steamed Egg with Minced Meat and Tofu for a reason. This dish was smooth but not greasy, and the taste was smooth and moist. It was a good tasting dish.More importantly, the warehouse had just received a batch of flamingo eggs. This kind of magical creature's eggs were extremely fresh and delicious. It was a rare delicacy.Paired with the most delicious spine and lean meat of the low-level magical creature, the long-toothed boar, the lean meat was cut into meat paste, and then mixed with fresh magical plants to make delicious tofu. This was the best magical delicacy that Aise could come up with!After arriving at the kitchen, Aise quickly summoned several apprentices from the school who were proficient in magical cooking to the back kitchen.Logan, wearing an oversized hat, was tending and observing the magical plants in the Magic Plant Garden. He had published a paper three years ago, "Twenty-one Ways to Use the Toothed Tongue Flower," which was appreciated by Aise and allowed to enter the Magic Plant Garden for observation.He was allowed to use no more than one kilogram of ordinary magical plant materials for research every month. He was also very hardworking. In three years, he had published fifteen papers on magical plants, two of which were published in the top journal, "Magic."His main business was the research of magical potions. He had the patent rights to six kinds of potion formulas, such as the Permanent Deformation Removal Potion, Mana Recovery Potion, and Health Recovery Potion.

As a sideline, he was also very fond of the cooking skills invented by Lord Aise and had good cooking skills."I didn't expect the Toothed Tongue Flower to have such a high-quality seasoning effect. Now there should be twenty-two ways to use it, haha." Logan, who was holding a Toothed Tongue Flower, took off his big hat, and a happy smile appeared on his wrinkled face.At this moment, his magic book became boiling hot, and Aise's voice came from the magic book."Logan, come to the castle's kitchen immediately."Logan didn't dare to be negligent. He put down the Toothed Tongue Flower and walked a few steps. After thinking for a moment, he turned back, took the Toothed Tongue Flower in his hand, and ran to the kitchen.When Logan arrived at the kitchen, he found that several other Apprentice Magi who were proficient in magical cooking had also arrived."This time, I've gathered everyone because I need everyone to work together to make a delicious steamed egg with minced meat and tofu! As long as the food is to my satisfaction, everyone present will receive a spirit magic stone. "Aise saw that everyone had arrived and directly said to everyone.Two Apprentice Magi used a small drill made of magic crystals to drill a small hole in the flamingo egg. The egg white slowly flowed out, and they used a bowl made of magic crystals to directly catch the egg white. After that, they took out the egg yolk and sprinkled seasoning according to a fixed ratio to prepare the dish.The reason why they used magic crystal kitchen utensils was that this method could guarantee the original taste of the ingredients to the greatest extent.The other two Apprentice Magi were using magic crystal boning knives to cut the tenderloin of the long-toothed boar in midair. They used magic crystal boning knives to quickly cut the tenderloin while using magic crystal chopping boards to catch it. The tenderloin was quickly chopped into minced meat.As for the delicious tofu made from delicious beans, it had already been prepared. An Apprentice Magi had already brought over the delicious tofu that was flickering with colorful light.Logan clenched his teeth, stroked the Toothed Tongue Flower in his hand, and said to Aise, "Respected Lord Aise, in the past few days of research, I've just discovered that if a white flame is used to burn the Toothed Tongue Flower for ten seconds, the ashes left behind will have an excellent freshness effect. The ashes of the White Flame Toothed Tongue Flower are a very high-quality magical seasoning."Aise glanced at Logan and said, "After making the steamed egg with minced meat and tofu, scoop out a spoonful and sprinkle the ashes of the White Flame Toothed Tongue Flower on it."

The few of them began to get busy. After about half an hour, the steamed egg with minced meat and tofu in magic crystal kitchen utensils was ready. The exquisite taste was fermenting under the effect of magic power, and it even emitted a faint light.Aise used magic crystal to create a magic crystal spoon. After scooping out a spoonful of steamed egg with minced meat and tofu, he sprinkled some ashes of the White Flame Toothed Tongue Flower on it.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login