Report
                            
                            His ability to understand the unknown and deduce was activated, frantically recording the knowledge brought about by the power of the laws.Countless light spots and torches flashed around Aise. They agreed with this declaration. Aise's words condensed into mysterious words in the sea of consciousness. An old witness parchment scroll unfolded, and the mysterious words fell on it.Everyone's will and the laws of the ancient scale formed a golden rope, securing the parchment scroll in place and sinking into the deepest part of the subconscious sea of the adepts that had formed temporarily."According to the principle of equal exchange, respect for knowledge, and search for the truth, I, the Firebringer, make the first vow with all wizards.Anyone who embarks on the path of magic I create, learns my knowledge, and must share the new knowledge and results of their research with me! "The scale hung high above the sea. The first vow mentioned by Torch Aise turned into mysterious words and imprinted on the second parchment scroll. It was placed on the scroll, but it was a little shaky, as if it was not stable enough."According to the principle of keeping secrets, I, the Firebringer, make the second vow with all wizards. The knowledge and research shared with me, unless I agree, I cannot pass it on to a third person. "The golden scale began to shine brightly. The second vow mentioned by Torch Aise also turned into mysterious words and imprinted on an unfolded parchment scroll. The scroll was placed on both ends of the scale, and the scale was stable."According to the principle of keeping secrets and keeping watch," Torch Aise had used up a lot of his power of the will. His flame was dim, flickering, and could not last long. He struggled to speak."I, the Firebringer, make the third vow with all wizards. The wizards cannot betray the Firebringer, Aise, in any form, directly or indirectly." Torch Aise panted like a human. The flame was dim, but the golden scale was still unstable. The words formed by the third vow revolved around the parchment scroll, but the witness scroll was like a stubborn stone, not unfolding for a long time.Torch Aise did not hesitate and continued, "Firebringer Aise also needs to protect and guide the Magi without harming his own interests."The number of words formed by the third oath continued to increase, and the parchment scroll was finally unfolded. The ancient scale suddenly shone brightly, and the red light turned into three red ropes, which fixed the three parchment scrolls and brought them to the depths of the subconscious sea formed by the spirit network of the wizard apprentices.At this time, the whole subconscious sea was boiling, and the light spots of the sorcerer-apprentices also felt tired and dispirited. The ancient scale was constantly moving, and the stack of parchment scrolls was about to disappear.The exhausted Torch Aise could feel the urge of the sea of consciousness. He was enlightened and floated into the air above the boiling sea of consciousness. The Fire Raven's Hand grabbed the little fatty Book Spirit who was trying hard to record knowledge. The little fatty was a little confused and looked innocently at Torch Aise.

Torch Aise ignored it and said loudly to the scale and the scroll:"The rules of fairness and witness are clear. The Book Spirit was born because of me, and the Sea of Consciousness was formed because of it. On behalf of all the Magi, I am willing to sign an eternal contract with the Book Spirit.Book Spirit, I will represent the will of all the Magi. According to the first and second oaths, please join me and become the center of the Sea of Consciousness of all the Magi.The Magi will allow you to share our knowledge and research results. In return, you will provide me with permanent research assistance and straighten out the Sea of Consciousness of all the Magi, so that we can better communicate with the Sea of Consciousness of all the Magi. "The exhausted light spots of the sorcerer-apprentices followed Torch Aise and expressed their agreement. The Sea of Consciousness of all the Magi was boiling even more, as if it was eager to express its agreement. Countless bubbles were rising, and it seemed to have reached some kind of extreme state.The ancient scale continued to move rhythmically, and the parchment scroll was flickering, but there was no sign of it being unfolded.Torch Aise was a little anxious. He wanted to solve the hidden problem of the contract with the Book Spirit once and for all.Moreover, he had keenly discovered that the reason the mental network of the adepts could transform into a sea of consciousness and appear in this strange place that seemed both real and illusory was because of the book spirit!This Magi mentioned the Sea of Reality. His intuition told him that he had to take this opportunity to completely bind both of them. This was a Magi that this world had manifested according to his dictionary and logic. If he didn't sign an eternal contract with it before it grew up, it would be difficult to do so in the future.This magical creature was the "golden finger" that this world had given him according to the knowledge of his previous life. He had to make full use of it.He spread out the flaming hand that was holding the fat Book Spirit and said to the fat Book Spirit who was half threatening and half tempting, "Are you willing to follow the master's words? If you do, we will share the endless knowledge of the future! "The Book Spirit's face was a little conflicted at first, but after hearing the words "endless knowledge", the flame on its face burned brightly. Its granny voice was a little anxious, "Endless knowledge? I'm willing to follow! "

The ancient scales of the fair contract began to vibrate violently. The words that Aise said to the Book Spirit turned into mysterious words under the rhythm. The tattered parchment scroll that was faintly discernible opened automatically.The mysterious words fell on the scroll and emitted a dazzling light.The scales of the fair contract suddenly turned into a ray of light and condensed into a green rope. It wrapped around the tattered parchment scroll and threw it into the center of the boiling Sea of Consciousness of all the Magi.Boom!Following the entry of the contract, the entire sea of subconscious instantly erupted with a violent tsunami. It was jubilant and celebrating. This embryonic collective sea of subconscious that was coincidentally born was very happy with the integration of the book spirit.Torch Aise looked at all of this. Although he didn't understand why the Sea of Consciousness was urging him to do so, he had always wanted to sign an eternal contract with the Book Spirit. All of this was just right.Exhausted, he and the other apprentices were unable to respond to the cheering of the Sea of Consciousness. Their light gradually dimmed and they returned to reality.The cool sea breeze swept through the entire valley along the river. It was already noon, and the winter sun was warming everything. The primitive evergreen forest was lush and green, and rustling sounds could be heard as the sea breeze caressed it.Countless birds living in the forest were startled. The birds chirped and flew into the sky, but they were hunted down by the bird predators.The sound of flowing water echoed in the valley. The whole primitive valley was very quiet.It was just like a poem from Aise's previous life, "The forest is quiet with the cicadas."In the open space between the primitive forest and the river, all the Magi's Apprentices including Aise were soaked in water. Betty, Olli, and a few other female Magi's Apprentices were almost soaked. The beautiful scenery was faintly discernible.