Report
                            
                            "Unbelievable, there is a faint white glow on Donna's body! I am sure that when she was in Tsmali and on the cargo ship, she did not come into contact with magic. All of this might be related to the apprentices in the fortress, or even Aise! "Bayern was not in a hurry to take action. His age and the murloc's pursuit had taught him the importance of patience. Donna's residence was fixed, so it was not difficult to track her down.The timeline went back to when Borg had just entered the city. On the second floor of the fortress's chief administrative officer's villa, in a large bedroom facing the sun. The chief administrative officer's only daughter, Betty, lived here.She had bright blonde hair tied into two ponytails. She had a delicate face, a petite figure, and a well-fitting ladylike outfit.Her room was densely covered with runic matrices, and many of the arrangements were very unique. When they were not activated, everything was normal. As the only natural overclocker that Aise had found in the entire fortress, Betty's magic talent was extraordinary."I finally got first place in this exam. I don't know which apprentice always competed with me for first place in the monthly exam, but I only managed to gather a thousand points now.""The world of magic is so mysterious and so charming. Wouldn't it be too lonely for me to explore alone? I have to bring my best friend, Donna, into the world of magic!"She shouted loudly in the room, not minding that the people outside could hear.As she shouted, one of the runic matrices in the room suddenly lit up, isolating the sound."A small one-way soundproof runic matrices, how could it stump my genius, Betty, hahaha!"It was as if she had completely forgotten who she was. After almost two weeks of torment and pulling out hundreds of strands of hair, she finally succeeded in improving a unique soundproof runic matrix based on the template in the magic book.Betty's room had two rooms, and the outside was a typical lady's room, spotless.However, after passing through the secret door of the wardrobe, she entered a small dark room. Everywhere was a mess, with a strong smell of steel and animal fat.Gears, pulleys, levers, all of these did not seem like things that could be developed by the current civilization. There were even runic matrices that had been modified many times. Everything was so unusual."The huge machine that was introduced in the books of the previous civilization will one day appear in my hands! At that time, even the powerful Lord Fire Relayer will definitely think highly of me. He might even take me in as his personal disciple! "

Betty stood in the middle of a pile of broken parts and laughed like a defeated dog. Then, she focused on assembling her enchantment machine.According to the contract, the sorcerer-apprentices were not allowed to casually reveal the secrets of the contract. In the worst case scenario, they would be stripped of their strength and intelligence, turning into idiots.At the same time, unless there were special circumstances, they were not allowed to use spells in the crowd. Depending on the specific circumstances, different points would be deducted, the right to exchange spell models would be deprived, and the right to study and take exams would be deprived.Therefore, the Sorcerer-Apprentices in the Stronghold were generally rather secretive. Although there were a few unlucky ones who were discovered, most of them were quietly studying and researching.With the help of the magic books, the apprentices in the fortress gradually got to know each other. Many of them had the same hobbies or research interests, so they formed regular gatherings.Betty's circle called itself the Enchantment Research Association. Most of the apprentices in the circle were researching how to enchant weapons and items. There were also some who studied enchantment martial arts and tried to combine it with enchantment weapons.Only Betty's research direction was unique. She wanted to recreate the machines of the previous civilization and create enchantment machines. However, she had yet to succeed and had only created a pile of broken parts.Aise did not do much research on enchantment. He had only created one enchanted weapon, which was the burning dagger "Glimmer".The only enchanted item he had created was the box that stored the mysterious ball of light.He wrote down his rough enchantment ideas in the magic book and published them on the fifth page of the magic diary, hoping that some apprentices would be able to research them.The enchantment process that Aise provided was very simple and was divided into four steps.The first step was to cast the billet, which was to prepare the materials for magic adaptation. It was best to use magic creatures as materials and adjust them.The second step was to use magic power to wash the materials. Using a specific frequency, one's own magic power would infect the materials and then purify them to remove the imprint on the materials.The third step was to use elementization. It was not necessary and was limited to creating specific elemental items.The fourth step was enchantment. It was to mold the prepared magic billet and inscribe the corresponding runic matrix.The most complicated and attractive part of this research was to develop unique runic matrices. Every apprentice who developed a new and effective runic matrix would be rewarded with a large amount of points.This was why Betty could earn so many points without leaving the house and only rely on studying and developing runic matrices.

This was also the ideal situation in Aise's mind. Research-type wizards did not have to specialize in combat and could achieve sustainable development by relying on research. Combat wizards had to rely on discovering new runes and sacrificing magic materials to obtain points. They would then purchase the research results of the Research-type wizards and form a virtuous cycle.Of course, in this situation and the interruption of the City-state, Aise had a new plan in mind. He would give the apprentices a trial.Anyone who passed the trial could join the wizard academy he established and call him a teacher.Our attention returned to Betty. She had used a thousand points to exchange for a brand-new magic book with the help of a reverse sacrificial ritual."Donna is coming back soon. I'm going to give her a big surprise! Don't be envious of some noble divine descendant. We are Transcendents ourselves! "Betty stepped on the bed in her room and laughed loudly with her hands on her hips. She did not look like a lady at all.On the other side, Borg brought the caravan to the market. After settling down, he took Donna to the mansion of the Chief Administrative Officer.As Borg walked on the road, he slowly recalled his childhood memories.Speaking of which, he and the Chief Administrative Officer were childhood friends. When they were still kids, they skipped classes together and caused trouble in the First Street of the Royal City, forming a deep friendship.The two families even agreed that if they were a boy and a girl, they would become in-laws. Who knew that both families only had one daughter, so they became sisters who grew up together.Later, when the Chief Administrative Officer was promoted and sent to the Northern Fortress, they did not interact much with each other. However, it was precisely because the Chief Administrative Officer was in the Northern Fortress that Borg dared to bring a caravan of salted fish from Tsmali to the Northern Fortress.Before they knew it, they had arrived at the mansion of the Chief Administrative Officer. Borg gave the gift he prepared to the servant and gave the Chief Administrative Officer a tight hug."My good brother! What are you bringing to the Northern Fortress for?"The Chief Administrative Officer said happily. Betty was wearing a lady's floral dress. She lifted the hem of her dress with both hands and bowed to Borg and Donna in a very ladylike manner.