Report
                            
                            It seemed that there was some kind of restriction on the bald priest that prevented him from revealing more secrets. Just like the wizard apprentices who were bound by a contract, they could not betray the key things even if they wanted to.Moreover, after Aise interrogated the bald priest, he seemed to have triggered something. The bald priest struggled violently. His pupils were dilated and his eyes were filled with fear. He was burned to ashes by the black flame that burned from the inside out."If the bald priest's words are true, then I still have some time to prepare. However, his words can't be trusted completely. If I were the leader, in order to ensure the success of the plan, I would definitely not let my subordinates know all the true information. ""And he mysteriously self-ignited. I'm afraid that some unknown mechanism was triggered. Maybe the Gray believers already know that the bald priest has been arrested. I can't waste any more time. Mirror image, immediately transform and detect the Gray believers from afar. "Aise then told the mirror image the summary of the situation through the magic book. He ordered him to immediately evacuate and transform into an owl to monitor the nodes of the Gray believers from afar.The mirror image in the node immediately realized the seriousness of the situation. The Gray believers were likely to come to the node to check, and they might even start the ritual in advance. He made an excuse to leave the node and transformed into an owl to fly into the sky. He landed on a high tower and transformed his eyes to monitor the node."Bayern has gradually gained a foothold among the apprentices. If he wants to see me, I must see him immediately." The eyes of the original Aise flashed. He manipulated the magic book and wrote a message.Bayern the black cat, who was at home, found that the magic book was hot. The spiritual imprint was calling him, and words appeared on the last page.Contractor Bayern, His Excellency Firebringer is very satisfied with your performance. Please go to the fortress hospital immediately.He looked a little excited, but he suppressed his emotions and calmly analyzed."The message is very short. The location is in the hospital. It's likely to be related to Aise. Maybe my guess is right. It didn't tell me what will happen after I reach the hospital. Maybe there will be guidance, or maybe there will be a test. "Bayern took off his clothes and transformed into a black cat. He held Anazir's die in his mouth and ran in the direction of the fortress hospital. If someone observed at night, they would find that the black cat ran extremely fast, almost comparable to a low-level demon.Bayern the black cat soon arrived at the hospital. The hospital was still brightly lit at night. Aise had set up the hospital's rules and regulations. There were patients in the hospital and doctors in charge of the emergency department.

Bayern the black cat circled around the outskirts of the hospital. It spat out Anazir's die and used its paw to gently move it. The die shone faintly, indicating that there was no danger.He then sneaked into the hospital and went straight to Aise's former residence.Nearing the hospital's backyard, Bayern the black cat suddenly thought of something, as if it needed to leave. It ran a few steps back and Anazir's die suddenly flashed, removing its abnormal status. Bayern the black cat suddenly realized that this seemed to be the effect of some kind of magic."What kind of spell would it be to make everyone close to it leave spontaneously?" Bayern the black cat meowed as it pondered.Aise did not share the runes and spell models related to illusion mind control, so most of the wizard apprentices did not know this type of spell.Bayern the black cat relied on the special effect of Anazir's die to enter Aise's former residence. It looked up and down, left and right, but still did not find anything unusual.Suddenly, the floor of Aise's residence cracked open. Bayern the black cat fell through the secret passage under the floor and landed on the mechanical magic ladder with a plop.With the creaking sound of the ladder, Bayern the black cat slowly sank into the underground magic laboratory.On the first floor of the underground magic laboratory, Aise wore a black robe and stood next to a glass orb engraved with complex runic circles. He held a copy of the magic book in one hand and looked at the flashing images on the glass orb silently.Clang!The mechanical magic ladder stopped. Bayern the black cat nimbly jumped down from the ladder and saw the figure standing in front of the glass orb."Is that Scholar Aise?"Bayern the black cat spoke in human language with a hoarse voice."Long time no see, Scholar Bayern the black cat."Aise turned around and took off the hood of his black robe, revealing his face."Are you, are you the Firebringer?"Bayern the black cat looked at the magic books on the shelves in the underground magic laboratory and the huge glass orb in the center. It also looked at the images on the glass orb and said excitedly."I am the Firebringer!"Aise said simply and powerfully. At the same time, he activated the illusion soul spell "Suggestion". He focused on the induction runes, sympathy runes, and will runes to create a strong empathy and infection effect.Bayern the black cat finally got a definite answer. At this moment, it felt very happy and touched. It stood up like a human and bowed down. It said in a hoarse voice:

"The pioneer of the path of magic, the only light in the long night, the guide of all wizards, intermediate wizard apprentice Bayern the black cat salutes you, the great Firebringer."Aise looked at Bayern the black cat who had transformed into a human and crawled on the ground with satisfaction in his eyes.Although Bayern was old, it was really outstanding. Its way of thinking in research was correct, its ability to experiment was strong, and it was cautious and experienced in doing things. At this time, it had successfully convinced the other wizard apprentices with its knowledge and successfully integrated into this circle. It was a very suitable candidate."Wizard apprentice Bayern the black cat, what do you think of the Descendants of God?"Aise walked slowly to Bayern the black cat. He then waved his hand and removed Bayern's secondary transformation spell. He then used "advanced magic tricks" to summon a black robe and put it on Bayern's body and helped it up."Honorable Firebringer, the Descendants of God are our enemies!"Bayern quickly put on the black robe and put the dice in the robe. It followed Aise barefooted to the rune glass ball, its eyes showing determination and determination."Not only the Descendants of God, all the Transcendents of the old forces are our enemies. We are wizards, a new and weak Transcendental force, we are destined to be suppressed. "Bayern looked at Aise and said."Your understanding is very good, I am very satisfied.But in our future, we will not fight against all the old Transcendents. We have to unite the majority as much as possible, pull one side to fight another. Whether it is the Descendants of God, demons, devils, or monsters, as long as there is a common interest, we can cooperate.But remember, we have to destroy them in the end.The so-called Transcendents, whether it is the Descendants of God, demons, devils, or monsters, they are not only our enemies, but also our precious experimental materials, the source of our Transcendental knowledge! "Aise looked at the images on the glass ball and continued to speak while pointing at the glass ball."This is us wizards, we are a group of researchers. All Transcendents can be dissected on our table. Research Transcendents, imitate Transcendents, and surpass Transcendents! "He then waved his hand and said gently to Bayern.