Report
                            
                            The Goddess of Elegance sat up on the throne, her white lotus-like hands touching the throne. She stared at her son and said seriously, "Your father and I love you very much, and a path to becoming a god is the best gift I can give you. Although it's not powerful, the more powerful the path is, the more intense the competition is, and the easier it is to fail! ""You're right, Mother Goddess! The path of drama is the most suitable for me. "Rhonamus, who was standing aside, said gratefully."You should know that to become a legend, you must be praised by the mortals."The Goddess of Elegance looked at her son and continued,"Epic heroes are known as eternal epics. Their strength is not necessarily stronger than legendary heroes, but!Even if the mortals no longer praise their stories, even if no one knows their names, their strength will not decrease!This is because the epic heroes have completely solidified the relics and epics projected by their Imagined World, so they will always be at their peak.For ordinary people, the epic heroes are the end of the path of transcendence. "His gaze was faint, as if he was recalling something. He murmured in a somewhat ethereal manner,She murmured, "Although they have a lifespan of 10,000 years and have special relics that can go against the gods and defeat them, the epic heroes are not epic heroes. They can only defeat the gods for a while, but they can't kill them. ""What kind of powerful relics can defeat the gods?"Rhonamus couldn't help but ask. The Goddess of Elegance did not answer him."Only those who have extracted divinity from treasures or those who have been bestowed with divinity by the gods are qualified to ignite the divinity and use the divine fire to leave some traces at the Originator of the World, becoming a demigod whose divine fire will never be extinguished.""If you become a demigod, you can be said to be a god in preparation."The Goddess of Elegance looked at Rhonamus expectantly. She had infinite expectations for her only son."If a demigod wants to become a real god, he has to refine his relics with divine fire in his endless life to connect it with the Originator of the World and leave a mark in the Originator. Through the Originator, the relics will be upgraded to godhood and receive the feedback of the Originator's mark to obtain the priesthood. Only when the trinity of divine fire, godhood, and priesthood are combined can one be truly upgraded to a god.This kind of ordinary god is also called the God of Freedom.

Some gods walk the path of other main gods. Their divinity and priesthood are fake, and the main god can take them back at any time, so these ordinary gods are called subordinate gods. "This was extremely secretive knowledge. Not everyone, even the Son of God, knew about it. Only gods like the Goddess of Elegance, who had just become a god and still retained a strong sense of mother-child kinship, would teach their children about this."Do you know why natural gods rarely use faith? Ronald Muss. "The Goddess of Elegance asked as she lazily laid back on her throne."I don't know."Ronomusi said honestly.The Goddess of Elegance smiled and said softly,"For natural gods, the faith of mortals is just a supplement to them and is not absolutely necessary. Even if there are no mortals, it does not affect their immortality.This was because they had completely unified their Divine Flames, divine personas, and divine concepts. Furthermore, they could communicate with the Heavenly God Domains of the Originator at all times, thereby allowing them to directly draw power from the Originator without relying on faith.If I could completely communicate with the Originator's Domain of Elegance, as long as the creatures in the World Inner were all in the Wind of Elegance, I would be able to obtain endless power even if no one knew my name! "The Goddess of Elegance looked at her son. Seeing that he was listening carefully, she continued, "Unfortunately, my Divine Flames, divine personas, and divine concepts have yet to be unified and can't completely communicate with the Originator's Domain of Elegance. Therefore, I still need a substitute to consolidate my position, and this substitute is not faith!"Faith is the lowest choice. We have a divine concept and act according to the style of the domain of the divine concept to achieve the unity of self and the Originator, but it does not mean that we have lost ourselves. On the contrary, we have become more aware of ourselves and maintain our true spirit."The power of faith is different. Although it can allow a Golden Hero to break through to the Legendary Realm in a short time and allow an Epic Hero to forcefully reach the Demigod Realm, it can even allow a Demigod to gather the faith of all living beings, achieve the trinity, and ascend to godhood!"However, all of this comes at a price. "Gods forged by faith are not worthy of their positions and are blinded by the faith of all living beings. They are not pursuing the unity of self and the Originator, but are pushed by the faith of all living beings to pursue the Originator and become the puppets of all living beings!"The Goddess of Elegance solemnly spoke of the secret hidden in the rise and fall of civilizations in the Kaya World for 200,000 years. Gods of faith had appeared before!

She changed her posture and continued, "We are gods.We have the power to suppress all disobedience. We must be the ones to lead ourselves and not be controlled by ants."In the creation and destruction of countless civilizations, the gods discovered that as long as a country had a population of more than 100,000 and formed a city, and with effective management, it would form a position that was just enough for an ordinary god to consolidate his position."Therefore, civilizations in the form of great empires gradually died out. The last civilization was the previous generation. In order to resist the invasion of devils and demons in the World Inner, they established an empire with the permission of His Majesty the King of Gods."The position of the empire was too high, and it made the emperor of that time disloyal. Even though His Majesty the King of Gods tried to suppress it, he still became a Demigod and even had the power to fight against the Titan Master God in a short time with the help of the empire and steam civilization."After that, a new generation of civilization was established. No matter how active the abyss and hell were, His Majesty allowed the emergence of great empires."The Goddess of Elegance stood up and held Rhonamuth's hand."This time, the North of City-state has been transformed into a projection of the abyss by the demons. This is a crisis that we must solve. Even if we can't reclaim the North, we must contain the demons in the North. Medemus City-state is related to our God's Path!Why is our City-state not called Medemus but Medemus? This is because this City-state is destined to support two gods! "Rhonamuth was held by the Goddess of Elegance Medemus and felt warmth in his heart. This was the love of a mother. Even though she was a goddess, she was still a great mother."Mother, I will prepare to go to Grandmother's country. I will definitely step on the Path of God and become a god! "Just as Rhonamuth and Medemus were deeply in love, in the God's Kingdom of the Lord of the Sea, Ghana, he was sitting on the Wave Divine Throne. His youngest son, the Son of the Sea, Pontos, was standing beside him."You are too impatient, Pontos! You actually held a large faith sacrifice and even turned all the humans in the city into murlocs. Do you know that your actions have violated His Majesty's taboo? "Ghana, the Lord of the Sea, said calmly to Pontos. The Demigod Pontos, who was standing beside him, was a giant made of water, but he kept sweating.