Report
                            
                            "What will be born from a spell composed of Secondary Vitality Rune and Secondary Fire Rune?"As soon as Aise's voice fell, the spell model was activated, and the surrounding magic power was quickly absorbed. The temperature in front of Aise began to rise, and the sound of flames burning could be heard.A small flame was born in front of Aise and fell to the ground.The flame was not extinguished, but it was slightly dim. In Aise's observation, the little flame actually climbed up like a human and "looked" around blankly.The mirror image canceled the other two spell models and observed the magical little flame together with Aise."This is indeed a flame." The mirror image reached out and was burned by the flame. "The body temperature is not very high, and the flame is red."Ace took out a pig iron rod and placed it on the flame. The flame was like a living creature. It shivered and looked around."There is almost no actual change in the pig iron. The temperature of the place burned by the flame is slightly higher. The overall temperature of the flame is not high, but it is predictable. After all, the Secondary Burning Rune is not added.Now, let's experiment its reaction, obedience, and intelligence level. "Aise commanded the flame with the vague telepathy between himself and the flame, constantly telling it to run and jump. The little flame began to run and jump under Aise's telepathic command. Soon, its flame became dimmer, and more than half of its magic power seemed to have been consumed.It began to resist Aise's telepathy. Aise increased his spiritual power, and the flame began to be forced to obey."Jump forward three times, then go straight to the parchment in front of you and burn it."The flame "heard" Aise's telepathic language and jumped forward three times. Then, it was somewhat confused, as it could not understand what a parchment was.After many attempts, Aise found that it was easier to directly command it to move forward and then stop it on the parchment."Low intelligence and low understanding. Generally speaking, more telepathy is needed to control its actions. Telepathy that endangers its safety and too much telepathy will cause its instinctive resistance, which can only be resolved by strengthening my spiritual power."Aise recorded the telepathy between himself and the flame in his magic book. He suddenly recalled the scene when he was affected by the whispers and quickly wrote a line of words."My telepathy influence on the flame, from the flame's perspective, is it also a whisper of an unknown existence, and this whisper is more powerful and direct than the abyss' influence on me?Can I make a hypothesis that when a high-level existence has a close magical connection with a low-level life, the high-level existence can intentionally or unintentionally produce a similar effect to the whispers, thereby achieving the high-level existence's influence and even control over the low-level life? "

Aise immediately put his idea into practice. He began to consciously think about how to attack and how to kill. He did not specifically use his spiritual power to influence, but his vague telepathy with the flame allowed his thoughts to be fragmented and received by the flame.After receiving Aise's influence, the flame seemed to become a little impatient. Its flame became dimmer and dimmer, as if it was hesitating. Finally, it rushed to the mushroom field, as if it wanted to use its flame to burn the mushrooms.A large amount of water vapor in the mushroom evaporated, which made the flame even dimmer. The flame madly attacked the mushrooms, and finally, with a puff, it was completely extinguished.Aise observed the flame's death and recorded its short life while writing down his own thoughts in his magic book."First of all, I can confirm that this spell model composed of secondary activation runes, overall unknown runes, and fire elemental runes can create an elemental lifeform similar to life.This kind of elemental lifeform has instinctive reactions and even simple thinking. It has not been discovered that it has intelligence.Secondly, as its creator, I naturally have a strange telepathic connection with it. This connection is a huge discovery. We can use this connection to make the following considerations.How far can this telepathic connection be used? This telepathic connection can have an effect similar to the Abyss Whispers. What does this mean? How can we make full use of this telepathic connection, or even transplant this telepathic connection to other areas? "The mirror image also leaned over and said to Aise, "Esteemed master, we have discovered two major discoveries."Honorable main body, we have made two major discoveries so far. The first is that the Spell Model formed by the Activation Runes can activate plants or dead objects. The range of application and imagination is extremely broad. The second is that this kind of vague telepathy seems to be a kind of rule, perhaps a rule of the world. If we can explore its mysteries, we might be able to solve the problem of the main body and the clone being in the same frequency!"Aise finished recording and nodded to the mirror image. "Indeed. The second discovery is not something that can be thoroughly studied in a short time. Let's first figure out the basic application of the first discovery, and then experiment with the other two new runes and determine the situation of the overall unknown runes."Aise and the mirror image looked at each other and began to think together. Since the fire element could create elemental lifeforms, could it create other elemental lifeforms, or activate other inanimate objects and plants?

Was it possible to add a few more runes into it to explore more applications?Aise and the others thought for a while and decided to experiment with an idea first."On the basis of the rune structure composed of the nine runes just now, let's add a few more runes and see the effects in turn."Aise waved his hand casually, and along with the drawing of his power of the will, nine secondary runes appeared in front of him."First, duplicate three times." With Aise's power of the will, 27 secondary runes appeared. There were a total of 36 secondary runes, nine in a group, and a total of four groups of rune rings."Then, the secondary light rune, the secondary heat rune, the secondary explosion rune, and the secondary active thought rune." Aise said while pointing his finger, and the secondary runes appeared one by one.Four different secondary runes flew to a group of rune rings, and along with Aise's control, they formed four different secondary spell structures.In the vision of the spiritual perception, the four spell models sparkled like shy girls waiting for a miracle. As Aise's power of the will slowly poured in, the four spell models were activated and quickly absorbed the surrounding mana, driving a mysterious mana rhythm.Aise and the mirror image observed the mana rhythm. There seemed to be an invisible rhythm that flashed and disappeared, and it made Aise and the spell model have a certain kind of connection.Aise and the mirror image knew each other, and the mirror image carefully observed the main body. It was this kind of rhythm that flashed and disappeared!At this time, the four spells were completed. Splat!Four different little flames fell to the ground, and a vague telepathic connection appeared.