Report
                            
                            At noon, on the first floor of the west tower of the magic school.Borg respectfully said to Aise in the west tower, "We have successfully obtained the permission of Tsmali's fleet. In the future, we can disguise ourselves as Tsmali's fleet and go to the northern states to trade."Dana also looked at Aise with bright eyes and said:"We have a basic understanding of Tsmali's situation. The Mermaids and Half-Mermaids have established a new City-state called Pontos City-state. The Son of the Sea is their patron saint. Any human believer who believes in the Son of the Sea will be blessed and turned into a Half-Mermaid.This is a City-state. Although it doesn't exclude humans now, the whole City-state is fanatically proud of being a Mermaid. "Aise nodded and said: "In the future, we will use the name of Tsmali and Medemus to go to the northern states to buy people, livestock, seeds, herbs and other needed commodities. The change in Tsmali is not a bad thing for us. The more complicated the situation is, the more room we have for survival."Dana nodded slightly and continued to say to Aise: "This small incident when we entered the port has given me some ideas. Mr. Aise, our port is in the range of the north-south route, so there is a certain risk of exposure. But now we are still too weak. Exposure will only do us harm.I propose to research a kind of building concealment magic to cover the entire port with magic. "Aise's eyes lit up and said to Dana: "Your idea is good. I will include it in the research plan."A year later, in the fountain square of the Luminous City, a bronze statue was set up a few days ago. It was a male statue about six meters tall, with a strong body and a determined expression. The body was engraved with rune arrays, and sparks were flashing from time to time.There were a few lines of words under the base of the statue: "Sharp, died in the first year of the magic calendar.""In the critical moment, with thousands of magic glycerine tubes, he rushed into the mouth of the Demonic Tide Behemoth and detonated thousands of magic glycerine tubes from the inside, ending the biggest crisis of the night of the Waning Moon and saving the territory of the Wizard Tower."Pedestrians passed by the statue one after another, bowing deeply to the statue and offering a few bouquets of flowers.At this moment, Apprentice Wizard Eddie brought a group of kids to the fountain square. He skillfully cast the Secondary Loudness spell and said to the kids, "This is our hero, the hero of mortals, the great warrior, Advanced Apprentice Wizard Sharp!""The final battle of the demonic wave was the night of the waning moon. According to legend, a demonic wave would occur once every fifty years or so. Every time, it would cause chaos in the Lal Mountain Range. After each demonic wave, the number of monsters, humans, and ordinary creatures in the Lal Mountain Range would greatly decrease, especially the humans, who were almost extinct.

But this time, not only did most of us survive, our lives were getting better and better. Everyone would be able to eat their fill, dress in a variety of clothes, and learn. In the future, they would even be able to learn magic!All of this is thanks to Lord Aise, the Firebringer who led the adepts to establish the Tower Domain, and true heroes like Lord Sharp who sacrificed themselves for the Tower Domain! "The general education school had been established for almost a year. Because of Aise's reward policy, many apprentices chose to work as part-time teachers in the school. While teaching ordinary kids, they could also show the charm of magic up close.In this way, the distance between ordinary people and magic could be shortened, and the children's yearning for magic would be stimulated.The afternoon teaching time soon passed. Eddie returned to the magic school castle and had lunch in the hall.He had just entered the third grade of the magic school. As a relatively ordinary wizard apprentice, Eddie did not jump all the way to the fifth grade like Dana, Bayern, Betty, and the others."I heard that the fifth grade students have already started to learn 'magic tricks'. I'm so jealous!""Also, there's that thick Encyclopedia of Secondary Magic Spells. They don't even need to construct spell models. All they need to do is to move their mouths and their minds. It's a blessing for countless apprentices.""Not only that, they've also started to learn how to make magic potions. I heard that Betty made a magic potion that can greatly increase one's spiritual power after drinking it!""The key material for that kind of magic potion is too difficult to find. I heard that Betty found it by chance after a near-death experience in the Lar Mountain Range."Eddie curled his lips and took out two parchment scrolls, on which were written 'Secondary Tamed Magic Contract' and 'Elementary Intelligence Research' respectively.Tamed Magic Contract and Biological Intelligence Research were the two courses only available in the third grade. They were also the two courses that Eddie looked forward to the most."Instead of admiring the fifth grade courses and other people's adventures, I'd rather grasp the knowledge I have now. Although Anzesta's Gale Horse is very cool, I'll definitely contract a tamed magic contract with cooler and more potential. "Eddie thought to himself as he chewed on the white bread."Tamed Magic Contract is a subdivision of contract magic, and it's a very important subdivision. Apprentices can make all kinds of contracts with some extraordinary creatures through tamed magic contracts.

Not only can you make a master-servant contract, but you can also further study contract magic in the future and create new types of contracts, such as sharing the life of the tamed magic, sharing the magic power of the tamed magic, and the tamed magic will bear the damage of the master unilaterally.Everything mentioned above has some preliminary research results, and some have not yet been realized.But as long as you keep your enthusiasm for research and use an objective and neutral way of thinking to guide your research, one day someone will create the spells mentioned above, and even more powerful spells. "Eddie looked at the preface on the scroll, and he was so excited that his face was flushed. In a trance, he seemed to see himself commanding an army of thousands of monsters and easily defeating the heroes of God's descendants.He lowered his head and continued to read 'Secondary Tamed Magic Contract', concentrating on it."Tamed Magic Contract is based on a master-servant contract or a mutual-assistance contract, but it's different from a master-servant contract and a mutual-assistance contract.We will treat the tamed magic contract as our own arms, because during the contract process, we will separate half of our own spirit power and the spirit power of the tamed magic contract to form a double helix structure, which is supplemented by the corresponding rune structure to form a stable secondary tamed magic mark.This mark will form a unique telepathic link between the tamed magic contract and us, and both sides can communicate with each other freely through the mark.In a sense, the tamed magic contract is like an avatar of you, and it can do a lot of things for you under your telepathic link.With this close connection, you will have a great resistance to spiritual influence such as the Abyss Whisper, and you can even let the tamed magic bear some deadly and mysterious extraordinary attacks for you.But, it's not without a price. "When Eddie saw this, his face suddenly turned pale and he sucked in a breath of cold air. It was written in the book."This kind of secondary tamed magic mark can only be formed at the beginner and intermediate apprentice level. If the second tamed magic mark is forcibly formed, the contract will fail, and in the worst case, the person will become crazy or even die."
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login