Report
                            
                            Three months later, the basic construction of the Luminous City had been completed. Thick city walls, orderly buildings of different heights, and wide stone paved roads crisscrossed the city. A stone paved road led from the north gate, connecting the Luminous City with the northern mining area. This was a miracle city that was quickly created by the great productivity of magic.Some apprentices, probationary citizens, and freedmen had already begun to call Aise the founder of the city. They began to look forward to the rise of a new City-state in a hundred years, a City-state that belonged to wizards!In the west of Luminous City, the magic castle was surrounded by dense magic.The entire Magic Castle had been covered with Reinforcement Rune Matrices, Focus Rune Matrices, and Mana Gathering Rune Matrices that Ace had created based on the Reinforcement Rune Matrices. This made the entire Magic Castle extremely sturdy and formed an environment with high Mana density.According to Aise's research, the higher the concentration of magic in the environment, the more beneficial it was for wizards to meditate. Therefore, he simply turned the whole castle into an environment with a high concentration of magic.In addition, the focus rune would constantly calm the apprentices' emotions, allowing them to stay in a state of concentration for a long time. This was more beneficial for improving their meditation, learning, research efficiency, and quality of rest.On the outer walls of the magic castle, there were many suggestion runes that were used to expel mortals. Every mortal who came here would unconsciously leave the vicinity of the castle under the suggestion.Because the castle was a castle within a city, Ace didn't set up any defensive runic matrices in the castle except for the functional runic matrices in each room. These runic matrices could be added later, so there was no need to rush.There were three underground floors of the castle. They were the Magic Absorption Ritual Floor, the Magic Stone Conversion Floor, and the Magic Stone Storage Floor.At the bottom of the basement, there was a huge Magic Absorption Conversion Magic Circle (Soul Rune Level). Hundreds of pipes led to an underground magma pool to absorb the active fire element magic.After the fire element magic was absorbed to the third underground floor of the City-state, it would be converted into non-elemental ordinary magic through the reverse conversion magic circle. Then, it would be transported to the second underground floor through the dense magic patterns.At the center of the second underground floor, there was a huge Magic Stone Conversion Magic Circle (Soul Rune Level). This magic circle would automatically convert the magic from the third underground floor into ordinary magic stones.Around the giant magic stone conversion magic circle, there were hundreds of smaller magic stone conversion magic circles. Apprentice Adepts could use the conversion magic circle to make magic stones after paying 10% of the conversion.Using the Lesser Magic Stones, Aise would be able to create magic items that used the Lesser Magic Stones as their energy source after learning the enchantment course in the future. This was also the magic currency system that Aise planned for the future.

The first underground floor was the Magic Stone Storage Room and the Mana Supply Room. The normal Magic Stones produced on the second underground floor were stored there. Through the dense Mana Supply Lines, the Mana was supplied to every runic array in the castle.Magic Castle, Aise's tower.Aise was in the experimental floor of the tower. His research on the magical stomach was nearing completion. Ever since the awakening of the book spirit, its abilities had greatly improved. It had given him a lot of help, and it had helped him decipher the unique runes in the magical stomach within two weeks.However, the difficulty of spatial magic research was far beyond Aise's imagination. Even with the help of the book spirit, it still took him three months to complete the research.The Space Expansion Rune Group, the Object Reduction Rune Group, and the Mass Reduction Rune Group were all very unique and complex rune groups. The research on their meanings almost cost Aise his life.The unstable spatial structure almost swallowed him in an instant. In the end, he managed to decipher two application directions. Space Expansion and Unstable Collapse.The Space Expansion Rune Group seemed to be a very advanced rune form. He couldn't copy it into his Secret Chamber of Soul. Aise speculated that he might need to improve his life essence and become an official wizard before he could copy it into his Secret Chamber of Soul.Since he couldn't copy it into his Secret Chamber of Soul, Aise focused his research on runic arrays. After three months of research, he used part of the Space Expansion Rune Group's runes to successfully develop the Traceless Extension Rune Group and the Space Collapse Rune Group.The Traceless Extension Rune Group could extend to about one cubic meter of space. Once the Rune Group lost its supply of magic energy, the space it extended would slowly disappear.The Space Collapse Rune Group was a reverse application. It could create an unstable, extended spatial structure about the size of a palm. There was a chance that it would rapidly collapse within three seconds. Once it collapsed, it would annihilate everything within its range and severely injure the soul.Currently, he couldn't make a stable collapse. If it didn't collapse within three seconds, the effect would be greatly reduced.This was a very imaginative and destructive research direction. As long as he could solve the problem of the collapse probability, it could be turned into a powerful spell.The nature of the Object Reduction Rune Group had been determined. However, Aise was limited by time, so he couldn't fully decipher its meaning. Therefore, he hadn't developed a specific application spell or Rune Group.

The Reducing Rune Group had been combined with Transfiguration by Ace. Originally, Transfiguration's mass couldn't be equally increased or decreased after the transformation, leading to the transformation being limited to a certain range, neither too small nor too large. The discovery of the Reducing Rune Group greatly expanded the lower limit of this transformation.Aise believed that when he became an official wizard, he might be able to reverse-deduce the Reducing Rune Group and develop the Enhancing Rune Group. From there, he could expand the upper limit of the Transformation spell. Perhaps in the future, he would be able to develop a wizard school that mainly relied on Transformation.Aise and the mirror image checked the effect of the Traceless Extension Rune Group again."It's confirmed that this version of the Traceless Extension Rune Group is the most stable. Even if it loses the supply of magic energy, it can still maintain the stability of the space for about three hours. After that, the space will slowly disappear. It will take about a day for the space to completely disappear. I think it's already practical! "The mirror image operated the Traceless Extension Rune Group expressionlessly. He nodded slightly and said, "Indeed, we can engrave it in the necessary places of the castle."Aise and the mirror image worked together and engraved the Traceless Extension Rune Group on the actual combat training ground, the magic plant plantation, the south hall of the castle, and the west side of the castle where the monsters were imprisoned and bred.At night, the main gate of the south side of the castle slowly opened by itself. The wizard apprentices brought their relatives and friends into the castle. The construction of the entire Luminous City had basically been completed. Today was the time to celebrate.They walked through the gate and were surprised to find that the hall was a completely different world. The space was far more spacious than when they were building the castle. The transparent dome showed the starry night sky, and the walls were painted with oil paintings. These paintings were the scenes that the apprentices had experienced when they left the north for the valley.There were hundreds of tables in the hall. After everyone sat down, hundreds of controllable light balls emerged from the hundreds of controllable light balls engraved on the transparent dome. They were like a bright galaxy, shining on everyone.Aise used advanced magic tricks to distribute the food that he had prepared beforehand to every table. The ready-made atmosphere gradually warmed up.Leon looked at all this excitedly and whispered to Betty."This is the age of magic. This is our age. Lord Aise has applied extraordinary power to all aspects of our production and life. Follow his footsteps and we will definitely witness a bright future!"