Report
                            
                            Aise's body of consciousness in the dreamy crystal ball felt an incomparable sense of joy. It was beyond anything he had experienced in his two short lives.This was a leap in the nature of his soul. Once he crossed the threshold, his life would be on a different level. Mana was gathering to nourish him, and the flow of information was washing him repeatedly, causing his soul to transform bit by bit.If someone were to observe with a mana sensing spell, they would find that Aise's soul was shining with a faint red light, slowly replacing the white light.Aise's soul felt that it was becoming stronger bit by bit. His spiritual scale was constantly rising. 11 scale, 12 scale … Finally, his spiritual power stopped at 21 scale, and his entire soul was dyed red.Ace could clearly feel the joy in the subconscious sea of the Adept. It was as if the Adept was welcoming him and welcoming him."Welcoming me?"Aise's body of consciousness suddenly trembled. He seemed to have realized something terrifying. He tried his best to control himself and resist the pull of the sea of consciousness. He tried to think about this strange feeling."Why are you welcoming me? Why are you welcoming me? After leveling up, I should return to my body."If someone were to observe with their spiritual sense, they would find that Aise's body of consciousness was gradually leaving the dreamy crystal ball and turning into a faint red light.At the same time, Aise's body was getting weaker and weaker. The chains of laws that connected his body and soul were getting weaker and weaker. The sea of consciousness hidden in the sea of reality was trying its best to tempt Aise's soul into a faint red light."Become one with me, Firebringer, and we will become stronger."The voice that sounded like a chorus was transmitted into Aise's soul, tempting and guiding him.Ace had a premonition that if he obeyed, he might become even stronger, and the embryonic form of his subconscious sea would become more complete.However, this was not what he wanted. He wanted to pursue the path of truth and collect the flowers on the path of truth to make himself stronger.The faint red light gradually turned into a human form, revealing Aise's form. He said firmly, "I'm sorry, I refuse!"The sea of consciousness seemed to be very disappointed after being rejected. It was born prematurely and was not perfect. If there was a more powerful wizard soul that could fuse with it, it would make up for its shortcomings.Aise's soul had already noticed the drastic changes in his body. He wanted to immediately return to his body through the chains of law, but he was dragged back by the binding force in his subconscious.

Aise controlled his emotions and tried his best to communicate with the sea of consciousness calmly. He activated the authority left in the sea of consciousness and understood the predicament and expectations of the sea of consciousness.Aise, as the founder of the Sorcerer's Path, was the best candidate for the Sea of Consciousness.The light red Aise could not control the sea of consciousness. That was not the path he wanted, and he did not want to be the substitute or puppet of the wizards' consciousness.However, he didn't want to give up the control of the sea of consciousness. This was a mysterious existence that could subtly influence the wizard community. He had to replace it with something else.Aise looked at his doppelgänger in the dream crystal and expelled the other wizard apprentices' consciousness from the crystal. He then called out his doppelgänger in the dream and gave it a part of his faint red light.After the separation, Aise's power of the Will quickly declined to 11 points. It stabilized again, and the faint red light became dim. It barely maintained the level of a hero's soul.The sea of consciousness pulled the faint red doppelgänger in. The doppelgänger entered the sea of consciousness and turned into a giant statue holding a torch, controlling the operation of the sea of consciousness.In just a moment, the doppelgänger in the dream understood something through the sea of consciousness. It mixed the information in a gift of the sea of consciousness and gave it to Aise.Afterward, the sea of consciousness slowly disappeared.Wizards also had talents. This talent was the affinity and adaptation of mana. If you wanted to go far on the path of becoming a wizard, your affinity and adaptation of mana must be at least above the standard.If you were above the standard, you could rely on your talent to achieve overtaking. If you were talented and talented at the same time, it would be almost impossible for anyone to surpass you.For someone like Betty, who was born with talent and talent, there were almost no bottlenecks on the path of magic.Of course, talent could be changed.Aise's talent was only average. However, when he wrote the article "Spellcaster: A systematic study of the Corrosive Jackal", he had a connection with the Source of the World and received the gift of the Source of the World. This greatly improved his affinity and adaptation of mana.This was one of the reasons why he went from beginner apprentice to intermediate apprentice, and from intermediate apprentice to advanced apprentice so quickly.Now that the doppelgänger in the sea of consciousness had also given him a gift through the control of the sea of consciousness, his talent and aptitude had almost reached the peak.The faint red soul of Aise followed the spirit chain and returned to his body. He opened his eyes.

This kind of discomfort made his body extremely weak. It was as if he had a serious illness. Aise, who had been strong ever since he became a wizard, was very uncomfortable.The level of his soul had increased, and this kind of discomfort intensified. His body and soul could no longer coordinate!His soul had evolved and reached the level of a hero, but his body was still at the same level. In order to achieve the evolution of his soul, his body had become even weaker."I have to find a way to improve my body."Aise murmured. Looking at the wizard apprentices in the hall, Aise struggled to arrange things and staggered back to the west tower.Intermediate apprentice Eddie felt exhausted. Master Aise did not announce whether the promotion was successful or not, and no one dared to ask. With doubts in his mind, he quietly finished his dinner, jumped on his flying carpet, and returned home.He calmed himself down and reminded himself to maintain the state of lucid dreaming. He pressed his hand on the spirit imprint on the magic book and entered his own dream space.He tried to enter the public dream space through the sun, but he found that he could not enter the public dream space, so he had to give up."Forget it. I'm too tired today. I'll sleep first."At the same time, in the west tower of the magic castle, Aise was checking the state of his body and soul."My body seems to be in a state of extreme hunger, and I don't know how much of my lifespan I've lost. I've used the youth potion and youth recovery spell of an advanced apprentice to make up for the loss, but why is it still slowly weakening?"Aise frowned and thought. He had used the youth potion made from powerful low-ranked demon materials several times, and he had eaten a lot of food. His body did temporarily recover, but then he fell into a state of weakness."Maybe I have to try that method!"
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login