Report
                            
                            Suddenly, Anzesta felt a chill behind his back. Relying on the strength of his waist and heartforce, he twisted 180 degrees in midair.A shadow shot toward Anzesta from behind like an arrow, but he managed to dodge it by a hair's breadth. Hovering in midair, Anzesta's handsome face sizzled with a wound.The shadow arrow seemed to be highly corrosive and poisonous. The power of the abyss' shadows wreaked havoc in the wound, making him feel numb and nauseous.Anzesta forced himself to focus, focusing his heartforce on the wound. He was actually able to block the corrosion of the abyss' shadows with pure heartforce.At this moment, the Gray Believers raised their hands. A shadow arrow appeared above each of their heads, aiming at Anzesta who was in midair and had nowhere to borrow strength."I'm dead for sure!" This thought floated through his mind, reminding him of the knights' final charge that night.If I had died then, perhaps it would have been better. My brothers, let us meet again on the other side of the River Styx.Just as Anzesta was thinking, a fiery yellow figure descended from the sky. Bang!The yellow figure landed right between Anzesta and the shadow arrow. He raised his hands and shouted.Boom!A huge fiery yellow shield wall appeared, blocking all the shadow arrows.The yellow figure turned to Anzesta and said with a big smile, "Uncle Melancholy, there are so many enemies worth fighting. I can't let you enjoy all of them alone!""Arnaud!"Anzesta was shocked. He believed that Arnaud's talent and simple spirit would allow him to comprehend heartforce one day. However, he hadn't expected Arnaud to have already comprehended heartforce and used it so skillfully.At this moment, he felt a deep sense of loss. Was this the difference between an ordinary person and a genius?Going back in time, Arnaud was running toward the orphanage. Arnaud had long ago achieved spiritual overclocking through the training of Mind Flow. In a sense, Arnaud was indeed a genius when it came to knight training.Although he was a poor student, he had finally memorized the Extreme Simple Meditation Technique. With the help of the Extreme Simple Meditation Technique, he had been able to unleash the accumulation of a year's worth of Flow of Will in just a few days, completing the initial demonization and producing inherent magic power.He walked back the way he came. Even though he did not understand the philosophy that Mister Melancholic was talking about, he had his own intuition.His intuition told him that going back and fighting side by side with his companions was the true path of a knight!

"I'm a person with the qualities of a true hero. I feel that only by going to the orphanage can I become a true knight. Father, you will also agree, right? "Arnaud mumbled to himself. The scene of his father raising his hunting knife and charging at the Gray Believers appeared before his eyes. He remembered being caught by the Gray Believers and his father being killed and hung on a tree branch to dry."My father is a true hero! I will also become a true hero and inherit your courage. "Arnaud walked with determination. His courage and willpower naturally flowed out. As he walked in the opposite direction, it merged with the inherent magic power in his body bit by bit. On this quiet road, the magic power seemed to be jubilant and excited.It seemed to be excited for a knight who had understood himself. They rushed to merge with Arnaud's body and strengthen him. The inherent magic power was constantly strengthening. Arnaud's powerful heartbeat was particularly eye-catching on the quiet road.Thump!Thump!Thump!A huge amount of magic power flowed into Arnaud's body and turned into his inherent magic power. It merged with his Creed of Courage and turned into Heart Force. Like a wave, it poured into Arnaud's heart.There seemed to be the roar of waves, celebrating and shouting. They were celebrating the birth of a new knight, the Knight of Courage, Arnaud the Defiant.Arnaud had understood his own path as a knight. His whole person had undergone earth-shattering changes.On the way back to the poorhouse, he was determined. He had actually reached the peak level of an intermediate Wizard Apprentice in an instant from the level of an intermediate Wizard Apprentice.If one were to compare him to a Descendant of God, at this moment, he was infinitely close to the lowest level of a Demi-Hero.After that, Arnaud accurately jumped from a high place and landed between Anzesta and the Gray Believers. Arnaud's Heart Force was burning, strengthening his whole body, of course, including his eyes.The huge fiery yellow wall consumed most of Arnaud's Heart Force. There was a price to pay for acting cool.Arnaud felt the consumption of his Heart Force, so he simply increased his strength. The Heart Force Shield changed shape under his will and turned into a fiery halo, sweeping across the dozen or so Gray Believers.After Anzesta landed, he did not change his direction and directly attacked the Gray Believer behind him. A blue wave swept across, and the Gray Believer screamed as his right arm fell off.As an old knight, Anzesta was very stingy with his own strength, or rather, he did not have Arnaud's Heart Force that surpassed ordinary people. He calculated every bit of his strength very clearly.

Borrowing the power of the sword to use the Heart Force, minimizing the consumption and maximizing the benefits. This was his style.Another blue arc swept across, and the Gray Believer with the severed arm had just sunk halfway into the shadow when Anzesta cut off the other half that had not sunk in.Clap! Clap! Clap!"What an interesting performance. I didn't expect to meet such a strange existence other than a Descendant of God."In the darkness, a figure emerged from the dark ground. He had a tall hood, a gray robe, and a gray mottled badge on his chest. On his face was a face of pain that changed shape."Under the Gray Light, Priest of Pain Ambrio greets you. Strange existences, why can you obtain extraordinary power without God's Blood and without faith?"Ambrio's pointed hood suddenly tilted 90 degrees to the left, and his whole body twisted greatly, making a loud noise.Arnaud and Anzesta did not speak. They walked together in tacit understanding and waved their hands to signal the children of the orphanage who were almost scared silly to move back."You don't want to speak? Others are asking you politely, but you keep silent. Don't you think it's rude? Sinners, please accept the judgment of the Gray Light! "Ambrio's body twisted like a snake. In Anzesta and Arnaud's vision, several dark figures in pain appeared behind him.Dozens of dark figures quickly jumped out from Ambrio's dark back, carrying pain and curses as they rushed towards Arnaud and Anzesta.The two of them dodged and parried in a sorry state. Every dark figure was actually slightly weaker than them, and for a moment, the two of them fell into a bitter battle."Why don't you run? At this time, isn't running, retreating, and regrouping the best choice? Why don't you run? Why do you have to suffer here? Could it be that you also believe in pain? "The Mask of Pain in front of Ambrio kept twisting, his face was sinister and happy as he laughed wildly.