Report
                            
                            At the same time, more than a dozen barbarian leaders were gathered together."Ever since the Great Shaman united us, everything has changed.""They are called wizards now. Didn't you hear what the southerners said?""We have to work hard every day, and we have to be ordered around by the southerners.""After work, we have to learn the common language that gives us headaches!""I miss the days when we were basking in the sun all day.""Should we …" A leader had just made a fierce expression when his back suddenly became hot, and a rune structure appeared. His expression immediately became calm, and he continued, "We still have to believe in the Great Shaman. He won't forget us."In a place where they did not notice, Leon and his daughter Betty were quietly lying in ambush not far away. Through the secondary spell Whisper, they clearly heard their discussion.Betty's golden twin ponytails were raised, and her eyes were fierce. She said to Leon, "Father, why don't we make the first move?"Leon's expression darkened. After thinking for a while, he whispered to Betty, "Don't be reckless."Don't be rash. Invite a few familiar apprentices to monitor this place. I'll report this to the Fire Relayer. They are just complaining now, but they haven't done anything substantial. We can't arrest them directly. Also, they have a high status among the barbarians. We need them to manage the barbarians well. "Betty listened to Leon's words and contacted a few apprentices through the magic book. Leon tidied up his clothes and quietly walked to Aise's residence.Under the moonlight, Leon's face was a little pale. As he walked, he muttered to himself with a heavy heart, "We don't have enough people.Maybe Lord Aise's plan to cut wood, build ships, plunder, and buy people should be carried out in advance. "In Aise's residence, after listening to Leon's report, Aise's eyes flickered under the cold light of the controllable light ball."I also plan to rope in some barbarian leaders into the government office. However, it's not appropriate to let them all enter the government office directly. Many dissatisfied people will enter the management. "Aise thought to himself. He couldn't keep using Charm and Suggestion to control them. Sooner or later, there would be problems. He might as well take advantage of this opportunity to let all the dissatisfied people jump out and catch them all in one fell swoop!"I'll assign some apprentices to you to keep an eye on these barbarian leaders. I'll create a blank space in the near future. We'll wait for the potential rebels to jump out on their own and eliminate the unstable elements. Then, we'll gather the remaining leaders who haven't rebelled into the government office.

If we try to rope them in directly, they'll think we're weak. Let's eliminate those who aren't convinced before we rope them in! "After saying this, Aise's eyes shone with a cold light under the controllable ball of light. Ruling and assimilating the barbarians was not something that could be done simply by using magic. It was more about using an iron fist to eliminate those who refused to obey, intimidate those who were weak, and then show them kindness.Leon's idea of speeding up the introduction of the population from the civilized countries was also imperative. The proportion of population determined the ability of assimilation. Increasing the population of the civilized countries as much as possible would make it easier to assimilate the barbarians.Also, he missed Marina's lettuce soup very much. He didn't know how she and Romon were doing. Without him, did Romon go drinking every day again? Did Marina miss her son every day? If Aise's manor continued to prosper, would people be jealous?After all, he didn't return to the City-state, and he didn't know if his citizenship was recognized. All kinds of thoughts about his parents popped up in his mind. Aise's expression was a little nostalgic and a little guilty.He patted Leon's shoulder and said to Leon with satisfaction,"As for the matter of plundering and buying people, don't worry. We'll make a decision after we harvest this year. You go back first. On the surface, you'll focus on the construction, but in the dark, you'll keep a close watch! "Then, Aise took advantage of the night and removed the "Suggestion" spell on the barbarian leaders. Looking at the barbarian leaders who were sleeping soundly, he sneered.A week later, the open space where the magic school was originally located had been dug out by the apprentices with Secondary Mud to Stone and Secondary Corrosion. Piles of soil were piled up near the pit.Under the command of Sharp, the apprentices were divided into four groups.The first group used Mana Hands and manipulated the Mana Hands to turn the mud into flat bricks. The second group used Mud to Stone to turn the mud bricks into hard stone bricks.The third group used Hand of Magic to lay the stone bricks with gaps in the ground. The fourth group poured the mud directly into the gaps and then cast Mud to Stone.Aise stood at the edge of the pit and looked at the apprentices who were working hard to lay the foundation and build the basement of the future castle with their bare hands. He smiled and said to Bayern, who was next to him."This is magic. What we've mastered is not only extraordinary power but also the key to the truth. We've also mastered a form of advanced productivity. Magic is the primary productivity!"

Bayern was also shocked when he saw the apprentices quickly laying down the foundation of the castle. This gave him a new idea. All this time, he had only regarded the path of magic as the path of transcendence for mortals, close to the path of truth. He had never thought that magic could also be used for production and living!He excitedly said to Ace, "A beginner Apprentice Adept, as long as he masters the right spell, can match the efficiency of dozens of mortals. Moreover, through spells, he can instantly create excellent products that mortals can't make with their skills.Take bricks for example. If mortals were to make them, they would have to use pure soil and burn them in a sealed kiln at high temperature. Because of the lack of sealing, the burning temperature of the charcoal is limited, and the bricks made in the end are not that strong.Pouring mud into the gaps of the bricks and connecting them into a complete block with Secondary Mud to Stone is a miracle that mortals can't achieve at all!But with magic, all production problems can be solved easily! "Bayern bowed to Aise, his black magic robe swaying in the wind."Lord Firebringer! We should mobilize all the apprentices to build the whole town with magic after building the magic school castle! "Aise patted Bayern's shoulder and helped him up. He said to Bayern with excitement, "Your proposal is good."Your suggestion is very good. We, nearly a hundred apprentices, are currently the most advanced production force. We can use social practice points as a reward to mobilize this great production force and build our own magic town!We can not only use magic to build strong buildings, but also use magic to produce a large number of iron tools, build delicate water conservancy facilities, and make strong ships.Even in the future, we can make countless quasi-magic items and magic items, train a large number of apprentices, and create a glorious magic society!The barren and barbarian buildings in front of us will be knocked down and rebuilt under the torrent of magic. We will use the power of magic to achieve leaps and bounds of development. We will build a rich town at a speed that is unimaginable for gods and mortals.Relying on this town, we will be able to produce even more apprentice Adepts. We will be able to use magic to overcome even more technical problems in production and living, allowing this town to quickly develop into a great city. In the near future, we will be able to build our Adept Tower! "