Report
                            
                            Aise was startled by the mirror image's yelling and almost dropped the magic book in his hand. He hurriedly caught the magic book and walked quickly to the mirror image.When he passed by the old gopher's magic crystal weapon, he hit the gopher's head with his fist that was enchanted with a magic crystal.The old gopher saw stars and was a little dizzy. It seemed to be asking where he was, who hit him, and who was he?Aise was in a better mood. He ignored the old gopher and observed the mirror image's casting.The mirror image constructed a simple spell model in the air and activated it randomly. Poof. Magic power pulsed, but there was no substantial effect.Aise looked at the spell model that flashed by the mirror image and muttered, "Secondary Life # 1, Secondary Magic # 4, Secondary Nourishment # 2 …"He suddenly realized something and said, "The supporting runes of elemental runes can be combined with life runes? Life runes replace the role of water runes here? But why isn't there any substantial effect? Or could it be that the meaning of this combination of rune structures has changed completely? "Aise had tried to combine several other elemental runes with supporting runes such as nourishment.Some of the effects were good, such as the combination of pressure runes and wind elemental runes, which could create strong air pressure. Some of the combinations were impossible, such as the combination of fire elemental runes and nourishment runes, which would directly explode.However, since the life runes could be combined with supporting elemental runes, it meant that the life runes were at least partly compatible with the elements. In this way, the future of life runes and life spells would be greatly expanded.Aise was thinking, but his hands didn't slow down. He also tried to construct a simple spell model and then tried to add runes."Maybe I can add Secondary Nourishment # 1." He outlined a secondary rune and embedded it in the rune structure. Then he looked at it and said, "Secondary Nourishment # 1 needs a source of nutrition. From the perspective of spellcasting, it needs spellcasting materials. If I use this raw meat as a spellcasting material …"Aise directly took a piece of raw meat from the old gopher and put it near his spell model.The old hamster had just recovered from its dizziness and was about to eat a piece of meat to comfort itself.Just as it was about to bite down on the raw meat, Aise pulled it away. It bit into the air, and its teeth made a cracking sound. It seemed that one of its teeth had broken.The old gopher was impaled by the magic crystal weapon and could not move. It turned its head to look at Aise and shed tears of shame and pain.

Aise did not take the old gopher's thoughts into consideration.He directly activated the spell model, and the magic power in the environment surged into the spell model. Secondary Nutrient Absorption # 1 was activated, and the raw meat that was very close to the spell model was directly absorbed by the spell model and turned into a pile of dried meat.Aise sensed the state of the spell model. It should work, he thought.Following Aise's command, the target of the spell model was the old gopher. The old gopher, who was recalling the humiliation of its life in tears, was unexpectedly hit by Aise's spell.Under the conversion of Secondary Nutrient Absorption # 2, the raw meat's nutrients turned into a powerful nourishing mist with the smell of meat and surged into the old gopher's mouth.The old gopher was in the middle of wailing when Aise stuffed a mouthful of the nourishing mist with the smell of meat into its mouth. It smacked its mouth. It seemed to taste a little strange, but it felt good.The old gopher, who had been nourished by the mist, had visible changes in its body. Its damaged life seemed to be slightly restored and it became a little younger.Aise's pupils constricted, and his eyes were filled with desire.Although his original purpose was to explore how to quickly build a wooden sailboat with magic, this surprise seemed to be too great. He was not sure if it could prolong life, but this spell seemed to be able to repair the damage of life.At this moment, he missed the high-powered microscopes in his previous life very much. It would be great if he could observe the changes in the cells, mitochondria, and chromosomes of the gopher under a microscope.That is, if there were such things in this world.Aise solemnly said to the mirror image."There is a need to conduct experiments on humans and test the effectiveness of this spell on humans!"In order to compare the experiments, Aise and the mirror image found a few old convict slaves and placed them on the side. Then, they began to use spells to extract nutrients.Aise was preparing to create a special nutrient as a casting material.According to the principle that the casting material of a secondary spell was usually a magical creature of the same level, Aise cut open the stomachs of a few young gopher and used their fresh hearts as one of the sources of nutrients.Then, he used a Brilliant Light spell to shatter the young gopher's spiritual body, turning it into silver soul powder. After a corresponding filtration process, he obtained a pure secondary soul powder, which he wrapped in the treated magical creature's fur.

Through the Pure Nutrient Absorption spell model, the nutrients of the heart were extracted and turned into a viscous red liquid, which was put into a clay pot.Aise already knew that the Water Elemental Nourishment spell, which used the pure secondary soul powder as a casting material, had the effect of nourishing the soul and strengthening the mental strength.So, he mixed the pure silver secondary soul powder with the viscous red liquid in a 5: 5 ratio, and then cast the spell on the old slave. With the effect of the spell, the old convict slave, who was already dim-sighted, actually became younger.According to Aise's observation and the slave's own account, he was about 65 years old. The long-term labor had caused him to rapidly age and was already on the verge of death.After the spell was cast, the old slave felt that his mental and physical strength had improved a lot.In Aise's Mana Sensitive Vision, the slave's body was shrouded in a grayish black color. After the spell was cast, the black color on the slave's body faded a little, and the gray color increased.Aise cast the spell many times, and finally, after the slave looked about ten years younger, the spell lost its effect.After many tests on people and monsters, Aise finally came to the conclusion that the spellcasting material ratio and the spell's effectiveness were suitable.The soul powder and the viscous red liquid had a 4: 6 ratio. Aise called this spellcasting material the original Secondary Youth Potion, and the formula was called the original Secondary Youth Potion Formula.This formula was only the most original version, just like the spell model was the original version. There was a lot of room for improvement and upgrading.In the future, he could improve the potion and spell model, and he could also upgrade the level of the spell by reverse-engineering the soul runes to achieve greater effectiveness.Aise named this spell, which was composed of life runes, nourishment runes, and nutrition runes as the core, Secondary Youth Potion Formula.At present, the effectiveness of this spell was decreasing. The first time it was used, it could make the caster about five years younger, and the second time it could only make the caster two or three years younger. The effectiveness would decrease gradually, and when the caster was about ten to twelve years younger, this spell would completely lose its effectiveness.Aise recorded this information in his magic book. This was his foundation, and it was also the foundation of the wizard community. In the future, if he could let more wizard apprentices participate in this research, he would definitely achieve great results!Just as Aise was thinking, the mirror image made a new move. The mirror image used a strange spell to manipulate a piece of wood. Under the spell, the wood slowly wriggled and changed shape, turning into a wooden plank.

It bounced and bumped into the other planks. Clack! The two planks seemed to have failed to join together, and it fell and staggered."What went wrong? In theory, as long as the wood is activated by a spell and given the ability to multiply, it can multiply and grow by itself. It should be able to be grafted and die together."The mirror image scratched its head and said in confusion.