Report
                            
                            Dana looked at the solemn mirror image of Aise and stared at him for a while. Suddenly, she smiled gently and knelt down on one knee. She said loudly, "Respected Fire Relayer, your apprentice obeys your orders!"Borina's mouth opened into an 'O' shape, and her bright eyes rolled around.The apprentices hiding in the cave heard Dana's voice and walked out one by one. They saw their respected big sister Dana kneeling down to a man.Dana heard everyone's footsteps. She turned her head and shouted, "All apprentices, kneel down to the respected Fire Relayer!"Hearing the words of Iron Mask Dana, the apprentices who were doubtful did not hesitate and knelt down on the ground.Mirror image of Aise smiled as he looked at all of this. He did not expect Dana to be so authoritative among these apprentices. It was a bit like a kitten showing off to its owner.He gently walked forward and activated the "Advanced Magic Trick" silent spell, which was similar to a "hint" effect."Apprentices, I am the Fire Relayer Aise, your contractor."All the apprentices, including Dana, gradually calmed down after hearing Aise's words. They recalled the joy when they were chosen and the joy when they stepped onto the path of magic. Suddenly, they were full of gratitude and respect for Aise."Respected Fire Relayer, you are the only light in the dark night. It is you who illuminated our path forward. I, Sulu, am willing to serve you for life!"As Sulu took the lead to crawl toward Aise, the other apprentices also expressed their gratitude and respect one after another, although they were not as shameless as Sulu.Aise once again activated the "Advanced Magic Trick" and chanted the same spell as last time. "Illusion – Charm – Will – Loyalty Check!"There were less than thirty apprentices, and surprisingly, not a single one was a traitor. Even Sulu was not a traitor!But thinking about it, if there was really a traitor, they would not need to fight guerrilla warfare and would be directly strangled by the legion.After that, Ace woke everyone up and asked Dana about the specific situation of the legion's hunting team. There were about three hundred people in total, and they were accompanied by six humanoid heroes. They were hunting down the enchantment wizard apprentices."They have been chasing us for several months. Some time ago, I ambushed some of them. Now they are very cautious."Dana said to Aise."They must have noticed the great changes in the north. I will go check the movements of these three groups and guide another group of apprentices to safely meet you. As for the legion's pursuers, if they don't follow us like jackals, then it will be their death. "

The ahoge on mirror image Ace's head swayed. He had already received the message that his original body had set up a trap on Mount Bar.On the other side, after the original Aise set up the trap, he did not stop and continued to go deep into the Lal Mountains. He would enter the mountains first and find a suitable place to build a wizard academy.Several mountain valleys in the Lal Mountains and the eastern coastal valleys were not affected by the central wind, and the climate was relatively more livable. As long as he conquered the barbarian tribes there, there would be no obstacles.Mirror image of Aise transformed into an eagle, skyrocketed, and wandered in the sky.He activated the soul spell "Advanced Magic Tricks" and used the eagle's beak to make a strange tone in the sky. Accompanied by a unique magic rhythm, the whole eagle flew with it."Organ Strengthening: Sharp Eyes!"With the spell, magic gathered in his eagle eyes, strengthening and transforming his eyes, so that he could see farther and clearer. Aise felt that the effect was about three to four times.His transformation spell was a transformation without casting materials, so the duration and effect of the transformation were limited. If he could get a strong low-level eagle as a casting material, the transformation effect would be greatly enhanced.In the future, he could even use the transformation spell as a foundation and supplement it with magic materials to develop a new branch of magic. This was also one of the future research directions of the wizard academy.The eagle in the sky wandered, overlooking the Demon Hunter Wilderness. The Demon Hunter Wilderness that was once ravaged by low-level monsters was now covered with mottled black shadows. The shadows were constantly expanding, turning more than half of the Demon Hunter Wilderness into an abyss.The hill where the Northern Fortress used to be was no longer visible. The huge abyss nest emitted a strong smell of corrosion and sulfur, giving off a strange and ominous feeling.If one looked at it for a long time, they would feel dizzy, nauseous, irritable, and even have an impulse to destroy themselves.Mirror image of Aise suddenly thought of a similar saying in this world and his previous world. "When you stare at the abyss, the abyss stares back at you!"This invisible transformation made people shudder. If one stayed in this environment for a long time, they would probably be corroded by the abyss and leave behind a shadow.Mirror image of Aise suddenly quivered. His existence was because of the projection ritual.The projection ritual could be developed because of the taboo knowledge of the strange and evil ritual!"If this taboo knowledge was influenced by the abyss, then maybe my original body and I have already been affected by the abyss. For example, my original body suddenly became bloodthirsty and even tyrannical during the blessing ritual experiment!"

Mirror image of Aise felt even more fearful. He kept this speculation in his heart and prepared to think about it when he saw his original body.Now, he looked around and finally found the three teams that were chasing after the apprentices. They were fighting fiercely with a group of imps.Imps were the most basic creatures in the abyss. Even lower were the face worms, which were even weaker than mortals.The upper and lower limits of an imp's strength were very high. The lowest was equivalent to the peak of a mortal, and the highest was equivalent to a powerful hero. Legend had it that the imps had a more detailed division. Each imp with different strength had different characteristics, but humans knew very little about it.These three hundred soldiers should be the last remnants of the Northern Army. They fought with all their might, and several heroes even took the lead. In the end, they lost nearly half of their soldiers and finally defeated the imps.Mirror image of Aise hovered in the sky for a few rounds. After using "Advanced Magic Trick" to cast a magic wave concealment effect on himself, he transformed into a feather in the sky and floated down to the battlefield. He flowed along the pool of blood to the army's troops.The feather image of Aise sank into the pool of blood, turned into a stone, and rolled over."We can't go on like this. We have to survive. Go north," the captain said.He was wearing a helmet with red tassels. He had a long spear in his left hand and a round shield in his right. The power of shadow corroded the wounds on his face, making him look particularly ferocious."Angel Byrne! We have a mission to hunt down devil worshippers! "another man said. He had sky-blue hair and a handsome face.