Report
                            
                            Inside the temple, the white hand of the divine light ball gently pulled, and Athena, wearing a white robe and a purple ribbon, entered the divine light ball. The light ball flickered, expanded, then quickly shrank and entered Athena's body.Athena's sky-blue hair spread out, and she was bathed in holy light. Her clothes were burned in the holy light, and then the remaining divine power turned into a white robe and purple ribbon, wrapping her.She walked out of the temple barefoot. Tedeus looked at his daughter in horror and said respectfully, "Are you the ancestor god or Athena now?"Athena looked back at Tedeus and said playfully, "Of course I'm your daughter Athena!"Then she exuded a holy light, and her eyes turned from ruby red to gold. She said solemnly,"But the ancestor god is also in me. His projection can't always stay in the World Inner, and I'm the most suitable vessel. The will of the ancestor god allows the Tsmali region to become independent and unite with the Son of the Sea, His Holiness Pontos, to send troops to the North and purify the projection of the Abyss Lord Drucker Bach! "After Tedeus heard it, he bowed his head solemnly and said, "Your will is our will!"He thought bitterly in his heart. The City-state of Medemus used to be the largest City-state of Salia, with three cities. Now the entire North has been transformed by the Abyss. If the Tsmali region becomes independent, the City-state will only have one city and become a real City-state.Tedeus was the crown prince for decades, and only then did he develop the City-state into a big country with three cities and one-third of the Salia Peninsula. Now he had only been the king for a few years, and he returned to build the city overnight. He couldn't help but feel sad.Athena didn't notice the subtle psychological changes in her father. She was now sharing a body with the projection of the goddess, and her entire soul was affected invisibly. Fortunately, she was already a great hero and could withstand the divine power of the projection.In fact, if her soul could withstand it, the test of divine power would be a huge gift, and it would greatly improve her bloodline potential.Athena stepped on the solid marble barefoot, and walked step by step to the outside of the temple, looking at the people in the square. She exuded boundless divine might, causing the people of the City-state to involuntarily worship her.The sound of waves came from afar. Endless seawater fell from the sky and hung upside down above the Royal City. A huge sea giant walked out of the waves."Honourable Goddess of Grace, Pontos is here to formally sign a contract with you!"Hearing the sound, Athena's eyes glowed with golden light. Elegant music sounded, and countless elegant elves were born from the void. She stepped on the void with her snow-white and delicate feet and slowly walked towards the sky. Her posture was so elegant and graceful. Every frown and smile contained an elegant rhythm.

Every time he took a step, everyone's heart calmed down a little. Every time his bare feet moved, the Realm of Elegance expanded a little. When he was at the same level as the sea giant, the whole City-state was covered by the Realm of Elegance."I, the Goddess of Grace Medea, and Pontos, the Son of the Sea, swear an oath to the Styx! From now on, the Tsmali region will be independent, and the guardian will be Pontos, the Son of the Sea.In return, Pontos, the Son of the Sea, needs to be the main force and work with my projection to kill the Abyss Lord, Drucker Bach, and guarantee 50 years of peace in the City-state. "Bathed in the holy light of grace, she spoke softly and looked at the sea giant. In the holy light, an elegant and beautiful hand stretched out.The sea giant stared at the holy light, stretched out his huge hand, and bumped into Athena's hand.With the touch of the two gods, the power of rules emerged, and the invisible Styx emerged. The oath of the two was heard by the Styx, and witnessed by Hades!In the sky above the City-state, in the invisible world, a giant lion appeared. It was majestic, but it was bathed in black blood, and a long gray snake was chasing it.The giant lion was surrounded by countless bloody red lights, with darkness and resentment. If one looked carefully, they seemed to be the residents of the Northern Region. They surrounded the giant lion with bloody red lights, as if they were blaming the giant lion for not protecting it well.The giant lion roared angrily and fought against the dark snake with all its might.Athena couldn't bear to look at the giant lion. Her body shone brightly, and she stretched out her hand. The natural hypostasis suppression of the City-state guardian poured into the giant lion's body with the power of the oath.As a great hero, Tydeus had extraordinary abilities. When he saw the giant lion, he knew that it represented the hypostasis of the City-state. It was a creature of rules that gathered the people of the City-state.As the king of the City-state, Tydeus was bound to the giant lion for good or ill. Except for the hypostasis power that supported the guardian, the rest nourished him.Now that the giant lion was in pain, he was in pain too.After the power of the oath poured into the giant lion's body, there was a violent disturbance. An invisible force emerged in the Tsmali region, tearing the giant lion apart.

The giant lion rolled in the sky, avoiding the pursuit of the long gray snake. It jumped fiercely, opened its mouth, and spat out a wet killer whale!As soon as the killer whale was born, it fought with the long gray snake. It fiercely bit the long gray snake. The giant lion panted weakly. After a long time, it fought with the killer whale against the long gray snake.Tydeus weakly covered his chest. He could feel that he had lost half of his hypostasis.The king was just a shepherd of the gods. He replaced the City-state guardian to shepherd the people of the City-state. Although he could get a share of the hypostasis power, most of it had to be offered to the gods and couldn't be returned to him.The giant lion represented the hypostasis formed by 300,000 people and nearly a million slaves. If the hypostasis power belonged to Tydeus alone, he could become a Sub-human King in a short time and have the power of a top epic hero in the World Inner.If he could unify the whole of Salia and become the real King of Salia, with the hypostasis, he could have the power of a demigod, but his life couldn't be compared to a demigod.Unfortunately, he was not a human king, not a real human master. He was just a shepherd appointed by the guardian, and he didn't have the hypostasis power.For the guardian, the same hypostasis power, the guardian could get more because the guardian had his own domain and could draw power from the domain. The hypostasis was a supplement, not a dominant one.The power of the domain was the source of the gods' power. The hypostasis was just a helpless supplement for the gods whose domain was insufficient. This supplement was much safer than faith, so it was widely used by the new gods.This was also why the God of Frost didn't care about the destruction of the City-state of Rona. He had already consolidated the power of the domain and used frost as the source of power.He made a deal with the Goddess of Love and Desire and gave the last of his hypostasis power to the Goddess of Grace who had not yet become a god, helping her become a god safely.In the sky, Pontos handed a conch to the goddess's human vessel, Athena."When you find the Abyss Lord Dirkbach, blow this conch horn and I will appear immediately!"