Report
                            
                            Dana felt as if she was in a dream. She seemed to have experienced something incredible, but when she thought about it carefully, she couldn't remember anything.She only remembered that the light was dazzling and beautiful, and the torch behind the light made her feel warm and trustworthy.She slowly opened her eyes and felt that her whole body was drenched. She didn't even need to wring her clothes to know that they were dripping with sweat.Her mental strength seemed to be extremely weak, and her body felt very weak. It seemed that she had done something very strenuous. Suddenly, she thought of something and covered her slightly bulging upper body.Aise felt a splitting headache. The fat ahoge on top of his head was also lying motionless, as if it was exhausted.Aise took a deep breath and tried to open his eyes. He found that the group of apprentices were all dispirited and drenched. He didn't have time to care about the beautiful style of the female apprentices. He tried to steady his breath and said,"My apprentices, try to keep your mental strength stable. Open the fourth page of your spellbook and activate the meditation technique that suits you. Use meditation to recover your mental strength!"Afterward, he no longer cared about the apprentices. Instead, he used what little spiritual power he had left to communicate with his Secret Soul Space.In the Secret Soul Space, nearly a hundred soul runes settled in the lowest layer of the space. Dozens of planar spell models formed by them quietly floated in the air of the Secret Soul Space.Aise's mental strength triggered the spell model "Powerful Advanced Apprentice Meditation Technique". This spell model was made up of the original "Advanced Apprentice Meditation Technique" and the Magic Sense Rune and Insight Rune discovered by Bayern. It could strengthen one's sensitivity to magic and strengthen one's mental strength.Unfortunately, Aise's mental strength had already reached the limit of an advanced apprentice. This was a leap from the limit and a sublimation of life. The meditation technique couldn't help him.As the meditation started, Aise felt that his withered mental strength was recovering little by little. His body was also getting better under the nourishment of magic.As the sun gradually fell, Ace woke up from his meditation. The group of sorcerer-apprentices had already finished their meditation. Their mental and physical conditions had recovered well, and their clothes had also been air-dried. It was just that those beautiful scenery had been seen by someone else.When the apprentices saw that Aise had opened his eyes, they all stood up and went forward, all talking at once.This was the impression that was hard to erase after experiencing the sea of consciousness. All of the apprentices were naturally close to Aise. They couldn't help but trust and respect him.

To use an inappropriate analogy, Aise seemed to have solidified a kind of talent, the highest level of Magus Affinity.The reason for this was that he and the Book Spirit acted as the central hub, connecting all the sorcerer-apprentices and forming the surface consciousness of the sorcerers.Because the Book Spirit was a creature of laws, its surface consciousness was transferred to the Sea of Unreality by the central hub, creating the embryonic form of the deep subconscious sea of outstanding wizards. The central hub of the collective subconscious sea of wizards was Aise and the Book Spirit, and the ruler was Aise.As the central hub and ruler of the collective subconscious sea, Aise naturally became the person that all the wizards were close to. Not only the current wizards, but the future wizards would also be affected by the sea of consciousness and unconsciously become close to Aise.At this moment, Aise felt that he really wanted to write a thesis to express his thoughts, research, hypotheses, and questions about the sea of consciousness.However, there were still some things that he wanted to do. He suppressed the urge in his heart and his stomach full of questions to ask the Book Spirit. He activated the "Mechanized Mind" spell model in the Secret Chamber of Soul.Some of his high spirits instantly cooled down, and he began to think and express himself rationally."My apprentices, do you have a lot of questions? Can you tell me how you feel? "The apprentices listened to Aise's words and felt very close to him. They all fought to speak.Aise looked at them. He didn't expect the sea of consciousness to have such an effect. The apprentices who were originally a little afraid of him no longer feared him. Instead, they were exceptionally close and trusted him. Although it felt good, it was a little noisy.He said gently and slowly, "One by one, Arnaud, you go first."Arnaud who was called said excitedly, "I feel like I had a dream. When I woke up, I forgot everything. But I remember that it was very warm. I feel that we are a whole, and I want to protect this whole!""Bayern, what do you feel and remember?" Aise asked again.The gray-robed Bayern's expression was a little serious. He said, "I also feel like I had a dream. I can't remember exactly what happened, but there's a consciousness in my heart that tells me that as a wizard, I have to abide by the Five Cornerstone Principles and the Three Original Vows!"Aise asked a few more apprentices, and their answers were similar. They didn't seem to remember exactly what happened in the sea of consciousness. They only remembered that it was very warm and that they had to abide by the Cornerstone Principles and the Original Vows.Aise was quite satisfied with this result. Although he didn't know why the other apprentices didn't have any recollection of what happened, the result this time was very good.

Aise had a natural affinity with the collective of wizards, and had branded the Five Cornerstone Principles and the Three Original Vows in the subconscious of all the wizards, making them instinctively abide by them. This had almost achieved all the results that Aise wanted to achieve.However, Aise wanted to hear a different opinion."Warren, what about you?" He asked gently again.The red-haired, freckled Warren's face became even redder. He seemed to be a little excited. He took a deep breath and said,"My feelings are similar to Arnaud's, but I have a lot of doubts. Why did we enter this place that seems like a dream? Why can't I remember anything? Can this strange experience be replicated? What can we wizards get out of it? What is the truth behind all of this? "Aise stared at the red-haired, freckled boy. His grey eyes weren't so bright, but the burning desire for knowledge almost overflowed. This was a very good fire seed, a good firewood!Aise waved his hand and asked all the apprentices to sit down. He stood in front of them and opened his arms, his black robe naturally hanging down. The sun had already set, and tonight was a new moon. It was pitch black, and only the gurgling sound of water and the cawing of crows could be heard.He used his power of the will to touch the spell model in the Secret Soul Space, and the "Controllable Light Sphere" was activated. A glimmer of light appeared between Aise's hands and slowly grew bigger.As he raised his hands to the sky, the glimmer quickly grew into a gentle light sphere the size of a person, emitting a cold light. The cold light sphere flew above everyone's head under Aise's command and suspended in mid-air, illuminating everyone's surroundings like a bright moon.