Report
                            
                            Aise pulled out a few strands of hair and handed them to Bayern. His face suddenly turned serious as he said to Bayern,"Apostle Bayern! I have a mission for you. Tomorrow, use the secondary shapeshifting spell to transform into my appearance and lead the apprentices to the northern mining area to eliminate the demons along the way.Among my apprentices, you are the most proficient in perception and shapeshifting spells. You also have the valuable experience of leading everyone to escape from the north. Be it in terms of ability or knowledge, you are the one I trust the most.My assistant, Sharp, will go with you. You can discuss with him about any decisions you make.If you encounter any danger during this trip, make sure the apprentices are safe first. You must bring them back in one piece. "Bayern took over Aise's hair with a serious face. He didn't ask why he transformed into Aise. If Aise wanted to tell him, he would tell him. If not, he just had to carry out the mission happily.He said with a serious face, "Apostle Bayern will follow the will of Lord Firebringer. I will eliminate the demons along the way and in the mining area while ensuring the safety of the apprentices."Aise touched Bayern's magic badge with his finger. Following the rhythm of magic, the entire hexagram pattern on the badge lit up."Then there is no problem. I will inform the apprentices to gather here tomorrow morning."The next day, Bayern transformed into Aise and led all the apprentices including Sharp to go out and eliminate the demons.On the other hand, Ace knocked out a barbarian leader, transformed into his appearance, and blended in with them."The Magi have all left. This is our best chance!"A barbarian leader who was digging a ditch by the river shouted impatiently as soon as Aise and the others left the settlement."Lower your voice. Those southerners know our language. Don't let them find out."Another leader covered the mouth of the leader from before and whispered."Don't worry. We have to be patient and wait for a day."A tall and sturdy barbarian said calmly. He was the former leader of the barbarian tribal alliance in the valley.At night, it was a new moon and the sky was pitch black."We should act now! Take back everything that belongs to us, "one of the leaders said impatiently."Don't be impatient. Let's hear what the Great Leader has to say first," the white-haired old barbarian said."There's no moon tonight. Let's take advantage of the fact that they're sleeping soundly and use blow darts to secretly kill the guards. Then, we'll take away the weapons of the southerners and set this place on fire. Then, we'll take the food, cattle, and sheep with us and take the opportunity to escape with some trustworthy people."

The Great Leader said to everyone with a resolute expression."Why didn't you take everyone with you?" A barbarian leader asked in confusion."Because there are too many people, they are too big of a target. There are nearly a hundred shamans here, and no tribe in the entire Lar Mountain Range is stronger than here!If they didn't make us work like slaves every day, we wouldn't have to run away!After we left the valley, we headed north to the Fire Bull Tribe. The Great Leader and I are sworn brothers. We borrowed a shaman from him to find a place to rebuild our tribe! "The Great Leader replied with a bewitching tone.The barbarian leaders were fed up with the hard work every day. They cheered and shouted slogans, looking forward to a future where they didn't have to work so hard. Each of them found a barbarian they trusted and gathered nearly three hundred people.Aise listened quietly from the side. These barbarians were once the upper echelons of the tribe. They were deeply resentful of losing their authority and status. After waiting for these people to gather and distribute their tasks, Aise smiled.The fish were all here. It was time to pull in the net!He quietly cast the soul spell "Illusion Enchantment". Along with the rhythm of magic, all the barbarians present fell into an illusion.As Leon led the probationary citizens with weapons and rushed over, a riot that had just been brewing disappeared without a trace.The next morning, Leon gathered all the probationary citizens and free people in the settlement and announced the crimes of these three hundred people in person."They are a group of shameless, lazy, insidious and vicious criminal forces. They tried to subvert the great territory of the High Tower and hurt innocent people. We can't let them go!All the probationary citizens present will form a jury court to judge this group of sinners! "Then, under the watchful eyes of the free people, the probationary citizens skillfully formed a jury court. Leon conveyed the opinion of the Firebringer, the lifelong governor of the High Tower territory, Aise."This group of people is guilty of the most heinous crimes. According to the Firebringer's suggestion, I propose to sentence all of them to be condemned slaves. They will be tied up with ropes and shackles to work endlessly. At the same time, they will also become experimental materials for the great wizards!"The free people present were all at the bottom of the barbarians' hierarchy. Some of them were gloating as they watched the leaders who were once high above being judged.

When some of the freedmen heard the verdict, their faces began to pale. They watched as their former leaders were shackled and handcuffed, and they could feel the dignity of the territory's jury court. Slaves were definitely pitiful, and experimental subjects didn't sound like anything good.This was the purpose of Aise's indulgence in this rebellion. He released the hidden unstable factors and used severe punishment to frighten the barbarian free people. Then, he created a judicial trial practice. Those who committed serious crimes would be slaves. At the same time, they would be the source of experimental materials for the wizards in the territory in the future.The wizards' experiments needed to use human bodies. In the territory, if it was not handled well, it could cause serious ethical problems and uneasiness.Aise thought that the best and most reasonable sources were enemies and criminals. Coincidentally, this group of people fit both identities. It was a rare demonstration.As for the laws of the territory, there was no unique legal system yet. For the time being, they used the customary and written laws of the City-state of Medemus. When the construction of the territory was basically completed, more suitable laws would be promulgated.At this stage, the population was not large. There was no need for a complicated legal system. Simple laws and regulations were enough to cooperate with the security department.Aise was not ready to promulgate any advanced laws. Everything would develop according to the current situation. His subordinates would draft according to the actual situation, and he could confirm it himself.The only problem now was that there were not enough talents. The civilized population was too small. Perhaps the plan to attack Aise's manor could be put on the agenda. He also wanted to bring his parents over and live together with his family.After the trial of the rebels, Leon announced to everyone according to Aise's wishes. His voice was not loud, but under the effect of Aise's Booming Spell, everyone present heard it clearly."According to the will of the lifelong governor of the Wizard Tower territory, all free people, as long as they change their names in the common language, wear civilized clothes, pass the common language language test, pass the common language test, pass the work points test within three years, and have no criminal record, they can become probationary citizens and are eligible to apply for office in the government office.All probationary citizens, as long as they pass the common language test, have no criminal record, and pass the work points test within five years, they can become official citizens.And official citizens are eligible to use five years of accumulated work points to exchange for a stepping stone on the path of becoming a wizard. As long as you reach the state of spiritual overclocking under the blessing, the Firebringer will give you a magic book, make a contract with you, and guide you on the path of magic! "

After a moment of silence, the crowd began to whisper to each other.As long as they were human, they longed for higher status, more wealth, and more power. Now that the passage had been opened to them, all the free people and probationary citizens who had a little ambition were excited.