Report
                            
                            "Silence! Silence! "The descendant of the God of War, the great hero Arnaud de Byrne, shouted in a loud and imposing voice. He had recovered his health, and as usual, he was bare-chested, wearing red pants and a black cloak. He held a shield in his left hand and a spear in his right hand.Under his majesty and aura, the Divine Descendants and the sorrowful people who had been whispering to each other fell silent with solemn expressions.The king of the City-state, Tedeus Medea, did not attend the ceremony of awarding the Tribute of Frost. He was in the palace with his aides, frowning and discussing."My king, after losing Moore Rona, the only two great heroes left in the City-state are you and Arnaud de Byrne. Even with Dickens, who serves the Tribute of Frost, it's only equivalent to three great heroes. I'm afraid it's beyond our power to deal with the projection of the Abyss Lord, Dirk Bach! "A divine nobleman with a white beard, dressed in a standard scholar's attire, bowed to Tedeus and said."It's just nice to say it's beyond our power. It's like hitting a rock with an egg! Your Majesty, we must have decisive power to resist the invasion of the Abyss! "A hero with a red tasseled helmet said bluntly."You don't know much about Athena. She was cursed by the Demon Lord Keegan when she was a child. Thanks to the blessing of the ancestors, she has turned the curse into power and greatly strengthened the power of frost and elegance. She's already a great hero!"Another hero knew Athena better. He looked at Tedeus's eyes and slowly said this sentence."Even if it's the three great heroes, their strength is still not enough! That's the Abyss Lord, a titled Lord of the Abyss. Legend has it that he's no less powerful than the gods. His projection is comparable to the most powerful epic heroes.Moreover, the entire Northern Region has been transformed into a projection of the Abyss. He can get the blessing of the Abyss, and his strength is comparable to a demigod! "The hero wearing a red tasseled helmet said solemnly."If the ancestors don't have the confidence to win, I think we need to consider a way out!"Just as the people in the palace were arguing and hesitating, the ceremony in the square had reached its end. Athena solemnly held the Tribute of Frost with both hands as she watched Dickens climb up the platform step by step and kneel on one knee."In the name of the Goddess of Grace, Medea, and the God of Frost, Rona, the royal family of the City-state of Medemus shall bestow upon you the Praise of Frost!

From now on, until the end of your life, you will be a servant of the Tribute of Frost. You must remember your mission, serve this type of noble artifact, and be loyal to the Medemus Royal Family! "Athena raised the Ice Crystal Dagger with both hands and cast Praise of Frost. Under the sunlight, the Ice Crystal Dagger reflected seven colors, reflecting on the blue-haired girl. A holy aura began to spread, and frost and elegance seemed to be whispering blessings.Athena held the ice crystal dagger and laid it flat, standing in front of Dickens.Dickens raised his hands high, slowly but firmly receiving the crystal dagger. No one cheered, no one cheered.People looked sorrowful, and the knowledgeable people were worried about the future of the City-state. How would they resist the powerful Abyss Lord? Where would the City-state and the royal family go?The ceremony gradually came to an end, and until midnight, the people in the square did not leave for a long time. Everyone's grief needed to be soothed, and everyone's hatred needed to be avenged. No matter if it was the descendants of gods or ordinary people, they had lost a lot of their loved ones. At this moment, the whole city was grieving."I don't know how our son is, no one knows where he went!"Marina pulled Romon's shoulder and sat in the square. She was very worried."It'll be fine, it'll be fine."Romon answered perfunctorily, but the doubts in his heart were even bigger.He remembered the first time when Aise told him that he was researching medicine, he shamelessly got the willow tubers and the corrosive jackals. His son seemed to have been researching these forbidden things!He did not dare to tell anyone, so he could only bury these doubts in his heart. No matter what Aise was researching, he hoped that Aise was safe and sound.He held a badge tightly in his hand, which was given to him by the princess herself. It was Aise's citizenship badge!From then on, the descendants of gods who coveted Aise's manor also stopped. With the protection and trust of the crown prince, even if Aise's life was unknown, no one dared to take advantage of it.Peter and the others also came to comfort Romon. As Aise's teacher, Peter always thought that Aise was just an outstanding scholar and doctor. He also piously prayed to the goddess, hoping that Aise was safe and sound."I believe in my student, he must be safe and sound. Aise is the most talented and idealistic scholar I have ever seen. He has always dreamed of saving people. Don't worry, he probably went to the north with the merchant ship. Maybe in a few years, we will hear stories of Aise practicing medicine in the north and saving people! "

Hearing Peter's words, Marina's worries were slightly relieved.At this time, a group of City-state soldiers came and distributed soup to everyone. In the sky, the flying shuttle pulled by the pegasus slowly landed on the high platform in front of the temple.Tedeus Medea and Crown Princess Athena Medea also came down from the pegasus in white robes and purple ribbons. The pegasus pulled the shuttle and circled around before disappearing.Tedeus wore an olive crown made of pure gold on his head and slowly walked into the temple of the Goddess of Elegance with Athena.After the people in the square shared the soup, they gradually quieted down. They were waiting, waiting for the will of the City-state's patron, the goddess of elegance, Medea.The whole temple began to emit a faint light. In the temple hall, a white light was suspended. There were no idols or sculptures here, only a mass of Divine Essence left by the goddess."Dear ancestor, you are the embodiment of elegance. You are the guardian of Medea's City-state. May your kingdom in heaven watch over us and protect us!"Tedeus, with a golden crown on his head, led Athena to kneel respectfully to the Divine Essence. With their sacrifice, the Divine Essence exuded a soft light, and a figure appeared."Tedeus, Athena, I already know why you are here."In the mass of Divine Essence, the slim figure gradually solidified. A pair of white hands appeared from the mass of Divine Essence, accompanied by a curling voice, it said unquestionably:"Athena, come forward."Athena stood up from the ground and walked slowly to the mass of Divine Essence."Come, Athena, hold my hand."Tedeus looked at Athena approaching step by step and held her white hands. The mass of Divine Essence burst into a dazzling light, directly penetrating the temple and instantly turning the entire Royal City as bright as day.Romon and others in the square couldn't help but close their eyes.