Report
                            
                            Aise's consciousness sank into the closed spiritual imprint network in the shape of a bamboo hat. The flow of information in the network was running at an extremely fast speed, exchanging information with each other at all times."This kind of network is a bit similar to the neural network in my previous life. It's just that every neuron is replaced by an individual with independent intelligence. This network can't promote my life to leap forward, but it still has great potential!If all the apprentices are promoted to advanced apprentices, hundreds of people will form a network to analyze, disassemble, optimize, reverse deduce runes and spell models, and analyze unknown runes. With the book spirit's deduction and understanding of unknown forces, the huge computing power of the entire network will have a lot of room for application! "Aise was not in a hurry to start the third stage immediately. He carefully felt the computing power of the wizard's spiritual network, and the eyes of his spirit body actually shone with a bright light!This was only less than a hundred people. If twenty years later, the entire territory had cultivated thousands or even tens of thousands of beginner sorcerer-apprentices and above, linking them into a unified spiritual network on the surface of the consciousness, what kind of scene would it be when this kind of terrifying computing power, creativity, and excellent communication effect was combined together?They could improve, disassemble, optimize, reverse deduce how many powerful runes, combine how many powerful spell models, and even deduce the hero's martial arts to create even more powerful martial arts, and so on. The future was almost unimaginable.Aise thought of a sentence in his previous life. This kind of powerful spiritual network, the spiritual network, was exactly the same as that sentence: the bigger the heart, the bigger the stage!He was a little intoxicated by the perception and imagination. Such a spiritual network with great potential must be controlled by himself!Perhaps he would need to sign a new contract and create a core magic item to completely take over the spiritual network for his own use!Aise thought for a long time, and finally, under the urging of the mirror image, he started the third stage of the experiment.All the apprentices began to use their best meditation method in the network under the command of Aise. Aise himself was also immersed in meditation, and the mirror image was responsible for recording the experiment process.In the mirror image's observation, the entire spiritual network, as the apprentices on the soul nodes began to meditate, the frequency of the spiritual vibrations became uniform, and the flow of information decreased greatly. As the main body of the "root consciousness", Aise, spread out his own unique spiritual frequency and flow of information.This unique spiritual frequency and flow of information quickly spread through the spiritual network and spread to every node. The entire network began to unify, and the meditation effect of several nodes was greatly improved.

Every node was absorbing magic to strengthen their souls and nourish the body through the chain between the soul and the body.There was always some magic overflowing and flowing along the spiritual network. Soon, it spread throughout the entire spiritual network, forming a unique magic environment in the double-buckled bamboo hat shaped space of the spiritual network.This magic power carried the marks of the adepts, and after being washed repeatedly in the network, it absorbed the unique information flow that Ace emitted. In the end, it formed a unique magic power with Ace's information flow as the main part and the other adepts' information flow as support. It had the collective characteristics of all the adepts present."This unique magic can become a collective magic magic power. With their existence, the mental network seemed to be even more perfect and mysterious. It seemed to be communicating with nature and the environment as it breathed.This state greatly promoted the activity of the entire network, which in turn led to the activity of the spiritual power of each network node. This should be the opportunity for the main body to advance.It's just that this activity doesn't seem to be strong enough, and the quality is not good enough. The main body's spiritual scale is only a little loose, but it hasn't reached the level where it can break through! "After a long time, this unique environment created by the collective magic power began to slowly disappear, and the apprentices' meditation had also ended. Everyone had gained a lot, and the effect of their meditation was several times stronger than usual. The high-frequency, barrier-free spiritual communication gave them a lot of inspiration.Only Aise's spiritual scale didn't move at all, and he became the only one who didn't gain any direct benefits from this experiment.Everyone had returned to reality from the illusory state of the spiritual network. They sat on the blanket and whispered to each other about their feelings."Betty, Betty. Don't you feel that it's a little … "Donna blushed and asked. She had just successfully connected with Anzesta."Huh?" Betty's golden twin ponytails swayed as she looked at Donna in confusion. During the communication just now, she had been thinking about how to create a new type 1 apprentice. The other apprentices who communicated with her were all led by her, and they contributed their computing power and imagination to her.Betty was very satisfied. She couldn't wait to communicate more freely, so she didn't think about the things that made Donna worried and shy.Warren was very excited. The apprentices around him seemed to be a little exhausted and disgusted. In the network, they were chased by Warren's continuous questions. Unlike Dana, they didn't discover the secret of the spiritual imprint controlling the flow of information. They were passively chased by Warren's questions, and they almost collapsed.

Carloso closed his eyes and rested. In the network, he was crazily imagining and practicing combat scenes. As a former gladiator, combat was the only thing he cared about.However, he was also very interested in learning mathematics because it was the prerequisite for casting spells, and spells were the source of power. Only with power could he win a battle.In the link, he and the others were very effective in communicating how to fight. In almost a short moment, they exchanged a lot of experience and knowledge. It almost made him feel like he had experienced those combat scenes and had a lot of experience.Just when everyone was discussing and reflecting, Aise, who had been frowning and summarizing the results, finally finished recording the experiment in the magic diary page of the magic book.He stood up, and enough mana overflowed from his body. His black scholar's robe fluttered. He said to the apprentices:"Our link this time is much more successful than the previous one. We have completed the three stages of the experiment relatively completely. Here, I would like to thank all the apprentices for their cooperation. "The apprentices listened and quickly stood up. They thanked the Firebringer for leading them to connect to the spiritual network, and they experienced the unprecedented collective thinking and collective meditation.Aise looked at everyone with a smile. This was the subtle effect of the network. As the strongest node in the whole network, and also the "root consciousness", many of Aise's views and actions would subconsciously affect them, making them spontaneously follow his orders.For example, the subconscious consciousness of Peter's school of etiquette would be rooted in the hearts of the apprentices present.Aise bowed back and then said, "Now, we need to carry out the experiment to change the preconditions. Please adjust your state. I'm going to hypnotize everyone. Please don't resist."