Report
                            
                            "Lou Xilu, you're secretly spreading rumors again. Bolina and I are innocent. The Advanced Gargoyle solved a research problem for Bolina, and she gave it to me as thanks!"Carloso's dissatisfied voice sounded, and the frequency of his attacks increased rapidly. The Advanced Gargoyle attacked with all four hands, and all kinds of magic crystal weapons appeared. Lou Xilu saw that Carloso was really angry and said embarrassedly, "I was just joking. Don't be so serious. I was wrong, hahaha!"In the end, the two did not fight. They were stopped by the leader Anzesta. Eddie quietly distanced himself from the two, afraid that he would be affected again. He did not expect to see Lou Xilu affectionately hugging Carloso's shoulder the next day. Soon, the two were talking and laughing."Don't worry, they are very good friends. Lou Xilu once saved Carloso's life during an adventure. Although they fight, they are very careful.Lou Xilu is actually very reliable, but he doesn't keep his mouth shut. You don't have to worry about Carloso, he is actually a very clear-cut person. "Donna seemed to have seen through Eddie's worries and said to him.Although they had all studied in elementary magic schools, Eddie was not familiar with these people. He thanked Donna gratefully and felt a little relieved."They should all be reliable people."Eddie muttered in his heart.At night, the group arrived at the small town in the northern mining area.The apprentices and people stationed in the small town were like birds startled by the twang of a bow. When Anzesta and the rest arrived, they caused a lot of misunderstandings. They thought that strange demons disguised themselves as humans and wanted to sneak into the small town. In the end, after confirming each other through the magic network, they were allowed to enter the town to rest.The next morning, according to the description of the apprentices stationed in the small town, Anzesta carefully led the group to the area where the strange demons appeared."The color of the demon's body changes with the surrounding environment. It is in a liquid state and is very difficult to see with the naked eye. In spiritual perception, it appears to be colorful. Everyone must keep your spiritual perception activated at all times.These demons are very difficult to kill. In their original form, even if they are cut, they will still split. This liquid is very strange. Once absorbed, it is very likely that it will completely swallow you and replace you!However, once replaced, they seem to lose the ability to transform again. "Now that they knew about the strange magical creature, the apprentice adepts all activated their Secondary Insight Perception and Ultrasonic Perception. The knight squires, on the other hand, used similar spells to keep an eye on their surroundings with the help of their Heartforce.

There were close to forty of them, and they were entrenched in the mining area. There were also a few people who looked like sorcerer-apprentices and a few monsters. They actually coexisted peacefully with the strange monsters."Those 'Apprentice Adepts' aren't real Apprentice Adepts. They were transformed from a few unlucky fellows after a strange magical creature swallowed them. Those magical creatures are the same.They are easier to deal with than the strange monsters because they don't have the ability to devour and transform. "Through the last page of the spellbook, Anzesta informed everyone of his judgment.In a shadow that they did not notice, something seemed to be stirring, emitting extremely weak fluctuations.The apprentices and servants quietly approached, each of them holding a weak demon that had been knocked out. These strange demons had fixed weaknesses. Ordinary people would find it difficult to deal with them, but for the apprentices who understood them, it was not difficult to deal with them.Soon, the strange magical creatures discovered them. Because they were well prepared, they easily dealt with these guys, and no one was allowed to get close to them.They threw the knocked out weak demons onto the strange magical creatures, causing them to devour these weak guys and turn them into these weak magical creatures. This way, they would lose their biggest threat.Most of the apprentices had flying equipment. They used flying magic carpets and flying brooms to fly at low altitudes, cleverly avoiding the attacks of the strange magical creatures.The original strange magical creatures did not cause them any trouble. Instead, it was the "apprentice adepts" that caused some trouble."It's not a big problem. These magical creatures seem difficult to deal with, but as long as we can grasp their weakness, killing them is like slaughtering sheep."Just as Eddie was sighing, not far behind them, the shadows gently stirred, and then fell silent.A week later, Anzesta and the others had completely wiped out the magical creatures. They even captured and sealed six strange magical creatures, preparing to bring them back for research.As they were leaving, three people wearing pointed hoods and gray-gold robes emerged from the shadows, wearing gray mottled badges on their chests.Each of them had a different painful facial expression on their faces, revealing an extremely twisted smile."Hehehehe." One of the masked men reached out a hand and touched the shadow. Unexpectedly, a strange magical creature crawled out."My little cuties, I thought you guys were lost. I didn't expect to find such a big discovery."The expression on the masked man's face was extremely twisted, and with a trace of fake pity, he slowly killed the strange magical creature with the power of pain. Then, he grabbed the strange magical creature that had turned from liquid to stone and strangely said:

"Pain is with you. When the shadow shrouds the earth, extreme pain will descend."The two masked men behind the masked man also praised together. Then, they used a language that had never been heard of before to communicate. Just by communicating, the nearby magical creatures seemed to be affected by pain, joy, sadness, and other emotions. In the end, they all died one after another.The three masked men were very careful. They patiently waited for Anzesta and the others to return to Luminous City, then they tried to sneak into the mining town in the north."Pain bless."The three of them secretly chanted. The fiery red magical force that was constantly torturing them seemed to come from the sea of illusion and enveloped them.Accompanied by the extreme pain of the three of them, their state gradually changed along with the distortion. In the end, they actually looked no different from ordinary people.They tiptoed closer to the town, turned into shadows, and easily entered the town by following the shadows.On the other side, in the residence of the wizard apprentice stationed in the mining town in the north, the intermediate wizard apprentice Bent had just finished dealing with the day's work and was about to rest.At this time, his magic book suddenly became boiling hot."Not good, something has entered the mining town!"He hurried to the security room. A magic glass ball inscribed with runes was flashing.This was the invention of the advanced wizard apprentice Bayern, the Perception Enchantment Ball.It was made of magic glass and inscribed with the corresponding rune array. It had three functions: insight perception, magic sensitivity, and hypervision.The Perception Enchantment Ball required the corresponding alarm rune array to be set up within the range of perception. A series of alarm rune arrays formed a spherical perception enchantment.Once an unknown magical reaction appeared, the alarm rune array would immediately sense the enchantment ball through the magical signal link and instantly mark it and show it as a red dot on the Perception Enchantment Ball.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login