Report
                            
                            As for the water pipe network of residential houses, Ace had learned from the lessons of Rome in his previous life. Instead of using lead and other metals to make water pipes, he planned to fire ceramic pipes and then use Mud to Stone for secondary hardening.In this world, the art of pottery had been passed down for a long time. The only thing missing was the art of glazing. The key to firing ceramics was the glaze, and the key to glaze was the glaze.The glaze was applied on the ceramic body and melted under high temperature to form a glassy layer.The vitreous layer was the key to ceramics. With the vitreous layer, ceramics would become bright, clean, waterproof, beautiful, and strong. Thus, the water from the water distribution tower could be safely and healthily supplied to every household.Although Aise had seen quartz and limestone in this world, he did not find any quartz or lime mines near the valley. Therefore, he planned to use an ancient glaze as a substitute.This glaze was the ash of plants that could be seen everywhere. It was light and alkaline and was often used to make compost. It could also be used to fire ceramics.The method of making ceramics was not complicated. There were only four steps: making the body, drying the body, glazing, and baking. After Ace taught Betty the general method of making ceramics, he assigned a few hundred ordinary citizens and more than thirty apprentices to her. After that, he no longer needed to worry about it.Aise returned to his tower and began to study the interesting topic of magical hand-made flintlocks and copper cannons. He already had a preliminary idea on how to arm the ordinary people.In the early stage, he could arm the ordinary people with mature gunpowder weapons from his previous life. After that, he could use a method similar to the Virtue Rune to enhance the strength of the ordinary people who did not have magic talent.The ordinary people who were armed and enhanced would be responsible for the basic defense, attack, and security work. This would liberate the wizards from these jobs and allow them to better study and research.After receiving the task, Betty was very serious. She discussed with Dana many times and confirmed that the water diversion project would be stopped near the west wall of Luminous City. They would build four huge water towers outside the wall and then surround the towers with a barbican.The project in the city was to use a network of stone pipes to divert the water from the four towers to 40 water distribution towers in the city. After that, the water would be delivered to every household through the ceramic water system.Under the leadership of Betty, all the Apprentice Sorcerers in the city began to use Secondary Mud to Stone to build stone water diversion and drainage channels. As the days passed, the water diversion and drainage network of Luminous City was gradually perfected.

In an open space in the northeast of Luminous City, a group of mortals were firing ceramic tubes. Lou Xilu and a few other wizard apprentices were casting spells to reinforce and harden the ceramic tubes.After a short while, they finished reinforcing and hardening the fired ceramic pipe. The few of them chatted together."How many social practice points do you have?" A young acolyte asked Lou Xilu."About five hundred," Lou Xilu replied."I envy you. I only have 300 social practice points. It's just enough for me to get into school. Since we have nothing to do, why don't we review the secondary rune course together? We can ask each other questions and draw runes! "Another apprentice said."Okay, let me ask you a question first. How many types of Secondary Projectile Runes are there? Please write them down from memory."The few wizard apprentices drew the runes in the air together. Some of them drew very quickly, while others scratched their ears and cheeks. The first year secondary rune course was mainly memorized by rote. Only by memorizing the runes by heart would they be able to use them skillfully in the future. They could even improve and modify secondary runes.While the wizard apprentices were building and learning, the number of reinforced and hardened ceramic tubes was increasing rapidly. The water supply network that covered the entire city was about to be completed.While Betty and Dana were leading the wizard apprentices to build the water diversion and drainage system, Aise's magic handmade flintlock gun research was also progressing rapidly.Aise had made magic glycerin before. It was an unstable version of powerful yellow gunpowder made from magic materials. The effect of this magic glycerin was stronger than the glycerin made from normal materials. Aise speculated that it should be the effect of magic power.As for the gunpowder used by mortals, he believed that there must be a certain gap in technology. Wizards must master more advanced gunpowder, so he was not going to use yellow gunpowder.Aise planned to use the classic black gunpowder. The ratio of nitrate, charcoal, and sulfur was 7: 1.5: 1. After soaking, compacting, drying, pounding, and sifting, it would be the best granular black gunpowder.The power of black gunpowder was enough to fight against ordinary low-level demons, and it was just right for mortal soldiers.In fact, for many wizard apprentices, directly using black gunpowder as a casting material to strengthen the explosive power of fire elemental spells was also a good choice.The flintlock gun used the flint on the hammer to create sparks and ignite the gunpowder. What was needed was to make a spring. This was not difficult for wizards. Making elastic bronze springs was not difficult for Aise, who was proficient in fire elemental spells and had memories of his previous life.

The spiral spring was quickly made. The difficulty of making a flintlock gun was the barrel. Quickly making a steel barrel with excellent material was the difficulty.For wizard apprentices who used magic, this was almost no problem. Aise easily created a flame with a temperature of more than 1500 degrees and melted iron into molten iron. At this time, he used pig iron to stir the molten iron so that the carbon and air would combine to make high-quality steel.After Aise used magic to make 300 steel rods, he chanted a spell and fixed the steel rods on the ground.The next step was the most important step, which was to drill the barrel out of the barrel with magic.He used the magic crystal shaping spell to create a large number of magic crystal drill bits. He merged them with his own magic power so that the drill bits became extremely sharp and strong.Along with the rhythm of magic power, the magic crystal drill bits directly penetrated the steel rods and formed the famous spiral rifled line, also known as the windmill line. Most of the flintlocks in his previous life were smoothbore guns, which meant that they did not have rifling.The history of rifling was very early, but it was difficult to load a rifled gun and its firing speed was extremely slow, so it was not taken seriously by the army.However, the function of rifling was also very good. Although a smoothbore gun without rifling had a faster firing speed, its accuracy was poor and the shooting distance was small.Rifling could be said to be the soul of a gun barrel. The function of rifling was to give the bullet the ability to rotate, so that the bullet could still maintain a fixed direction after it was fired.With rifling, the penetration, accuracy, and shooting distance of a flintlock gun would be greatly improved. It could be said that every rifled flintlock gun had the potential to become a sniper rifle.In his previous life, the problem of rifled guns was solved only after the invention of the Mignon bullet. A large number of old smoothbore flintlocks were modified into rifled flintlocks.Aise naturally would not repeat this process. He directly skipped the process of making a smoothbore gun and directly used magic to form a steel pipe with a spiral windmill line.Using magic to overtake a car, the materials and craftsmanship of making gunpowder weapons were far beyond ordinary. This was very magical, but also very scientific!As for the craftsmanship of the Mignon bullet, it was more of a creative idea. The main problem of a rifled gun was that because of the rifled lines, it was difficult to keep the front loaded bullets in the gun chamber and the power of the gun was greatly reduced.