Report
                            
                            Following that, Ace slightly modified what Mirror Image had said and told everyone. Finally, he concluded, "That's right."Our Tower Territory is officially established.From today onwards, I am the Life Consul, the future Master of the Tower, the mentor of all wizards, and the Firebringer Aise.The territory will establish a temporary government office from today onwards. Does anyone want to recommend themselves? "Betty's father, the former Chief Administrative Officer, was already prepared. He let Betty cast a secondary spell, Catapult Kick, on himself. He jumped out of the crowd and jumped in front of Aise in a few steps. Smack!He didn't have the best balance and stepped on a small pebble. He fell in front of Aise in a dog-eat-dog posture.Betty looked at her father's twisted posture and closed her eyes in despair. The people who were in a lively discussion and eager to try were also dumbfounded. For a moment, the atmosphere became a little heavy.Aise looked at the middle-aged man who appeared in a rather unique way. He used magic to lift him up and chanted an incantation:"Quickly restore and clean yourself!"The former Chief Administrative Officer of the Fortress looked defeated and desperate. His body was in pain, but how could it be compared to the pain in his heart?He clearly wanted to be the first to rush to Lord Ace to recommend himself. He clearly had a bellyful of stories to tell. His future in the territory, power, and status were all far away from him.At this moment, he almost wanted to commit suicide. He felt that he was no different from death.With Aise's magic, the former Chief Administrative Officer of the Fortress's pain gradually subsided and the soil on his body disappeared.Although Aise felt a little funny, he didn't laugh. Instead, he said solemnly:"I have seen your enthusiasm. I never judge a person's ability because of irrelevant things. Now, please introduce yourself."There was a saying in his previous life. No matter what a person was like, Aise was prepared to use them. If they were capable, he would use them. If they weren't, he would just use them.In short, he fully mobilized everyone's enthusiasm and let them feel that they could be put in an important position. If it was me, I could do it too.They used this incident to repeatedly publicize Lord Aise's open-mindedness in employing people and his eagerness for talents!Just when a few thoughts flashed through Aise's mind, the chief administrative officer in front of the fortress who landed like a dog eating shit had adjusted his state and bowed to Aise solemnly. Kak!"Please stand up. You can stand straight and slowly introduce yourself."

Aise said gently as he looked at the middle-aged man who remained motionless after the 90-degree bow."I … I'm sorry, I sprained my waist and can't move!"The chief administrative officer in front of the fortress struggled with all his might, but he was still unable to move. His golden hair was a little messy, and his blue eyes were filled with tears of regret, pain, and despair!Why? Why did this happen? Is my journey in the Spire's territory destined to end before it even begins?!The Chief Administrative Officer in front of the fortress screamed in despair. He tried to stand up straight, but it hurt even more.Ace didn't know what to do about it, so he gently said to him,He said gently, "Why don't you take a rest first, and we can talk about it when you're better?"At this time, Betty had already rushed to the front of the crowd and supported her father. She quickly pleaded to Aise like a rapid fire."I'm very sorry, Lord Firebringer, this is my father.He's the former Chief Administrative Officer of the fortress and has rich experience as an assistant. He has studied your masterpiece 'Intensive Farming'. He's usually very serious and serious, but this time was really an accident. Can you give him a chance? "Aise listened to Betty's rapid words with a smile on his face. He carefully looked at the two people. Indeed, their hair color and eye color were somewhat similar.He said, "Why not? We can't deny a person just because of one or two non-subjective mistakes!Every talent is the most precious treasure of our territory, and also the most precious gift given to me by God. You take a rest first, don't worry, we can talk about it later. "When the others saw Aise being so amiable, the ambition and impulse in their hearts began to sprout. One by one, they rushed to Aise's side and couldn't wait to introduce themselves.When the sun was about to set, Aise had a rough understanding of everyone's situation. Most of them were citizens, from almost all walks of life. Many of them did indeed have skills.This was normal. When Aise put in the magic book, most of the people he selected were citizens. These people were born with good physical fitness and education. A good family environment would create a relatively good personality. These were all invisible points.Therefore, Aise now had a group of capable City-state citizens. They would be the preparatory citizens of the territory, filling the temporary government office and contributing to the construction and development of the Wizard Tower territory.

After Aise had a basic understanding of everyone, the Chief Administrative Officer in front of the fortress finally felt better. With Betty's help, he slowly walked towards Aise."Dear Lifelong Governor, Lord Firebringer, I'm the former Chief Administrative Officer of the Northern Fortress. My name is Leon. I've observed the farmland outside the settlement. If my lord wants me to be the Chief Administrative Officer of the temporary government office, this is what I'll do … "Aise listened to Leon's stuttering at first, but when he talked about the governance of the territory, his eyes shone brightly, and he was unusually confident.Many of his ideas were also in line with Aise's. Aise and Leon discussed for a long time, and found that this middle-aged man, who appeared in a somewhat funny way, was unexpectedly talented in governance.Aise stopped the discussion and said to Leon seriously."Very good, Leon, right? If you're willing, you're now the Chief Administrative Officer of the temporary government office of the territory. Later, come to my mud hut, and I'll give you a guide book that I used to build a manor. You can use it to build our town.The main point is what I told you. Assimilate the local barbarians, let them speak the common language, and then build a stable and prosperous town or even a city. This will provide the future Wizard Tower with an endless stream of excellent reserve Wizard Apprentices. This is your governance goal. "Leon, who was over forty years old, was very excited. He replied loudly."I'm willing, Your Excellency Lifelong Governor! I'll definitely build this into a prosperous city and provide the Wizard Tower with an endless stream of excellent talents. "Then he lowered his voice and continued to speak to Aise."Pardon me for asking, but our territory is called the Wizard Tower. Have you thought of a name for this future city and the river next to it, my lord?"Aise looked at him and felt that this person was very interesting."Do you have a good name in mind?"Leon tried to straighten his aching waist and supported Betty, who was pouting and feeling sorry for him, and said."This town is also the future city. It will provide the Wizard Tower with an endless stream of new forces.My lord, you're the Firebringer. The new forces are the seeds of fire, the torch of the future night. Why don't we call this town Luminous Town, the future Luminous City?This nameless river nourishes our town. Why don't we call it Luminous River? "