Report
                            
                            With the guidance of the spell, his condition gradually changed. His soul was trembling violently, and his whole body floated up into the sky. The surrounding magic power produced an indescribable resonance."It seems a little different. Is it because the doppelganger is a magic creature, and its soul and body are one? "Aise silently analyzed in his mind.The doppelganger floating in the air felt like his body had turned into magic particles again, and everything seemed to be whispering to him.He listened carefully, but it was difficult to hear clearly. He didn't know how long this state lasted. Suddenly, he fell uncontrollably.Aise watched the doppelganger slowly fall. The moment it touched the magic circle, there seemed to be a flash of light that was difficult to be seen by the naked eye.He immediately closed his eyes and opened his spiritual perception. A dazzling white light appeared on the doppelganger's head, and then disappeared, turning into a pitch black.The doppelganger felt that there was a light spot attracting him. He followed the light spot, and suddenly a huge suction force appeared, sucking his spiritual power into a bottomless black vortex.This was a different space that existed in an invisible place, the Secret Space of the Soul!After a long time, the magic multi-frequency rhythm disappeared, and the nourished mist was completely digested by the doppelganger. He opened his eyes, stood up and said, "I've successfully opened the Secret Space of the Soul. I'm now an advanced wizard apprentice!"Aise and the doppelganger's eyes met, and their souls began to resonate. He sensed the doppelganger's experience, which was similar to his, but different."What's the difference between the promotion of a magic creature and an ordinary supernatural creature? There's also the whole advanced apprentice promotion ceremony. I need to write a paper to summarize this experiment. "Aise thought, and wrote a title in the magic book, "Advanced Apprentice Promotion Ceremony Research." It recorded the purpose of this experiment, the process, the final result, and the corresponding inference.At the end of the paper, he wrote:"This experiment is just a trial to summarize the commonalities and test the results of an occasional success. The success this time can't completely prove the repeatability of this promotion ceremony. We need better experimental samples in the future to expand the coverage and diversity.""For the promotion of an advanced wizard apprentice, we can make the following hypotheses:Firstly, the purpose of advancement was to sublimate the essence of one's soul, break through some kind of limit, and open the secret space.Secondly, the advancement should require a high concentration of mana and a variety of mana rhythms with frequency. We can try to collect more mana # N, or even magic crystals # N. Although a variety of runes of the same kind is useless in the construction of spell models, they are very important in the construction of magic arrays.

Thirdly, breaking through one level of spiritual power should be a prerequisite. In the future, he could experiment with apprentices who had yet to break through one level of spiritual power to verify the authenticity of the experiment.Fourth, after the soul leaves the body, it seems to be in harmony with some kind of rhythm in nature. This harmony may be the key to the transformation of the soul. "On the other side, the avatar adapted to the state after opening the Soul Space and tried to inscribe Soul Runes. Due to the limited spiritual scale, the clone only had the root runes of the spell models: Advanced Magic Tricks, Enhanced Advanced Apprentice Meditation, Polymorph and Incomplete Polymorph, Insight Perception, and Magic Sensitivity.He was ready to sneak into the crowd of Gray Believers. Together with Aise, the avatar followed a tall, thin Gray Believer who went out to buy things from time to time.Aise easily controlled him with Charm Person. He interrogated the Gray Believer's plan in detail and asked about the Gray Believer's daily work, personality, and interpersonal relationships.Then the avatar transformed into the tall, thin Gray Believer's appearance and habits. After making sure that the imitation was suitable, the avatar sneaked into the Gray Believer's hiding place."Kevin, have you bought everything? We're all starving! "A bald, strong man with a scar on his face opened the door and said to the avatar."Lord Priest, we have enough water." The avatar made a standard Gray Believer salute and answered the code.The bald man with a scar on his face grinned and let the avatar in.After the interrogation, Aise had learned that the Gray Believers had sneaked into the fortress in many batches. The Gray Believer here was one of the batches, but they had no idea how many batches there were.The avatar did not immediately take action. He directly installed Kevin's daily activities, put the food in place, and then prepared the strange ritual with the other believers.This was a very grand ritual, and what they prepared was only a part of it. Kevin knew very little about it because of his position among the Gray Believers.Therefore, the avatar had already set his eyes on the bald, scarred priest. He must know more.A few days later, in the underground magic lab, basement one.Aise was observing the apprentices in the fortress. In their spontaneous gatherings, some excellent apprentices had already shown their abilities."I hope that you can pass my trial in the future. I also need more companions. Before you prove your research ability, you need to prove your courage and wisdom to be on the same side as me. "

He looked at Bayern in the image and gradually fell into deep thought.On the other hand, Bayern the black cat had joined the enchantment research society. With his excellent mathematical skills and his superb spell model creation skills, everyone admired Bayern."Mr. Bayern," Betty lowered her head and said to the black cat on the ground, "why don't you transform into a human?"Bayern the black cat did not know what to say. Secondary Shapeshifting could not transform clothes, and he was naked. Of course, he could not transform back into a human. Also, this way, he could maintain his mystery. After a long time, he simply stayed in the black cat form.Of course, he could not say that. After all, the apprentices did not know Secondary Shapeshifting. He remained cold and walked away while meowing softly.Betty watched Bayern the black cat walk away. She quietly pulled up Donna, who was working hard on her studies, and said, "Don't you think it's suspicious that Bayern is always in the black cat form?"Donna, who was immersed in her studies, looked at Betty in confusion with dark circles under her eyes. Then, she suddenly plunged into a sea of math questions."Suspicious. Too suspicious. Either there's something wrong with him, or there's something wrong with Secondary Shapeshifting. "Betty was still mumbling to herself.Soon, the time for the gathering was up, and there were even other apprentices who came for the gathering.Because of Bayern's arrival, everyone had a new understanding of rune analysis, and the modification and creation of rune matrices had improved a lot.The analysis of runes and rune structures relied heavily on mathematical skills. Many of the ideas that could not be realized before were now figured out by Bayern's explanation.Bayern explained the connection between runes, rune structures, and mathematics. At the same time, he also observed everyone. He could clearly see that Betty was the most talented one among the apprentices. Not only was she talented in the power of the will, but she was also very talented in mathematics.