Report
                            
                            While Eddie was reading the book, Polina, a fourth-year student, was sketching something on a magic paper made from a monster's skin. Beside her was a clump of special soil.The soil was grayish white, and there was a small card label next to it. It read: "Caroso White Gray Magic Clay, an excellent material for transforming mud into stone. Using the Pure Adamantine Transformation spell, it can be transformed into an extremely sturdy and beautiful enchanted Pure Adamantine Stone."Ever since she saw the secondary earth elemental created by Betty a year ago, she couldn't get the research of activating elements out of her mind. After many failures, Polina was able to skillfully create elemental creatures with a certain level of intelligence and learning ability."According to the book, Wisdom Awakening is a series of spells. Currently, the two levels of Wisdom Awakening can cover the casting of spells. In other words, when I become an advanced wizard apprentice, I can use Wisdom Awakening to cast spells on elemental creatures again. So the ceiling of intelligence can be raised. "Polina continued to sketch and then erase the rune structure on the magic paper."The same goes for activating spells. Soul spells can cover secondary spells. As for the improvement of elemental creatures' materials, it can also be solved by creating more advanced magic materials and spells. In other words, in theory, elemental creatures have unlimited potential to level up!"Polina's eyes lit up. She finally finished designing the rune structure and was ready to start making her own familiar.Most wizard apprentices used elemental creatures as cheap magic labor. They didn't even need a master-servant contract spell. They could just vaguely control them with telepathy.But Polina had always had special expectations for elemental creatures. She longed to create a completely different magical creature.The night of the waning moon made her realize that no one could avoid fighting. Polina, who didn't want to fight directly, wanted to create such a magical creature.She still remembered what Aise said in a class."Maybe we can create such a variant of elemental creatures. I call it the Gargoyle.Using stone as the base, carving out wings, having a hard and reliable body, growing intelligence, fast reaction, and a fighting style that can adapt to all kinds of environments.If anyone is interested, you can do your own research after class. I look forward to your results. "She remembered Aise's words. Today, she was going to create the Gargoyle that Aise mentioned and use it as her contracted familiar!Along with the rhythm of Mana, eight Mana Hands appeared and rapidly reconstructed the White Ash Magic Clay according to Polina's imagination. Slowly, a clay statue began to take shape.The entire clay statue was about four meters tall and had two clay wings on its back. The wings were carved with clay feathers, and each wing was about two meters long.

The clay statue was humanoid in shape. It stood upright, had two legs and four arms, and all of them had sharp claws.Two of the arms were retracted to the abdomen. They were made of elastic mud, which could be transformed into magic elastic stone. They could be extended and shortened at any time.The head of the clay statue was an ugly, fanged figure with a single horn on its head. When necessary, it could be used as an offensive weapon.Polina looked at the clay statue with satisfaction. She used the "Secondary Pure Adamantine Stone Transformation" spell that Carloso invented to transform the clay statue into a stone statue. The two arms at the abdomen were transformed into magic elastic stone due to the different material.She didn't rush to make a living stone statue. Instead, she carefully examined the statue for a long time. After confirming that there were no problems with the stone statue, she engraved Magic Crystal Shield Rune Circle, Magic Crystal Weapon Rune Circle, and Local Enhancement Rune Circle on the stone statue.Magic Crystal Weapon Rune Circle was different from Magic Crystal Formation. Its core was Magic Crystal Rune Circle and Magic Crystal Rune Circle. Four different weapons were predetermined on the four claws.Polina then added Local Enhancement Rune Circle and Lightness Rune Circle on the wings on the back. The above rune circles were all secondary rune circles.After the rune circles were engraved, Polina began to slowly construct the secondary Element Activation spell model in the air. Activation, Molding, Earth Element, Proliferation, Nutrient Absorption, and Automatic Absorption were the core runes. A complex secondary spell model gradually emerged.Based on Aise's research experience, Polina infused her own magic power and part of her power of the will into the magic life she created. This way, the magic life she created would have a stronger telepathic connection with her and be naturally loyal to her.With a vague telepathic connection, Polina knew that she had succeeded. She tried to control the stone statue and make it cut off one of its arms to prevent it from activating the Magic Crystal Shield.Soon, a magic crystal axe appeared in the stone statue's hand. It raised it and fiercely chopped at its other arm. After a dozen consecutive slashes, it finally cut out a gap."Very sturdy. Stop. Absorb the fallen stones and heal the wound. "Following Polina's command, the stone statue reached out and picked up the fallen stones. Along with the absorption of nutrients, the stones flowed into the wound like a liquid and quickly healed the wound.Polina tested the other functions one by one. After confirming that everything was fine, she cast Secondary Wisdom Awakening. With the influx of magic power, the rune structure entered the stone statue's life core and ignited its fire of wisdom.

The stone statue's telepathy began to become lively. It had the innocence and curiosity of a newborn baby.Polina did not waste any time. She immediately began to carefully construct the spell model according to the description in Secondary Taming Contract.According to Mister Aise's description, the key to a taming contract was the Taming Mark. Without the mark, it could only be a normal master-servant contract.The key to the Taming Mark was the entanglement of the two parties' power of the will to form a double helix structure. Then, this structure would be embedded into the spell model and cast the spell.Polina carefully maintained the spell model and guided the stone statue to release its immature power of the will to form a double helix structure with her own power of the will. Then, she carefully embedded the power of the will into the spell model.With the activation of the spell model, a double helix structure of a secondary taming mark appeared on the stone statue's life core. Now, Polina officially had a taming contract."You're my taming contract, aren't you happy Stone Statue?"Polina said to the confused Stone Statue with a big smile on her face.The Stone Statue felt Polina's joy through telepathy. It also nodded happily and made a crunching sound.The magic castle's west tower, the third floor of the laboratory.On top of the complex magic circle, Aise was concentrating on sensing. The ahoge on top of his head was constantly swaying with his senses. On top of the magic circle, there were several low-level monsters that had just died.Since it was his first experiment, Aise did not put in too strong a sacrifice."Sacrifice, non-directional communication, contract, summon!"As he spoke, magic power poured into the compound magic circle one by one. It shone faintly. Soon, the monsters on the magic circle turned into mist and disappeared without a trace.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login