Report
                            
                            After another two days, Ace finally arrived at a place where there were signs of human habitation. It was a dilapidated Demon Hunter camp.In the scan of the first-circle spell "Sense", there were only three people in the entire camp with a faint white light on their bodies. As long as the other party did not have any concealing authority, it meant that there were only three ordinary God's Missionaries in the camp.Aise cautiously sent a doppelganger to investigate. After making sure there was no problem, he quietly controlled a few demon hunters and figured out the basic situation."So this is the edge of the Salia Forest in the northern part of the City-state of Milne. I didn't teleport too far. But I didn't expect the Fire Thieves Union to not only not disappear, but also do something big. "Aise, who was wearing a Milne-style demon hunter costume, quietly left the shabby camp after getting the information.In Milne, the actions of the Punishers were almost open. Any mortal who tried to touch the taboo of the supernatural would be reaped by the Punishers.Since the defeat of the Fire Thieves Union, there were almost no mortal organizations in Milne who dared to study the supernatural. Until more than 20 years ago, a group of horse riders wandered here from somewhere and called themselves knights. They were very active for a time.Later, the Punishers found out where the horse riders lived in seclusion and wiped them out.Even the once sacred land of mathematics, Bidard Academy, was forced to close. The five states in the north of Salia once had a wave of persecution and trial of scholars. The atmosphere in the whole north was far different from what Nicholas described in his diary.Aise walked in a small town called Forest Town. The sentries here were not so strict, and the demon hunters often came and went. Aise easily disguised himself as a team of demon hunters and blended in.The ink on the notice board in the town hall was still fresh.It described the characteristics of the blasphemers in detail and warned people."Stiff steel body, thunder-like roar, soul sold to the devil, stealing the power of the gods through blasphemy. Tsk tsk."Aise looked at the description and sighed softly. The Fire Thieves Union had taken a very different path from the wizards. The wizards of the Tower had taken the path of freedom, while the Fire Thieves Union seemed to have completely learned from the previous civilization, taking the path of steam machines.The reason why the Fire Thieves Alliance was wanted was because they had done something big.They ambushed the Crown Prince of the City-state, Urinas Mieren, a strong supporter of the Punisher Organization.They were well prepared. Urinus died on the spot, and the Fire Thieves Union left behind a flame mark and a message.

"The scythe did not bleed the Fire Stealers dry. We are back. The war has just begun!"At this time, the northern states had just been in a stalemate with the southern lava demons when they were stabbed in the back by the Fire Stealers. They were furious. After many confrontations and thorough searches, they roughly confirmed that the Fire Stealers Union was hiding somewhere in the Salya Forest.However, the encounter with Aise made them think that there was an ambush, so they hurriedly retreated."At this time of the year, not only Mieren, but also all the cities in the northern City-state would be heavily guarded. I hope that the branches of the City-state would be safe.Since there are heroes with the power of perception, maybe they can find the underground wizard organization. "Aise left Forest Town with a worried heart. Not far from Mieren City, he set up a magic signal transmitter. As long as there was a wizard apprentice with a magic book in the range of the signal, they would receive a warning from Aise.After doing all this, Aise returned to the Salya Forest. There were many monsters, magic plants, and many natural phenomena with magic power. In Aise's eyes, this was a place of natural wealth.As for the Fire Thieves and the Punishers, as long as he was careful, he believed that with the power of the book spirit, he could live here for the rest of his life.The Salya Forest was especially quiet at night. The silver moon was hanging high in the sky. According to the legends, the main god of the Titans, the Goddess of the Moon, Alte, was the moon itself, and she ruled the night sky.This kind of night was like a fish in water to Ace. He transformed into a shadow and quickly shuttled through the forest, controlling the shadow crows to flash from time to time, familiarizing himself with the spatial coordinates and short-distance space jumps.A tiger-shaped monster was sleeping soundly. Suddenly, it felt a chill on its back. It instantly stood up, and its shadow appeared.The ground around it suddenly sank and hardened into a solid hollow stone ball, trapping it inside.The tiger monster roared and spat out flames from its mouth, intending to shatter the hollow stone sphere. Who would have thought that the runes on the space stone sphere would flicker, and a bone-piercing chill and cold wind would attack, extinguishing the flames the tiger spat out in an instant.A few seconds later, the inside of the stone ball turned into a big ice coffin. The tiger-shaped monster was frozen inside and slowly lost its vitality.Aise skinned the tiger-shaped monster, engraved the fixed runes of gourmet magic, added fragrant green lotus leaves, and braised the tiger in the stone ball with flames.

"This magic-like tiger is not bad, but it's a bit chewy. Oh my god, it's also naturally hot."Aise smacked his tongue as he chewed the tiger meat. This tiger had the power of fire, so its meat was not only chewy, but also spicy.The spiciness exploded in his mouth and stomach, turning into a little vitality that nourished his body, making Aise feel both pain and pleasure.At this moment, a few wolf howls attracted Aise's attention.He wolfed down the rest of the meat and felt the vitality in his body. He turned into a shadow and moved in the direction of the howls.It was a full moon tonight. Legend said that the power of the moon would reach its peak on this day.Aise moved to a hill in the form of a shadow and saw an unbelievable beautiful scene.More than thirty snow-white wolves, each as tall as a person, stood on the side of the hill facing the full moon and howled devoutly at the moon.Yes, the pious howl, or rather, the solemn howl, was not unconscious. Instead, it was a long howl with a sense of rhythm, etiquette, and mystery!Ace, who had turned into a shadow, stared blankly at everything in front of him. Something incredible happened. The bright silver light of the full moon seemed to be moved by the howls of the white wolves. It actually slowly gathered around them from the night sky.Aise exited the shadow state and activated Perception.In his vision, he could clearly see the scattered silver light of the full moon being gathered by the wolves. This silver light was dyed and condensed into a unique silver ball of magic power, as bright as the moonlight.The wolf pack gently swallowed the silver ball of light. In Ace's Insight, the silver light entered their bodies and slowly bloomed. It actually increased the strength of their bodies and souls.In a flash, Aise recalled a travelogue of an ancient civilization that he had read."These wolf-type monsters have snow-white fur … They gather every full moon … With a long howl, they actually draw some mysterious power of the moon … I call them moon-worshipping wolves …"
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login