Report
                            
                            The mirror clone could not help but feel his scalp tingle as he looked at the increasing number of demonic creatures outside the city walls.Not long after the fleet left, the monster attacks in the territory became more frequent. The mirror image ordered Anzesta to organize a flintlock team to attack immediately. The strength of the scattered soldiers was good, and together with the cannon, they killed the attacking monsters with almost no casualties.However, as the activities of the magical creatures became more active, more and more magical creature attacks occurred. The flintlock team also suffered casualties. The mirror image made a prompt decision and recalled everyone back into the city. He organized the apprentices to speed up the production of flintlocks and rifled steel cannons. He also added a flintlock militia team as a combat force to defend the city.His mirror image clone sighed heavily as he looked at the demons outside the city who were fighting each other with bloodshot eyes. He muttered to himself, "That's right."Let's hurry. We've only managed to train five hundred of the militia. If the number of demons continues to increase, I'm afraid we'll have to turn everyone into soldiers! Fortunately, we have stored a large amount of charcoal, saltpeter, and sulfur. It should be enough. "The mirror image continued to look at the daemons and thought uneasily, "The state of the daemons is very abnormal. Although they are only beasts and most of them do not have the intelligence of humans, this kind of reckless killing and bloodthirst is abnormal. I need to catch some daemons to study the reason why they suddenly became bloodthirsty."The mirror doppelganger had Anzesta lead the soldiers and militia to continue patrolling the city walls. He then prepared to use Blink to fly down the city walls. Soon, he caught five red-eyed monsters with the Mana Crystal Cages.He brought the monster to the castle of the magic school and imprisoned it in the west tower.At this moment, Bayern sent him a message through the spellbook outside the tower. He had something important to report.As soon as Bayern entered the West Tower, he bowed to "Sharp" and said, "I'm sorry."Lord Sharp, there have been a lot of strange fights in the city recently, and many of them are group fights.I found that when they were fighting, they would become extremely excited, lose control of their emotions, and become extremely violent. I have already locked these people up. After observing them, their eyes would flash red from time to time. Every time the red light flashed, they would become extremely manic! "The mirror image said to Bayern, "These situations seem to be somewhat similar to the demonic creatures?"Bayern nodded and said, "Your judgment is correct, my lord. Perhaps it is some kind of similar mechanism. Perhaps we can study this mechanism and find the reason why the monsters suddenly became violent collectively.

In addition, I visited many barbarian families and asked the local elders. The barbarians called this kind of collective attack by demons the Demon Wave.Legend has it that it happens once every few decades and lasts for nearly a month. When the night of Waning Moon arrives, the Demon Wave will enter its most dangerous period. Not only will the Demon Beasts attack each other in large numbers, but even more terrifying is that the humans will also go crazy. "At this moment, Leon and the other government officials were listening to an old barbarian saying something."The night of the waning moon is the most terrifying time of the demon tide. Everyone must hide, hold their breath, control their emotions, and control their distracting thoughts to prevent themselves from being infected by the demon tide and falling into madness!"Leon frowned and said, "I remember that the wizard apprentices have a spell that can help people suppress their emotions and keep their sanity. Perhaps …"Back in the magic school castle, Bayern said to Sharp, "I suspect that the situation this time is similar to what we encountered last time in the Lal Mountains. At that time, the apprentices also suddenly went crazy. Thanks to Mr. Aise's spell, everyone calmed down and avoided the tragedy."Of course, the doppelganger remembered that Ace, who was beside the apprentice at that time, was him. He said to Bayern in a serious tone, "Bring all the imprisoned people with red light in their eyes here. We have to use monsters to observe them. If the situation is confirmed to be the same!"There was a hint of vigilance and worry in the mirror image's eyes. He thought of the North Region which had been transformed into the abyss and continued, "It means that we are all likely to be affected by the demon tide."Soon, Bayern brought all the prisoners to the mirror image. The mirror image locked them up together with the corresponding demons and began to record. Day after day, more and more notes were recorded in the mirror image's magic diary."It has been confirmed that both daemons and humans would be affected by the Mana Tide, but humans would be less affected. If they could remain calm and control their distracting thoughts, humans could resist the red light flashing in their eyes to a certain extent.After many experiments, we found that Secondary Mechanized Mind and Tranquilization can help both humans and monsters resist the influence of mania effectively. Perhaps we can construct a ritual to enhance everyone in the city with the effect of Mechanized Mind. I hope that the original body can come back soon. Without the help of the book spirit, it will be very difficult to complete in a short time.According to the prisoners, when the red light flashed, they seemed to hear some kind of violent whisper, which made them go crazy. It's similar to the original body. I'm more and more certain that there's a source of pollution in the Lal Mountains.

It's said that a terrible demon's skull and flesh were buried in the Lal Mountains. Could it be the demon's influence? "Just as the mirror image finished its summation, a new battle had already begun on the western wall.Carlo skillfully tore open the fixed gunpowder pack with his teeth and quickly poured the granular gunpowder into the barrel of his gun. He saw a monkey-like monster climbing up the parapet wall. Calmly, it used a rod to tamp down the gunpowder, then took out a lead bullet and stuffed it into the barrel of the gun.The monster had already climbed to the top of the wall and was opening its mouth towards him. They were only four meters apart.Carlo grimaced as he watched the monkey-like monster jump and pounce on him. He could clearly smell the stench of the monster's mouth. He poured gunpowder into the gunpowder pool at the back of the gun and pulled the trigger. Sparks flew as the flint collided with a loud bang!Accompanied by a thick smoke, the gas at the bottom of the lead bullet squeezed into the hole and forced the bottom of the bullet to expand. Under the pressure of the rifling, the bullet spun at high speed and flew out of the barrel in an instant!The lead bullet spun out at high speed, forming a standard straight line, disturbing the air, and instantly hit the flying monster, right in the middle of its bloody mouth. The lead bullet easily pierced through the monkey-shaped monster's head, and a mist of blood filled the air.The monster's blood-red eyes quickly lost their luster and fell from the wall powerlessly. After killing the monster, Carlo spat hard and retreated with standard military steps. The soldiers behind him were ready, raising their muskets and stepping forward.Unlike muskets, muskets were much more accurate. The mirror image had added crosshairs to their muskets and cannons, making it easier for the soldiers to kill and injure monsters within 200 meters.However, there were too many monsters, and there were always some that slipped through the net and rushed to the city wall. Anzesta took out his long sword and killed monsters back and forth on the city wall until late at night, when he finally repelled this wave of monsters that had lost their rationality.At this time, Aise led the fleet to the port.Standing at the top of the magic ship's mast, Aise activated the soul spell "Ultrasonic Search and Perception" and found that the port area and the paved road were empty. There were only some monsters with red eyes fighting and biting each other.Aise ordered the Knowledge Seeker and other ships to stop. He used the instantaneous flash to first fly into the air of the port area, then activated the secondary spell "Air Cushion" and slowly descended.As soon as he stood on the ground, Aise suddenly felt his whole body and soul tremble. His eyes suddenly became red.


                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login