Report
                            
                            The mirror image saw that Aise had stopped writing. He took out the magic book, scanned the article, and stored it on the fifth page of the magic diary."Main body, I already have a basic framework for the research on magic items that resist whispers. However, I'm in a difficult position when it comes to the strengthening of the will.The wills of two of our adepts have excellent resistance to mind control. Perhaps we can try to study their hidden secrets. "Aise stood up and turned the magic book into a book-shaped ring. He put it on his left index finger and smiled at the mirror image."This idea is possible, but these two knights are our own. It's best if we can guide them to ask us to study them.According to the records in the magic book, after a knight forms his Heart Force, his heart forms a unique rune structure. His entire body's inherent magic also transforms into Heart Force. Their meditation techniques don't seem to be suitable, and many spells can't be cast. Perhaps we can start from this aspect and guide them to seek help from us. "The mirror image's expressionless face showed a trace of a smile. He said to Aise, "We can slowly guide them when we test the results of their training."Aise looked at the mirror image and said, "Yes.And I plan to do some experiments on the meditation techniques. It just so happens that I need them. Other than that, although the tower hasn't been built yet, it's necessary to build a wizard school. We need to prepare the teaching materials for the first grade for five years of ordinary apprentices.The first grade's curriculum mainly consists of five courses: logic, elementary mathematics, the art of language, secondary meditation techniques, and secondary runes.Bayern can be the mathematics teacher, Dana can be the logic teacher, and a citizen of the City-state can be the language teacher. The rest of the secondary meditation techniques and runes will be taught separately by us. "The next day, Aise summoned Betty's father, Leon, the temporary chief administrative officer of the territory's government office. He was going to let Leon choose an empty space in the planned town to be the location of the wizard school in the future, and he was going to select an excellent language teacher.The tower wasn't something that could be built with the current level of manpower and magic, but the education of the apprentices couldn't be delayed.Leon carefully observed the road and the surroundings. He walked very slowly, very carefully and vigilantly. He had arrived at Aise's residence early in the morning. He was dressed appropriately and looked like a gentleman. There was no trace of the mess he had been in a few days ago.When he saw Aise, he bowed politely and slowly at a forty-five degree angle.

"Honorable Lifetime Governor, the reclamation of our territory has been completed. We are now following your 'Five-Year Development Outline of Aise Manor' to build water conservancy facilities, build toilets, and organize people to collect human and animal feces for composting.Due to the lack of ironware, we have organized a mining team to go to the north to mine iron, but because of the monsters, we lost seven or eight people, and the mining work has come to a standstill.I wonder if you can send your noble Apprentice Adepts to clean up the demons or protect the mining team? "Ace listened to Leon's report and frowned. He had been too engrossed in his experiments during this period and had neglected the development of the territory. The monsters in the valley were also things that had to be dealt with. He said:He said, "I understand. Don't organize a mining team to go to the north in the near future. Wait until I organize the Apprentice Adepts to clean up the northern mining area and the demons along the way.In addition, there are two more things.First, you have to open up an open space in the town's planning. The area should be larger and farther away from the central area and the residential area. This open space will be used to build the future magic school.Second, you have to select a person who is proficient in 'Mythology' and 'History' and has experience in teaching students to be the language teacher of the magic school. "Leon nodded with a steady look and said, "Yes, Lifetime Governor."He was cheering in his heart. Aise did not look down on him because of the previous incident. Not only did he listen to his advice, but he also handed over the matter of the magic school to him. This made him very excited.As he retreated, he thought to himself, 'My performance today was perfect. I've avoided all the pebbles, bent down very slowly, and dressed appropriately. The consul must have seen that I'm the real me today. I'm mature, steady, intelligent, and responsible at the same time!'I can finally regain my social status in the territory and take back my family status. Maybe I can learn magic and reach a new peak in my life!Just as Leon relaxed, he walked out of Ace's residence and arrived at a construction site in the settlement. Suddenly, he heard a series of exclamations."Dodge it! Dodge it!"He looked back and saw a log that needed two people to wrap their arms around it rolling towards him. Leon did not have time to think. He hurriedly rolled and crawled to avoid it. Finally, he jumped onto the log at the last moment. After stepping on the log for a few times, he fell to the ground and fell on his butt.

He covered his butt and got up in embarrassment. Looking at the barbarians who were working, he said angrily, "This is dereliction of duty! There is no dinner for tonight! "Leon limped as he walked. He covered his buttocks and ignored the sorrowful barbarians. He was glad that Master Ace didn't see him. Since he wasn't seen, it wasn't shameful. He was still a mature, steady, intelligent, and responsible administrative officer!On the other side, Aise had already discovered all this through his perception. He thought for a while and did not go out.He thought to himself, "Leon is a capable person, but he is a little unfortunate. I'd better leave him some dignity and pretend that I don't know."The next day, Leon brought a short old man who was about fifty years old. He wore a big hat and a gray robe. He came to Aise's house. The old man had small eyes, but they were very spirited.Aise's first impression of an old man who looked smart and capable."Honorable governor, these three locations have been chosen for the magic school. Please decide on the final location." Leon did not look like he was in a mess yesterday. He took out a parchment town plan and seriously introduced the similarities and differences of the three locations to Aise.Aise roughly asked him about the differences between the locations and chose an open space on the west side of the valley near the forest as the location of the magic school.He said to Leon, "You don't have to worry about the construction of the magic school. My apprentices have been idle for too long. I'm going to let them move around. It's a good idea to use magic to build our own school."Leon had no objection to this. He had already planned to build the magic school even if he had to stop the other projects. When he heard that he did not have to worry about it, Leon was naturally very happy to free up a lot of manpower.Although he was happy, he still said calmly, "This is Logan, the scholar of the Northern Fortress. He has rich teaching experience and is proficient in language arts, barbarian literature, and magic books."