Report
                            
                            It was already summer, and it had been a few months since the banquet in the castle. The continuous torrential rain washed over the entire territory of the Wizard Tower. The gentle Runguang River gradually became violent in this torrential rain. Along with the surging flood, it crashed into the newly born Luminous City.The entire Luminous City had become a flooded country in just one night. Aise led his apprentices and tried their best to divert the water from the river with water element magic. However, it still inevitably caused losses.The farmland outside the city was cut off from the river in time. The apprentices braved the rain and built a dam near the farm, successfully protecting the grain harvest in this heavy rain.Aise stood beside the dam and looked at the surging flood. His mind was full of thoughts.Fortunately, the entire Luminous City was located on relatively high ground. As long as the storm subsided, the water would slowly recede. However, this was not a feasible plan. If the city was flooded every year due to the heavy rain, wouldn't the trouble be endless?It must be completely solved! After a large number of people gathered together, water had become a big problem. Aise had made up his mind to build a water and drainage system for the Luminous City.He did not plan to go beyond the current situation and build a modern water and drainage system. As early as in his previous life, the developed water and drainage systems of ancient Rome were already world-famous.The technology level of the mortals in this world was also comparable to the technology level of ancient Rome. Building a magnificent and complete classical water and drainage system was not a technical problem.After the storm, Aise organized his apprentices to dig upstream. The Runguang River only had four tributaries in the entire valley. There was no lake in the middle.After a few days of investigation, Aise finally chose a higher section of the river where all four tributaries converged. They would use secondary fossils to excavate a large artificial reservoir.This reservoir would be used to store water during heavy rain, to store water for irrigation during normal times, to supply water to the city through the aqueduct, and to open the sluice gate to release water during dry periods.This was a huge project. If it were not for the magic construction team formed by the apprentices, according to the reality and productivity of this world, heroes would never be able to do such a menial job.Even if there were tens of thousands of mortals, it would still take two to three years to complete the complex and complete water storage, water supply, and drainage projects such as reservoirs, aqueduct systems, drainage systems, and piping systems under the design and calculation of excellent scholars.The construction method of the Magic Construction Team was completely different from the past, and also different from his previous life. Aise instructed the apprentices to turn the soil on both sides of the river into solid stones. After ensuring that the river could flow normally, they softened the soil around the river with Secondary Petrification.

Dana skillfully used the Magic Crystal Shaping Spell to create digging tools, and quickly emptied the soil in her construction area.The other apprentices exchanged their points for Dana's technique through magic books. They also used the same technique as Dana's. The construction was fast, and it was estimated that it would be completed in another two days.Aise opened up a new point exchange function. Social practice points and combat practice points could be exchanged for another type of point at a ratio of two to one. Even if the apprentices only did social practice, they could still earn enough points to advance to a higher level.Dana also obtained a large amount of points from the exchange of her Magic Crystal Shaping Spell, which was far more than what she needed to advance to a higher level. She was getting closer and closer to the required points for graduation.After about three days, the apprentices, under Aise's lead, had dug out a huge hole with a water storage of more than a hundred million cubic meters.Carloso was skillfully using Mud to Stone to produce bricks. This spell was the one he used most frequently in the past six months, and it was also the one most frequently used by most of the apprentices.While Carloso was producing bricks, Dana slowly walked up to him. Her expression was solemn and somewhat appreciative as she said, "Don't worry."Carloso, we are going to build a semicircular dam that is fifty meters tall and three hundred meters long. Because of your outstanding performance in the construction of the wall, I recommended you to Lord Aise to be in charge of one of the sections. Follow me. "After hearing Dana's words, the skinny Carloso turned the last brick in his hand into a brick and followed Dana.If someone were to look down from the sky, they would find that the valley where the Wizard Tower's territory was located was high in the northwest and low in the southeast. The whole valley was like a fan, widening towards the southeast. Most of the plains were in the southeast.Aise's location for the reservoir was right between the mountains and the valley. The terrain dropped sharply from here, making it a good location to build a reservoir.Because of Dana's recent good performance and leadership, Aise appointed her to be in charge of the construction of the dam.Under her leadership, the apprentices used about a month to successfully build a giant stone dam that was fifty meters tall, three hundred meters long, and ten meters thick. They also piled up a large amount of soil on both sides of the stone dam, increasing the thickness to nearly thirty meters.

In front of the dam was a 50-meter-long sluice gate with a total of thirty pairs of sluice gates. The sluice gates were made of specially made magic iron with reinforcement runes engraved on them. They were also connected to the pulleys on the dam with iron chains.After the dam was completed, Aise led the apprentices to cast a spell and turned the solidified stones on both sides of the river into loose soil. The uncontrolled river water quickly broke through the original river bank and slowly spread to the entire reservoir.Aise entrusted Dana to continue leading some of the apprentices to build five arched aqueducts to divert the water from the reservoir to the city. He then returned to Luminous City and summoned the chief administrative officer, Leon."Leon, you're in charge of arranging the manpower to manage the water storage, flood discharge, and water supply of the reservoir. I'll send some apprentices to protect it. This reservoir is our most important water conservancy facility, so we must choose reliable people."After arranging the work for Leon, Aise did not continue to pay attention to it. He summoned Betty and asked her to be in charge of the construction of the water supply and drainage network in the city.Betty's performance in the mining area was good, so Aise planned to continue to give her important tasks to train and improve her.As the leader of an organization, Aise needed some independent assistants, so he seized the opportunity to train them as much as possible.Aise did not plan to build a metal water supply pipeline. Not only was it expensive, but there was also no material similar to chromium in his previous life, so he could not make stainless steel. The metal pipeline had a lot of hidden dangers. He planned to replace it with a network of stone pipes that had been strengthened by the Stone to Mud spell.As long as the water supply and drainage network could supply water to the water distribution towers in every street and drain the water through the underground stone pipe network to the Runguang River, the project could be considered a success.