Report
                            
                            Bayern stole Anazir's die and attracted the murloc priests and half-mermaid priests to hunt him down.Although he didn't know how to use Anazir's die, Bayern relied on the die's magical instincts and danger warnings to escape from the encirclement. He mixed into Borg's caravan and finally came to the north.Ever since he obtained this magical die, he spent almost all his energy on studying and analyzing it. The three-dimensional rune structure contained in it was too complex and abstruse. He still couldn't fully observe it. He could only peek at the rune structure at the edge. Unfortunately, this kind of peek was like looking at a flower in the fog. He couldn't analyze it at all.Now that the magic book had been updated, there was an additional auxiliary research function. Through this function, Bayern copied part of the soul runes and tried to degrade them himself.He was sure that once he succeeded, he would have a series of new methods.On the other side, in the underground magic laboratory of the Stronghold Hospital, basement one.Mirror image Aise stood beside a huge rune glass ball and quietly peeked at Bayern. The magic book had already recorded Bayern's gains. With the update of the data, Aise also gained a lot.The water elemental runes and related spells, as well as the partial analysis of the magical die, were all great gains. Bayern attached great importance to the die and hadn't studied the water elemental runes for a long time. However, in Aise's opinion, these runes had great potential and were worth reverse-engineering their soul runes.For example, the pressure rune and the density rune might be able to develop a high-speed cutting high-pressure water gun. If the cut could be made as thin as possible, a thin line might be able to easily kill the opponent.This was the influence of the difference in knowledge structure. Bayern's intelligence was not necessarily inferior to Aise's. Because of his age, he might even be wiser than Aise.However, Bayern's knowledge structure was too simple. Although he had the correct research method, he still couldn't figure out how to use the secondary pressure rune. Therefore, he focused on the development of the secondary density rune.Mirror image Aise didn't study the Secondary Pressure Rune first. Instead, he studied the Secondary Nourishment Rune that Bayern had neglected. It was a very interesting rune.Bayern had discovered a type of seahorse monster that could spit out godly bubbles to restore the health of the injured. He had obtained this rune after dissecting the seahorse. This type of rune was purely restorative and was placed at the end of the research sequence by Bayern.Due to various reasons, Bayern did not delve into the usage of this rune.As for the nourishment rune of the water element series, Mirror Aise tested the simple spell model of the secondary water element + nourishment combination.

He injured the bodies of a few monsters on the outside, and used Dana's Iron Fist School to injure the other monsters internally, and then treated them. The effect was remarkable.After about three or four times, the demons had basically recovered."This effect is much stronger than the 'Magic Trick' spell. Next, let's try the soul."After Mirror image Aise finished speaking, he cast the secondary spell "Spirit Shock." The few monsters that had just been running and jumping around were instantly dispirited and bleeding from their orifices. They looked at Aise with fear in their eyes.Mirror image Aise's expression didn't change. He continued to cast the simple water element + nourishment spell model. After about six times, the few monsters recovered, but their eyes were still full of fear.He did the same thing and experimented on the plant-type monsters. He found that nourishment could not only restore the damage, but also accelerate the growth of the plants."This nourishment rune has great potential. It has extremely strong recovery and growth effects. It can be used on the body and the soul. If it is supplemented with the corresponding casting materials, such as purified soul powder, it may greatly accelerate the recovery of the soul of the main body. "Mirror image Aise speculated. He then reassembled the rune structure and added secondary support runes. After several adjustments, it took about a day for Aise to easily develop a mature and powerful secondary spell."This spell, let's call it 'Secondary Powerful Nourishment.'"Mirror image Aise played with his fingers and said softly.This was the result of his mathematical skills, experience, and the help of the book spirit. There were nearly a thousand types of secondary runes and tens of thousands of their effective combinations. Among them, there were nearly a thousand mature spell models that had better effects.The magic book's spirit imprint network's deduction was more mechanical and had a lot of flaws. It couldn't be compared with the wizard's own creation, but it was better in terms of quantity.This was the source of Ace's confidence. The enchantment apprentices quickly spread out, and in a short period of time, they collected and combined the Spirit Imprint Network with the deduction of spells, deducing nearly a thousand extremely rich secondary spell model libraries.These secondary spell models were the solid foundation of future Magi organizations. Their existence would ensure that every intelligent and hardworking acolyte would be able to survive the initial stage with complex and ever-changing spells."Today, Bayern's arrival has filled the gap in the water elemental series runes, making the entire secondary spell library more abundant.""Such a rich harvest came at a great cost. More than six hundred enchantment apprentices were quickly discovered by the City-state after quickly collecting information on monsters and runes in the northern region and parts of the Ural Mountain Range. They were annihilated."

"Only a few dozen of them were left. Under the leadership of Dana, they fought a difficult guerrilla war near the Ural Mountain Range.""However, your sacrifice was worth it. Without your contribution and sacrifice, the wizard organization would not have risen. We will remember you and avenge you!"He looked at the glass ball that was densely covered with runes. Images appeared on it.There were less than a hundred academic-type sorcerer-apprentices in the fortress. Due to the strict contract, the losses were relatively small. Through the learning and examination module, they had already successfully learned basic logic and elementary mathematics. They had even formed an apprentice gathering in the same research direction (hobby direction)."Perhaps, like Bayern, you have already guessed who the Firebringer is. Yes, I, Aise, am the torch, the light in the long night, the common mentor of all the apprentices! ""As the seed of fire, you will undergo a trial with the remaining enchantment apprentices. Only those who pass the trial will have the qualifications to join the real wizard organization.""We will become one and walk together on the path of exploring the truth of the supernatural world."The mirror image of Aise opened his arms in front of the runic glass ball and passionately spat out every word.As an amalgamation of Aise, the mirror image bore the burden of emotions. He could not forget the scene of those apprentices being brutally murdered. One day, he would seek justice."I must be careful at all times and not expose myself. I need a messenger to help me guide everyone. Bayern may be the best choice. Now, let's find the original body and experiment with the Secondary Strong Nourishment spell after adding the casting materials and soul powder. Let's see the effect. "The mirror image of Aise turned and entered the mechanical magic staircase, going deep into the underground magic laboratory.