Report
                            
                            It was a wonderful feeling. Aise didn't feel like they were looking at each other. Instead, it felt like they were reunited and happy."So this is the true self. This is the most important part of the soul, the truesoul."Aise's spirit was completely absorbed by the giant the moment he opened his eyes. He became a giant in an instant, and the giant became him.Or rather, he was originally this giant because this was his truesoul."The Secret Soul Space looks big, but it's all just an illusion. The entire space is actually very small. That's why the truesoul that looked small from the outside actually became a giant here."The giant said with a buzzing sound. He sat down on hundreds of 0-ring runes. Six 1-ring spell models and dozens of 0-ring spell models revolved around him. They vibrated slightly as if they were welcoming his arrival.He looked up at the chaos above his head and gradually understood the experience of the truesoul."The so-called Path of the Soul is actually the path of the truesoul. The Secret Soul Space is the moment when one becomes an advanced apprentice. The truesoul enters the treasure of the soul and opens up a small independent illusory space between reality and illusion.When I become a first-rank life form, I inject my life force into the illusory space. The illusory space begins to become real, and my truesoul is the creator of this space.This is the embryonic form of the Soul World. If I can reach the level of a god in the future, this will be the embryonic form of the demiplane and sub-plane.The truesoul is the creator of this embryonic form. When I saw the truesoul and fused with it, I truly understood and controlled the Secret Soul Space. "If the crystal dragon knew that Aise had accidentally seen the truesoul and fused with it when he was only a first-rank life form, it would probably be rolling on the ground in envy.It had almost died to see the truesoul and become a demigod, but Aise had done it when he was only a first-rank life form.The truesoul would appear before the embryonic form of the Soul World or Soul World was born, but it didn't have any special use at that time.When the embryonic form of the Soul World or Soul World was born, the truesoul would act as the creator of the Soul World and have all the authority to hide.As one's Soul World improved, this concealment would become deeper and deeper. Whoever could see the True Spirit would have a higher chance of reaching the Demigod Realm.The path of wizardry and magic that Aise had opened up was too unique. When he was at the peak of Level-0, he had used the laws of this world to manifest and created a Secret Soul Space, which was an incomplete Soul World prototype.

Then, he used the Contract Chain of this world to find the unknown True Spirit hidden in the Secret Chamber of Souls. All of this was a coincidence.If it weren't for the laws of this world, Level 0 lifeforms wouldn't have had the chance to come into contact with the traces of the laws. If it weren't for the fact that this world was young and rich in mana, even if they traced the traces of the laws, they wouldn't have been able to trigger mana.More importantly, Aise had experienced an epiphany and coincidentally created a Secret Soul Space, stepping onto the path of the soul ahead of time.Even if one looked at the nearby world groups, this was an extremely low probability event.Seeing the True Spirit, the Secret Soul Space that was full of vitality seemed to be cheering. Aise controlled the True Spirit to enter the chaotic top of the Secret Soul Space.This was where the small Soul Space communicated with the outside world. This was where the Soul Space communicated with the human body. The three bodies converged into one, and the illusory and the real were transformed. This was the interlayer.The True Spirit was hidden inside again, but as long as Aise wanted, he could let the True Spirit enter the Secret Soul Space at any time.Now, Aise still couldn't understand the benefits of freely controlling the embryonic form of the Soul World. He opened his eyes and felt that he was very different, but he couldn't pinpoint where this difference was.No matter what, I've found my True Spirit and understood how the Secret Soul Space (Embryonic Soul World) was created. I've answered another question on the path of magic.He got up and walked to the storage room, took out the sealed Mask of Pain, and observed it under the magic microscope. He found that the tiny Bender had disappeared, leaving behind a weak Flame of Pain that could be extinguished at any time.Could it be that it was completely burned by the Flame of Emotion and disappeared without a trace?With a stomach full of doubts, Aise came to the prison room, picked up the dying Faceless, and brought him to the laboratory to study.After seeing the True Spirit, Aise's perception had been greatly improved. He keenly discovered that Faceless was different from ordinary people.In his perception, Faceless' soul was in tatters. Aise couldn't find the True Spirit, only a weak Flame of Pain.A life without a True Spirit? Is his soul complete in such a situation? Is he still himself? "After seeing the True Spirit, Aise already knew the importance of the True Spirit. The True Spirit was the key to the soul. A soul without the True Spirit was just an incomplete soul and obsession, and it was very difficult for it to live forever.

The Flame of Pain seems to have replaced part of the True Spirit's function, but how can this Flame of Emotion provide endless support like the True Spirit without firewood? Firewood?Holding the Mask of Pain, Aise looked at the mask and then at the Faceless, as if he had thought of something.He pressed the mask on the weak Faceless' face. The expression of the mask was like a stone sculpture, and it had lost its original liveliness. Even with the mask on the Faceless' face, the Believer of Pain was still extremely weak.In Aise's perception, the weak flame in the Mask of Pain and the weak flame in the Believer of Pain's remnant soul seemed to be resonating.As the resonance continued, Aise saw an unclear trajectory flash by, and the flame in the mask gradually became the same as the flame in the Believer of Pain's remnant soul.Aise turned around and took out the True Spirit of the condemned slave that he had just sealed. Holding it with the Hand of Magic, he put it in front of the weak Believer of Pain's Mask of Pain.Suddenly, the two weak Flames of Pain suddenly burst into flames, as if they had encountered a delicacy. The Wailing Claws suddenly emerged from the Mask of Pain and grabbed the True Spirit held by the Hand of Magic.In an instant, the True Spirit with some holy light appeared in the cage of the Mask of Pain. The tiny holy Half-Mermaid was firmly bound by the rope formed by the Touch of Pain. The Flame of Pain burned the True Spirit, and the Half-Mermaid's painful expression gradually appeared on the Mask of Pain.The weakness of the Believer of Pain imprisoned by Aise gradually disappeared, and the soul became more solid. Aise's eyes gradually opened."I see. A remnant soul that has lost its True Spirit relies on burning the True Spirits of other creatures to strengthen the Flame of Pain, and relies on the burning of the Flame of Pain to maintain the existence of the remnant soul.Legend has it that those who believe in the devil will sell their souls to the devil in exchange for supernatural power.Mortals don't understand the truth. In fact, when they make a deal with the devil, what they sell is their True Spirit. From the moment they make a deal with the devil, the devil's believer's ego has already died, and what's left is only a remnant that the devil plays with. "
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login