Report
                            
                            "They're just small trinkets. They're not worth much. Donna, you should learn from Betty. Can't you be a proper lady? "Borg looked at the polite and dignified Betty and said enviously.Donna curled her lips. She had seen how "ladylike" Betty was and didn't want to comment on it.Betty's flat chest was pinned with a corsage that had transformed from a magic book. She suppressed her unrestrained mood and bowed to the people present. "I haven't seen Donna in a long time. I want to go to the room and talk to her.""Go, and remember to treat Donna well." The chief administrative officer waved his hand majestically and then asked Borg to sit down. They talked about the recent situation in the Northern Region.On the other side, Betty took Donna's hand and pulled her into the room. Then she said loudly, "Sister Donna, long time no see. I miss you so much!""Quiet down. Don't you care about your ladylike image? Aren't you afraid of being punished by the chief administrative officer? Also, we were born on the same day! " Donna looked at Betty worriedly and whispered. Behind her, the runes of the one-way soundproof array were shining."Don't worry about that. No one will hear us here. Besides, I was born fifteen minutes earlier than you! "Betty stood on a small stool with her hands on her hips and looked at Donna at the same level.Donna opened her mouth and finally said in a low voice, "Okay, okay. Come down first. Let's talk quietly, okay?"Under Donna's comforting words, Betty got down from the stool and looked up at Donna. "Haven't you always been envious of my ability to move objects through the air? Now you can do it too! ""Really?" Donna and Betty grew up together. When they were about ten years old, Donna discovered Betty's special ability. It was their little secret.Donna had always been envious of Betty's extraordinary ability. She always thought that Betty's family should have some kind of divine bloodline, just like in the romantic epics."Don't think about divine bloodline anymore. I'm a pure mortal. My state is rare. I'm a natural psychic overclocker. It's a very, very unique talent! "Betty happily raised her small hand, drew a big circle, and danced with joy as she spoke."I've prepared a gift for you. Become my junior on the path of magic, and we'll embark on a great adventure together." Before Donna could figure out what was going on, she saw Betty take off the intricate and beautiful corsage from her flat chest and put it in her hand.

The moment the intricate and beautiful corsage touched Donna, Donna's entire body seemed to be fixed in place, and her expression became sluggish.Betty closed her eyes and carefully sensed with her spiritual power. She wanted to observe the process of the magic book contract. From Betty's point of view, in a world of black and white, colorful magic flowed out from the corsage and soon covered Donna's entire body.Then, the magic power gathered in Donna's brain, and the corsage turned into liquid, absorbing part of Donna's spiritual power and blood. Finally, the magic power dissipated, and Donna fainted in Betty's room.At noon, Donna woke up in a daze. Before she could say anything, Betty pinched her nose and poured a large bowl of red and green sticky liquid down her throat."What did you feed me? It's so fishy! "Donna said dizzily and unhappily."The sticky liquid of the Black Gold Toad. It's a magic material discovered by the enchantment apprentices. It has a miraculous effect on healing spiritual injuries!" Betty said with a smile."What … Ugh …"Then, under Betty's guidance, Donna learned how to use the magic book and received the Secondary Permanent Spiritual Blessing, increasing her spiritual power to the state of spiritual overclocking.In the next few days, Donna gradually began to practice the Five Step Meditation Technique. At this time, she met a strange wanderer who kept staring at her in shock.Bayern's sluggard form, New York York, did not stop. He went straight home and continued to meditate and study Anazir's dice. The next day, he changed his appearance and quietly went to Donna's place.Bayern activated Hypervision and followed Donna from afar.This stealth detection spell did not spread magic power, but used a more mysterious connection to find the target. It was very covert.Betty found that Donna's spiritual power had finally reached one unit. After teaching her the Simple Meditation Technique and Magic Missile, she thought of ways to keep Donna at home for a few days. Finally, her spiritual power was enough."Secondary Magic Wave Concealment" did not require points to exchange. Betty let Donna exchange for it and taught her to memorize the rune structure of the spell."Your foundation is too weak. This rune structure is too complicated for you. Even if you memorize it by rote, you won't be able to remember it directly." Betty sighed with her hands on her hips."I'll try harder to memorize it. I'll definitely be able to memorize it!" Donna said with determination. She did not want to be caught because she could not conceal her magic waves."Follow me for a few days. I'll cast spells for you every day. I'll also help you with logic and mathematics! You can study the magic book slowly and make good use of the examination function on page six. "

Betty thought for a moment and said to Donna."Speaking of which, have you ever doubted it? The famous City-state scholar, the missing Aise, 'Logic' and 'Elementary Mathematics' were written by him. Limited by the contract, we can't say these things. It's the same as revealing to us that Aise is at least a wizard. We're hiding it from the public! "Donna said with a frown."It's possible. He might even be the Firebringer. Otherwise, who could develop 'Elementary Mathematics' that is specifically used to study runes? It's useless to think about it. It's possible that the Firebringer is testing us and observing us. ""He must have his reasons for spreading the magic books and developing us apprentices. We just have to wait patiently. No matter what, we're on the same side as him. "Betty laughed and waved her hand.Bayern, who was tailing Donna, found that he had come to the chief administrative officer's villa. He was shocked. He used 'Secondary Magic Sense' to observe that there was a large amount of white light in a room on the second floor."I'm almost sure that there are magic waves in the chief administrative officer's house. I can infer that there's at least one apprentice in his family. I should find a way to meet them."Bayern touched his white beard that didn't exist after the transformation and smiled awkwardly.At night, Bayern's transformed black cat continued to observe the situation in the villa. The duration of Secondary Shapeshifting was relatively short. He had to cast it again every twelve hours. He had just finished casting the spell.The old black cat yawned like a human. When it was about to leave, it found that the window on the second floor of the villa was open."I've already put a hint on my family. They won't wake up before dawn. Let's hurry up. The party is about to start! "