Report
                            
                            Dickens looked at the great hero Moore who was only focused on fighting Alex, and the chill in his heart grew stronger. He had a premonition that this strange blob tentacle monster might be even more terrifying than Alex.He had to escape immediately. Dickens' heart felt like it was being grabbed by something, and he felt extremely worried."Lord Moore, you have to pay attention to that terrifying blob! It seems like something bad is about to happen! "Dickens hesitated for a moment, but he still warned Moore loudly.Moore was already immersed in the battle. He was about to defeat Alex, and had no time to care about anything else. Hearing this, Moore's attack did not change, but became even more ferocious."As long as I defeat Alex, the rest is nothing to worry about. Frost is destined to purify this evil!"With an angry roar, Alex's shadow body was cut in half by Moore's sharp frost blade!The blob tentacle monster had also reached its most bizarre moment. Other than the descendants of gods, there were almost no living people in the city. The smaller blob tentacle monsters rushed into the body of the larger blob tentacle monster, biting and struggling against each other.Countless tentacles with flesh and blood stretched out, attacking the remaining descendants of gods. As long as they were touched, they would be instantly captured and quickly absorbed into the blob for digestion.Eagle Aise looked at the terrifying blob that gradually turned into a mountain of flesh.The ominous and strange spread, and the chaotic sound similar to an invisible whisper also appeared.He patted the book spirit on top of his head, and the book spirit that was about to explode from eating turned into a fat ahoge. This fat ahoge seemed to burp, and then lay down as if it had fallen asleep."I can't stay for long. Those who are insatiable will definitely die. I have to hurry and run!"Eagle Aise flew nimbly in the sky, and after a few turns, he flew in the direction of the Lar Mountain Range.Dickens looked at the bloodline clansmen around him being captured by the blob tentacles one by one, and the fear in his heart reached its peak. He looked at Moore, who was fighting, and gritted his teeth, turned around, and fled."I'm sorry, Lord Moore! In this situation, I can't die here with you. I still have my revenge, and the royal family's kindness. Alex probably won't die so easily. I can't lose my lowly life here! "Dickens whispered to himself, and drove the frost boar away, never to return.The blob tentacle monster absorbed the descendants of Frost, and it began to expand, shrink, expand, and shrink repeatedly.

Boom!After the tumor shrank to its limit, it quickly expanded into a huge mountain of rotten flesh.The rotting flesh mountain stretched out several huge tentacles and attacked Moore directly. It grabbed him out of the sea of frost and lifted him high into the sky.At this moment, the eastern sky had already turned white, and the first ray of sunlight had already spilled onto the human world.A new day had begun at the Northern Fortress. The walls of the fortress, which was built on top of a hill, were mottled and covered in a thick layer of snow. Moss grew under the snow.The interior of the fortress was bright red, and it was incomparably quiet. As the sunlight shone, the bright red gradually dimmed, turning into a dark red scab. In the center of the scab was an ocean of frost, and a huge mountain of flesh stood on it. A few tentacles were raised high, and looking from afar, it was actually level with the sun.The sun shone on the mountain of flesh, and the soft golden light shrouded it. The Night Owl, which was a mirror image of Aise, hovered in the air and looked at the golden mountain of flesh in the fortress. It screeched loudly.The black cat Bayern bit on Anazir's die and sensed the front. It followed the instructions on the magic book and followed the Night Owl forward, guiding the group of wizard apprentices and their families and friends.The weathered knight Anzesta walked at the back. Looking at the group of people moving forward, the corner of his mouth revealed a trace of a smile.Betty's emotions were slightly calmer, but her frown from time to time showed that she had not yet recovered from her emotions. This was the first time she had killed someone, and it was not about justice. It was only about their standpoints, and it was still difficult for her to let go.She put down her parents and Donna's father, raised the giant sword with the mechanical arm, and drove the Apprentice Type I slowly forward.Donna looked at Betty with concern, and kept saying something to Betty, trying to divert her attention. She inadvertently looked back and saw the weathered knight Anzesta.Those melancholy eyes and wavy golden hair were unforgettable for Donna. She looked at Anzesta, who was at the back of the group, and a big smile appeared on her face. Under the early morning sun, the girl who looked back and smiled was so beautiful.Among the group of children from the orphanage, the boy who once fought with Arnaud hesitated for a while, then ran in front of Arnaud and bowed 90 degrees."Thank you, Arnaud. It was your persistence that saved us in the end. I apologize for what I said about your father. You and your father are the same. Both of you have the qualities of a true hero! "

Arnaud looked at the boy who bowed, then looked at Olli and smiled brightly. He reached out his hand and said, "I have the qualities of a true hero, and I will never give up on my companions! Xavier, let the past be the past. I hope we can move forward together in the future. "Xavier looked at Arnaud in surprise. His shiny teeth made Xavier's eyes a little wet. He grabbed Arnaud's outstretched hand and said, "Arnaud! I want to be like you and become a knight who protects everyone! "Arnaud smiled and said, "No problem. As long as you have virtue in your heart, you can become a knight. I'll take you to Uncle Melancholy, but you can't complain!"Aise continued to hover in the sky. They were close to the remaining enchantment apprentices who were fighting at the edge of the Lal Mountain Range.At the edge of the Lal Mountain Range, Dana walked out of the cave she was hiding in and stared blankly at the direction of the Northern Fortress. In the middle of the huge tentacles, there seemed to be a bright light, white and dazzling.Even in the far Lal Mountain Range, Dana felt a little dazzling. It was dawn."Sister Iron Mask, there seems to be a flash of light in the direction of the Northern Fortress."Borina walked out of the cave. She looked young and beautiful, but the mud all over her body ruined her overall beauty."Something must have happened in the Northern Fortress. Maybe those bastards who won't let go of us have to go back."Dana looked at the direction of the Northern Fortress and said with gritted teeth.On the other side, Aise, who had left the Fortress first, came to the signal tower of the Barr Mountain."Let's stay here for a while and wait for the mirror image and Bayern to lead the apprentices to meet up. I need to set up an ambush. Maybe the enemy will come along."The main body, Ace, took out all the remaining incomplete transformation magic glycerin tubes and Wailing Wraith powder. He began to set up the corresponding runic circles, magic circles, and magic patterns in the concave ground in front of Mount Bar.Little by little, the secret magic pattern took shape and turned into magic glycerin tubes that were made of wood, gravel, sand, and other things. A large amount of Wailing Soul Powder seeped into the hollow along the magic pattern. The rhythm of the magic here began to become uneven, and the atmosphere gradually became gloomy."The book spirit's ahoge is still with the mirror image. I can't use his concealment ability to cover this place. It seems that I have to set up the corresponding concealment rune circle after setting up the trap. "

Aise's time was limited, so he became even busier.He carefully replaced the deformed magic glycerin tubes and changed the magic pattern to make room for the new concealment rune circle.In the Northern Fortress, Alex was breathing heavily after surviving the disaster. Half of his body was wriggling and turning into shadow again, directly devouring the other half of his body.Free word count:"My noble paying readers, I've been keeping my promise for the past five days, all for the sake of you who insisted on subscribing!So I'm warning all my freeloaders. I can't do anything about it, but please don't come to my book review section and complain!Paying readers have the right to criticize and make reasonable suggestions about the plot. Freeloaders, please don't come. I don't want to argue with you, but don't annoy me with zero fan points. It's tiring to be banned forever!