Report
                            
                            The Holy Mountain of Kaya was like a blazing sun that shone upon the entire Sea of Unreality. The Abyss, the Underworld, and Hell were all suppressed by its divine power. The secondary planes and half-planes of the gods surrounded it and absorbed it. Countless secondary planes, half-planes, and other dimensions that were born naturally or left behind surrounded it.Just like the Milky Way in Aise's previous life, countless planes and dimensions surrounded the Holy Mountain of Kaya, forming a spiral plane system. At the edge of one of the spiral arms.As the book spirit inadvertently brought the spirit network formed by the souls of the sorcerer-apprentices from the World Inner to the interlayer between reality and illusion, a small bubble instantly bulged. At the same time, a very thin trace of the Originator's aura appeared and gently brushed the small bubble, turning it into a different dimension.The Book Spirit unconsciously brought the souls of the wizard apprentices into the alternate dimension. Its concealment ability was instantly activated and was absorbed and strengthened by the new alternate dimension during the Originator's Resonance. The entire alternate dimension was hidden in the Sea of Unreality.The prototype of the collective subconscious of the wizards was supposed to be in the wizards' collective. There were more of them and they were more powerful. It also required a certain amount of luck and opportunity to resonate with the Originator of the World to be born outside the World Inner.Because Aise tried to use the spirit network to witness the oath, he unintentionally used the Book Spirit, a creature that could live in the Sea of Unreality, as the signal source of the spirit network. Due to a freak combination of factors, they collectively entered the Sea of Unreality and were born prematurely.The prototype of the collective subconscious of the wizards who were born prematurely was abnormally weak. Even among the sequences of alternate dimensions, it was extremely weak.Fortunately, the Book Spirit's concealment ability was absorbed and strengthened by the prototype subconscious during the Originator's Resonance. It successfully concealed its existence.Dana felt like she was naked in a warm ocean. The ocean was not vast, but it was very deep. The entire ocean was filled with light spots of various sizes. Some were strong, some were weak, some were warm, and some were cold. They were all different.Dana "looked" at herself and found that she was also a light spot, just a little bigger.Dana wondered why light spots could "see".She swam in the ocean and went deep into the shallows. She found many dull stones and gently touched one of them.The world spun and she seemed to see a boy crying. In a trance, the boy grew up and became a strong and strong man.His appearance is somewhat familiar, as if I've seen him somewhere before, the light spot Dana thought.He had braved the wind and snow to arrive at the Royal City from the Northern Territory and lived there for six years. He had taken the Unified Language Proficiency Test three times and finally passed it with great difficulty. At that moment, he had roared at the sky and cried tears of joy.

Because he missed his hometown, he braved the snowstorm and returned to the Northern Fortress. He accepted a free low-level position in the army and hunted demons in the Demon Hunting Wilderness.Dana looked at him as the years passed. Because he was not strong enough, he did not kill enough demons and could not make up for the merit of killing ten people.The disappointment of his family, the mockery of his neighbors, and the fact that he was over thirty years old, all the pressure fell on him. At this time, he obtained a magical magic book, made a contract with the Fire Relayer, and obtained the power to defeat ordinary magic creatures.He successfully killed ten demons and handed them to the army. He was about to get his citizenship. His family was happy, and his neighbors were envious. Everything was so beautiful.One night, the army's descendants broke into his house and captured his family. He did not hesitate and decisively put down his weapons, only for the sake of his family's survival.However, he fell in a pool of blood. On his deathbed, he watched the descendants kill his family one by one.Dana was speechless for a long time. She returned from the illusion to the warm ocean. Looking at the hundreds of dull stones on the beach, she did not dare to touch any of them.A dazzling light appeared in the center of the ocean. Dana felt the strong light and heat, as well as a sense of familiarity.She swam toward the light. Countless light spots also spontaneously approached the light. Slowly, she saw a huge torch in the center of the ocean, flickering with dazzling light.However, there seemed to be a fat flame in it that refused to flicker. It's a little strange, the light spot Dana turned into thought.The light spots that the sorcerer-apprentices turned into felt the huge torch, the warm heat, and the dazzling light. They could not help but want to get closer and follow it.This was because the sorcerer-apprentices' mental strength was too low.Among the more than ninety sorcerer-apprentices, more than sixty of them were only beginner sorcerer-apprentices. They had not completed the initial demonization, had no inherent magic power, and had less than ten units of mental strength.Most of the rest were intermediate sorcerer-apprentices who had just completed the initial demonization. None of them had reached the minimum level of advanced sorcerer-apprentices, which was one unit of mental strength.As for Aise, who was comparable to the peak of the hero level, his mental strength was infinitely close to the lowest value of the hero level, which was ten units of mental strength.

However, this last leap was a leap in life. It was too difficult to take. At this moment, the meditation technique had completely stopped.The mental strength of all the sorcerer-apprentices added together was not enough to compare to Aise's mental strength. At this moment, Aise, who had rich life experience and a strong mental strength, had become the master of the sorcerer-apprentices' sea of collective subconscious with the help of the book spirit.The golden scale of the contract descended, lying between the apprentice adepts and Ace. Everyone's spiritual imprint network, which was also the fledgling form of the adepts' collective subconscious sea that was temporarily formed, was the witness!"Please bear witness to the scale and the sea of subconscious. All sorcerers have agreed to these five cornerstone principles: 'Keep secrets, watch over each other, exchange of equal value, respect for knowledge, seek the truth.'"Following Aise's solemn announcement, the Golden Contract Scale disappeared from reality and appeared in the sea of collective subconscious of the spiritual network.In the sky above the sea of collective subconscious, the Golden Contract Scale was enlarged, flashing with a dazzling golden light.At first, it was just a beginner contract ritual developed by Aise, but at this moment, there was a sudden qualitative change. The scale entered the sea of collective subconscious of the sorcerer-apprentices' sea of collective subconscious, which seemed to have touched some kind of law outside the world.The invisible law of justice and witness projected a trace of power and shrouded above the scale. The golden Contract Scale was baptized by this trace of power. The golden light disappeared, and it turned into a huge quaint scale.On top of the quaint scale, a stack of worn-out parchment scrolls with mysterious witness power appeared.Aise's ahoge swayed, and the book spirit trembled almost crazily, scanning and recording. It directly floated out from the top of Aise's head. Its fat body was like a ball of fleshy flame, and it floated to the bottom of the scale.