Report
                            
                            Bent did not dare to neglect and immediately contacted Luminous City and Anzesta through the Magic Network, reported the situation, and then went to investigate."Fortunately, the Magic Network has been repaired, otherwise, there would be no way to ask for help. Let's be cautious and test to see if it's a human or a monster. "Bent did not go in person immediately. With a tentative attitude, he mobilized a small group of militia to patrol with torches.The three masked men who had turned into shadows did not attack, but hid in the shadows and observed while communicating."There's a complete town here, and there are thorough patrols. According to my rough observation, there may be more than a thousand people living here!""Hehehe, not only that, they also have extraordinary power, different from the extraordinary forces of the Demigods. Those people during the day are not weaker than the two of you, and the strongest one may be stronger than me. ""We all got our power from believing in pain, and you got the power equivalent to a demigod hero. They are clearly mortals, and there is no divine blood flowing in them, how did they do it? ""Hehehe, then we have to investigate further. First, find the extraordinary in this town, quietly capture one, pull him into the shadows, and let him enjoy the pain! "As the three masked men spoke, they skipped over the militia. They were very cautious and planned to find an ordinary resident to torture the situation. If they attacked the militia directly, they might alert the enemy.Bent looked at the red dot on the Perception Barrier Ball, and the doubts in his heart grew. The militia gun team was not attacked, which made him sure that the other party was not an unintelligent monster."It's an intelligent life! Is it a Demigod, a demon, or something else? If they leave, everything in the tower territory will be exposed, and the tower must not be exposed. I have to find a way to lead them into a trap! "Bent no longer hesitated. He reported his speculations to the Magic Division of the Tower territory's government office in the magic book, and then took out the spell-casting enchanted black gunpowder pack and secondary wraith powder pack that Lou Xilu gave him this morning.After many studies, Lou Xilu found that if the black gunpowder was enchanted with magic, it would enhance the power of the black gunpowder to a certain extent. After nearly a year of experiments, he finally invented the enchanted black gunpowder technology that could enhance the power of black gunpowder by three times.Benter and Lou Xilu had worked together in the northern mines and had a close relationship. Thus, he had obtained Lou Xilu's special black gunpowder.

Benter's memories returned to the past. He had fought against demons in the Demon-Hunting Wilderness, luckily obtained a spellbook, the surprise of using a spell for the first time, and the first time he met another contractor.He still remembered the middle-aged man. He was already thirty-four years old, and his only wish was to kill ten monsters and obtain citizenship.After Bent grasped the power of magic, he wasn't so enthusiastic about citizenship. He blessed the middle-aged man, but ten days later, the middle-aged man's contractor's head and his family's heads were hung outside the city to dry.Bent had luckily escaped from the army's attack. His family had all been killed, and the seed of hatred had been deeply rooted in his heart."We wizards and our tower territory are too weak now, but we have great potential. As long as we are given time, we will definitely develop and overthrow this unfair old world. No one can stop the rise of the Tower, and no one can stop the Sorcerers from building a new world! "Bent whispered in a low voice and took out a rectangular sealed box from the ground.He followed a specific magic pattern and ran his magic power on the box. The box opened by itself, revealing the inside. A flashing sign with a sentence written on it."Activated Thermodynamic Mechanical Arm (Left), Creator Betty."He calmly took out the mechanical arm and installed it on his left arm and left shoulder. The entire Activated Mechanical Arm was an arm and a thermodynamic engine on its back.Although it was a mechanical arm, it was also a familiar.This was a combined Activated Mechanical Arm invented by Betty, Apprentice 5. Those who didn't have enough magic stones could first buy an Activated Mechanical Core and some mechanical parts. When they had enough magic stones, they could assemble a complete mechanical arm.He calmly poured the enchanted gunpowder and Secondary Wraith Powder into the mechanical groove of the mechanical arm and checked the magic stones and thermodynamic engine inside. After confirming that there were no problems, he left the house with a determined look.At the same time, Anzesta, who was taking advantage of the night to return to Luminous City, received a message from Benter asking for help."I'm Benter, the garrison of the mining area. Three unidentified Transcendents have broken into the mining area. According to my observation, they seem to be very cautious and are secretly investigating the Tower's territory. I've already gone to stop them.The Tower's territory can't be exposed. I'll ask the Congress of Magic to send advanced apprentices to help. I'll also report to Mr. Aise and Mr. Anzesta for emergency help. "Anzesta read the last page of the magic book. His eyes were filled with killing intent, and he stopped the Winged Gale Horse.

Everyone stopped and looked at Anzesta in confusion."Receive the message from the garrison of the mining area. Donna, Eddie, An Lun … The six of you stay in the same direction and continue to bring the strange monsters to Luminous City. The rest of you follow me. When Donna arrives at Luminous City, immediately report to the Magic Department in the government office and to Mr. Aise."After hearing Anzesta's loud voice, Donna looked at Anzesta reluctantly, but Anzesta avoided her gaze.He quickly led the rest of the apprentices and the intermediate knight squires to the mining area.Donna looked back at Ancestor and the others who had left and said in a low voice, "Come back safely. Go!"She rode her horse and rushed towards Luminous City with Eddie and the others.In the mining area, the three masked men still did not know that they had been marked. They snuck into a family, changed back to their original faces, and interrogated them with painful torture. After confirming that they could not get any more information, they cruelly killed the family.Bent carefully observed with Secondary Insight. He held back his anger as he 'looked' at the three hooded Pain Masked Men, recording their appearances and abilities."Judging from their clothes, they seem to be the followers of the Dark Side, but their actions don't seem to be the style of demon followers. The mask of pain, careful movements, and terrifying interrogation … This reminds me of a legend.According to the legend, there are nine levels of hell. On the first level, there is a sinister and evil demon lord. No one knows his name, so people call him the Lord of Pain. "Benter thought to himself, paying attention to the three masked men's every move.Suddenly, he felt that the three hooded masked men's painful faces seemed to be facing his direction, grinning at him."Shit!"Benter felt a chill run down his spine. He pushed the ground with his mechanical arm and jumped into the air.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login