Report
                            
                            A month later, a warm wind blew from the west coast of the Wizard Tower territory, accompanied by the fragrance of flowers, spring had quietly arrived.The farmland in the north of the settlement was crisscrossed with ditches. Thanks to the protection of the wizard apprentices, the sporadic monsters that appeared were killed and captured in time, allowing the residents to farm in peace.The overall reclamation and irrigation project had been completed. The clear water of the Runguang River flowed through the dense ditches, nourishing the entire farmland.Manure trucks were also constantly processing human and animal feces, composting near the farmland. Several apprentices were using the Hand of Magic to quickly sow seeds in order to complete social practice points."The Hand of Magic is really convenient for farming, and it can also undergo a certain shape change. It doesn't have to be in the shape of a hand, we can turn it into a hoe, the effect is better."Warren said to Sulu beside him while controlling the Hand of Magic excitedly, changing its shape."Yes, yes, what you said makes sense." Sulu was a little tired, still using the hand-shaped Hand of Magic to farm.During this period of time, he successfully got close to Warren, and the two became close. As a result, he was dragged to the farmland by Warren to study how to use magic to farm quickly.Sulu hadn't learned to doubt his spirit, but his magic farming skills had greatly improved, which made him very depressed.Not far from them, Arnaud condensed his Heart Force into his hands and feet, sowing seeds with his bare hands at a speed that mortals couldn't reach.Anzesta was holding a long sword on the ridge, vigilantly observing the surroundings and the ground. The marmot-like monsters had appeared several times, and many times the danger came from the ground under their feet.The residents who were also farming looked at the sorcerer-apprentices with envy and admiration. These extraordinary people born from ordinary people were not as arrogant as the nobles. While they felt a sense of familiarity, the desire for power also sprouted in their hearts.While they were plowing the fields, the foundation of the Elementary Magic Academy's castle in the empty land to the west of the settlement was basically completed. Thanks to the passionate work of nearly seventy apprentices, the castle's foundation was more or less completed in less than two months.The castle was shaped like a rectangle, measuring more than one kilometer in length. There were two pointed towers, and on the southern wall was the doorway of the main gate. The entire doorway was nearly five meters high, giving off a sense of serenity.The apprentices were fitting a thick and heavy door made of logs together with the doorway. As the door fit into the castle, the foundation of the entire castle was completed.The round tower was decorated with narrow windows, semicircular arches, low domes, and doorjambs that jutted out from floor to floor.

A large number of columns and vaults of various shapes were used to achieve an aesthetic effect of sturdiness, balance, stability, and saturation of strength. The narrow windows formed a strong contrast with the vast space inside, making the interior of the castle dim and deep, giving people a sense of mystery and gloom.Ace looked at the brand-new castle. His loose magic robe was fluttering in the wind. He said to his mirror image in an impassioned tone,"The foundation of the castle has been completed. All that's left is for the apprentices to slowly infect every inch of the castle with their mana, causing the castle's materials to be enchanted.As long as we engrave the required runes, little by little, this castle will be transformed into a real magic castle.After the awakening of the book spirit, its ability has been greatly enhanced. I plan to use it to analyze the magical stomach and study the mysteries of space magic. Perhaps in the future, we will be able to expand the castle into a huge space!This is the Castle of the Wizard Tower, the foundation of the future Wizard Tower. "A few days later, under Aise's half-command and half-persuasion, the most powerful and most advanced production force in the territory, the power of the apprentices, was released.The apprentices who were originally building the magic castle were organized by Aise. After school hours, they were divided into eight groups. In addition to the apprentices in the fields and mines, there were ten groups in total. They led the ordinary people to start the construction of the castle.One of the groups was tasked to build the northern wall, which was four meters thick and eight meters high.Just like the construction of the school castle, they relied on the three spells, Mud to Stone, Stone to Mud, and Hand of Magic. Their efficiency was dozens of times higher than the ordinary people.The apprentices were responsible for digging the foundation using Stone to Mud and transforming the soil into a uniform material. The ordinary people used molds to make standard mud bricks, which were then handed over to the apprentices to turn into solid bricks.The mortals and some Sorcerer-Apprentices who only knew how to use the Hand of Magic stacked up the standard bricks with mud. Then, the Sorcerer-Apprentices used the Mud to Stone spell to transform it into a solid whole.Because the walls were solid, they did not have to pay attention to the various basements, rooms, windows, and doorways like the castle. The construction efficiency was greatly improved. In just three days, they had already completed one-third of the northern wall.The thin Carloso was skillfully using the Secondary Mud to Stone spell to transform the mud bricks into solid bricks.

After using the spell so many times, his mental strength was close to emptying. He wiped the sweat on his body and looked at the apprentices and ordinary people who were busy. In a trance, he seemed to see himself and his father.He was born a slave. When he was young, he and his father were driven to build the broken wall of the Northern Territory. Many slaves died of exhaustion there. He and his father were lucky to survive and became slave gladiators. Unfortunately, his father was killed not long after becoming a gladiator.He sat directly on the ground, closed his eyes, and began to meditate. Aise's speech was still in his ears."Magic is the primary productive force. In our Wizard Tower territory, the apprentices are the primary productive force. This is our territory. We wizards are different from the nobles. We were born as ordinary people, we grew up as ordinary people, and the root of our prosperity is also ordinary people!We have the responsibility, the obligation, and the ability to lead the ordinary people to build a prosperous magic society. Let the ordinary people produce an endless stream of apprentices to provide us with fresh blood and for us to develop and grow.In our territory, even the slaves, we have to give them hope. As long as they obey the rules, they will have the opportunity to knock on the door of the extraordinary.In order to build a prosperous magic society, every apprentice must take action. The spells in our hands are the greatest productive force. We have to release this powerful force and realize the development of our territory by leaps and bounds!I hope that every apprentice will participate in the construction of our territory. The corresponding social practice points will also be recorded. I hope that we can act together and let our territory prosper under the glory of magic! "It was the first time he heard the word "productive force". It seemed to be a new word created by combining the prefix of "production" and the suffix of "power". This was very refreshing. As expected of the Fire Relayer who once compiled the dictionary. Even the slaves would have the opportunity to knock on the door of the extraordinary.Carloso thought as he slowly entered the state of meditation. With the rhythm of his magic power, his withered mental strength began to slowly recover.