Report
                            
                            Leon was carried to the square by a few people. Although he wanted to stand up, after trying a few times, his waist wouldn't allow it. He had no choice but to sit down and direct the people to line up for selection.Anzesta looked at the people warmly and organized them to line up for selection. His selection method was very unique. As long as it was a young man of suitable age, he would use the power of pity to sense the other party.The power of a knight's heart had a very strong ability to discriminate willpower. When his power of pity entered the other party's body, he would feel the other party's emotions and discriminate their willpower.He was looking for men who were honest and considerate, who were strong and healthy, and whose eyes were bright, and who were obedient to his management. Therefore, he did not want anyone who was treacherous, thorny, knowledgeable, or too bold or too cowardly.This was different from choosing a knight. A knight needed virtue, a flash of personality, and the recognition and execution of the creed.Soldiers were different. Soldiers needed obedience and spirit. The more honest and honest a person was, the easier it was for them to become a good soldier.He selected a total of 200 gunners and 30 artillerymen, which corresponded to the number of firearms Aise had given him. 200 firearms and 10 horse-drawn cannons.In the northern barracks of the city, the autumn sun was still hot. 230 new recruits were wearing uniforms and standing in line. Sweat dripped from their faces and dripped onto the ground."Pull in your stomach, stick out your chest, raise your head, lift your buttocks, look forward, spread your shoulders, and don't whisper!"Anzesta shouted sternly. He looked at each new recruit and even shook them on purpose. As long as there was any change in their movements, they would be served by Xavier who had been waiting for a long time.Anzesta thought that he had grasped the essentials of Sir Aise's drill. Sir Aise believed that the main purpose of military training was to cultivate a sense of obedience and a sense of collective honor, to achieve uniformity and command like an extension of one's arm.He also agreed with this. A group of good soldiers had to be soldiers who listened to commands in battle and who advanced and retreated appropriately. If one wanted to be proficient in using a gun, a few months would be enough. It was more about training the soldiers' obedience.Ten people formed a small squad, with one squad leader. Fifty people formed a medium squadron, with one company leader. The artillery squadron had thirty people, and two hundred and thirty people formed a large company, with one company leader. Anzesta was the first company leader.The new recruit, Carlo, was bruised all over. He was a barbarian warrior whose real name was Dorkham. When Aise started the trend of changing customs, he immediately changed his name to Carlo in the common language.

He clenched his teeth and persevered, not daring to move. The military discipline of the training was very strict, and the slightest carelessness would result in a beating. He did not want to experience that again.Moreover, if he was punished again, he wouldn't be able to eat meat for dinner tonight. The sun gradually set in the west. Anzesta looked at the recruits who were beaten black and blue. The corner of his mouth revealed a smile. There were about fourteen soldiers who wouldn't be able to eat meat for dinner. It was about time."Everyone, hold on for another hour. Dinner is being prepared. Tonight, not only will there be white bread, lettuce soup, and roasted pork chops! Soldiers who don't have meat to eat must hold on. If you are punished again, you won't be able to eat meat tomorrow! "Listening to Anzesta's words, the quiet camp was filled with the sound of saliva swallowing. Eating meat every meal was almost like a dream for most of the soldiers.Carlo looked ahead. He had been standing for a whole day, and he had used up his ten chances of being beaten. If he was beaten again, he wouldn't have the chance to eat roasted meat!However, his muscles were stiff, and his body was a little uncontrollable. Sweat was sticky, making him feel uncomfortable all over. It would be great if he could jump into the Luiguang River and take a bath.Although he seemed to be looking straight ahead, his heart was already floating. Roasted meat kept appearing in front of his eyes. Saliva was secreting, and his stomach was growling.Puchi, a soldier beside him suddenly sat down and gasped for air. It was as if a domino had been pushed over. A few more people followed suit and sat down. The sky was already dark. Had an hour passed?Just as he was thinking, Xavier dragged the few people who sat down to the side. This time, there was no stick to serve them. Their roasted meat for dinner was gone!Fortunately, I didn't move. The sticky sweat and sore muscles on his body reminded him that he was about to reach his limit.Just as Anzesta clapped his hands and announced the end of the day's training, Carlo's eyes turned black and he fainted on the ground."The intensity of the training seems to be a little high. I'll adjust the intensity of the training tomorrow. Two-thirds of the people won't be able to eat roasted meat. That's a little too much," Anzesta murmured.While Anzesta was training the new soldiers, Dana led a group of wizard apprentices to a natural harbor not far from the estuary of the Luiguang River. She had received Aise's order to build a port and dock here.

Donna's father, Borg, also came with the apprentices. Before he became a businessman, he had spent a lot of time at the docks of Tsmali Port. He had been a sailor and a shipbuilding apprentice. He was the only one in the entire territory who knew about ports, docks, and shipbuilding.At the south gate of Luminous City, Betty was leading a group of apprentices and using Mud to Stone to create wide flat bricks suitable for paving roads."Everyone, let's work harder. As long as we pave a paved road from the south gate of Luminous City to the future port, we'll get 100 social practice points! With these points, we'll be able to advance our studies, exchange for spell models, and exchange for knowledge! "The apprentices were somewhat mechanically using Mud to Stone. Carlo felt like vomiting. The reason he chose Betty's side was because he wanted to change his spells. He thought he would be using fire element spells to forge iron, but he didn't expect it to be stone bricks!Carlo said to Borina, who was beside him, "Borina, I swear that after I get these points, I'll never use Mud to Stone and Stone to Mud again!"Polina said to Carloso while happily using Secondary Mud to Stone to convert mud bricks into stone bricks."I don't think you can do it. There's no easier way to get social practice points than Mud to Stone. Besides, there will be more people coming to our territory in the next few years, which means more construction!Just like what the Firebringer said, magic is the number one productive force, and Mud to Stone is the number one productive force! "Carlo curled his lips, and the scar on his face trembled slightly. He didn't deny it. Borina was right. Although his life was peaceful and good, it was not what he wanted."There will definitely be more opportunities to hunt monsters in the future. I want to fight monsters and the descendants of gods. A real gladiator won't always be a mason!"Carlo said to Borina as he used Hand of Spell to lay down the stone bricks."You wizards always have violent thoughts. Isn't peace good?" Borina replied with some dissatisfaction.