Report
                            
                            The mirror image returned to the underground magic lab and reported Jeanne's current situation and his own speculations."It's fine if you can't find her.We are one. Now that you mention it, I also have this uneasy feeling. Pay close attention to the changes in the Stronghold and the people coming and going. Once I've recovered, we'll move the lab first. "The original Aise said."What about Dana?"The mirror image asked."The young eagles need to grow up on their own. The situation is getting worse and worse. Our future organization needs people who can carry it. Since she chose to join the rest of the enchantment apprentices, if she can't hold it, how can she take on the big responsibility in the future?We need to find the seeds of the future from the current apprentices. The war between the wizards and the descendants of gods has just begun. We have a long way to go. ""Whoever can protect themselves in the chaos and even gather the other apprentices to strengthen themselves will be the seeds of the future. The apprentices in the Stronghold will wait until we move the lab first. "The original Aise said with some struggle. His heart was not as cold as his words. He was also worried about Dana.He closed his eyes in the meditation room and began to meditate, slowly recovering his soul space and soul.The mirror image Aise bowed slightly and turned away.In the bushes next to the poorhouse, Arnaud was scratching his ears and cheeks while learning "Elementary Mathematics". He looked like a monkey that was tied up and hung up. He almost flew away with wings."Olli, Olli. I really don't understand trigonometric functions. Can we not learn this? "Arnaud looked at Olli pitifully and secretly winked at the weathered knight who was resting against a tree trunk.Anzesta saw Arnaud's pitiful eyes and simply turned his head away and took a nap."Arnaud, you can't do that. You have to study seriously. Only in this way can you be an excellent wizard apprentice. Arnaud, are you willing to protect Olli? "Olli said to Arnaud with a smile, but her eyes revealed a trace of coldness."Of course I'm willing. I'm a hero, a true hero with heroic qualities!"Arnaud said in a low voice."Then you have to study mathematics well. Otherwise, Arnaud won't even be able to construct the runes for the Extreme Simplified Meditation Technique!"

I must study hard. I want to go further on the road of magic with Arnaud, Olli secretly said in her heart."How could this be?!"Arnaud let out a despairing wail.Anzesta looked at Arnaud and Olli with a smile on his face. This was the life he wanted the most!Unfortunately, it wouldn't last long! Arnaud had to hurry up and get started with Cogitation. Otherwise, he might not have time to impart some of his semi-finished experience of infusing creeds with inherent magic power.He looked gently at the two people who were studying, especially Arnaud, who was a bad student. He seemed to have thought of something, and his eyes were filled with nostalgia and sadness.On the other side, mirror image Aise was not in a hurry to take the mechanical magic ladder to the surface. He stopped beside the huge crystal ball on the first floor of the basement and stroked it as if he was reminiscing."Let's observe the movements of the acolytes in the stronghold and gather enough information."Accompanied by his hand gestures and strange tone, images appeared on the crystal ball.After a year of development, many of the acolytes in the stronghold had met and even formed some loose regular gatherings.Due to the recent tense situation, a group of acolytes had activated the signal blocking function of their magic books and exchanged for the secondary spell "Magic Wave Concealment". However, there were still some acolytes who were discovered by the army and their whole families mysteriously disappeared.From the records of the magic books, he knew the fate of several acolytes who disappeared. They were tortured, and because they were bound by contract magic, they were unable to betray the Firebringer. In the end, they died tragically in despair."This is only the tip of the iceberg of war. Accepting the extraordinary opportunity and becoming an acolyte is bound to have to pay the price."Mirror image Aise sighed. At this time, the fate of a dead acolyte attracted his attention.This acolyte was not captured by the army because he was casting spells. Instead, he met a strange person. This acolyte had very good spiritual perception and had learned "Ultrasonic Perception".In the world of black and white perception, he discovered that this person was different and followed him.This acolyte entered a slum where groups of strange people were performing strange rituals. The leader of the group seemed to have discovered the acolyte and instantly rushed to the front of the acolyte. There was a strange wave. The images stopped there.The contract between this acolyte and himself had been broken, and the magic book had self-destructed. There was no saving him."From some of the images, these rituals are similar to the strange ones I saw in the village. Maybe my worries have come true. The Gray Believers may have already sneaked in."

"Logically speaking, there are several strange objects hanging at the entrances of the stronghold that can detect evil. It should be difficult for the Gray Believers to sneak in. Could it be that they have a way to block detection?"Mirror image Aise thought as he took the mechanical magic ladder and rose to the surface.He secretly attacked Pu Chou, the resident doctor, and imprisoned him in the underground magic laboratory. Then, he transformed into Pu Chou and calmly practiced medicine in the hospital.He did not plan to continue using Aise's identity for now. He made Aise disappear from the stronghold's sight. This was also the best way to protect his family.Perhaps in a few months, Aise could appear in the northern states to practice medicine?Mirror image Aise thought as he skillfully began the treatment.In the stronghold market, Bayern carefully observed for a day. He found an excuse to leave the caravan and never returned."The most important thing now is to find Aise or clues about him. But the most urgent thing now is to find a way to obtain a legal identity. "After leaving the market, Bayern began to think."According to the version upgrade of the spellbook after the update, the one I used was the so-called Single Edition, but now it's the Universal Edition. Since the Universal Edition can prompt me to encounter other wizard apprentices and has the function of traveling together, then after more than a year, the wizard apprentices must have similar loose or even closer hidden groups. I have to find a way to blend into the local hidden group of wizard apprentices and get more information. "After drawing up a plan, Bayern began to look for suitable candidates in the stronghold. The weather was cold, so Bayern could not help but tighten his clothes."This person who can be replaced by me should have no relatives or friends. His social circle should be small, and it's best if he doesn't have a fixed job. This will be the best disguise."He thought as he observed his surroundings.Bayern was very cautious. In public places in the city, he tried his best to avoid using spells, including perception spells. Instead, he used his own eyes and life experience to identify candidates.After a few days, he successfully found a suitable candidate after some investigation and observation.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login