Report
                            
                            Looking at the apprentices who were deep in thought, Aise said in a gentle voice,"I once said that a wizard with the power of thought is the measure of all things. Today, I want to add that as long as we keep working together towards the truth, we can always be that wizard with the power of thought.Magic research has entered a new era. Every major category has many different directions. It's too inefficient to rely on individual research, and it's also too easy to be repeated, which leads to a serious waste of research resources.We should use a new method to maximize the utilization of research resources and minimize the repetition. Therefore, I propose that we set up a place for collaborative research, where we can conduct research in different categories.We'll implement a subject system and a tutor system. Everyone who has published a paper in Magic can work together or independently as a tutor. We'll invite advanced apprentices who haven't published a paper in Magic to be their assistant tutors. We'll also recruit intermediate apprentices who have graduated from junior apprenticeship to be their assistants.The tower in my mind is not a physical object, but a collective of wizards working together to minimize the repetition and maximize the utilization of research resources. "Aise looked at the apprentices who were deep in discussion. Some of them were in high spirits, some were frowning, and some were confused.He didn't expect that the apprentices would accept these new ideas so quickly. Just like the journal paper system, it was also controversial at the beginning.However, as long as it could be carried out, he believed that these seeds would eventually bear fruit that he was satisfied with. Just like the invention of magic food and extraordinary transformations, there would be more discoveries and inventions in the future.A week later, in the northwest corner of the Night City, a magic construction site began to excavate the foundation. All the design and construction were decided by the committee of the Congress of Magic.Aise consciously let the committee of the Congress of Magic do whatever they wanted, so they could make more decisions independently. No matter if Aise needed to do research or go out to look for opportunities, he couldn't spend a lot of time on managing the territory and the Congress of Magic.Strength was the foundation, so Aise had to spend more time and energy on improving himself.In the experimental floor of the west tower of the magic castle.Aise was observing another three-dimensional rune structure on the light ball of blessing. It could be observed by him now, but not by him when he was an advanced apprentice, so there was no doubt that it was also a three-dimensional rune structure composed of level 1 runes."This three-dimensional rune structure is equivalent to a level 2 spell. The meaning of the level 1 rune is unknown. Only by forcibly copying this three-dimensional rune structure and casting the spell can its meaning be determined. "

Aise thought as he prepared the materials needed for the experiment.Dozens of ordinary monkeys, three ordinary demons, three thunder monkeys, and one condemned slave. The sorcerer-apprentices had experimented many times and found that the thunder monkeys were very similar to the humans in this world. They were very suitable test subjects.Ordinary demons and ordinary monkeys were used for comparison purposes.Aise had already deconstructed this 3D rune structure, and he was able to construct this 3D rune structure in the air even though he was not very familiar with it.It was just that in the past six months, he had spent most of his time constructing the first-level spell model and had no time to test its specific effects. Now, he finally had the time.After many failed attempts, Aise finally succeeded.Ever since the life force was injected into the Secret Chamber of Souls, it not only greatly expanded the space, but also created a new situation. The Secret Chamber of Souls had become the storage and source of the inherent magic power.This new inherent magic power had a strong life force and its own will. It was also an effective source of energy for activating the spell model.Aise consumed a lot of inherent magic power and finally activated the three-dimensional rune structure. Under the rhythm of the magic power, the surrounding magic power poured into it, and there seemed to be a holy sound.The three-dimensional rune structure turned into a holy power, and with a convincing majesty, it poured into an ordinary monkey.In the space of souls, the level 1 spell model "Sense" was activated.Aise closed his eyes, and the three-dimensional environment around him turned into a black and white world. Under the observation of the level 1 spell "Sense", the holy power poured into the monkey, and a shadow appeared on the monkey's body. That was its vague soul.The power went into the skull of the monkey's soul and disappeared. After a while, the monkey's soul mutated and turned into a murloc.Aise continued to observe and found that the symptoms of murloc started from the soul and slowly affected the body."The change of the soul led to the mutation of the body. The mind changed the matter? Then what caused the mutation of the soul? "Aise murmured. He thought for a while, took out a high-powered magic microscope, and slowly pulled out the mutated soul of the ordinary monkey with his own power of the will. He wanted to observe the changes in the skull of the monkey's soul.

However, before Aise could completely pull it out, the monkey's soul shattered and disappeared."The strength of the soul of ordinary creatures is too low. They can't survive outside the body. I have to use ordinary monsters."Aise cast a new spell and mutated the soul of a thunder monkey. He then pulled out the soul and put it under the magic microscope to observe the changes in the skull of the soul.Under the field of vision of the magic microscope, Ace discovered that there was a small dot flickering with a holy light in the soul of the Thunder Monkey. He increased the magnification of the microscope and gradually saw the small dot clearly.It turned out to be a small thunder monkey. The holy power of the unknown spell from the blessed light ball was wrapping the small thunder monkey and forcibly transforming it.As the small thunder monkey was transformed by the holy light, it gradually turned into a murloc and a believer, and its soul also changed accordingly.Aise then experimented on other monsters and condemned slaves, and found that the effect was best on the condemned slaves.Not only did the condemned slave turn into a murloc, but he also became a believer of the Son of the Sea. There was a weak reaction of faith.Aise did not dare to keep the condemned slave, so he immediately killed him and destroyed his soul. At this time, the holy light wrapped around the little man in the soul and turned into a stream of light. Thanks to Aise's timely interception, the stream of light did not disappear.He sealed the little man that escaped from the soul of the condemned slave and thought."What is this little man? Ordinary creatures, monsters, and humans all have this in their souls. Why didn't I find this in my own soul? "He rubbed the stubble on his chin and fell into deep thought."The little Benter on the Mask of Pain seems to be this kind of thing. This means that the wizard apprentices also have this thing, so I should have it too. Where is it? It can't just disappear all of a sudden. "Aise felt like he was struck by lightning. He suddenly remembered the scene when he was promoted to an advanced apprentice and his power of the Will was completely absorbed into the Secret Space of Soul.He sat down and used his power of the Will to enter the Secret Space of Soul that was full of vitality. He carefully observed everything in it, but he did not find anything similar.At this time, Aise suddenly remembered the feeling that flashed by when he made the magic contract. He activated the contract between himself and the book spirit, and slowly pulled along the invisible contract chain from the depth of the Secret Space of Soul.

At the top of the Secret Space of Soul, in an invisible chaotic void, a giant was slowly pulled out. The giant's appearance and body were exactly the same as Aise.Aise used his power of the Will to observe the giant. This strange feeling of familiarity. At this time, the giant suddenly opened its eyes.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login