Report
                            
                            He had never seen this kind of rune that existed between reality and illusion. This kind of complicated single rune was something he had never seen before. Ace suddenly felt like a book spirit. He rubbed the ahoge on his head and helplessly sighed.If he could use the Book Spirit's powerful ability to understand the unknown and deduce, he might be able to memorize these new runes by force.Without the help of the Book Spirit, Aise would have to spend a long time to memorize the runes by himself.Three days passed quickly, and Aise still hadn't found anything. Xavier was still trying to understand the creed, and there was still a long way to go."Unless the Book Spirit wakes up, it'll take too much time to memorize these super complicated runes. Let's go to the magic school first. The apprentices have been waiting for us for a long time. "Aise said to the apprentices. Then he used Flash and jumped into the sky. He spread his crystal wings and glided to the open space in the west.Sharpe looked at his main body and said to Anzesta and Arnaud, "Let's go to the open space as well. Don't be late."After that, he ran away. Anzesta and Arnaud also ran after him.Bang!Arnaud touched his arm and didn't pay much attention to it. He continued running to the open space. Leon, Betty's father and the temporary administrative officer of the fief, fell to the ground in an extremely twisted way and kept struggling.Half an hour later, at the location of the magic school, a group of sorcerer-apprentices had arrived. After a few words, Ace immediately announced that the apprentices would start building the magic school according to the updated mission requirements on the sixth page of the magic book. He then walked to the edge of the empty space of the school.He was going to build a new magic laboratory in the southwest part of the school according to his plan. It would be a tower-shaped laboratory. Before he had the ability to build a real tower, it was a good choice to build a magic tower-shaped laboratory first.Aise planned to empty the top floor of the tower and make a large-scale magic item with the functions of Dream Network and signal transmission, storage, transmission, and reception. The other floors would be similar to the original underground magic laboratory.While Aise was thinking about the design of the magic laboratory, the apprentices had already started reading the updated information on the sixth page of the magic book.Update: The original point system has been canceled and changed to social practice points and combat practice points. You will need to pay a fixed amount of points to exchange for any spell model or rune array.Note: The points collected by the school are the accumulated points.

The following are the blueprints and pictures of the construction of the magic school.Please click on the blueprints to see how to earn social practice points this time.Polina wore a fitting magic robe and walked over to Carloso. She saw Carloso stare at the sixth page of the magic book for a while, and said to him with a smile, "Carloso, can you tell me what's new this time?"The scar on the tall and thin Carloso's face twitched. He looked at the smiling girl and sighed helplessly, "Why are you so lazy? Can't you see for yourself? You can get ten points for completing any task, and you can only get one at a time.Also, if you don't have the necessary spell to complete a task, you can choose to get the spell without getting any points. For example, the task of producing bricks requires you to produce ten thousand qualified bricks, which requires a lesser spell, Lesser Mud to Stone.If you want to exchange for this spell from the list of spells in the book, you'll need ten social practice points and ten social practice points each. This way, you can still get a new spell … "The apprentices studied the blueprints in the book and discussed enthusiastically. Sulu approached Walloon, who was in deep thought, with a warm smile on his face. He wanted to get closer to Walloon and learn how to question the spirit of doubt.The apprentices received their new tasks through the magic book. Under the command of Sharpe, they began to build the magic school in the future in groups.The design of the school was a castle-like building. In the middle was an open space, which was divided into a magic plant plantation and a practical training field. To the north of the castle was the teaching and laboratory building, to the west was the magic breeding facility, to the east was the apprentice dormitory, and to the south was the library and the main gate.The tower in the southwest corner was Aise's magic laboratory and his residence. There was also the central layer of the future mental link network, the forbidden library, the laboratory layer, the magic circle and magic ritual layer, and the magic materials and magic items layer.There was also a tower in the southeast corner, which was the editorial office of the future magic journal Spell.The underground of the castle was the magic energy conversion center. There were magic stone conversion circles and large-scale magic absorption, storage, and supply circles. It was the future source of magic energy for the whole castle.In Aise's estimation, the construction of the school castle would take about half a year. The apprentices would have five days of first-grade classes every other week in the morning.Every Saturday morning, a practical drill would be held in the practical training field. The apprentices would do the drill under the supervision of Aise. In the rest of the time, the apprentices could choose to build the castle or take a rest.

According to Aise's calculation, most of the apprentices could get about a hundred social practice points after the construction of the school. As for practical practice points, they could only get a small part of them if they won the practical practice.In a week, the first practical task would be announced. The best apprentices in the practical practice would be selected to clean up the magic beasts on the way to the northern mines.The combat missions for the next year were mainly as follows: gathering magical plants, planting and cultivating magical plants, hunting low-level magical creatures, breeding and guarding low-level magical creatures, guarding and patrolling the valley territory, and so on.At night, after a hard day's work, the apprentices returned to their own residences with the hope of building the future magic school.Aise did not want to observe Anzesta and the rest of the apprentices today, so he gave them a night off. He and his mirror image were the only ones left in the residence.Illuminated by the cold and gentle light of the controllable light ball, Aise said to his mirror image."After a year of development in our territory, when the granary is full, it will be time to conquer new barbarian tribes and use them as slaves and reserve population to enrich our territory.I've thought about it for a long time. We need to manage the barbarians more carefully. Right now, the management of the territory is almost all former citizens of the City-state of Medemus. We have neglected an important group, and that is the barbarian leaders!Although they don't dare to resist because of our power, they must be disappointed that they are excluded from the ruling class and are under the command of reserve citizens. It's time for us to recruit some of the leaders who are on our side into the government office. This way, we can prevent the former citizens of the City-state from dominating. It's good for balance! "