Report
                            
                            Five years later, in the early morning of spring.In the port area of the Wizard Tower's territory, a magic mist had always shrouded the outer part of the port area. The large suggestive runic array would make all ships that passed by feel danger and speed up their departure.Only the Wizard Tower's own ships could pass through the mist under the leadership of the fleet wizards.Carlo had been stationed here for more than six years, and he was particularly excited today."Boys, let me tell you, today is the day Uncle Carlo retires. You will soon have a new captain."When the militia heard Carlo's words, they all reluctantly asked him to stay.Carlo waved his hand and motioned for them to be quiet. He then said, "You should know that as long as you are an official soldier, one year of work points is equivalent to two years of work points. So two years ago, I was an official citizen and qualified to exchange for a supernatural ticket.Today, I proudly tell you that I, Carlo, have finally gotten the chance to exchange for a secondary spirit blessing with my contribution during the Night of the Waning Moon and the work points I have accumulated over the past six years. "When the crowd heard this, they no longer tried to persuade him to stay. They all gave Carlo their blessings and asked him to stay.At this moment, the magic mist dispersed, and a fleet slowly sailed into the port area."We've finally returned to Hope Harbor. Bring the 'new freedmen' we bought ashore." Eddie stood on the deck and said to the captain.Hope Harbor was the name of the port area. Because of the magic wave, the barbarian tribes in the Lar Mountains had sharply decreased, and the plan of capturing barbarians to replenish the population had also been declared a failure.The only two sources of population in the entire territory were buying slaves from the northern states and robbing people from the coastal areas.Aise thought that it would be safer to disguise as Tsmali and Medemus to buy slaves. The people bought would also be less resistant, and robbing people would be more vigilant, which would increase the risk of exposure. At the same time, the people robbed would be more resistant, which was not conducive to assimilation and rule.Therefore, the entire territory carried out the Hope Plan, and the port area was also named Hope Harbor by Aise.Carlo and the others were ready. They held up their rifles and walked to the shore to help maintain order.Luther's hair was messy like a chicken's nest, and he was as thin as a match. The two months of turbulence on the sea had made him even weaker, and his steps were weak.The thirteen-year-old Luther was a debt slave of the Norton City-state. He was originally the eldest son of an ordinary free family. He had both parents and a not-so-cute sister.

But all of this was broken a year ago. Her father was set up by someone and owed a loan that he couldn't pay back. The whole family was sold off as slaves to pay off the debt. From then on, they were separated from each other."I have to survive. I have to think of a way to save myself, and then save my parents and sister."His footsteps became even more unsteady, and amidst the exclamations of the people around him, Luther's vision went black, and he could no longer see anything.Carlo noticed the commotion and directed the militia to help the skinny boy to a shady place. On the deck, Aise didn't go down. Instead, he opened a gray leather bag the size of an arm from his waist and pulled out a blanket that was as tall as a person. He threw it into the air.There was a metal plate on the carpet that read "Luminous 005 Classic Animated Flying Magic Carpet".There was also a line of words below it: "A magic carpet with life. Self-driving. Maximum carrying capacity: 300 kilograms. Floating range: 1 to 80 meters. Speed: 20 to 80 kilometers. Requires regular replacement of magic stones."Eddie jumped onto the magic carpet skillfully. Through the telepathic ring on his finger, he directed the magic carpet to quickly fly down from the ship and to the unconscious Luther's side.Eddie waved his hand gently, and the spell model of Magic Trick appeared in front of him.He remembered the Three Hundred Common Secondary Magic Spells that he copied from the Truth Magic Bookstore. He opened his magic book, searched for a spell, and tried to cast it.He recalled the content of the fifth-grade course in the elementary magic school. "Use the supernatural language to pronounce, use the mind to drive, use the hand gestures to assist, and use the magic power to move automatically."His lips trembled regularly seven times. The hand gestures followed the magic power, and the mind was repair. The spell in a strange tone sounded: "Repair: Biological Recovery."With the influx of magic power, the weak Luther seemed to have been given a shot in the arm. He quickly woke up and became energetic.Eddie smiled at Luther and turned to Carlo. "Take some ready-made dry food and some water from the warehouse. Magic can only help him recover temporarily. He must eat something to replenish his nutrition."After that, Eddie handed over the goods to the apprentices in Hope Port. After confirming that there was no problem with this "shipment", he jumped onto the magic carpet, drew an arc in the air, and flew in the direction of Luminous City.

His mission was completed after successfully bringing people and supplies to the port. Today was the day the latest issue of Magic was published. He did not want to waste time.Luther felt like he was dreaming. Not only was he forced to take a warm bath, but he was also ruthlessly scrubbed off a layer of old dust with a pig's hair brush.They walked through the so-called rune circle naked. According to the people holding the sticks, it was called the Magic Disinfection Rune Circle, and it was invented by a man named Warren.Luther changed into a clean gray work outfit. The original chicken nest shape of his hair turned back to its original soft blonde appearance. After the bath, Luther looked clean and white. He had learned a few books from his father, so he still had a bit of scholarly air.After eating a hot meal in the port cafeteria, Luther and the other slaves bought by the territory were sent to the port platform.Since Betty had published the related principles of the steam engine, Aise had greatly praised her and encouraged her to study the application of the steam engine in depth. In just five years, three railways were built, connecting the northern mining area, the western dam, the eastern port, and the Luminous City in the middle.The apprentices in Hope Port sent everyone on the train and arranged for Carlo to take care of and escort them."After arriving at Luminous City, your military career will be completely over. I hope you can successfully achieve spiritual overclocking and become a quasi-wizard apprentice."Before leaving, the apprentice guardian of Hope Port said to Carlo.After five years of development, the total population of the territory had reached 30,000 people. There was one city and three towns, namely Luminous City and the three places mentioned above. Each town had a certain number of guardian apprentices.With the roar of the train, Luther looked at the scenery outside the window and touched the cold glass. He felt like he was in a dream.Those people holding strange sticks said that they had arrived at the territory of the wizard tower, the country of magic. Here, they would become free people. As long as they worked according to the laws of the territory and did not do anything illegal, they would become free people in three years.This was simply incredible. He had never heard of slaves being directly liberated. What was the wizard tower? What was magic? What was this steel monster that was carrying them? At this moment, Luther's mind was full of doubts.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login