Report
                            
                            The hooded man continued to taunt Anzesta, retaliating from time to time.Anzesta was still unhurried. His silver eyes flashed with a hint of coldness, and the spellbook in front of his chest was still boiling hot.With Anzesta's uniform and uninterrupted attacks, the hooded man seemed to panic. More and more wounds appeared on his body.At the same time, Anzesta's figure also came to an abrupt halt following the appearance of the wounds."Even if I control my strength, the force of this lance's charge is still not to be underestimated."Anzesta used his heartforce to recover his body while continuing to charge. His heartforce spread throughout his body, greatly increasing his resistance. This was also one of the wondrous uses of heartforce.If he couldn't use magic, the strength of his body strengthened by the same level of magic wouldn't even be a tenth of what Anzesta's heartforce could do.He controlled the force of each charge to a level he could endure, and finally reaped some benefits.Anzesta watched as the wounds on the hooded man's body increased bit by bit. He watched as his injuries worsened, as his internal organs changed shape, and as he couldn't maintain his shadow form. Indifference flashed through his eyes.Man and horse became one, continuing to charge forward like a shooting star, attacking with the same strength.Anzesta relied on his far superior recovery and resistance to the hooded man to continuously charge at him in the air like a sandbag."You …" The hooded man spat out a mouthful of foul blood. He no longer had the strength to escape. The cage woven by heartforce had already bound him."Why are you so clear about my abilities? Could it be that you also believe in pain? I curse you. You will be tormented by the flames of pain in the future. "Anzesta listened to the hooded man's vicious curse. He used his heartforce to create a hand that pulled off the man's mask. The moment the distorted face of Bender left the hooded man's body, it seemed to have been freed. Its expression was incomparably relaxed.Without his mask, the hooded man's hood was pitch black and empty.He seemed to have lost the ability to speak as he howled in pain.Anzesta stared coldly at him and said softly, "Do you really want to know why I know everything about you? I won't tell you. Carry on with your questions and pain until death comes. "Anzesta didn't directly kill the faceless man. Instead, he brought him back to the mining town.The faceless man wasn't just an enemy, he was also a precious source of information. His body, soul, habits, and memories were all information about unknown enemies.

The other apprentices and knight squires arrived at the mining town one after another. Carloso urged the golem to spread its wings and quickly arrived at the mining town. He saw Ancestor standing at the gate on a horse. Next to the horse was a Psychic Cage that trapped the hooded man."What's the situation?"Carloso urged the Gargoyle to land heavily on the ground and asked anxiously. He and Bent were both enchantment apprentices. Even though they weren't close, they still had some feelings for each other.To to's to to to's to ''s... of''s's's to '''s.. to's's to's's to 'to to to see.Carloso jumped down and walked to Anzesta's side. He stared at the '' Mask of Pain's', his eyes tearing up.He closed his eyes, waited for a while, and slowly opened them again. At this time, the others had arrived.Anzesta stood at the entrance of the mining town, knocked out the faceless man, and spoke to the others in a low voice."Bent, the apprentice stationed in the mining town, sacrificed himself to fight against the Believers of Pain who invaded the Wizard Tower's territory. He killed two Believers of Pain and was brutally murdered by this Believer of Pain.However, Bent still told me the information he exchanged with his life through the magic book. That's how I was able to capture the Believer of Pain so easily. Now, all of you are stationed in the mining town. I'll report the information to the Congress and await further instructions. "Donna's heart was burning with anxiety. She spurred her Winged Gale Horse with all her strength and stimulated it with mental force, causing it to gallop like a whirlwind.Eddie sat on the flying carpet, carrying the strange monster that was sealed, and slowly landed at the back of the team."Nothing must happen. Our territory has just begun to develop!"As the sky gradually brightened, they finally arrived at the north gate of the Luminous City.After the monsters attacked the city on the night of the Waning Moon, the apprentices learned a lesson from the painful experience and spent a lot of time thinking about how to guard the city.The four city walls and the underground rivers were enchanted and engraved with defensive and offensive rune matrices. A Sensory Tower was erected in the city, which could sense and mark the supernatural creatures in the entire Luminous City. There were also apprentices on duty.On the city walls, there was a Four-Element Defense Tower every three hundred meters. With the help of the corresponding casting materials, the towers could cast earth, water (ice), fire, and wind spells randomly.The city gate was not opened yet. Donna and the others anxiously waited for the Sensory Tower's verification. Several advanced apprentices were actually waiting here.

Donna and the others followed the requirements of the advanced apprentices and went through the corresponding verification. After confirming that they were the real ones, they were finally allowed to enter the city."According to the decision of the Congress of Magic, the entire territory of the Wizard Tower is in a state of emergency without disturbing Mr. Aise. Mr. Bayern has already gone to the West Tower to start the emergency reporting procedure and is waiting for Mr. Aise's order. "After the verification, the serious and nervous faces of the advanced apprentices relaxed a bit. One of them seemed to be comforting Donna."Honorable Mr. Councilman, Anzesta, an advanced knight squire, has brought some people to the North Mining Town to support. Is there any news?"Donna asked anxiously."Anzesta has successfully killed two intruders and captured one. The Congress of Magic has also sent two advanced apprentices to escort this important prisoner.Since you're back in the city, go to the government office to finish the mission and take a rest. Maybe you won't have time to rest for a while. "Donna was a bit relieved, but then she almost choked again. She knew what Lucien meant. If the intruders only came occasionally and the territory of the Wizard Tower was not exposed, then it was not a big problem. But if it was exposed, then a war was imminent.When they were heading to the government office to finish the mission, Bayern finally entered the West Tower.Since his soul and body had both reached the level one life level, Aise found that his perception and observation ability had been greatly enhanced. Before, he could not recognize or observe the rune structure inside the dream crystal at a glance.Together with the three-dimensional rune structure that he had already discovered in the Hallucinogenic Eye, he should be able to easily form the first three-dimensional spell model. However, he stopped at this step."Three-dimensional spell models are completely different from two-dimensional spell models. In the words of my previous life, they are closer to the Tao! Rather than a three-dimensional spell model, it's more like the deterioration of a certain domain path. "In the meditation room, Aise once again formed a three-dimensional spell model outside his body.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login