Report
                            
                            Three days later, Aise crawled up from the cold floor of the secret chamber. His eyes were filled with confusion, and then he felt a headache coming on. When he walked out of the secret chamber, he realized that three days had passed.After a while, he finally woke up from his daze and remembered the voice he heard in his dream."I didn't hear much information, so why did I sleep for so long? Is it because of the dream bubble? Or is it because of the side effect of receiving the gift from the otherworld? "Aise thought for a while and decided not to think about it anymore. He opened the gate of the west tower.Bayern had been waiting for a long time. When he saw Aise, he said in a hurry, "Mr. Firebringer, the magic network has been down for a few days. The apprentices are restless. They are all urging me to report this to you. When will the magic network be restored? ""Mr. Councilman, please ask the apprentices to wait for another month. The magic network will be restored."Aise looked at the shining hexagram badge in front of Bayern's chest and said with a smile.The key to solving the problem of the magic network was to fill in a mirror image. Aise's dream avatar had filled in the missing part of his sea of consciousness and merged with his sea of consciousness.This kind of replacement had achieved a win-win situation. Aise had a secret and unbreakable connection with his sea of consciousness, and his sea of consciousness had also been greatly repaired.As for the magic network, he needed to create a new dream avatar with his own thoughts. Since he had become an official wizard, he had a feeling that he could create more than one avatar.In the worst case, he could also divide the dream space of all the apprentices into half to form a common dream space. Then, he would leave a spiritual imprint of Aise to maintain the operation of the machine.Bayern did not leave after hearing Aise's answer. Instead, he hesitated for a while. He was not sure if Aise's promotion was successful or not, and he did not dare to ask before the announcement was made.However, there was one thing that he felt was the right time to win over Aise's support. He had no choice but to bite the bullet and say to Aise with a serious expression, "I have something important to report to you in secret!"Aise looked at the solemn Bayern and nodded. He led Bayern into a sealing room in the west tower. After the two entered the sealing room, Aise closed the door and activated the sealing seal."It's safe here. You can speak now."Bayern bowed forty-five degrees to Aise and then said, "Lord Aise, about half a year ago, when I went to the northern states to purchase people and supplies, I accidentally captured several divine nobles without divine enlightenment …"

Half a year ago, in the City-state of Milne, Bayern and the others left Milne City with the slaves and supplies they had bought. They were robbed by a group of bandits on a hill near the coast.Bayern relied on enchantment techniques and soul spells to defeat the bandits. He easily defeated fifty bandits and captured them."We were just short of test subjects, so some people came to us. According to the fief's law, these people are all condemned slaves. One test subject can be sold for three lesser magic stones. "Because the number of test subjects was limited, and many magic experiments had to use humans, so legal test subjects were not cheap.If they did not use the Lesser Magic Stone Conversion Circle under the magic castle, it would take an ordinary intermediate apprentice a month to convert three lesser magic stones.The Lesser Magic Stone Conversion Circle could produce one or two lesser magic stones a day, but there were too many apprentices. Only those who were still in school could use it, and there was a limit to the number of times it could be used.Only advanced apprentices were qualified to exchange for knowledge related to magic circles with academic points. Also, only advanced apprentices had the ability to use the Magic Paper Conversion Spell to create special materials that could be used to inscribe magic circles.Even for Bayern, as a new advanced apprentice, setting up a small Soul Stone Conversion Circle and five lesser magic stone conversion circles in his house almost cost him all his money.In the blink of an eye, a month had passed. Bayern returned to his fief with the people he bought and the slaves he captured. He used Charm to check the slaves and found three unawakened descendants of the God of Strength.Bayern sold all the other slaves to the Congress of Magic, and kept these three as his test subjects.In Luminous City, Bayern's residence.It was already late at night, but there were still apprentices coming to visit Bayern one after another, asking to rent his lesser magic stone conversion circle.Unlike magic castles in magic schools, private magic stone conversion circles cost at least half of the profits. Even so, most intermediate and beginner apprentices had no choice.Bayern hired a beginner apprentice to manage the magic stone conversion circle, and he dove into the underground lab to study the three unawakened believers.Bayern cut off part of the body tissue of the unawakened believers and observed them under a magic microscope.This was a magic item invented by Mr. Aise a year ago. Different from the normal microscope invented two years ago, the magic microscope used a magic lens converted from monster materials.

There was a special rune array engraved on the magic lens. Any advanced Apprentice Adept who knew Soul Spell Insight could use this special magic lens to observe the microscopic supernatural world.Bayern read Aise's Theory of Cells and Organs while observing the cells of the unawakened believers.Three months later, Bayern compared the cells of the apprentices, the organs of the ordinary people, the organs of the gods, and the cells of the monsters, and came to a conclusion."Most of the cells of the gods are no different from those of the ordinary people, except for the cells of the heart and bone marrow. There are subtle magic reactions in the cells of the heart and bone marrow, and the microscopic world cannot be observed by the current magic technology.If Mr. Aise's Life Forbidden Zone hypothesis is true, the life forbidden zone in the cells with subtle magic reactions should be obviously different from ordinary cells. Perhaps the reason why the descendants of gods are the descendants of gods is hidden in it.Some of the cells of the low-level monsters have magic reactions, and most of these cells are in the secondary rune structure.Almost all the cells of the powerful low-level monsters have strong magic reactions, and their life forbidden zones seem to be surging with power.The cells of the beginner apprentices have no obvious changes, except for the magic waves in the brain, which seem to be related to the soul.The cells of the intermediate apprentices seem to have a weak magic reaction because of the inherent magic.The cells of the advanced apprentices have more intense magic reactions. If this situation can be inherited, perhaps the descendants of the advanced apprentices will be more likely to become wizards.Maybe this is the evolution that Mr. Aise talked about?If the change of an advanced apprentice can be inherited, then is it possible for a descendant of the gods to become a wizard? "Bayern recorded the experiment and looked at the white and fat experiment subjects of the three divine descendants with a mysterious smile on the corner of his mouth.If the descendants of gods who have not been awakened or who have just been awakened can become wizards, can they be drawn to the wizard camp and disintegrate the divine nobles from the inside?
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login