Report
                            
                            When the news of Aise's report spread, the apprentices were all excited when they heard the title of the report."A report on the results of becoming an official wizard," Eddie read slowly, word by word, and his expression became more and more excited.Even the advanced apprentices were very excited. In the last secret meeting, Aise only told them that he had become an official wizard and a simple division of the spell system.But this time, it was different. The title of the report by the founder of the magic system, the Firebringer Aise, was basically telling all the apprentices that he had solved the problem of becoming an official wizard!Magic Calendar Year 8, September 10th.In the hall of the magic castle, the autumn sun shone through the transparent dome and shone on every corner of the hall. The spacious castle hall was especially crowded today. Nearly a thousand apprentices were gathered here, waiting for Aise's report."What is Mr. Aise going to talk about? I'm so looking forward to it! ""Of course he's going to talk about the results of becoming an official wizard. Didn't he already say the title of the report?""I'm asking about the specific content of the report. Can you stop arguing?""Who's arguing? Why are you speaking so uncultured? "While a few beginner apprentices were arguing, Aise flew in from the sky and slowly landed on the stage.As he appeared and landed, the invisible power of the will and the natural wizard affinity affected everyone in the hall, giving them a sense of anticipation.The current Aise could be their future.Aise looked at the expectant eyes in the hall and gently transmitted his voice to every apprentice's ears with the Booming spell."My apprentices, today I'm honored to report the results of my research on becoming an official wizard.Here, I'll explain two concepts to everyone here. What is an official wizard and what is a quasi-official wizard, and what are the similarities and differences between the two.First, the similarities. No matter if it's an official wizard or a quasi-official wizard, from the understanding of life level, they have achieved a transition. They have a lifespan that is twice or even three times that of a normal person.From the perspective of life level, quasi-official wizards, official wizards, heroes, and intermediate monsters are all on the same level. There is no essential difference.Then, the differences. Why do we have to distinguish between these two concepts? The difference between us Wizards and the other Transcendents of this world lies in our knowledge. The most powerful manifestation of this knowledge is spells, which are the spell models in the soul space.

Only by creating a 3D spell model in the Secret Treasure of the Soul, which is different from the natural runes of other supernatural beings, can we be called official Adepts.Today, I can announce that we have a new definition of runes and spells.In the past, runes were divided into secondary runes and soul runes. But now, soul runes were also divided according to the strength of the observer.The soul runes that can be observed by Advanced Apprentice Sorcerers are collectively known as Level 0 runes. The runes that quasi-official Sorcerers and First Ring Sorcerers can observe are known as Level 1 runes. "Aise paused.He didn't tell them about the supernatural knowledge he learned from the Giant Dragon. Although this knowledge was learned from a great existence, it had not been verified. It was not suitable to announce a conclusion that had not been verified. It was not in line with the spirit of a Wizard.The Apprentice Sorcerers under the stage whispered to each other. It was their first time coming into contact with these classifications, so they were very interested. All the Advanced Apprentices whispered what Aise had said. At this time, Aise continued."There must be a higher level of soul runes. Because our strength continues to increase, we will inevitably be able to observe higher level runes. Maybe one day, we will even be able to observe the origin of the runes."Maybe it is some kind of law or domain of the world. Maybe at that time, we will have to ask, what is the nature of the law and domain, Aise added in his heart."The planar spell model formed by level-0 runes is now defined as a level-0 spell, the three-dimensional spell model formed by level-0 runes is defined as a level-1 spell, the three-dimensional spell model formed by level-1 runes is defined as a level-2 spell, and so on.If you can become a Level 1 Wizard and use a Level 1 spell, you can be called an official Wizard.Starting from official Wizard, the choice of spell model will affect your future path. This research is still ongoing, and I will share with you the findings and conjectures in this area later.Now, I will tell you that becoming a quasi-official Wizard is the prerequisite for Life Evolution.As an Advanced Apprentice, you must have a Spiritual Scale of 9 or above.You need to have a high frequency of mana similar to the Spiritual Network to wash your power of the Will and loosen your Spiritual Scale. This will allow your Spiritual Scale to soar.To achieve this, you need a special power, which is the vitality of your body. The stronger your body is, the more likely it is to succeed.

In other words, we must have a strong enough body, and it is best to combine it with rituals, magic materials, rare food, and other things that can greatly increase your vitality. "All the apprentices listened attentively, especially the advanced apprentices. Their eyes shone brightly.Bayern frowned and lamented to himself, "I'm already over 70 years old. Even if I use the Youth Potion, my body will inevitably decline. It seems that the younger I am, the better my chances of becoming an official Wizard."Logan heard this and pressed down on his oversized hat. He said in a hoarse voice, "Our age doesn't change.The natural decline of our body will lead to a lack of vitality. We can use magic to solve this problem. For example, magic food. Are you interested in researching it with me? "Aise continued while Bayern was asking Logan what magic food was."Everyone knows that the space in the Secret Chamber of Soul of an Advanced Apprentice is limited. Therefore, the Level 0 runes and Level 0 spells that can be combined are also limited.This is also related to our future path. The path we take in the future depends on what kind of runes we copy and what kind of spells we combine.Therefore, our path of magic cannot be broad without being proficient. We must have a clear path and focus on it. Only by giving up some can we gain more.We have been developing magic for eight years now. I have divided the magic we create into six categories: Elemental, Astrological (Prophecy), Life, Soul, Contract Summoning, and Alchemy.Here, I suggest that everyone focus on one category and supplement it with one or two other categories. Under the premise of focusing on one category, you should try your best to diversify your methods.Among these six categories, Elemental represents … "Following Aise's explanation, everyone gradually understood the research direction and spell types of each category.Eddie said in his heart, "My path is Contract Summoning. Sooner or later, I will have a powerful army of contracted creatures."Ace was still talking, and his expression was a little excited."Everyone knows that our territory is called the Wizard Tower. I once said that every Wizard has a Wizard Tower in their heart. Today, I will talk about the Wizard Tower in my heart.When I was young, I heard of a legend.Legend has it that in ancient times, many years ago, there was a group of people who wanted to know how high the sky was and wanted to climb to the sky. Therefore, they gathered the strength of all humans and built a Wizard Tower.Everyone worked together and worked hard for the same goal. As time passed, day after day, year after year, the earliest people who wanted to know how high the sky was had long since passed away.

Their descendants continued to build, and the Wizard Tower grew taller and taller, getting closer and closer to the sky.At this time, the devil tempted the humans, causing them to be selfish and estranged. They were no longer able to work together and instead indulged in internal strife.In the end, the people who were fighting left the Wizard Tower. Without the construction and maintenance of humans, the Wizard Tower could no longer get closer to the sky and was abandoned. No one knew how high the sky was. "Everyone listened to Aise's story and fell into deep thought."Lord Aise's words seem to be implying something," Warren said in a low voice while holding his chin."If we replace the sky with the truth and replace those people with us Wizards, what would happen?"
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login