Report
                            
                            The doppelganger said to Aise, "Maybe we can start by using advanced magic tricks and magic crystal shaping spells. We can study the magic rhythm that shapes a fixed shape and use the book spirit to record the flashing rhythm and analyze it."Aise heard the doppelganger's words and praised, "As expected of me. We've accumulated a wealth of experience in improving and even modifying secondary runes. It's not impossible to create a special rune. The so-called runes are the regular expression of the supernatural power in nature. If we need such a tool but don't have a suitable original rune, then we can create one! "The doppelganger also said, "The original is really smart. We can fully exert our subjective initiative and use the supernatural laws on the basis of understanding them to achieve our goal!"While they were talking, the little flame had already stopped. He had almost used up all his magic power and the flame was almost extinguished. Aise saw that the little flame's human form had already disappeared, revealing a mid-level transparent sphere.In the vision of Insight, Aise found that there were two complicated secondary rune structures in the transparent sphere at the center of the little flame. They were the secondary taming contract spell and the secondary activation flame.A part of the activation flame rune structure was flickering, slowly absorbing the magic power in the surrounding environment."It seems that the automatic absorption rune is working. Only an elemental lifeform that can replenish its own magic power can be called a true elemental lifeform.From the looks of it, the elemental lifeform created by this spell is composed of a rune core and an elemental body. The rune core is its core, so the loss of the elemental body won't cause fatal damage. "Aise observed while recording the reaction of the secondary fire elemental lifeform. Then, he directly destroyed the rune core, and as expected, the elemental lifeform disappeared immediately.After the elemental lifeform disappeared, Aise continued to record:"Currently, I've found two forms of disappearance. One is the complete dissipation of magic power, and the other is the destruction of the core. The secondary fire elemental lifeform is more suitable for combat, but the activation spell should be developed into a series. Maybe I can create more activation types and applications. "After closing the magic book, Ace said to the mirror image, "Based on the preliminary investigation of the Enchanting Rune and its derivative applications, we can use this spell and its variants to create a large number of low-level enchanting enchanters. Animated Familiars will become the right-hand men of Apprentice Adepts. They can be used in research, combat, production, and all other aspects of life! "The mirror image also replied, "As for further exploration and research, it is not something that can be solved overnight. I suggest that we stop our research here. Let's study the remaining two runes first and find a way to quickly create magic so that we can carry out the plan of plundering Aise's manor as soon as possible! "

Then, the mirror image began to draw a new simple rune structure. The spell was activated on some of the shriveled mushrooms. The mushrooms started to grow crazily under the effect of the spell, and then quickly withered."The function of this rune is to grow rapidly. It seems to be using some kind of power to promote its orderly division and proliferation. However, the nutrients can't keep up, and it consumes too much, so it can only wither. This rune can be called the Growth Rune. "Aise looked at the spell and analyzed it.The mirror image then experimented with the last simple spell model. After the spell was cast, the shriveled mushrooms started to recover. At the same time, Aise could see that the nutrients in the soil had been greatly reduced. It even started to turn into sand."By rapidly absorbing and consuming the nutrients in the soil to promote the recovery and growth of plants, this rune can be called the Nutrient Absorption Rune. Now that we can confirm that it is effective on plants, we need to test the effects of these runes on animals. "The mirror image caught a few fresh hamsters from the monster breeding facility. They were the kind that suddenly appeared in the northern farm. The mirror image carried a special enchanted iron cage with one hand and brought them all over.Aise first used a simple spell model made of secondary Animated Rune on a hamster, but it seemed to have no effect. The hamster looked at him with a confused face. Aise looked at the innocent hamster and fiercely hit its head with his fist that had a strengthened magic crystal attached to it. Seeing that the hamster was seeing stars, Aise smiled happily."Seeing these hamsters reminds me of my dead barbarian mother. I have to beat them up a few times to vent my anger!"Aise said with a mischievous smile. His hands didn't stop as he used the second spell model with the secondary Growth Rune as the core.As the simple spell model was activated, mana rushed towards the hamster. It seemed to feel that something was wrong. It struggled to escape, but Aise used his magic crystal weapon to stop it from moving.The mana smoothly flowed into the hamster's hand. The hamster's muscles all over its body exploded, and its eyes bulged out. It seemed to be in great pain and was rapidly aging."Huff … Huff …"The old hamster panted powerlessly. Aise was a bit surprised by this result, but it was also reasonable.It was an acceptable phenomenon for a spell that could accelerate the growth of plants and cause animals to age. Aise didn't have a high-powered microscope at the moment. Otherwise, he would have used a microscope to observe the cells and even the deeper changes. If the plants and animals in this world were also made of cells.

Then he used the spell model made of Nutrient Absorption Rune, but it seemed to have no effect. The old hamster was still lying on the ground. Aise tried to feed it food and found that after eating, although it didn't recover its youth, its weak state was greatly alleviated.In the next few days, Aise continuously used a few spells and repeatedly combined them. Finally, he came to a conclusion."The Animated Rune can also have a weak effect on animals. It can slightly increase the overall function of the animal. If used on dead objects or plants, the spell model made of the Animated Rune can have a strong effect and directly change the state of the object. It has the wonderful ability to give life to dead objects (including elements).The effect of the Animated Rune can be adjusted. We can use the Animated Rune to make an incomplete effect. In the end, we can turn a dead object into a slightly active object that can be controlled. This application may be one of the future research directions of magical shipbuilding.The Proliferative Rune has an effect on both plants and animals. It can accelerate the rapid growth of plants and animals in a short period of time, but in reality, it will cause a great loss of life.The Nutrient Absorption Rune can effectively absorb nutrients to nourish the target, but the nutrients can't come out of nowhere. The plants need fertile soil or fertilizer, and the animals need a lot of food. It's worth noting that this nourishment can't offset the loss of life caused by the Proliferative Rune. In other words, the Proliferative Rune will inevitably die young.Finally, we haven't studied the effect and nature of the unknown rune, but as long as this kind of rune exists, the above three types of runes will be effective. So we can assume that this rune is some kind of basic rune, just like elemental spells need the corresponding basic elemental rune to be effective.These three types of runes are related to life. I'll temporarily name this unknown rune as Life Rune. Its specific nature and effect will be studied in the future.In summary, after a thorough study of these four runes, I'm sure this is a new direction of magic research. Perhaps we can call it Life Magic! "Aise recorded the results of his research in his magic diary and closed the magic book.At this time, the mirror clone suddenly shouted, "I found a mystical combination spell!"