Report
                            
                            Late at night, in the bushes behind the orphanage, the light ball of the Secondary Illumination spell shone brightly. Anzesta sat on a high branch, looking around vigilantly."Olli, I really don't understand what an imaginary number is. Why would there be an imaginary number?"Arnaud scratched his head and looked at the exercise book bitterly.He had already memorized the Extreme Simple Meditation, which was Secondary Magic # 3 Single Rune Spell Model.For Arnaud, being able to meditate with the Extreme Simple Meditation was already a huge improvement. When he meditated, he could feel his body and spirit improving, which made him very happy.However, he still couldn't get rid of the terrifying Elementary Mathematics. He heard that it was a book compiled by someone called Aise. It was simply too scary.Anzesta looked at Olli, who was immersed in studying, and Arnaud, who was forced to immerse in studying. He said, "The almost public study of logic and mathematics among the wizard apprentices. Although no one leaked it because of the contract, at least this kind of behavior clearly announces that Scholar Aise is a wizard.""It's possible. He might even be the Firebringer. He created an exquisite magic book to train us. He must have his reasons. Let's wait patiently. "Olli said while correcting Arnaud's exercises.Anzesta didn't say anything. He actually didn't hate the feeling of being a wizard apprentice. Just like the Heart Flow Knights in the past, wizards were also a pure group that had already shown a strong sense of unity.The wizard apprentices' natural attitude towards studying the supernatural was somewhat similar to the Heart Flow Knights' attitude towards cultivation. They were all so pure."Maybe it's not bad for me to be a wizard apprentice knight."Anzesta said softly. He suddenly had an answer to something that had been puzzling him for a long time.He went from a wandering knight, the last Heart Flow Knight, to a wizard apprentice, one of the many apprentices. He had his own faction."The path of a knight's virtue isn't completely selfless. Virtue still has its own selfishness, and this selfishness is one's own faction. Noble qualities can't exceed one's faction. Otherwise, it would lose the meaning of protection. I protect the adepts and the weak mortals. All other Transcendents are my enemies!Knights must have someone to be loyal to, and that person is our faction, our leader!From today onwards, I am no longer a wandering knight, but a guardian knight of the Magus camp. I will use the creed of compassion to protect everything around me! "His thoughts gradually became clear, and so did his creed. He had been trying to combine his creed with the inherent magic power, and at this moment, there was finally a change.

"Protect your own faction till death do us part! With the Eight Virtues as the symbol and Mercy as the flag, I am the Knight of Mercy among the wizards. "Anzesta jumped down from the tree branch. He felt a warm current sprouting from his soul. It was the path of a knight, the path of compassion.The creed of compassion was a kind of power of will. It required the knight to truly understand the creed of his faith and experience the mortal world to finally understand his own heart!This was willpower, emotion, and humanity!Without the radiance of humanity, one would never be able to embrace this power!This was the will of humanity, the will of mortals. It was a thorough understanding of oneself and the understanding of the path. Protection was not unconditional. One had to protect one's own faction. When necessary, one could raise a butcher's knife to any enemy.Mercy also had conditions. Even when facing an enemy, one had to treat them with respect after killing them. One had to pity the weak and save the weak that did not threaten one's own faction.The entire will of the creed of compassion soared into the sky and turned into a huge pair of wings of light. With the will of holiness and protection, it merged with his own inherent magic power.The surrounding magic power boiled. After the will of compassion merged with the inherent magic power, it became completely different. It boiled and jumped with joy, transforming Anzesta's body, especially his beating heart.This magical power completely changed the heart, and at the same time, it also changed the power itself with the help of the changed heart. From now on, Anzesta was no longer a pure wizard apprentice, but a knight.Born from a wizard, accomplished by himself, and glorified by the path of a knight.The magic power boiled, as if cheering for the new knight.The heart of compassion!At this moment, the embryonic form of the extraordinary path of a knight appeared."From the will of the heart, merge with the inherent magic power, and go to the heart. This power will be called the Heart Force."Anzesta closed his eyes for a long time. When he opened his eyes, they were bright and full of spirit, with a will of perseverance and compassion."Uncle Melancholy, are my eyes playing tricks on me? Why do I feel like you suddenly grew wings?"Arnaud, who was struggling in the sea of math questions, looked around. He accidentally saw the changes in Anzesta."Arnaud," Olli's voice was sweet and gentle, but it made people's hair stand on end. Her eyes flashed with dissatisfaction, and she cutely said,

"Don't be distracted, you must focus on your studies! Arnaud promised to protect me forever. Without knowledge, you can't obtain the power to protect yourself on the path of a wizard and on the path of magic! "Her tone was so gentle, but it made Arnaud shudder.Arnaud put away his curiosity, scratched his head, and continued to study the inhumane mathematical knowledge. He secretly cursed the Firebringer, cursing him to fall down!Anzesta quietly looked at the two of them, the melancholy in his eyes somewhat retreating.In fact, compassion was not his original creed. Because of some people, because of some things, his creed changed.For a Heart Knight, this was a very serious matter. The creed was a lifelong path, and it could not be changed easily. If it was changed, it would be difficult to develop."If it wasn't for her, perhaps I would have died long ago. I miss her, I want to go back to that night. "His eyes were gradually filled with nostalgia. It was as if he saw the last dozen or so knights escaping from the bonfire, and the black-clothed and scythe-wielding pursuers chasing after them like hunting dogs.The knights rode on half-demon horses, raised their lances, and roared, "In the name of virtue, this group of enemies is worth fighting!"The timeline returned to the departing Hoods. The Night Owl, which was a mirror image of Aise's transformation, was spying on them from afar. The Hoods shuttled through the shadows of the night and entered a mansion in the stronghold."Great Leader, we went to Kitt's node, but we didn't find him," the leader of the Hoods bowed to the person sitting in the main seat of the mansion's hall and said in the language of the abyss."Kitt should have been discovered and captured by the legion. He tried to betray the great Lord of Darkness, and he has been burned to ashes by the shadow fire in his body. Did you kill everyone in his node? "The Hood in the main seat said in a low and calm voice."Killed them all. Not a single one of them was left alive."The Hood in the lead answered coldly.