Report
                            
                            Sensing the terrifying power, Ace made a prompt decision to abandon the entire spiritual appendage.The abandoned spiritual feeler was quickly burned to ashes by the power of Bright Dawn. Aise's face was pale and unsightly.Random positioning is almost inevitable, but if I don't explore it, I'm afraid I'll never be able to obtain more useful coordinates and discover all kinds of creatures from other dimensions.I can't give up eating for fear of choking. I have to improve the magic array and set up a magic array to interrupt the summoning ritual in advance.A week later, Ace added a new magic circle to the composite magic circle of the Indefinite Summoning Ritual, the Magic Circle of Interrupting Ritual.This magic array was equivalent to a safety valve. When necessary, it could forcibly retract the summoner's consciousness and spiritual feelers, or cut off and destroy the spiritual feelers to prevent others from finding out.Aise stood on top of the magic array and started the indeterminate summoning ritual again. Buzz!The spatial barrier was quickly broken through, and a unique coordinate rune was quickly formed.Aise looked at the coordinate rune, and a trace of doubt flashed in his eyes. This coordinate rune was very similar to the coordinate rune in his location. The only difference was that the strange symbol structure was reversed.It was like a mirror, reflecting two symmetrical coordinate runes.It was completely different from before. In a trance, it was as if he had jumped into a river, but instead of entering the river, he had entered the river's reflection.This was a gloomy world, almost only gray and white.If an analogy had to be made, this world was like a pencil sketch. When the creator was creating it, he seemed to be so busy that he forgot to color it.Dark, cold, this kind of power made Aise feel like he had seen it somewhere before.The Lord of Darkness!The name suddenly popped up in his mind. Everything here was so similar to darkness and shadows. The only difference was that there was no chaotic will everywhere, only bone-chilling coldness and darkness.This place must be related to the Lord of Darkness. Aise couldn't help but think.He looked around and found that the environment here was very similar to the valley in the Wizard Tower's territory. The gray and white Luminous City's reflection was in his field of vision.Looking further into the distance, this was the reflection of the valley. The whole world was grotesque and variegated. Some mountain ranges were inverted, some ground was like water ripples, some hills disappeared in an instant, and some places were the same as the real world.

At this moment, Aise began to notice the creature he had located. It was a strange crow that was completely composed of shadows. Perhaps it could be called a shadow crow.The crow looked at Aise's spirit feelers and the ritual mist with its lively eyes. It circled around him, gently pecking at Aise's spirit feelers.According to Aise's observations, this crow's strength was estimated to be on par with the ordinary blood crows of the Lar Mountain Range. However, the fact that a shadow creature could directly touch a spirit was unexpected to Aise.Unlike the minions created by the Lord of Darkness, which had the chaotic aura of the Abyss, this crow was made of pure shadow. It was a primitive shadow creature and had high research value.Aise activated the contract magic circle. The ritual mist surrounded him, and the soul spell, Charm Monster, was activated, luring the shadow crow to sign a master-slave contract with him.The shadow crow seemed to have sensed that something was wrong, but the ritual mist and Charm Monster were both tempting it. In the end, it signed a master-slave contract with Aise.As the contract runes left a master-slave mark on its shadow body, the ritual mist was also absorbed by it. Almost instantly, the shadow crow grew a lot bigger.Aise activated the summoning magic circle. The coordinate runes in the summoning circle appeared and connected with the coordinate runes in the reflection. Under the rhythm of the magic circle, a space transmission channel was formed.The space around the shadow crow began to twist. In a breath, it came from the reflection world to the real world. On the third floor of the west tower of the magic school.A month later, in the east tower of the magic school, an academic journal was being prepared.Standing on the high platform, Aise was wearing a pitch-black magic robe. The hexagram badge on his robe was shining brightly. The shadow under his feet was twisting from time to time, and occasionally, a few shadow crows would come out.Eleven intermediate apprentices were sitting in the seats below the platform. They looked at Aise on the platform and curiously stared at his shadow.Ace didn't explain the meaning of his shadow to the apprentices. Instead, he said to them:He said to them, "You've met all the requirements for graduation, except for publishing an academic paper. Today, I'll teach you how to write an academic paper. Many of you have already made the corresponding results. You just need to turn them into a standard paper!Papers and journals will be a powerful way for wizards to have high-level ideas. We follow the principle of equivalent exchange, but if some knowledge can be shared, it'll be more beneficial for all of us.I think we should share the basic runes, the principles of spells, mathematics, and even the principles of magic. These guiding knowledge should be published in the form of a paper.

All published papers should have one characteristic, and that is verifiability … "Listening to Aise's speech, the intermediate apprentices gradually understood the format of a paper and journal. However, they were still a little confused by the pure theoretical understanding.At this time, Aise took out eleven parchment scrolls from his belly. The shadow under his body moved, and eleven shadow crows jumped out. They held the scrolls with their claws and handed them to each of the apprentices present.Bayern took the scrolls from the shadow crows. They were cold to the touch, so he slowly opened them.A line of title came into view: Five Common Applications of the Activation Spell Series. Comment: Discovered the magic path of activating dead objects and plants, laying the foundation for the magic of activating dead objects. Highly pioneering, highly worth discussing, and important."You've just graduated from a beginner magic school. You don't need to delve too deeply into the mysteries of magic. As long as you can innovate a certain spell, improve a certain rune structure, or even come up with a new application for a certain rune or rune structure, or some extremely imaginative magic techniques, you can write a paper.At the end of the paper, you have to indicate the source of your reference, such as the article I published in the magic book, the textbook you studied, etc. In the future, if other people publish papers that refer to your paper, they will also have to indicate the source of their reference.I call this a citation.The publication of a paper will reward a certain amount of magic stones, and the citation of a paper will generate academic points. I will open a magic shop, and you can use magic stones to buy all kinds of ordinary magic goods.Academic points can be used to exchange for all kinds of precious things, such as rituals, magic materials, magic items, magic potions, and contracted monsters.For example, 100 academic points can be used to exchange for an advanced apprentice promotion ceremony. "Aise said softly as he looked at the apprentices studying the demonstration paper he sent them.Two months later, all the apprentices in the castle heard a piece of news. The magic journal "Spell" would be officially published next month, and the conditions for submitting articles would be announced in the first issue. Everyone could read and learn the articles in "Spell" for free.All of this made the apprentices talk about it. The idea that knowledge had a price had been deeply rooted in their hearts. Although they had to publish papers after graduation, many of them were not willing to share their research results for free.In the castle hall of the magic school, Eddie said to the apprentice next to him, "I, Eddie, am not willing to share my research for free. Even if I can't make any progress in my research and can't graduate, I will still insist that knowledge has a price!"


                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login