Report
                            
                            "What did you say? The advanced gargoyles are all sold out?"Eddie walked out of the magic item shop in a daze. His depression shrouded him. On the side of the street, he threw the flying carpet to the side and lay down on it. He didn't move and just lay there quietly.About half an hour later, Eddie regained his spirit and drove the flying carpet to his villa by the river.In his house, Eddie was sitting cross-legged on his bed. He murmured, "There's always a way. If there's no other way, I'll apply to hunt the unknown monsters! First, I'll connect to the Spiritual Dream Network and read the latest periodicals and newspapers. "Eddie's magic book flipped to the second page without any wind. He pressed his hand on it. Buzz!He adjusted his state and activated the self-suggestion spell. He entered the lucid dream state.There seemed to be countless people talking, sometimes far and sometimes close. It was like jumping into the water, but instead of sinking, it was like seeing the reflection in the water.This was the biggest magic item Aise had made in the past five years, the Tower Magic Network!On the top floor of the castle's west tower, there was a huge crystal magic ball that was radiating all kinds of signals. Outside the crystal magic ball, almost the entire Luminous City had been set up with signal conversion stations. The signal was full!The other three towns in the territory also had signal towers. Although the signal was delayed, there was no problem in connecting to the magic network.This magic network was born from the magic book's signal system, and the core was the crystal magic ball.The crystal magic ball was a mysterious crystal that was summoned by exchanging the flesh and blood of the giant monsters on the night of the waning moon. The Equivalent Exchange Summoning Magic Circle was a combination of the summoning ritual and the Equivalent Exchange ritual that was improved by Aise. It could be used to exchange extraordinary items with unknown existences in the world.This crystal was somewhat similar to the dream crystal of the Dream Serpent, but it did not have the mysterious rune structure. It was just a pure dream crystal.Every Apprentice Adept in the Tower's territory had left their own spirit imprint in it, forming their own Illusory Dream Space.Aise had been using the power of the book spirit to study the crystal left by the Dream Serpent for the past five years. He had successfully deciphered the rune structure and analyzed the mysterious dream rune group.With the help of the Dream Rune Group, he modified the Mirror Image Ritual. By using the Dream Rune Group, he slowly created a fake Dream Doppelganger. With the help of the evolution of time, he filled it with thoughts that were constantly emitted. Finally, he refined the Doppelganger that existed in the illusory Dream World into a real projection.

This method did not require him to harm his soul, nor did he need to separate his soul fragments and wait for his soul to recover. Instead, he needed time to slowly inject his scattered thoughts into it, turning the illusory dream clone into a real spiritual body. Then, he would use a sacrificial ritual to give it a magical body.Because it was a pure magic creation, and its foundation was the Dream Rune Group, once the projection was formed, it naturally had the ability of a Dream Creature. It could turn reality into nothingness, hide in dreams, and use dreams to grow.Aise let the Dream Projection enter the crystal ball and fall asleep in it, absorbing the dreams of the witches to grow. At the same time, it acted as the root of consciousness, using the mirror image of the Dream World as the public Dream Space.The Dream Projection, the crystal ball, the spiritual imprints of the witches, the signal tower and the signal conversion base station, and the magic books in the hands of the witches together formed the magic network of the tower. The entire tower had more than 1100 apprentices and 66 advanced apprentices.Almost all the time, the three necessary conditions for the continuous existence of the Spiritual Network were met. The total number of apprentices was more than 30, there were at least four intermediate apprentices, and there was at least one "root of consciousness."In just a few months, the magic network that could be connected at any time had become the favorite of the witches. There was even a saying that people were addicted to the network.Eddie "opened" his eyes. He was lying on his bed in his villa.He rolled up and directly flew out of the villa through the window. Outside was a boundless ocean. The villa was on the island, and the endless ocean embraced the island.After flying in the sky for a few rounds, he used his spiritual power to connect with the "sun" in the sky. Buzz!The soul vibrated rhythmically. The so-called "sun" was the hub of this Dream Space, the spiritual imprint left in the Dream Crystal Ball.Through the spiritual imprint, Eddie instantly passed through the "sun" and heard the squeak of the door opening.He came to a busy street, bustling with people, noisy voices, and picturesque buildings. There was also a straight tower that pierced the sky and was connected to the sun hanging high in the sky.This was a world that existed in the Dream Space, the "Fantasy Space of Magic." All the witches lived here, the great Fantasy Space City.This Dream Space City was suspended in the sky of the Dream Space. The whole city stood on a huge floating island. In the invitation letter that Aise gave to each of the witches, this city had millions of people and 100,000 square kilometers.

All the bustling crowd was formed by the scattered thoughts, thoughts, and thoughts of the witches drawn by Aise's Dream Projection. In the Dream Space, they served as the background and a few important NPCs. At the same time, it was also an attempt by Aise to create reality from illusion.Looking at the lively scene, Eddie's eyes seemed to be burning with fire. He said, "I don't know when we witches will be able to build a magnificent Space City in the real world and truly conquer the sky!"After a moment of heroism, Eddie walked to the teleportation circle on the street. After a moment of dizziness, he came to a classical building and pushed the door open."Old Connie, give me the latest 'Daily Tower', 'Magic', and 'Spells'."As soon as he entered the door, Eddie said loudly."Eddie, you're back. I've sent you several letters in your Dream Space to remind you that the advanced Stone Statue Demons are almost sold out." A red-haired young man with a flat nose was also here, flipping through a magazine."I've already checked. It's okay. Anyway, I have Magic Stones. Don't worry." Eddie pretended to be indifferent."That's good. It's a pity that I don't have enough Magic Stones. Otherwise, I could buy it and keep it for you." The young man with a flat nose said with some regret."It's good that you have the heart. I heard that there's a new restaurant in the front street called Hot Fire. They use hot plants collected from the west side of the Lar Mountain Range to make sauces. Master Aise named it Spicy Sauce. Their Steamed Fish Head with Diced Hot Red Peppers, Stir-Fried Chicken, and Spicy Fried Pork Ribs are very famous. Let's try it together tonight. "Eddie said with a smile.While the two were talking, the NPC old Connie had already sorted out a newspaper and two magazines and handed them to Eddie. He said with a smile, "Cheng Hui, it's a total of 301 Secondary Magic Stone points."Wizards could store their Magic Stones in the Magic Stone Bank on the west side of the Magic School Castle, and the corresponding Magic Stone points would be automatically generated in the Magic Network's Dream Space to be used for transactions.If Eddie didn't pay the corresponding Magic Stone points, he wouldn't be able to take the corresponding items.Eddie reached out his hand, and a light screen appeared in front of him. He tapped on the screen a few times, and after the Magic Stones were transferred, the newspaper and two magazines were in his hands.He opened the Magic Book, and a thesis topic attracted his attention. "Multiple Telepathy and Tactics." This topic instantly attracted Eddie's attention.

An intermediate Wizard Apprentice could only contract one Familiar. Although there were master-slave contracts that could contract multiple creatures, the specific number of contracted creatures was related to the Wizard's mental strength. However, this type of contracted creature couldn't be controlled like an arm, and it was very inconvenient to command them.
                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login