Report
                            
                            If one were to observe with their naked eyes, they would find that this group of people suddenly stopped moving. The surroundings were quiet, as if something was brewing in the environment.If one were to switch to the perspective of spiritual perception, they would find that each apprentice was like a small dot of light. Aise used the spiritual imprint in the magic book to generate spiritual chains to connect with them. Then, they themselves generated spiritual chains to connect with the mirror image.The spiritual connection network, which was real in spiritual perception but did not exist with the naked eye, was forming little by little."This is the first stage. The souls of all apprentices have already connected with the 'root consciousness' and the 'mirror image root consciousness'. Observe and record the characteristics of this stage!"Aise communicated with the mirror image through the spiritual connection network. Aise activated the spell "Insight Perception" to observe the situation of the spiritual connection network from the outside.The mirror image penetrated deep into every node of the network to observe their changes."From the outside, our souls have already left our bodies. The souls themselves are connected with the bodies by very thick and strong chains.At the same time, through the spiritual imprint in the magic book, many tiny spiritual chains have been extended. The connection is very stable. The apprentices are separately connected to the 'root consciousness' and the 'mirror image root consciousness'. The network formed on the soul level is like two bamboo hats, buckled together to form a relatively sealed soul space. "Aise used "Insight Perception" to observe from the outside and sent a message to the mirror image."From the inside, the souls have already formed a preliminary resonance. The souls of all apprentices are vibrating at the same frequency. We need to record the frequency threshold of this vibration for easy comparison.Using our own spiritual frequency as the benchmark value of 1, the current frequency threshold is 0.12, 0.3. "The mirror image sensed and recorded inside the network while it continued to send a message to the main body. "The current mental state of the apprentices is good. Some of them have already tried to communicate and exchange information. Record the current information flow speed to 1.""Okay, let's move on to the next stage. Every apprentice's spiritual strength is different. We will now gradually test the spiritual strength required to extend a spiritual chain. From now on, guide the apprentices to extend a third spiritual chain in the network and connect with the nearest one."Aise ordered the mirror image. He continued to observe from the outside through "Insight Perception".Buzz!The entire mental link network began to resonate, and the light spots of the apprentices' souls on every node began to vibrate rhythmically.Dana's soul node heard Aise's whisper clearly through the mental link.

"Through the spiritual imprint, send a spiritual chain to the nearest apprentice node. At the same time, receive and transfer the spiritual chain sent to you. Note that you can only send out one chain, but you can receive multiple chains, but you cannot receive each other. "The other apprentices also heard Aise's whisper. Like Dana, they tried to use Soul Chains on others.Through the spiritual imprint, their spiritual energy was transformed into spiritual chains by the spellbook, and slowly shot towards the nearest apprentice. Clang!Dana's mental link connected with a nearby acolyte. In an instant, their souls trembled. This was a feeling that no words could describe. As long as they were willing, every thought and thought could be exchanged in an instant. This feeling was both beautiful and terrifying.It was beautiful because they could communicate with each other without any barriers. It was terrifying because they could not keep their privacy.At this moment, another spiritual chain reached towards Dana. She accepted this spiritual chain. Clang!It was almost the same feeling, but there were some differences. Dana was no longer communicating with one person. Instead, she was communicating in multiple directions. Through her spiritual imprint, the other two nodes could also communicate with each other.This strange situation made her soul tremble, and her spiritual energy seemed to be rising on its own.However, this feeling of being completely exposed made her very uncomfortable. It was as if she was standing naked in a crowd. She tried to control her thoughts and gradually found a way.Through controlling the spiritual imprint, she could intercept her thoughts and only transmit what she wanted to. Dana slowly explored and researched."Looking from the outside, the entire mental link network is still stable. There are many spiritual chains extending from the inner space of the network. Their appearance has made the entire network more layered and complicated. There are some strange changes in the inner space of the double bamboo hat. We need more chains to determine what is going on."The main body Aise reported the results of the external observation to the mirror image."According to the internal observation, the information flow in the mental link network has greatly increased. The current information flow rate has reached 5,20. The spiritual resonance frequency threshold has also changed drastically. The current value is 0.8,1.5.The resonance and information are extremely active. The spiritual energy communication in the entire network has become more frequent and active. It seems to have produced some kind of domain-like effect. The spiritual energy of many apprentices has begun to loosen and rise, similar to what the main body felt before. "The mirror image avatar informed Ace of everything that it had sensed.The main body Aise stopped the external observation and began to immerse himself in the mental link network. He tried to find the feeling of his spiritual scale loosening like last time. He was looking for an opportunity to evolve.

He actively sensed the inner space of the mental link network and found that many apprentices in the nodes had similar signs of their spiritual power increasing. However, as for himself, it was only a slight loosening. He was far from advancing.Aise thought for a moment and ordered the mirror image, "Continue to extend the spiritual chains until they reach the limit. When the extended spiritual chains reach the limit, the second stage will be completed. We will try the third stage of group meditation to test the effect. "Under the whisper of the mirror image, Ace observed from the outside with his' Insight Perception '. The internal structure of the mental network that was shaped like an upside-down bamboo hat was becoming more and more complicated, as if there was a mist spreading. He could not help but think of the snake of dream that he had killed."If I can analyze the rune group in the dream crystal in the future, maybe I can really use this soul node network to create a special dream network.Dreams are considered to be the representation of the subconscious. If I use the dream rune group to combine with it, it might produce a very strange change. It might even be able to connect with the wizard's sea of subconscious! "Aise thought as he continued to observe from the outside."Main body, the spiritual chain extension of the spiritual link network has reached the limit. According to the statistics, between the spiritual power of 1,10 units, three basic spiritual chains can be extended. After exceeding 10 units, an additional 10 units can be extended to extend an additional spiritual chain.The spiritual resonance value of the apprentices in the network is 6,8. The information flow rate has reached 30,100. The second stage has been completed. "The mirror image reported to the main body.