Report
                            
                            As the Mana continued to gather, the Magic Ship's hull began to vibrate rhythmically. The Life Activation Magic Array lit up, and magic patterns and runes began to flicker one after another, transforming into a special type of Mana that flowed into the hull.The whole activation process was abnormally slow, which was far beyond Aise's expectations."The activation of the soul spell is very different from the activation of the secondary spell. It seems that while the activation is greatly increased, the time and mana consumption are also greatly increased!"Aise did not hesitate. He immediately took out a large number of magic stones from the belly and quickly arranged them on the lines to increase the overall mana input.Buzz!With the increase of the overall mana supply, the activation process of the hull began to accelerate. After about three hours, Aise had changed the magic stones 11 times, and the entire hull was finally completed.Aise sensed the immature telepathy of the hull and activated the contract magic circle. A piece of magic paper full of clauses floated over, and a golden scale rose up. The contract was established.With the permanent master-servant contract, the enchanted ship was Aise's familiar.Aise's activation was permanent. It could spontaneously absorb mana through the automatic absorption ability granted by the activation magic circle and store it at the bottom of the hull.Aise did not stop. The enchanted ship was now a magical life without any intelligence. He had to complete the activation of intelligence. With the surge of mana, the lines near the activation magic circle fluctuated little by little, and then lit up.The mana turned into little dots of starlight that surrounded the enchanted ship and slowly merged into it.Aise sensed through telepathy that the enchanted ship's obscure thoughts gradually produced a somewhat immature voice, babbling like a baby.The ahoge on top of Aise's head suddenly stood up. The knowledge infusion ability was activated. The common language, basic common sense, the basic operation of the enchanted ship, and the attack and defense knowledge were packed and stuffed into this immature consciousness.Betty looked at the enchanted hull, and her eyes flashed with longing. She whispered, "I want to make an enchanted machine, an intelligent machine!"It seemed that too much information was stuffed into the enchanted ship, and the immature consciousness of the enchanted ship fell into a deep sleep. It seemed that it was slowly consuming the knowledge.The mirror image returned to the magic castle in Luminous City and continued to produce guns and cannons to equip the fleet.Aise took the opportunity to complete the subsequent construction of the magic ship. He painted the exterior of the ship with a paint refined from magical materials as the outer shell.The outer shell was also engraved with runic matrices for strengthening, shielding, and magic crystal shields. The sails were engraved with wind runic matrices to adjust their direction. The bottom and rear of the hull were engraved with drainage runic matrices. If necessary, magic could be used to propel the ship away quickly.

The interior of the ship was engraved with Traceless Extension Runic Matrices, Reduction Runic Matrices, Reinforcement Runic Matrices, and Constant Light Ball Runic Matrices. Different rooms were engraved with various functional Runic Matrices.At the bottom of the ship, there was a huge Mana Storage Medium and Mana Conversion Array. The magic ship was constantly absorbing the surrounding Mana and storing it in the Mana Storage Medium at the bottom for the entire ship's use.On the exterior and interior of the ship, Aise led the apprentices to engrave various offensive Runic Matrices bit by bit. This made the entire magic ship into a mobile Magic Fortress on the sea with fast sailing, magic defense, and magic attack.After all this was done, a month had passed. The other five ordinary ships had already been launched. Borg had already prepared a crew and had been training on the ship for almost three weeks.The main ship had a total of eighty people, and the other ships had sixty people each. There were a total of three hundred and two crew members. The main ship was equipped with thirteen cannons and thirty guns, while the ordinary ships were equipped with eight cannons and twenty guns.The magic ship's consciousness had already been awakened. The entire magic ship was equipped with a small number of mortals in charge of food and beverage. The other things could be handled by the magic ship itself.The fleet of six ships was quietly anchored at the military berth in the harbor. Aise stood on the shore and looked at the thirty-meter long magic ship. His heart was filled with pride.Apart from the twenty-something apprentices who were assigned to guard the ship, the rest of the apprentices had already gathered on the shore and were waiting to see the first magic ship that belonged to the wizards.Aise looked at the apprentices waiting on the shore and spoke in a loud voice using the Booming Spell."This is a creation that belongs exclusively to magic, a miracle that belongs exclusively to the wizards!This is a magic ship that has its own consciousness. This is a magic ship that can talk to people. This is a magic ship that has life and wisdom and can complete navigation, defense, attack, and internal cleaning orders under the command of the wizards!I've named it the Knowledge-Seeker. It's a combination of the prefix of the word 'pursue' and the root of the word 'knowledge'. This name implies that we wizards have an unremitting pursuit of knowledge. Knowledge is eternal, magic is eternal! "The apprentices looked at the Knowledge-Seeker and became excited. This was a creation of magic, a miracle of magic. They cheered, "Knowledge is eternal, magic is eternal!"

Along with their voices, the Knowledge-Seeker took the initiative to sail to the shore. The side of the ship was leaning against the shore. The wooden planks on the side of the ship's hull moved and a wooden ladder extended to the shore.Under the leadership of Aise, the apprentices filed into the ship and climbed up the fresh wooden ladder.Bo Lina followed the crowd, and was in a good mood as she looked around the magic sailboat. The rich mana environment made her feel completely comfortable.Under Aise's command, they stood in a circle on the deck. The wooden deck under their feet wriggled and turned into a large round wooden plank, which carried them and glided on the deck.After waiting for the round living wooden plank to carry everyone around the deck, Ace said to the astonished apprentices, "Let's go."This is one of the abilities of the Knowledge-Seeker. As an integrated magical creature made up of tens of thousands of pieces of wood that have been living before, it can separate a part of it and make it come alive in a short time.This living wood can be in any shape and has a certain level of intelligence and reaction, but it can't exist for a long time. It will be a natural crew. Now, you are free to visit it. "As soon as Aise's voice fell, the apprentices felt the deck under their feet wriggling.Pa-da!Pa-da!One after another, small wooden figures crawled out from the wriggling deck. They were round, short pieces of wood, only as long as half a human leg.They were round and chubby, with short limbs made of wood, as well as wooden eyes, mouths, and ears.This was a very important ability that Aise had given to the magic ship. Through growth, the magic ship could produce no more than three hundred secondary magical creatures in a short time.These secondary magical creatures had a variety of functions, including service, crew, and combat. This was also the reason why the magic ship did not need a crew. The secondary magical creatures could do all the basic work.Bo Lina was instantly captivated by this little wooden man. Her heart was thumping, and an emotion called desire was constantly magnifying in her heart.I want to know how to create these magical creatures. I want to learn. If I can command a large group of magical creatures in the future, I won't have to carry bricks myself!Just as Polina was imagining, Betty walked past her while she was deep in thought.Betty waved her hands gently, and secondary runes appeared one after another. As she thought and tapped, they gradually formed a complicated secondary spell model.

Betty gently activated the spell model, and her mana began to move. In front of her, a clump of soil appeared out of thin air. It grew bigger and bigger, and when it was about the size of a palm, it stopped growing and fell down.Betty reached out and caught the clump of soil. She frowned as she felt the condition of the soil.The introduction of the life series runes had already appeared in the rune library of the magic book, and the basic activation spell had also appeared in the list of spell models. Betty immediately learned it and performed a minimally invasive modification.The result of the activation was not satisfactory. This secondary earth elemental was very clumsy, and this made Betty very disappointed.Borina, who was watching all of this, looked at the secondary earth elemental in Betty's hand. Her eyes instantly sparkled, and an extreme desire struck her. She quietly approached the blonde twin ponytailed Betty.