Report
                            
                            "Warren's question is very good. No matter what strange things we experience, we can't just remember the process. We have to delve deeper into the reason, explore the unknown, and pursue the truth!Daring to ask questions and have the courage to question is a necessary quality for a good wizard.As you all know, the second page of the magic book I gave you is your spiritual imprint. When you meditate, you will nourish your spiritual imprint. We've been nourishing and cultivating our spiritual imprint for many days, and today is the day we reap the rewards.The spiritual imprints are not only linked to each other to form a spiritual imprint network, but also because of the spiritual resonance of all wizards, it has become a more unique existence. It has witnessed the cornerstone principle and the original oath between us.Walloon and I are both filled with doubts and expectations about it. Let's activate the network of spiritual imprints once again and explore its mysteries together! "After Aise finished speaking, he took out his core magic book, flipped to the second page, and pressed down with his right hand.The ahoge on top of his head lay motionless. The book spirit was exhausted and had not recovered yet. It was still in a deep sleep and could not be awakened in a short period of time.Without the help of the book spirit, Aise and the other wizards would not be able to enter the sea of illusions and step into the embryonic form of the collective sea of consciousness again.Ace had also roughly realized this, but he couldn't verify its authenticity without conducting an experiment. He needed an experiment to verify it.Even if he could not enter the embryonic form of the sea of consciousness, he had achieved his goal. He also needed to verify the difference between the spiritual imprint network with and without the spiritual resonance of all wizard apprentices.This was a single comparative experiment, a tentative exploration of the spiritual imprint network that could represent the collective consciousness of all wizards.Under the cold light of the controllable light orb, the apprentices took out their magic books one by one. They touched the hexagram pattern on the book, flipped to the second page, and pressed down with their hands!* Buzz! *As everyone touched the spiritual imprint on the second page of the magic book, Aise, as the core, connected everyone in an instant.Compared to the other apprentices, his spiritual force was like a real burning torch, burning fiercely. The spiritual force of the other apprentices was like a tinder, small but with endless potential.Everyone's invisible spiritual energy followed the spiritual imprint on the spellbook and connected with Aise's core spellbook through the signal transmission function on the last page.The invisible spiritual network began to radiate from Aise, the blazing torch, to every apprentice on the scene, connecting them to each other.

Aise's spiritual scale, which was infinitely close to that of a hero, and the contract authority of the core magic book, made him the "root consciousness" of the network of spiritual imprints.He felt this spiritual imprint network. Everyone was connected to him through the spiritual imprint of the magic book. It was like an invisible spiritual thread.Aise carefully sensed. He tried his best to adjust the frequency of the spiritual vibrations, leading the group of apprentices to synchronize the frequency of the spiritual vibrations to a certain range.Weng!When everyone's mental power reached a certain range, the entire radiation network underwent a strange change, as if something was about to happen.Bayern stroked his short white beard, his loose and wrinkled right hand pressed on the second page of the magic book. He felt a tremor in his soul, as if he had taken a cold shower in the middle of winter.But after that, when his spiritual force connected with Aise's "main consciousness" through the spellbook, an indescribable pleasure appeared.On the other side, Dana and a few other female apprentices' faces were flushed, as if they were in a warm ocean.The group of apprentices felt both physically and mentally happy. Their spiritual force was extremely active, and even the upper limit of their spiritual force had a small increase.Some of the more restrained apprentices had already left the state of pleasure. They curiously tried it out and found that through the radiation network, they could communicate with Aise and the other apprentices. Their feelings and thoughts could be exchanged quickly.Aise felt that his spiritual scale, which hadn't changed for a long time, seemed to be showing signs of loosening. He tried his best to maintain it, hoping that it could achieve the final leap. But as time passed, the changes that Aise hoped for slowly disappeared, and Aise's spiritual scale, which had just loosened, also froze.The network didn't produce the changes that Aise wanted. It only retained normal communication and calculation abilities. This kind of spiritual network could be deduced and judged in an instant with the collective intelligence, and it was extremely intelligent and flexible.This kind of collective deduction and judgment was similar to the combination of collective brainstorming and collective scientific research in the real world. With the help of the rapid communication network, it could achieve the effect of simulating the deduction and judgment of the collective consciousness.Because it wasn't some stiff spiritual imprint that participated, but the direct participation of individuals full of active thoughts, this kind of deduction and judgment of the spiritual network had great potential to be unearthed.These were all very useful, but they weren't what Aise needed the most at the moment. This kind of radiation network's effect wasn't enough. It lacked a deeper, more magical change, the kind of vague and difficult to grasp changes that could loosen the spiritual scale.

Aise came to a conclusion from the loosening of his spiritual scale. Perhaps this deeper change could help him achieve the ultimate leap of his life essence!After experimenting for a while, he silently stopped the radiation network and disconnected the link with everyone. He spoke to everyone warmly."My apprentices, after this experiment, we can see that the spiritual imprint network has undergone even more changes with the participation of us intelligent subjects. We can communicate more effectively, and even make deductions and judgments with the collective intelligence.But this kind of connection alone can't be considered a success. At this time, we need to think, and ask a few more questions!Why didn't this kind of spiritual connection achieve the same effect as the Great Dream? Are there any other forms of connection? What's the principle behind the spiritual connection? Why can we link with each other? How can we improve this kind of connection? Are there other similar situations in nature?Failure isn't scary. On the path of researching the unknown, on the path of seeking the truth, we can't always be smooth sailing!It's already late at night. You can go back and think about it with your questions. Even if you want to continue researching, we need to rest first. Only with a good rest can we use our current state to research the unknown! "This time, Ace did not use his signature spell, "Suggestion". The highest Magus affinity talent he had obtained in the embryonic form of the subconscious sea was more effective than any mind control or mind influence type of soul spell!