Report
                            
                            Aise was wearing a black magic robe with a six-pointed star on it. He hugged Romon and Marina tightly and comforted them, "Don't worry, it's not important! As long as you're okay. "Aise paused for a second and then said, "Father, mother, I have something important to tell you. I'm a wizard!"Romon closed his eyes. His pride wouldn't allow him to shed tears in front of his son. Hearing Ace's words, he couldn't help but open his eyes and ask in a low voice, "What is a wizard?"Aise reached out his hand and the model of a secondary spell appeared in his hand.Crack!A secondary fire bullet appeared in his hand. With the guidance of Aise's power of the will, the secondary fire bullet hit the wooden bed and burned a fist-sized hole in it. The wooden bed was torn apart by the explosion.Then, Aise said to Romon and Marina, "This is a wizard. To be exact, a wizard is an advanced wizard apprentice. With the body of a mortal, the road to transcendence. Transcendence knowledge is the power of a wizard!"Romon looked at Aise and felt that his son had become a stranger. Then he thought of the blasphemer that the City-state was looking for some time ago. He couldn't help but worry, "Son, do you believe in demons or devils?"Marina was so worried that she cried and said, "What should we do? I heard that demons and devils will take away the souls of believers. My poor little Aise … "Looking at his parents' reaction, Ace didn't know whether to laugh or cry as he said, "I don't believe in anyone. This is the power of knowledge. I studied the notes of my ancestors, studied and imitated monsters, and created the extraordinary path of mortals.Father, do you remember the Beating Willow Tuber? It's one of the ingredients of the Spirit Overclocking Potion. That's when I realized the Spirit Overclocking and stepped into transcendence. "Romon recalled what happened after the price of the Beating Willow Tuber skyrocketed. It seemed that many people said it was effective and often secretly asked him for advice. He blushed and said, "As long as you don't believe in demons or devils. Dean of the City-state's royal family is still in the mansion. We have to find a way to sneak away.""If there's only one such hero in our mansion, you don't have to worry. I've already killed him," Aise said casually.Romon was shocked by Aise's careless tone. He said, "Are you sure you killed a handsome young man with blue hair and seven feet tall?"After Ace nodded his head, Romon sucked in a breath of cold air and grimaced as he said:

"That was a Quasi Hero, and a descendant of the royal family. You were able to kill such a powerful descendant of god. Wizards are so powerful! But we're in big trouble. We can't wait any longer. We have to run now! "Aise looked at his anxious father and said calmly, "Don't worry. Let Kelson organize the people in the mansion to bring food, livestock, all kinds of seeds, tools and precious metals to our mansion's fishing port. Then burn down the whole mansion. I've already prepared a fleet. They'll be here soon."Romon looked at Aise in disbelief and said, "There are more than three thousand people, and a lot of food, wine, livestock and precious metals. Do you have hundreds of sailing ships?"Aise smiled and said, "You'll know when the time comes. First, bring the things and people to the fishing port. Dana will meet you. I'll go to Medemus first."Romon grabbed Aise and said, "What are you going to do in Medemus? We're in big trouble. Why don't we run away? "Aise held Romon's hand and comforted him, "The Royal City shouldn't have reacted yet. I'll go to the city and take Dana and Bayern's family away. They're important to me. I have to make them feel at ease."Marina, who had been silent all this time, sobbed and said worriedly, "Little Aise, you have to make sure you're safe first. If there's any danger, we have to run away!"Aise looked at Marina's worried eyes and nodded solemnly. He walked out of the room and activated "Flash" in his soul space. He flew into the air.With an eagle's cry, Ace transformed into an eagle about the same size as himself. His entire body was protected by the Magical Crystal Protective Membrane as he flew in the direction of the Medemus Kingdom.Blink could greatly increase the speed of Ace the Eagle's flight and gliding speed. In less than an hour, he had flown to the vicinity of King City. King City was heavily guarded in the middle of the night, and there were shadows everywhere. He wandered around the vicinity, flying back and forth, using Insight to observe the situation inside and outside King City.The Medemus City-state had learned its lesson from the destruction of Northern Border City. On one hand, it had sent Dickens to guard the border with the demon's territory and built a fortress there. On the other hand, it had strengthened the defense of the Royal City. Dozens of divine inspectors were patrolling inside and outside the city, using strange items that could detect evil.Aise landed in a nearby forest and changed back to his original appearance."I definitely can't fly directly into the Royal City. I'm afraid I'll be shot in the air. Things are different now. The security is much tighter. I can only wait for the City-state's divine inspectors to take over the job and transform into a button to enter the Royal City. "

Then, Aise gently stroked the ahoge on top of his head and said, "Use the concealment ability." After transforming into a button and reducing its quality, he slowly rolled to the side of the road into the city and hid.About half an hour later, Aise stuck to the foot of a soldier and entered the city with dirt on his body.After the soldier entered the city to take over the job, Aise rolled out from under the soles of the soldier's shoes and transformed into a black cat on his way back to the barracks to rest.The black cat spoke in a strange tone. After cleaning himself with magic, he ran towards the First Street.Ten minutes later, Aise the black cat lightly leaped into the residence of Dana's family. According to his understanding, Dana's brothers were still unmarried and lived here.After a while, Aise charmed all of them. After confirming that there were no missing people, he asked them to gather and wait here. He then turned around and went to Bayern's house.Old Bayern's wife had passed away a few years ago due to illness. His son had also been beheaded by the barbarians in a battle for the City-state. He only had a twelve-year-old grandson at home.When Bayern went out to pursue the path of magic, he was most worried and guilty about this grandson.Aise the black cat sneaked into Bayern's house and directly charmed his grandson. Then, he used an incomplete transformation spell to transform his grandson into a button. He cast a spell to reduce the quality of the button and held it in his mouth. Then, he ran to Dana's house.Dana had three brothers. Her parents were still alive, but her grandparents had passed away early. Aise also transformed the five of them into buttons and cast a spell to reduce the quality of the buttons. Then, he put them in a small cloth bag.The sky was already bright. Aise told Dana to bring the people and things in the manor onto the magic ship through the sixth page of the magic book. They would go to the nameless island in the front sea and wait there. He would find a way out of the city after dawn.After receiving the message, Dana immediately said to Romon, "Uncle Romon, Lord Aise has told me to bring everyone and things onto the ship first. He will find a way out of the city after dawn and meet us at the agreed place."Romon looked at the six ships, and then looked back at the people in the manor and the large amount of food, seeds, and livestock. He signaled Dana to stay away from the people and said to Dana in a low voice, "There are only so many ships. We have to give up most of the slaves and belongings. For absolute safety, the others can't stay!"


                            
                                
                                
                                You've already exceeded your reading limit for today. If you want to read more, please log in.
                                
                                Login