CHAPTER-51
Chapter 51: Chapter 51: A Massacre Begins

With this punch, Jiang Ming created a sense of temporal chaos.
The fusion of nine kinds of Yang realms, even if it was just an initial fusion, caused a burst of power that made Jiang Ming’s own heart tremble.
Too strong.
Boom boom boom…
It was like a nuclear explosion. The void seemed unable to bear it, creating a twisted feeling. Many martial artists who attacked him were blasted away and spat out blood before they even hit the ground.
Five or six of them had their bodies explode on the spot, turning into a cloud of blood mist.
More than thirty powerful masters were attacking.
Not only did he manage to block them, but he also killed several of them.
So powerful that it made people shudder.
At this moment, Jiang Ming’s aura suddenly weakened. This was the side effect of having his body’s Qi being drained in an instant. However, the immense Dantian erupted like a volcano, generating a raging current of Qi, which quickly flowed throughout his body.
At this moment, a sword light rushed from behind, as if controlling the speed of light and piercing through time and space, reaching Jiang Ming’s back in the blink of an eye.
It was clearly an attempt to take advantage of his weakened state.
The tip of the sword contained an extremely sharp aura, unstoppable, and able to break and pierce through anything.
Jiang Ming’s aura had reached its limit and began to weaken, seemingly telling the hidden onlooker that this was the perfect opportunity to attack.
Anyone would think that he had exhausted too much energy and was at the end of his strength.
After all, what kind of powerful opponents did he just fight against?
Would it be possible to block and kill them with little effort?
“Trying to take advantage of me?” Jiang Ming sneered as his body suddenly twisted. Without even showing how he acted, a finger had already blocked the tip of the sword.
A dazzling light gathered at his fingertip, like the stars in the night sky.
The long sword suddenly stopped and then exploded in a burst of light. The famous sword couldn’t withstand the force of the collision and shattered on the spot.
The attacker’s pupils constricted, and his hair stood on end, showing an incredulous look on his face.
His long sword was a treasure, and there were few comparable weapons in the world.
Even under the circumstances of a surprise attack, he would have been confident in killing Elder Zhang.
But his opponent successfully blocked him.
The power that was supposed to be weak did not diminish at all.
And he shattered the long sword.
“What kind of monster are you?!” The middle-aged man couldn’t help but curse as his defense was broken; his body, like a puff of green smoke, suddenly retreated.
He wanted to leave.
If the first attack didn’t succeed, he would quickly retreat.
“You want to escape?” Jiang Ming sneered coldly. With a slight movement of his feet, he shot out faster and more urgently than his opponent.
During the previous battle, his mind had encompassed all directions, observing everyone clearly, both those who attacked openly and secretly.
Just like this opponent; a Great Grandmaster.
He was not a Great Grandmaster of Dalin Temple but was skilled in hiding techniques and comprehending sharp realms. According to the secrets narrated by the Ninth Princess, he speculated that it should be the Tower Master of the Blood Shadow Tower.
It was also an organization of assassins.
In an instant, he caught up with his opponent.
“Blood Shadow Tower Master? If you came, you shouldn’t leave!” said Jiang Ming, as he pointed out a finger. The light suddenly appeared, like a meteor streaking across the sky.
This was his comprehension of the Star-pointing Finger.
With the Six Meridians Divine Sword as the main style and multiple finger techniques as references, combined with the realms of wind, speed, and sharpness, he created the most powerful finger technique.
A touch of starlight at his fingertip shattered all countless laws.
The Blood Shadow Tower Master’s hair stood on end, unable to dodge the attack. He raised his hand and turned it into a fist, striking the sword.
His face suddenly changed.
The fist wind was penetrated, the entwined Air of Gang was easily torn apart, then his skin was broken, and the force shot up along his arm from his shoulder.
As the pain arrived, his arm burst open.
One finger shattered his arm.
Slap…
Jiang Ming’s big hand swung, his Qi surged, and his Primal qi condensed, turning into a large handprint that smashed his opponent into the ground, creating a deep pit in the hard rock.
He landed and stepped on the opponent’s chest.
At this moment, apart from the screams, everyone was stunned.
Between the rise of the rabbit and the fall of the eagle, Jiang Ming’s combat record shocked everyone.
“Is he still human?” Constable Jin was horrified.
“Not a human, but a god!” Lu Yuan took a deep breath, and the rich smell of blood calmed him down.
Jiang Ming’s combat power made him, a Great Grandmaster, feel insignificant. “1 was worried that he would be buried and it would be troublesome to recover his body later, but it seems that there is no need to worry now.” Lu Yuan felt much more relaxed, but looking at the corpses around and the huge Gate of the Hill, his heart suddenly sank, and he sighed quietly, “Brother Jiang always says that if you don’t seek death, you won’t die. Look, Dalin Temple has invited what kind of people?”
“Eight of the Demon Sect’s Twelve Dharma Kings have come. After Sect Leader Yang Kaitai’s death, they are the strongest foundation. Now, they have basically all arrived. Knowing that Brother Jiang is very strong, they still came in large numbers, isn’t that stupid?” Lu Yuan continued.
“Not really stupid, they should be confident since it’s Dalin Temple. After a thousand years of accumulation, there are countless powerful people, as well as many experts invited by Dalin Temple. Who can resist such forces in the world? Even Elder Zhang couldn’t.” Constable Jin said seriously, “They are confident, but perhaps, they also want to take revenge for the Sect Leader. According to the Demon Sect’s style, who could ascend to the throne if they don’t take revenge? This should also be a test for the position of the Sect Leader.”
“That makes sense, but either way, they’re done for. This time, the Demon Sect is completely finished.” Lu Yuan looked somewhat gleeful, “Have you noticed? There’s also the leader of the Sea Sand Gang, the leader of the Giant Whale Gang, the leader of the Black Water Sect, and so on. It seems like they’re all little brothers of Dalin Temple.”
“Oh, those burly, simply dressed warriors with a fierce aura should be from the North Barbarians.”
“And those in black clothes, with a sense of authority, perhaps… hey, interesting!”
“A group of such terrifying existences, but Jiang Ming killed the Guangming Monk, punched through several Grandmasters, and heavily wounded the others, making them all vomit blood.”
“I was dumbfounded.”
“That’s not all, the moment Brother Jiang was ambushed, my heart jumped into my throat. That Great Grandmaster attacked just when Jiang Ming’s aura weakened. The timing was impeccable. If I were in his place, I would’ve been dead for sure.”
“Brother Jiang blocked it with just one finger.”
“Then he killed him in retaliation!”
“This…”
Lu Yuan couldn’t help but grin.
This was so surreal.
“That should be the Tower Master of the Blood Shadow Tower. He is actually in the Grandmaster Realm. It’s so unexpected.” Constable Jin also sighed, but wondered, “As an assassin organization, why did he take action?”
This was also Jiang Ming’s question.
“Dalin Temple offered too much!” The Tower Master under his foot answered.
“As a Great Grandmaster, what can still entice you?” Jiang Ming puzzled.
The Tower Master of Blood Shadow Tower was silent, and then said, “How about sparing my life? From now on, Blood Shadow Tower will be at your service.”
Bang…
Jiang Ming moved his foot and crushed him directly.
At my service?
He didn’t feel comfortable keeping an assassin around, and there was no need for it.
His gaze shifted to Master Pudu.
The abbot trembled, his hands clasped, revealing a compassionate smile, sincerely and humbly said, “Benefactor Jiang, what can we do to make you spare our Dalin Temple?”
“Spare?” Jiang Ming said, and then pounced, “If you don’t die today, I’ll let you go!”
Today, he would slaughter relentlessly..


CHAPTER-52
Chapter 52: Chapter 52: Burying Everything

Unstoppable, completely unstoppable.
None could stand in his way.
Master Pudu was killed in an instant, and the monks of Dalin Temple went berserk, launching wave after wave of fearless attacks.
Clang…
Jiang Ming’s long sword burst forth, executing Ten Thousand Swords Return to One, annihilating countless enemies.
Blood flowed like rivers, dyeing the mountain peaks red.
Flee, flee, flee…
Some monks, terrified by the slaughter, repented and fled down the mountain; others who had been invited to watch, or who wanted to pick off the leftovers, turned and ran as well.
The figure before them was not a human but a killing god, a demon, a fierce ghost, beyond the resistance of any mortal force.
“Flee?”
Jiang Ming leaped into the air, his sword’s radiance reaching a hundred meters away.
With one swing of his long sword, sword qi shot out up to 500 meters, making escape impossible.
Whoever tried to flee would be the first to die.
Front Mountain, Back Mountain, Jiang Ming made several killing rounds.
Bodies littered the mountains, and blood flowed like waterfalls.
At the end, he stood on the highest peak, gazing at the many martial artists who had come to watch the fight; they shuddered as his eyes swept over them. Some even collapsed to the ground.
“From now on, those who want to confront me should first consider whether they can bear the price of my retaliation!” Jiang Ming’s voice boomed like a giant bell, echoing throughout the mountains.
The slaughter today was also in preparation for the third year.
By then, those who were rejected by the will of Heaven and Earth would be influenced by an invisible will and might try to besiege him.
No, they definitely would.
By that time, he would face an even more terrifying situation.
But after today’s massacre, those who wanted to make a move would hesitate.
“Everyone!” Jiang Ming sheathed his sword and bowed to the crowd in the distance, “Among you, there must be quite a few disciples of the righteous sects. Today, many of the Demon Sect’s grandmasters and experts have been killed by me. Two months ago, the sect leader of the Demon Sect, Yang Kaitai, was also killed by me. That is to say, the Demon Sect is now at its weakest point, and you can all go and make a name for yourselves.”
“The Demon Sect has been resisting the righteous path with its power alone, so they must be hiding countless treasures, countless wealth, various cultivation techniques, divine weapons, and miraculous medicines.”
“This is a once-in-a-millennium opportunity. If you miss it, you’ll miss the chance to become a powerful martial artist!”
“Seize the opportunity, exterminate the Demon Sect, become famous throughout the world, be remembered for a thousand years, and enhance your strength!”
Having said this, Jiang Ming headed towards the scripture repository of Dalin Temple.
This was also one of his targets.
The battle ended with more than 80% of the people at Dalin Temple dead or injured. The remaining disciples were either below the Innate Realm, fled down the mountain, or escaped into the depths of the mountains. Some ordinary disciples, such as those skilled in fire, stayed behind.
The news spread far and wide, shaking the world.
Most people thought Jiang Ming would fall at Dalin Temple, but they had no idea such a situation would unfold.
Three great grandmasters perished, and over thirty grandmaster martial artists were killed, along with many other fallen powerful fighters.
This battle was even more fierce than when Elder Zhang took on the Demon Sect years ago.
Dalin Temple was ruined.
Imperial Capital.
The Crown Prince was dignified and awe-inspiring without showing anger. He held a teacup and listened to the messages coming back: “He actually slaughtered Dalin Temple. How can there be such a powerful person in the world? All in all, seven Great Grandmasters have died at his hands, right?” “Seven Great Grandmasters!” The Crown Prince’s scalp tingled.
“Your Highness, he said he would come to the Imperial City!” An elder bowed and said.
“Come to the Imperial City?” The Crown Prince laughed, “1 hope he comes. No matter how strong he is, he is just one person. Can he really resist a large army? If one thousand is not enough, then three thousand; if three thousand is not enough, then thirty thousand; if thirty thousand is not enough, then three hundred thousand.”
“Your Highness, what if he really comes to the Imperial City?” The elder pondered, “I’m afraid it would be troublesome if he comes in secret. Even if he comes openly, we must be on guard. After all, he is too strong, beyond common sense. Your Highness, he hasn’t come down from the mountain yet, but the City Defense Army has already assembled there, and the Black Flag Army led by General Chang has also arrived. Shall we deploy them? It would be best if we can encircle and kill him. If not, consider it a test for targeted slaughtering next time.”
“Kill!”
“Yes, Your Highness. What about the Emperor’s side, and…”
“No problem!” The Crown Prince stood up, his eyes sharp, “I’ve been waiting for too long, and now the time is barely ripe…”
He didn’t continue speaking.
Zhen Wu Sect.
“Dalin Temple has been slaughtered!” Elder Zhang stood at the edge of the cliff, looking at the rolling clouds and frowning deeply, “His killing intent is too strong. If seeking revenge, there is no need for slaughter. But…around twenty years old and already at the peak of martial arts, what kind of origin does he have?”
“Alas, I don’t know whether this is a blessing or a curse?”
Elder Zhang sighed.
“Master, he should be resentful of evil and takes vengeance for even the smallest grievance. He cannot bear a slight insult; that’s why he takes extreme revenge. After all, he has been targeted several times, and any other person would have already died.” A middle-aged man beside him said, “Didn’t the youngest junior brother say he is a good person? The first time they met, he exchanged his martial arts skills, and the second time they met, he even opened his collection of various secret techniques, even including the publicly deduced Nine Yin and Nine Yang. Such martial artists with magnanimous hearts and heroic characters should be considered a good thing for the world of martial arts. After all, there will be peace in the martial world for a long time, a very long time after this incident.”
“But 1 have a bad feeling!” Elder Zhang’s voice was ethereal.
Inside a meditation hall in Dalin Temple.
In front of Jiang Ming were many martial arts scriptures, as well as various precious spiritual elixirs and tonics hidden in Dalin Temple.
“Yi Jing Sutra, Marrow Cleansing Scripture, Shenzu Scripture, Flower Picking Finger, amazing. These are all top-notch martial arts.” Lu Yuan’s eyes shone, “Elixir of Great Returning, Small Returning Pill, eighteen whole pieces of thousand-year ginseng, oh my God…”
“You can watch the martial arts as you please, but the tonics are mine!” Jiang Ming laughed.
“As the saying goes, sharing when we meet, Brother Jiang. We don’t need half of them. One-tenth or one-twentieth would be enough, right?” Lu Yuan stared at the Elixir of Great Returning with saliva flowing.
“Brother Jiang, what about a sister here?” Constable Jin directly hugged his arm.
Jiang Ming’s mouth twitched, “Alright, everyone can have some, is that okay?”
“Speaking of, if 1 were to oppose the whole world and the heaven and earth, what would you choose?” He asked a strange question.
“Oppose heaven and earth? Isn’t that nonsense? Are you trying to blow up the whole world?” Lu Yuan laughed, “Of course, if we must oppose, then we will oppose. After all, without you, 1 would have already died in Black Wind Village!” “Brother Jiang, I have already massaged your back and shoulders, served you tea, and poured water for you. How about I warm your bed tonight?” Constable Jin joked.
But her face turned red.
“Brother Jiang, count me in!” The Ninth Princess walked in from outside. Her eyes swept around, and Constable Jin quickly let go of Jiang Ming’s arm.
“Alright!” Jiang Ming showed a trace of strangeness, “How did you come here?”
“I’m worried. I’ve already arranged for the Tianwu Manor, so 1 came to see what’s going on!” The Ninth Princess still had the shocking look in her eyes.
How magnificent the Dalin Temple was, and yet it was leveled.
It was all due to the effort of a single person.
Looking at the young man in front of her, her eyes were filled with astonishment. She stepped forward and lowered her voice, “Brother Jiang, where are you going next?”
“The Demon Sect should be finished. We can only go to the Imperial Capital!”
“The Imperial Capital has a stationed army of two hundred thousand troops and countless strong people. It is not comparable to Dalin Temple. Brother Jiang, are you really going?”
“Two hundred thousand? Let’s give it a try and see if we can break through!”
“Fine, 1 will collect your corpse when the time comes, so that you don’t expose it in the wild!” The Ninth Princess said solemnly, “Approximately when?”


CHAPTER-53
Chapter 53: Chapter 53: Dragon Elephant Suppresses the
Prison

When are you going to the capital?
Jiang Ming pointed to the many martial arts classics: “Once I digest these, I’ll go!”
“With your speed, I’m afraid it will take two or three months.” The Ninth Princess estimated for a little while, then said, “Brother Jiang, they’ve sealed off the area around the foot of the mountain. They’ve called in the City Defense Army from the surrounding areas, probably around 5,000. Plus there’s 1,000 Black Flag Army, heavily-armored cavalry. If we are surrounded, it would troublesome.”
This was her main purpose for coming.
Jiang Ming smiled, somewhat bloodthirsty.
The Ninth Princess felt a shiver, turned around and left: “Brother Jiang, I’m leaving.”
“So soon?” Jiang Ming was surprised.
“I have to hurry!” The Ninth Princess stopped, turned back, brushed her hair, and said in a lower voice, “Brother Jiang, if I were to become enemies with the entire world, would you help me?”
Her gaze was sharp, with a trace of expectation.
“Aren’t I going to the capital soon!” Jiang Ming felt a little embarrassed under her gaze.
“I’ll wait for you!” The Ninth Princess left cheerfully.
Constable Jin hurriedly followed her.
“Brother Jiang, the little girl seems to be knocked off her feet by you. The honorable princess, yet the princess with the highest talent, and the princess at the Grandmaster’s level.” Lu Yuan said sourly.
Jiang Ming was speechless.
Outside, pavilion.
The two women stopped, and Constable Jin stood anxiously with his head down.
“I’m well aware of your situation on the way here. You’re about to consummate with me personally assisting you towards being a Grandmaster, aren’t you!” The Ninth Princess said, turning towards the distance with her hands behind her, her voice very calm.
“No, no, no, I didn’t… Your Highness…” Constable Jin suddenly became panicked, even more uneasy, “I just… 1 just want to improve my power to help Your Highness.”
“No need to explain. It’s rare for someone as careless as you to finally devote yourself to something.” The Ninth Princess’s tone softened a little, “If we don’t die, 1 will be your older sister in the future!”
As soon as the words fell, she used her light skill to leave.
Only then did Constable Jin raise his head, his expression complicated.
The outside world was in turmoil, but Jiang Ming paid no mind.
He just immersed himself in the ocean of martial arts classics, also constantly taking medicine to refine his body, and refining his already perfected body refining method, absorbing many secrets from the Dalin Temple, he once again refines it anew.
“It seems like the potential of my body is endless!” Jiang Ming was very surprised.
“Is it because the ‘Reincarnation of Nirvana’ talent gives me an unimaginable vitality? Or is it because I’ve comprehended too many realms of comprehension, and the tempering of heaven and earth Dao resonance has caused my potential to skyrocket?”
He didn’t know.
But it was definitely a good thing.
“The most top-tier power in this world is only at the Great Master Realm, but it’s only at the Quasi-fourth layer in the main world. They have limited horizons, limited foundations, even if they exhaust all martial arts in this world, it would be hard to comprehend unparalleled body refining method!”
Jiang Ming thought to himself, remembering the many fantasy literature from his previous life. The most impressive ways to refine the body were Divine Elephant Prison Skill and the Eight-Nine Mystery Skill.
Especially the Divine Elephant Prison Skill, that shocked him.
“Guiding the Qi to form a God, the God to form an Elephant. A human body is composed of millions of particles. If its potential is awakened, every tiny particle is the force of a giant elephant. There are countless types of elephants, the giant elephant is young, it transforms into a dragon elephant, the dragon elephant is young, it transforms into the original elephant, the original elephant is grown, it transforms into a god elephant. This is great success.” “Are particles the same as cells?”
“But the number of cells in a human body, depending on height, is between forty and sixty trillion.”
Awakening particles?
Refining cells?
This is from the microscopic level.
Jiang Ming shook his head, this was completely beyond his current capabilities.
“One step at a time!”
Pushing down his thoughts, he perused the scriptures, deciphered the realm of comprehension, and refined his body in a relaxed manner.
Two months passed in the blink of an eye.
Early in the morning, sunlight streamed down, radiantly warm.
On the edge of a cliff, Jiang Ming was sitting here, gazing at the great sun in the east, he was entranced: “I have fully deliberated on the Realm of comprehension of the Nine kinds of Yang, and 1 have reached the Great Success Realm for all of them. I even merged them into one and entered the Minor Success stage. My Dantian’s Sea of Qi was stimulated, and if it weren’t for the constraints of heaven and earth, my Qi would have probably liquefied long ago.”
But…
He was unable to comprehend the Realm of Yang.
“If Nine Yangs as one is not the real Yang, then what exactly is the ‘True Yang*?”
Jiang Ming frowned, pondering.
The fact that he failed to enter the doorway after waking up from Yin and Yang dealt a considerable blow to him.
With a leap, he returned to his place.
He had read all the scriptures and martial arts classics, and all kinds of elixirs and medicinal aids had been consumed to provide nourishment for his surging Blood Qi.
“It’s time to leave!” After some clean-up, Jiang Ming set off.
“So soon?” Lu Yuan followed.
Constable Jin was carrying a small bundle.
As for the scriptures?
She had long had someone secretly make a duplicated copy and sent it to the Tianwu Villa. What would happen to this place after they left? Of course, the government would take over.
“Came from interest, leave from interest.” Jiang Ming smirked, “What, do you want to stay and become monks?”
“I think it’s possible!” Constable Jin’s eyes lit up, tempting, “Brother Lu, with your strength, you could totally become the abbot, develop this place, and become the founder of a lineage. With these endless cultivation methods, even if you establish a new sect, Brother Lu, would you like to give it a try?”
She really hoped, once he decided to stay, there would be only her and Jiang Ming left on the road ahead.
“You two are so wicked.” Lu Yuan sneered, “You actually want me to abandon the hustle and bustle of the world, and forsake women, wine, and food. How would that be possible? My heart is in the world, naturally my body should also be in the world. I want to leave a monument in the world, how can I do that in a plain mountain?”
Joking and laughing, they almost reached the foot of the mountain. A man from the Six Gates appeared ahead, bowing, “Greetings, A4r. Jiang, constable Jin, and young master Lu, the foot of the mountain is besieged. There are archers, long-spear soldiers, and blade arrays. In the periphery, there are a thousand heavily-armored cavalry, always ready to charge.”
“Brother Jiang!” Constable Jin was slightly tense.
“Most of them are innocent!” Lu Yuan remarked. As for being nervous?
How could that be possible!
Wasn’t Dalin Temple strong? What ended up happening?
Even if faced with an overwhelming force, they could easily escape. He knew how terrifying Jiang Ming’s strength was, and how strong his physical body was. He had previously felt the thick Blood Qi erupting from Jiang Ming’s body refinement at close range, to the point where he couldn’t get near it.
At that time, he had even made a sour remark: “With this body of yours, you could break through a mountain.”
Jiang Ming just smiled.
At the foot of the mountain.
The army was in full preparation, the leading commander sat on a high horse, entirely surrounded by heavy armor, revealing only his eyes. Clearly, he knew of Jiang Ming’s terror. Watching the three descend the mountain, he took a deep breath and shouted, “Jiang Ming, you unjustifiably massacred Dalin Temple, piled up corpses into mountains, and turned rivers into blood, committing heinous crimes, and you must be punished. If you kneel and confess now, there may still be a glimmer of hope for life, otherwise, under the rain of arrows, we shall kill you on the spot.”
“Since you know me, you should also be aware of my battle record!” Jiang Ming didn’t halt his steps, but his voice reached the ears of every soldier, “With just you people here, it wouldn’t even take me a few swords. If you leave now, I can act as if nothing happened. Otherwise, this day next year will be your death anniversary.”
“Arrogant!” The commander was infuriated, but retreated into the veteran group, raising his long blade high.
He regarded the world of martial artists with disdain.
Before he could give the order, Jiang Ming raised his hand and pointed in the air, several Sword Qis whistled over. His pupils shrank and before he could react, he felt a pain in his forehead.. In the next instant, he was plunged into endless darkness, and his dying thought was: He really is strong!


CHAPTER-54
Chapter 54: Chapter 54: One Sword Breaks a Thousand Armors

Several leaders were killed in the blink of an eye.
The army waiting in strict formation suddenly panicked.
“Get lost!” Jiang Ming shouted angrily, a monstrous Killing Qi burst forth, sweeping across the vast space, causing thousands of soldiers to instantly fall into chaos, many of whom turned around and ran.
This triggered a chain reaction, as they all began to flee.
“They’re too useless!” Lu Yuan exclaimed in astonishment, “Shouldn’t they be enraged and rush towards us?”
“The City Defense Camp has long been severely corroded with very little combat power. Moreover, most of them have probably heard tales of Brother Jiang’s terror, so they’ve been trembling in fear. Now they see Brother Jiang killing their leaders with a flick of his fingers. What else can they do? They don’t have much loyalty left.” Constable Jin’s expression was solemn as he sighed, “The entire nation is like this, and it’s difficult to turn the tide now. Otherwise…”
Otherwise, even the strongest sect forces wouldn’t dare to openly confront the Court.
Far away, in an open area.
A thousand heavily-armored Black Flag soldiers were stationed here. As soon as Jiang Ming and the others descended the mountain, they heard the news. Now they all mounted their horses, holding heavy blades in their hands.
“Commander, Jiang Ming has successively killed seven Great Grandmasters and single-handedly slaughtered a sect with a thousand-year history like the Dalin Temple. Can our little army really kill him?”
“People from the world of martial arts are just a motley crew; they can’t contend with our military formation, let alone heavy cavalry! Don’t worry, our thousand soldiers stand as one, all wearing heavy armor. Can his Sword Qi really penetrate that? If he can break through one, ten, or a hundred of us, can he break through a thousand? If so, he’s not human, he’s a god.”
“But…”
“There’s no but! Great Grandmaster? Today, let the people witness the might of our Black Flag Army and the majesty of the Court. Moreover, don’t forget that there are numerous unparalleled Cultivation Skills and endless treasures in the Dalin Temple. Once Jiang Ming is killed, we will have accomplished a great feat.”
At this moment, the City Defense Camp’s soldiers were seen retreating towards them.
“Defeated? So quickly?” General Chang’s face changed, and he shouted, “Those who retreat will die!”
“Those who retreat will die!”
A thousand Black Flag soldiers shouted in unison, their voices booming, especially when it echoed between the mountains, it was even more resounding, causing the City Defense Camp’s soldiers to hesitate, almost breaking their courage.
Fortunately, this area was spacious enough.
With no route to the front and no way to retreat, they would have to detour from the sides.
The crowd swiftly dispersed in the blink of an eye.
“Commander, should we intercept them and make them block Jiang Ming’s path?”
“Once their morale is broken, driving them back will be of little use, and it might even hinder our formation when we launch an attack.”
As the crowd dispersed, the figures of Jiang Ming and the others appeared in front.
“Prepare!” General Chang raised his long sword and swiped it downwards, “Charge! Kill them all!”
Boom, boom, boom…
The warhorses charged, and the earth shook.
A thousand heavily-armored cavalry marched forward like a mighty mountain, far more terrifying than five thousand City Defense Camp soldiers.
Jiang Ming stopped suddenly.
The oncoming Killing Qi made his heart and mind tighten slightly.
“Killing Qi, murderous intent, and Blood Qi are tightly integrated through long-term training, forming a unified torrent like a surging river, creating an unstoppable momentum that can destroy anything.”
“This is the power of the military formation!”
Jiang Ming’s eyes were bright, and his heart was moved. The Slaughter Sword Intent burst forth, originally at the Great Success realm, but at this moment, it advanced further, leaping up and stepping into the realm of Perfection.
The Sword Intent pierced the sky, shaking the mountains.
The might of one person was not weaker than that of a thousand soldiers.
At the same time, as the Sword Intent reached Perfection, his body, will, soul, and others all experienced the baptism of Heaven and Earth’s Dao Resonance, becoming even stronger and unleashing explosive potential. Within his Dantian, his Qi surged violently, as if attempting to liquefy, but at the critical moment, it could not break the shackles.
Jiang Ming realized that it was the limitation of Heaven and Earth, and the restriction of his current realm.
He suddenly understood that if he could reach the realm of Perfection, he could easily liquefy his Qi and directly step into the Fourth Realm of Martial Arts.
Once he returns to the Main World, he will surely break through.
“You have helped me improve a little, and 1 will use this improvement to help you too!” Jiang Ming whispered, his feet lightly moving, and he soared into the air. A gentle force of wind wrapped around his body, allowing him to levitate briefly.
“Ten Thousand Swords Return to One!”
As the Heaven Splitting Sword was drawn, the dense Killing Qi around Jiang Ming grew even stronger. The soaring Sword Qi directly tore through the clouds above, and as Sword Intention filled the air, and Primal Qi trembled, numerous Sword Qi appeared around him.
Each strand of Sword Qi was infused with a hint of Slaughter Sword Intent.
The scene caused the expressions of the 1000 Black Flag Army to change, their speed suddenly decreased.
The warhorses all neighed in unison.
General Chang’s expression finally changed, “How could he possibly reach this extent?”
A feeling of horror rose in his heart.
“Die!”
Jiang Ming let out a roar that shook the Nine Heavens. The Sword Qi spewed out from the Heaven Splitting Sword reached a hundred zhang in length, making it truly like a colossal sword reaching the heavens, causing those who saw it to feel their blood run cold and their souls tremble.
As the sword light fell, countless Sword Qi landed like raindrops, yet even more urgent and faster.
Boom…
In the next moment, the sky roared, the earth cracked open, human figures were sent flying, flesh and blood exploded, accompanied by screams, a scene like purgatory appeared ahead.
With just one slash, the front was divided into two halves, no one knew how many Black Flag Army soldiers were slaughtered.
The Sword Qi fell like rain, easily tearing through the armor and drilling into their bodies, killing them instantly.
The screams came quickly, and they left even faster.
Even the neighing of warhorses gradually disappeared.
As the dust cleared, the view ahead was filled with broken bodies, not a single intact body left, even General Chang was lying in a pool of blood.
“One sword wiped out the entire army, how… how could you possibly be this strong?” General Chang still wasn’t dead, struggling to prop himself up with one hand, looking at Jiang Ming on the ground, his excitement-filled questions also carried bewilderment.
If everyone were this strong, what use would there be for an army?
Not waiting for an answer, his arm went limp, and he fell back down, no longer making a sound.
Jiang Ming glanced over, the burst of this slash did not kill everyone. There were still dozens of people who survived, but they were also severely injured.
“Let’s go!” He called out and swiftly moved forward by tapping his toes on the ground.
Amazed, Lu Yuan shuddered, looking at the carnage ahead, he felt a chill, and after a long time, he said, “Brother Jiang’s strength has exceeded the scope of a Great Grandmaster, surpassed the limit of the mortal world.”
“Like a god!” constable Jin’s throat went dry.
They all knew Jiang Ming was very strong, so strong that he was inhuman, but facing 1000 heavily-armored Black Flag Army soldiers, even if he could cope with them, it should have taken at least half a day of battle.
But the result was just one slash!
It was like an unreal dream.
“Maybe he really can slaughter his way through the Imperial Capital’s 200,000-strong army!” Lu Yuan’s eyes suddenly brightened, “I’m looking forward to it!”
“If one person can overpower a nation…” Jin had a strange expression, unable to tell if it was sadness or excitement, “How should we, as people of Great Yan, manage ourselves?”
Lu Yuan’s expression stiffened, then he said softly, “Just let him become Guardian God of Great Yan!”
“That’s a good idea!” constable Jin’s eyes lit up, and he quickly moved forward.
“Indeed a good method!” Lu Yuan couldn’t help but scratch his head and gave himself a thumbs up, “I’m really a clever one!”
“But once the news spreads, I’m afraid this world…” Shaking his head, he also followed closely.
It doesn’t matter.
After all, I’m fed and not starving..


CHAPTER-55
Chapter 55: Chapter 55: Understanding Yin and Yang

Apart from Lu Yuan and Constable Jin, there were also many people from the Six Gates, and the original City Defense Army who’d run away in fear.
“Motherfucker, thank goodness 1 ran away. Otherwise, I would have ended up like those black-faced ghosts. Damn it, is he even human? He just butchered heavily-armored cavalry with a single sword?!”
The City Defense Army was beside themselves with shock and fear.
News spread like wildfire, sweeping across the world.
Once the details were known, Elder Zhang fell silent. The Chunyang Sect was deadly quiet, while gasps could be heard throughout Lengyue Palace…
The Imperial Capital, East Palace.
“One sword broke a thousand armors… is he even human?” The Crown Prince was so shocked by the news that he almost ordered someone’s execution.
Because to him, this was utterly impossible.
If a great grandmaster had such power, the world would have been in chaos long ago.
But as continuous news came in, he had no choice but to believe it, causing his past confidence to wane considerably.
“Your Highness, he’s making his way to the capital, swaggering all the way,” said the butler in a low voice. “The Black Flag Army is gone. If he really breaks into the city and starts a massacre, and the Emperor finds out, I’m afraid… I’m afraid…”
“We are actually backed into a corner!” The Crown Prince forced out a laugh, “A mere wanderer from the world of martial arts has put us in this position!”
“He can’t enter the city!”
“Absolutely not!”
“Otherwise, 1 will inevitably be kicked when I’m down.”
“He must die outside the city!”
The Crown Prince gritted his teeth.
“Your Highness, even if we kill him on the outskirts of the city, with the combat power he’s shown, we would probably suffer substantial losses, risking a huge blow to our momentum.” The elder’s voice lowered further. “We must be prepared for the worst. Your Highness, with the situation as it is, our arrows are already on the bowstrings, there’s no turning back.”
The Crown Prince showed a hint of hesitation.
“If we don’t besiege and kill him, and one day he changes his disguise and enters the city…” The elder shuddered, “The consequences would be too horrible to contemplate. Your Highness, we must gather all our forces to kill him. We cannot allow any accidents.”
“Yes, we can’t afford any accidents. We have to surround and kill him, or I won’t be at ease!” The Crown Prince’s eyes hardened, “The Old Emperor should rest and my brothers have been too active for too long.”
On the road.
The carriage moved at a leisurely pace.
At this speed, it would take at least two or three months to reach the Imperial Capital.
This was the advice given by the Ninth Princess, to take their time.
“The Crown Prince is planning a rebellion, and yet we’re being asked to slow down… what’s the Ninth Princess playing at?” Lu Yuan was puzzled.
For such a crucial matter, shouldn’t they speed up to lend her a hand?
Instead, they are being told to slow down. What’s the meaning of this?
“Perhaps the Princess wants those who are going to jump out to do so,” Constable Jin speculated.
“If that’s the case, can she protect herself? I don’t think so!” Lu Yuan shook his head. “The Sixth Prince may be very kind, but he is not ruthless enough and has limited power. The Ninth Princess, although she is an exceptional genius, is just a woman after all; how much power can she wield? The Imperial Capital is a den of iniquity. Even if Wang Wudi gets involved, I’m afraid he can’t keeps the two of them safe.”
“I trust in the Princess!” Constable Jin asserted firmly.
“With Wang Wudi there, at least she won’t die, which is enough!” Jiang Ming dismisssed, “She got wind of the the Crown Prince’s secret and told us to take our time. The Ninth Princess definitely has some trick up her sleeve we don’t know about. Don’t overthink it. Just focus on cultivating and take our time on the road.”
A coup d’etat?
Kill father and brothers for a throne?
What a grand play.
He knew a lot about the situation in the Imperial Capital. The Old Emperor was both incompetent and ill, and had been manipulated by the Crown Prince, who had cut off the Old Emperor’s internal and external contacts.
Any news that made it to the Old Emperor had to be screened by the Crown Prince first.
One day, they rested in a mountain village.
At the crack of dawn, Jiang Ming stood beneath a tree, enjoying the cool mountain air. By this time, many people were already up and started working on the farm.
There was one house that was particularly busy, as a pregnant woman was about to give birth.
“True Yang, what is Yang? The south of a mountain is Yang, the north of a river is Yang, daytime is Yang, the body’s exterior is Yang, in terms of breathing, inhaling is Yang, the land’s surface is Yang, the top of a leaf is Yang. Facing the sun is Yang, that which is outside is Yang, movement is Yang…”
“These are concepts, relative to Yin!”
“And what about the specific True Yang? Can it exist independently?”
“The early sun is Yang, the scorching sun is also Yang…”
Jiang Ming looked towards the east, where the great sun had just peeked out, various thoughts swirling in his mind. It seemed as if the realm of ‘True Yang’ was right before him, but he just couldn’t step through the door.
Just then, cries came from the village.
Wah…
A newborn has arrived, with a cry announcing its entry into this world. First, cry for the sadness of life, then welcome the suffering of life, and finally savor the sweetness, bitterness, and spiciness of life.
“A newborn, to begin with, is the hope and future of a family, and in a broader sense, the hope and future of a nation. With hope comes the future, with the future comes light, light…”
Jiang Ming’s breathing caught.
Looking at the sun, besides representing the power of fire, it also represents light. There’s light in the sun, light in the fire, light in the lightning, light in the stars, light in the soul, and even more light in hope…
“Light, also belongs to Yang.”
His thoughts tumbled, various ideas flashing through his mind.
Looking at the sun, Jiang Ming stood motionless, but the aura emanating from his body revealed the nine kinds of Yang realms appearing one by one. Although invisible and intangible, they could still be felt.
Seemingly in a trance, nine great suns seemed to hang in the air behind him.
They then merged into one, and it seemed that a bizarre power flowed from non-existence to existence, not intense, not restless, just mild, capable of illuminating the sea of heart, brushing away the dust, warming the soul, purifying all negative emotions, calming down, relaxing body and mind.
This power also fused into it.
In an instant, a smile appeared on Jiang Ming’s face.
True Yang, he comprehended it!
He stepped into the door.
“If he didn’t have superlative comprehension, a powerful spiritual soul, even if he combined the nine kinds of Yang realms with the realm of light, he wouldn’t comprehend the ‘True Yang’. Because ‘Yang’ contains far too much.”
At this moment, he gave people a feeling of absolute purity. He is the sun, he is a beam of light, flawless, without a hint of shadowy filth, representing justice, representing light, pure as Liuli, immaculate.
Jiang Ming stood still, continuing to immerse himself in it.
“Solitary Yin does not grow, solitary Yang does not birth.”
“Yin and Yang interdepend, mutually generating and overcoming.”
“Yin is inside, it guards the Yang; Yang is outside, it employs the Yin!”
“At Yin’s extreme Yang is born, at Yang’s extreme Yin forms, Yin and Yang reciprocating, mutually generating and overcoming!”
Jiang Ming’s heart stirred. The Qi in his Dantian showed a pattern of Yin and Yang, becoming more and more complete, more and more perfect.
True Qi overflowed from his body, alternating between hot and cold, forming a Tai Chi diagram. The Yin and Yang fishes’ heads and tails connected, spinning faster and faster, suddenly, a transformation occurred.
The cold and heat transformed into genuine Yin and Yang.
Give me a single spark, and I can ignite a whole prairie.
Having comprehended True Yang, Jiang Ming achieved this in one step, directly comprehending the Yin and Yang realm.
Even if placed in the Main World, this would seem unbelievable.
But having comprehended it means having comprehended it.
At this moment, his entire being seemed to merge into Heaven and Earth. They could be seen and felt, but there was a sense that Jiang Ming was a part of Heaven and Earth, a part of the Dao.
Merging into Heaven and Earth, matching even more harmoniously.
Merging man and Heaven, as if becoming one with Dao.
The Heavenly and Earthly Yin-Yang Dao Resonance shook and was attracted, directly entering Jiang Ming’s body. Baptizing the flesh, tempering the will, transforming the spirit, refining the soul.
When it entered the Dantian, the Dantian space, which could not be shaken, and even after comprehending dozens of realms, couldn’t expand even a bit, suddenly expanded at this moment.
The Sea of Qi in the Dantian, the space expanded once again, and very fiercely at that.
Completely defying normal reasoning..


CHAPTER-56
Chapter 56: Chapter 56: Reversing the Sea of Qi, The Limit of Heaven and Earth

The Dantian Sea of Qi space can expand further?
Yes, but once it stabilizes, the conditions for further expansion become extremely harsh. In Tianzhong Province, where he was from, no one had ever heard of a Dantian expanding twice, not even among the older generation.
Moreover, his Sea of Qi had already reached the limit of ten zhang, and he could already sense that it was at its true limit. But now, it was expanding again?
After the shock, he felt ecstatic.
No matter what, this was good news, wasn’t it?
Jiang Ming calmed his mind, merged his body with Heaven and Earth, comprehended the profundity of Yin and Yang Realm, and immersed himself in it. As for his Dantian Sea of Qi? He just let it be!
After a long time, his breath converged, and his face showed an incredibly bizarre expression.
It was as if he had seen a ghost.
“My Dantian space has suddenly increased tenfold!”
This was no longer unbelievable, but it gave him a chilling feeling, as his Sea of Qi swelled from ten zhang to one hundred zhang.
“How is this possible?”
Jiang Ming couldn’t understand.
He had only just started comprehending the Yin and Yang Realm, so how could there be such a terrifying change? In the past, he had comprehended countless Realms, like the powerful Five Elements Realm and Slaughter Sword Intent, but his Dantian had never changed.
But now it had expanded tenfold.
Unbelievable!
However, he also felt a binding force from the void, like a big fish swimming in the water, feeling uneasy.
He had sensed this long ago, but never as clearly as today.
“Heaven and Earth are like cages, and I have touched the true limit of this world.” Jiang Ming realized.
He even felt an illusion, as if he could completely pierce the space with a single punch.
“Brother Jiang, your temperament…” constable Jin came over, and after seeing Jiang Ming, his eyes suddenly burst into light, revealing an expression of absolute amazement. “You’re extraordinary, like an Immortal descending to the world, floating and ethereal, no ordinary mortal. What caused such a massive change? Could it be that you’re going to become immortal?”
“Would I still be here if 1 were to become immortal?” Jiang Ming couldn’t help but laugh.
“But this change is too huge, and the natural aura you emit, it’s no longer as profound and unfathomable as before. Instead, it seems to merge with the void and Heaven and Earth, so fresh and natural, giving people a very intimate feeling.” Jin scratched his hair, “and your face, red through the pale, too tender, it makes me want to take a bite.”
Jiang Ming was speechless.
He knew that all of this was due to the comprehension of the Yin and Yang Realm.
Every time he comprehended a new Realm, it brought about an all-round enhancement.
Like his current comprehension, even without the blessing of talent, it was much stronger than before. Cultivation and improvement were always a process of evolution and self-sublimation, with both soul power and wisdom constantly growing.
He turned his gaze towards a nearby farmhouse, then swiftly released a gentle finger force that landed on a newborn baby inside the house.
That force was the Vitality Force, which could not only lock the baby’s initial Power of Creation but also enhance its constitution, making its future cultivation more effective. Even if the child didn’t choose the path of cultivation, they could still live a healthy life.
“Locking…”
Jiang Ming was struck by a thought, remembering the Main World.
“All I’ve seen and experienced may just be the tip of the iceberg. Perhaps in some levels, even the so-called eight-year-old geniuses mentioned by Elder Tang are quite ordinary.”
The stronger his cultivation, the more terrifying the Main World seemed to him.
Without further delay, he called out to Lu Yuan, and the three of them continued on in the horse carriage.
Inside the carriage.
Jiang Ming sat cross-legged, his thoughts lightly moving as he scanned every part of his body. With his spiritual soul, he could even observe everything at a cellular level. Each cell possessed incredible activity accompanied by powerful vitality.
In his Dantian.
The Sea of Qi was too vast.
A whole hundred zhang, equivalent to a sphere with a radius of three hundred and thirty-three meters, as large as a small town.
It was beyond inconceivable.
Jiang Ming was utterly shocked.
The radius increased tenfold.
What about the volume?
It increased a full thousand times.
However, it was empty inside, with very sparse Qi.
“How can 1 fill it with Qi?” Jiang Ming immediately felt a headache coming on.
Even if he consumed all the great replenishing medicines in this world, it might not be enough.
“The only obvious benefit of having a large Dantian Sea of Qi is the increased endurance.”
“As for combat power?”
Under the same cultivation skills, it is measured by the breadth of the meridians in the body. The wider the meridians, the more output, and vice versa.
“Compared to before comprehending the Yin and Yang Realm, my meridians’ width has increased nearly double, and their toughness is even stronger!”
Relatively speaking, Jiang Ming’s combat power has skyrocketed.
Not to mention the integration of the Yin and Yang Realm into his battle techniques.
“Both the Dantian Sea of Qi and the meridians have the function of accommodating the vastness like a mustard seed, or in other words, have a spatial attribute!”
Jiang Ming’s thoughts were spinning rapidly, and he subsequently calmed his mind, merged into nature, united his intention with Heaven and Earth, and activated a more complete Yin and Yang Power. In an instant, the Primal Qi between Heaven and Earth swarmed towards him.
An invisible storm blew, and then formed a huge vortex around him as its center. He was like a black hole, crazily plundering the Primal Qi, channeling it into his body, and transforming it into his own True Qi through cultivation skills.
Jiang Ming finally breathed a sigh of relief.
With the enhanced ability to merge his intentions with Heaven and Earth, filling the Dantian Sea of Qi was no longer a mere wishful thinking.
Although the Primal Qi was intangible and invisible, it still had little impact on the outside world. Nevertheless, Lu Yuan, who was driving the carriage, and constable Jin inside the carriage, noticed it immediately.
They were all extremely shocked.
“He’s actually inducing such a terrifying amount of Primal Qi. Isn’t he afraid of bursting?” Lu Yuan’s voice was intense, feeling a sense of awe and fear, “If it were me, I would probably explode within ten breaths.”
“He’s like an Immortal. I’m not even surprised anymore.” Constable Jin grinned.
However, her eyes brightened and she quickly sat down to cultivate as well.
At this moment, the Primal Qi inside the carriage was so dense it was frightening. It was a great opportunity for her to benefit from it even a little.
Lu Yuan also came to his senses, driving the carriage while enriching his own Dantian Sea of Qi and comprehending the Dao Resonance emitted by Jiang Ming.
The carriage moved slowly.
Observing the scenery and appreciating the worldliness.
That day, the carriage stopped at a tea shop in front of Cross Slope. The three of them got off to rest and stretch their legs.
The tea was sold by a middle-aged couple.
“This tea…” Jiang Ming smiled and looked at the honest and plain middle-aged man with no cultivation, “It’s been mixed with ‘Tianyi Shengshui’, hasn’t it?”
“Tianyi Shengshui?” Lu Yuan’s pupils shrank, “The one that’s said to be one of the three deadliest poisons in the world. Refined to be colorless and tasteless. A single drop can kill a Great Grandmaster?”
Clang…
Constable Jin already unsheathed her long sword but frowned, “They don’t have cultivation. How could they have such a thing?”
After the doubt, she suddenly realized.
“Only in this way can one be caught off guard, what a move!”
Constable Jin snorted coldly.
She didn’t believe that Jiang Ming was talking nonsense.
“Who sent you here?” Constable Jin’s long sword was already at the man’s throat.
The middle-aged man trembled, his face pale, and quickly shook his head, “What Tianyi Shengshui? I… I’m just a tea seller who has been here for seven or eight years.”
Jiang Ming had no interest in torturing the man for information. With a casual wave, the tea turned into a water jet, flying into the man’s mouth. The terrified middle-aged man’s face turned black the next moment, and then he spat out black blood, struggling as he fell to the ground and died.
“Using these dirty tricks, are they scared?”
He looked in the direction of the Imperial Capital..


CHAPTER-57
Chapter 57: Chapter 57: Massacre in the Imperial City (Extra for Alliance Leader)

Cross Town.
Not far from the Imperial Capital, there was a town located on a key transportation route, usually bustling with activity. But now it was very quiet. Extremely quiet.
Under normal circumstances, merchants and martial artists from all directions would pass through this town, making it busy continuously. However, there were not many people in the streets now.
At dusk, Yuelai Inn.
Jiang Ming and two others rented a small courtyard at the back of the inn. This courtyard was specially designed for merchants, and it was very delicate.
In the courtyard, the three of them sat facing the moon.
Sigh…
Constable Jin sighed softly, frowning, “I didn’t expect so many things to happen in the Imperial Capital. I wonder how His Highness is doing now?”
“No one could have expected this.” Lu Yuan couldn’t help but shake his head.
“Her methods are still lacking!” Jiang Ming said while holding a teacup.
“Where is she lacking?” A figure leaped over and landed beside them. She removed her hood, revealing a delicate and exhausted face. It was Princess Yanfeng of the Ninth.
Under her exhaustion, it was difficult to hide her grief and resentment.
Her body was still stained with blood.
Someone else’s.
“Your Highness!” Constable Jin stood up immediately.
“You should have cut the knot decisively, killed the Crown Prince directly, and beheaded the other princes.” Jiang Ming sensed the presence of the other party early on and said coldly at this moment, “The struggle for imperial power has always been brutal. Especially when your father was old and bedridden, and the court was controlled by the Crown Prince, if you want to plan anything big, you must be ruthless, resolute, and decisive. But you only plotted in secret and still wanted to sit back and watch the fight when it mattered the most. This predetermined your tragic end. This is not a private fight among the world of martial arts, nor is it child’s play. In the end, it’s all about the grand momentum. Once the momentum is formed, it’s unstoppable.”
Princess Yanfeng sat down, silent.
Jiang Ming and the others had also received news about the changes in the Imperial Capital over the past two days.
But the changes happened too quickly.
The Old Emperor suddenly passed away, leaving his inheritance to the Crown Prince. The Second and Third Princes didn’t accept this and spread rumors that the Crown Prince had murdered the Old Emperor. They led their troops to attack the Imperial Palace, but were killed by the Crown Prince.
In addition, several other princes were causing havoc, the Imperial Capital was in utter chaos, and blood flowed like a river.
Many people were involved.
Countless casualties.
The Second Prince was killed in battle, as were the Third Prince, the Sixth Prince, and so on.
The Sixth Prince was Princess Yanfeng’s older brother from the same mother. “What exactly happened? Are there any hidden secrets? Did Wang Wudi not take any action?” Lu Yuan asked.
Jiang Ming pushed a cup of tea in front of her.
“To guard the Imperial Capital, four Capital Camps are stationed outside the city, each with 50,000 troops; there are 1,000 City Defense Army units at each of the 18 City Gates. Inside the Imperial City, there are the Royal Guards, the Forbidden Army, and the Secret Service Guard. The Crown Prince controls the Shadow Secret Guard.” Princess Yanfeng picked up her teacup and took a sip, her voice low, “Because you’re too strong, he feels that you pose a threat to his life. In order to deal with you, he must do everything he can. Therefore… he needs to consolidate his power.”
She gritted her teeth, revealing a painful and resentful expression.
“He killed the Old Emperor and claimed that he died of illness since the Secret Service Guard was already on his side.”
Princess Yanfeng showed hatred.
After all, that was her father.
After a brief silence, she continued.
In the Imperial Capital, many princes had been vying for the throne and fighting each other secretly.
The forces guarding the Imperial Capital had almost been divided among several princes. On the surface, the Crown Prince didn’t have much of an advantage, but secretly, he had already bought over many forces.
When the Old Emperor passed away, the Second and Third Princes took the lead in settling scores with the Crown Prince, and a great battle erupted in the Imperial Palace.
Almost all the forces in the Imperial Capital were swept into the fray.
The Crown Prince controlled the Secret Service Guard, which was composed of eunuchs, as well as the Shadow Secret Guard, the Forbidden Army, and so on.
“In addition to that, Lengyue Palace also took action. 1 don’t know when they became the Crown Prince’s people.” Princess Yanfeng sighed, “One of the deputy commanders in the Six Gates was bribed by the Crown Prince. He poisoned Commander Wang, disabling him temporarily. 1 barely managed to suppress the Six Gates and consolidate the forces to wait for the right opportunity. However, during this time, my beloved brother… he didn’t listen to my advice and secretly went to the palace to mediate. As a result, he was killed.”
Tears streamed down her face.
Lu Yuan rolled his eyes discreetly.
Constable Jin seemed to sigh as well.
Jiang Ming was speechless.
Isn’t this nonsense?
You both fought to the death, and your younger sister has been running around secretly scheming for you, but now you want to propose peace?
This isn’t innocence; it’s foolishness.
A hopeless fool.
“Don’t blame him,” the Ninth Princess whispered, “He has always wanted harmony between his family members, thinking that despite conflicts between brothers, they are ultimately blood relatives. 1 have told him many times, countless times, that this is a life-and-death situation, but…”
Jiang Ming scratched his head and asked, “What do you plan to do next?”
“Do you want revenge?”
“Or do you want to rise to power and become the first female emperor in history!”
Jiang Ming narrowed his eyes.
The Ninth Princess suddenly raised her head.
Constable Jin appeared shocked.
Even Lu Yuan was surprised.
“With 200,000 troops besieging the Imperial Capital, and the internal turmoil nearly settles, the Crown Prince’s success is imminent.” A glint appeared in the Ninth Princess’s eyes, her heart pounding, but she shook her head. “There are countless armies in the nation, and the North Barbarians must be eyeing it greedily at this moment.”
“Just say if you want it or not!” said Jiang Ming.
The Ninth Princess took a deep breath and closed her eyes. Her breathing fluctuated violently, eventually condensing into a single surge, her momentum skyrocketing.
She opened her eyes, devoid of fatigue and weakness, only filled with raging flames and ambition: “Yes!”
“How much power do you still control?”
“Even without my sixth brother, I can still mobilize one Capital Camp and four City Defense Camps, as well as the temporarily restrained Six Gates.”
“You actually still have so much power!” Jiang Ming was surprised.
After all, she was a woman.
He originally thought that the power she controlled was dependent on the identity of the Sixth Prince, but now it seemed that the Ninth Princess’s abilities were truly extraordinary.
“If there is a great purge in the court, can you take complete control after a major blood replacement in the Capital Camp and other places?”
“Yes! 1 have people in the Capital Camp. Although their positions are not very high, it would not be difficult to take control after the bloodshed. As for the civil officials? Even better, replace or even kill those who refuse to listen! The most difficult part is the Meritorious Bloodline and the royal relatives. The Imperial Family has the Senate, where many powerful people reside. Currently, in the imperial palace, there are at least three Great Grandmasters, more than thirty Grandmasters, and countless Innate experts. The Forbidden Army and the Royal Guards are the elites among the elites. If it really comes to that point, the feudal kings outside may rebel, and the North Barbarians will definitely seize the opportunity to invade.”
“These are trifles!” Jiang Ming stood up, looked down at her, his eyes burning, “The most crucial point is, are you willing to bear the infamy?”
The Ninth Princess’s breathing paused, and the corners of her mouth trembled slightly.
She was very smart and naturally understood Jiang Ming’s meaning. Taking a deep breath, her gaze became even more determined: “Yes!”
“But can you really do it?” The Ninth Princess’s voice trembled, “Can you really help me all the way? Without you, even if 1 succeed in the Imperial Capital, I will die a miserable death.”
Jiang Ming smiled, looked up at the moon, and said indifferently, “Brother Lu has already reached the Great Grandmaster Realm with my help, and he is far from an ordinary Great Grandmaster.”
“Constable Jin is already at the peak of the Master-class, and it won’t be difficult to help her achieve the Great Grandmaster Realm in the future!”
“With your talent, I can help you reach the Grandmaster Realm in a short time.”
“Brother Lu, constable Jin, you, plus Wang Wudi, even without me, you would have four Great Grandmasters on your side.”
“With four Great Grandmasters and the powerful backing of the court, what problem can’t be solved!”
“As for now?”
“Although Brother Lu has the power of a Great Grandmaster, even if I just stand still, without invoking the Air of Gang to protect my body, it would be very difficult for him to kill me!”
“Under the Dalin Temple, I could break a thousand armors with one sword, but that was not all my power.”
“Now, I can break at least two thousand armors with one sword.”
“Most importantly, with such a sword, 1 could easily slash a thousand times without getting tired!”
“You tell me, can the 200,000 troops stop me?”
“I can slaughter the entire Imperial City!”
“You tell me, can 1 do it or not?”
Jiang Ming looked at her..


CHAPTER-58
Chapter 58: Chapter 58: She Bleeds, He Breaks Through the Defense

Jiang Ming’s words left all three of them stunned.
“You’re saying that if you stand still and don’t protect yourself, I can’t kill you?” Lu Yuan was eager to try but also extremely shocked.
There was a high probability that what the other party said was true.
Me had seen the horror of Jiang Ming’s body refinement.
Good grief!
With such a strong physique, how should others live?
“It can make me a Great Grandmaster?” Constable Jin’s eyes sparkled with excitement, and she couldn’t help but want to pounce on him.
Great Grandmaster, the peak of martial arts, able to dominate the world of martial arts.
Although she was also a genius, a top genius, becoming a Great Grandmaster was merely a wishful thinking for her.
But now she could make it?
Jiang Ming’s image grew even taller in her heart, and he was all radiant.
“Breaking two thousand armors with one sword and not getting tired after a thousand swords? Isn’t that enough to kill two hundred thousand heavy armored soldiers?” Ninth Princess gasped.
Being able to kill two hundred thousand heavy-armored soldiers meant that slaughtering a city would be extremely easy.
As for helping her step into the Great Master-level Realm in a short time, she had no doubts.
After all, it was because of Jiang Ming’s guidance that Lu Yuan had easily broken through.
“Brother Jiang, are you human or god? Are you an immortal or a demon?” Lu Yuan asked in a daze.
“He is a sage, a Wusheng (Martial Sage)!” Constable Jin looked at him brightly.
“Yes, a Martial Sage, Jiang Wusheng.” Ninth Princess let out a sigh, her gaze flickered, and various rays of light flowed through her eyes. She seemed to have made a decision and turned to face Lu Yuan, “Brother Lu, there’s an old tavern in the eastern part of the town. The alcohol there is not bad; you should go try it.”
“Old tavern?” Lu Yuan was slightly surprised, but then he suddenly seemed to understand something and laughed, “Hahaha, well, I’ll go try the fine wine. Old tavern, ah, planning a drunken spree for the first Empress of the world, tsk, tsk, tsk, at that time…”
The corners of his mouth turned up, and with one leap, he disappeared into the night.
Constable Jin was somewhat puzzled.
Jiang Ming slightly frowned: Was there any secret that hasn’t been revealed yet?
“Brother Jiang, please come inside and speak in detail!” Ninth Princess meaningfully glanced at Constable Jin and walked toward the master bedroom.
“There’s no need for that!” Jiang Ming followed her.
Constable Jin scratched her head, not knowing what medicine the princess was selling in her gourd.
Several important things had already been discussed, so why was she still hiding something from her now?
It didn’t seem normal at all.
Inside the room.
As soon as Jiang Ming entered, the Ninth Princess closed the door.
No lights were lit.
Only the bright moonlight shone through the window, but it did not affect the vision of the two of them.
“So, what’s the matter?” Jiang Ming had a guess, and his heart skipped a beat involuntarily.
The Ninth Princess was silent, her body trembled slightly, and her clothes came off quickly one by one. In the end, she was left with nothing, and her shy voice sounded, “I don’t have anything to repay you with, except for my body. When I have a child in the future, let him inherit the throne.”
“I won’t limit your freedom, nor will 1 make you take responsibility.”
“I don’t care how many women you have.”
“Just support the dynasty in times of danger.”
Her voice trembled.
“I’m still a virgin.”
“Jiang, love me!”
She embraced his body and buried her head in his chest, her body trembling.
Jiang Ming opened his mouth.
In a split second, countless thoughts flashed through his mind, and in the end, he was controlled by the surging heat flow within his body.
The large bed played a pleasant melody, performing a peerless masterpiece.
Inside the room, the Yin-Yang Dao Resonance also flowed and slowly grew stronger.
Outside.
Constable Jin, who was puzzled, heard strange noises and didn’t understand at first. But after listening carefully, her face blushed immediately.
Pouting, she stamped her foot.
Wanting to leave right away, but strangely enough, she stayed.
“I’m just, just protecting them!”
Constable Jin found a strong excuse.
Her red and tender ears were constantly trembling, and at some point, her body began to twist as well.
One hour.
Two hours.
“Finally, it’s quiet!” The Ninth Princess’s voice was very weak, but then came a cry, “Why did it wake up again? Jiang Lang, I can’t take it anymore, I’m going to die. Yinhua, come in, I order you to come in!”
It was clear that she was forcing her voice.
Constable Jin had been standing all along, his eyes gazing dreamily at the bright moon. Hearing the voice, his body stiffened, then trembled, and he somehow walked into the room.
The night was lively.
It was also the most extraordinary contributor to bloodline inheritance.
Only because of the night, restlessness arose.
Only then came the new life.
Only then, the inheritance remained unbroken.
Under the moonlight, the Yin-Yang Tai Chi diagram flowed rapidly in the room, attracting the extremely dense energy of Heaven and Earth and the supreme Dao Resonance.
Sole Yin does not grow; sole Yang does not rise.
Yin and Yang complement each other and create ail things.
This is the Way of Yin and Yang, and the true Great Dao.
The next day.
Jiang Ming came to the courtyard spiritedly, looking at the dawn in the east. He was full of energy, his eyes brighter, and his breath smoother and more refreshing. “In just one night, my Yin-Yang realm has directly reached Minor Success. Immersed in the endless joy of creation, I comprehend the most primitive Way of Yin and Yang, even improving Yin-Yang Power.”
“Indeed, the Way of Yin and Yang is the Great Dao.”
“Yin-Yang Power is not suitable anymore. From now on, my main cultivation skill will be called Yin-Yang Scripture!”
“Yin-Yang energy, the source of all things, can manifest the Five Elements and transform myriad things.”
Turning around, he looked at the room.
His expression was a bit complicated.
He had never thought of this.
After all, he had only had three years. He never expected to be pushed into taking responsibility.
Even having a child who could inherit the throne in the future.
Jiang Ming felt an unreal sense of reality.
In the beginning, he was enthusiastic about rushing about, stirring up rivers and seas, but in the end, he couldn’t endure his own strength and surrendered. But in just a moment, he picked up the golden cudgel again.
How helpless, how helpless!
The Ninth Princess’s body was like a shy lotus, unable to withstand the storm, so she had to call in Constable Jin, and they fought together.
One night of carefreeness, the passion eventually subsided.
As the sun rose, the door opened again.
The two of them walked out, heads down, faces flushed, whispering all the way.
“My strength has increased, and I should at least be at the mid-stage of the Grandmaster realm. Sister, what about you?”
“I’ve reached the Perfection of the Grandmaster realm, with the greatest improvement in my physical strength, which has become several times stronger. Jinmeimei, do you think he is an Immortal?”
“Then we must be gods. Gods, Immortals, gods above and immortals below.”
Jiang Ming showed embarrassment and lightly coughed twice, “You are all mine now. As long as I’m here, I’ll be responsible for you.”
“As long as you are here?” The Ninth Princess caught the implication in his words.
“You’ll understand later!” Jiang Ming didn’t elaborate but looked at the Ninth Princess, “Yan Feng, 1 will take you straight into the Imperial City and eliminate everything.”
“Whatever you say!” The Ninth Princess was very obedient.
“Alright, let’s go!” Without any further ado, Jiang Ming stepped forward, hugging the two of them, one on each side. The long sword burst out from behind him and fell in front of him, and he jumped on it.
Qi surged, using the long sword as a carrier, condensing it into a huge long sword.
After wobbling three times, it finally stabilized.
He was controlling the sword with Qi while simultaneously using his Spiritual Power to enhance it and the power of the Wind’s Intentions.
“I did it!” Jiang Ming secretly heaved a sigh of relief.
He had tried controlling the sword with Qi before. Although it consumed a lot, it wasn’t a big deal for him.
With the addition of Spiritual Power, it became effortless.
Thinking that he needed to hurry to the Imperial City today, he tried to control the sword, and it turned out to be very successful.
Amidst the cries of the two women, the long sword cut through the sky.
“Brother Lu, see you in the Capital City!” Jiang Ming sent a message.
“Damn, Brother Jiang really became an Immortal!” Lu Yuan, who was on his way back, saw this scene and was so startled that his eyeballs almost fell out..


CHAPTER-59
Chapter 59: Chapter 59: Imperial Palace, killing two Great Grandmasters with a flick of a finger

Imperial Capital.
The city gates were closed, and martial law was still in effect.
Inside the city, people and horses were coming and going. The shops were closed, residents were hiding, and even some ministers were trembling in fear, waiting for the upheaval to end.
Imperial Palace Grand Hall.
The Crown Prince looked at the Supreme Dragon Throne with eagerness in his eyes.
“It’s mine. Soon, I’ll be able to legitimately sit on it, overlooking the world, controlling the lives and deaths of the millions of my subjects.”
“With a single word, I can decide the fate of the world and the life and death of others.”
“The Supreme of Ninety-five, the pinnacle of authority!”
“That’s what men desire, the ultimate pleasure for men.”
He was thrilled but knew that although he had control of the situation, he could not be careless. He had to wait a little longer.
Wait until everything was stable, and naturally take the throne.
There was no need to rush.
Indeed, no need to rush.
“Your Highness, something terrible has happened!” An Old Eunuch, leaving a trail of afterimages, approached, his face filled with shock.
“What’s with the fuss? Show some decorum.” The Crown Prince turned around, his face sinking, “Is there anyone in the city who dares to cause trouble?”
“No, no, it’s Princess Fengwu, the Ninth Princess, who has returned from the sky on a Sword Control Flight with a man!”
“Ninth Princess, Sword Control Flight, a man?” The Crown Prince paused, his eyes squinting.
His figure flashed as he rushed outside.
At this moment, the palace maids, eunuchs, Forbidden Army, and others were all looking up, their faces full of astonishment.
High in the sky, there was a shining great sword, suspended quietly with three people standing on it.
“Brother Jiang, do you think I can learn to control a sword and fly in the future?” constable Jin was still excited and yearning.
The title had not changed.
She didn’t care much about the situation they were about to face.
&gt;The Ninth Princess was very nervous, gripping Jiang Ming’s arm tightly while thinking about the upcoming situation and listening carefully.
“It’s easy to control a sword with Qi, but flying on a sword is difficult,” Jiang Ming said. “First, you need to have an overwhelmingly strong Qi, and secondly, you need to comprehend the Realm of Wind. Then, controlling the sword with Qi will be relatively simple. If you comprehend the Gold Realm, you can control weapons with gold, but that is not enough for flying on a sword. You need a strong spirit, and with the guidance of the divine, you might be able to fly on a sword.”
His situation was too special.
His Qi was as vast as the sea.
His spiritual soul power was immeasurable.
The Wind’s Intentions propelled him while the Gold Realm controlled him and so on.
It turned the impossible into control.
“I see!” constable Jin was slightly disappointed.
The three landed on the roof of the Imperial Palace Grand Hall. At this moment, the Crown Prince had just come out from inside, and as his gaze fell on the Ninth Princess, his face suddenly turned ugly.
The man beside her made his pupils constrict.
Jiang Ming!
He made a judgment at the first instant.
The Crown Prince suppressed his anger and shock, and shouted loudly, “Ninth sister, do you know where you are standing? This is the supreme authority of the Great Yan Dynasty, the sacred place for the ministers of the court and the faith of the people. By stepping on it now, you are stepping on the face and dignity of the Great Yan Dynasty, and worst of all, you brought an outsider with you. Your crimes are unforgivable! Kill them!”
He was very decisive.
Hums resounded, and arrows flew through the air.
Jiang Ming’s eyes focused as his Qi surged out, transforming into Yin and Yang energies that quickly spun around. Not only did it block the incoming arrows, but it also turned them back with the quickly spinning Yin-Yang energies. In an instant, a large number of the Forbidden Army soldiers were shot dead.
“Everyone, 1 am Yan Feng, Princess Fengwu.” The Ninth Princess knew it was her turn to speak. Her voice boomed and reverberated throughout the palace, “My father is not dead from illness, but was killed by him, the Crown Prince, your Crown Prince, casting off decency for the throne and committing patricide. He not only killed my father but also many of my royal brothers.”
“Patricide, regicide, and fratricide, Crown Prince, Yan Cheng, is notorious and unforgivable, the eternal criminal of the Great Yan Dynasty.”
“Yan Cheng, do you admit it?”
Yan Feng’s tone was extremely sorrowful.
At this time, Jiang Ming’s eyes were mysterious, and his spiritual soul power permeated through his body, directly entering the Crown Prince’s forehead.
After many baptisms of Dao Resonance and the Talent of Soul Dominator, his spiritual soul power had far exceeded normal levels.
Even now, with its simple use, it was more than Yan Cheng could resist.
“Indeed, I admit it!” The Crown Prince’s answer surprised everyone.
Even though they had some speculations in private, as long as it wasn’t brought up, no one cared.
After all, the Old Emperor was already dead.
Dead men have no say over the living.
Following the Crown Prince is naturally the right choice.
But now he actually admitted it.
Palace maids, eunuchs, Forbidden Army, and many powerful guardians of the Imperial Palace all looked at the Crown Prince with bizarre expressions.
His face twisted in anger, he continued, “I’ve been in the position of Crown Prince for decades, decades! I watched the throne right in front of me, I grew old, but I couldn’t sit on it. That stubborn old man should have died earlier and given up the throne. If he didn’t die, I would send him to his death. And those imperial brothers, heh, they dared to compete with me. They’re not even worth it, all worthless!”
As soon as these words came out, the surrounding people’s expressions changed.
Ninth Princess showed a hint of joy.
She knew it was Jiang Ming’s doing, and she felt relieved.
With these words, the Crown Prince was finished.
The great momentum that formed behind him would also abruptly crumble.
“Rebellious and unfilial, truly rebellious and unfilial. How could our Imperial Clan produce such offspring!” A Royal Uncle of Grandmaster level burst into rage.
“Killing father and brothers, a scandal for the ages!” Another powerful imperial clan member sighed.
At this moment, Jiang Ming raised his finger, and a Sword Qi spewed out, killing the Crown Prince in midair, then gently landed with the two of them.
In front of the Imperial Palace.
There was a moment of silence.
“The Crown Prince’s crimes are unforgivable, plotting rebellion and betraying the country, he should be executed!” The Ninth Princess immediately made the decision and looked at the powerful imperial clan members, her aura strong, her voice resounding, “I want to restore the order of the court, my royal uncles, and princes, do you agree?”
“A woman governing is like a hen crowing in the morning, unheard of throughout history, it would disrupt the order.” An old member of the imperial clan angrily snorted, “Yan Feng, you have exceptional talents, but you should control the Six Gates and assist the new emperor in ascending the throne.”
Jiang Ming slapped the old man’s Dantian, destroying the Sea of Qi and crippling his cultivation level before he could evade.
“Who else opposes?” Ninth Princess’s expression remained the same.
“Audacious!”
“Arrogant!”
“Yan Feng, are you trying to rebel?!”
The powerful members of the Imperial Clan were all furious.
In their eyes, Yan Feng was just a junior. Without even informing them, she created such a huge scandal, humiliating them, which was already a great crime.
And now she wants to ascend to the throne?
Is she trying to challenge their authority, or simply going against heaven’s will?
Bang, bang, bang…
Jiang Ming didn’t say a word, just attacked directly.
Those who jumped out were all crippled.
If it weren’t for what happened last night, he would’ve started a massacre the moment he arrived.
“Who else?” Ninth Princess’s expression was cold.
The remaining people moved their mouths but remained silent, finally sighing.
But at this time, a powerful aura rose from deep within the Imperial Palace, accompanied by an angry shout, “How dare you run amok in the Imperial Palace, courting death!”
An elder leaped out, holding a long sword in his hand, his aura surging, his power dominating.
This was the Great Grandmaster of the Imperial Clan who sat deep in the Imperial Palace.
There was also an Old Eunuch following closely behind.
On the side of another hall, another Great Grandmaster appeared, just watching from afar, not approaching.
Jiang Ming raised two fingers.
These were the Shaoze Sword and Shangyang Sword.
His finger swords broke through the air, whistling as they went.
The destructive power they carried made the two elders’ faces change, and they twisted their bodies to dodge, but the finger swords turned at the same time, striking their brows like lightning.
The two were killed on the spot, with their bodies falling.
“Yin and Yang Divine Rotation, bending and straightening at will!” Jiang Ming murmured, looking at the other Great Grandmaster in the distance, “How do you choose?”
“I, Chen Yu, will forever be a guest of the Great Yan!” Chen Yu bowed from afar..


CHAPTER-60
Chapter 60: Chapter 60 The Third Year I come from outside the world

In a side hall of the Imperial Palace.
“Tomorrow is the third year!”
Jiang Ming stood under a phoenix tree, deep in thought.
By now, it had been a long time since he killed the Crown Prince. On that day, he killed two Grandmasters with overwhelming power, forcing everyone else to submit. Chen Yu, another Grandmaster, even expressed his allegiance.
He then assisted the Ninth Princess in a bloody purge of the palace, suppressing the rebels and burying all those from Lengyue Palace who hadn’t had a chance to act.
After stabilizing the political situation to some extent, Jiang Ming left the rest to the Ninth Princess to handle, but he also offered many suggestions.
For example, keeping tight control over the military power.
And taking advantage of the suppression of the feudal kings to cut back on their power.
As the Ninth Princess was short of manpower, Jiang Ming brought Bai Yunfei from Tianwu Manor to help, along with many elite disciples from the sect.
Only then were they able to quickly quell the unrest among the feudal kings, and now they were in a period of digestion.
Jiang Ming proposed a Cabinet system to relieve the Ninth Princess from politics, as well as policies such as land division and tax reforms on agriculture and business, to consolidate the central power, and how to develop large-scale animal husbandry, and so on.
Upon receiving these suggestions, the Ninth Princess was stunned by their brilliance.
No, now she was Emperor Fengwu.
“Tomorrow, I wonder what changes will happen?”
Based on the time of his arrival, tomorrow would be the first day of the third year, and he would become an Outer Realm Demon in this world.
His gaze focused, and a system screen appeared in front of him.
Name: Jiang Ming
Qi Cultivation: Third Layer (Gang Qi Realm)
Body Cultivation: Third Transition
Skills: Yin-Yang Scripture, Longxiang Heaven Suppressing Skill; Yin-Yang Tai Chi Diagram, Yin-Yang Grinding Wheel, Yin-Yang Heaven Obscuring Hand, Nine Suns Divine Fist, Ten Thousand Swords Return to One, Sword Control Skill, Star-pointing Finger, Great River Sword Intent, etc
Talents: Hundredfold Comprehension, Nirvana Rebirth, Soul Dominator (Temporary Solidification)
Mission: Become Province Top Scorer in the Martial Arts Exam Preliminary Selection
Not much change in his personal situation.
His main cultivation was the Yin-Yang Scripture, and his body refining technique had gradually evolved from Longxiang Dominator Body Skill to the Longxiang Heaven Suppressing Skill. He also developed defensive tactics such as the Yin-Yang Grinding Wheel and the Yin-Yang Heaven Obscuring Hand.
His Nine Suns Divine Fist combined the essence of nine types of yang energy, creating an extremely powerful and fierce fist technique, with the force of a great sun descending, crushing everything in its path.
He also had many other techniques such as footwork and sword controlling skill.
It seemed not much had changed, but Jiang Ming’s combat power had increased several times invisibly.
His comprehension of invisible realms such as the Yin and Yang Realm had reached great success.
He also stepped into the Great Success Realm in the way of integrating the Five Elements.
He had an initial understanding of the Realm of Darkness but could not yet combine it with the Light to create the Light and Darkness Intent.
Furthermore, he was preparing to comprehend the Life and Death Realm and so on.
“After all, the time is too short. Otherwise, I would have tried my best to comprehend the Spatial Realm.” Jiang Ming couldn’t help but laugh.
“Young Master, your ginseng tea!” Lan carried a cup of tea and walked towards him, her steps light and graceful.
She had naturally been brought over to take care of his daily life.
Under his constant guidance in the Way of Yin and Yang, her cultivation level soared, and she had broken into the Master-level Realm, though she knew very few offensive techniques.
“You have to practice hard after tomorrow. The world will undergo a great change!” Jiang Ming took the tea cup and reminded her.
“Great change?” Lan was puzzled but didn’t care much about it. “Young Master is an immortal descended to the world, invincible in this world. Even if there’s a great change, it won’t affect us.”
“Just focus on your cultivation!” Jiang Ming glared at her.
“Yes!” Lan pouted.
At this time, Constable Jin entered. Now she was the commander, like a flying bird, she rushed into Jiang Ming’s arms, hugging his waist: “Brother Jiang, I’ve missed you so much.”
Jiang Ming was speechless.
Now, she was in charge of the Six Gates.
As for Wang Wudi? He had retired and became a guest of the dynasty, stationed in the Imperial Capital.
Both he and Emperor Fengwu had told her not to work anymore and focus on her cultivation, but she insisted on competing for Jiang Ming’s attention.
“How do you have free time?” Jiang Ming patted her on the shoulder.
“Isn’t it because I missed you!” Commander Jin raised her head, her face flushed, but she looked at Lan and said, “I get him tonight!”
Lan smiled and left.
Without fighting or grabbing, she was gentle as water.
Night slowly fell.
“Brother Jiang, help me break through tonight, okay?”
“I’m afraid it won’t work in one go.”
“Then let’s do it seven times!”
“Aren’t you afraid of killing me with exhaustion?”
“God above, immortal below!”
The two whispered to each other.
Commander Jin had already reached the peak of the Grandmaster realm and was on the verge of comprehending higher realms. His body had been refined through numerous trials, and his Blood Qi was at its peak.
With the various secret skills Jiang Ming taught him, his combat power was terrifying.
Very few people could rival him below the Great Grandmaster level.
Midnight in the bedroom.
Hum…
Amid the enchanting sounds, a sword intent soared into the sky, incredibly sharp and unstoppable—pure sword intent.
“Brother Jiang has brought dual cultivation to its extreme!”
This was a courtyard where the two were drinking tea.
One of them was Lu Yuan.
“Amazing, truly amazing. Not only is he unbeatable himself, but he can easily create Great Grandmasters. He is truly Jiang Wusheng (Martial Sage).” Wang Wudi shook his teacup, unable to help but sigh.
“You’re telling me!” Lu Yuan felt it the most.
He was the first to benefit from it.
The two Grandmasters often sat together drinking tea as they needed less sleep.
The next day.
“Haha, I’m a Great Grandmaster now!” Commander Jin came into the courtyard and picked up Xiaolan, giving her three continuous tosses, making her scream in surprise.
Jiang Ming, who walked out, was speechless. He sat under the phoenix tree, watching the two girls play.
After a while, Commander Jin leaped over and sat on his lap, hugging his neck: “Brother Jiang, thank you!”
“But…” she was puzzled again, “Brother Jiang, you have the three of us, but why haven’t we gotten pregnant after so long?”
Xiaolan also looked at them.
Jiang Ming’s breathing was slightly affected.
“Brother Jiang, could it be your problem?” Commander Jin hurriedly said, “Brother Jiang, I didn’t mean it like that.”
“It’s not my problem. It should be the world’s problem!” Jiang Ming looked up at the sky.
He could sense whether they could get pregnant or not.
However, this world was special, and it might be because of this issue.
But he couldn’t help but feel relieved in his heart. If they really had a child…
Thinking about the consequences made his scalp tingle.
I’m only eighteen years old…
And I’m in this strange world, not knowing if it’s real or fake…
“The world’s problem?” Commander Jin was puzzled.
“We’ll find out soon!”
“1 don’t understand. Brother Jiang, I’m going back to the Six Gates to show off, hehe!”
“Stay today!” Jiang Ming revealed a solemn expression, “Go and tell Yan Feng to come, and Lu Yuan, Wang Wudi, Chen Yu, tell them all to come. Also, let Bai Yunfei and the others join us.”
“Brother Jiang…” Commander Jin felt an uneasiness in her heart but didn’t ask further, just stood up and left.
Not long after, Yan Feng was the first to arrive.
Assuming the throne made her exude an authoritative and domineering air. Every move she made contained an undeniable dominance, a habit formed when she first took power to consolidate the court.
However, in this place, that authority and dominance disappeared.
“Brother Jiang, what’s the matter that makes you so serious?” Yan Feng sat down opposite him.
“You need to be prepared!” Jiang Ming didn’t elaborate, “I’ll explain in detail when everyone is here.”
Yan Feng’s heart tightened.
But she thought about Jiang Ming’s strength, and the several Great Grandmasters here, the court was already somewhat stable. Who else could make her mentally prepare herself?
In a short while, Lu Yuan, Wang Wudi, Chen Yu, and the top forces of the Imperial Palace arrived one after another. The sect’s Tianjiao like Bai Yunfei and He Qianshan also came.
“Brother Jiang, are you calling us to drink?” Lu Yuan joked.
“I wouldn’t forget you!” Jiang Ming also laughed, “I asked you all to come because there will be great changes in the world soon and to tell you the truth about my origins.”
Then he pointed to the sky, “I come from outside this world!”


CHAPTER-61
Chapter 61: Chapter 61: The World’s Attack on Jiang

As soon as the words were spoken, everyone was shocked.
“Brother Jiang, what do you mean?” Yan Feng furrowed his brows, “From outside the world? Do you mean you are not from this world?”
In fact, she was very curious about Jiang Ming’s origins and had investigated but found nothing.
“When we were in Black Wind Village, you seemed to have mentioned that you were from the outside.” Lu Yuan recalled the past, his expression odd, “You also said that you wanted to see the scenery above the Great Grandmaster, and you wanted to see the outside world. It seems now that you already knew that there were realms beyond the Great Grandmaster and the outside world? You have grown so fast because you are from the outside? What is the outside world? Is it the immortal realm? Or is it like our world?”
A series of questions left the people around somewhat baffled.
“One grain of sand, one world, the multitude of worlds is like the stars in the sky!” Jiang Ming explained simply, “There are even more profound realms beyond the Great Grandmaster, and some powerful beings can pick stars and seize the moon, creating their own worlds.”
“Countless worlds like the stars?”
“Powerful beings picking stars and seizing the moon?”
“Creating worlds?”
Everyone was shocked.
It took them quite a while to recover, as their long-held beliefs were greatly challenged and completely overturned.
He also knew that there had been no descenders in this world before, for he had personally studied the books and records of the past.
He had also indirectly asked Bai Yunfei and others from the sect whether there were any records of outer realm demons invading.
None were found.
Jiang Ming believed that he was the first descender in this world.
“Brother Jiang, when we first met, your strength was only at the Master-level Realm. How were you able to descend into our world?” Lu Yuan caught the key point.
“I come from a great world. According to your understanding, it is a place where immortals and gods exist. 1 am a disciple of a great power, and my coming here is akin to training.” Jiang Ming gave a simple analogy.
“Immortals and gods? People behind you can penetrate worlds?” Lu Yuan was shocked.
The others were not much better off.
Yan Feng suddenly understood why Jiang Ming had said that he would assist her in suppressing the dynasty when the time came; and why he had produced many good governance strategies and so on.
“Hmm!” Jiang Ming nodded, without further explanation.
He simply mentioned a few things.
Time flowed slowly amid the shock.
Jiang Ming’s gaze focused, and a light screen appeared before his eyes. Rows of text appeared: “You have descended into this world for two years. You will now be repelled by the world’s will. Martial artists above the innate level in this world will receive some guidance from the dark and suddenly realize that an Outer Realm Heavenly Demon has descended. Killing the Outer Realm Heavenly Demon will receive the favor of heaven and earth and easily break the barrier.”
You have achieved the corresponding achievements and can leave at any time.
You can stay in this world for up to one year. If you don’t leave by then, you will be automatically repelled by the world’s will.
“There are even hints!”
Jiang Ming was slightly surprised.
However, at this moment, he noticed that everyone around him had stiffened, and their gazes towards him had become even more bizarre.
“Young Master, I have received guidance from the dark that an Outer Realm Heavenly Demon has descended into our world. After exterminating the demon and defending the Dao, there will be great blessings and luck descending, and it will be easy to break through the cultivation level.” Lan moved to his side, grabbed his arm, and spoke first, “I sense that the position of the Outer Realm Heavenly Demon is actually within the Imperial Palace. Young Master, is it you? No matter whether it is or not, you are always my Young Master, forever my Young Master!”
“Brother Jiang, did you call us here just for this moment?” Yan Feng laughed and then said solemnly, “Being your enemy is being my enemy, and being the enemy of the entire Great Yan Dynasty. The power of the dark? Heaven’s will? If there really is heaven’s will, what do we count as!”
“The will of Heaven is like a knife.” Wang Wudi raised his head and frowned, “If heaven and earth have consciousness, if they have thoughts, what do we count as?”
“Heaven’s will, Outer Realm Heavenly Demon, immortals and gods, above the Great Grandmaster…” Lu Yuan scratched his head, “Brother Jiang, will you still treat us to wine in the future?”
“Haha, yes!”
“As long as there’s wine, it’s fine!”
With each question and answer, they made their stance clear.
“Being against Brother Jiang is being against the Six Gates!” Commander Jin’s Sword Intention erupted, his killing intent cold.
“I will always be a guest minister for the Great Yan Dynasty!” Chen Yu declared. “I’m a guest minister now too!” Wang Wudi said.
Bai Yunfei and the others looked at each other.
They really dared not make any promises.
“Brother Jiang, do you know why this is happening? Why did you know in advance?” Lu Yuan asked again.
This was also the place where everyone present was puzzled and confused.
“The world may have consciousness, or it may not, but there will definitely be World Rules,” Jiang Ming simply explained, “I come from the Outer Realm, not a native of this land, the longer 1 stay, the stronger the rejection by the rules. Because my background and power can temporarily suppress the rejection of the World Rules, I have been safe and sound for the past two years, which can be considered a buffer period. Now that the two years have passed and the suppression has dissipated, the world is naturally initiating its defense mechanism against me, a foreigner from the Outer Realm.”
This was his understanding.
“What will happen in the future?” Lan was worried, tightly gripping Jiang Ming’s arm. To her, the man before her was her everything.
“No matter what happens, I will give you all an explanation!”
Jiang Ming looked up at the sky.
In fact, ever since his cultivation level reached the Great Grandmaster Realm, he had a faint suspicion. Especially as his strength continued to improve and the shackles grew tighter, he became more convinced in his guess.
But now is not the time for experimenting.
“Brother Bai, Brother He, return to your sects for now and bring back what I said today,” said Jiang Ming, looking at these heavenly geniuses from various sects. “If you want to exterminate me, the Outer Realm Heavenly Demon, you can come alone or join forces. But remember, don’t target the people around me, otherwise… hehe.”
“In the not too distant future, a large army will definitely come to fight me, and 1 may even face a world full of enemies. If your sect wants to stay out of this, remember, do not join them. Once you do, you will become my enemy.”
“You should know how 1 treat my enemies!”
Jiang Ming’s words made their faces change again.
Bai Yunfei stood up and said, “Brother Jiang, no matter what, 1 can’t possibly…” He paused, then couldn’t help but give a bitter smile.
If his sect gets involved…
His elder brother was killed.
His master was beheaded.
How will he react?
Will he not consider them enemies?
Guarantees are useless at this point.
“I will try my best to persuade my sect!” Bai Yunfei left with a fist salute.
He Qianshan and the others also took their leave.
“Brother Jiang, I’ll gather a large army now!” Yan Feng turned to leave but was pulled back by Jiang Ming, who laughed and said, “Let them all come out, so I can give you, and all of you, a time of peace and prosperity.”
Such simple words sent chills down the spines of Lu Yuan and the others.
In a daze, they seemed to see a scene of corpses and bones piled like mountains, and blood flowing like rivers.
“What about later?” There seemed to be fog in Commander Jin’s eyes, “Can you take me with you?”
“And me!” Lan was trembling.
“When the court is stable, 1 would like to see the world Brother Jiang came from,” Yan Feng’s eyes were gentle.
“I will give you all an explanation!” Jiang Ming could only say this.
Zhen Wu Sect.
“Outer Realm Heavenly Demon, Heaven’s Will?” On the edge of the cliff, Elder Zhang looked up at the sky, “If there is Heaven’s Will, has our fate already been predestined? If there is Heaven’s Will, are we just caged birds? Exterminating demons to gain Heaven and Earth’s favor – but 1 can only see the shackles of Heaven and Earth, no way forward, no future, trapped in the Great Grandmaster Realm.”
“Master!” The middle-aged man beside him whispered, “After all, it’s Heaven’s Will. If you exterminate the demon, the favor of Heaven and Earth will surely help Master break through the current realm.”
“According to the guidance, the direction of the Outer Realm Heavenly Demon is the Imperial Capital, so it must be Jiang Ming,” said Elder Zhang indifferently, “Heaven’s path shackles us, cutting off our way forward. However, Fellow Jiang has a magnificent ambition, a lofty goal, revealing all his cultivation skills and even reverse-engineered Nine Yin and Nine Yang skills. I am astonished by some of his skills, which even I consider heavenly. He wants the martial arts to thrive and gather the wisdom of all beings to open up a new path in martial arts that hasn’t been explored before. And now, Heaven wants to punish him. How outrageous!”
“But he has killed too many, even Dalin Temple has been destroyed.”
“Shouldn’t have killed, shouldn’t have destroyed? Taixu, you have been trapped on the mountain for too long. Your ambition and vision are ultimately lacking.”
Not long after.
The world of martial arts surged, the world was in turmoil, and everyone was saying that Jiang Ming was the Outer Realm Heavenly Demon who wanted to destroy the world and shatter the Universe.
Chunyang Sect, Divine Fist Sect, Divine Sword Villa, the surviving Demonic Sect, and Lengyue Palace joined forces.
The hidden royal family and their relatives rallied, gathering a large army.
From the Northern Barbarian Land, 500,000 soldiers set out.
The world was shaken, converging towards the Imperial Capital.
The world united to strike Jiang!