Chapter 51 It shouldnt be like this
"Those factions and the 'prospective heirs' they support, I am going to destroy them all," Vaan spoke, determination burning in his eyes.
"Hahaha~"
This time, Astra couldn't contain her smile and laughed out loud.
"I will look forward to what you have to show to me, Son." She spoke.
"I assure you it will be worth your time," Vaan replied with a confident smile on his face.
"Alright then, this instant spell you discover, since you now know that I don't need it,
Use it to increase your contribution points to the Family and enter the Succession Battle."
"Please keep it as a present, Mother." Vaan, however, shook his head. Then, he looked into his mother's eyes and,
"Keep it as a proof that your son is changing.
Trust me, this won't be the last spell I will be improving. I will improve countless spells to increase my contribution points.
I plan to make a grander entrance later."
A small smile appeared on Astra's face. She then grabbed the Elemental Stones Vaan was passing to her, the Stones which were bright red earlier had now turned dull. Astra filled the Stones with her Mana and they regained their color.
Then, she injected her Mana to activate the Instant Spell, but...
"..."
Nothing happened.
"What...?"
Astra frowned.
"What happened?" Vaan questioned.
"It isn't working," Astra replied.
"Huh?" Vaan took the Stones, then he injected his Mana, and just as Astra said, the Spell wasn't working.
"Was it just one-time use?" Vaan was doubtful.
If that was the case, then it was much worse that the normal Ignispike Pursuit, however, then,
"Krrii~"
Flamey flew in front of Vaan's face.
Flamey used her flames to draw an 'X' in front of the two Elemental Stones.
"Are you saying that I can't use them?" Vaan questioned. Flamey nodded her head.
"So... these Stones are useless now...?"
"Krrii Krrii!"
Flamey shook her head. Then, she pointed at Astra and formed an 'X' with her hand as she shook her head.
"Krri Krriii Krii!"
"What...?" This time, Vaan couldn't understand what Flamey was talking about.
"Krri Krri Krriiii!"
Flamey flew around Astra and circled around her head, then, she formed 2 stones that had similar shapes to the Elemental Shapes and 'placed' them on Astra's hands, then, the Flames got brighter and she brought those Fire Stones to Vaan and,
"Krrri Kriiiii!"
She shook her head again and formed a cross using her flames.
 "The Spell isn't working because mother was the one who refill the Elemental Stones...? Am I the only one who can refill them?"
"Krrii!" Flamey nodded her head.
Vaan frowned.
That was not how Instant Spells worked...
"..."
On the other hand, seeing her child talking in the air and making different expressions, Astra didn't know how to react.
Was his injury acting up?
But didn't they use Heal on him?
She even called those followers of God of Light just because she wanted to be sure nothing is wrong with her child, did they fool her?
Astra narrowed her eyes.
Honestly, it was highly unlikely for the followers of God of Light to fool others.
God of Light represented Kindness, Happiness, Love, Compassion, Forgiveness, and all other positive values. The more these 'values' a person has, the more affinity he has with God of Light's blessings and the higher his position gets in the Church of Light.
So the higher the position, the 'kinder' the person was.
The 3 people she called were the Bishops, people like them couldn't 'cheat' others since that would not be a 'positive' value and would affect their affinity with the God of Light, which would later harm their position.
Honestly, Astra didn't really believe all this bullshit.
After all, when the Tower of Magic was being attacked by other forces 5000 years ago, the Church of Light was one of those forces as well.
Let alone Bishops, even the Pope had come to attack them.
Attacking someone who was already at their worse, was it not something that would have affected their affinity with the God of Light?
Then why did they actively participate and even destroyed most of the Towers of Magic?
Did the God of Light not stop them that time?
Honestly, Astra and the Vesta Family didn't really believe the Church of Light, in their eyes, they were just a bunch of hypocrites, however, aside from the Vesta City, every other place looked at the Church of Light differently.
Their image was just too good.
Never was a high-level member of the Church of Light caught doing something indecent. Rather, they always went out of their way to help others. Even hearing them curse was extremely rare, some hadn't even cursed their entire life.
People even believe that the God of Light is the only fair God in the world.
The Church of Light's influence was so strong, that even the Dragons, who only followed the Dragon God, trusted the high-level members of the Church of Light and only communicated with them.
Yes, other humans were too vile and scheming in their eyes. They didn't interact with anyone other than the people of the Church of Light.
"Mother, can you remove Mana from these Stones?"
While Astra was thinking all this, Vaan questioned. Astra came out of his reverie, then, she glanced at Vaan and,
"Who were you talking to?" She questioned.
"It's a secret," Vaan replied, he tried to flick her mother's forehead like he did to her, however, his body simply moved on its own and backed away.
"Trying to be your mother's equal huh?"
"I wouldn't dare." Vaan laughed.
Astra shook her head.
"Anyways, you want me to remove Mana from these Stones?"
"Yes."
Astra then used Mana Drain, something a 1st Circle Mage like Vaan couldn't do. The Elemental Stones became dull, and Astra passed the Stones to Vaan.
Vaan then filled the Stones with his own Mana, the Stones became bright again. Vaan passed the stones to Astra and, "Try again." He spoke.
Astra frowned, however, she did as Vaan tone, she injected her Mana into the stones to activate it and,
*Flicker*
The Fire Spike was formed.
"Just as I thought, it would only work if I am the one filling the Elemental Stone," Vaan muttered, Flamey was right.
"Krriii Krriiii!" Flamey exclaimed with a proud look on her face.
It was as if she was saying, 'How can I be wrong?'
Vaan just chuckled. His little friend was really too adorable.
"This is strange... It shouldn't be like this..."
Suddenly, Astra spoke up with a strange expression on her face.



Chapter 52 You are about to become a 2nd Circle Mage
"This is strange…"
Astra commented with a frown on her face.
"Hmm?"
"That's not how Instant Spells work, even Archmage Alienora's Instant Spells could be copied by other mages, there was no restriction like only her Mana could be used to activate those spells."
Astra then glanced at Vaan and,
"I had my doubts before, but your Mana is different from other mages, isn't it?"
"What do you mean?" Vaan frowned in confusion.
Astra then extended her hands towards Vaan, "Give me your hands." She requested.
Vaan extended his hands, Astra held her son's hand and then injected her mana inside as she closed her eyes.
Her Mana circulated throughout Vaan's Mana Veins, then suddenly, Astra raised her eyebrow in surprise,
"Your Mana Veins are thicker than before. You are about to become a 2nd Circle Mage?"
"Isn't that a good thing?" Vaan questioned as he glanced at the strange expression that had appeared on Astra's face.
"This shouldn't be possible… I checked your Mana Veins when you had passed out before, your Mana Veins weren't this thick…"
By default, a Human's Mana Veins are clogged or sealed, at Basic Level, that is from 1st Circle to 4th Circle, Mages open up these clogged or sealed Mana Veins.
At 1st Circle, Mages can barely Circulate Mana throughout their Mana Veins, however, as the mages progress, the Mana Veins open up, making the Mana Flow faster and easier.
Once a Mage becomes a peak 4th Circle Mage, all his Mana Veins are unclogged, releasing his utmost potential and allowing him to form the Mana Core.
It all depended on how much time and effort a Mage put into their studies and moving their Mana to open up their Mana Veins, there was no shortcut to this.
However, Vaan, who had barely become a 1st Circle Mage never practiced, his Mana Veins were clogged and his Mana flow was a Mess, and all of that was just less than a month ago, but now, as Astra circulated her Mana throughout Vaan's Mana Veins, she could see that his Mana Veins were a lot clearer than before…
Soon, his Mana Veins would be thick enough to store a sufficient amount of Mana, enabling him to form his 2nd Circle.
That kind of absurd speed…
Astra had never heard of something like this before.
Even she, who was considered one of the most talented mages the Vesta Family had seen, needed around 2 years to form her 2nd Circle.
How did do it in just a month?
No one in the history of the Vesta Family, no, let alone Vesta Family, no one in the entire Agresia had done something like that!
The Magic records that Mages of Agresia had created in these past 5000 years, Vaan's existence defied them all!
"Mother…?" Vaan, who didn't know what his mother was thinking, frowned in confusion. He couldn't understand why his mother was so surprised.
Of course, he couldn't possibly know what his cute little Fairy friend had done when he 'fed' her his Mana.
Flamey just continued to observe Vaan and his mother with a curious look on her face, her innocent eyes were just adorable.
And Astra, who was trying to make sense out of this situation, blamed Vaan's 'strange' Mana.
"Vaan, can you try and inject your Mana into my body?" Astra questioned. She needed to see what this Mana was, she wanted to make sure that it was safe for her child.
"Hmm? Like, injecting after circulating throughout my Mana Veins?" Vaan questioned. This was the same thing he did when he 'fed' Flamey his Magic.
"Yes." Astra nodded.
"Alri-"
"Krrrriiiiiii!!!"
However, just as Vaan circulated the Mana throughout his body and was about to inject it into Astra's body, Flamey appeared in front of him with a panic-stuck look on her face.
 "Kriii!! Krriii! Krii!"
She desperately shook her head as she formed more than 50 'X' with her flames. She looked into Vaan's eyes, then, she formed a strange skull as she pointed at Astra.
"Krrii Krii!" She tried to push Vaan away from Astra, however, she was just too weak to move him.
Vaan frowned, "Are you telling me something would happen if I inject my Mana into her?" He questioned.
"Krrii! Krrii! Krrii!"
Flamey nodded desperately, forming more and more skulls in the air, she even formed a dagger on Astra's neck.
Vaan's expression changed,
"She… will die…?" He guessed what Flamey was trying to say and Flamey nodded again.
Vaan's eyes widened in horror.
He quickly backed away.
Seeing him act like that, Astra frowned,
"What's wrong?" She questioned.
"I… I cannot do what you asked, Mother…" Vaan replied.
"Why?"
"I… just can't." Vaan didn't know how to explain.
Astra narrowed her eyes, however, in the end, "Alright." She just nodded.
"Also, mother…"
Vaan called him out again.
"What is it?"
"The Vesta Underground Prison… are there any criminals that will be executed any time soon?"



Chapter 53 This is for you
"The Vesta Underground Prison… are there any criminals that will be executed any time soon?"
"Huh?"
Astra's expression changed.
"Why are you asking that?" She questioned as she narrowed her eyes.
"I need to confirm something," Vaan replied.
"And that 'something' might harm the life of another human?" Astra questioned.
"It might."
"Then you are not allowed to do that."
"But-"
"Do not talk back, Vaan," Astra said firmly.
However, seeing that Vaan was still trying to say something,
"No matter what it is that you need to 'confirm' and no matter how insignificant the life of that prisoner is,
I will not allow my son to take a human life."
"I need to do that at some point, Mother. I, as the next Head of the Vesta Family, cannot be weak-willed. You don't want your son to start trembling just at the idea of having to kill someone, do you?"
Astra looked into Vaan's eyes, then,
"Your logic is flawed, Vaan.
Not taking someone's life doesn't make you weak-willed.
It is the opposite.
Having the ability to kill and the ability to control that urge is what makes you strong.
Being powerful is important, however, learning to control your power is more important and that is what you lack.
You are impulsive, you try to solve everything with violence, but that is not how you become a ruler, Vaan.
That thug-like attitude would at best, only make you the head of the 'Wardens of Vesta', a group that ensures security and safety in the Vesta City.
In more brazen words, you will be reduced to a mere tool that the head of the family can use to get rid of his enemies, a dog who bites when he is ordered, but you would never be able to become the owner yourself.
Keep this in your mind, Vaan, if you do not do something about that impulsive attitude of yours, then even if you become the strongest Mage out there, I will still allow you to become the next Family Head."
Astra spoke with a firm look on her face.
"Also, if you want to experiment with something that might harm human life, then it makes you no different than those Rouge Mages we hunt down.
Ans I would rather have a weak-willed son than someone who treats human lives carelessly."
"…" Vaan turned silent.
For him, killing someone was not a big deal, heck he killed 3000 people before he came to this world. However, his mother's words…
They reverberated in his head as he started thinking about his past actions.
Honestly, even now, he didn't think any of his actions were wrong.
He was rather holding back.
He hadn't killed anyone ever since he came here, honestly, that was a record for him already.
However, even so, Vaan contemplated how he lived his previous life…
7 years of being an underground gang leader…
 His perception of human life… it might be different from other human beings.
"I will think about this thoroughly, Mother," Vaan spoke with a serious look on his face.
"Please do, future Family Head," Astra spoke with a slight smile on her face.
Vaan smiled back and then, he bowed his head, "I will be taking my leave now, mother."
Astra nodded, Vaan left the room, after a while, Astra walked towards her room and as she entered, her eyes fell on a certain red-haired girl sitting inside the study room, drawing something on a book with a concentrated look on her face.
A slight smile appeared on Astra's face, then, a white light covered her entire body and she walked towards Elara. She then peeked at what Elara was doing and even though she was standing right behind Elara, the girl couldn't sense her at all.
Astra noticed a 1st Circle spell drawn on the book, Elara continued to draw more, then, the white light surrounding Astra disappeared and,
"What are you doing, my pupil?" Astra questioned.
"!!!" Elara's eyes widened in surprise, she quickly slammed her notebook shut and turned towards Astra.
"That's the third day of you working on that book."
"I-It was nothing, Teacher. I w-was just trying to revise my old spells. O-One must not forget the b-basics as they grow."
"Right." Astra nodded her head.
The slight smile on her face was enough to tell that she knew what this girl was trying to do, but since she found it amusing, she feigned ignorance.
"Just make sure not to interrupt your own studies for 'revising the basics' alright? You are currently at one of the most important stages of a Mage's life, don't slack, is that clear?"
"I-I will work extra hard, Teacher." Elara continuously nodded her head.
Astra chuckled.
How can one not like this pupil of hers? She is such an adorable girl.
Astra patted Elara's head, then, she let her do what she wanted and just kept an eye on her pupil.
On the other hand, Vaan, who had also returned to his room, started creating more Instant Spells. With Flamey's ability proven,
He created Instant Burn, the Spell that originally needed 10 Elemental Stones, but could now be formed with 5 with Flamey's help.
Flamey couldn't help Earth Fort and Heal, therefore, those 2 spells took 15 Elemental Stones in total. Vaan was satisfied.
3 days passed by, and Vaan, who was currently feeding Flamey in his room heard a knock.
"Who is it?" He questioned.
"It's me."
He heard a cute response.
With a smile on his face, he quickly opened the doors,
"Fiance, please come in," Vaan spoke.
Elara walked into the room. Vaan offered her a seat.
"How have you been?" Vaan questioned.
"Good," Elara replied.
"…"
"…"
An awkward silence fell in the room.
Both of them didn't know what to say.
"H-How have you been?" Elara questioned.
She wanted to keep the conversation going.
"I am good as well. I was just studying magic theories." Vaan replied as he pointed at the books on his study table.
"You are working hard…" A genuine smile appeared on Elara's face.
Then, she took out a notebook and, "This is for you."
"What is this?" Vaan questioned as he accepted Elara's notebook, he opened the fire page, and there was a Magic Circle and a pattern Elara used to summon a Fireball.
"T-This is my Spell Directory… It has all the 1st and 2nd Circle spells I know along with their Inner Circles… W-With your abilities, you will be able to learn all these spells within a few days… I hope you will find it useful…"
Elara spoke with a slight blush on her face.
Vaan, on the other hand, was shocked.
"Elara this…"
He was out of words.
No mage in this world would give their Spell Directory to someone else no matter how close they were! This was nothing short of revealing all their strengths and weakness and being completely vulnerable in front of that person!
No mage takes this step.
That was also the reason why it takes him so much time to learn a new spell by himself. Even though he just needed to look at some of the patterns used by the mage to cast a certain spell, he could never find those patterns in just one book, sometimes he wouldn't even find those patterns even after he looks through 100s of books, that is because no mage passes down everything they have learned,
Spell Directories like these…
For Elara to be giving something like this to Vaan…
"Elara, I can't take it." Vaan shook his head.
This directory was too precious. Especially for someone like him, who could simply copy all the spells without any sort of research at all. It was no different than Elara giving away her years of hard work to him.
It was something he couldn't accept.
"I-It took me six days to make it… please don't return it to me, I would waste all my hard work…"
"But this is the hard work you did all your life!" Vaan tried to explain.
"I would be glad if y-you can use it and get stronger, I-I am actually looking forward to it…" Elara replied.
"Elara…"
Vaan didn't know what to say…
"I won't be able to discuss Magic with you if you are just 1st or 2nd Circle Mage… I would like you to use this and quickly get stronger so… so that we can sit together and explore Magic Theories together…" Elara spoke then suddenly,
Vaan hugged her.
"!!!"
Elara widened her eyes in surprise.
"I will use it well, Elara.
Thank you very much."
Vaan was extremely grateful.
This girl… he had no clue how the previous Vaan could possibly hate someone like her…
Was he mentally ill?
How could one not treat this angel like a Queen and do what he could to keep her happy?
What the hell?
"Elar-"
Vaan wanted to say something, soon, however, he heard a knock.
"Who is it?" He questioned with a frown on his face.
He wasn't expecting anyone right now.
"Young Master Vaan, you have received a letter," Gabel reported from outside.
"A letter?"
"Yes, it is from Lady Seraphina," Gabel reported.
Elara's expression changed.
Vaan, however, just smiled widely.
It was time to meet the 'woman he loved' again.
Now, however, he was a little busy,
"Keep it safe for now,
I am spending time with my fiancé right now, don't disturb me."
"As you command, Young Master."
Gabel bowed his head as he walked away.
Vaan then glanced at Elara and,
"Would you please help me with this spell I am trying to learn?"
"Of course!"
Elara nodded with a cheerful smile on her face.



Chapter 54 You arent thinking of getting it for free, are you
The Carriage stopped, from the Carriage, Aldric stepped out, then, he cleared everything and in a respectful tone,
"Young Master, please." He requested.
Vaan then stepped out of the Carriage, then, his eyes fell on the large mansion in front of him.
The Stormweaver Mansion, it was nowhere near as grand as the Vesta Family Mansion, however, it was still a majestic building. The garden at the entrance was well taken care of, Vaan then glanced at the guards standing at the Gate.
"So this is my Sera's Mansion, huh…" Vaan muttered.
Some of the memories rushed into his mind when he glanced at the Mansion, however, he was now already used to this and didn't react to it.
For him, it was just like recalling some distant memories.
Without wasting any more time, Vaan walked towards the Mansion.
"Young Master Vaan."
The Guards standing at the Gates bowed their heads as they greeted.
Vaan nodded at them but just as he was about to walk in, one of the Guards spoke up, "Please give the Invitation Card that was sent to you, Young Master Vaan."
Vaan raised his eyebrow.
Since when did the Royalty have to prove that it was invited when entering its subject's mansion? Although the relationship between Vesta House and Stormweaver Family wasn't like the one between the Royalty and the Subject, stopping him and asking for an invitation was no different than disrespecting the Vesta Family.
Vaan narrowed his eyes, he wanted nothing more than to punch this guard and show him his place, however,
'You are impulsive, you try to solve everything with violence, but that is not how you become a ruler, Vaan.'
Vaan quickly recalled his mother's words and decided to implement them.
Not right now…
He needed to act like a ruler…
He needed to see just how far do these people dare to go.
Vaan glanced at Aldric. Aldric quickly understood what Vaan wanted and quickly passed the letter to the guard.
Vaan walked inside.
As he left, the guard who got the invitation letter smiled widely,
"Heh. What a pushover! To think I would get to order around someone from the Vesta Family."
The other guard standing beside him laughed as well,
"Look how happy you are just because you got to order him around, but think about mister Aldric, he gets to do that every single day."
"Mister Aldric, how does it feel to have a Vesta attending you?" The Guard questioned with a big smile on his face.
The two guards laughed out loud.
Aldric, on the other hand, panicked. He recalled how he was beaten ruthlessly and his face went pale.
"S-Shut your fucking mouth! If you have a death wish, don't fucking involve me in it! Foolish bastards!"
He swore as he rushed towards Vaan.
He had no plans of offending Young Master Vaan any further. As for these foolish guards…
They could go fuck themselves.
Aldric didn't care.
He quickly followed Vaan and appeared behind him.
"There is no one to show me the way," Vaan commented.
 "You are usually expected to go to the Guest Room, Young Master Vaan…" Aldric replied. 
"I am 'expected' to huh…" Vaan noted.
"Show me the way." He ordered.
"As you command." Aldric bowed his head as he showed Vaan the way to the Guestroom.
"I apologize but I cannot follow you in, Young Master." Aldric spoke as the two of them appeared in front of a room.
Vaan nodded, then, he walked into the room.
And just as he thought,
There was no one inside.
He was 'expected' to wait for Seraphina.
'Heh.'
A small smile appeared on Vaan's face.
His eyes, however, weren't laughing at all.
He sat on the sofa and he placed his legs on the table in front of him as he waited for Seraphina.
15 minutes later, the doors of the room finally opened.
A beautiful white-haired girl, along with 2 maids, walked in, her serene expression changed a little when she saw Vaan's sitting posture, soon, however, a gentle smile appeared on her face as she bowed elegantly,
"It has been a while since we saw each other, Young Master Vaan.
Please forgive me for coming late, I was getting ready since Young Master had come to visit."
Of course, Vaan wasn't buying any of that bullshit.
However, he controlled his emotion and smiled.
"I do not mind at all, Sera.
Have a seat."
He spoke as he pointed at the chair in front of him. All this time, he didn't stand up from his chair, neither did he remove his legs from the table.
Seraphina and her two maids narrowed their eyes when they saw this attitude, however, Seraphina then smiled and sat on the chair Vaan pointed at.
Vaan finally fixed his posture as he moved his legs from the table and leaned towards Seraphina.
"It has been a while indeed."
Vaan muttered.
He was currently experiencing an influx of memories, all the time he spent with this woman in front of him, how she treated him, looked down on him, made fun of him, duped him, and used him, he learned about it all.
Vaan was enraged, however, his anger wasn't directly toward Seraphina,
Seraphine was just an ambitious young woman who did everything she could to increase her family's status. For her, the previous Vaan was simply a tool to achieve her dreams. Honestly, Vaan didn't think what she did was wrong.
A pushover like the previous Vaan, he would have done the same if he ever encountered a fool like him.
Vaan's anger was directed toward the previous Vaan.
'Just how much of a simp can one be!? That bitch would have licked her feet if she asked him to!'
Vaan cursed inwardly, disgusted by how the previous Vaan acted.
"I heard Young Master Vaan has been working hard and studying magic." While Vaan was thinking all this, Seraphina questioned.
Vaan looked at Seraphina for a while, then, he just smiled.
He didn't mind what Seraphina did 'before'.
However, things change if just like the previous Vaan, this woman was trying to use him as her 'tool' as well.
He didn't like that one bit.
"Indeed, studying magic is important, after all."
"Indeed, Indeed, I completely agree with Young Master Vaan." Seraphina nodded continuously.
Then, she glanced at Vaan and,
"By the way, Young Master Vaan, did you manage to get your hands on that?" She questioned directly.
"Right, you wanted the 'How to Stabilize your Magic Circles' Book from the Vesta Family's library, correct?" Vaan questioned.
"It would forever be indebted to Young Master if he could lend me that book for a few days." Seraphina looked into Vaan's eyes as she put her hair behind her ears.
The previous Vaan would have started to blush if he saw something like this, however,
"Of course, I can do anything for you, Sera."
Vaan replied, then, he suddenly moved and held Seraphina's hands,
"But that book is quite precious,
You aren't thinking of getting it for free, are you?"



Chapter 55 Now choose
"But that book is quite precious,
You aren't thinking of getting it for free, are you?"
Vaan spoke as he suddenly held Seraphina's hands. Seraphina was taken aback by Vaan's sudden move, however, before she could react, one of the maids standing behind Seraphina reacted and grabbed Vaan's hand as she shouted.
"How dare you!? Get your hands away from Lady Seraphine."
Vaan glanced at the maid then he tilted his head in confusion.
"I didn't know the servants of the Stormweaver house were bold enough to directly touch a member of the Vesta Family.
Sera my love, should I take this as an offence against the Vesta Family?"
Vaan questioned as he turned towards Seraphina with a light smile on his face. All this while, he didn't leave Seraphina's hands.
Seraphina's expression changed. She calmly moved her hands away from Vaan's grip, then, she glanced at Vaan and,
"I apologize for my maid's action. She is a rash person, I will discipline her well."
Seraphina then glanced at her maid, she didn't say anything, however, the maid understood what she wanted. She recognized her mistake and quickly moved her hands away.
"I apologize, Young Master Vaan." She bowed her head.
Vaan, however, just smiled.
"I don't think a simple apology will work in this situation, girl."
The maid didn't know what do to.
"What do you want, Young Master Vaan?" Seraphina questioned.
"You love your father, correct?" Suddenly, Vaan questioned.
"Huh?" Seraphina was taken aback.
Vaan continued to look at her.
"Yes, I do love and respect my father, Young Master Vaan."
"Then let's say your father visits the Vesta Mansion because he was invited, then, the guards there throw your father away and embarrass him in front of everyone, what would you want me to do to those guards?"
'You wouldn't be able to do anything because you do not own any power in the Vesta Family.'
Seraphina wanted to say this, but obviously, she couldn't do it.
She then looked at Vaan with a strange look on her face. She didn't know how to put it, but Vaan was acting differently than normal.
She couldn't see that 'honey dipping look' in his eyes that he used to show before whenever he met her. His eyes seemed more… clearer…
Seraphina was having a hard time adjusting to this sudden change.
"I… I would want those guards to apologize…" Seraphina answered.
"Oh? So a simple apology would cut it huh." Vaan noted.
Then, he stood up.
"Alright, I get it.
The Vesta House would be arranging a welcoming ceremony soon for the children of Vesta who will be returning from the academy in the upcoming break.
The Stormweaver House will be invited as well.
I am looking forward to you people attending the party, Seraphina." Vaan smiled mysteriously. It was as if he was planning something.
"Anyways, I will be taking my leave now.
Since there are people who obviously don't want me here."
 As he said those words, Vaan momentarily glanced at the maid who had grabbed his hand. 
"Wait."
Just as Vaan was about to leave the room, Seraphina called out.
She was clenching her fists to hold back her anger, the meaning behind Vaan's words couldn't be clearer, inviting them just to kick them out later and end it all with an apology. Even an idiot could tell what he was planning, but to think the situation made it so that other than silently listening to his words, there was nothing she could do.
Seraphina hated the fact that she had so little control over the overall situation.
Vaan, who stood with his back facing Seraphina smiled widely as he heard her call him, then, his smile faded away as he turned around with a tired sigh, "What is it now, Sera?" he questioned.
"Lily, apologize," Seraphina ordered.
"I apolo-" Lily, the maid was about to bow her head, however, "Not like this." Seraphina interrupted.
"Kneel down and rub your nose on the ground while you apologize."
Seraphina ordered with a cold look on her face.
Lily's expression changed. Even Vaan was taken aback, he was impressed by how decisive this woman was.
"Lady Seraphina…" Lily called out in surprise. She obviously didn't want to do it and couldn't believe that her Lady who she had been loyal to for all her life ordered her to do something like this.
Seraphina, however, didn't care.
"Kneel." She ordered.
Lily's body trembled, she glanced at the other maid, asking for her help, however, the other maid simply glanced away. Lily's body trembled in embarrassment, then, she glanced at Vaan who was looking at her with an expressionless look on his face.
Then, gritting her teeth, she knelt, she bowed her head and as her nose touched the ground, she started rubbing it and, "I apologize, I was disrespectful, I will reflect on my actions, please forgive me, Young Master Vaan."
Vaan didn't say anything, he just let the maid continue to rub her nose on the ground in embarrassment and glanced at Seraphina.
"I also apologize for not disciplining my servants, Young Master Vaan. I hope you won't take it to your heart." Seraphina bowed her head as well.
"Fire her."
Suddenly, Vaan ordered.
Seraphina, Lily, and the other maid inside the room widened their eyes in surprise as they heard Vaan's words.
"W-What…?" Seraphina stuttered.
"Fire this maid."
"But I-"
"It is either me or this maid, Seraphina.
Choose well."
Vaan wasn't willing to listen.
Lily, who had her head on the ground was surprised as well.
"Young Master Vaan, you asked what I would want if your guards were disrespectful to someone from my family, I believe this sort of apology would suffice for me, I wouldn't want you to fire them since those guards must have a family to feed as well, so plea-"
"That is your choice, this is mine.
Now choose.
With how much I have done for you in all these years if you still choose a mere maid over me, then I'd believe I was a fool before and would stop pursuing you entirely.
So please give your answer, Seraphina.
It is something very important for me."



Chapter 56 Know your place
"With how much I have done for you in all these years if you still choose a mere maid over me, then I'd believe I was a fool before and would stop pursuing you entirely.
So please give your answer, Seraphina.
It is something very important for me."
Vaan spoke with a cold look on his face.
"…"
Seraphina turned silent.
She wasn't given much of a choice here.
She glanced at Lily who kept her pride away for her sake and was still kneeling on the ground, she didn't wish to do it but in the end,
Seraphina clenched her fists,
"Lily, you can leave. You do not have to come starting tomorrow."
Seraphina had to throw Lily away.
"L-Lady Seraphina…?"
Lily was absolutely shocked.
"But Lady Sera-"
"Know your place, Maid." This time, Vaan was the one who spoke up.
Then, he glared at Lily and,
"Be glad that you are even alive after what you have done.
If you weren't Sera's servant, I would have killed you right here and now.
Now get the fuck out, else I won't mind changing my decision."
Lily gulped in fear…
"You know what, you think too much of yourself. You need to face the reality of the world and realize who you are standing in front of.
Once I return, I will make sure that the entire Vesta City knows you were kicked out because you offended Vaan Astra Vesta. Let's see who hires you or keep any sort of connection with you at all."
Vaan spoke.
Lily widened her eyes as her body trembled.
She was frustrated, she knelt, she rubbed her nose on the ground, and begged for forgiveness, and even then, she was kicked out. Not only that, she could tell this man would make sure that she wouldn't be hired by anyone in the Vesta City.
If she needed to survive, she would need to leave the Vesta City, however, the entire City was surrounded by water and she didn't have enough money to book a ship.
Her future… it was absolutely certain…
And there was nothing she could do about it.
"Now leave if you don't want me to make your life more miserable." Vaan threatened.
With a soulless look on her face, Lily walked away.
Once she left the room, Vaan's cold expression disappeared and was replaced by a warm smile.
He glanced at Seraphina and, "Thank you, Sera."
"What are you thanking me for, Young Master Vaan?" Seraphina smiled. She had enough time to analyze the situation and react accordingly.
What's lost was lost, there was no point in reacting to it right now. For now, she had to work on capitalizing on the decision she had made.
Vaan had changed, however, Seraphina could tell that he still had feelings for her.
 He may be much more arrogant and direct than before, however, he still had a soft side for her. She needed to use that, just like she always has been. 
"For choosing me over that maid," Vaan replied. The smile on his face hadn't disappeared all this time.
"Young Master Vaan, please don't act so distant. How could you even think that I would choose a mere maid over you? I was only hesitating because I was worried how she would fend off for herself in the future, however, if you put in a condition where I had to choose you over her, then I didn't even have to think.
You mean much more to me than a mere maid."
Seraphina smiled.
"I appreciate that.
It made me feel special." Vaan spoke.
"You are special, Young Master Vaan."
"W-What?" Vaan was taken aback as Seraphina smile at her.
"I said you are special in my eyes, Young Master Vaan," Seraphina repeated her words, this time, her tone sounded a bit flirty.
"S-Sera, I think I forgot something back in my room, so I will be taking my leave now!" Suddenly, Vaan rushed out of Seraphina's room.
"Young Master Vaan!" Seraphina wanted to stop him, however, Vaan didn't listen and just rushed out.
Aldric, who was patiently waiting for Vaan's return was surprised when he saw Vaan acting like that, however, he didn't question anything and quickly followed Vaan.
Soon, the two of them sat on the carriage and left.
…
On the other hand, Lily, who packed her stuff and was about to leave her room paused as she saw Seraphina's other maid standing in front of her.
"Why are you here, Anna?" She questioned.
"Take care," Anna replied.
Hearing that, Lily just chuckled, "I will take care, don't worry. I mean, what even happened? Not like I lost my job or won't be able to work anywhere anymore, right?"
"I will talk to Lady Ser-"
"23 years, Anna. I have been by Lady Seraphina's side ever since she was born, I treated her like a family and was absolutely loyal to her, it was to the point where even if she asked me to kill myself, I would have done it without hesitation.
And what did I gain back in exchange? She kicked me away just because that man said so.
She doesn't even love him, heck, he is nothing more than a golden egg laying hen in her eyes, but to think she would throw me away for someone like him.
Maybe we aren't much different in her eyes as well. Rather than 'family', maybe we are just some tools she needs to get her work done for her."
"That is no-"
"I am thrown away, Anna. I hope doesn't happen to my sister, be careful, and do not trust Lady Seraphina too much."
Saying those words, Lily decided to leave without hearing what Anna had to say.
Once she left the Stormweaver Mansion, she headed towards her small house, it was an hour-long walk, Lily had the money, but she wasn't foolish enough to waste money on the carriage in this situation.
An hour later, Lily walked into her house, then, she froze.
"Keeping me waiting for this long, you really are daring, aren't you?"



Chapter 57 The chase cannot end
Seraphina, who was left alone in her room sighed. To think that man would blush like this just because she flirted with him a little, was he even a man?
If he didn't have the Blood of the Vestas flowing through his veins, Seraphina wouldn't even have looked at him.
Vaan was just too pathetic.
Thinking all that, Seraphina sighed again.
She didn't get the book she wanted today as well.
'I need to direct his desperation somewhere else and make him bring that book to me…' She spoke to herself.
*Knock* *Knock*
Suddenly, Seraphina heard a knock.
"Who is it?" She questioned.
"It is me, Sera." A man's voice was heard.
Seraphina's expression changed,
"Please come in, Father." She stood up and spoke in a respectful tone.
A tired-looking man with wrinkles on his face and dark circles under his eyes walked into the room, he had natural white hair and blue eyes just like Seraphina, even though his face was wrinkled, his sharp features were still visible. It was clear who Seraphina inherited her beauty from.
"Sera." Seraphina's father, the head of the Stormweaver family, Anderson Stormweaver called out with a slight smile on his face.
Anderson did what no one in the Stormweaver Family had done before and had just recently become a 5th Circle Mage, significantly raising the status of the Stormweaver Family in the Vesta City and he did it by using the resources his daughter Seraphina had 'received' from Vaan.
"Father, what are you doing here?"
Seraphine questioned in a respectful tone.
"I think you should stop what you are doing, Sera. I have a feeling it won't end well." Anderson spoke with a worried look on his face.
He clearly knew what his daughter was doing and while he was grateful to her because he managed to break through because of her actions, he still felt messing with the Vesta Family was not a good idea.
"Haahh…"
Hearing her father's words, Seraphina sighed.
"Father, didn't I tell you already? Just leave everything to me.
Just let this princess handle it." She laughed.
Anderson glanced at his daughter and a weak smile appeared on his face,
"This is what worries me the most, my girl. You are doing something so risky for the sake of our family. Don't think I don't know that while doing all this, you are also preparing so that if in the future something happens, you alone would be taking all the blame and the family would be spared."
"Father, you are a kind person who genuinely cares for everyone around you." Suddenly, Seraphina spoke up as she made her father sit on the sofa before sitting next to him.
"I know that you, just like the grandfather, want to raise the status of our family, however, you have to know, this world isn't a fairy tale where putting in the effort would get you what you want.
Magic is an unfair study, Father.
Not only do you need talent, you need resources as well. Resources that our family, with its current power, cannot gather.
Do you really think there is something in Vesta blood that helps them produce advanced mages for generations? Of course not. It is the resources and the knowledge they possess that make them as strong as they are right now.
If our family wants to raise our status, we need those resources, and the only person who can provide us with those resources is that man, Father.
If I do not do this, our condition would never improve no matter how much we struggle."
Seraphine explained with a serious look on her face.
Anderson, however, was still not convinced, "But do you really have to trick him though? It is apparent that that boy likes you, if you agree to marry him, not only would I not have to worry about my daughter, you wouldn't have to worry about our family either."
Hearing those words, Seraphina just smiled, "Father, the moment I marry him, my value becomes zero. Do you really think that person is in love with me? Well, you and even he may think that, however, in truth, what he wants is to own me.
 There is no love in his heart, Father. He would chase me till he doesn't 'own' me, but when I marry him and becomes 'his', the chase is over, his interest is over, and whatever he is doing for me right now, everything would end. 
What do you think happened to his so-called fiancé? Do you think he pushed her away just because her magic talent outshined his? It was already clear that she was a magical prodigy when Lady Astra herself accepted her, someone who did not have Vesta blood, as her pupil.
Although I would not deny that I played my part in it, the biggest reason why the Vaan pushed Elara away was because she 'gave' herself to him and that fool continued to do it, making Vaan take her for granted.
So if I want to use Vaan, I absolutely cannot become his. The 'chase' cannot end."
Seraphina spoke with a serious look on her face.
She wasn't a fool, she knew just how dangerous what she was doing was. If she could achieve that simply by marrying Vaan, then she wouldn't mind doing that at all. Vaan may be a fool and a sore loser, but he was, in the end, a Vesta and he was blessed with a good appearance either.
Marrying him for the sake of her family was no problem, but just as she mentioned before, Seraphina couldn't do it.
She couldn't become the second Elara.
This time, Anderson had no words. His daughter was just too smart, so smart that he had no way of convincing her.
"Just be careful, okay?" Anderson sighed.
"Don't worry, Father. I will be careful." Seraphina smiled.
"What about Lily? That maid was loyal to you this whole time, you aren't just going to abandon her, are you?"
"Of course not.
I needed to keep a tough act in front of that man, however, I am not an ungrateful person.
I will secretly find her, give her money and help her leave the Vesta City, however, after that, she would have to survive on her own."
"She is a smart girl, I believe she will be able to do it." Anderson smiled.
"I believe so as well." Seraphina smiled as she placed her head on her father's shoulder and closed her eyes.
Anderson shook his head and then started gently patting his daughter's head.



Chapter 58 Take me to him
"So you have published your theory of 'advance' Magic Circle," Astra spoke as she continue to ruffle Vaan's hair.
Vaan, who was resting his head on his mother's lap nodded, "Mhm, did it a few days ago."
"You did a good job on it, I didn't think you would make it so formal. You even added acknowledgment, reference books, an introduction, a summary and even created an index. It looked like it was written by a professional." Astra praised.
"Honestly, I just wanted to draw my circle and end it there, but Elara helped me and added all of that. I told her that there was no point in doing it since no one is going to understand anything anyways, but she said that it was the first publication under my name so she needed to do it properly."
"Aha! No wonder the language sounded so familiar. It was that girl who helped you. Did the two of you write it together?" Astra questioned with a curious look on her face.
"More like she was the one who wrote the entire thing, I only drew the Magic Circle."
"That's not what I am asking you fool, I am asking whether the two of you were together all that time."
Hearing that, Vaan opened his eyes as he glanced at his mother, then, with a playful smile on his face, he questioned back, "Does my almighty mother not know about it? I thought you were an omniscient being."
"You think all I do is keep an eye on my son and my pupil all day?" Astra questioned as she pulled Vaan's ears.
"Aaahhh! Okay! Okay! I was just joking! Yes, I was with her the whole time! I told her about the theory was I going to publish because you ordered me to and she offered to help me!" Vaan answered quickly.
His mother was too ruthless!
"Oh ho, so the two of you are spending more time together huh? Good Good, that is good. That girl was quite worried when she heard that you have gone to the Stormweaver House."
"Was she the only one who was worried?" Vaan questioned with a playful smile on his face. Astra glanced at her child and raised her eyebrow again, Vaan quickly covered his ears with his two hands and, "There is nothing to worry about of course! Don't worry, everything is a part of my plan.
And yes, I will not disappoint Elara."
Vaan spoke with a genuine look on his face.
"Hmph! Try to do it and see how I hunt you down." Astra gave the ultimatum.
Vaan sighed.
His mother really was on her daughter-in-law's side rather than his.
Well, not that it was her fault, in this world, if anyone had met Elara and was not on her side, that being was simply a fool. Hating Elara was simply impossible.
"Anyways, what are you planning to do with that Stormweaver?" Suddenly, Astra questioned.
"Just leave it to me, Mother," Vaan replied.
He didn't want his mother's help. That would make things a little too easy. If he wanted to stand up on his own, he needed to deal with things on his own. Simply relying on his overpowered mother was not an option.
Astra glanced at Vaan for a while and, "That girl is not simple, Vaan."
"I am not simple either, Mother." Vaan laughed.
Astra just shook her head as she sighed, she wanted to act disappointed but the smile on her face betrayed her.
"Mother, I am curious, has anyone read the theory I published?"
Obviously, reading the theory published by other Mages wasn't free, all the public theories cost something, and although the theory published by Vaan was so cheap that even commoners could afford it if they tried, reading theories written by a 1st Circle Mage, that too a bogus theory like 'an Advanced Magic Circle', Vaan knew that most people won't even touch his theory and would completely ignore it, however, he was still curious.
"Well, your uncles and aunts were the first ones to read it. I believe they read it as soon as they received the news."
"Hehe, I guess I would need to thank them for supporting this struggling mage." Vaan chuckled.
Whatever a theory earns is divided between the House that published the theory and the Mage who wrote that theory. In Vesta City, most of the public Magic Theories were managed by the Vesta House. Of course, there were some managed by other houses, however, the difference between the reputation was apparent and not many read those theories published by other houses.
"Hahaha~ Make sure you do that." Astra laughed as well.
"So? What did they say?" Vaan questioned.
"What is there to say? They all understood that the theory was bogus and the circle you propose was impractical, your Uncle Draven even came to me to complain about it."
"What did he complain about? Wait, let me guess, it should be the same old, 'You shouldn't let him publish a bogus theory even if he is your son, it would ruin the reputation of our Vesta House.' Right?"
"You know your uncle quite well." Astra smiled.
 "Well, of course, he is my dear uncle, after all." Vaan smiled. 
"There were also other people who bought the theory you published out of curiosity, though most of those theories were later thrown away."
"That hurts." Vaan pouted.
Astra completely ignored that.
*Knock* *Knock*
Then, the two of them heard a knock.
"Ahh, he should be here."
Vaan spoke up.
"Who?" Astra questioned.
"Right, I didn't tell you, did I?
I recruited a new handyman."
"A handyman? Who?"
"Asher."
"Asher? That Asher?"
"Mhm, the man is more useful than I thought." Saying those words, Vaan stood up.
"Anyways, I will see you later, Mother.
Take care you yourself."
"Alright, you too," Astra replied.
Vaan then walked out of the room, the servant, who was expecting a reply and was about to inform them about Asher's visit was surprised.
"Take me to him," Vaan ordered.
"A-As you command, Young Master Vaan."



Chapter 59 Vaan is blackmailing me
*Knock* *Knock*
"Lady Seraphina."
A servant called out as he knocked on Seraphina's room.
"Enter." Seraphina, who was currently sitting inside her room, drinking coffee ordered.
"Lady Seraphina, Young Master Asher is requesting to meet you." The servant walked in and reported.
"Asher?" Seraphina frowned in confusion. She hadn't invited him though… why was he here…?
"Should I send him away, my Lady?" Anna, Seraphina's maid questioned. She knew Seraphina didn't like meeting people whom she hadn't invited.
Seraphina was the type of person who planned everything beforehand and rarely anything went against her plans. Although she is confident in her ability to handle things when they didn't go in the direction she wanted to, she still preferred planned meetings rather than unplanned ones.
This time, however,
"Tell him to wait in the Guest room, I will be there in 10 minutes," Seraphina ordered.
The servant bowed his head and walked away, then, Seraphina casually sipped on her coffee.
"…" Anna wanted to ask why she was meeting him when she usually just sends people away if they come like this, but then, 'I hope you are not thrown away I was,' she recalled Lily's words and turned silent.
There was no reason for her to question her master's decision.
Seraphina noticed the fluctuations on Anna's face and she knew it was because of what happened to Lily, she could feel that a small crack had appeared in their relationship.
She wanted to fix it, however, there was nothing she could do about it.
When she sent someone to find Lily and help her get out of this City, she realized that Lily had disappeared.
She considered the possibility of something happening to Lily, however, then she scratched it away,
The only person she had 'enmity' with was Vaan and if Vaan wanted, he could have killed her right there and then. There was no need for Vaan to do something this foolish, especially when his mother, Lady Astra absolutely hates suppressing the weak.
Lily had run away on her own.
Seraphina was sure about it.
'To think that girl would make such a rash decision…'
Seraphina sighed.
Once she drank her coffee, Seraphina stood up and walked out of the room. Anna followed the two of them and walked into the guest room, there, they found Asher sitting on the sofa, waiting for them.
"Lady Seraphina, I apologize for coming in unannounced and thank you for coming to me, I honestly feared that you would send me away," Asher spoke with a slight smile on his face.
"Of course not, Young Master Asher. Why would I send you away? You are an important friend of mine." Seraphina replied with a slight smile on her face as she sat on the chair placed in front of Asher.
Anna quickly brought some refreshments and placed it on the table.
"Anyways, what brought you here, Young Master Asher? You rarely come announced. Is everything all right?" Seraphina questioned directly.
Hearing that, Asher looked around a few times, then he glanced at Anna and,
"Lady Seraphina, can I talk to you alone?"
Seraphina narrowed her eyes.
Then, she raised her hand. Anna nodded then with a slight bow, she left her room.
"What happened, Young Master Asher?" Seraphina questioned with a solemn look on her face.
Asher looked around again as if he was trying to make sure no one else was around, then, he leaned forward and,
"Young Master Vaan is trying to fool you," Asher revealed in a low voice.
"What do you mean?" Seraphina narrowed her eyes.
 Asher then took out a 15-page long 'theory' and passed it to Seraphina, "This was the Magic Theory recently published by Young Master Vaan." 
"Huh? Magic Theory published by him?" Seraphina frowned in confusion.
Why did she not know about it?
Why didn't Aldric report her about this?
Did he not know about it?
Was Vaan hiding this from him? Or was he trying to hide it from me?
These questions popped up in her mind.
Soon, however, she focused her attention on the Theory, most of it was general stuff so she quickly started skipping all the pages.
Then, her eyes fell on the 'Advanced Circle' Vaan had drew and she paused.
"A Circle with 6 Inner Circles?" With a shocked look on her face, Seraphina muttered.
"And this was researched and published by Vaan?" Seraphina couldn't believe it. Then, however, she frowned in confusion,
"Does this Magic Circle work?"
"I do not know," Asher shook his head and Seraphina's expression changed.
"You are worrying too much, Asher. Vaan doesn't have the capability to come up with something like this and even if he did, the Vesta Family would never reveal it to the general public. This is just a bogus theory that he had published to earn some extra cash." Seraphina waved her hand as she dismissed Vaan's theory.
"You are not getting the point, Lady Seraphina. There are many ways for him to get money and this theory he published cost only 2 Gold Coins. It is nothing for someone like him."
"What are you trying to say?" Seraphina questioned.
"Lady Seraphina, you were the one who didn't want Young Master Vaan to study Magic, but now, not only is he not studying it, he is even publishing magic theories, no matter how irrelevant and bogus of a theory it is, it still shows that his interest in magic in rising each and every single day. That is not something you want now, is it?" Asher questioned.
"You sound particularly alarmed about this." Suddenly, Seraphina narrowed her eyes.
"That beca-"
"Let's drop the formalities here, Asher. We both have done things that would put us in a bad position in front of the Vestas, I know, Vaan has changed, I have met him and I was surprised as well.
I can sense that you are panicking inwardly, so I am guessing something happened.
Tell me,
What is it?
I know you don't like to stick your nose in sticky situations,
So tell me what's wrong and I will help you get out of the trouble, permanently."
Seraphina spoke, Asher stared at Seraphina for a while and then,
"Vaan is blackmailing me."



Chapter 60 I take it that you came here with a plan
Asher stared at Seraphina for a while and then,
"Vaan is blackmailing me."
"Huh?" Seraphina frowned in confusion.
Then with a serious look on his face, Asher started,
"Vaan isn't the same as before, he has changed, a lot more than you think."
"I know, I have met hi-"
"No, you do not know. I know you met him and I can tell that you think that he still likes you, but in truth, he does not. He was acting all along.
I do not know what happened but do not treat Vaan like the fool he was before. He is a lot smarter and more ruthless than before.
He forced me and my friends to steal 20 Elemental Stones from our family treasury and give it to him. He threatened us that if we do not do it, he would use the power of the Vesta Family to put our family in a disadvantageous situation."
Asher revealed the truth.
He wanted to get out of this messy situation, at first, he decided to side with Vaan, however, today after meeting with Seraphina and seeing just how perceptive she was, his decision wavered.
"He does not have the power to do that. The Vaan family values its reputation more than ever, they would never attack a smaller family just because someone like Vaan said so, although Lady Astra may be his blood mother, Vaan does not hold that sort of status in his family to make them do anything like that." Seraphina quickly shook her head.
"Do you think I would still want an heir of the Vesta Family coming after me with everything he had?
With his status, he doesn't even need the Vesta Family, if he tries, many 4th Circle Mages would be ready to do what he wants just to win his favor. I have no choice but to bow down in this situation." Asher explained his situation.
Seraphina started thinking but then, Asher dropped another bomb,
"Don't think I am the only one.
He hasn't shown you his true face yet because he is waiting."
"Waiting? Waiting for what?" Seraphina frowned in confusion.
Asher then placed a crystal ball on the table and seeing the ball, Seraphina narrowed her eyes,
"A Recording Crystal…" She recognized this thing as soon as her eyes fell on it.
"He is waiting to get his hands on a proof.
Everything we did to him, it was ordered by you, however, there is no evidence to support that statement, and that is what Vaan is looking for.
He is blackmailing not only me, but the four of them as well, he wanted us to come here, fool you into confessing your crimes, and recording the entire thing. Once he has enough proof, he would let all of us go and would target you instead."
Asher revealed Vaan's plan and hearing his words, Seraphina's expression changed.
She did think Vaan was acting differently but this…
This was much more concerning than she thought…
However, now that she thought about it, it did make a little sense.
She has mentioned the book she wanted more than 3 times already, if it was the normal Vaan, then he would have brought the book to her even if that meant getting punished by his mother.
However, now, every time she mentioned the book, he always changed the topic, and what's worse?
She would always fall into his rhythm and would forget about the book.
Even the meeting before, she thought that he ran away while he blushed but now that she thought about it, rather than running away in embarrassment, Vaan got away after getting what he wanted.
That was to test her limits and make her fire one of her most trusted subordinates…
Thinking about it, Seraphina clenched her fists in frustration.
'Vaan Vesta…'
Her icy blue eyes turned cold, then, she glanced at Asher and,
 "Why are you telling me all this?" She questioned.
"Vaan is clearly the stronger leg to grab here, then why come to me and reveal all his plans? Aren't you scared that he would realize that you have betrayed him and would harm you?"
"I am playing the safe game here, Lady Seraphina. You are the last person who would rat me out because that will just be dumb and if you don't say it, then there is no way he would know that I am not on his side.
I highly doubt that he would let me go once you are down, so I am putting my trust in you and have decided to hop on the same boat you are on.
No matter what, Vaan would still be Vaan. He might have changed, but that doesn't me that he turned into a different person, deep down, he is the same fool he was before. I am sure if you and I work together, then handling someone like him won't be difficult."
Asher explained the reasons behind his actions.
"Heh, aren't you just saying that you know you would not end up well if you choose his so you are betting on me instead?" Seraphina questioned as she laughed.
"I will not deny that."
"Then why would I want you on my side? You are completely useless to me. Why should I be your shield?" Seraphina questioned.
This time, Asher was the one who laughed,
"Not like you have any other choice. What are you going to do? Tell on me? What would you even say to him?
'Asher, the man you sent to gather evidence against me is trying to betray you and join me?'
What do you think would happen after that? Vaan would praise you for your honesty and give you what you want?"
"…"
Seraphina turned silent.
Asher was right.
Other than destroying all these 'strategic barriers' they have set and completely falling out with each other, there was nothing she would achieve by telling on Asher.
No matter what, she had to become his shield because if Asher goes down, the chances of her going down together with him were extremely high.
Thinking all that, Seraphina sighed, then, she glanced at Asher and,
"I take it that you came here with a plan?"



Chapter 61 Get Vaan addicted to Dreamweave and control him through it
"I take it that you came here with a plan?"
Seraphina questioned as she glanced at Asher. Asher turned silent for a while and then,
"…that is correct."
"What is the plan?"
"Dreamweave."
"Huh?" Seraphina frowned in confusion.
"Vaan won't act against you unless he has the evidence. He wants revenge and honestly, with how he is changing, soon, the people in the Vesta Family would accept him and once that happens, he won't need any proof anymore.
Surviving in the Vesta City while a direct descendent of the Vesta Family sees you in a negative light, it is almost impossible. He might not do anything to harm you directly, but it will definitely cripple any potential for future growth.
If we want to avoid that fate, then we need to act as soon and effectively as possible. So-"
"Asher, don't twist your words trying to convince me. Just say what you want to say."
Seraphina interrupted as she looked into Asher's eyes. She didn't have time for these little mind games. This was a serious issue.
"Get Vaan addicted to Dreamweave and control him through it." Asher summarized.
"Are you kidding me?" Seraphina narrowed her eyes.
Using Dreamweave against a member of the Vesta Family? Just what sort of fool would try such a thing, Lady Astra would find out about it the moment her eyes fell on Vaan, and once that happens,
Everything is over.
Unlike Vaan, Astra wouldn't need any evidence, reasons, or something like that.
If you get on her bad side, it was over.
"That is the only option we have,"
"That option is going to get us killed, mercilessly."
"That's only when Lady Astra finds out about this."
"And you think she won't?" Seraphina retorted.
Asher, however, just looked into Seraphina's eyes and, "She won't if we do it correctly and you know it as well, don't you?"
"…"
Hearing Asher's words, Seraphina turned silent.
This time, her face looked more solemn than the time when Asher was talking about Vaan and his change.
"How do you know?"
She questioned.
"You are not the only one who knows how they work, Lady Seraphina."
"…"
Silence fell over the room.
"You can leave now. I need to think about this."
Suddenly, Seraphina spoke up.
Asher glanced at her expression and then, he stood up,
"Then I hope to see you soon."
Saying those words, Asher turned around, however, just as he was about to leave,
 "Wait." Seraphina stopped. 
"You won't mind if I do a thorough search on you, right? I am a bit on edge after seeing the recording crystal you showed me."
Asher glanced at Seraphina, then, he raised both his hands and,
"Of course, I don't mind. I rather like that you are being careful. It reassures me that the decision I made was correct."
Seraphina nodded, then, she walked toward Asher and searched his body, looking for any other artifacts he might be hiding.
5 minutes later, when she couldn't find anything, she nodded at Asher again, signaling him that he was clear and can now leave.
Asher understood and turned around again.
"Ah right, I will be coming to see you again, this time, it would be with those 5 friends of mine, we people would try to get something that could incriminate you out of your mouth and will be carrying these recording stones, so be careful."
"Don't worry." Seraphina nodded. "Where will you be going now?"
"To the Vesta Mansion, of course, I need to report how our conversation went," Asher replied with a slight smile on his face as he walked away.
Seraphina's expression didn't change after he left. She seemed to have been lost in his thoughts.
…
On the other side, Asher, who had returned to the Vesta Mansion after talking with Seraphina was patiently waiting for Vaan in the guest room.
"Yo, punch bag, how have ya been?" 5 minutes later, Vaan kicks the door and walks in.
Again, Asher wondered just how can one person change so much, he couldn't believe the man who was currently patting his shoulder while picking his ear with his pinky finger with another hand was the same Vaan who used to start stuttering in fear whenever he walked close to him.
"I have been well, Young Master Vaan…"
"So? You went to that woman?" Vaan questioned as he offered a seat.
"I did." Asher nodded.
"Did you get anything?" Suddenly, the jolly carefree aura around Vaan disappeared.
Asher's expressions changed as well.
This…
The way how Vaan completely changed in an instant, this was what made him so fearful of him…
It was as if this man had two different personalities.
One, a carefree thug who thought he could solve everything with his fists…
And second, the more hidden one, the cautious man plans all his steps to absolute perfection…
"You were right, Young Master Vaan."
Asher nodded.
"I realized that she was not answering the questions the way I imagined her to. She wasn't saying anything directly. Then when I took out the Recoding Crystal although she acted surprised, from her expression, I felt like she had already thought of that possibility. She is an extremely cautious woman."
Yes, Asher never switched sides.
What he did in the Stormweaver mansion, it was Vaan who ordered him to do it. Even the part where he revealed how he and his friends were being blackmailed, or taking out the Recoding Crystal telling Seraphina that Vaan wanted some evidence against her, Asher was just following orders.
"Have you managed to win her trust?" Vaan questioned.
"I believe so, yes. Though she did search me and tried to look for some other things that could put her in danger before I left, so I am not sure." Asher replied but hearing that, Vaan just waved his hand,
"Don't bother about that. That was just her way of telling you that she still has her eyes on you and creating a clear distinction in this relationship."
"She was telling me that I am the subordinate and she is the leader?"
"Hahaha~ That's correct." Vaan laughed out loud.
Seraphina… she reminded him of a very interesting character from his previous life.
The City Mayor of the city he lived in, Seraphina was just like that woman, ambitious, talented, emotionally strong, and scheming.
It was a pity that, unlike the Mayor, this woman was not on his side.
He would absolutely destroy such a capable woman, a pity indeed…
A cold glint shone in Vaan's eyes.
"Y-Young Master Vaan…"
Suddenly, Asher called out.
"What is it?"
"Did we really have to do it?"
"Hmm?"
"I am talking about how you told me to reveal your true nature to Seraphina. You clearly had the advantage in this situation because Seraphina was still underestimating you…
Wouldn't it have been better if you had kept her in the dark and used that to your advantage?"
"But that wouldn't be fun, now would it?" Vaan smiled.
"Fun…?"
Asher tilted his head in confusion.
Was this man really thinking about 'fun' right now…?
Then the time when he punched him so many times to the point his face was all bruised, was that also just him having 'fun'? Just what kind of person has this bastard become!?
"Also, who said that Seraphina trusts your words?" Suddenly, Vaan questioned with a playful smile on his face.
"Huh?"
"Sometimes, the best way to confuse your enemy is to tell them the truth."
"I don't understand…" Asher was confused.
Vaan just laughed. Then, he placed his hand on Asher's shoulder and, "Don't worry too much, punch bag. You just do what I tell you to, and everything will be fine.
Just know that there is no way we can lose this battle.
I have the biggest trump card one could possibly imagine."
*Knock* *Knock*
Suddenly Vaan heard a knock, a wide smirk appeared on his face and,
"Enter."
He ordered.
A familiar maid walked in while pushing a table with tea and snacks on top of it.
Soon, the maid then served the tea and snacks. Vaan glanced at the maid and,
"Thank you, Lily."
He spoke.
"I am grateful to be at your service, Young Master Vaan." The woman replied.
Asher glanced at the maid and couldn't help but be surprised.
The main reason why Asher had decided to stay absolutely loyal to Vaan…
This maid was none other than the maid who served Seraphina. The woman who took care of Seraphina and watched her grow from a baby who knew nothing but crying to the woman she was now…
A woman who was once absolutely loyal to Seraphina and knew almost everything about her…
And that woman now stood before him…
On Vaan's side…
Vaan practically had an encyclopedia who knew almost everything about his enemy, how could they possibly lose in such a situation?
Honestly, the decision of kicking Lily out just because Vaan said so… Asher found it stupid.
He knew how Seraphina was cornered and was practically forced to make that decision…
But still…
Losing Lily was not something Seraphina could afford,
Because now Vaan had Seraphina's biggest weakness right in the palm of his hand.
And that was what made Vaan so scary…



Chapter 62 It was all just a trap
3 days earlier, when Lily was kicked out of the Stormweaver House by Seraphina, she walked back to her house, normally, she would have taken a carriage especially since she was carrying two of her bags with her.
However, knowing her conditions, she knew she couldn't afford a carriage right now, she needed to survive for as long as possible before finally getting out of the Vesta City, there was no other way.
Lily was worried, she wanted to live normal life however, she knew just how badly she had messed up. Living a normal life in Vesta City while having offended the Young Master of the Vesta Family… this was absolutely impossible.
No matter how useless that young master was, no man was insane enough to get in his bad books just for a mere maid.
Thinking about this, Lily sighed and with her two huge bags and a mind filled with worry, she walked to her house, which was 8 km away.
However, just when she walked into her humble house,
"Keeping me waiting for this long, you really are daring, aren't you?"
Her eyes widened in surprise when she entered her house.
The door was locked, she was the one who opened it with the key then…
Why was this voice coming from inside her House!?
And just as Lily was wondering this, the lights of the room were automatically turned on and when Lily saw the person comfortably sitting on a chair with his legs on her bed, her eyes widened in horror.
"Y-Y-Young Master Vaan!"
She screamed in shock and fear.
"Tsk Tsk, why do you always shout whenever you see me? Do you have a grudge against me or something?" Vaan questioned as he picked his ear with his pinky finger.
"Y-You, what are you doing here!?" Lily questioned as she pointed her finger at Vaan.
"Tsk, I have been waiting for you for more than an hour, and when you finally show up, you aren't even offering me some snacks? Just how rude can one be? Isn't this world like some medieval shit with Kings and other stuff? I thought people of this era were more polite but people are an ass pretty much everywhere huh..."
Vaan groaned as he started talking to himself.
Lily, on the other hand, had no clue what this man was talking about…
Was this man always this brash…?
No, she had heard that he was brash and was always rude to the people who he thought were beneath him but this… this was just too much!
Does he have some kind of mental condition?
Lily started wondering, Vaan however, continued with his monologue,
"Well, I guess it is not your fault either. I am the one who got you kicked out of your job, it would be stranger if you forgot about it and served snacks to me, if you did, I would have doubted that you have poisoned it."
Lily, who heard those words narrowed her eyes. She recalled how this man was responsible for all her miseries, so rather than trying to make sense of this situation, she glanced at Vaan and with a face full of hatred and loathing,
"What are you doin-"
"But anyways."
However, before she could say anything, Vaan interrupted her again.
"Who would want that shitty job anyways? Honestly, if my boss kicked me out just because someone said so, especially when I was the one who stood up for her, I wouldn't want that shitty job either.
If you look at it that way, then I did you a favor, didn't I?"
Vaan questioned as he glanced at Lily.
"Why are you here?" This time, Lily dropped all the formalities and questioned directly.
"Hmm? I am here to check up on you, of course. If things stay the same as they are right now, then surviving in the Vesta City would be difficult, so I was wondering what your plans are."
"You are the last person who I want to check up on. If you forgot, then let me remind you, that you are the reason for everything that happened to me." Lily spoke as she narrowed her eyes.
"You really think it is wise to talk to me like this? I came here to get you out of this situation, you know?" Vaan questioned with a playful smile on his face.
"…what do you mean?"
 "Work for me," Vaan spoke directly.
"Come to the Vesta Mansion with me, you will be new there so there will be some restrictions imposed upon you, but I can assure you it would definitely be better than whatever you are planning to do. The salary would be decent, a decent room and food will be provided, you will be safe, in case you get hurt on accident, the treatment cost would be covered by the family and there are many more advantages."
Lily, who was listening to all this suddenly realized, "You want me to betray Lady Seraphina…"
"Is it really betraying when she already kicked you out?" Vaan chuckled as he questioned back.
"Why would you even think about her right now? Don't you want to bite that bitch back?"
"What you did back then… you didn't do it in a fit of anger…
You were planning for this since the start…
Making Lady Seraphina choose between you and me… it was all just a trap…"
Lily muttered with a strange look on her face.
She couldn't believe it…
This man…
Wasn't he a well-known fool and a pushover…?
Then why…
"What? You want me to clap for you or something?"
"You think I will betray Lady Seraphina after knowing you were aiming for this from the beginning? What made you think I would let you win?" Lily spoke in a tough tone. She was not going to give in.
"All right then, good luck living." Vaan shrugged as he stood up.
"I will live."
"Sure you will." Vaan smiled.
"Aldric." He shouted.
"At your service, Young Master Vaan."
"Destroy this house, spread her postures all over the Vesta City, say she assaulted the Young Master of the Vesta Family and was disrespectful to him.
I want this done by tonight, is that clear?"



Chapter 63 Y You are threatening me
"Destroy this house, spread her postures all over the Vesta City, say she assaulted the Young Master of the Vesta Family and was disrespectful to him.
I want this done by tonight, is that clear?"
Vaan ordered as he started walking towards the exit.
"As you command, Young Master Vaan." Aldric bowed his head.
Lily, on the other hand, widened her eyes in horror, "W-What are you trying to do!?"
"Huh? What do you mean? You are the one who wants to be a bitch and take the hard part, isn't it? Well then walk on this path till you are sick of it."
"Y-You are threatening me!" Lily shouted.
"What? Are people of this world dumb or something? Was it not clear from the start? Of course, I am threatening you bitch.
All right fuck it, I'll just be clear then,
If you want to live, join me.
I can't kill you because my family values its reputation, and the Young Master of the Family killing someone out of pettiness would harm the Vesta Family's reputation, or at least that's the crap Sera must have fed you.
But you have to know, Maid.
Life isn't black and white.
Yes, I can't kill you, 'officially' that is."
Lily's expression changed as she glanced at Vaan.
"But what if you die in an accident? A thief was stealing your stuff, you tried to defend and the thief killed you in desperation, you witnessed a crime and the criminal silenced you to remove evidence,
There are countless ways you can die, Maid.
Ways that would never incriminate Young Master Vaan of the Vesta Family."
"Y-You w-would never be able to e-escape if they decide to investigate…"
"That is 'if' they decide to investigate. You think people would care about a mere maid, not to mention a dead one." Vaan's smile widened.
"…" Lily turned silent as her body trembled.
Even a fool could understand what Vaan was talking about…
She wasn't just going to have a 'difficult time surviving', if she went against Vaan's words, she would be killed!
"So if you don't want all that to happen, then take those two bags of yours and come with me. Is that clear?"
Vaan questioned in a rough tone and the trembling Lily nodded.
"Good." Vaan smiled.
"Aldric, bring her to the Vesta Family."
"As you command, Young Master."
Aldric bowed, Vaan nodded and just as he was about to leave Lily's house, he paused and turned back again,
"Right, I forgot to mention," he looked into Lily's eyes and, "I forgave you for disrespecting me today, but it won't happen in the future, is that clear? You should treat me better than how you treated that bitch, be loyal to me, be of use to me and I will provide you the safest and the most comfortable life possible, you might hate me right now, but it won't be long before you would realize how lucky you are."
"Y-Yes." Lily nodded.
Vaan nodded back and left the house.
He wasn't planning to stay in this place for long, it was too hot. He would rather sit in the Carriage that had a cooling system that was no different from ACs in his previous life.
Honestly, this world may look like it is in the medieval era, but when it came to comfort, some things were better than what he had back on earth.
"…"
 "…"
Once he left, Aldric and Lily were the only ones left in the room, Lily's body was still trembling, and she was in no condition to talk, therefore, Aldric didn't say anything and just started picking her bags.
"You are not on Lady Seraphina's side anymore…" Suddenly, Lily muttered.
Aldric paused for a while, then, however, continued to do what he was doing and, "Only a fool would choose Lady Seraphina over Young Master Vaan."
"Lady Seraphina is not simple-"
"And you think Young Master Vaan is?"
Aldric then glanced at Lily and,
"Who do you think is more fearsome,
A woman whom everyone knew was smart, intelligent, and shouldn't be messed with,
Or a man who everyone thought was a fool but he had hidden his true face for more than 20 years?"
Aldric replied and Lily turned silent.
Seeing that she was willing to think it through, Aldric decided to help his future subordinate,
"Switch sides, Lily. You were already kicked away by Lady Seraphina."
"That was because she had no choice. Vaan would do the same if he was in that situation. He is not different, no, he is even worse. At least Lady Seraphina still tried to talk, he would simply agree and thr-"
"And who do you think would have the power to put Young Master Vaan in that situation?" Aldric interrupted.
"How many people do you think there are in this world who can put the Young Master of the Vesta Family in a situation he doesn't wish to be in?
That's why I said only a fool would choose Lady Seraphina over Young Master Vaan. Lady Seraphina is weak, in her journey to possibly become strong, she would be forced to make a lot of sacrifices like this.
Young Master, on the other hand, has no such worries, even if he doesn't become the next head of the family, he is still destined to live an easy, better life.
Being loyal to someone who may sacrifice you to achieve her goal or someone who has the power to reign over all and live comfortably, the choice cannot be more obvious."
Aldric shrugged, then, he picked up Lily's bags, then he glanced at Lily and,
"Also, it is not Vaan, it is Young Master Vaan, as someone who has served Young Master Vaan, I suggest you respect him properly just like he told you to. Make a habit out of it, because if Young Master Vaan takes matters into his own hand,
It won't be pretty."
Spoke from true experience indeed.
Saying all that, Aldric left the room and loaded Lily's bags into the carriage.
Lily stood in silence, thinking about what Aldric just said.
"Oi, we don't have all day! Get your ass here!"
Vaan shouted from the carriage.
"Y-Yes."



Chapter 64 Take her out
"I can't believe this…"
Astra spoke with a strange look on her face as she glanced at her son.
Vaan just smiled proudly as he stood in front of her, honestly, Astra would have been proud and joyful if it was a normal situation but…
It was not…
"I know I sensed it before, but I still thought you needed at least a month, and that was when I was calculated using Elara's talent as the reference, and mind you, hers is better than mine.
I thought you would need at least 25 days if not a month, but…
How are you here in just 10 days?"
Astra questioned as she looked into Vaan's eyes.
"Don't forget, your son is a genius, mother," Vaan replied.
Astra clenched her fists in frustration, 'I am a genius!', that's no answer to her questions!
Astra finally realized how her siblings and mother must have felt when they asked her how she managed to do it.
Astra's magic talent was good, however, what made her different from others was her comprehension speed, the speed at which she understood Magic Patterns and created her own. People were always surprised by how quickly she mastered different spells and whenever someone tried to ask her secret, she just replied 'I am a genius.'
To think she would end up on the other side of the conversation like this…
Thinking about this, Astra just sighed, but then, a smile appeared on her face. She then placed her hand on Vaan's cheek, then with a gentle smile on her face,
"It feels great to be a mother of a genius. With a talent like yours, catching up with others is only a matter of time."
Vaan held his mother's hand, "Who cares about catching up? I'll be so fast that they won't even know when I surpassed them. The Future Head can't have a competition, now can he? I must overpower everyone so badly that their faction members would be too embarrassed to recommend their own children for the heir's position."
"That is the dominance I expect from my son." Astra smiled.
Vaan nodded.
"Anyways, how is your Magic Study going? I saw that girl writing down all 1st Circle Fire Spells she knew along with their Magic Circles, Magic Patterns, and the Inner Circle,
Tsk, I was so jealous when I saw her working so hard for you. To think that fool would give you something so valuable when you treat her so poorly, tsk tsk." Astra shook her head.
"What do you mean? I treat her well."
"Haah? Do you think not abusing her like your past self is treating her well? Even a random stranger treats her well by that logic. How are you any different?
That girl does so much for you, can't you show your appreciation at least once?"
I thanked her properly, Mother."
Vaan replied and as soon as she heard that, Astra facepalmed.
"Thanked her? You thanked her? Would you like if you spend days doing something for me and I just thank you in return?"
"You are my mother, I don't expe-"
"Take her out! Take her to some popular restaurant and buy her good food!"
"Mother, all the best chefs in the Vesta City work in our mansion, she can simply tell what she wants to eat to the cook and he will make it for her."
Astra's mouth twitched, "Vaan, are you really my son?" She questioned as she looked into her son's eyes.
"W-What?"
"You think she was helping you because she wanted something to eat? When I said take her out, I meant spending some time with her and making her feel special.
The food or the restaurant is not the issue here, take her anywhere else, I don't care, but do something for her."
"O-Oh, you want me to ask her out on a date."
"Yes exactly!
 And you better treat her like she is your queen, is that clear?"
"Y-Yes, I will do as you say, Mother." Vaan nodded as he started thinking about his future 'date.'
It was not a bad idea, he was thinking of doing something for Elara as well.
A date with his fiancé didn't sound bad at all.
A small smile appeared on Vaan's face when he imagined the flustered face that Elra would make when he asks her out.
"Anyways, as I was saying, how is your magic study going? I am sure Elara's notebook is helping you a lot, and I also noticed that you have shut yourself in your room for this past week,
Have you made any progress? How many spells have you learned?"
Astra questioned.
Unlike Elara, who had witnessed Vaan's monstrous talent and how he created his own patterns just after seeing hers, Astra was still in the dark about this matter. Vaan asked Elara to stay silent because he wanted to surprise his mother later.
To Astra, Vaan was someone who only knew the Fire Spike spell, however…
Vaan had already learned all Seventeen 1st Circle Spells that Elara had written down in her notebook.
"I have made some progress, yes." Vaan nodded with a slight smile on his face.
"That is good.
Though it is strange for a 1st Circle Mage to advance to the next level when he barely knows one spell, more options open up when you advance, so now that you are capable of doing so, there is no reason for you to hold back."
Astra spoke.
"Does that mean I can form my 2nd Circle?" Vaan questioned.
"Well of course, as I said, there is no reason for you to hold back, as surprising as it may be, your Mana Veins are thick enough to form your 2nd Circle." Astra nodded and a smile appeared on Vaan's face.
Suddenly, the little Flamey flew above Astra's head, and with her hands on her waist, she called out, "Krrii Krrii."
Vaan, who understood what she was trying to say and couldn't help but shake his head.
'Yes Yes, I know I shouldn't have doubted you, it was my fault.'



Chapter 65 The Second Circle
'Yes Yes, I know I shouldn't have doubted you, it was my fault.'
Vaan shook his head as he recalled what happened 30 minutes ago.
A week had passed by after his meeting with Seraphina and just like every other day, Vaan, after practicing the spell he learned, was dutifully feeding his Flamey.
Today, however, Flamey seemed hungrier since even after 5 fills, Flamey wasn't satisfied. Vaan was surprised, however, he decided to think about it later and continued to feed Flamey 3 more times.
It was only after that did Flamey's eyes starting shining in excitement.
"Are you satisfied now?" Vaan questioned, however, instead of answering, Flamey simply flew right in front of his face, then, she pointed her little hands at him with 2 fingers out.
"Two?" Vaan guessed.
"Krriii Krrii!" Flamey nodded.
"Two what?"
Flamey then created 2 Magic Circles with fire, then, she created an Arrow pointing at 1 Magic Circle.
"Kri." She looked at Vaan to confirm if he was still with her and then, she herself pointed at the second circle before pointing at Vaan.
"Krri Krr Kririi!"
"Second Circle?" You want me to form the Second Circle?" Vaan questioned.
"Krriiii!!" Flamey nodded as she flew around in excitement.
Vaan couldn't help but notice Flamey looked a lot more cheerful today, however,
"Forming the 2nd Magic Circle isn't that simple, Flamey, I need to continue practicing spells and clear my Mana Vei-"
Vaan suddenly froze mid-sentence.
Who was he talking to?
Has Flamey ever said something stupid before?
Well, she did say quite a lot of unrealistic things, however, those unrealistic things she said…
All of them came true without fail.
An Advance Magic Circle, highly optimized Instant Spells which were half as costly as the complete ones,
Can someone who came up with things like that be wrong in her judgment?
"Are you saying I am ready to form my 2nd Magic Circle?" Vaan questioned with a serious look on his face.
"Krri Krri Krri!" Flamey nodded continuously. Vaan didn't know Flamey's language, however, he had formed a considerable level of connection with her after living together for such a long time and could roughly tell what she was saying,
And right now, according to Vaan, if Flamey could speak, she would have said, 'Yes that's what I am saying you dumb fuck, now stop wasting time and start forming the Second Circle, we don't have all day!'
No, even if the little Flamey could speak, she wouldn't have used such vulgar words, it was just Vaan's imagination, and since his head was filled with cuss words like these, the Flamey Translation that worked in his mind used the same vocabulary as well.
Anyways, all in all, Flamey seemed excited and wanted Vaan to quickly form his 2nd Magic Circle. Vaan, however, decided to confirm this and came to his mother.
And again,
Flamey was right.
"Anyways, have you comprehended the required Magic Patterns to form your Second Circle?" Suddenly, Astra questioned.
Forming the 1st Circle was comparatively simpler since one only had to know basic theories of magic before designing a circle that followed all those theories and summoning it using Mana, the 2nd Circle, however, was different.
For this, one needed to research the Magic Patterns used to form the 2nd Circle and create one for themselves, just like how it was done with Magic Spells. To successfully for the 2nd Circle, a Mage should not only have enough Mana in his Mana Veins to draw another Magic Circle but also have to create the required Magic Patterns.
These Magic Patterns were then drawn inside the 1st Circle and if Mage had enough Mana, a 2nd Circle is formed automatically and then, a 'connection' with this Circle is established, successfully allowing the Mage to summon two Circles next time.
Astra doubted that Vaan would probably not know these required patterns since the only spell he knew was the Fire Spike and his Magic Language vocabulary wouldn't be strong enough to comprehend this pattern,
 However,
With a confident smile on his face, he replied, "I have."
Astra was taken aback, however, this time, she didn't ask more questions, if Vaan was confident, then getting on it with that confidence was important. Her baseless questions will only result in him doubting himself for no reason.
"Alright, my personal Magic Training Room is free, you can go in and form your Second Circle.
I wish you luck."
Astra was a firm believer of 'If you think you know something, try it out, the worse that can happen is you fail.'
If Vaan felt like it, she wanted to give him a chance.
Vaan smiled.
"Krrriii Krrri Krriiii!" Flamey, on the other hand, had already flown near the doors as soon as Astra gave the permission and was now waving at Vaan to come.
Vaan sighed, then, he nodded at his mother before walking towards Flamey.
The two of them then entered Astra's personal Magic Training room, Vaan wanted to admire the familiar white room for a while, however,
"Krriii! Krrrii!!"
Flamey was just too excited for anything.
'Stop wasting time, you fucker!' Vaan translated what she wanted to say.
"Alright Alright, I will stop slacking." He then scratched his head and started absorbing the surrounding Mana.
Then, he turned towards Flamey and,
"Come." He spoke. Wanting Flamey's help to form the Advance Magic Circle because he couldn't form it on his own, however,
"Krri Krri." Flamey shook her head.
"What?" Vaan frowned in confusion.
"Krri Kri Kri Kriii." Flamey replied as she formed Vaan's previous Magic Circle using her flames.
"Are you saying that I have to use my own Magic Circle for this to work?"
"Krri" Flamey nodded her head.
Vaan frowned in confusion. He has been using Flamey's advanced magic circle just fine this whole time, then why was this a problem now?
Anyways, Vaan just shook his head and didn't think much about it, he summoned his own Circle, his circle only had 4 Inner Spells, however, since this pattern didn't require any Inner Circles, it didn't matter.
Once the Circle was formed, Vaan quickly drew the Magic Patterns, and then,
His Magic Circle shined brightly and another similar Magic Circle formed in the air right next to the first one, however, that wasn't the only thing that happened,
"Mru...?"



Chapter 66 Splashy
Vaan drew the Magic Patterns inside his Circle, the Magic Circle shone brightly, it was almost blinding, then, another similar Magic Circle formed right next to the First Circle.
The two Magic Circles shone with different intensities, the first one was brighter than the new one, however, Vaan could feel his Mana being sucked in and could see the second circle getting brighter and brighter, this continued till the two Magic Circles shone with similar intensities.
Then, Vaan saw a pure white chain coming out from the center of the first circle, the chain shot toward the second circle, the two circles started rotating and continued to suck Vaan's Mana.
Vaan panicked a little, he could feel that his Mana was about to run out, and if that happened, everything he did so far would be all for waste and he wouldn't be able to use Mana for the next 3 days.
This was called 'setback'.
Vaan, however, doubted he would suffer from the setback, both Flamey and his mother had confirmed it, his Mana Veins should be thick enough to form the 2nd Circle, so although his Mana was being sucked out at a rapid pace, he knew it wouldn't run out.
And just as he expected, the two circles stopped rotating, the 'chain' that was formed dispersed into small particles and Vaan could feel the 'connection' with his second circle.
He was now officially a 2nd Circle Mage.
"Flamey! I did it!" With an excited look on his face, Vaan turned around to celebrate together with his little friend, however, Flamey was nowhere to be seen.
"Flamey?" Vaan frowned.
"Krriiii!"
Then, he heard Flamey's voice.
He turned to her direction and,
"Gru…?"
His expression changed as his eyes fell on Flamey, who held hands with another similarly adorable creature and was trying to bring her together.
The creature had blue hair, and adorable blue eyes that showed her nervousness, a chubby face, and beautiful butterfly-like blue wings behind her back. With the water that was flowing around her, Vaan didn't have to think, like Flamey, who was a Fire Spirit, this little creature was a Water Spirit.
When the water spirit's eyes fell on Vaan who still had his 2 Circles shining brightly, her expression changed,
She then turned towards Flamey and, "Gruu?" She tilted her big head in confusion.
"Krri Krrri!" Flamey nodded.
Then, a determined looked appeared on her face as she and Flamey flew towards Vaan.
"Krri Krri Krri!" Flamey spoke to Vaan.
"Ah okay." Vaan replied.
No, he had no clue what she was talking about.
He could somewhat understand this little friend of his, however, there were still limitations to it.
"Krri Krri." Flamey turned towards the Water Spirit.
"Gruu Gurr."
"Krri."
"Guru Gurrrr Gurrr"
"Kirrr."
The two spirits continued to converse with each other for a while, Vaan of course, had absolutely no idea what they were seeing, but since it sounded cute and looked adorable, he continued to watch.
Suddenly, the two spirits moved, Flamey appeared behind the First Magic Circle and the Water Spirit appeared behind the Second.
"Krri."
"Grru."
The two spirits spoke at the same time and then, the advanced magic circles, the one with 6 Inner Circles formed right behind Vaan's 2 Magic Circles.
Vaan was surprised, his Mana that has stabilized since his circles weren't sucking it anymore started being consumed by these 2 Advance Magic Circles the two spirits had formed, another 'chain' appeared from Flamey's circle and shot towards the water spirit's circle, the 'connection' was formed and the four circles in front of Vaan finally disappeared.
 Vaan's Mana finally ran out.
"Gru…"
The water spirit looked tired as well.
"Krriii!"
Flamey turned toward Vaan as she pointed at her mouth and stomach before pointing at the water spirit.
"You want me to feed her…?" Vaan questioned.
"Krrii!" Flamey nodded. From her expression, it looked like it was urgent.
"A-Alright." Seeing the Water Spirit's tired expression, Vaan was surprised as well. He quickly absorbed the surrounding Mana, moved it through his Mana Veins, then, he gently moved his finger towards the Water Spirit.
"Gru…?" The Water Spirit tilted her head in confusion.
"Krri Krrri"
Flamey who appeared behind her spoke.
"Gruu…"
The Water Spirit then glanced at Vaan, as if she was asking for his permission and Vaan nodded. She then grabbed Vaan's finger with her two hands, then, she placed her forehead on the finger and Vaan could feel his Mana being sucked out.
"You want more?" Once the Water Spirit was done, Vaan questioned. She nodded with an embarrassed expression on her face,
Vaan chuckled and then, he absorbed Mana and fed her again.
The cycle continued 8 times, this told Vaan how 'hungry' little Splashy was.
Yes, Splashy, this was the name he came up for the Water Spirit.
Again, gangsters weren't meant to be creative.
"I will call you Splashy from now on," Vaan spoke with a small smile on his face as he gently rubbed Splashy's chin with his finger.
"Grruuu!" Splashy nodded with a bright smile on her face.
At the very least, the little water spirit liked her name.
"Krriiii!" Flamey, of course, wasn't going to stay back.
Now that Vaan had fed Splashy, he had to feed her as well even though he already did it an hour ago.
Of course, Vaan didn't complain, he simply fed his little friend till she was satisfied.
The two spirits stood in front of him as they smile.
Then, "Krriii Krri Krrii!" Flamey spoke as she formed 2 Magic Circles around her.
"You want me to summon my Circles?" Vaan questioned. Flamey nodded, Splashy nodded as well.
Vaan was obviously excited for it as well.
He absorbed the Mana again, then he summoned his Circles, the process was similar to how he summoned his first circle, and this time, instead of one circle,
*Whoosh* *Whoosh*
2 Circles were automatically summoned.
"Heh." A smile appeared on Vaan's face.
Then, he turned towards his friends, the two spirits understood what he wanted and appeared beside him. The Circles Vaan summoned disappeared, then, he summoned them again, this time, the two spirits joined in as well and,
2 Advanced Circles with 12 Inner Circles in total were summoned.
Vaan had successfully become a 2nd Circle Mage, who wasn't much weaker than the 3rd Circle Mages.



Chapter 67 A mother is allowed to be greedy
"Enter."
Astra gave her permission and Vaan walked into her room with a slight smile on his face.
"Did you succeed?" Astra questioned with a curious look on her face and as if she was waiting for this question this whole time, Vaan instantly summoned his 2 Magic Circles and stood there with a proud look on his face.
"I am officially a 2nd Circle Mage now."
"Pffft!" Astra laughed out loud as she shook her head and glanced at Vaan again, "I can't believe you came in prepared for that question, you even absorbed the Mana before coming in."
"I practiced around 20 to 30 times before coming in," Vaan replied.
"I can't be disgraceful in front of the best Mage in the world, now can I?"
"Still buttering me up, huh."
"Of course, one must constantly butter his benefactors in order to continue receiving the benefits." Vaan nodded shamelessly and Astra laughed out loud again.
Vaan then sat next to Astra, with a genuine smile on her face, Astra cupped Vaan's cheek and, "Congratulations on becoming a 2nd Circle Mage, son. I am proud of you."
A genuine smile appeared on Vaan's face as well.
This was the moments he missed in his past life. Spending time with his parents… a time where his heart actually felt at ease…
It felt much much much better than winning a territory war or destroying the enemy gangs.
Thinking about all that, Vaan chuckled as he shook his head, then just as he was about to place his head on Astra's lap and close his eyes,
*Knock* *Knock*
A knock was heard.
Vaan frowned but then, he heard a sweet voice.
"Teacher, it is me."
"Ahh, I forgot, I called her earlier since I will be a bit busy later." Astra spoke with a playful smile on her face.
"Then should I leave?" Vaan questioned.
"Hmm? Why would you do that? Stay." Astra replied, then, she raised her voice and, "Come in, Elara."
Elara opened the door and, "Good Afternoon, tea- Vaan…" her expression changed as her eyes fell on Vaan sitting next to his mother.
"Hello, Fiance."
Vaan replied with a smile on his face and hearing him call her fiancé in front of her teacher, Elara blushed and just lowered her head.
"Are you not going to greet him back?" Astra questioned. The smile on her face was enough to tell how much she was enjoying this situation.
"H-Hello, Vaan…" Elara replied.
"Oh c'mon, don't be so low, Vaan has something interesting to show you, you know?" Astra spoke up.
Then, she turned towards Vaan and signaled him to take over. Vaan understood what his mother wanted, he absorbed Mana and this time, the two spirits appeared next to him and 2 advanced magic circles formed around him.
'To think he showed those advance circles to his fiancé before his mother, guess I would need to have a talk with him later.' Astra thought inwardly as she glanced at his dear child.
Vaan of course, had no clue what was coming for him in the future, right now, he was looking at Elara, who was rushing towards him with an excited look on her face, then, she held his hands and,
"You became a 2nd Circle Mage!"
She exclaimed.
"I did." Vaan smiled.
"And with your circles, you aren't much weaker than 3rd Circle Mages either! This is amazing!"
"Well it is not that easy." Suddenly, Astra spoke up.
 "He has 12 Inner Circles, yes, but that doesn't mean he is equally strong as a 3rd Circle Mage, the biggest difference would be the amount of Mana the two can store inside their Mana Veins, right now, Vaan cannot use the Peak 3rd Circle Spells.
In my eyes, rather than trying to act like a 3rd Circle Mage, you should focus more on the path of an 'Advance 2nd Circle Mage', use your Inner Circles to optimize your 2nd Circle spells to a level where let alone a 3rd Circle, even a 4th Circle Mage would have trouble against you, don't just copy other mages, Vaan.
Create your own path.
Don't just mindlessly copy others,
You will never achieve greatness if you walk on that path, even though you have such an apparent advantage."
Astra spoke as she looked into Vaan's eyes.
Looking into her clear eyes, Vaan frowned.
It was as if Astra was trying to tell him something…
Vaan then narrowed his eyes and then started thinking about it.
"An Advance 2nd Circle Mage…" Elara spoke as she started thinking about it.
"Mother."
Suddenly, Vaan called out.
"What is it?"
"Can I test my Affinity again?"
"Huh?"
Hearing Vaan's question, both Astra and Elara frowned in confusion.
Every Mage had affinity with certain elements, Seraphina, for example, has affinity with Wind Element and similarly, most people have affinity with any one element out of the main 4.
Elara was a prodigy who had affinity with 2 elements, Fire and Earth.
And just like her, Astra had affinity with 2 elements as well, Wind and Earth.
That was one of the reasons the two of them were hailed as the Magical Prodigies and their Talent overpowered all their peers.
Vaan, however, only had affinity with the Fire Element. Astra was disappointed when she found that out, however, beings having affinity with more than 1 Element were extremely rare, just the fact that Elara and she were the two such mages and were both living together was surprising.
So wanting Vaan to have affinity with more than 1 element was selfish, honestly, it was too far-fetched and Astra knew it.
"What is there to check? You have affinity with the Fire Element." Astra replied.
"I know that… but…"
Vaan glanced at Splashy who was looking around with a curious look on her face while Flamey, who was acting like a big sister was showing her the room.
The room that wasn't even hers…
"I want to test it again…"
Vaan replied.
Astra narrowed her eyes.
"Alright then."
Vaan had shown her many miracles before,
Expecting one more wasn't too greedy, right?
A mother is allowed to be greedy.



Chapter 68 Fire and Water
"Alright, place your hands on it," Astra ordered.
Right now, Vaan, Astra, and Elara were inside a bright room, and in front of them, there was a 3-meter-long transparent crystal of an irregular shape.
This was the Affinity Stone, a device that was used to measure the Elemental Affinity of a human. It was found in nature and the bigger the size of the crystal, the more accurate readings it took.
Normally, these crystals were 8-10 cm long, of course, there are some lucky ones who have found some bigger ones as well, however, the Vesta Family was the only Family who had access to such a huge Crystal. The other crystals found elsewhere may give a wrong reading or might not even give a reading, however, this Crystal had never given a wrong reading ever before.
Vaan walked forward with a curious look on his face, then, he placed his hand on the Crystal in front of him. Elara and Astra both focused on the Crystal and soon, the entire Crystal turned white.
The two spirits observed the crystal with curious looks on their faces. Flamey, the more mischievous one tried to touch it but just like every other object, her hand passed through this one as well.
"Gru…"
Splashy then pulled her away so as to not disturb the process. The little water spirit was very thoughtful.
5 seconds later, the Crystal's color started changing, the right side of the crystal had a reddish glow while the left side had a bluish glow.
A smile appeared on Vaan's face, he knew what this meant, "Guess I will be joining the two of you as a mage with affinity with 2 elements, please take care of me, seniors." He glanced at Elara and Astra and chuckled.
"Fire and Water…"
Astra muttered with a strange look on her face. The Crystal was still changing its color, however, just the colors that appeared on the crystal were enough to surprise both Astra and Elara.
They all clearly remembered Vaan only having an affinity with a single element…
And since Affinity was someone one was born with, there was nothing Vaan could have done about it,
Or that… was that they thought…
But here he was… standing in front of the Affinity Stone… that clearly showed that he now had an affinity with two elements…
'Is affinity related to personality? Does Vaan losing his memories and creating another personality awakened another element that was suited for his new personality?' Astra questioned inwardly.
It was just her guess, however, it was definitely something worth studying. After all, it could possibly turn into a way to 'awaken' affinities with more than one element, if she could study that and find a fixed way of doing that without actually harming the Mage in question,
Then the Vesta family's powers would increase to another level.
Thinking about it, Astra decided to stop her Magic Study for a while and decided to give most of her time to this theory she just came up with.
"If only it was any element other than Water…"
While Astra was thinking about her new theory, Elara muttered with a disappointed look on her face.
She had no clue how Vaan suddenly has affinities with 2 elements, she was happy about it, however, if he miraculously did awaken his affinity with another element, Elara found it disappointing that it was with the Water Element.
"Hmm? Why? Is Water a weak element?" Vaan questioned with a frown on his face.
He may not know much about all the elements except fire, however, he did know that there was no sort of concept like a better or a worse element, in this world, all the elements were treated equally with each one having a role of their own.
"No no, that's not what I meant. No element is weak or particularly strong," and Elara was quick to shake her head.
She, however, didn't know how to explain her thoughts to Vaan.
"Water is not weak. It is just that your two elements are completely opposite of each other. You won't be able to cast Twin Elemental Spells."
"Twin Elemental Spells?"
"Yes, Mages having affinity with 2 elements, what makes them scary is not the fact that the number of spells they have is almost two times that of a single mage, it is the ability to fuse their spells into one and increase the strength of their spell to an entirely different level without actually consuming much Mana. This is called the Twin Elemental Casting.
You, however, have an affinity with Fire and Water, the two elements that practically hate each other, making them impossible to fuse with each other and taking away your biggest advantage as the Mage with two elements." Astra explained clearly.
"Fire and Water hate each other…?" Vaan muttered, his eyes stuck on the two spirits who were flying around the room hand in hand as if they are the closest friends in the entire world.
Seeing this adorable scene, a small smile appeared on Vaan's face, then,
"I doubt that is the case, Mother…"
Astra frowned in confusion, unable to understand what Vaan just said, however, before she could say anything, the Affinity Stone that was still changing showed something much more shocking.
 "T-Teacher, is that… normal…?" Elara questioned as she pointed at the affinity stone with her mouth wide open. 
The intensity of the color the Affinity Stone showed was usually related to the degree of affinity a mage had with the said element, however, since this Affinity Stone was much larger than any normal Affinity Stone, the glow usually disintegrates all over the crystal, and the intensity is dimmed down significantly.
However, right now…
The Affinity Stone in front of them, which used to be white, had completely turned into a red-blue colored stone, the intensity of the colors it showed was so high that rather than looking like a crystal, the stone looked like a normal rock that was painted fire and blue.
"Elements' Favorite…"



Chapter 69 I am the most humble and diligent person you will find
"Elements' Favorite…"
Astra muttered with her eyes stuck on the scenery in front of her.
"Elements' Favorite?" Vaan frowned in confusion.
Even he was taken aback by the scenery he saw in front of him, it wasn't clear, but he still recalled Vaan's memory of the first time he checked his elemental affinity, he Affinity stone had a red shade, signifying that he had an affinity with Fire Element, however, the intensity of that red color was just slightly higher than average.
It wasn't even to the point of being called a genius, that was also one of the reasons why Vaan turned out to be the way he turned out. As Astra's son and Astra's 'theory' about him being an extremely talented mage with huge potential, combined with Elara's performance who tested her affinity one year before him, all of this resulted in him attracting lots of eyes.
People were looking forward to what the Vesta Family head's only son had to offer and once the results were revealed and it didn't turn out the way Vaan and the others wanted it to be, Vaan was subjected to ridicule and mockery, making him hate magic and everything related to it.
Of course, it was still Vaan's fault for letting something like this get to him, but what could have been expected from a 5-year-old child? Although Astra did try to help comfort her child, people's reaction was etched into Vaan's mind and that was when Seraphina made her entrance.
Someone who 'accepted' Vaan as he was. Honestly, it started out with Vaan feeling better about himself, Seraphina's Magic Talent was worse than his, unlike Elara, whose Magic Talent intimidated him, Seraphina was easier to be around with.
Soon, Vaan got attached to her and things got to where they did.
Anyways, the point was, the previous Vaan's affinity wasn't very high, and it definitely wasn't this high.
Not only had he 'awakened' another element, but his affinity with the two elements had also increased.
"There is a Magic Theory which states that the Magic Elements have a 'will' of their own, the affinity we have with these Elements is decided by the elements themselves and depended on whether these elements liked the said being or not.
Although this theory was not proven, when the 5th Family Head, Auron Lucian Vesta took the Affinity Test, many started believing this theory.
Family Head Auron was one of the mages who had the highest level of affinity with the Earth Element, and although he was not a Mage with affinity with two elements, just his Earth Element was enough to make him strong enough to inherit the Family Head's position.
His Earth Spells were so strong that it was said that he was guided by the Earth Elements themselves, this was later connected to his high affinity with the element and he was given the title 'Element's Favorite.' He was later known as one of the strongest Family Heads of the Vesta House, a name that came right after the Archmage Alienora Vesta." Astra explained.
"Helped by the Earth Elements themselves huh…"
Vaan muttered as his eyes again fell on the two spirits who had returned to him and were now sitting on each of his shoulders.
'Elements having the will of their own huh…' He chuckled inwardly.
This theory, he didn't know if it was true or not, but he definitely knew one thing, these two little friends of his, they were definitely not normal.
And this ancestor Auron… Vaan guessed that he might have been someone who could see these spirits as well.
"So my affinity is similar to Ancestor Auron?" Vaan questioned with an excited smile on his face.
It was a good thing, if his talent was revealed to be similar to one of the greatest family heads the Vesta House has ever seen, then his chances of becoming the next Head would shoot up to a considerable level.
Astra, however, shook her head,
"Your affinity is higher than Ancestor Auron's," Astra revealed and both Vaan and Elara widened their eyes in surprise.
"Y-Young Master V-Vaan's talent is better than Ancestor Auron's?" Elara questioned with a shocked look on her face.
"I cannot say anything about the talent since it consists of many factors, but his affinity with both, Water and Fire Elements is definitely higher than Ancestor Auron's Affinity with the Earth Element," Astra replied and Elara blinked a few times, trying to digest what she just heard.
Vaan, on the other hand, just snorted,
"Is that even surprising? I am Mother's son, of course, I'll be better than everyone. I inherited my mother's blood, after all."
If it was the usual time, Astra would have chuckled, but right now… she couldn't say anything…
Comparing her to Ancestor Auron… Astra was embarrassed, she knew perfectly well that she was not Ancestor Auron's match, at least not right now.
He was a peak 8th Circle Mage, after all.
"A-Alright, now get off your high horses, don't let this thing get over your head, be humble, be diligent, and continue to work hard, I have high expectations from you, okay?"
"Of course Of course, I am the most humble and diligent person you will find." Vaan nodded continuously.
"…"
This time, both Elara and Astra turned silent.
 Let's leave the Diligent part alone, but Humble…? 
This man…?
The one who goes around beating people up like a thug…
That was him being humble…?
Both Elara and Astra decided not to comment on it.
The topic then changed, the three of them came out of the Testing room once the Affinity Stone returned to normal, the three of them had decided to keep today's event a secret, they decided to reveal it when everyone is back and the time is right.
After spending some more time with them, Vaan left, he wanted to go to the library and learn a few Water related spells, however, suddenly,
"Young Master Vaan!" Gabel rushed towards him with a panicked look on his face.
"What happened?" Vaan frowned.
"S-Someone spread f-false rumors about you,
They are saying that you sexually harassed Lady Seraphina!"



Chapter 70 Y Young Master V Vaan is participating in the Elemental Clash
"S-Someone spread f-false rumors about you,
They are saying that you sexually harassed Lady Seraphina!"
Gabel reported with a panicked look on his face. He knew perfectly well that it was just a false rumor, however, due to Vaan's reputation, this rumor was spreading like wildfire. If Vaan didn't address this situation and things escalate, the Vesta Family members would use this chance to attack Vaan again.
Of course, they wouldn't be able to do anything major since there is no proof, however, they would definitely blame Vaan for having a bad reputation and harming the family's reputation.
This was a serious matter.
"Huh? Sexually harassed? Couldn't they come up with something better? What does 'sexually harassed' even mean, at least clarify the obligations you are putting on me, how pathetic."
Vaan simply shook his head.
"This is just a false rumor, it will die down soon. No need to panic like that, it is most probably bitch's stupid way of showing her influence to me."
"That's not it! Young Master, you need to come out and address this issue! Visit Lady Seraphina and make a public announcement together with her, you should clear your name as soon as possible!" Gabel still couldn't calm down.
Vaan sighed, then with a deadpan look on his face, Vaan looked at him and,
"Look, Gabel, I do not have time for this bullshit. There is only a month left before those my dear cousins return from the Agresia Academy and Elemental Clash starts, I have limited time and lots of stuff to do, so don't bother me with these useless things. Is that clear?"
"Y-Young Master V-Vaan is participating in the Elemental Clash…?" Gabel was taken aback.
Elemental Clash was the Magic Tournament in which the Basic Mages showed off their strength to the rest of the world. This tournament was divided into 4 tiers, each tier representing a mage's level.
Tier 1 for 1st Circle Mages, Tier 2 for 2nd Circles all the way to Tier 4 for the 4th Circle Mages.
The winners of the tournament have a sure-shot chance of being recruited by the Vesta Family, however, most of the time, the top positions were dominated by the members of the Vesta Family.
Even still, participating in this competition was a good way for the young mages to get recognized by the Vesta Family and since the rewards were ample if you get a decent position, almost all the mages tried to participate in the event.
The previous Vaan, of course, didn't bother trying.
His talent was better than average, but as someone who rarely practiced or learned magic, his first tournament was a nightmare with him losing 7 out of 8 matches. It was even said that the single match he won was arranged by the Vesta Family to preserve what was left of their reputation, of course, these rumors were later proven false.
Anyways, that was the first and last Magic Tournament Vaan participated in, he realized these things were not for him and swore not to participate in any tournaments anymore.
Of course, that was how the previous Vaan thought.
Christopher, or the new Vaan however, was different.
A stage to kick someone's ass? Legally at that?
What kind of fool would leave such an opportunity?
And not only would he be allowed to satiate his cravings for beating people up, but he would also be able to get rid of this annoying reputation of his.
Vaan knew damn well just how important someone's reputation is. Others may like to stay lowkey and take their enemies by surprise later, however, Vaan used a different part.
Scare the enemy to the point he doesn't even dare to fight back.
Rather than fighting weak opponents again and again, Vaan was a firm believer of using fear to get things done. How else could he have achieved so many things as an underground gang leader in such a short period of time?
He liked beating people up, however, Vaan always made sure to advertise how he beat them up. He had a reputation to maintain after all.
The reputation of the underworld demon.
It was because of this nefarious reputation of his that he was able to get most of the things done without even moving an arm.
Vaan wanted to achieve the same in this world as well.
Also, he was missing having his own people do stuff for him. He wanted his own set of lackeys, the ones who were loyal to him, not the Vesta Family and for that, he needed to get rid of his bad reputation.
The Elemental Clash was a perfect Stage for him to do that.
He was sure that he could win his tier even if he fought the way he is right now, however, he wanted a dominant, one-sided battle that would be etched into the audience's minds, only something like that would change people's outlook on him and would help him get back into the succession battles.
"Of course, there is no way I am going to miss something fun like that," Vaan replied.
 "Then about the rumors…?"
"I told you did I not? Let them be. I have better things to do."
"But your Uncle and Aun-"
"They won't do anything for now. There is no proof, if they try to pin this on me, who is only trying to study magic in peace, they would definitely offend my mother.
Creating rumors isn't difficult, if a bitch like that could do something like this, then imagine what Mother, who rules over the entire city could do?
Who is to say that there won't be any rumors attacking one of my uncles and aunts in the next few days? You think my mother would let the topic go at that time if those uncles and aunts of mine didn't me go today?"
Vaan questioned with a slight smile on his face.
Gabel, who understood what he implied was taken aback.
Was Lady Astra capable of doing that?
She was more than capable.
But to think Young Master Vaan would act this confidently in this matter and think from his uncles' and aunts' perspective rather than panicking…
"Anyways, I'll be going in."
Saying those Vaan waved his hand and walked towards the library.



Chapter 71 To think the Simp General would be here
"Young Master Vaan, you have been studying for 8 hours now, I know you won't stop even if I tell you to so I won't try it, however, please eat something before continuing."
Lily walked into the library pushing a table as she spoke in a respectful tone.
Vaan, who was inside the library glanced at her, dark circles were forming under his eyes and he looked tired. There were around 15-16 books lying on his table, all these books were related to the water element and its spells.
However, none of these books were as good as the precise notebook Elara prepared for him. The problem was the same, not a single mage had created a Spell Directory like Elara had, and even if they did create them for their own reference, they made sure to destroy it and not allowed a single person to read it.
Vaan had to look through different books to find different spells and search around for Magic Patterns required for them, which was, of course, much more inefficient.
Even now, after looking around for 8 hours, he hadn't completely mastered even a single spell, which annoyed him to the core.
Vaan really was an impatient man…
Anyways, as his eyes fell on Lily who stood next to him in an appropriate and respectful posture and was already pouring the tea into the cup for him, a small smile appeared on his face,
"You seem to have gotten used to this place." He commented.
"Young Master Vaan has treated me better than I expected, I am just playing my role as his maid," Lily replied with a calm look on her face.
"Oh ho? I actually thought you would show more resistance."
"There is no reason for me to do that. I have already decided to submit to Young Master Vaan." Again, there was no change in Lily's expression.
Seeing this, Vaan's interest died.
He wanted to use this chance to get a little break and get some sort of reaction out of this new maid of his.
Yes, he was a sadistic bastard who was trying to rub his victory on a maid, however, Lily was like a robot who didn't show any reaction despite knowing exactly what he was trying to do.
'Tsk, emotionally calm people are annoying.'
Vaan snorted in his head.
Lily, on the other hand, placed the cup of tea on his table along with some snacks, then, she looked into Vaan's eyes and,
"Young Master Vaan." She called out.
"Was it really alright to leave those rumors alone? I know you want to save your time, but wouldn't it be faster to address the issue rather than deal with the complications one by one? It is not like Young Master Vaan does not know the truth." Lily questioned.
"Are you worried about me?" Vaan questioned with a smile.
"If Young Master Vaan is annoyed, he might take his anger out on me, I am worried about it." Lily nodded.
"Are you saying I am someone who takes his anger out on others?"
"Anger is a volatile emotion. Young Master is a just and capable man, but anger can get the best of anyone since it can also be used as a driving force to motivate oneself. Although the Young Master has strong self-control there is no harm in taking preventive measures if they are available."
Saying all that bullshit with a straight face...
Lily was quite a character as well.
"A cheerful name like Lily doesn't suit you at all." Vaan snorted.
Lily was no fun.
"I heard 3 of them have already been sent back." Lily completely ignored Vaan's words and reported.
"Oh? They came already?" Vaan was surprised.
The 'complications' she was talking about were not Vaan's uncles or aunts, she was still new here and didn't exactly know the structure of the Vesta Family.
However, she did know about Seraphina.
Seraphina's family, the Stormweaver Family wasn't strong, however, in the Vesta City, Seraphina had a decent level of influence.
Why?
Because she was beautiful.
 Vaan wasn't the only one. 
There were many young males who were head over heels for her and were willing to do anything for her.
Vaan named them the Simp army.
Of course, he knew that the previous Vaan was part of the same army, however, since it was embarrassing to think about, Vaan decided to ignore it.
Anyways, this simp army was the one was the 'complications' Lily was talking about.
Hearing what Vaan had 'done' with Seraphina, the simp army was furious, they wanted justice for their goddess and some of them were foolish enough to come to the Vesta Family and challenge him to a Magic Duel in the name of 'revenge.'
Deciding to go against the Young Master of the Vesta Family, no matter how pathetic his reputation was, Vaan was actually impressed.
'Even the simps can be brave!
I thought they were all losers with no bitches.
Impressive…'
"Could this be the reason Sera spread these rumors?" Vaan questioned with a curious look on his face.
Lily, who knew the most about Sera had a strange expression,
"This is not Lady Seraphin-"
"Ahh?" Before Lily could continue, Vaan interrupted, his expression seemed like he wanted something from Lily.
Lily understood, then, she sighed and started again, "This is not that bitch's usual style. It seems like a rash move with no clear motives or profits, but if we do think about it, then this might be her way of what you did to her a few days ago. She might be trying to indirectly warn you, showing you that something worse than this could happen if you repeat what you did that day.
That bitch must be thinking that Young Master Vaan would be scared of so many people challenging him to a Magic Dual and would act carefully when he is around her the next time."
Lily replied.
Vaan was satisfied.
He didn't like how his servant was addressing his enemy so respectfully, so he made her change the way she addressed Sera.
Though hearing it from Lily's monotonous tone wasn't very fun.
Anyways, suddenly, a curious smile appeared on Vaan's face and,
"Do you think he would come?" He questioned.
*Knock* *Knock*
Before Lily could answer, Vaan heard a knock and,
"Young Master Vaan, Sir Roland Frostmoon is requesting to meet you," Gabel reported and a wide smile appeared on Vaan's face.
"To think the Simp General would be here while I was just talking about him,
Guess today is my lucky day.
Shall I buy a lottery ticket?



Chapter 72 Are there enough plates inside
"Young Master Vaan, Sir Roland Frostmoon is requesting to meet you," Gabel reported and a wide smile appeared on Vaan's face.
"To think the Simp General would be here while I was just talking about him,
Guess today is my lucky day.
Shall I buy a lottery ticket?"
Vaan spoke with a big smile on his face.
"…" Lily, who was standing right next to him had a solemn expression on her face. She observed Vaan for a while and seeing his carefree attitude, she spoke up. "You shouldn't underestimate him, Young Master."
"Well, of course, how can I possibly underestimate a general of an army?
Even though the army only has simps."
After Vaan, Roland was Seraphina's strongest backer.
However, unlike Vaan, who only had his family name behind him, Roland was hailed as a genius. A very rare genius whose potential was strong enough to be compared with the children of the Vesta Family.
It was said that if Roland continued to put in the effort like he has been doing, then in the future, he was sure to become a 6th Circle Mage and might even have a chance to become an Advance Mage if he gets lucky.
A big achievement for someone who was not from the Vesta Family.
Currently, Roland was seen as the Face of the Frostmoon noble family and had a great reputation across Vesta City.
Seraphina was a beautiful woman, there were many men who were after her beauty, part reason for that she knew exactly what to do to impress which man.
Roland was one of the many men who were enchanted by her and because of his excellent reputation, the attention he received from Seraphina was more than others. Seraphina wanted to know more about Roland and then use him to get to the Frostmoon Family's treasury, the same trick she always used with other men.
Seraphina gave the attention Roland wanted, she became a woman Roland dreamed of and 'ruled' over his heart, in just 8 months, Roland fell head over heels for her and was at her beck and call, heck, he even revealed his deepest secret to her.
A secret that he shouldn't have revealed to anyone.
Roland was a Drug Addict.
His daily life functioned around the Dreamweave Drug. A drug that was banned in Vesta City.
Roland's condition was so bad that if he doesn't consume Dreamweave in the morning, the withdrawal symptoms would start showing up and once it is revealed that he consumes those drugs, his life would be ruined.
There was a reason Dreamweave was banned in Vesta City. First, it was extremely addictive, and getting rid of that addiction was difficult, second, Dreamweave had an adverse effect on one's body.
Roland may be called a rising genius right now, however, as he continues with his life, slowly and surely, the Dreamweave would eat away his 'potential'.
While they talk about how he would become a 6th Circle Mage, Roland's potential would be dried up after he becomes a 5th Circle Mage.
Not only that but since Dreamweave has a strong effect on consumers' mental health, brain capacity, and attention span, Roland would become a 5th Circle Mage who can't even remember most of his own spells.
In short, Roland, the high and mighty prodigy of the Vesta City would be reduced to nothing but a Spell-less Mage in the future.
Of course, to Seraphina, this didn't matter. If Roland was useful, she would use him. What happens to him in the future was not her concern.
And Roland… he turned out to be of much more use to Seraphina than she initially thought.
Being addicted to the Dreamweave when the drug itself is banned in Vesta City... This didn't make sense... Where did he get the drug from?
Seraphina wondered and soon realized that there must be someone brave and foolish enough to sell the Dreamweave in the Vesta City.
Roland's value in Seraphina's mind became higher, Roland started receiving more attention, and little by little, he started spilling all his secrets.
The people he received the Dreamweave from, the inner workings of that organization, and their future plans, Roland revealed everything he knew about.
And Seraphina, who now had the general direction started doing some research of her own.
In a year, she found out everything there was to be found out about this organization. It was a fairly new organization with a fresh approach.
The main target of these people was the common people living on the outskirts of Vesta City, places where the influence of the Vesta Family was weaker than normal.
The common people were the organization's source of money.
 However, the organization knew that if they continued to target them, not only would they constantly be at risk of being discovered, they would never be able to grow more than a certain limit. 
They needed to do something, and knowing that, they started playing the long game.
The Nobles of the Vesta City were strong, targeting them with the strength the organization had was foolish, especially when the Vesta Family could move anytime possible.
Therefore, rather than targeting the Nobles, these people started targeting the noble children. These children became their investment. They introduced the Dreamweave and continued to provide it to these children for free.
The plan was simple, in a few decades, these people would become the head of their families, if not heads, they would at least be in influential positions, and by then, they would be so addicted to the Dreamweave that they would do whatever they could to get their hands on it.
The Organization planned to use these people to set up their base, then they would use their influence to take over the villages and districts present on the outskirts of Vesta City.
Continuing the same strategy, the organization was planning to take over the entire Vesta City's underground, even hoping to get some of the Vesta Family Children under their influence.
Of course, that would take a long time, probably more than 200 years and the current leaders wouldn't be able to see it. However, they all wished to create a solid foundation for their descendants.
A thorough plan, a plan that Seraphina liked.
However, whether this plan would work or not, she didn't know. The plan was good, yes, however, if Vesta Family was so weak that they would lose the Vesta City to a bunch of thugs,
Then they wouldn't have held their position for so many centuries.
Seraphina was a careful woman, if she was unsure about something, she would not involve herself with it, and she decided to do the same in this case as well.
Everything she had researched, she documented it and went to the organization, her demand was simple,
'100 Gold Coins every month and I will keep your secret.'
Yes, she decided to threaten and extort money out of an underground organization that wanted to rule over the Vesta City through Dreamweave.
A risky decision, however, this time, Seraphina's backer was the Vesta Family.
She was in a safe position, if she didn't return to her mansion safely, her loyal maids would report everything to the Vesta Family, and the organization's 'business' would be over and they would be done for.
A bold move, however, it wasn't reckless.
And since her demand was not too overbearing, the organization agreed.
That was how Seraphina got a fixed income for herself and her family.
And since this organization bought the Stormweaver family's 'service' rather than simply giving them money, she or her family couldn't be connected with them.
She and her family were absolutely safe.
However, Seraphina made one mistake.
For the sake of keeping Vaan around her and keep making use of him, she threw away an extremely important person.
A person who knew about everything she had been doing for all these years.
And after Lily reported Seraphina's actions to Vaan, Vaan was surprised and embarrassed.
An underground organization that was being threatened by a 23-year girl…
Vaan wanted to facepalm.
He really wanted to meet these people who were an embarrassment to all the underground thugs and personally kill all of them.
'Tsk, ruining our names like this.
Don't join the game if you gonna be scared of some 23-year-old bitch, tsk.'
Vaan snorted inwardly.
"Young Master Vaan?" Then suddenly, he heard Gabel's voice. "Should I send Sir Roland away like the rest of them?" Gabel questioned.
"No."
Vaan, however, shook his head. Then he stood up and stretched his body.
"I have been studying for 8 hours,
I can use a little entertainment."
Saying those words, Vaan walked out of the library.
"Let's meet the Simp General, shall we?"
Gabel nodded, then, he took Vaan to the guest room where Roland was waiting in.
"You stay here."
Vaan ordered.
Gabel nodded, then just as Vaan was about to enter, he paused, then he glanced at Gabel and,
"Are there enough plates inside?"
"Yes, I have placed 5 extra plates in case some of them break because of 'unforeseen accidents'. There are also 2 light lamps inside that can be used."
Gabel was a responsible man indeed.



Chapter 73 Young Master isnt scared, is he
"Young Master Vaan." Roland greeted him when he saw Vaan walking into the room.
Seeing that, Vaan's mouth twitched.
'Why is everyone related to that bitch always acts like a bitch?'
He didn't like how Roland greeted him without standing up. Although Vaan wasn't someone stuck up about manners and things like that, being disrespected like this was unfortunately not one of his hobbies.
"Roland."
Vaan greeted back as he sat on the chair in front of Roland.
Honestly, Vaan was getting used to this guest room now. That was how many times he had used it.
'Haah… why am I so popular…'
Vaan sighed.
"It has been a while since we last met, Young Master." Roland started.
Vaan nodded, yes, the previous Vaan had met the Simp General before. Honestly, if the previous Vaan wasn't such a fool, it was easy to tell that the Simp General didn't like him, although he acted like he respected him on the front, from his actions, it was clear that he actually looked down upon him.
"Right, I remember Sera introducing you. She said you were quite useful."
Vaan nodded as he looked forward to Roland's reaction with a curious smile on his face.
"What…?"
And just as he thought, he got a reaction.
Roland was a handsome 22-year-old man, his silver hair gave him a unique charm, combined with his black, clear eyes, his features were definitely one of the sharpest Vaan had seen ever since he came to this world.
Of course, he was still far away from him, Vaan knew that he was much more handsome, however, he also knew that if he compared everyone with him, the best rating anyone would get would be 'average looking'.
That was just how handsome Vaan regarded himself as.
Narcissist? Maybe.
But Vaan has worse qualities than simple narcissism, so he didn't mind.
"Hmm?" Vaan tilted his head in confusion.
"What are you trying to imply, Young Master Vaan?"
"Huh? Why would I 'imply' anything? I am just saying what Sera told me after you lef-
Ah, I shouldn't have said it, huh…"
Vaan 'realized'.
"Young Master Vaan, please do not say things carelessly, I know Lady Seraphina for quite a long time now, she is not the type of person you are implying her to be."
"I never said anything about Sera though."
"Lady Seraphina and I are close friends, you saying that I am useful to her can be taken as you trying to cause a rift between our frie-"
"Look here, hot shot.
Two things,
First, I don't have any reason to cause a 'rift' in your friendship, if I wanted to do that, I wouldn't need to 'imply' these dumb things. I can simply ask Sera and she would throw you away. Just like how we throw a tool that is no longer useful.
Second, who told you that I give a fuck about what you think? 'It can be taken as you trying to cause a rift in our friendship', you think I care what you take it as? You can take it in your ass for all I care.
How did you think you became important enough to even talk like that? Aren't you from the Frostmoon family? You guys actually think you are important? That's a surprise."
"At least I am not someone who was born into the prestigious Vesta Family and still turned out to be a waste. If you think Lady Seraphina would choose you over me, then you are deeply mistaken, Young Master.
Other than your family name, you have nothing going on for you."
 "A useless waste of the Vesta Family who has nothing going on for me yet Sera still contacts me even when she has the great magic prodigy of the Frostmoon family around her. Heh, you really think being good at magic is all that huh… 
What a fool!"
Vaan laughed out loud.
"…"
Roland turned silent.
"What? Why are you silent now? Did you seriously never think about this? Lady Seraphina this, Lady Seraphina that, heh, aren't you just a dog who craves Sera's attention while she still only has me, her childhood friend in her eyes? Honestly, if I were in your position, I would have been so embarrassed that I would have run away."
"She only keeps you around because you come from the Vesta Family." Suddenly, Roland spoke up. "You can give her the things she wants and your family is rich, that is the only reason why she keeps you around. The fact that you can't see this even after so many years had passed tells how foolish you are."
"So you are saying that even I am just a tool in her eyes?"
"That is correct, you are not any speci-"
"Then who do you think is a more important tool between the two of us?"
A big smile appeared on Vaan's face.
Roland's expression changed.
"You, who is a so-called Magic Prodigy who 'might' become a great mage in the future, or will it be me, who is the direct heir of the Vesta Family and can give Sera whatever she wants for the rest of her life?"
"Isn't it obvious that she will choose a future 7th Circle Mage?" Roland replied.
"Heh, the fact that you say you will become a 7th Circle Mage when you fully know you will never make it, is kinda amusing.
But who are you trying to fool?
Doesn't Seraphina know the truth as well?
Or are you just trying to fool yourself to live in a delusion?"
"W-What truth are you talking about?" Roland stuttered as she thought about something.
Soon, however, he shook his head.
Vaan shouldn't know this.
This was most like a fluke, Vaan was just calling him out to feel better. It was all a bluff and Roland had no reason to act out right now.
"Heh, I wouldn't want to hear this from someone who sexually harassed Lady Seraphina, if you were so confident that she was going to choose you, then why would you do something like that?
Or was it because you were scared that someone like me would take Lady Seraphina away from you and acted in urgency?"
"Ahh, so is that why you are here? The rumors? If you don't know, those rumors are obviously fake. A pathetic attempt to drag my reputation down. If I had actually done something like that, there would have been evidence to back those claims, or Sera herself would have come forward to accuse me."
"Who in the right mind would directly accuse you, the 'mighty' Young Master of the Vesta Family? Obviously there was no 'evidence' found." Roland snorted.
"Did you just imply that I would use my family influence to get rid of the evidence?" Suddenly, Vaan narrowed his eyes.
When Roland realized what he just said, his expression changed.
"Roland, if the Vesta Family was like that, then you wouldn't be here, daring to talk to me like this. The fact that someone of your standing was bold enough to directly come to the Vesta House and request a meeting with me was only possible because the Vesta Family is fair. Even your father wouldn't have the guts to come here if the Vesta Family was like what you mentioned.
We have our differences, I agree, but you better be careful of the shit that comes out of your mouth.
Vesta Family is fair, but by no means, are we kind.
Don't give me a reason to destroy you before you yourself get the chance to do it."
Vaan looked into Roland's eyes and threatened with a cold look on his face.
"…"
This time, Roland had no answer.
He might have the guts to antagonize Vaan, however, the Vesta Family was different, he couldn't offend the Vestas, especially when he holds a deep secret of his own.
Roland clenched his fists in frustration.
He couldn't believe that this pushover dared to humiliate him like this.
'You bastard… so what if you are from the Vesta Family, aren't you still just a trash!? How dare to talk like this in front of someone like me!?'
Roland then glared at Vaan and,
"I heard there were some reckless youngsters who came here before me since they didn't like the rumors that were spread and challenged the Young Master to a Magic Duel."
"There were some fools like that, fools who think that even if I did do something, they would be able to exact revenge on their goddess, 'my' close childhood friend.
Of course, I sent them away because I do not have the time and energy to entertain fools like them.
I only came here because I thought you were different from them, you know since they called you Magic Prodigy and whatnot, but I guess I should have treated you in the same way.
What a waste of time."
Roland's face twitched when he heard those words, he however, kept a straight face and,
"Why didn't you just accept their Magic Duel to shut them up?"
"There are thousands of people who want to challenge me, you want me to fight all of them? I don't know about you, but I have better things to do in life."
"Oh? But if you crush them a few times, I don't think they would ever come at you like the way they are doing right now.
Just like me, no 3rd Circle mage or weaker dares to challenge me to a Magic Duel.
I wonder why Young Master hasn't done it yet, it is such an efficient solution- wait…
Young Master isn't scared, is he?"



Chapter 74 He was not calm and reasonable at all
"Young Master isn't scared, is he?"
Roland questioned with a slight smile on his face.
For a moment, Vaan glanced at the plate that was placed on the table. Then, he shook his head and sighed, not now, he was calmer and more reasonable than that, wasn't he?
"I mean, I do understand your situation, not being born with Magic Talent must be bad, especially when your mother is someone like Lady Astra, haahh… I feel so bad for he-"
*Crack*
Nope.
Fuck it.
Vaan realized it just now,
He was not calm and reasonable at all.
His mother told him to do something about his impulsive attitude…
But…
How in the hell is he supposed to let this silver-haired brat talk to him like that?
Vaan liked to talk down to others, however, others weren't allowed to do that in front of him.
Therefore, before Roland could even complete his sentence, Vaan had already grabbed a plate and smashed it onto Roland's head.
"Huh…?"
Roland's eyes remained open as he felt a heavy impact on his head. He couldn't process what had happened, however, he could feel a liquid substance on his head and knew what it was.
The red color on the broken pieces of the Plate that had fallen on his lap only confirmed his suspicions even further.
Of course, Vaan wasn't done yet.
He grabbed another plate, wanting to smash it on Ronald's head again, Roland, however, was different from all the opponents Vaan had faced before.
He was the face of the Frostmoon Family, a noble family with a decent standing. He wasn't defenseless like other mages.
Just as Vaan was about to smash Roland's head again, his eyes fell on a shiny object in Roland's hand, Vaan's eyes widened in horror, he reacted quickly and kicked Roland's hand, however, it was already too late.
The Instant Spell was already activated.
*Flicker*
*Whoosh*
A 30 cm big fireball was formed, Vaan's kick did manage to change its direction, however, his right leg that he kicked Roland with was caught up.
*BOOOOOMM*
A huge explosion was heard.
"AaaaaAgggGGGhHHhhHHH!!"
Vaan screamed in agony.
His skin under his right knee was completely burned away, most of the blood had evaporated and his bones were barely hanging and were all visible.
Not only that, the explosion was so strong that Vaan's entire body was thrown away and he clashed with a wall.
"AAggGggHH!! YOU FUCKING BASTARD!! YOU ARE DEAD!"
Vaan screamed again.
This time, not out of pain but out of sheer anger, his eyes were bloodshot.
Roland, who finally realized what he had done widened his eyes in fear. He just attacked the Young Master of the Vesta Family…
 Even though Vaan was the one who attacked him first, to use an instant spell against a physical assault… 
Not to mention using the spell he used...
Although it didn't connect properly because of quick Vaan's reaction at the last second, Ronald was sure that Vaan was in a critical condition right now…
The Vesta Family wasn't going to let it go…
What Ronald didn't know, however, was that the Vesta Family letting it go or coming after him was the last of his worries right now.
'Heal!'
Vaan used the instant spell he prepared to alleviate the pain, then, with Bloodshot eyes, he activated another spell,
'Ignispike Pursuit!'
The room was still covered in smoke, so Ronald had no clue what Vaan was doing, his mind was busy thinking about how to deal with this situation, but then, he felt the temperature in the room rising,
Roland's eyes well on the Huge Flame Spike that had formed in front of him and his eyes widened in horror.
Vaan was counterattacking!
He finally realized it however, it was already too late.
*Whoosh*
The Spike moved at unreal speed and shot toward Ronald.
*BOOOOOOMM*
"AAAGGGGHHHHHHH!!!"
Another explosion was heard, this time, the spell was connected well. Ronald's agonizing scream could be heard. Just like Vaan's, his body clashed with a nearby wall as well.
To Vaan, however, that scream was like a melody.
Of course, he wasn't planning to end this so quickly either, by now, he had already circulated surrounding Mana throughout his body,
"Flamey." He ordered.
Flamey looked a little nervous, however, seeing Vaan's bloodshot eyes, she moved and appeared next to Vaan. Splashy did the same.
2 Advanced Circles were activated,
"Firespike!"
Vaan cast his spell, this time, it wasn't just a simple 1st Circle Spell, this was his all-out 1st Circle Spell.
Burst, Burn, Speed, Heat, Amplify, Enlarge, along with the basic Inner Circle Spells, Vaan used all the spells he had to increase the strength of his Firespike.
His Firespike wasn't much weaker than the Ignispike Pursuit.
*Whoosh*
The spell was fired and,
*BOOOOOM*
Another explosion was heard.
Vaan then barely stood up, his right leg was a mess, although he did use 'Heal', but in the end, it was only an Instant Spell, it wasn't strong enough to cure a half-destroyed leg, Vaan's bones were still visible and he was in terrible agony.
His face, however, was red in rage.
"You bitch! Don't even think about getting out of here alive."
Vaan threatened, his voice almost sounding like a demon. Seeing his expression, Flamey and Splashy were trembling in fear. Vaan, however, didn't care.
He just activated his spell again.
He didn't know whether Roland was alive or not, he could only see his silhouette through the smoke and he was planning to empty all his bullets to make sure that man is dead.
Or in this world, he wanted to fire as many spells as required to ensure Roland's death and he wanted to do it before he is interrupted by someone.
*Flicked*
Another Fire Spike was formed.
The spell was the same, the destructive power was the same,
"N-NO! Y-YYOUNG MASTER VAAN!! PLEASE SPARE ME!!"
Vaan then heard Ronald's scream.
Ronald was in a completely helpless state, he tried to block the Ignispike Pursuit with his two arms, it was an involuntary reaction, common for people who had never been in a serious battle before.
The spell, of course, obliterated his two arms, leaving them him a state that let alone trying to get back into the battle with stronger spells, Ronald couldn't even cast a spell anymore.
And seeing Vaan mercilessly following through with another spell that very well mean the end of him, Ronald had no choice but to beg for mercy.
Vaan, however, didn't care.
If he hadn't reacted in time, the one in Roland's condition would have been him.
There is no way he was going to let it go.
"If you dared to use a life-threatening attack, then you should be prepared to lose your life as well."
*Whoosh*
The Fire spike he formed moved, Roland, feeling the heat from the spell widened his eyes in horror,
"YOUNG MASTER VAAN, PLEASE HAVE MERCY!!" He screamed again as he closed his eyes, preparing for impact and imminent death.
However,
'Huh…?'
That never happened.
Roland was confused, he slowly opened his right eye, fearing that the spell would attack him any moment now, however, his expression changed when he noticed Vaan's Fire Spike that was stopped midair and was slowly getting smaller and smaller before finally disappearing.
"What is happening here?"
A strict voice was heard.
Vaan narrowed his eyes, he didn't like that someone had interrupted his battle. He wanted to argue, however, now that his adrenaline rush had finally calmed down, his brain finally registered the loss of blood that was all burned due to Ronald's attack and,
*Thud*
Without even seeing who stopped his battle, Vaan passed out.
The smoke in the room was cleared up using Magic and both Vaan and Roland were now visible to the guards who had just entered the room, just like Vaan, Roland had passed out as well, however, none of the people here cared about him.
"Young Master Vaan!" Gable shouted in horror as he saw Vaan's condition and rushed towards him. "Medics!" he shouted.
Soon, a team of medics rushed in and picked Vaan up, he had lost his limb and urgent treatment was required.
Then suddenly, one of the medics whose eyes fell on Roland's condition froze.
Roland's arms were obliterated, the flesh around his chest had burned up and his ribs were visible, honestly, his condition was so horrifying that even someone like him, who was a medic and have seen countless gut-wrenching things couldn't help but feel miserable.
"W-What should we do about him?" The medic turned towards the man who stopped Vaan's spell, Valhal, and questioned.
"He is not what we should be worrying about right now…"
Valhal replied with a solemn look on his face. His eyes were fixed on Vaan who was being taken away by the Medic Team.
"W-What?" The Medic was surprised.
Soon, however, he realized what Valhal was talking about.
"F-Family H-H-Head, please c-calm down…"
A servant's weak voice was heard.
The Medic turned around and his body trembled in fear when he saw who was standing at the door.
Astra Elysia Vesta was here.
And she…
She was extremely pissed.
She glanced at Valhal and with a cold look on her face, "How did this happen?" She questioned, her tone so cold that people in the room could feel their hearts being frozen by some outer force.
"Instant Spells were used…" Valhal replied.
"And you think I can't tell that?" Astra raised her eyebrow as she looked into Valhal's eyes.
Valhal gulped in fear, then, however, his entire body shuddered when he glanced at the person standing behind the Family Head.
This was not good…
This could very well lead to a catastrophe…
Draven Elysia Vesta was here as well…
And from his expression… he didn't look like he came here with good intentions…



Chapter 75 I am not an enemy you would want coming after you
"What in the hell happened here?" Draven questioned as he glanced at his little sister.
"…"
Astra stayed silent.
Seeing this, a scheming smile appeared on Draven's face and, "I was informed that Vaan was using this room to meet his guest." Then, Dravne's eyes fell on Ronald's body that was being taken away by the medic team and although he was slightly taken aback and repulsed by its appearance, he quickly recognized the face and,
"Isn't he the child of the Frostmoon Family? He was the guest Vaan should be meeting today. Why is he in this state? What happened? Also, why are there the signs of Instant Spells being used here?"
Draven shot a series of questions as he glanced at Valhal.
"I… I…"
Valhal tried to answer, Draven, however, didn't seem too interested in the situation, he seemed to have a plan of his own.
"Where is Vaan?"
He questioned.
"Has he caused some trouble again? What? Another fight? What number was it? 5th? 6th? Or maybe the 10th? After beating that Mage with a fluke, he has been getting more and more reckless, isn't he?
Trying to fight every time someone disagrees with him, it wouldn't have been that bad if he actually used Magic to do it, but to use disgraceful ways like sneak attacks to do it.
Now he is even using Instant Spells? Isn't he taking everything around him too lightly?
I also wanted to ask him about those rumors going around the City. No matter how baseless it may be, there is no smoke without Fire. Sister Astra, I think we need to have a talk with Va-"
"Draven." Suddenly, Astra broke her silence.
Then, she turned around and looked into Draven's eyes,
"We both know what you are trying to do here, it is no secret.
However, let me warn you right now,
Do not overstep your limits, Draven.
It will backfire.
I assure you, I am not an enemy you would want coming after you.
Or have you forgotten what happened the last time the two of us went after each other?
Don't make me go back to how I previously was because I am warning you, if you annoy me any further than this,
I will be lot worse than I was in the past."
Astra threatened, her tone was emotionless but the weight in her voice…
The words that made one tremble in horror…
It was almost as if a God was speaking, taking a piece of your soul with every word.
"…are you trying to threaten me using your position as the Family Head?" Draven questioned as he narrowed his eyes.
"Do you really think I need to use the Family's power to do what I just said?" Astra questioned back.
This time, Draven turned absolutely silent.
He may be a 7th Circle Mage just like his Sister, however, in truth, the difference between the two of them was vast.
The sheer number of spells, their variations, and their advanced versions Astra knew…
It was overwhelming.
Draven had fought Astra before when they were both 6th Circle Mages, he knew perfectly well how overwhelming it is to stand against someone like Astra.
Even their mother, the previous Family Head was often shocked and was in awe by her actions.
 "You can continue to play your little games with Sister Risia and the others, 
I have never taken any actions before because you knew and were always within your limits.
I hope the same will continue in the future,
Is that clear?"
Astra's voice was cold.
Draven simply nodded, showing no signs of his previous arrogance.
"Now leave."
Astra ordered.
"As you command, Family Head."
Draven turned around as he left.
This time, he addressed Astra not as 'sister', but as a 'Family Head'.
This was his way of showing a little resistance and saving his face.
'I am only leaving because I respect you as the Family Head.'
That was what the hidden meaning behind those words was.
Astra, however, didn't care about that right now.
She had better things to do.
"Gabel." She called out.
"Y-Yes, Family Head." Gabel quickly stepped forward, his hands behind his back as he desperately tried to hide his nervousness.
The other servants all bowed their heads, it was as if they were trying to hide their faces, none of them wanted to be in a position Gabel was currently in.
"Explain," Astra ordered.
"Y-Yes of c-course." Gabel nodded.
"Young Master Vaan ordered me to wait outside the room, so I couldn't see the exact cause of it, but when I heard the explosion and quickly came in, I saw Young Master Vaan lying on the floor, screaming in agony as his entire leg was burned away, while Ronald stood there with a fearful look on his face.
I noticed that Ronald was panicking and was thinking about getting out of the situation, thinking that he won't make any further moves because of his fear, I rushed out and sent a few servants to bring Sir Valhal while I myself went to call the medics.
Though when I returned…
The situation had escalated and although Young Master Vaan looked the same, Ronald, who was completely fine, was now in that half-dead condition."
Gable reported.
"So Ronald made the first move?" Astra narrowed her eyes.
No one knew what she was thinking but everyone knew one thing, if Gabel nods right now, the Frostmoons… they would face a catastrophe.
Fortunately, Gabel pointed at the broken plate lying on the ground and, "That might not be the case…"
The plate wasn't the only broken thing in the room, the entire room was a mess since some strong spells had been fired here, that plate, however, was different, it was covered in blood, and the moment Astra's eyes fell on the plate,
She understood what Gabel was trying to say.
This wasn't the first time her child had 'used' these plates...
Astra closed her eyes.
Controlling the Urge to facepalm, Astra commanded, "Make sure Roland is treated properly, we need to get to the bottom of this."
"As you command, Family Head." The servant standing beside Astra nodded.
Then suddenly, a servant walked into the room and,
"Family Head."
"What is it?"
"We received a reply." The servant reported as he passed a thick scroll to Astra.
Astra opened the scroll and reading the single line written on it, her expression changed.
'I will be back in 3 days.'



Chapter 76 I promise you, this would not happen again
"Vaan! You are awake!" Elara's face brightened up as she saw Vaan opening her eyes.
Vaan, who heard her loud voice was annoyed, however, when he noticed Elara's reddened eyes and faint traces of her dried tears on her cheeks, his irritation washed away.
Elara was crying, she was worried about him.
"Are you okay? Are you hurt? Do you feel any sort of discomfort anywhere?" Suddenly, Elara asked a series of questions.
Vaan just smiled, then, he moved his hand and grabbed hers.
"I am perfectly fine, Elara."
Elara blushed, she wanted to move her hand away because she was flustered, but in the end, she just closed her eyes and didn't do it.
"Should I call the Medic? Although they treated you and said your body has recovered well, it would be better to let him do the last round of checkups."
Vaan, however, just tightened his grip around Elara's hand and, "Just stay here with me for a while."
"A-Alright…" Elara nodded as she lowered her head, it was as if she was trying to hide her face.
Vaan smiled a little, then, he questioned, "Were you crying?"
"H-Huh?" Elara's expression changed.
"I can see those dried tears of yours. Was my fiancé worried about me? Awww, how cute."
Vaan spoke in a playful tone.
Waking up to someone who worried about him… it was a new feeling for him…
In his days as an underworld gang leader, the only people around him when he regained consciousness were his gang members who wanted to take him away from the hospital, worried that the enemies might discover them and kill them all.
"What were you thinking!?" While Vaan was thinking about his past, Elara suddenly screamed.
"W-What?" Vaan was taken aback, this was the first time he had seen Elara scream like this, even in previous Vaan's memories, he had never seen her raise her voice.
"Why are you so careless!? This is the 8th fight you have been in recently, first, it was those 5 people you call your friends, then it was your butler, then there was also that mage, and now this! Just what are you trying to do!? You even started using Instant Spells this time!
Do you even know how dangerous the Instant Spells could be!? What were you planning to do if something were to happen to you!? Why are you so reckless!?"
Elara shouted in rage.
Vaan couldn't believe his eyes and just continued to stare at her in a daze.
"What are you looking at me for!? Answer me!" Elara shouted again.
"I… apologize for making you worry…"
"Apologize!? You think a simple apology would cut it!?
You have been out for 5 days, Vaan!
Do you know how worried I was!? Even though our best Medics used everything they had, it still needed 3 days just to create all the blood your body had lost and fix your leg, and even after that, your condition wasn't getting any better and you needed 2 more days of rest in order to wake up. I have never seen a 2nd Circle Mage being injured to that extent!
Even the Medics were surprised! These reckless actions of yours, do you not think about anyone before making a move!? Or are you so selfish that you just don't care!?"
Elara wasn't having any of it.
This was the first time she was showing her emotions so clearly and how could she not?
This was the first time she had experienced true fear, not because Vaan was hurt, but because of her own selfish reason.
Vaan had changed ever since he had woken up after his fight with those 5 'friends' of his, from that day onwards, he stopped abusing her like he used to, he stopped looking at her with that disgusted look in his eyes, he stopped venting his frustration on her,
After that day, he started treating her better. He started caring for her, he started being gentle with her, he started smiling with her, he started learning magic with her, he had completely changed, it was to the point where Elara even doubted that he was fooling her just so he could abuse her again.
However, as more and more time passed, Elara realized that it was not the case, Vaan had actually changed. Even his teacher agreed and had started smiling a lot more than she was used to.
Elara was happy, she could feel butterflies in her stomach whenever she thought about Vaan and always looked forward to their next meeting, however, when she heard that Vaan was hurt and had passed out again,
 She was scared. 
Vaan had suddenly changed when he woke up after getting hurt, then… what if…
What if he returned back to his usual self after waking up this time?
What if she loses what she has right now?
Elara was horrified when she thought of that possibility.
Even now, when Vaan woke up, she was nervous when she saw his trembling eyes that were about to open, she could literally hear her heart beating at that moment and had no clue how to react.
In panic, when she saw Vaan finally opening his eyes, she shouted and started asking a series of questions, all this while, she feared Vaan would lash out at her or push her away.
Her heart only calmed down when Vaan smiled at her and gently held her hand, however, when Vaan asked if she was 'worried', something inside Elara snapped.
"You ar-"
Elara wanted to continue shouting at Vaan but then,
"You shouldn't shout at a patient, you know? It might slow down the recovery process." Vaan spoke up and all Elara's anger was flushed away in an instant.
"Y-Y-Young Master V-Vaan, I-I deeply apologize for s-shouting at you, I d-don't know what I was t-thinking, please don't take my words to heart and get well so-"
While Elara continued to apologize, Vaan suddenly pulled her towards him, then with her head resting on his chest, Vaan smiled gently, and in a soft voice, he whispered.
"I apologize for making you worry, Elara.
I promise you, this would not happen again."
While saying those words, Vaan's eyes turned cold.
He needed strength.
Absolute strength so that people around him never have to worry again.



Chapter 77 Strongest Magic Family my ass
"I apologize for making you worry, Elara.
I promise you, this would not happen again."
Vaan spoke as he suddenly pulled Elara close to him and placed her head on his chest. Elara widened her eyes in surprise,
"Y-Young Master V-Vaan??" She stuttered as she tried to move away.
"Stay like this for a while, I feel relaxed," Vaan spoke in a soft voice.
"…" Elara turned silent as she stopped moving and closed her eyes. Her face was red, however, since it was in the opposite direction, Vaan couldn't see that sight.
In this position, Elara could clearly hear Vaan's heartbeat, this made her feel closer to him. It was a strange, but nice feeling.
Elara's breathing stabilized as Vaan started ruffling her hair.
"Also, did you forget? It is not Young Master Vaan, you have to call me Vaan, it feels much closer this way."
"V-Vaan…"
Elara spoke up. Vaan smiled as he heard her stutter, then, he closed his eyes as well.
Elara being close to him calmed his heart down as well, the connection they were forming, although Vaan felt it was being forced on them, his heart didn't hate it.
The two of them didn't say anything and just stayed like this, as more time passed, they relaxed, it was calming time in Vaan's usual hectic life. Elara was enjoying this special moment as well.
But then,
"Lady Elara, it is time for Young Master Vaan's me-"
Gabel walked into the room, and seeing them like this, he was taken aback.
"!!!"
Elara quickly sat up, her face that had barely calmed down flushed again. Vaan, on the other hand, looked annoyed.
Gabel realized it, however, as a competent butler, he knew how to act in this situation.
"Young Master Vaan, you are awake."
Indeed, he just didn't have to comment anything about what he had seen.
'I didn't see anything. My left eye is colorblind while the right one doesn't work.'
However, seeing that his trick isn't working and that Vaan was still glaring at him, the competent butler quickly thought about another trick,
"Lady Elara, Young Master is awake, isn't that a good thing? You can finally have rest now. You have been beside him for the past five days, ignoring your health in your process." Gabel pointed out and suddenly, Vaan's expression changed.
"What?" He questioned.
Elara was flustered, however, before she could stop Gabel, the butler continued,
"Indeed, Lady Elara visited you the moment she heard about the incident and didn't leave your side after that. Even while the Medic asked her to leave the room while they casted Heal on you, she stood right in front of the door, waiting to assist with anything the medics might need.
While you were lying unconscious, she stayed by your side the entire time, many people, even Lady Astra asked her to leave and have a proper rest instead of dozing off on the chair, Lady Elara however, rejected her offer and stayed here.
She even skipped her Magic Lessons to be here, which, from what Lady Astra said, was the first time she has ever done ever since she was 7 years old."
"V-Vaan I-" Elara wanted to give an explanation, however, "Actually, Lady Elara has been careless about her meals as well, she fed you properly and took note of everything you would need for a quicker recovery, however, while doing that, she was ignoring her health. Even now, Lady Elara is not in her best condition and needs ample rest to recover."
To save himself, the butler was exposing everything Elara had done in these past 5 days, letting her face Vaan's anger instead.
And just as Gabel thought, Vaan turned towards Elara and narrowed his eyes.
"V-Vaan, it is not like that! I am comple-"
"Go rest," Vaan ordered.
"You will rest for the entire day, Gabel, I want you to make sure that she eats well, if she doesn't, report it to me, making sure that she eats her meals and reporting to me when she doesn't should be your highest priority, is that clear?"
 "As you command, Young Master Vaan." Gabel bowed her head.
"Vaan, but you need to ea-"
"I will eat by myself, or better yet, let's have the next meal together, how about it?" Vaan questioned.
"I-I would like that…" Elara nodded as she spoke in a soft tone.
"Alright then, go to your room and rest, we will have our next meal exactly 8 hours later, okay?"
"I understand." Elara nodded again.
Vaan smiled gently, seeing his expression, Gabel was taken aback.
'This monster can show such an expression?'
He wondered, ever since Vaan had woken up that day, the only expression he had seen him make was that demonic smile that seemed to tell how he was about to fuck someone up.
But to think this man was showing an expression like this.
Soon, however, Gabel's body trembled.
As Elara walked out of the room, Vaan's smile disappeared.
Not only that, a horrifyingly cold look appeared on his face as he stood up from his bed.
"Young Master Vaan, you can't! Your body is still recove-" Gabel tried to stop him, however,
"Where is he?" Vaan questioned.
"W-What?" Gabel stuttered. Vaan looked into Gabel's eyes and questioned again.
"Ronald Frostmoon, where is he?"
"H-He is recovering from his wounds in another ward, the injuries he sustained were much worse than what Young Master had suffered, so he is still not healed yet. The medics are still working on regrowing his right arm that was turned into Ashes."
The strength in Vaan's tone was so strong that as if he was hypnotized, Gabel gave away all the details.
Vaan then grabbed his coat and while he wore it, he ordered, "Take me there."
The merciless look in his eyes was enough for Gabel to know what Vaan was thinking, he knew that no matter what he did, he couldn't possibly take him to Roland's ward.
Gabel didn't move, Vaan, who was already about to open the door and walk out frowned when he saw that,
"Gabel, I said take me to Roland's room."
"W-What are you planning to do?" Gabel questioned.
Vaan, however, narrowed his eyes, "Act like a servant you are."
"…" Gabel didn't say anything.
"Do you want to die?" Vaan questioned.
"I cannot do what you are asking me to do, Young Master. Lady Astra gave me strict orders not to do it."
"I will talk to Mother, you do what I tell you to, or else you are useless."
"Then I will be useless in this scenario, Young Master," Gabel replied. He couldn't possibly go against Astra.
"…" Vaan observed Gabel for a while, then,
"You are fired.
Go to Lady Astra and ask her whom you will serve from now on, I do not wish to see you again."
Saying those words, Vaan walked out of his ward.
His thoughts were simple, there were only so many Wards in Vesta Family, he will search through them all if he had to.
Vaan didn't care.
Roland Frostmoon had to die.
And Gabel, who understood what Vaan was thinking widened his eyes in horror, he quickly followed Vaan and,
"Young Master Vaan! Why are you going this far!?" He questioned.
"Why!? Why don't you allow me to fire an Instant Spell right on your face, let's see how you would act up!" Vaan shouted without stopping.
His eyes, bloodshot.
He was angry.
He nearly died. Honestly, he didn't fear death before, he had already died once before, after all. Now, however, he feared death…
Losing this life he had gotten… a life where he had his mother… a life where he had Elara…
He feared losing this life.
Roland, who used an Instant Spell, Vaan could tell, if he hadn't reacted in the last second, he wouldn't have been standing here. That spell, if it had connected, Vaan would have died.
That bastard who tried to take his life…
Vaan couldn't let that man live.
"You used Instant Spells as well! It was a battle between two mages and it ended! You can't follow through with this unless it is discussed in the Vesta Meeting Hall in front of the Frostmoon Family, or else it will create huge problems!" Gabel tried to reason.
"Oh yeah? And I used Instant Spells as well? I used them because I was capable of doing so, anyone else would have simply died! Are you saying that I can't kill the person who tried to kill me just because you are scared about how that man's family would react?
Strongest Magic Family my ass!
Aren't the Vestas just weaklings trying to impress people who aren't worth shit!?
Fair, Just, Upright, Righteous!? Where I come from, that's called being Dumb!"
Vaan shouted. In his anger, he ignore all the boundaries and said whatever words came to his mind, but then,
"Oh yeah? You think you are that good just because you can kill a bedridden opponent?
Heh, calling the Family words like that when you are the one who relies on this 'dumb' Family to get everything you have in your life,
What does that make you, huh?"
Vaan then heard a voice, irritated, he turned around to see who was the bastard who said those words, but then,
His eyes widened in absolute shock.
"F-F-Father…?"



Chapter 78 Isnt the cause all we need to deal with the political side of things
"F-F-Father…?"
Vaan's eyes widened in absolute shock.
"So you recognize your father now? I thought your arrogance had blinded you so much that you would fail to recognize me."
The Black-haired man standing in front of him replied as he narrowed his eyes.
Vaan, on the other hand, still couldn't believe what he was seeing…
Those Black hair, Brown eyes, fierce eyebrows, and all those facial structures…
This man… he looked just like his father…
Then suddenly, more memories rushed into his mind and he finally realized,
Orion Ravenshadow, Astra Elysia Vesta's husband and Vaan's father.
'W-What the hell is wrong w-with this world…? First, it was the mother, and now my father…? Why do Vaan's parents look just like my own parents…? Is it related to why I am living as Vaan right now…?'
Vaan wasn't much of a thinker, he usually dealt things with his hands, however, even someone like him knew this went beyond coincidence.
Something was definitely up.
To think his father would be standing right in front of him…
"What? Cat got your tongue? You were pretty loud before, what happened now? Why don't you say what you were about to say huh?" Orion, on the other hand, had no clue what Vaan was thinking and shouted.
Vaan came out of his reverie as he glanced at his 'father'.
From the memories he had just seen, he could tell that Vaan's father was just like his own. A strict, upright man who valued and stuck by his morals. Obviously, with how Vaan was before, his relationship with his father wasn't good.
Rather, Vaan was actually scared of this man. Unlike Astra, who was still 'weak' in front of Vaan because her mother's heart wouldn't let her do anything, Orion had beaten Vaan many times before, actually, if there was a record of who made Vaan seek medic's attention the most in his life, the name at the top would be of no one other but his own father.
Vaan hated Orion, Orion didn't see him in a positive light either. How could he? A waste like Vaan was his son, Orion was actually disappointed and… hated himself for not being able to raise his child well.
Actually, from what Astra had told him before about Vaan when the two of them talked, he thought Vaan had changed, and with how Astra was beaming happily when she said all that, Orion was actually looking forward to meeting his 'changed' child…
However, 2 days ago, when he returned, he realized the truth…
Vaan had indeed changed, however, Orion wasn't sure if that change was good or not.
Previously, his son was a pushover, a pathetic loser who was looked down on by his peers, he did sometimes vent his anger on servants, however, he rarely dared to raise their hands at them.
Now, however, things had changed, hitting his butler two times to the point his face is still bruised even after weeks had passed, hitting his friends even though those bastards deserved it, then targeting a Family Mage, and now the worse,
Using Instant Spells inside the Guest room and nearly killing his opponent.
And doing all this by relying on the Family Name, his son had turned into the type of person he hates the most. A bully who uses his Family power to pressure others and do whatever he wants.
Orion was glad that his son was finally showing interest in magic, it was late but his wife believed that with his talent, he would catch up and soon surpass his peers, however, now, Vaan had turned into the worse type of scum there is.
"Tsk, staying silent now that you use your family influence on me. What did I even expect? You are a coward through and through. I can't believe someone like you is my son. Astra was a fool to think you can change for the better. Heck, you just became worse, I feel sorry for your mother."
Orion snorted.
It was painful seeing those words to his own child, but seeing his Astra's dead eyes as she glanced at her child lying on the bed, unconscious, it was more hurtful.
Vaan didn't like what Orion said.
"That man used Instant Spell against me, I could have died. Are you telling me to let him live after that?" Orion replied.
"You talk as if you didn't do the same," Orion replied.
"So what was I supposed to do? Stand there and allow that bastard to fire another spell and end me? Is that what you want?" Vaan retorted.
"Maybe control your anger and not assault everyone whom you do not agree with? Don't act like we do not know what happened inside, Vaan. You are pinning it on that boy but aren't you the one who started it."
"So it is justified to use an Instant Spell and aim for my opponent's life when he assaults me? Then I guess I went pretty easy on those five, didn't I? I should have killed them inste-"
 "You talk as if you dare to do it." Orion snorted.
"Have you ever taken a life before? Do you know what weight it bears?" he questioned.
"…"
Vaan looked into Orion's eyes, then, with a solemn look on his face,
"Trust me, I dare to do it."
Orion observed Vaan for a while then, he chuckled, "I guess you are right. Someone like you wouldn't probably understand it either.
After all, your brain doesn't go much further than, 'I am from Vesta Family, I can do whatever I want.'
How could you possibly think about the consequences of your actions, that's obviously something your mother has to take care of, not your job.
Honestly, it would have been better if you weren't born. At least Astra would have had one less trouble in her already hectic life.
I'd even say she would have been a lot brighter than right now if you didn't exist."
Orion had clenched his fists, his eyes seemed cold, Gabel, however, could sense what he was feeling. After all, he still clearly remembered how joyful Orion was when Vaan was born. This man was even more excited than Lady Astra.
Honestly, according to Gabel, if anyone loved Vaan more than Astra, it would be this man. To say those words to his son whom he loves, seeing that scene, Gabel could feel pain in his own heart.
Orion Nightshade was indeed a strong man.
"If life would be that good, why don't you kill me then?" Suddenly, Vaan spoke up.
Orion and Gabel's expressions changed,
"Don't overstep your limits, Vaan." Orion spoke in a hoarse voice. It was already hard for him to hold back his emotions, but seeing his child saying words like that…
"I mean, with how things are, it won't take long for it to happen anyways, if I let all my enemies live then it won't be long before they come bite my ass someday, right? I would rather die by my father's hand than die a pathetic life." Vaan, however, didn't care and replied.
"You think anyone would dare to kill the child of the Vesta Family?"
"I do think someone would dare to do it. Heck, someone dared to do it just a few days ago and with how the Vesta Family is acting by now taking any actions against him, I am sure more and more people would dare to do it afterward." Vaan replied.
"Huh? Who said we are not going to take any action?" Suddenly, Orion frowned.
"Huh?"
"Huh?"
"Huh?"
All the men in the corridor tilted their heads in confusion.
"We are going to take action?" Vaan questioned.
"Of course we are! You think someone who dared to use Instant Spells in our guest room would get out scot-free?" Orion replied.
Vaan glanced at Gabel, Gabel, however, was just looking at him with a confused look on his face, he couldn't understand what Vaan was thinking.
Wasn't it obvious that the Vestas weren't going to stay silent?
"And it won't just be a simple demand for an apology?"
"If apology worked like that, prisons wouldn't have existed," Orion replied.
"Then why were you stopping me from killing Roland?"
"Why would I allow you to kill someone?"
"Because I deserve to be the one who do it, I was the one who was attacked."
"Vaan, let me make this one thing clear.
That boy will be punished, however, the fact still remains that you were the one who started all this. We cannot just kill a child of the Frostmoon Family when you were in the wrong as well. That would ruin the Family Image.
Whatever that would happen would happen after that boy recovers from his injuries, and it would happen as the two families sit together and discuss it."
Orion explained.
Vaan, of course, didn't like this. He wasn't a fool, he could tell that if this was how things were proceeding, then the chances of Roland dying were low.
That bastard would survive.
Thinking about that, Vaan clenched his fists.
"We are the strongest Magic Family in the entire world.
Who cares about what we do to some random child?
And it is not like we do not have a reason,
Isn't the 'cause' all we need to deal with the 'political' side of things?"



Chapter 79 You will be an Incompetent Ruler
"Isn't the 'cause' all we need to deal with the 'political' side of things?"
Vaan questioned with a frown on his face.
"It is not that simple, Vaan. We cannot do anything rashly even if we do a reason and that's because you were the one who started it.
'My child lost control over his emotions and acted restlessly, however, if Young Master Vaan hadn't done what he did, I doubt my child would have lost control. My son was bleeding, which 22-year-old boy wouldn't panic and act rashly when he sees his old blood?
My son should be punished, yes, but a death sentence? That is going too far considering it was Young Master Vaan who made the first move.'
This is what Eamon Frostmoon would say in order to defend that boy.
Now in this situation, we allow you to move right now and let you kill that boy, what do you think would happen to the family image?
And you think the Frostmoon Family would take it lying down? Don't forget, Roland is their 'face', their hope of getting a 7th Circle Mage in their Family History. They won't remain silent if you kill him like this."
Orion explained the situation.
"See, now this is what I do not understand, Father. I have read about them, so I know that even though they are considered pretty strong in general, the strongest Mage they have is a 6th Circle Mage.
Then why should I, as the Young Master of the Vesta Family, should care about a Frostmoon Family and take them into consideration?
Why are you even asking if the Frostmoon Family would take it lying down or not? Do they have any other option? If they act rashly, can they get away from Mother's wrath? Even if Mother acts alone, without using the strength of the Family, I know she can half destroy the Frostmoon Family-"
"No, she would destroy them, there won't be a single trace left. Don't underestimate your mother, she is stronger than me."
Orion was quick to correct.
Vaan was slightly taken aback, however, he didn't lose his focus and continued, "See? That was what I am trying to say. Why would we care about what the Frostmoon Family would think?
There can only be mutual respect between two forces when they are similar in strength, if one is so much weaker than the other, then there is no respect, there is only subordination.
And if the stronger force is not acting on this and still chooses to be 'respectful' to the weaker force, then I believe that the stronger force is foolish and doesn't deserve the strength it has."
A smile appeared on Orion's face.
For some reason, Vaan's questions didn't feel annoying anymore. At first, it was just Vaan trying to act unreasonably, now however, he was standing there, actually trying to understand his perspective while asking questions about things he didn't understand. He didn't just dismiss his words and continued to shout about his own troubles and perspective, he was trying to have a decent, calm conversation.
How many years has it been since Orion had talked to his son like this? It was so long that Orion didn't even remember it.
Therefore, even though technically two of them were standing on the opposite side since they had different opinions, Orion was still enjoying this situation.
However, just as he was about to answer Vaan's question,
"You are right."
A voice was heard.
Orion and Vaan turned around and saw Astra walking towards them with a slight smile on her face.
"Gabel, you can leave."
Astra ordered without moving her eyes away from her husband and child.
"As you command, Family Head." Gabel bowed his head and walked away.
"Let's talk back in your ward, shall we?" Astra questioned as she looked at Vaan.
Vaan still wanted to get rid of Roland, but since his mother was here, he had no choice but to listen to her.
"As you say."
The three then walked into Vaan's ward, then, Astra sat on a chair and,
"You are right, when one force is stronger than the other, there is no 'respect', there is only subordination."
Astra agreed with Vaan's statement.
"However, the meaning of the subordination you have in your mind is incorrect.
 Subordination is different from Slavery, the Frostmoon can be seen as our subordinates, however, they are not some Slaves who are absolutely loyal to us.
You are correct, we are strong, the Frostmoon Family wouldn't be able to directly hurt you or us even if you kill Roland right now but the keyword here is 'directly'.
You killing Roland here has two problems.
First, your own situation, you are weak, you are seen as a 'waste' and in the eyes of the people, your competence is in negative. Even in the Vesta Family, people who actually support you aren't many. If you do kill Roland here, then I would have to personally step up in order to protect you.
I can and will do that, however, that would send a message that the Vesta Family Head supports the incompetent waste because he is her own blood, she might choose him to be the next heir because of her deep love.
This will not only affect the other Magic Families in the Vesta City but also your uncles and aunts.
Second is the problem of our image, if you kill Roland right now, the family image is harmed, and that is something that cannot happen."
"And why is that? Aren't they just our subordinates? Why do we need to care what they think about us?"
"Because not caring about that would make us Tyrants, an image that could potentially destroy the entire Family."
"There are successful Tyrants who ruled their kingdoms without any troubles in history. I'd even say their rule was better since there was no 'image' propaganda so people knew what to expect from their ruler." Vaan replied. Astra, however, shook her head.
"Tyranny empties out a Kingdom from the inside out. Some Tyranny prospers because the Kingdom is much stronger compared to its enemies, or they have no enemies. That is the only way a Tyrannical Kingdom would survive."
"We are the strongest Magic Family in the world, don't we fulfill the first condition? No, actually, I think we fulfill both conditions. I doubt anyone would want to be our enemy."
Vaan spoke and both Astra and Orion stared at him with blank looks on their faces.
"We do not have enemies? The Vesta Family?" Orion raised his eyebrow. He couldn't believe what Vaan was saying.
"The entire world is our enemy, Vaan. Don't think that just because they aren't actively attacking us means they have given up. The treasures we hold are something that can that every single force in this world craves, there is no way any of them is giving up on those treasures.
They are just waiting, waiting for the time for us to be weak and they will use that chance to absolutely wipe us out from this world. Don't ever think that we do not have enemies just because we are the strongest magic family in the world.
We have lots of enemies because we are the strongest Magic Family."
Astra explained.
Vaan finally understood what his parents were thinking.
"So you are saying that if we act tyrannical and have a bad image, these mage families would betray us in the future and we would be destroyed?"
Vaan questioned.
"That is somewhat correct." Astra nodded.
"Then what makes you think they won't betray you if you 'respect' them?" Suddenly, Vaan questioned.
Astra and Orion frowned.
"You aren't thinking that just because you were nice to them they would be loyal to you, right? I hope not because if that's the case, then let me guarantee you, if something happens in the future, they would be the first ones to leave you aside and run away."
Vaan spoke however, Astra and Orion just glanced at each other.
"It is not his fault, he has started taking interest in these matters only recently. We should be happy that he is even showing some interest." Astra commented.
"But…" Orion wasn't convinced.
His son was too dumb…
"Don't worry, a parent's job is to explain till they get it," Astra replied calmly.
Then, she turned towards Vaan and,
"You remember when I told you that you are too impulsive because you try to deal with everything using your own strength and that attitude is not acceptable if yours is not acceptable if you wish to become the next heir?"
Vaan nodded.
"Well, this is the reason I said it.
You are right, if nothing is done, these people would run away and abandon us in a time of need. That is how human nature works, it seeks protection and tends to stay away from things that could potentially harm them.
If you are the ruler, then you would most probably punish these traitors, then would turn to your enemies and fight them on your own or your few trusted subordinates, eventually tiring yourself out and getting yourself and your loyal subordinates killed.
That is why I said that this attitude of handling everything with your fists only makes you a dog, not the owner.
Someone who thinks like you will be an incompetent ruler whose Kingdom would collapse in difficult times."
"Then… How would a Competent Ruler act in this situation?"



Chapter 80 The World is Grey
"Then… How would a Competent Ruler act in this situation?"
Vaan questioned.
"How else? He would simply send people to fight for him, rather than it only being him and his few loyal subordinates, the chances of victory are much higher if the entire Vesta City fights together. The most ideal situation would be winning without the ruler having to make a move.
That is why you don't see me knocking on everyone's door to 'exact' revenge every day. I only move when it is absolutely required, before that, I let my subordinates handle everything."
"So a competent ruler would let his people fight for him? People as in these Mage Families? What makes you think that people who would run away the moment they sense danger would be willing to fight you?" Vaan questioned. He felt like he was getting back to square one again.
"We make a condition where we give them no choice but to fight," Astra replied calmly.
"So you force them to fight?" Vaan started at his mother with a deadpan look on his face.
"Well, we are not actually forcing them, we are just making them believe that they do not have any other option."
"…"
Vaan had no clue what his mother was talking about.
And sensing that, Astra started explaining,
"As I said before, it is in human nature to seek protection. Everybody wants to live in a safe environment, we just need to create a safe area for these mages to live in and protect it."
Then, a small smirk appeared on Astra's mouth and, "While we do that, we also create an image where everything around this 'safe area' they have is hell. Create an impression that even if they do leave and their 'safe area' is destroyed, then there would be no other safe area left. Making them think that not only them but even their children would also be forced to live in this hellish world just because they were cowards and left their safe area when it needed them.
'Mages are looked down upon by others outside the Vesta City', is one example of how it is done, the Vesta City here, is the 'safe area', while the 'outside' is hell.
Are you getting what I am trying to say?
We provide a 'safe area' for them, and guarantee them that not only are we strong enough to protect them, but we are also fair and righteous. Give an impression that we value them and they will not be abandoned or bullied.
Not only that, as they work hard, they can also get countless opportunities to raise their status by sending mages to work in the Vesta Family. The more Mages you send to the Vesta Family, the more 'influence' their family gets and the higher they soar.
Make them live in this fake illusion where they live in a safe place, their efforts are paid off and they have the opportunity to shine as long as they continue to work, trap them in this lifestyle, make them think that Vesta City is the entire world. Cut them off from the rest of the world, making them believe that the outside world is just a one-dimensional 'hell' they can't live in.
If you manage to do that, that's when you actually rule them.
A 'Safe Place'? They will be the ones keeping this place safe, we will just be taking the credit.
'Opportunities to grow if they work hard?' Heh, the opportunity they are talking about is working for our Vesta Family, even in their dreams, the best they can imagine is all of their family members working for our family.
Them working for us is not doing us a favor, rather, it is us doing them a favor by hiring them.
Now, my dear son, tell me, if this can be achieved, just with us being 'Fair, Just, Upright, Righteous', would you still call our actions dumb?
Or would not doing this and living a life where you do everything on your own, fight your enemies yourself, and waste your and your loyal subordinates' lives be dumber?"
Astra questioned, the slight smile on her face as she revealed the actual truth behind her actions was… horrifying…
Vaan… he wasn't just sitting in front of his mother… he was sitting in front of the Head of the Vesta Family… the ruler of the Vesta City…
A woman who can crush any single person with just a few words…
A scheming leader who not only understood how the world worked but also capitalized on it and used it for her own good…
The Vesta Family, they were never 'fair', on the contrary, they were actually evil! Behind the mask of being fair and just, they were simply manipulating everyone, making them do what they want them to do while making them think that they were doing this for their own good.
"Mother, I have another question." Suddenly, Vaan spoke up.
"Ask away, after all, I am here to answer all your doubts today."
"The 'hell' you mentioned… the outside world…
Do people outside the Vesta City actually look down on mages or is it all just a lie our family is spreading in order to control the mages of our city?"
All the history books mentioned how Mages are looked down on and discriminated against and that only the mages living in the Vesta City were living a decent life where they can have all the freedom they want.
Vaan actually believed that to be the case, since… why would the books lie?
 Now, however, if he thought about it, the oldest power in the Vesta City was his family, everything the books contain, it is not confirmed by anyone else other than the people of the Vesta Family. Heck, some books are even written by the members of the Vesta Family.
Vesta Family was more than capable of manipulating the content of the books.
To be honest, Vaan was a little scared, his entire worldview had changed, he didn't know what to believe or what not to believe, however, what he did know was one thing,
His mother was not his enemy.
He was not on the side of the victims being used here.
He was on the other side.
He was on the side of the rulers.
And of course, Vaan didn't hate that at all.
He finally understood what his mother said about not being the dog but the owner. His thinking of threatening them to the point they fear betraying you, it was good, but it would only work for an underworld gang leader, he, however, wanted to be the Ruler of the entire City which was as big as a Kingdom.
Threatening all his subordinates wasn't possible. He needed to create a scenario like his mother and the other heads of the Vesta Family had done. He needed his subordinate to act like he wanted them to while thinking that this was for their own good.
And to do that, he needed to learn more from his mother.
Seeing her son's intense gaze, Astra chuckled. Then, she cleared her throat and started explaining,
"The world is not Black and White, Vaan. There is no definite Yes or No answer to your question.
The world is Grey.
Are mages looked down upon outside the Vesta City? Yes.
But is the real condition so bad that it can be called hell? No.
This is just a human perception Vaan.
Do you think nobody ever doubted our words and went outside just to check how the real world is? Of course, they did. However, when they did leave the Vesta City, where everyone was a mage and strong mages were deeply respected, and entered the outside world where people with other interests other than magic lived, the perception they formed was according to our words.
Mages are looked down on and the Magic is weakened since the God of Magic stopped blessing us, that is indeed the truth, those mages, who experienced that feeling of being looked down on by the people around them, automatically compared it to 'hell' we were talking about.
So whether it is hell or not, honestly, I do not know. Thousands of years have passed, the definite facts had blurred up, even as the head of the Vesta Family, I do not know everything, I do, however, know what I have to do to keep ruling the Vesta City.
You can say that earlier, our words may not have been true, however, as time went by and more and more people started believing them, it came to a point where it actually did become the truth."
"So it is more like, 'Fake it till you make it' kinda thing?"
"Huh? 'Fake it till you make it?'
That's the first time I have heard of that saying, but I think it works here.
Our words eventually became the truth.
And in truth, though it may sound that way, we aren't actually completely evil either, as I said, the color grey, we actually do provide a safe environment and are righteous and just, to some extent.
People living in Vesta City, they aren't exactly living a bad life, I'd even say their life is actually quite better compared to people living in other Kingdoms."



Chapter 81 Kill him openly and fairly
"That is the reason why we cannot let you kill that boy, it harms our image, and that is something the Vesta Family cannot afford."
After the long explanation, Astra concluded. Orion, who was sitting beside her nodded as well. The Husband and wife were happy, it has been a long time since the family of three had sat together like this. Even though the topic was a little heavy, with how Vaan was reacting to their words and was trying to understand everything from a new perspective, they believed that this was going to be a fruitful conversation.
"I understand."
After thinking about all this for a while, Vaan nodded. Smiles appeared on Astra's and Orion's faces.
But then,
"So when Roland regains his consciousness, his family would be called and his punishment would be discussed, correct?" Vaan questioned.
"That is correct." Astra nodded.
"What are the chances that his punishment would be death?"
"He will not die." Astra didn't bother hiding.
"But what if I want him dead?" Vaan, however, didn't give in.
Hearing his question, both Astra and Orion narrowed their eyes but then,
"Don't look at me like that, you two. I completely understand what you were talking about and how I cannot harm the family's reputation no matter what. Killing Roland right now is a foolish move and I won't do it.
However, Roland is someone who has to die. I have my eyes locked on him and I refuse to believe that the Vesta Family does not have a way to 'solve' some people using some underhanded means.
Assassination, poison, accidental death, I am sure there are many other ways to do what I want without harming the Family Image, what are those ways?" Vaan questioned as he looked into his mother's eyes.
Just like he said, he understood how the politics in the Vesta City worked, the huge 'net' the Vesta Family has created, he knew that he wasn't allowed to create holes in that net. However, the Christopher in Vaan hadn't died yet.
His motto of not sparing any of his enemies was still there and no matter what Astra or anyone else said, he was going to live by this motto.
"Vaan you-"
Orion wanted to jump in and shout at Vaan, but then,
"Magic Duel."
Suddenly, Astra spoke up.
"Astra…"
"Magic Duel?" Vaan frowned.
"We have our ways to 'solve some people', however, we will not be using the Family resources for a fight between children. You want to kill Roland? Do it openly and fairly.
Challenge him to a Magic Duel, win against him, and if you want… kill him."
"And the Frostmoon Family won't react if I do that?"
"We do not fear Frostmoon Family, Vaan. What we fear is the message that would spread after you kill Roland the way you were trying to. Magic Duels, however, are different. How do you think those friends of yours got away after ganging up on you like that? That was because they said it was a Magic Duel, a duel that you foolishly accepted, a duel that couldn't even be called a duel.
They had the reason, so they were spared, challenge that boy and kill him, then you would have the reason, even if the Frostmoon Family is dissatisfied, they wouldn't be able to do anything because all other families would side with us."
"A Magic Duel huh…" Vaan muttered.
"But how is he supposed to defeat that boy? He is a 3rd Circle Mage."
"Well that is something he would have to figure out, won't he?" Astra chuckled.
A smile appeared on Vaan's face as well,
"Leave that to me." He spoke with a confident look on his face.
Astra smiled, a few moments later, a smile appeared on Orion's face as well.
Then, with a motivated look on his face, Vaan stood up.
"Now if you two will excuse me. I have already wasted enough time as is, so I will be going to the library."
 "Huh? Library? It has been so long since all three of us sat together like this. Why don't you have some lunch with us?" Orion questioned. He had to settle a few things so he was not in the family for a while, to make up for that time, he wanted to spend some more time like this, however,
"I apologize but I cannot have lunch right now, Father."
"Why is that?"
"Well since I haven't moved much for the last few days, I feel quite full and…
I and my fiancé would be going out for dinner tonight, that girl won't eat if she realizes I am full so…"
Vaan smiled playfully as he glanced at his mother, and just as he expected, the moment he revealed that, Astra's face brightened up.
Her foolish son was finally making some moves!
And this time, on the right girl!
She couldn't be prouder.
"You are going out with Elara…?" Orion, on the other hand, was surprised.
"Fufufu~ There are a lot of things you have missed, darling. Come, let me help you catch up, Vaan, you can leave."
Astra spoke as she gently held Orion's hands. Seeing her acting like that, Orion couldn't help but smile, he had been here for 2 days now, however, he only saw a solemn, strict, and gloomy Astra, this was the first time in a while that Astra was making this face.
Orion couldn't be happier.
Seeing his parents like that, Vaan smile as well, then, he walked out of the ward and made his way toward the library.
'A Magic Duel huh…
I am going to destroy that bitch and this time,
He won't be regaining his consciousness.'
With that thought in his mind, Vaan entered the library and continued his research from where he had left.
Time passed and Vaan then heard a knock.
"Young Master Vaan."
Gabel called out.
"Enter." Vaan ordered.
"Young Master Vaan, you should get ready now, I believe it would be rude to make Lady Elara wait tonight."
"How is Elara?"
"She has just woken up."
Vaan nodded, then, he closed the book and stood up.
"I will get ready now, book the best restaurant in the City."
"I have already arranged that, Young Master."
Gabel was indeed competent.
Vaan nodded and then walked away.
On his shoulders, there sat two adorable creatures, both Flamey and Splashy were extremely worried when Vaan passed out. They wanted to appear when Elara was gone, however, when they saw how Vaan was reacting, both of them were intimidated and decided to wait till he calmed down.
Later, Vaan calmed them down and fed them, which led to the current situation where the two spirits were sitting on Vaan's shoulders and sleeping peacefully.
Vaan returned to his room, freshened up, wore the clothes that Astra had picked out for his 'date', and walked out.
*Knock* *Knock*
10 Minutes later, Vaan stood in front of Elara's room and knocked, "Elara."
"I-I am here!" Elara's voice was heard, Vaan could hear rushed footsteps, Elara was running towards the door.
Vaan chuckled, the doors were then opened and,
"I-I am ready," Elara spoke up.
"…"
Vaan, on the other hand, just stared at Elara and didn't say anything, or more accurately, he couldn't say anything…
Elara was wearing a Black gown, her hair was tied into a low bun, making her face more visible, her clear red eyes and the slight blush on her face enhanced her beauty to another level. Usually, Elara preferred to be simple and didn't focus much on her appearance, today, however, she had applied some light makeup as well, boosting her beauty to another level.
"You look stunning." Vaan complimented.
Elara blushed a little and, "Y-You look g-good as well…" she replied.
Vaan smiled, then, he extended his right hand and, "Should we leave? I am quite hungry."
Elara simply held Vaan's hand and didn't say anything. The two then walked into their carriage, throughout the ride, Vaan made sure not to leave Elara's hand, Elara didn't resist either, her mind was preoccupied with too many things to even think about resisting right now.
Soon, the carriage stopped in front of a restaurant, Astral Alehouse, it was the biggest restaurant in the Vesta City, even people from other continents often came here to enjoy the delicacies it served. The restaurant was so busy that one had to make a reservation 1 month in advance to get a table, of course, Vaan and the Vesta Family were an exception to that rule.
Vaan and Elara walked into the restaurant and were taken to their table,
"What would you like to eat?" Vaan questioned.
Elara chose a few dishes she wished to eat, the waitress nodded and left, then, silence fell.
The two of them had no topics to talk about. None of them knew what to talk about at times like this.
"H-How is your magic study going?" in the end, Elara started with the topic she was most familiar with.
Not the best choice for a romantic dinner, but as long as it broke the ice.
"Haaahh…" Vaan sighed.
"I barely managed to learn one basic spell after studying for more than 14 hours."
"…"
Elara didn't know what to say…
Mages spent months learning different spells and… then there's him…
However, she could understand where Vaan was coming from, he was someone who learned all the spells she gave to him within 2 weeks, obviously, he would feel slow when he doesn't see progress after so many hours.
Therefore, Elara had come up with a plan.
"I-I have a way to help you…"



Chapter 82 So not only do I get to beat some assheads, but I also get to take their Magic Spells
"I-I have a way to help you…"
"Hmm? What is it?" Vaan questioned with an excited look on his face. Studying magic was hard and incredibly boring, of course, learning new spells felt great, but doing those hours of research to find the correct patterns…
"You have a strong gift of interpreting the Magic Patterns for yourself just by seeing patterns used by other mages. Unlike other mages, you do not have to delve deeper into Magic Theories of that certain spell, linking each of those theories to a certain magic pattern and then coming up with your own pattern after months of research. It would be a waste if you didn't use a gift like that up to its full capability."
"Then what do you want me to do?"
"Magic Duels."
Elara spoke as she looked into Vaan's eyes with a determined look on her face.
"Huh? Magic Duels?" Vaan frowned in confusion.
"What you need is a Spell Directory, similar to the one I gave you."
"Elara, no one is going to show someone their spell directory, not everyone is an angel like you." Vaan chuckled.
Elara, however, shook her head and, "Normally, no one will give it to you, however, it would be a different case if you win it fair and square."
"Huh?"
"Challenge other mages to a Magic Duel, with a condition of you getting their spell directory, or a part of the spell directory, as a reward for winning, while you can bet some Elemental Stones. This way, you can not only learn more spells at a quicker rate, but you can also get fighting experience, something that most mages lack." Elara suggested.
And suddenly, Vaan's expression changed.
'So not only do I get to beat some assheads, but I also get to take their Magic Spells?
There was a fun option like that? Why was I wasting my time in the library then?
Wait…'
Suddenly, Vaan frowned, then he glanced at Elara and, "If there is such an effective way to learn spells, why don't other mages do it? Even if they can't learn the spells with just the Spell Directory, it would definitely save some of their time and help them learn the said spell quicker, won't it?"
"Normal mages need to understand the theories behind spells in order to learn them, that's what takes most of their time, the spell directories are not as valuable to them as they are to you. Also, since the spell directories often have a mage's weakness, not many are willing to use it as a bet. So for other mages, finding opponents to do that is quite difficult as well.
You, on the other hand…" Elara suddenly turned silent.
And Vaan understood, "Because of my reputation, most mages would look down on me and would willingly accept my challenge just to 'defeat a Vesta'."
Elara nodded. "O-Of course, it won't be the same for a long time, as you start growing and getting stronger, other mages would realize how strong you actually are, and soon, they would stop accepting your challenges anymore.
But I believe that if you use this chance well, then by the time they all realize it, you will already be a decent mage with quite a high number of spells under your belt."
"But… won't it be a problem if I only know the required patterns to cast a spell and not the essential theory behind it? Won't it weaken my foundation?" Vaan asked what was bothering him for quite a while now.
"We study magic theories in order to find the required magic patterns and cast a spell. You have the gift to do that without knowing the necessary Magic theories, since you can finally jump to the final step, why would you force yourself to go back to the intermediate step? It wouldn't make sense.
Also, once a Mage memorizes a Magic Pattern for a certain spell, 7 out of 10 times, he forgets the magic theories he had learned after 5-6 months. Just take me for example, I know more than 40 spells, and I barely remember theories of 10 of those spells, the rest are all jumbled up in my mind."
"I understand." Vaan nodded in understanding.
Elara smiled, seeing her like that, Vaan smiled as well, "Just as I thought, my fiancé is indeed a genius, you have answers to every single one of my questions."
"I-I am not a genius…" Elara blushed.
"Oh Elara, how are you so humble? You know, I remember saying this before as well, start acting like the magic prodigy you are, walk like you own the place, and have some weight in your words.
Although I love the cute Elara, I would definitely want to see a confident Elara as well."
"I-I will do my best…" Elara nodded as she lowered her head.
Vaan started at her with a deadpan look on his face.
He had to do something about this… Elara clearly had some confidence issues, so Vaan has to help her out with it. He, who was overflowing with confidence, needed to teach his fiance.
"Ela-" Vaan was about to say something, but then, they heard a knock.
"The food is here." A soft voice was heard. Gabel had booked a VIP table for them, rather than a dinner table, it was more like a room where their privacy was ensured.
 "Enter." Vaan ordered.
2 waitresses entered and started serving the food, once they were done, they left, and just as they were about to close the door,
"This Table was supposed to be mine! I booked it 2 months earlier and now you say that it is not free and are serving someone else!? Do I look like a pushover to you!?" Vaan and Elara heard a shout.
Elara panicked a little, Vaan, on the other hand, simply held her hand, looked into her eyes, and nodded. This calmed Elara a little, she tried to ignore the voices outside and focused on eating but then,
*Bam*
The doors of their room were burst open and a man barged in,
"I don't care who you are, but I am already in a bad mood so piss off!" A man shouted. He didn't even bother to look at who he was standing up against, but when he finally opened his eyes and realized it was Vaan, a big smile appeared on his face.
"If it isn't Young Master Vaan."
He then noticed how Vaan had held Elara's hand and, "Are you assaulting another woman right after Lady Seraphina?"
Vaan's mouth twitched. To dare say that right in front of his face…
People here sure were gutsy.
Thinking about that, Vaan's eyes fell on a plate, then, however, he saw Elara, who was looking at him with a nervous expression on her face.
'I can't ruin this dinner.' Vaan thought inwardly, then, he glanced at the restaurant guards who were standing outside his room.
"What are you waiting for? Someone is clearly interrupting your customer's meal, throw him away." Vaan ordered.
The guards, however, were hesitating. The family this Young Man belonged to wasn't simple either, they can't move recklessly here.
Vaan, who understood the problem just sighed, then, he activated his bullshitting mode and,
"The Vesta City is just and upright, no one is going to do anything to you as long as you are in the right, no matter what family he comes from, he is not allowed to ruin your business, I am also willing to be your witness in this situation, so don't worry about anything and do what you want to do."
Translation: Throw him out and fuck him up.
Hearing those words coming from the Vesta Family's young master, the guards' expression changed, the Vesta Family was on their side, who did they have to fear? Without thinking anymore, the guards moved forward and grabbed the young man.
The young man couldn't believe what was happening, "Are you people out of your mind!? Do you kno-"
Vaan, of course, couldn't care less and focused on eating, he signaled Elara to do the same.
"You seem to be enjoying yourself."
Then, Vaan heard a familiar voice. When Elara saw who it was, she froze as past memories started to haunt her.
Seraphina Stormweaver, the woman who created a wedge between her and Vaan's relationship.
"Seraphina," Vaan called out.
"I heard you were involved in an accident."
"It was some crazy dog coming after me, I handled it though, so no worries."
"That is good." Seraphina nodded.
Then, completely ignoring Elara's presence, she stepped forward and,
"Actually, I have been meaning to talk about a few things with you, I think this is the perfect time."
However,
"Sera, I have no clue how you can think this is the perfect time. Can't you see this beautiful lady here? Oh wait, have I not introduced the two of you yet? My bad.
Sera, meet Elara Flameheart, this lovely lady here is my fiancé, someone who would be stuck with me for the rest of her life.
And Elara, this here is Seraphina Stormweaver, she is uhh… a woman? A borderline friend maybe? We are quite distant, so I don't know what to call our relationship. Let's just say she is an acquaintance. An acquaintance who likes playing with some fun rumors in her free time."



Chapter 83 E Elara did
"And Elara, this here is Seraphina Stormweaver, she is uhh… a woman? A borderline friend maybe? We are quite distant, so I don't know what to call our relationship. Let's just say she is an acquaintance. An acquaintance who likes playing with some fun rumors in her free time."
Vaan spoke with a slight smile on his face.
Seraphina frowned, this was the first time Vaan called her a 'borderline friend', it was always 'my closest friend', 'the person who understands me the most', normally, Vaan would use any term he could to appear closer to her than he actually was.
Seraphina always thought it was his way of making him feel better about himself, so she didn't mind it, since it was actually good for her, she even sometimes nodded her head, accepting what Vaan called her.
Honestly, the smile that appears on Vaan's face when she does that is hilarious.
Today, however, it was different and Seraphina was taken aback, by this distant way of addressing her and those eyes that were putting her down, Seraphina knew this wasn't good.
If she didn't fix it, it would ruin all her future plans and Seraphina couldn't afford it, not when she is already so far ahead.
Seraphina took a moment to calm herself down, then she glanced at Vaan and, "It appears that Young Master Vaan is rather displeased with me,"
"Hmm? You think so? But why? It is not like I have any reason to be, is there?"
"If Young Master Vaan is referring to those rumors, then please believe me, I wasn't the one who did it. In fact, I was even trying to find out who did it so I could bring him to you and we can clear this together.
However, the information network of my family isn't as strong so I failed to do it. I apologize for my incompetence, I should have come forward and directly cleared your name."
"But you didn't do it."
"I actually came to the Vesta Mansion to discuss this with you and plan our future actions as to how to address this, it was only then did I learn that Young Master Vaan was involved in an accident and I couldn't meet you.
Actually, when I said I wanted to talk about some matters with you before, this was what I had in mind."
"So it was all just a misunderstanding?"
"That is correct, Young Master should know that I would never do something that could potentially harm you. I, as someone who 'understands the Young Master the most', would never even think about that." Seraphina replied.
Hearing those words, Vaan smiled inwardly.
'Haaah… Vaan, Vaan… you were such a fool, even if you wanted this bitch, it was just this easy, if only you were a little smarter, you would have had this bitch rolling around your foot doing everything you wanted her to.'
Vaan thought inwardly, pointing out how terribly stupid previous Vaan was.
Then, however, his eyes fell on Elara, then, he shook his head, 'But I guess that is a good thing for me, rather than this bitch, I would prefer this angel be by my side at any point of my life.'
"Well I guess this clears the misunderstanding then. We should definitely have a talk about how to deal with this matter, however, as you can see, currently, I am a bit busy, I will summon you when I have free time. You can leave now." Vaan waved his hand, it was as if he was trying to shoo Seraphina away, a disrespectful gesture, but there was nothing anyone could do about it.
Of course, Seraphina still didn't give up, "I believe it would be better if we settle this matter before it gets even worse, it has already been delayed because of Young Master's accident. I am sure Elara would understand, right, Elara?"
Seraphina glanced at Elara.
The red-haired girl lowered her head, then, she nodded, "Y-Yes, I believe we should handle this matter first, Young Master Vaan, we can always continue our dinner on anot-"
"First of all, That is Lady Elara for you."
Suddenly, Vaan glared at Seraphina with a cold expression on his face,
"Not only does Elara has a higher status than you because she is my Fiance, but she also has a higher Magic Rank than you,
So Seraphina Stormweaver, you better treat her with the respect she deserves, is that clear?"
Seraphina froze.
She couldn't believe Vaan was putting her down like that.
Vaan, however, didn't care what she was thinking and continued, "Second, when I ordered you to leave, you leave. I don't recall asking for your suggestion. Or is it because you think you are better than me?"
"N-No, of course not."
"That is what I thought.
Now leave."
Vaan ordered, this time, his voice was so loud that even the guards and the restaurant staff heard it all, and absolute silence fell over the place.
 Seraphina was embarrassed. 
She could finally understand what Vaan was doing. She was ignoring his actions all this while, thinking that he was the same gullible Vaan, now, however, she finally understood.
Vaan didn't like her anymore.
No, rather than like, it could even be said that he was now targeting her, treating her as an enemy.
A conversation about how to deal with these rumors? Vaan was already doing that by bashing her in front of everyone.
Why would he harass someone who he is trying to kick out? Was it because he was petty about the rumors? Heh, if those rumors were true, why would she approach him?
This was the image Vaan was trying to create.
"I will be taking my leave now, Young Master Vaan.
I hope you enjoy your dinner."
Not wanting to stay here any longer, Seraphina turned around.
Her eyes then fell on the man who was being held by the guards, "Let's leave. We will have our dinner some other day."
"L-Lady Seraphina! Don't worry, I can book another place that is as good as this one!" The man tried to stop her, Seraphina, however, just wanted to leave.
She needed to change her plans. She couldn't waste her time on stuff like that.
Seraphina left, the room Vaan and Elara were eating in suddenly turned silent. Vaan then glanced at his fiancé and,
"Elara." He called out.
"W-What is it?"
"You need to fix that attitude of yours."
"W-What?" Elara was surprised.
"Actually, just leave it to me."
"Huh?"
A wide smile then appeared on Vaan's face and, "Hehe, soon, I'll turn you into a lovely little gangster."
"G-Gangster?"
"Nothing, just continue the dinner."
Elara nodded and started eating. Their conversation paused since Elara was still a little intimidated by Seraphina's arrival, however, being with her for a long time now, Vaan knew how to flip the switch.
A single question about Magic and Elara would get into the zone and talk like there is no tomorrow.
Vaan chuckled as he saw Elara talking about the new 4th Circle Spell she was working on, the shine in her eyes and that excited smile on her face was absolutely adorable.
The dinner finally ended, Vaan and Elara returned to the Vesta Mansion and ended their day.
…
"Vaan!"
The next day, while Vaan was studying in his room, working on some new Instant Spells related to Fire and Water with the help of Flamey and Splashy, Astra barged into his room.
"What happened, mother? Barging into my room like this, that is quite unlike you." Vaan questioned with a polite smile on his face.
Astra, however, wasn't in the mood for any jokes,
"What is this?" She questioned as showed Vaan a piece of paper titled, 'Vaan Astra Vesta's reply to the recent rumors.'
"Hmm? Didn't you say our family image was important? I am just acting on your words and giving a public reply addressing the rumors that are harming our family image." Vaan replied.
The paper in Astra's hand was the city-wide 'answer' he had Alaric distribute everywhere. He thought it would impress his mother, however, Astra didn't seem pleased at all.
"About the recent rumors about me, I did not do it. Those rumors are false. Do I have a way to prove it? I do not care enough to prove it. Anyone who has a problem with it, he or she can challenge me to Magic Duel next week, that is 25Augusta5039.
I am a 2nd Circle Mage, any mages who are 2nd Circle or less, I will battle you fairly. As for mages above that level,
Instant Spells will be used in that battle.
Keep in mind, the Magic Duel wouldn't be for free, if you win, I will write a public apology the way you want me to and will even give you 50 Elemental Stones, however, if I win, you will be handing over your entire Spell Directories to me.
Choose wisely."
Astra read out the entire announcement, then, she glared at Vaan and,
"Let's not even talk about how informal and crude this is, but a public challenge!? What are you thinking!?"
"Well, Elara was the one who suggested this." Vaan simply passed the burning ball and as he did, Astra blinked in surprise, unable to process what she just heard.
"E-Elara did?"



Chapter 84 You do not have much time left
"E-Elara did?"
Astra was shocked to the point where she stuttered. Something that wasn't a very common occurrence.
"I don't believe this. You are putting the blame on her, she would never suggest something like this." Astra spoke as she narrowed her eyes. It wouldn't be the first time Vaan pushed the blame onto Elara, in Astra's mind, the chances of that happening again were higher.
"With that girl's nature, she would never suggest you to challenge other mages out in the open like that, if she did that, one of the biggest worries of my life would be solved," Astra spoke, and hearing what she said, Vaan frowned in confusion.
"What do you mean?"
Astra stared at Vaan for a while then, she decided to share her problems with her son, "You know how Elara is, she is timid."
"Mhm, that she is. Too timid actually, although she has her charm and looks absolutely adorable as she blushes in embarrassment, her nature is a problem. If she doesn't change that, people would start walking all over her." Vaan nodded.
Astra nodded her head as well, "That is what I am talking about, it would be a problem for her in the future, no actually, it is already becoming a problem for her right now.
Her timid nature is affecting her Magic."
"Huh? It is affecting her Magic? How?" Vaan questioned with a surprised look on his face, this was the first time he was hearing something like this.
"Well, it isn't affecting her Magic Study, it is just affecting her performance." Astra then started explaining the problem,
"Elara is a Magic Prodigy."
Vaan nodded.
"However, she has never done well in the Elemental Clash even when she was perfectly capable of doing it.
It wasn't a problem before since she entered the field of magic much quicker than most of her peers. The opponents she fought were much older and more experienced than that.
'She is just a child'
People were ignoring her bad performance because of that, however, now she is 21 years old, and even though the enemies she is battling are still much older than her, people aren't using it as an excuse anymore.
'Vesta Family Head's Student is continuously performing poorly.'
People have started to make remarks similar to this, and although I do not care, these remarks are affecting her and rather than stand up for herself, that girl is letting those remarks get into her head and her already low confidence is falling even further."
"…" Vaan turned silent.
"I tried to help her, but no matter what I do, in the end, she is the one who has to cast the spells in the Battle. She however starts worrying for her enemy in the middle of the battle and even though she can easily defeat her opponent, most of the time she doesn't use her best spells in order to not hurt her enemies."
Astra explained the complete situation. Vaan nodded in understanding, well it wasn't really surprising, this was in line with Elara's nature.
That girl was too kind and she was shy.
However,
"Don't worry Mother."
Suddenly, Vaan smiled.
"I promise you, this time, Elara would be different.
I'll train her."
"You…?"
Astra was shocked.
Vaan blinked a few times, then, he cleared his throat,
"I may not be good at teaching Magic, but trust me, I am damn good at corrupting.
Leave my fiancé to me."
"Corrupting? Oi, I am telling you, nothing should happen to my Daughter in law."
"Yes Yes, just trust your son."
 "I for some reason do not trust you at all."
"I shall let the results speak for myself."
"Is that so? Come here, let me predict these results."
Astra chuckled as she grabbed Vaan's cheek.
…
In the Stormweaver House, Seraphina sat in her room, there was a piece of paper in her hand, it was the announcement Vaan had made. Seraphina was staring at it with a grave look on her face.
"This is not good."
She commented.
"There was no apology in the entire announcement, let alone apology, he just said 'I didn't do it' and directly challenged others for a Magic Duel. He didn't even talk about my opinion or how even I am against those rumors.
This announcement is his declaration of war against me.
He is indirectly telling me that he doesn't need me. The open challenge must be his way of challenging me. I indirectly stopped him from practicing Magic and he is involving Magic in this to secretly send me the message.
Especially with how he is asking for Spell Directories if he won, he obviously has no use for it, he is just doing it to strengthen his message and show how he will continue practicing Magic after this."
Seraphina analyzed the content of the announcement.
And of course, she was completely wrong.
Vaan simply wanted to use this opportunity to get his hands on some spells he could learn. In truth, he wasn't even thinking about Seraphina while writing the entire thing.
"…"
"…"
Seraphina obviously was reading too much into it. Anna, who stood behind her was silent as well.
"Anyways, did you get any leads on the person who actually started these rumors?" Suddenly, Seraphina questioned.
Anna, however, shook her head, "As Lady Seraphina knows, it is extremely difficult to track down the people who start rumors like this. We haven't gotten any lead yet." Anna replied.
"…"
Seraphina turned silent.
If only she could find the bastards who did it, she would have taken them to that fool and proved her point. That way, she could have even used this entire thing to her advantage, acting like a victim and getting something from Vaan in exchange for excusing him for not trusting her and maintaining their previous relationship again.
Though Seraphina doubted the current Vaan would have agreed to that, it would still be better than the current situation.
Seraphina sighed as she shook her head, then, she shifted her attention to another problem that was troubling her, "Has Roland replied to our messages yet?"
Anna, however, shook her head again.
"What is that idiot doing?" Seraphina clenched her fists in frustration.
"I even tried visiting the Frostmoon House but they didn't allow me to meet him. What happened so suddenly? Why is he cutting me off!? Is it because of the rumors? But that doesn't make sense, he came to meet me after the rumors were spreading around."
"…"
Anna didn't say anything.
"Everything is falling apart." Suddenly, Seraphina commented.
Vaan was her biggest source of 'Magic Resources', after him, it was the other simps, however, with the rumors spreading around, some of the simps are stepping back as well, even the Simp General is not replying to her letters. Aldric, whom she had kept to keep an eye on Vaan, he has been ignoring her as well, only giving out partial information and not replying when she wants him to.
All her options were slowly being shut down…
She was being trapped.
She needed a solution,
*Knock* *Knock*
Suddenly, a knock was heard.
"What is it?" Seraphina sighed as she shook her head, then questioned.
"Lady Seraphina, Young Master Asher is requesting to meet you."
"Asher?" Seraphina frowned.
"I am coming."
She nodded then, without wasting any time, she stood up. An opportunity can come from the most random of places, maybe, Asher was her opportunity.
5 minutes later, Seraphina walked into her Guest room.
"Lady Seraphina." Asher greeted with a slight smile.
"I didn't see you and your friends coming to me with recording crystals like you told me." Seraphina directly jumped onto the topic.
"Vaan canceled that plan," Asher replied.
"That doesn't give out a good image, you know that right?" Seraphina replied.
"I know, but I do not control Vaan's actions. I am just an agent. I can only tell you what he tells me, I cannot read his mind." Asher shrugged.
"Why are you here?" Seraphina questioned.
"I am here to ask if you have decided on following through with my plan or not."
"…" Seraphina turned silent.
"…" Asher didn't say anything and patiently waited for her answer.
"I need more time."
"You know we do not have much time, right?"
"…"
"Look, your relationship with Vaan wouldn't improve from this point, if you do not control him, you will be finished, and after you, it will be my turn."
"Well at the very least, I won't die even if I don't do anything, so my position isn't as bad as yours."
"Right, I am sure you would live a happy life with the Young Master of the Vesta Family treating you as an enemy.
Seraphina, don't get me wrong, what you have right now is because of Vaan's status as a waste. Even if he was your enemy, it wouldn't have mattered since he had no say in his family, but Vaan has changed, and from his recent actions, I can tell that he is actually trying to actively participate in his Family politics.
Even if he doesn't have any power right now, it is only a matter of time, and once that happens, and the bad blood between him and you is revealed,
Then even those stupid fools who are ready to 'die for you' won't stick around. No one, absolutely no one wants to get on Vesta Family's bad side.
So think carefully,
You aren't safe and,
You do not have much time left either."



Chapter 85 I pity Lady Astra
"Pl- B-Bring the Food."
"As you say, Lady Elara." The maid bowed her head and left.
"Elara, why are you stuttering when you are talking to servants? And you were about to add please again, weren't you?"
"T-That was out of habit. I feel that we should be respectful to them even if they are our servants, after all, they are humans as well."
"So are you saying that when I or the mother do not add 'please' while talking to the servants, we are being disrespectful to them?"
"N-No, that's not what I-"
"Elara,"
Vaan called.
"You are my Fiance and will marry me in the future, you will then become a Vesta, no, scratch that, even if we do not count that, as a 4th Circle Mage, you need to have a level of pride. Someone of your stature should not be respectful in front of servants.
Treat them kindly, yes. Listen to what they want, help them when you think they are in the right, however, do not treat them as equals, because they are not.
Think about this, how weird would it be if Mother used words like please every time she talked with a servant? Now think about yourself, when you become a 7th Circle Mage in the future, and my wife, wouldn't it be strange if you talk to servants like you do now?"
"I-I understand." Elara nodded.
"No stuttering. You must be confident all the time."
"I understand."
"Louder."
"I understand."
"Good." Vaan smiled.
This was the first step. Elara's case was worse than he initially thought, so he needed to take it slow, first, he needed to fix the way she interacted with others. Once she gains some confidence, only then would they move to the next step.
The little Gangster Elara.
'Heh.'
A small smile appeared on Vaan's face as he imagined that scene in his head.
*Knock* *Knock*
Suddenly, Vaan heard a knock. He turned towards Elara, Elara understood what he wanted so taking a deep breath, she glanced at the door and,
"Come in."
Vaan nodded in satisfaction.
However, the person who entered was not the maid they were expecting, but Gabel.
"Young Master Vaan, Young Master Asher is requesting to meet you."
"Tell him to wait, I will be eating together with Elara right now."
Gabel bowed his head and walked away.
A minute later, a knock was heard again, this time, it was the maid. She entered and served the food, both Elara and Vaan ate it together, then, Vaan left and walked towards the guest room.
"I hope you have been well, Young Master Vaan." Asher stood up as he greeted.
"You are getting politer and politer, punch bag," Vaan spoke as he sat on the sofa.
"I am just in awe after seeing how you cornered that woman as you did, you are much more capable than someone like me could ever be," Asher replied.
"Should I call you ass kisser instead?" Vaan wondered in his head.
Asher's mouth twitched. Vaan then signaled him to sit, and he sat down, then, Vaan questioned, "How was her reaction?"
 "She was desperate. Today was the first time I saw 'worry' on her face, usually, she is good at hiding her emotions but she wavered today. Especially when I told her that she doesn't have much time left." Asher reported.
"Did she agree to use the Dreamweave?"
"She didn't say anything like that in front of me, but I am sure she is considering it."
"Hmmm, should I give her the last push?"
"Last push?" Asher furrowed his brows in confusion.
"The last rumor I spread reduced the number of simps simping for her, 'assaulted' is a strong word after all, who knows how many 'goddesses' have fallen from their grace once their sexual past is revealed."
Vaan still remembers how those 'idols' lose followers whenever news about their marriage is announced. Heck some of them don't even reveal their personal relationship because they fear the backlash from the audience.
Simps were weird, most of them know that let alone sexual encounters, they wouldn't even get the chance to stay in a single room together in a single room, yet the moment their goddess loses her 'purity', she is not as attractive in their eyes anymore.
Well, not like any of this mattered, as long as it was working in Vaan's favor, he didn't care.
"Anyways, with her simps, the Simp General and me being out of the picture, Sera is out of most of her 'sources' of money.
How about I take away the last source left as well?"
"Those thugs?"
"Mhm, they send her monthly money for keeping her mouth silent about the Dreamweave.
Spread another rumor of Dreamweave coming into the Vesta City and commoners being affected by it. Let those thugs and Seraphina fall out."
Vaan smirked and Asher, who understood the consequences of these rumors gulped.
But then,
"Young Master Vaan… Are you sure we should do it?"
"Hmm?"
"If these rumors spread, the Vesta Family would start looking into it, if that happens then it won't take much time for them to locate and annihilate those thugs, and all the Dreamweave in the City would be tracked down and destroyed.
Won't that ruin your plans?" Asher questioned.
"Don't worry about that, I will talk to Mother about this. Just do what I told you to."
"As you command, Young Master Vaan."
"You can leave now." Vaan then waved his hand. "I have to prepare for the upcoming Magic Duels."
Asher stood up and bowed his head, "I hope the rest of your day goes well, Young Master Vaan."
Saying those words, he turned around and left.
Vaan left the room and walked into his own. Then, he took out the Spell Directory that Elara gave him, he only had a week, so he had already given up on learning new Water Spells, rather than that, he was focusing on learning Two Circle Fire Spells and optimizing them using his extra Inner Circles.
…
"Hey, have you heard? They say Lady Astra is coming to watch today's Battle."
"What? Is that true!?"
"Why are you so shocked? Young Master Vaan would be the one fighting today, of course she would come and watch it, he is her only son."
"Haah… you know, sometimes I pity Lady Astra. To think her only son is a waste."
"Right? And did you see his announcement? He sounded so arrogant."
"Wasn't he always like that? He looks down on everyone and acts arrogantly in front of others because of his family."
"Hehe, actually, I have heard that when he is in front of another member of the Vesta Family, he acts like a little whimpering cat, too afraid to even say a word."
"I mean, he can't use his status against another member of the Vesta Family, now can he? Hehe."
"But to think that waste would challenge everyone openly like that. I was quite surprised, just what was he thinking?"
"Who knows? I just know something fun would happen."
"Hahaha~ True True, but I must say, that waste does know how to make money, to think he would charge money for this and that too, a 100 Gold Coins! What an absurd price for a ticket."
"I doubt many would spend 100 Gold Coins to see his Magic Duel."
"We are still here, aren't we?"
"You are right. I am sure there are people who would pay even 1000 Gold Coins to see him getting humiliated."
The 4 men laughed as they made their way into the Vesta Stadium.
It was the 25th of Augusta Month, the day Vaan is going to battle the challengers who believe the rumors and want him to make a public apology.
The Duels will be held in the Vesta Stadium. Usually, whenever this stadium is opened, it is usually full-packed, today, however, it was one of those rare days where barely 10,000 people were present.
Why? Because of the absurd ticket prices.
A 100 Gold Coins! Even the Ticket for the Annual Elemental Clash was only 50 Gold Coins. It was obvious that not many would come and watch this.
Of course, Vaan didn't care, in fact, he was surprised that 10,000 came even when the prices were so absurd.
To think he made 1,000,000 Gold Coins in one day, that's equivalent to 1000 Elemental Stones. Even if he spends half of it on the arrangement, it was still 500 Elemental Stones, he had struck big!
Not to mention all the Spell Directories he was going to get his hands on today.
A lucky day indeed.
"Ladies and Gentlemen, please stand up on your seats to show your respect to the Head of the Vesta Family, Astra Elysia Vesta."
The host announced. Everyone in the audience stood up. Astra, along with Orion walked towards their seats and once they sat down, the rest of the audience sat down as well.
"Now I would like to invite Young Master Vaan and all the challengers who came here to challenge him."
Soon, Vaan and 6 more mages stepped into the ring.
Vaan glanced at the 6 mages, then, with a wide smile on his face, he spoke up.
"Just so you know, since you came here, it means you have decided to challenge me, the conditions of the challenge have already been set, so even if you do give up now,
Your Spell Directories are mine."



Chapter 86 Lets start the Duel, shall we
6 more mages other than Vaan stepped up. Vaan named them 'Real Simps'. They were the simps who weren't just a simp just for the sake of it, they actually meant it.
They were serious about simping.
Seraphina had many simps, some of them simply backed away after the rumors started circulating, some actually directed their anger at him but didn't dare to challenge him because they were scared of the repercussions and the rest were these 6 real ones.
The ones who actually stood on their goddess's side and came here to deliver their spell directories to him.
Now these were the people who can actually be used, they were the ones who were born to be taken advantage of, and that was what Vaan was going to do.
He will fulfill the goal of their life.
"Just so you know, since you came here, it means you have decided to challenge me, the conditions of the challenge have already been set, so even if you do give up now,
Your Spell Directories are mine."
Vaan spoke as he glanced at the 6 Real Simps standing in front of him, making sure that none of them feel disappointed.
"That is if you do defeat us. Don't forget about the 50 Elemental Stones and the Public Apology once you are defeated."
One of the 6 men spoke up as he glared at Vaan.
Vaan, however, completely ignored the man and glanced at the Host, signaling him to start the first battle. The Host understood and then after nodding at Vaan, he turned towards the crowd and,
"Since all the Participants are here, we will be starting with the first round. The order of the Duel will be the Order in which the Challengers have registered for the Challenge,
So the first challenger, Elric Throneheart, from the Throneheart Family, please stay on the Stage with Young Master Vaan, as for the rest of the mages, please be on the side and patiently wait for your turn."
Elric stepped forward as he glared at Vaan with a confident look on his face. He was the same man who had spoken up just now and with how he was looking at Vaan's face, it felt like he was saying,
'You can't ignore me now, can you?'
Then, with a smirk on his face, Elric glanced at the announcer and,
"What happens after I defeat Young Master Vaan? I mean, there are 5 other challengers after me, what about them? I am sure they would want to rewards as well and I feel it is unfair that they wouldn't get those rewards because Young Master was injured in his Duel with me.
Would Heal be used? If yes, then would I have to be careful enough to not hurt Young Master Vaan so much that even with Heal, he might need more than a day to be back in his full health? Although it would be difficult, I would try to cooperate and hold back."
"Ehh…"
The Host glanced at Vaan with a confused look on his face, he didn't know how he was supposed to answer this.
The people in the crowd, on the other hand, had smiles on their faces, who here didn't wish to see the arrogant Young Master of the famed Vesta Family getting thrashed by others? Even though he was the weakest and was often called waste, Vaan was still a member of the Vesta Family, his defeat would definitely be a sight to see. Many were especially curious about what expression Astra would make when her son loses.
"Don't worry, if you managed to hurt me enough that even Heal can't instantly heal me, then I'll add 20 more Elemental Stones" Vaan spoke up.
"Really?" Elric's eyes shined in greed. "You won't go back on your words, will you?" He questioned, making sure Vaan won't have any way out.
Then suddenly, a wide smile appeared on Vaan's face and, "That is, if you agree to remove the surrender rule."
"The Surrender Rule? As in-"
"Yes, as in the Duel would continue, not until one side passes out or surrenders, but until the winning side wants it to be.
Are you up for it? For extra 20 Elemental Stones."
Elric glanced at the seat where his family members were sitting, wanting to get their opinions, but,
"We don't have all day, Coconut-Face. Accept right now or it will automatically be rejected."
"I accept, I have no reason to reject those extra 20 Elemental Stones." Elric accepted.
Vaan smiled.
Seeing this as his clue, the Host jumped in,
"Now, the two Mages, please shake your hands before the Duel."
Vaan and Elric did as they were told.
 "You should have kept your hands away from Lady Seraphina," Elric smirked.
"What element did you have an affinity with again?" Vaan questioned.
"Why would you think I'll tell you that?"
"What? You think it would be that big of a strategic reveal? Alright then, I will tell you, my Element is Fire. Take it as me giving you a little handicap. I like to help the weak, you see."
"My element is Earth." Not wanting to let Vaan feel any better, Elric replied.
Vaan chuckled, "Earth huh…"
"Not the most useful one right now, but I am sure I will be using your directory in the Future."
Vaan wasn't a fool, after Splashy, he had a rough idea in his mind. There were 4 Basic Elements and 4 Circles at the Basic Level, he predicted that he would be getting one Spirit with every Circle he unlocks, eventually getting 4 with different elements.
So even though it was useless right now, he could use a Directory of an Earth Mage in the future.
Of course, he could be wrong and Splashy's appearance might be just a coincidence and the Directory might be completely useless for him, but so what?
At least he got to kick some ass, didn't he?
It was a win-win.
"Now the two mages, please stand on your spots." The Host instructed.
Vaan and Elric stood 100 meters apart from each other. This was the distance that was globally recognized to be the best distance between two Basic Mages before they start an official Duel. Since it was not close, it gave enough time for the two mages to prepare their spells and since it was not far, the spells the mages fired do not die out before hitting their opponent.
All in all, it was a perfect distance to test the two mages.
With the two of them standing in their spots, the announcer raised his voice,
"The First Magic Duel of today's challenge starts,
Now!"
As soon as the announcer announced, Vaan and Elric started absorbing the surrounding Mana and started circulating it throughout their Mana Veins, once they were done with Initiation, the two mages glanced at each other and then,
Elric's eyes widened in fright.
"W-W-What the hell is that!?"
His eyes fell on the two Advanced Circles Vaan had formed.
"What is that circle…?"
"Is that real…?"
"How is he doing that…?"
"Wait… isn't this the 'Advance Circle' Vaan published a few days ago?"
"That thing was real!?"
"I ignored it thinking it was just him joking around."
"But how is this possible…? A Circle like that shouldn't exist!"
Elric wasn't alone, the entire crowd widened their eyes in surprise when those Circles were revealed.
"These were the Magic Circles you were talking about?" Orion whispered into Astra's ears. A small smile appeared on Astra's face as she nodded.
"Their reaction would be priceless."
A smirk appeared on Orion's face as well.
The Husband and Wife glanced at the Stage again, waiting for their son's first victory,
"Why does your face look like a bitch who was thrown into ice-cold water?
Do you need me to warm you up?
Well, why not? I am actually quite good at this."
Saying those words, Vaan formed a 2-meter-long Flame Spear, then,
"Let's start the Duel, shall we!?"
He shouted with an excited look on his face and the Fire Spear shot towards Elric.
Because of the 'Speed' Inner Spell, the Spear's speed surprised Elric, who had stopped casting because of his surprise. Seeing the Giant Spear coming towards him at a high speed, Elric quickly formed an Earth Wall in front of him.
*BOOOM*
An Explosion was heard as the Spear collided with the Earth Wall, Elric's body was pushed back because of the explosion. The Fire Spear was much stronger than a normal Fire Spear and how could it not be?
It was supported y 4 extra Inner Spells that worked just on improving its strength.
Eldric started thinking about what other Inner Spells Vaan must have used but then,
"What are you doing!? The Duel isn't over!"
Eldric heard his father's shout and noticed Vaan preparing another Fire Spear while the other was already coming at him.
Eldric tried to run away, trying to dodge this one instead of blocking it, while at the same time absorbing Mana to defend against the next one,
But then,
The Fire Spear changed its Direction in mid-air.
'I-It has D-Direction Manipulation as well!'
Eldric's nightmare had begun.



Chapter 87 Something they had never seen before
'I-It has D-Direction Manipulation as well!'
Eldric's eyes widened in horror. The Fire Spear was coming at him, his defense spell still needed time, and there was no way he could cast it in time.
He was done for!
Eldric's instincts took over, he stopped casting and just focused on running with everything he had. Of course, it was a foolish decision, there was no way a human, a mage with a weak body at that, could outrun a spell, not to mention a spell that was boosted by 'Speed' and 'Direction Manipulation.'
But that's what fear does to one. One could hardly make a sane decision when influenced by fear.
"Aaaagggghhhhh!!!"
Eldric screamed for his life. His heart pounded like crazy, the Fire Spear was catching up and was about to burn him.
However, just as it was about to happen, the Fire Spear suddenly changed its direction and collided with the ground barely 5 cm away from Eldric's feet.
*BOOM*
"AggggghhhhH!!!"
Even though it wasn't a direct contact, the impact was enough for Eldric's body to fly away from the force of the collision.
"Uggghh." Eldric groaned in pain, he had twisted his leg.
'I am alive…?'
The look of absolute confusion on his face was a sight to see.
He was in pain, but at the same time, he couldn't understand how he lived.
But then,
"Oops, looks like a missed, my bad."
Vaan sighed as he shook his head.
Then, a wide smile appeared on his face and, "But I am sure that this time, I won't miss. Get ready, coconut head, I'll be shoving this entire thing right into your ass!"
Vaan had already summoned another Fire Spear. Aldric on the other hand, had no spells ready, heck, let alone spells, he had not even summoned his magic circles yet, Vaan was a complete round ahead of him.
For a Basic Mage, this advantage was so high that Eldric winning this battle was close to impossible.
Why? It was simple.
Vaan can simply fire his Spell,
Vaan can simply fire his Spell, Whether Eldric defends it or dodges it, he would still need 2 extra seconds to cast another spell, by that time, Vaan would already be ready for another attack. For Basic Mages who absorbs the Mana from the surrounding, this cycle can continue for an indefinite time,
Vaan would continue to attack, Eldric would continue to barely defend, there was no other direction this match could go into. Eldric had no other choice but to surrender.
And that's what he did.
"Surrender! I surrender!!"
He shouted in despair as he continued to run away from the Fire Spear Vaan had shot towards him.
However, even after he surrendered, the Fire Spear didn't stop, and neither did the Host or the Audience move, the duel was still on.
"I already surrendered!! What's happening!?"
Eldric shouted.
"Coconut Head, you really did forget those 'free' extra 20 Elemental Stones you wanted, didn't you?" Vaan chuckled.
Eldric's eyes widened in horror and then,
*BOOOM*
The Fire Spear burst right next to his feet again.
 "AAaaagagAGghhhhhHH! My leg!!" Eldric screamed, this time, his foot had burned.
"Aha! I was closer this time!" Vaan shouted.
"Well it is still far from your ass, I am sure this one would make it."
And again, another Fire Spear was summoned, Eldric's face got paler, tears streamed out of his eyes as he begged,
"Young Maste-"
"Don't bother, this is like an Aiming practice session for me, the target is your lower hole, and I'll continue till I get the hit."
Vaan laughed, absorbing the surrounding Mana again. Eldric, even though his leg was twisted and his foot was burned, he had no other option but to stand up and run.
He didn't even think about using a spell to defend himself, not only did he not have the time, the fear had completely taken over him, and there was no way he would be able to cast any of his spells right now.
Vaan continued to shoot Fire Spears again and again, making Eldric run all over the stage, etching fear into the hearts of the rest of the challengers and the audience.
"This… is this really a battle between two 2nd Circle Mages…? It's more like a 3rd Circle Mage bullying a newbie mage."
"With those Magic Circles, how is Young Master Vaan any different than a 3rd Circle Mage? He has 12 Inner Circles!"
"This is ridiculous, to think Young Master Vaan was this strong…"
"I guess his Bloodline is finally showing up…"
"Hahaha~ The Blood of the Vesta, how could it produce ordinary mages?"
"Not to mention he is someone who is from the main line of heirs, the direct son of the Family Head. It was strange that he was said to have average talent, I guess he was just hiding his talents and was researching that Advanced Circle."
"Indeed indeed, he really hid well, didn't he?"
"I guess Vesta Family will be producing another, remarkably strong and respected mage, won't it?"
"I am looking forward to it."
The people in the audience couldn't stop talking, the same mouths that were talking about how they were looking forward to Vaan's defeat were now singing his praises.
They were all professional bootlickers, all of them hoping to catch Vaan's eyes and change their fate.
But then suddenly,
"H-Hey…"
One of the men in the crowd called out as he pointed towards the Stage.
"Why is Young Master Vaan running towards the other mage like that…?"
"H-Huh? Is he closing the Distance to cast a spell?"
"But the Fire Spears are working perfectly fine, he just needs to attack and the duel would have ended…"
"Is he trying another spell?"
"An experiment in the middle of the Duel?"
"Heh, Young Master Vaan sure is brave."
"As expected from someone with the Vesta Blood."
"What kind of spell do you think he would use?"
"You think I would have been sitting here with someone like you if I knew that?"
"…"
"I can only say that it must be something amazing."
The crowd was excited, they had even prepared themselves to see something they had never seen before, and Vaan showed them exactly that.
Something they had never seen before.
Something they would never forget for the rest of their life,
The sight of a Mage, jumping at his opponent with a wild smile on his face and then punching the opponent's face with everything he had.
"Hahaha! As I thought, spells are fun and all, but the feeling of your fist on a nose is definitely unbeatable!"
Vaan laughed out loud and then,
"Hey Coconut Head, do you think a Dented Coconut would look good?
How about we try and figure that out?"
"H-Huh-ugghhhh!!"
Vaan, sitting on Eldric's stomach, rained down a barrage of punches onto Eldric's face. Eldric was not a fighter, his leg was injured and his entire body was exhausted from running like a madman, in front of Vaan who was sitting on top of him with that crazy smile on his face, raining down punches at him, Eldric was defenseless.
"S-Stwop this!"
He could only plead.
"Y-Young Master Vwaan! P-please stop this! I surrender! I surrender! I am swure those rumors are f-false, that bwastered who framed you, I hope he dwies a painful death! I was wrong, please, please forgive me!"
After being punched for the fifteenth time, Eldric couldn't take it anymore. No matter how many times he surrendered, the Host didn't stop the battle. Everything was in Vaan's head, Eldric who realized it started bleeding.
Vaan finally paused.
Then he momentarily glanced at the other challengers and then took a deep breath.
"Do you surrender?" he questioned.
Eldric's face brightened up. "Yes! I swurrender! I swurrender!!" He nodded continuously, looking at both the Host and the Crowd to show his complete surrender.
It was without a doubt one of the most enthusiastic surrenders people had seen.
Vaan was a generous and humble man.
Seeing him surrender so desperately, he stood up, then glanced at the Host, the Host nodded and stopped the Battle.
"The Winner of the First Magic Duel, Vaan Astra Vesta."
The results were announced.
"YEAAAHHH!!!"
The crowd cheered. Many started chanting Vaan's name, Vaan waved at the crowd, enjoying the love and attention he was receiving.
"See? This time I didn't hit him till he passed out, I stopped before. I told you I was a good person, didn't I?" Vaan spoke to the two lovely fairies flying around him.
By now, Flamey was already used to this, therefore, she just sighed. Splashy was still a little taken aback, however, with Flamey patting her back like a big sister, she wasn't much affected either.
Vaan smiled at the two fairies, then his eyes fell on a certain red-haired girl watching him from afar.
He waved at her excitedly, Elara blushed a little but then waved back.
The atmosphere in the stadium was good, but then,
"Can we continue the next duel already? If Young Master isn't tired, that is."
A rude voice was heard.
Vaan glanced at the challenger who had spoken up and,
"Ahh! I was wondering why you so looked familiar,
You have been one of my punchbags before!"



Chapter 88 Lets fight like real men do
"Ahh, I was wondering why you looked familiar,
You have been one of my punchbags before!
I recognize you!
How have you been, punchbag?"
Vaan questioned with an excited smile before. Punchbag, however, didn't like what he was called, and neither did he like Vaan's tone.
However, he controlled his anger, and rather than lashing out, he simply glanced at the Host and,
"I wish to challenge Young Master Vaan next."
"The next challenger would be decide-" The Host was about to shake his head, but then,
"He is my fist's close friend.
We can change the rules for him a bit, let him cut the line."
Vaan spoke with a genuine smile on his face. Then, he glanced at the man and,
"Come up, Punchbag.
You don't have to wait for your turn like the others."
Punchbag didn't react to Vaan's words and simply stepped onto the stage, then he glanced at Vaan and introduced himself,
"Karl Vesta, I hope we have a fair duel."
Yes, he was Karl Vesta. The same mage who stopped Vaan and Elara when they came out of the Magic Training room and was then beaten up by Vaan.
The Medic mentioned that he needed at least a year before he could recover, however, just for this Magic Duel, Heal was used to give him a chance of getting back at Vaan.
And that was what Karl was here for, get back at Vaan for what he had done before.
As for Seraphina? Karl didn't give a rat-shit about that woman.
He was just grateful to her for giving him a chance to get even.
Karl extended his hand for a handshake, from his actions, it was clear that he didn't want to waste even a single second and start the battle.
Vaan shook his hand, then, he smiled,
"I remember you being a 3rd Circle Mage, Karl. I am sure you have read the announcement clearly,
The use of Instant Spells will be allowed in this Duel.
Be ready to have Heal used on you again."
"Doesn't Young Master Vaan have an Advance Magic Circle that gives him 12 Inner Circles, it is the same as having a 3rd Circle anyway, I believe that a Duel without using Instant Spells would be better in this scenario. How about it?"
Karl questioned as he looked into Vaan's eyes.
Vaan narrowed his eyes, "Are you implying that the difference between a 2nd Circle and 3rd Circle Mage is just the number of Inner Circles?"
"…"
Karl turned silent as he glanced at Astra who was looking in his direction. He gulped.
He couldn't agree to this statement, not in front of the Family Head, that would show his incompetence and showing his incompetence in front of the Family Head…
'You are already standing in front of her child. No matter how much Astra tries to deny or hide it, it is clear that she loves her son. She is already biased against you, no matter what you do, she would see you in a bad light.
Remember Karl, she is not the one you have to impress.'
Suddenly, Karl heard a voice right in his head.
His expression changed.
 He thought about what the voice said for a while, then, he glanced at Vaan and,
"Yes. That is exactly what I am implying.
And since the number of Inner Circles we have are the same, why don't we have a fair battle?"
Vaan frowned.
He didn't think the Punchbag would say something like that.
However, instead of thinking about the reason, he just shrugged,
"Not my fault that you are a dumb piece of shit.
It was clearly stated in the Announcement,
If a 3rd Circle Mage or stronger comes and challenges me, Instant Spells will be used."
"How is it my fault that you are a piece of trash who is only a 2nd Circle Mage when he is already 20 years old? I worked hard to get where I am and become a 3rd Circle Mage. Why do I have to compromise for being stronger than you? Isn't that usually the other way around?" Karl didn't give up.
"Huh? Compromise? In what way are you compromising? You came here to challenge me, I never said I wouldn't fight you because you are a 3rd Circle Mage, I just said the use of Instant Spells will be allowed in the Duel. What's wrong with that? Instant Spells are an important part of a Mage's Strength. Why can't they be used in Magic Duels?"
"That's because using Instant Spells doesn't show any Magic Skills, and Magic Duels are a way for a Mage to show his Skills.
Using Instant Spells defeats the purpose of Magic Duels."
"This is a Challenge, Punchbag. You all are here to challenge me, it is no show of Skill, it's a show of Strength.
And Instant Spells are very much a part of a Mage's Strength."
"…"
Karl momentarily turned silent.
Twisting facts in his favor?
Vaan was an expert in that!
You learn a lot when you extort people in creative ways.
"Just say you are scared to fair duel with me."
"It will be a fair duel when I become a 3rd Circle Mage,
If you have the balls, come at me then."
Vaan spoke as he looked into Karl's eyes.
"Heh, with how much time you took to become a 2nd Circle, I am sure that by the time you get to the 3rd Circle, I will already be a 4th Circle Mage.
You would never catch up to me, Vaan.
You will always be a trash relying on his background to suppress others."
Karl replied with a smirk on his face.
"…"
This entire time, the crowd was silent. The Argument between two members of the Vesta Family was too heated, none of them made any sound since they didn't wish to miss a single moment, and just as everyone thought that the Mage named Karl had won and was looking at Astra to see her reaction, a wide smile appeared on Vaan's face,
"And you will always be a bitch who will always be suppressed by people like me.
Don't worry, in the the future, I'll keep you by my side to bark at the unwanted people around me.
I believe that would be a fitting job for someone like you."
*Gasps*
The crowd sucked in cold breaths.
Nobody thought that Vaan would go this far. Even Astra was taken aback, however, in the end, she was unable to hold herself back and her mouth formed an arch.
She was smiling.
And seeing the Head of the Vesta Family smiling like that, smiling at him… Karl lowered his head in embarrassment and clenched his fists in anger.
"You are just a spoiled bastard who is nothing by himself."
"Well, not my fault your parents were shit mages and weren't as good as my mother."
Vaan shrugged.
"My children would be saying the same thing to your children." Karl laughed.
"No, my children would be shitting on your children as well, just like I am shitting on you. It is the fate of your blood." Vaan retorted.
Then, a playful smile appeared on his face and,
"And don't you worry, my future children don't have to worry about having talentless parents, their mother was a 4th Circle Mage when she was just 20."
Elara quickly hid her red face when she understood what Vaan just said. She couldn't believe Vaan would say something like that in front of so many people.
T-That was so shameless!
Elara wished that she could hide for the rest of her life.
And Vaan, who saw the reaction he wanted to see laughed out loud, completely ignoring the punch bag in front of him.
"Look at him, confessing to his fiancé in the open like that. How daring~
As expected of my child."
Astra continuously nodded her head. From the start to the finish, this was the best thing that had happened in this 'Challenge' in her opinion.
"That was quite bold indeed,
He is almost as romantic as me." Orion nodded his head as well.
Astra turned towards her husband and raised her eyebrow.
"What?" Orion questioned.
Without saying anything, Astra turned towards the Stage.
"What?" Orion, who was now curious questioned again.
"Nothing."
"I am no fool, that look was definitely not nothing."
"You should know what I am thinking."
"Tsk, typical women."
Orion snorted and just turned away.
He won't be playing this game.
Astra was a Mage, he wasn't.
"Alright, let's stop this discussion, people are getting bored,
How about we fight like a man?"
Suddenly, Vaan suggested.
"Fight like a man?" Karl was confused.
"No Magic, no Instant Spells, no weapons,
Just our bare fists,
Let's fight like real men do,
How about it?
You won't say my family background gives me an advantage because your parents raised you to be a pussy, won't you?"
"Fighting with our bare fists?"
"Bare fists." Vaan nodded.
"Let's do it,
I believe this would be the best way for me to get my revenge."
"Indeed indeed.
I am sure you would have a better shot at winning this way."
Vaan's smile couldn't be hidden.



Chapter 89 You started it you bastard
"Let's fight like real men, with our bare fists.
What do you say?" Vaan questioned with a big smile on his face.
Karl started thinking, a battle with Instant Spells or a Battle using Fists…
The choice was simple.
He couldn't get into the Battle of Resources against Vaan. Both of them may be a part of the Vesta Family, but in truth, his 'family' was actually nothing, his father just inherited the Vesta Family name because he was an excellent mage, it may sound all grand and exciting, but in truth, they were nothing but subordinates,
Vaan, on the other hand, was the true leader, the son of the Family Head, there was no way someone like him could defeat Vaan in the battle of resources.
A Fistfight was countless times better.
"Let's do it,
I believe this would be the best way for me to get my revenge."
Karl spoke as he looked into Vaan's eyes.
Vaan smiled as he extended his hand. Karl shook his hand, the two mages stood 10 meters away from each other.
The Host had no clue what to do, this was the first time something like this had happened in a Magic Duel. The Rules have been changed unofficially.
He didn't know how he was supposed to react.
"Start the fight," Vaan ordered.
In the end, the Host just gave up and did what he was told,
"The fight between Vaan Astra Vesta and Karl Vesta,
Start!"
"You are dead you trash bastard!"
Karl, his jaw clenched, launched himself at Vaan with a furious right hook. But Vaan's reflexes were lightning quick; he smoothly ducked under the punch and countered with a sharp jab to Karl's side, causing him to stagger back.
"The Fuck? A punch can be that weak? I mean, I get that you have been practicing magic your entire life, but what's with that sissy-ass punch? Is that all you've got?" Vaan taunted, a cocky grin playing on his lips.
Karl's face reddened with a mix of anger and frustration.
"Aaahhhhh!" He lunged forward again, his fists aiming for Vaan's midsection. However, Vaan simply sidestepped, allowing Karl's punches to whiff through the air. With a swift pivot, Vaan landed a solid blow to Karl's back, sending him stumbling forward.
"You are honestly the weakest man I have seen, I mean, holy shit you are weak," Vaan commented.
This time, he was genuinely surprised. He wasn't expecting much from a bunch of nerds who have stuck their noses into books their entire lives, but this was nightmarish. How was Karl this weak? He didn't know shit about fighting, he was just randomly swinging his punch, heck he doesn't even keep his eyes open when he does that.
"You fucking bastard!"
Gritting his teeth, Karl spun around, fury blazing in his eyes. He swung a sweeping left hook, but Vaan seized the opportunity to demonstrate his agility. He ducked under the punch, his body moving fluidly, and countered with a well-timed uppercut that connected with Karl's chin.
"Ugghhh!"
The force of the blow stunned Karl, causing him to stagger a step back. Vaan didn't let up; he seized Karl's arm, using his momentum against him, and sent him crashing to the ground with a controlled throw.
"Aagghhh!!" Karl grunted as he arched his back in pain and gritted his teeth.
Vaan stood over him, an air of superiority radiating from him. "Come on, Punchbag, you've got to put more effort into it than that," he mocked, his tone laced with condescension.
"You are dead!"
Karl's frustration flared as he got back on his feet, his knuckles scraped and bloodied. He charged at Vaan with a renewed determination, his fists a blur as he unleashed a flurry of punches. Yet, Vaan's movements were like water, effortlessly evading each strike. He danced around Karl, his footwork precise and his reactions lightning-fast.
"Is this really all you've got? I thought you wanted revenge?
Did you really just tell yourself that you lost that day because I took you by surprise? Did that allow you to sleep at night? Oh wait, you didn't need anything to sleep, the pain from my punches should have been enough." Vaan's laughter echoed through, showing his sheer confidence in his skills.
He wasn't taking this seriously at all.
 Karl's patience wore thin, his anger propelling him forward. He threw a fierce punch, aiming directly for Vaan's face, but Vaan's grin only widened. In a breathtaking display of agility, Vaan swayed to the side, the punch grazing past his cheek. In the same motion, he delivered a swift kick to the back of Karl's knee, sending him tumbling to the ground once more.
"Aggh!"
Gasping for breath, Karl struggled to get up, his frustration now mingled with a growing sense of humiliation. He couldn't understand how Vaan was so effortlessly outmatching him. It was as if he was playing a game, toying with Karl's efforts.
Vaan's laughter pierced the air again, sharp and cutting. "You want me to close my eyes or something?" he said, his voice dripping with superiority. "Meh, I might fail to control my strength if I do that. That would be the end for a sissy like you.
I must say it though, this look of you kneeling on the ground, it suits you quite a lot.
You look exactly like the bitch you are.
Now start barking, the louder you bark, the less painful I'll make it."
"You son of a bitc- Uggghhhhh!!" Karl was about to curse out loud, but Vaan kicked the back of his hand with a roundhouse kick.
Karl fell down. Vaan then stepped over him and, "You should know when to shut up, Punchbag."
Then, Vaan made himself comfortable as he sat on Karl's chest and cracked his knuckles.
"How about we repeat what happened that way,
We even have a larger crowd this time."
"Wha-Ugghh!"
*Bam* *Bam* *Bam*
The Thrashing started.
Vaan continued to rain punches, aiming at Karl's face without mercy. Karl's face was already bloodied, the impact of Vaan's punches was heavy, each punch felt like a huge boulder was thrown at him, he was losing consciousness and there was nothing he could do to try and defend himself since his hands stuck down.
Karl could only helplessly take on these merciless punches or surrender.
Or…
Karl thought of another idea.
In anger, he glared at Vaan,
"Oh? You still have the balls to look at me with those eyes? Once I am done with you, your face will be so swollen that you won't even be able to open your eyes. I'll turn you into a Chinese Shit!"
Vaan shouted as he directly punched Karl's right eye.
"Uggghhh!!" Karl groaned in pain, with this punch, he had decided. Gritting his teeth in anger, his hand moved toward his pocket, he took something out, his Mana moved and,
*Buzz*
"AAGGGggGGGHhHHH!!!"
Time seemed to slow as the electric shock jolted through Vaan's body. His muscles tensed uncontrollably, and a searing pain coursed from his fingertips to his core. The sensation was like nothing he had ever experienced – a mix of intense burning and uncontrollable tremors.
Vaan's vision blurred, and he felt as if he were suspended in
a void of agony. The world around him became a blur of swirling colors. Karl
had used an Instant Spell, Lightning Blitz.
Vaan continued to scream in agony as his body convulsed, a puppet to the whims of the electricity that surged within him. Every fiber of his being screamed for release, for relief from the tormenting currents that held him captive. He wanted to cry out, to beg for mercy, but the electricity seemed to have stolen his voice.
And then, as suddenly as it began, the shock ended. Vaan collapsed to his knees, gasping for air, his body weak and trembling.
A wide grin appeared on Karl's face, he pushed Vaan's body away as he slowly stood up.
"That bastard!"
Orion, who saw this was enraged, he was about to rush towards the stage to end the battle and disqualify Karl since he went against the rules, but before he could do that, Astra grabbed his arm.
"What are you doing!? Unhand me this instant!"
Orion glared at Astra in anger.
"The battle isn't over."
Astra commented. There was no expression on her face, but that just made her even scarier.
Orion felt a strange jolt rushing through his body, he could feel it, his wife was enraged. Those black eyes as she observed the stage…
Orion's anger instantly flushed out as he gulped.
He simply sat down as he held Astra's hand and glanced at the stage. His eyes fell on his son's golden eyes.
Those eyes hadn't lost yet.
"Hahaha! What? Down with just one spell? Weren't you the one acting all mighty, bragging about how Instant Spells were allowed in the battle!? Why are you lying on the ground now huh!? C'mon, get up! I am a fair man, I'll give you a chance to get up!"
Karl laughed.
"You started it you bastard."
"Huh? What did you say?" Karl frowned.
But Vaan had already activated his Instant Spell.



Chapter 90 I am not a merciful owner
Vaan glared at Karl, his entire body was trembling due to the after-effects of the electric shock, he couldn't move as his nervous system was a mess, his eyes, however, were red in rage.
This was the second time he had been through a near-death experience since he came to this world and it was the exact same scenario as before.
Vaan was cursing himself for falling for the same trick again, he was angry at himself and all that anger, he decided to direct it all the man standing in front of him.
"You started it you bastard."
Vaan growled, his golden eyes shining intensely.
"Huh? What did you say?" Karl frowned.
Vaan's eyes weren't of someone who was struck with high-voltage electricity, those were the eyes of a beast who was about to chew down its enemy to the last muscle.
Karl was taken aback, seeing those eyes, a forbidding feeling enveloped him.
'He will kill me!' Fear crept over Karl's body, he had to end this here and now. Thinking that, he quickly activated another Instant Spell.
*Flicker*
A huge 30 cm Fire Ball formed over Karl's head. Yes, it was the same spell Roland used to hurt Vaan, the same spell that nearly killed Vaan and that was when Vaan defended himself in time by kicking Roland's hand away.
Right now, however, with Vaan's entire body electrolyzed and unmovable, Vaan was defenseless. Karl's had a crazy expression on his face, this was not a simple duel anymore.
Karl was planning to kill Vaan.
The audience widened their eyes in shock, everyone knew that this was not a smart move, however, before anyone could stop him, Karl had already shot the Spell towards Vaan.
*Whoosh*
*BOOOOOOOOM*
A huge explosion was heard.
Karl's entire body trembled as he saw the explosion right in front of his eyes.
He had done it.
He had actually done it.
"…"
The audience was absolutely silent.
They never thought they would be witnessing the death of a member of the Vesta Family. A direct descendant at that.
Everyone in the audience quickly turned towards Astra, this was definitely not going to end well. Whether he was from the Vesta Family or not, Karl was done for.
When Karl finally realized what he had done, his eyes widened in absolute horror and his entire body turned weak. He quickly turned towards Astra, his heart beating as loudly as it could, however, as his eyes fell on Astra, he froze.
Astra was simply looking at him with an emotionless expression, her face was no different than what it normally was, rather, it looked even calmer.
Even Orion, Astra's husband who was known for his sudden outbursts was simply sitting down without any change in his demeanor.
Orion's reason was simple, he had already accepted his role here, others may not see it but he could tell,
His wife's eyes meant destruction.
Something big was going to happen here and he needed to have a stable head to stop that from turning into a bigger mess.
As for his son's condition?
Well, Astra didn't react so Orion knew Vaan was absolutely safe.
And he was right.
Even with such a huge explosion, Vaan was completely fine.
"I told you, did I not? You were the one who started it."
 A voice was heard.
The smoke cleared up and seeing Vaan's standing as he looked into his eyes,
"!!!"
Karl's eyes widened in surprise.
He wasn't alone, everyone in the crowd had the same reaction as well. Especially the experienced mages sitting in the stadium, they weren't shocked that Vaan had survived, their eyes were fixed on the Transparent Veil that had covered Vaan's entire body.
It was his Instant Spell.
Diamond Veil.
The mages could recognize that Instant Spell the moment they saw it.
Vaan wasn't a fool either, being attacked by an Instant Spell, he had been in this situation before as well,
So he had done his own preparations.
Diamond Veil was one of the strongest Water-based Instant Spells, normally, this spell needs 70 Elemental Stones to work, something that no new Mage had access to, and even if some did, no fool would dare use all those Elemental Stones on a single Spell.
Even the Mages from the Mainline of the Vesta Family were the same.
Vaan, however, was different.
He had a cheat.
"Grruurr!!"
A little blue-haired Spirit with knowledge from the unknown realm, not only did Splashy reduce the cost of Spell to 40 Elemental Stones, but she also raised its strength to an even higher level.
She allowed Vaan to create a Defense Spell that no Basic Mage, the 4th Circle Mages included, could even make a scratch on, let alone, break.
With this Spell Cast, Vaan's defense was impenetrable. Whether it was the Instant Spells or the Strongest Spells they used, breaking through Diamond Veil's defense was absolutely impossible.
"Grruurr!"
And right now, little Splashy was angry and was glaring at Karl with absolute hatred in her eyes. The water around her was boiling, her blue hair was floating in the air, she looked like that if she could, she would have destroyed that human in front of her.
Honestly, the current Splashy didn't suit her calm water element at all, she looked more like a Fire Spirit.
As for the Fire Spirit, Flamey, she was flying around Vaan with a worried look on her face.
"He cheated…"
Vaan, who was feeling a bit better after using 'Heal' Instant Spell on him, glanced and Flamey and chuckled.
"Guurrur!"
Suddenly, before Flamey could say anything, Splashy appeared in front of Vaan, her eyes filled with rage, Splashy then created a miniature, 10 cm tall Karl in the air, and before Vaan could be surprised about how perfect that sculpture was,
*Bam*
Its head burst apart.
"Gurr!"
Splashy called out.
"You… You want me to kill him…?" Vaan was shocked. This was the same little spirit who was all nervous when she first met him.
Splashy nodded her head. She pointed at Karl and,
"Guurr! Grruu! Grruu!!"
Splashy was extremely angry, and Vaan, who saw her getting angry in his stead couldn't help but smile.
His eyes then fell on Karl, who still couldn't make sense out of this situation and,
"I hope you are prepared for the consequences, punchbag."
Karl gulped, Vaan's horrifying smile… this was the first time he saw something like that… This man was not the Vaan he knew. He was not the same pushover.
Karl realized it, but it was too late.
*Step*
Vaan stepped towards Karl.
"Y-You! Stop spouting bullshit! There are no consequences!" Karl shouted.
*Flicker*
Another Fireball appeared on top of his head and he shot it at Vaan.
*BOOOOOOM*
Another explosion was heard.
*Step* *Step* *Step*
However, before the flames of the explosion even died out, Vaan walked out.
Again, there was not a single scratch on his entire body.
There was just that demonic smile plastered on his face.
"You should use any stronger spells you have, Punchbag.
Because I won't be pulling my punches once I start."
Vaan spoke as he took out his next instant spell for Karl to see.
It was Vaan's public declaration,
'I will use Instant Spells to destroy you.'
Karl was scared, in fear, he quickly turned towards the Host and,
"I Surrender! This Duel, I lost! Quickly announce the results and end it!"
Karl shouted, giving up before Vaan could attack him.
Vaan, however, just smiled.
"Hey! What are you doing!? Why aren't you announcing the results!?
I ALREADY SURRENDERED!"
Karl screamed, the Host, however, simply glanced at Vaan, waiting for his order.
"Huh…"
Karl couldn't believe it.
"You really thought you could run away huh…"
Vaan chuckled.
There was a smile on his face, however, his eyes weren't smiling.
"Prepare your defense spell, Punchbag. I want to see you suffe-"
"Young Master Vaan!"
Suddenly, a loud voice from the crowd was heard.
Vaan turned around with a frown on his face, his eyes falling on a middle-aged man who was standing on his seat.
"F-Father…" Karl called out.
Yes, that man was Karl's father.
"Young Master Vaan!" Karl's father called out again, then, he bowed his head and,
"I am a 5th Circle Mage who works for the Vesta Family! My son is a fool who does not know his limits, Young Master Vaan, however, is a forgiving and big person, I hope Young Master Vaan overlooks my foolish son's mistake and spares him,
If he does, I swear with my Magic on the line that I will always be loyal to Young Master Vaan and will do whatever he tells me to!"
Karl's father announced.
The Mages in the audience were taken aback again. A 5th Circle Mage working for the Vesta Family… if someone like him swore Loyalty to Vaan, his status would increase to another level. Heck, he might even join back the Battle of Heirs. He had already won the duel, he would be getting the rewards, it was a deal where Vaan had nothing to lose.
However,
"Are you saying that if I spare your son, you are willing to be my dog just like I said before?"
Vaan questioned without even looking at Karl's father. His eyes were fixed on Karl, that wide smile as he looked at his reaction while waiting for his father's reply, Karl clenched his fists in anger.
His father, on the other hand, just kept his head down.
"Yes, I will be your Dog…"
He knew the stakes. He knew his son had messed up and he had messed up badly.
In this situation, Pride was useless.
People like them could only bow their heads.
Hearing his father's reply, Karl closed his eyes.
He wanted to say something, he wanted to stop his father from embarrassing himself in front of all these people, however,
He was scared for his life.
Even though he was angry and frustrated, he still wanted to live.
However,
"A 5th Circle Mage as a Dog huh…
That sure sounds interesting…"
Vaan muttered.
But then, a crazy smile appeared on his face and,
"But your son can't live, Dog.
He already lost that chance when he used the Instant Spell on me.
I am not a merciful owner."
Vaan spoke and,
*BOOOOOOOOM*



Chapter 91 It seems people had forgotten who I used to be
"Your son cannot be allowed to live, Dog. He already lost that chance when he used the Instant Spell on me.
I am not a merciful owner."
Vaan spoke and,
*BOOOOOOOOM*
A huge explosion was heard.
Vaan had fired his Instant Spell.
'Ignispike Pursuit'
And Vaan didn't end it there. He wasn't planning on repeating the same mistake he made when he was against Ronald. His family was Upright, Just, and whatever, he understood why they were like that and their reasoning, however,
Vaan was still Vaan.
The future benefits of having others fight for them, he understood them, however, Vaan was a short-sighted gangster and he wanted Karl dead.
Without any 'discussions' and to do that,
*Flicker*
'Instant Burn.'
A dangerous spell that burns the enemy to his death.
"AAAAAAAGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!"
Karl screamed in agony as those flames burned his entire body.
Ignispike Pursuit attacked his chest, Instant Burn, however, was burning his entire body. Karl rolled his body, trying to get rid of flames and save himself, however, Instant Burn was simply too strong.
"YOU BASTARD!!"
On the other hand, Karl's father, whom Vaan ignored and attacked Karl was enraged. Unable to control his anger, 5 Magic Circles appeared around him, his hair floated in the air as the wind in the surroundings started moving unnaturally, a 10-meter-long wind spike formed in front of him, the spike was surrounded by strong wind currents.
It was Karl's Father's strongest spell, Windreaper's Torrent.
A spell strong enough to tear a normal man's body into pieces, giving him one of the most painful deaths possible. It was also a spell that was strong enough to penetrate most of the defenses, the chances of Vaan's Diamond Veil were high.
Vaan could sense that as well, a 10-meter huge spike with those wind currents surrounding it, he could clearly sense the strength behind that spell.
The strongest Spell of a 5th Circle Mage, there was no way he could defend against it.
"How dare you attack my son!?" Karl's father roared in anger, then,
*Whoosh*
The Torrent moved and shot towards Vaan.
Vaan covered his eyes out of instinct, his life flashed through his eyes. The Spell moved toward Vaan, the unnatural wind that moved his hair and clothes made him realize that death was close, Vaan prepared himself for the collision, however,
"…"
The 'collision' never happened.
The unnatural wind Vaan felt around him died down, confused, he opened his eyes and realized that the spell had stopped right in front of him. It was barely 10 cm away.
Vaan's heart was beating quickly, even though the spell had stopped, seeing a 10-meter spike right in front of his eyes was a horrifying experience, it was no different than having a shotgun pointed out at you, no, it was even scarier, rather than a shotgun, it was more like a missile.
Slowly, Vaan glanced at Karl's Father, he wanted to see why he stopped, Karl's father, however, had a frown on his face, it was as if he couldn't make sense out of this situation.
"Attacking my son out in the open, you sure have balls, Sidwig."
Then, a calm voice was heard.
Vaan, who recognized his mother's voice turned to look at her, but then, his eyes widened in surprise.
 "S-She is flying!"
Someone in the crowd pointed out.
Astra was flying in the air and she looked down from above, she looked like a goddess looking down on the entire world. People who were witnessing that scene felt an urge to bow their heads and kneel down.
Karl's father, Sidwig, on the other hand, had paled in fear.
He finally realized what he had done in a fit of his anger.
"L-L-Lady As-Astra." He stuttered.
Astra, however, simply flicked her hand, the huge 10-meter Spike that horrified Vaan disappeared in an instant. Then Astra moved her hand again and pointed at Sidwig.
"!!!"
To his horror, Sidwig felt his entire body move, he tried to resist however, he was already in the air.
His and the crowd's eyes widened in shock as Sidwig's body flew into the air and moved towards Astra.
"I have been too lenient these days, haven't I? It seems people had forgotten who I used to be."
Astra commented, her tone and calm expression gave an impression that she wasn't bothered by these events, her black eyes, however, were different.
They were a little too calm.
To the point that it felt like they were… horrifyingly calm…
"L-Lady Astra. P-Please forgive me."
Sidwig begged for mercy. His entire body trembled in fear as he recalled some memories most of the people in the Vesta Family had buried in their hearts.
The Astra before Young Master Vaan was born.
The Horrifying Demon who wouldn't spare even her Blood Siblings.
The woman who with her insane magic talent gained power and support in the family, then used her advantage to thoroughly crush her siblings' attempts to get into the Battle of Heirs.
Yes, there was no 'Battle of Heirs' when Astra became the Family Head, that was because other than her, there was no competitor, she had crushed them and their factions. It was not just a figure of speech, Astra actually did crush all the factions who dared to stand against her, even going as far as spilling blood if she had to and she did all that with these exact same, horrifyingly calm eyes.
Astra was a tyrant. A horrifyingly emotionless and powerful tyrant who only calmed down after she met the love of her life and gave birth to her child.
Today, however, Sidwig could see those familiar eyes again.
Those eyes he saw all those years ago, at that time, he was only someone who had recently gotten into the Vesta Family because of his Magic Talent, even though he had no relation to those eyes whatsoever, he still feared them, today, however, those same eyes were directed at him.
"P-Please forgive me, I h-have made a g-grave mi-mistake. If you g-give me a chance, I will a-atone for my sins, I will serve Young Master Vaan with all my heart and soul. P-Please, Lady Astra, I have been loyal to the Vesta Family for 25 years, please forgive me."
Sidwig begged for mercy, trying to play the loyalty card to get out of this situation.
"Eliza."
Suddenly, Astra called out.
"At your command, Lady Astra."
A shadow appeared on the stage, kneeling next to Vaan. Vaan stepped back in surprise, he couldn't understand how this woman wearing black clothes just appeared out of thin air.
'Is she a ghost or something?' he wondered in his head. However, before he could think too much, he heard Astra's voice.
"What is the punishment for interrupting the Magic Duel between 2 mages?"
"Imprisonment in the Vesta Prison for 10 years, Lady Astra."
"What is the punishment for supporting someone who broke the rules of a Magic Duel?"
"Imprisonment for 4 years."
"Punishment for using Magic Spell on one of the duelists."
"8 Years."
Astra then glanced at Sidwig and,
"Punishment for attacking the direct descendent of the Vesta Family with the aim of taking his life."
"Public Execution, Lady Astra."
Eliza replied and as her voice echoed through the crowd, no one dared to speak even a single word.
"Lady Astra, please forgiv-"
Sidwig tried to beg for forgiveness, but then, he felt his vision spitting, words stopped coming out of his mouth, a frown appeared on his face as he couldn't understand what was happening, then finally,
The pain kicked in.
Sidwig's body was vertically split into two pieces.
Everything happened so fast that he didn't even get the chance to scream and his 'body' fell on the ground.
*Thud* *Thud*
Vaan was horrified.
He had seen many deaths in his previous life, death from bruises, knives, guns, and even shotguns, this one, however, was the scariest.
A 5th Circle Mage, a mage who can be the head of a normal Magic Family was killed like this without any resistance whatsoever.
And the woman who did it,
"Clean it up."
She simply ordered and walked towards Vaan.
"Are you okay?" She questioned.
Her tone still had that eerie calmness, however, Vaan could feel his mother's worry.
"Well I have the strongest mage protecting me, how could anything possibly happen to me?" Vaan chuckled.
"Your abnormal heartbeat doesn't seem to have the same opinion."
"I did witness a murder right before my eyes, after all."
Vaan replied as he glanced at Eliza, who was 'cleaning up' as she was ordered to.
"A murderer shouldn't be saying that," Astra spoke back, her eyes on Karl's charred body.
She didn't need someone else to check it, that boy was dead.
"You even made sure to kill him before anyone could stop you."
"I had bad memories of being interrupted last time."
"Heh, you really are my son." Astra shook her head as she chuckled.
"Was there any doubt in that?
I have Astra in my name."
Astra ruffled Vaan's hair, a beautiful smile could be seen on her face.
"Medics, thoroughly check his body and heal him."
Then, she turned towards the crowd and,
"The next battle will start in an hour.
As for today's incident,
Treat it like a warning.
Repeat this again and it won't end with just some tools being scraped."



Chapter 92 Our Vaan has finally shown his Magic Talent
"The next battle will start in an hour.
As for today's incident,
Treat it like a warning.
Repeat this again and it won't end with just some tools being scraped."
Astra spoke as she narrowed her eyes. She didn't point anyone out, her words even confused most of the people sitting in the audience.
Repeat this? Tools? A Warning?
Most people felt lost, however, the real culprits, the people to whom those words were directed at, they understood Astra's message clearly.
All the factions playing different games, Astra had openly warned them all.
Her killing a 5th Circle Mage in front of everyone without any hearing wasn't just her moving recklessly out of anger, it was a calculated move. A show of power. She was showing that even though they played all these games and spent days and nights coming up with different strategies, she was the one who held the actual power.
'I can still be the one who you all feared.
Don't make me prove myself.'
*Gulp*
A few mages sitting in the crowd gulped as they glanced at each other. They wouldn't dare to say it out loud however, they definitely saw Astra looking into their eyes as if she knew everything they had done.
'I will be leaving the faction…'
One of the mages made his decision. He was okay with not being able to climb up the ranks faster than his ability allowed him to, dying pointlessly while going against someone who held the actual power was foolish.
'I will be doing the same…'
His companion, who was sitting in a completely opposite direction looked at him and nodded.
A strange silence fell over the crowd.
Even Vaan couldn't understand what her mother was talking about. Wasn't this just a challenge he arranged? It was just one of the ways he came up with to get his hands on some spells, why did it feel like it was getting more complicated than he expected?
Vaan glanced at the rest of the challengers,
They were all horrified.
How could they not be? They just witnessed the two deaths right in front of their eyes. They were just here to get their hands on those elemental stones and defeat the child of the Vesta Family.
They never thought one of the challengers would be losing their lives.
"Young Master Vaan, please follow me."
While Vaan was observing the rest of the challengers, a Medic came to him and spoke.
Vaan glanced at his mother, Astra nodded, Vaan nodded back and followed the Medic.
Astra flew back to her seat and the Challenge came to a sudden halt.
A one-hour break in which Vaan was being treated by the Medics while the rest of the challengers waited for him.
The audience's boredom was visible, sitting in the same place for an hour doing absolutely nothing was obviously not a fun activity,
None, however, dared to voice these thoughts out since Astra sat on her seat, with her solemn eyes and hands crossed.
The pressure from her presence alone was overwhelming. Not to mention those burned marks on the stage that were still not cleaned yet gave a continuous reminder of what happened just a few minutes ago, making the audience not utter a single word.
Time passed slowly, the people in the audience didn't move even though there was nothing to do.
An hour finally passed by, and Vaan returned.
This time, rather than looking at him, the Host glanced at Astra, Astra nodded, and only then did the host start,
"The Wait is finally over people, Young Master Vaan is finally back and we hope that he has returned with his condition as good as when he started.
 Now, without further ado, let's continue with the rest of the Challenge.
After Karl Vesta, the next Challenger challenging Young Master Vaan is Isolde Nightfire!
Challenger Isolde, please step forward!"
The Host announced. The crowd finally cheered up, ready to see some action, however,
"I surrender."
Isolde gave up.
He was too scared to continue.
It was not just Karl's death, Eldric's fate wasn't much better either. When Vaan was done with him, his face was all bruised up, most of his teeth were broken, his eyes were swollen and he could barely open them, and his nose wasn't in the best condition either.
Isolde had prepared himself when he came here, he knew he would people get injured in the battle between mages, but this?
What kind of mage punches people up to the point where their face is unrecognizable!?
What was this thug-like behavior!? Where is the dignity of a mage? Where is that studious, gentle, fearsome but dependable image the rest of the mages had created? Why was this Vaan so different than others!?
Was he insane!?
Isolde wasn't a fool, he didn't have any intentions of getting beaten up by that crazy bastard. He would rather give up.
Of course, the people in the crowd booed for him, he, however, didn't care. He couldn't care less about these commoners, if they were that brave, they should step up and fight that crazy bastard. He wasn't interested.
"Oi, you know you still have to give your Spell Directory to me even if you surrender, right?"
Vaan questioned as he narrowed his eyes.
"Yes, Young Master Vaan, I know that," Isolde answered respectfully.
Vaan narrowed his eyes for a moment, then, he just shrugged.
"Whatever.
Just know that you are a pussy."
Isolde's mouth twitched, however, he knew it was better to stay silent right now.
"Tsk."
Vaan snorted, disappointed that he couldn't beat one extra person.
He then glanced at the announcer.
The next Mage was then called out. Unlike Isolde, he didn't give up, he stood against Vaan with a brave look on his face, however, as a normal 2nd Circle Mage, he stood no chance against Vaan's advanced magic circles.
Vaan had a total of 4 extra Inner Circles, which was a huge advantage that boosted his strength to another level.
Not to mention Elara had packed him up with all her knowledge.
A complete knowledge of Vesta Family Head's Student, combined with his own Magic Circles, Vaan just couldn't lose.
Soon, his opponent's cheek met his punch. His opponent then gave up and the battle ended.
Vaan had won again.
Then again,
And then again.
The challenge had ended.
Vaan had defeated all the challengers, his extreme battle style was different than most of the mages, however, his strength was a real deal.
The impact Vaan made today was strong.
Now, he was not a waste of the Vesta Family anymore, he was the son of the Head of the Vesta Family, a man who researched new, much stronger Magic Circles, and a prospering Mage who overpowered his opponent to the point where they could not fight back.
…
"Astra!"
The Challenge had ended. It was Vaan's complete victory. Vaan was currently collecting his rewards from the challenge, Astra, on the other hand, was visited by two people.
"Brother, Sister, it has been a while since the two of you visited me together."
Astra spoke with a small smile on her face as she glanced at the people who barged into her room.
It was Astra's Blood Siblings, Draven Elysia Vesta, and Risia Elysia Vesta.
Both of them had just received the news about what happened in the challenge and the first thing they did was rush in and talk to Astra.
"How could we not come here? We just heard something unbelievable." Risia spoke up.
"What are you talking about, Sister?" Astra questioned.
"Don't try to act your way out of it, Astra. We heard it all, Vaan researched an Advanced Magic Circle with 6 Inner Circles instead of 4! How can you hide something like that from us?"
"But I did not hide it from anyone, Sister. I told Vaan to publish that Circle officially." Astra replied.
"What? Publish it? That is a revolutionary Magic Circle and it was our Vaan who discovered it! How can you just publish it and be done with it? You should have thrown a big party! Our Vaan has finally shown his Magic Talent, he is finally getting serious about his Magic Studies, and just like you predicted, his talent in Magic Research has never been seen before. He would definitely become one of the greatest Magic Scholars who will be a big asset to our family!
His name will be written down in our history books!" Risia spoke up with an excited look on her face. Draven had a similar expression on his face as well.
"Hahaha~ I am glad to see you being this enthusiastic." Astra just smiled.
The hidden meaning behind Risia's words, she could understand them, however, she decided not to react to them right now.
For now, she just waited for these snakes of her brother and sister to reveal their true faces.
"Anyways, have you learned Vaan's Magic Circle yet?"
Risia questioned, the greed in her eyes couldn't be hidden anymore.



Chapter 93 I fell for her trap
"Anyways, have you learned Vaan's Magic Circle yet?"
Risia questioned, the greed in her eyes couldn't be hidden anymore.
Astra narrowed her eyes as she glanced at her siblings.
This was better.
They were finally being honest about their intentions. Astra felt like vomiting when she saw those fake smiles on her siblings' faces. This greedy look was what suited them the most.
"I have bought a copy of the Theory he published and am working on understanding the principles behind it. I have not yet succeeded though."
Astra replied.
"Hahaha~ Why would you buy the theory when you have the publisher right next to you? I was wondering why the mother and son have been meeting so often these days,
Well now I know~"
Risia spoke with a playful smile on her face.
Just like Astra, Risia had black hair as well, she inherited her father's blue eyes instead of Elysia's black eyes, however, the combination of Black hair and Blue eyes gave her a unique charm. Risia was a beautiful lady, her heart, however… wasn't the same.
She was capable of spouting poisonous words with a big smile on her face and people always found difficulty in knowing her true intentions until she revealed them.
Of course, Astra wasn't one of those people, she could read her elder sister like an open book.
"Well, the perks of having a good son I guess."
Astra smiled playfully as she looked into Risia's eyes.
Risia's mouth twitched, her fake expression almost fell off when she heard Astra's reply.
"Hahaha~ It is great to have a Scholarly Genius as your son. I wonder when his Aunt gets the chance to take advantage of having a great nephew as well."
"Vaan is a bit busy these days, so I would like if you respect his boundaries," Astra spoke.
Her words sounded that of a request, from her tone, however, Risia understood, it was an order.
'Stay away from my child.'
Of course, Risia never expected it to be that easy.
She knew perfectly well about how protective Astra was when it came to her son, heck she just heard about the incident proving that just a while ago.
To think this woman would kill a Mage out in the open like that…
And to think that no one in the family would have the balls to oppose it…
Risia couldn't help but sigh as she saw just how strong of an influence Astra had in the family.
Even after all the faction games they have played to slowly and steadily gather forces and raise their influence, one move from Astra and the hierarchy was clear again.
"Of course. I understand that the Elemental Clash is coming right ahead, Vaan must be looking forward to participating in it, and from what I have heard, I am sure that the chances of him winning this year are high."
"He still needs to work hard, Elemental Clash isn't the same as this little game he held," Astra replied.
"You are just being a strict mother now." Risia waved her hand as she chuckled, then,
"I believe contributing to the Family is much more important for Vaan's current position right now. He has been on the receiving end for all these years, now he finally has the chance to return it all.
His Magic Circle will be of great help to the Family, if we 7th Circle Mages adapt to his Circle and increase our strength, those people lurking in the shadows, trying to aim for our family would back away.
Heck, it would even give us an advantage in that messy situation.
I strongly believe this is much more important than any annual tournament."
Risia spoke up.
"I agree with her." This time, Draven jumped in as well.
 "Astra, if we can get Vaan to help us adapt to his Magic Circle, I am not saying every day, just once a week would be enough, it would be a great way to raise our family's strength.
And it won't just be a temporary rise in our strength, Vaan would be writing the start of a new era. An Era where Magic isn't looked down upon anymore and since this all started under your rule, your name would be written down in the Vesta History, you would be known as the Greatest Family Head there was, right after Ancestor Alienora."
Draven explained the excitement in his eyes couldn't be hidden.
"Oh? You want Vaan to personally help everyone?" Astra questioned with a curious look on her face.
"He can take a class for the selected few." Draven nodded.
"And who would these selected few be?"
"All the 7th Circle Mages and the children from the direct lineage of the family."
"Even the children?" Astra raised her eyebrow.
"For the stronger next generation, I believe adding the children into this is essential. There is no point in just us old folks getting stronger. We need to think about the future of the Family."
"Would your children be included in those selected few?" Astra questioned with a curious smile on her face.
"They are part of direct lineage, I think it is only fair if we add them."
Draven replied.
"So Vaelen and Lirael would be included in it as well," Astra commented.
"Those kids are the strongest of our younger generation, Astra. We have to include them, they are the ones who will take care of our family once we are gone. Of course, we have to include them." Draven spoke as if it was the most obvious thing in the world.
"That is what I am saying, brother, Vaelen and Lirael are both 5th Circle Mages, they have both broken through the Basic Level and have become Intermediate Mages.
The two of them are far ahead of Vaan and you want Vaan to teach them his Advanced Circle?
If they adapt to that Circle, then how is Vaan supposed to contend against them in the Battle of Heirs?"
Astra questioned directly.
This time, however, instead of being intimidated, Draven narrowed his eyes,
"You are thinking about the Battle of Heirs when the fate of our family depends on this?"
Even Risia looked into Astra's eyes, adding to the pressure.
Astra, of course, just snorted,
"Fate of our Family? I didn't know our family was in such a desperate position where we have to force our children to reveal their secrets.
Draven Elysia Vesta, where are you getting this information from? I can't believe I, as the Family Head, couldn't see this threat."
"Astra, you know full well that the level new Generation of the Vesta Family is not satisfactory. Your Pupil is talented, however, she does not have Vesta Blood. We have to take desperate actions.
How are we going to hold up against the enemies if we do-"
"I am still here."
Astra raised her voice.
"I am not dead yet, Draven. As long as I stand, nothing shall happen to the Vesta Family."
Her aura changed, the pressure coming from her tone started overwhelming her two siblings, Astra was 31 and 23 years younger than Draven and Risia respectively, but even then, her current aura still suffocated the two siblings as they couldn't help but gulp.
"I appreciate you two coming here and sharing your vision, however,
Do not teach me how to rule my Family.
If you two dare approach or pressure him in any way, you will be facing a biased Family Head who is thinking and moving as a partial mother.
Draven, I have already warned you once before, you know full well I don't give many warnings, I will ignore what you did with the matter regarding Karl and his father, this will be my last consideration as your sister.
Pull a stunt like that again and I will destroy you and your faction.
And this time, Mother won't be coming to save your life."
Astra warned and Draven widened his eyes in shock.
She knew.
This woman knew everything he did but didn't stop him.
Draven finally realized the truth.
This woman used her own son as bait, she already knew what he had arranged and prepared accordingly. That was the reason she decided to come and watch the challenge herself. She was ready to protect Vaan from the beginning.
It was all Astra's plan to put herself 'in the right'.
Now she had to 'reason' to move against him.
One move and the next time, Astra would 'find out' about the real truth behind the Karl's incident and would have the 'reason' to take official action against him.
'That's why she said Mother won't be able to save my life…
I fell for her trap.'
Draven clenched his fists as the realization struck in.
"I believe Mother would want to strengthen the Vesta Family."
Suddenly, Risia spoke up.
She gathered her guts as she glanced at her little sister and,
"Rather than selfishly thinking about himself, Vaan should be strengthening his Family when he has the means to do it.
That is how a Family grows.
The Battle of Heirs was arranged to push the children to their limits and strengthen them, hiding knowledge and intentionally pushing others behind for your own benefit would simply destroy the family.
And that is something that cannot happen.



Chapter 94 Are you prepared to face the consequences
"The Battle of Heirs was arranged to push the children to their limits and strengthen them, hiding knowledge and intentionally pushing others behind for your own benefit would simply destroy the family.
And that is something that cannot happen."
Risia spoke as she looked into Astra's eyes.
Astra narrowed her eyes. Then, a small smile appeared on Risia's face and,
"We can go talk to Mother about this, let's see what she has to say about this.
Or better, let's have all the Advance Mages of the Family meet up and ask for their opinion.
We Advance Mages are the backbone of the family, I am sure the Family Head would consider our opinion, correct?"
The greed in Risia's eyes couldn't be more apparent.
This time, she knew she had the momentum, the mages of the Family were loyal to Astra, especially the 7th Circle Mages, those were the Mages Astra had been targeting ever since she was young, other than them, Risia and Draven didn't have a single 7th Circle Mage in their faction.
This was the reason why Astra's influence in the Family was so strong.
Right now, however, things were different. Curiosity and the drive to improve oneself was something that was common in all mages. The stronger the mage, the stronger their thirst for knowledge and magic.
There were even cases of Mages taking extreme steps just to satiate their curiosity. Vaan's Advanced Magic Circle, that was like a piece of lamb amidst starving beasts.
Even the Loyal 7th Circle Mages would be siding against Astra just to get their hands on this knowledge.
Astra may be the Family Head, however, with all the Advance Mages of the Family pressuring her, even she would have to give in.
This Advanced Knowledge, there was no way Astra would be able to keep it all to herself. This time, Risia had won. Astra had no way of guarding her son's secret.
Or… that was what Risia thought.
"Let's do it."
Suddenly, Astra spoke up.
"Huh?" Risia frowned.
However, before she could react,
*Snap*
Astra snapped her fingers and one by one, Mages covered in shadows started appearing in the room.
One, two, three…
Four, five six…
Eleven, Twelve Thirteen…
Soon, Eighteen 7th Circle Mages appeared in the room and surrounded Astra and her siblings. Draven and Risia widened their eyes in disbelief.
They knew the Family had many hidden 7th Circle Mages…
But 18…?
This was more than the total number of 7th Circle Mages they knew about!
And all these mages were hidden…
They, the children of the previous Family Head had never seen them before!
"So, 'the Backbone of the Vesta Family', let me ask you, do you wish to go against my decision and have Vaan personally teach you his Advance Magic Circle?"
In an authoritative tone, Astra glanced at the Mages surrounding her and questioned.
"We do not, Lady Astra.
Young Master Vaan was already gracious enough to reveal his research to the entire world even though he could have kept it hidden, we could not ask for more."
 A collective answer was heard.
Draven and Risia gulped as they saw eighteen 7th Circle Mages answering in tandem, showing absolute obedience in front of their little sister.
"Not all the Advance Mages of our Family are here, but these are the majority. Even if the rest of the Advance Mages vote in favor of your suggestion, you still wouldn't have enough votes.
So let's not bother others for something that is already decided, okay?"
Astra commented.
"…"
"…"
The two siblings gulped. They couldn't believe what they were seeing right now. They had already given up on competing with Astra for the position of the Family Head because they knew Astra's influence was too strong for them to defeat her.
This, however, was something on an entirely different level.
She had 18 Advance Mages absolutely loyal to her! Astra could practically do anything in the Family and with these 18 Advance Mages siding with her, the votes would always be in her favor.
This woman was no different than a tyrant!
Astra then walked towards Risia. Then, a scary smile appeared on her face and,
"As for going to the Mother,
Let us go and have a talk with her,
But keep this in your mind,
If we go there, I will reveal all my cards.
I'll do everything in my power to have her support me or…
Not support you.
Are you prepared to face the consequences?"
Risia's expression changed. She understood what Astra was hinting at.
'How did she…?'
Risia couldn't understand. She was absolutely sure she hid it from others, Astra shouldn't know about it, where did she mess up?
Risia started thinking, however, seeing Astra still staring at her, her mind froze.
Thinking about it was pointless, Astra knew her secret, she knew something no one should know, and Astra revealed it to Mother…
Risia desperately shook her head. Not even wanting to think about that possibility.
"I-I was merely t-thinking about the Family, but if so many mages are against my suggestion, then I believe the decision is already made.
There is no need to bother Mother with something as insignificant as this." Risia replied.
"I am glad we came to a unanimous decision."
Astra smiled.
"I share your sentiments…" A weak smile appeared on Risia's face.
"Anyways, since we have come to a decision, I shouldn't bother you anymore."
"Take care of your health, Sister." Astra chuckled.
"Y-You too." Risia nodded as she quickly turned around.
Draven followed her sister out as well.
As the two left, Astra's expression changed,
"Keep an eye on her."
She ordered.
"As you command, Lady Astra."
2 of the 18 mages disappeared.
"You all are excused."
The rest of the Mages disappeared, everyone except one woman.
"What is it, Eliza?" Astra questioned.
"I wanted to report this to Lady Astra before taking any action," Eliza spoke, from her tone, it was clear that it was something important.
"I am listening."
…
"V-Vaan, t-this is…"
"Don't move, Elara. I am hurt and the Medic told me not to move my body much. I need proper rest."
"T-T-Then you should u-use a pillow…"
"It is much more comfortable this way. Let me stay like this, I feel like I am healing much faster than normal in this position."
In Vaan's room, Vaan had placed his head on Elara's lap, Elara was obviously extremely embarrassed, her face was completely red, she wanted to get away, however, with Vaan pulling out the 'I am hurt' card, she stayed still.
If he could heal faster like this… then she would stay like this…
It didn't feel that weird either…
Rather, Elara felt a strange sensation in her heart as she saw Vaan resting on her lap. Her hand automatically moved towards Vaan's purple hair and she started gently ruffling them.
A small smile appeared on Vaan's face.
His eyes then fell on two adorable little creatures sleeping in his chest and his smile widened even further.
This life…
It was just too comfortable. Vaan was getting more and more attached.
'Alright alright, no more raising any dumb flags.'
Vaan inwardly shook his head. Then, he looked at Elara and smiled.
Elara smiled back with a blush on her face and stopped ruffling Vaan's hair.
Vaan chuckled and closed his eyes, making himself comfortable on his fiance's lap.
*Knock* *Knock*
"Young Master Vaan, your rewards from the challenge are here."
Suddenly, Vaan and Elara heard Gabel's voice.
"Come in," Vaan ordered.
"!!!" Elara widened her eyes in surprise. She wanted to move away, Vaan however, just stared at her and,
"I can't move, remember?" he whispered.
Elara was stuck. Gabel then walked into the room, he momentarily paused as he saw the two lying on the bed, however, when he saw Vaan glaring at him for looking more than required, he closed his eyes as he coughed and,
"Here are your rewards, Young Master. A total of 6 Spell Directories of all the mages you defeat."
"Huh? 6?"
Vaan frowned in confusion.
"How did you get 6 Directories, Karl is…"
"The challengers were asked to submit their directories before the start of the Magic Duels."
Gable answered.
"Ahh." Vaan nodded in understanding.
"That is good. I thought I missed out on the Spell Directory of a 3rd Circle Mage, Hahaha~ Guess it all worked out."
Vaan laughed out loud.
"I still do not understand why Young Master Vaan is looking for Spell Directories of other Mages. Not to mention Karl was a Wind Mage, Young Master Vaan doesn't even have an affinity with the Wind Element."
Gabel spoke out his thoughts.
"One can always put things to use."
Vaan smiled mysteriously.
"E-Even I believe Spell Directories of Wind and Earth Mages is useless for you," Elara spoke.
"Is it because I have no affinity with those elements?" Vaan questioned with a playful smile on his face. Elara, however, shook her head,
"No, even if Young Mas- I m-mean, even if you did have affinity with those two elements, you won't need Spell Directories of other mages since you already have the best possible Mage ready to help you."
"Hmm?" Vaan frowned but after thinking for a moment, he finally realized.
"Mother…"
"That is correct, with Teacher Astra on your sid-"
Elara wanted to answer, but then,
"Vaan, we need to talk."
Astra's voice was heard.



Chapter 95 Only fools stay on a sinking boat
"Vaan, we need to talk."
Astra spoke as she walked into Vaan's room. Her eyes then fell on her Pupil and her Son and,
"Oh?"
She raised her eyebrow.
Then, a playful smile appeared on her face and,
"I didn't know you two got this close." She commented, her eyes fixed on her Pupil.
"T-T-Teacher! I-It is not w-what you th-"
"It is exactly as you think, Mother."
Elara's face turned red. She panicked when she realized the position she was in in front of her Teacher, her first reaction was to deny everything at come up with an excuse, however, before she could say anything, Vaan jumped in.
"V-V-Vaan!"
Elara shouted.
"What?" Vaan tilted his head in confusion as he looked into Elara's eyes. Seeing him looking at her like that, Elara was at a loss for words.
"This feels so comfortable~" Vaan muttered as he changed his position, making himself more comfortable on his fiancé's lap.
Elara's face turned as red as a tomato, her eyes continuously moving between Vaan, who had closed his eyes and was enjoying the moment, and Astra, who was looking at the scene in front of her with the biggest smile on her face.
She was the captain of the Vaan Elara Ship, and she always knew Elara was the perfect one for Vaan, and seeing her idiot son finally making some move on the best girl there was, Astra felt proud.
Just look at how adorable that girl was, blushing and panicking in front of her as if she had been caught doing something wrong.
Astra couldn't help but chuckle thinking how this was the same girl who always took the blame for her idiotic son's mistake and whenever she did, she stood against her confidently, even willing to go as far as taking punishment in Vaan's stead.
Well, as much as Astra was enjoying this situation, especially her future daughter-in-law's reaction, right now, she was here for something else.
"Gabel, Keep the Spell Directories here and leave."
Astra ordered.
"As you command, Lady Astra." Gable did what he was ordered and quickly walked out of the room.
Astra then turned towards Elara and smiled,
"Elara, would you please step out for a moment? I need to have a conversation with Vaan."
"T-Teacher, Vaan is hurt, I-I cannot move…" Elara replied with a nervous look on her face.
"Huh?"
Astra frowned in confusion.
Then, she glanced at her son, who was avoiding her eyes and Astra finally understood.
'How can you lie to this angel?' Astra used sound magic.
Vaan avoided her eyes.
Astra sighed, then, he sat on the bed next to Elara and,
"Don't worry, I will take care of him."
Elara glanced at Astra for a while, then she gently lifted Vaan's head from her lap, Astra placed her leg in place of Elara and gently placed Vaan's head on it. Astra then started ruffling her son's hair.
"I apologize for interrupting your private moment," Astra spoke as she glanced at Elara.
"No! No! You do not have to apologize, Teacher. I am sure Vaan would want to spend some time with his Mother as well." Elara quickly shook her head.
"Is that so…?" Astra smiled mysteriously as she glanced at her son.
 Vaan smiled wryly.
"T-Then I'll be taking my leave now, Teacher," Elara spoke as she walked out of the room.
Once only Astra and Vaan were left in the room, Astra's hand, which was gently ruffling Vaan's hair moved towards Vaan's ear and,
"Aaaccckkk!!"
Vaan groaned in pain.
"You dare lie to my pupil, Boy?"
"Aaaahhhh! M-Mother! That hurts!"
"You think I am trying to massage you here!? Of course, it hurts! That's my intention!"
"I apologize! I am sorry for lying to your pupil! Are you happy now?" Vaan quickly gave in. The all-mighty underworld gang leader was nowhere to be seen.
"Apologize to her, not me, you fool."
"It is not like I had any other option either…" Vaan mumbled.
"What did you say?"
"I said that I am only doing this for your own good."
"Oh?" Astra raised her eyebrow.
"Would you please elaborate?"
"Don't you want Elara to be your daughter-in-law?"
"I do, yes."
"You want that to happen in this life, don't you?"
"Huh? What kind of question is that?"
"It is a perfectly reasonable question, Mother. Don't you see her blushing and panicking before? Do you think I will make any progress with her if I don't lie to her? What do you think her reaction will be if I simply ask her for a lap pillow randomly?"
Astra started thinking.
She could imagine Elara's flustered face as she tries to think about different ways to run away in embarrassment.
Seeing his mother's reaction, Vaan nodded,
"See? A little lie is important to get close to your future daughter-in-law.
Your son is working hard, you know?"
"Are you now?"
"Of course I am." Vaan nodded.
"That is good." Astra then smiled as she patted Vaan's ear which she pulled.
Vaan closed his eyes.
"A little lie is allowed, but make sure not to hurt that girl, she has already suffered enough. Is that clear?"
"Don't worry, Mother. I never do something that would disappoint you or Elara."
"Good Good."
Astra nodded continuously. She felt much more comfortable around Vaan these days. The previous tense relation the two of them had, things were a lot better now.
"Anyways, why are you here, Mother? I doubt you would send Elara away if you just wanted to spend some time with your son."
Suddenly, Vaan questioned, still not moving away from his mother's lap.
Astra, who finally recalled why she came here for, paused, then, with a small smile on her face, she glanced at Vaan and,
"You are quite lucky, Boy."
"Hmm? What do you mean?" Vaan frowned.
"You wanted to permanently deal with Roland, didn't you? I guess you won't need to challenge him to a duel to do that, after all."
This time, Vaan's face turned serious as he glanced at his mother and,
"What are you talking about, Mother?"
"Medics found Dreamweave in Roland's body and it was not a small amount either.
Roland is an Addict."
"What…?" Vaan's expression changed.
"Mhm, I was surprised as well. Dreamweave is strictly banned in the Vesta City, if you are caught dealing with Dreamweave in any way, it is a punishable offense.
'Roland Frostmoon was addicted to Dreamweave and attacked Vaan Astra Vesta under the effects of the withdrawal symptoms of the Drug.'
If we use this, we will have enough 'reason' to imprison Ronald for his entire life, if not kill him."
Astra spoke as she carefully observed her son's expression.
"Of course, we would also need to do a thorough investigation. The fact that a promising heir of a Family as strong as the Frostmoon Family was addicted to Dreamweave means that the Drug has spread all over the City right under our nose. I would need to send my best people to look into this matter and capture everyone responsible for this, of course, that is not something you should be worrying about.
I only came here to inform you about this, you can get your revenge on your enemy without having to go through all that trouble."
Astra smiled.
Vaan glanced at his mother, he wasn't sharing his mother's happiness.
"Mother…"
In the end, having no other choice, he decided to seek help.
"You don't seem very excited?" Astra frowned.
"Can you… bury the matter regarding Dreamweave for a few days…?" Vaan questioned.
"Hmm? What do you mean?" Astra was confused.
"…"
Vaan turned silent as he stared at Astra.
Seeing him acting like that, Astra narrowed her eyes,
"Vaan, you did not get yourself involved with the Dreamweave, did you?" She questioned in a solemn tone.
"No, of course not! I am not a fool! I will never touch those things."
Vaan quickly shook his head.
"I just… I just want your help…"
"I will not help you unless you do not tell me the complete truth, Vaan. What are you planning?"
"It is regarding Seraphina."
"Seraphina?"
"I want to use the Dreamweave to corner her."
Astra narrowed her eyes, "I am listening." She spoke.
Vaan sighed.
In this situation, he finally decided to reveal his plan.
…
10 minutes later, when Vaan was done explaining everything, Astra glanced at her son and,
"So you already knew Ronald was addicted to drugs."
"Yes."
Vaan nodded.
"And this new maid of yours…"
"Lily."
"She was Seraphina's personnel maid?"
Vaan nodded his head again.
"What makes you think she is loyal to you now?"
"She has no other option." Vaan's answer was quick.
"Even the most Loyal of Dogs do not return to the owners who tried to kill them.
And I also have Aldric keeping an eye on her all the time."
"Aldric was one of Seraphina's men."
"That doesn't matter, I have Lily keeping an eye on him."
Astra furrowed her brows.
"As long as the two of them keep an eye on each other, I do not have anything to fear."
"What if the two of them betray you at the same time?"
"They will not. Even if they wished to betray me, they would never reveal that to each other out of fear of getting caught. The two of them will act like chains to each other, stopping them from making any foolish moves.
Also, none of them have any reason to side with Seraphina.
Only fools stay on a sinking boat."



Chapter 96 I couldnt be any prouder
"Only fools stay on a sinking boat."
Vaan spoke with a confident smile on his face.
Astra glanced at her son for a while, then,
"You have 2 weeks, wrap up whatever you are planning in 2 weeks. After that, I will be making my move."
"I knew I could count on you." Vaan smiled as he started gently massaging his mother's leg.
Astra couldn't help but chuckle as she saw Vaan acting like this. Then, she just shook her head and stood up. Vaan's head fell on the bed, he glanced at Astra with a pout, Astra however, ignored his pout and spoke,
"Go spend some time with Elara. I feel bad that I ruined your little moment together."
"You seem quite desperate to get a Daughter in law." Vaan teased.
"I am just worried that someone better would take Elara's heart away. You don't deserve that angel, Boy. She's way out of your league, so get her when you still have the chance."
"Are you really my mother…?" Vaan couldn't believe what he was hearing.
No, actually, could believe it. His mother used to say the same thing in his previous life, always siding with his girlfriend rather than him. It was annoying that time, now, however, Vaan just a comforting sense.
"Of course I am your mother. That is why I know the truth." Astra snorted.
"…" Vaan didn't know what to say.
"Anyways, I have things to attend to. Take care of yourself."
"I will." Vaan smiled.
Astra turned around and left Vaan's room.
As she was walking in the corridor, a figure wearing black clothes appeared behind her.
"Will it be alright?" The figure questioned.
"What is it, Eliza?" Astra questioned as she continued to walk.
"Leaving the Matter regarding Dreamweave to Young Master Vaan. Even if they are some random thugs, this matter is too complicated to be left to him. Dreamweave is not something Young Master should involve himself with."
"He is mature now. It is time we give him some independent space to move on his own."
"Your actions don't match your words, Lady Astra." Eliza was honest.
"The entire reason you decided to visit Young Master Vaan was to investigate whether he was involved in this matter or not. You never intended to 'deal with' Roland just so Young Master Vaan could get his 'revenge'.
I have been your subordinate for decades now, and I know that is not how you do things.
You only wanted how the Young Master would react in that situation."
"Alright, that is enough from your side. Have you done what I have ordered you to do?"
"Have I ever failed in doing what you ordered me to?"
"..."
Astra turned silent.
Eliza smiled, "I'll be taking my leave then, Lady Astra." She spoke.
Astra nodded and then, Eliza disappeared.
Astra returned to her room, on her bed lay the Advanced Circle Vaan had created. A smile appeared on her face as she held the paper, she observed the magic circle again and thinking about how her brother and sister must be racking their brains out while trying to understand the bogus theory Vaan and Elara had written, Astra couldn't help but chuckle.
…
On the other side, Vaan, who was currently left alone in her room recalled what his mother said.
"2 Weeks huh…" He muttered.
 Then, a playful smile appeared on his face and,
"That is much more than enough. Heck, I wouldn't be surprised if I received her letter today even."
Soon, however, Vaan just shook his head. Rather than thinking about her, going to his dear fiancé was much more interesting.
Not to mention Flamey and Splashy seemed to like Elara's presence a lot.
Thinking about it, Vaan stood up. With the two Spirits sitting on either side of his shoulder, Vaan decided to visit his fiancé.
However, just as he opened the door of his room, he paused.
"Father…?" Vaan tilted his head in confusion.
"Did you sense my presence?" Orion questioned with a frown on his face.
"Wait, 2nd Circle Mages can use Sense Magic?"
"No, Father. Sense is a 5th Circle Magic. I cannot use it yet." Vaan smiled wryly.
"Right," Orion nodded.
Then, he just shrugged.
"Whatever, Magic is boring anyways."
"You shouldn't be saying that, Father.
Especially when your wife is the best mage in the entire world."
"Your mother doesn't have to know. Let's keep this a secret between father and son." Orion spoke as he placed his arm around Vaan's neck.
Vaan was taken aback.
He doesn't remember previous Vaan being this close to Orion. Heck, he could barely remember the last time the two of them talked, previous Vaan avoided his father like the plague. Orion didn't try to approach and mend things between them each other.
Actually, the fact that Orion even came here was surprising.
And as if he sensed his son's thoughts, a smile appeared on Orion's face and,
"Vaan, I know the two of us have had differences before, we weren't exactly like any normal father and son, honestly, it wouldn't be surprising if people believed that we were actually strangers.
I will be honest here, I didn't like the past you. You were a coward, bratty, weak, and lazy. You had no will to improve and you always caused trouble for your mother.
I wasn't any better either, as your father, I failed to teach you and help you walk on the right path. I often lost my temper whenever I was around you and used force instead of trying to understand what you have been through.
I was a bad father who couldn't even correct his own son and even started leaving the Mansion just so I wouldn't lose my temper whenever I saw you. I abandoned you and I deeply apologize for that."
Orion bowed his head.
Vaan's expression changed,
"Fathe-" he stepped forward, wanting to stop his father, however,
"Please let me continue, Vaan.
I was the worst father.
You, however, weren't the worst son. You changed. Without me guiding you, you improved, you improved to the point where your mother, who often looked 10 years older than she actually was because of how worried she was about you, became a bright woman who wouldn't stop talking about her son and how proud she is.
You improved to the point where your fiancé, who always used to look at me with a weak, helpless smile on her face, now has a big bright shine on her face. Nowadays, she won't stop smiling even when she is studying Magic and would often get caught staring at a certain spot, smiling like a fool.
You improved to the point where no one now dares to look down on Young Master Vaan, you even dominated the Magic Duels, fighting 6 mages one by one and defeating them all.
You did well, Vaan.
And you did it all on your own.
I couldn't be any prouder."
Orion spoke and Vaan, who heard those words froze.
He didn't know how to react in this situation. Hearing the words 'I am proud of you' from his father. What son didn't dream of this day?
Even in his previous life, Vaa- Christopher had never heard his father say those words.
And now seeing a man who looks exactly like his father looking at him with those eyes, telling him how proud he was, a strange but powerful feeling that filled his heart with a sense of accomplishment, fulfillment, and satisfaction.
The current Vaan was experiencing an overwhelming amount of emotions, the image of his father in his previous life and Orion superimposed in Vaan's mind, his heart started beating quickly, and then,
Vaan hugged his father.
Orion was taken aback, his hands, however, moved on their own as he hugged back his son, patting his back in the process.
The two men stayed in this position for a while.
Then, in a slightly hoarse and emotional voice, Vaan spoke up, "I promise I will be the son you can always be proud of."
"I am sure you will."
Orion closed his eyes.
Hugging his son after all these years…
His heart felt heavy.
He, however, controlled his emotions and
"Alright, now stop being clingy to me." He chuckled.
Vaan nodded as he stepped back. The smile on his face couldn't be hidden.
"Anyways, this was not what I am here for." Suddenly, Orion spoke up.
"What do you mean?" Vaan frowned.
"You changed and proved that you are an excellent son, now it is my turn to do the same."
"Huh?"
"Come with me."
"Where?" Vaan questioned.
"It is the time your Father imparts you some of his teachings."
"Huh? Teachings?" Vaan frowned.
"What do you like more, using spells to overwhelm your opponent, or punching him till he passes out?" Suddenly, Orion questioned with a curious smile on his face.
"Punching the shit out of my opponents of course! Spells are alright, but the feeling of your punch connects with your opponent's face,
The joy you feel is something that cannot be described."
Vaan's answer was almost instant.
"Heh."
Orion's smile widened.
Then, he just grabbed Vaan and pulled him away.



Chapter 97 Come fight me
"You have been here before, haven't you?"
Seeing Vaan looking around with a curious look on his face, Orion questioned.
"Of course I have. I came here with Mother." Vaan replied, still looking around.
He was in that same white room he had come before with Astra.
Astra's personnel Magic Training Room.
"Though I do think the color could have been better. The white color is just depressing."
Vaan was honest.
"Hahaha~ I agree with that." Orion laughed.
"But she says it helps her focus. Whatever suits the owner, eh?"
"Indeed Indeed." Vaan nodded, "Anyways, why did you bring me here, Father?" He questioned.
"You said you liked punching your opponents, didn't you?
So I decided I should teach you a little.
Your performance back when you fought those mages was simply terrible."
"Huh? My performance?" Vaan was confused.
This was the first time someone said his fight was terrible. Heck, even the best mage he knew, his mother said it was a great fight.
Yet here he was, being bashed by his father.
"Of course, I do not know much about Magic but judging from your mother's reaction, you did great.
However, the way you approached your opponents and punched them,
Oh god, were those punches terrible.
I have never seen punches any weaker than those."
"…"
Vaan turned silent.
Was this man making fun of his fighting technique?
His fighting technique?
This time, Vaan was even more taken aback.
If it was his Magic Performance, he wouldn't have cared that much, he was still new to all this after all. Not to mention the opponents he fought weren't very strong either.
Anyway, the point was, Vaan knew his Magic would only improve from this point onwards, so some people finding fault with his Magic Performance wasn't that surprising.
But his fighting style?
That wasn't something Vaan could simply ignore.
The Fighting technique belonged to Christopher.
Although Christopher didn't train in any specific martial arts, however, just from his experience, he had sharpened his technique to a level where he was confident that if it was a one-on-one fistfight, he could even defeat a martial arts master.
But to think this man just called him out on his technique, even if he was his father, Christopher wasn't willing to take this lying down.
Yes, Christopher, not Vaan.
Seeing his technique being made fun of, Vaan's inner Christopher had appeared again.
And seeing his son's expression, Orion couldn't help but smile.
 "Hehe, I know those eyes. You don't agree with what I just said."
"It is not like that, Father. It was just that my opponents were too weak, so I didn't feel the need to show my actual technique and was simply punching them." Vaan replied.
"Heh, I know a bad technique when I see one, kid.
Martial Arts aren't some sort of spells you 'activate', it is engraved into your body, let alone a punch, the way you stand, walk, and even breathe, gives away your martial art mastery.
And you, my child, are impressively bad."
Orion spoke.
Vaan narrowed his eyes.
Seeing that his son still did not believe him, Orion sighed and then started stretching his body.
"Alright, let's do this.
Come fight me."
"What?" Vaan frowned.
"What? Scared?"
"You want me to fight you?" Vaan raised his eyebrow.
"What's with that expression? You don't think I am weak just because I don't show off like you mages, right?"
Orion questioned.
Vaan, of course, quickly shook his head.
Weak? This Man?
Orion was often overshadowed by Astra's brilliance, however, the man standing in front of him was a strong swordsman.
Vaan knew Orion was strong, however, a fistfight with him…
Orion was a swordsman, not a fist fighter. Not to mention Vaan was not really the fairest of the fighters there were.
Targeting eyes, attacking under the waist, using nails, pulling hair or ears, there was nothing Vaan didn't do as long as it ensured his victory.
On the other hand, Orion was a proud and honorary swordsman.
He was too much of a 'fair' fighter to fight against Vaan, who used dirty methods to win.
Vaan was worried that he might accidentally hurt his father in the heat of the battle, but then,
"Don't worry, Kid. I will hold back and even if you do get hurt, we have the best Medics who will take care of you and you will be back to normal in no time.
You have nothing to be afraid of."
Orion chuckled and hearing those words, Vaan's mouth twitched.
"Alright, Father."
With a fake smile on his face, Vaan glanced at his father as he took his battle stance.
"Just tell me when to stop and I will," Vaan spoke.
"I doubt you would be the one deciding that." Orion smiled as he simply placed his right hand behind his back.
Vaan was obviously offended by this action, it was clear that his father was looking down on him. What his father didn't know, however, was that he wasn't the pussy Vaan, he was Christopher.
A man who fought and defeated countless people, even if he was not the same as when he was at his peak since he was in a different body which was much weaker than his previous body, the techniques and experiences he had were still ingrained in his mind.
This man who was looking down on him, Vaan would make sure to change that,
Even if he had to play a little dirty for that.
With unwavering self-assurance, Vaan lunged at Orion, launching a flurry of punches, his approach was clear, wanting to hit his opponents till they were down, that was the simplest and the most dominant way to win a fight. Orion, however, remained calm, blocking and parrying each strike as if it were the simplest thing to do.
Vaan continued punching and seeing that his father still looked down on him and had no intention of hitting him back, his confidence soared. His punches became even more erratic, and Orion seized the opportunity to finally reveal the stark gap in their skills.
With a fluid motion, he sidestepped Vaan's attack and delivered a powerful roundhouse kick.
*Bam*
The Kick was so powerful that the impact sent Vaan crashing into the white wall.
"Khawwcckk!"
Vaan coughed, his eyes opened wide in disbelief. Orion movements weren't fast, rather, they were extremely slow, it was as if Vaan was watching a video that was slowed down. Even the kick that sent him flying, it was extremely slow, and what surprised Vaan was that even though he could see that kick from start to end, there was nothing he could do to defend it.
That slow kick… the timing behind it was so accurate that Vaan couldn't move to defend and felt like he was trapped in his own body.
Vaan finally realized.
This might not be as simple as he thought it would be.
Vaan started looking around, trying to think of a way to turn the tables.
Orion approached his fallen son, his voice gentle but firm. "Do you understand what I was talking about before? Do you understand what I was talking about before? You much, you put every ounce of power you have into those punches, however, there is no substance in your punches.
You won against those mages because, well, they were weak and intimidated.
Mages often tend to get nervous and panic whenever they see an opponent getting close to them. However, if you face a real warrior and get close to him like you did with others, with that nonexistent technique of yours, it will not end well."
Orion lectured.
Vaan struggled to his feet, his pride wounded. He knew his father was right, but he couldn't let go of his resentment. Not like this, he still hadn't shown everything he had. He couldn't lose like this!
With a fierce growl, he charged at Orion once more.
Orion sighed inwardly, preparing to defend himself once again. Vaan's attacks came faster and more ferociously this time, but they were still no match for his father's superior skill. Orion deflected each strike effortlessly, his movements precise and economical. Honestly, for him, it looked like he was simply walking in a park.
Despite his exhaustion, Vaan refused to back down. He continued to press forward, determined to prove himself, but then suddenly,
"Aaaagghhhhhhh!!"
Vaan screamed in agony as he grabbed his right leg.
Orion frowned in confusion, pausing his movements, he approached Vaan and questioned.
"What happened?"
"I-I don't know, it's the same place where Roland attacked me." Vaan's entire body was trembling.
Orion's expression changed, "Didn't the Medics say you were completely fine? Did they make a mistake?"
Orion's face suddenly turned cold.
Was this a scheme? Was someone targeting his son?
Soon, a few names started appearing in Orion's head, people who wanted to target Vaan and had enough power to do in inside the Vesta Family…
Orion then shook his head, it was not the time for this.
"Let me check."
Orion spoke as he moved towards his son with a concerned look on his face.



Chapter 98 So? Is your father qualified enough to teach you
"Let me check."
Orion spoke as he moved towards his son with a concerned look on his face but then, with a sudden burst of energy, Vaan lunged at his father, attempting to catch him off guard and aiming at his eyes.
A deadly attack that would for sure take away Orion's vision for this battle.
Yes, it was all a feint.
Vaan was trying to fool Orion in order to win.
However, Orion's instincts were razor-sharp. He sidestepped Vaan's attack effortlessly and he then moved his leg in front of Vaan's leg, causing him to lose his balance and fall flat on his face.
*Thud*
"…"
"…"
The room fell silent.
Feeling the weight of his failed attempt at deception, Vaan didn't move. He was embarrassed and was ready to hear another round of bashing from his father, but then,
"That was good. I am impressed."
Orion praised.
"Huh…?"
Vaan blinked.
"Doing whatever it takes to win, it may not be the most noble way there is. But noble warriors are the first ones to die on the battlefield. Who wants to copy those idiots, correct?
Now if only you had a little technique to back up your creative deception." Orion sighed, looking at Vaan with a playful smile on his face as he took his battle stance.
Vaan understood what his father wanted.
He rushed towards him again, but Orion had seen it all before. With a fluid motion, he executed a flawless takedown, sending Vaan crashing to the ground yet again.
"Uggghhh!"
As Vaan lay there, his body aching, a seed of self-doubt was planted in his head.
He even used deception, attempting to take his father by surprise, yet he was, lying on the ground, while Orion stood tall, without even a drop of sweat on his body.
Heck, his right hand was still behind his back, he hadn't used that arm ever since the battle started.
This man wasn't taking this battle seriously at all!
Orion extended a hand to help Vaan up. "Are any more demonstrations needed? It is quite fun, so I can continue as long as you want me to." He spoke with a playful smile on his face.
"It is not fun at all."
Vaan snorted as he grabbed his father's hand and stood up.
"I am surprised you didn't use any other way to catch me off guard," Orion commented.
"As if that would work." Vaan was still bitter.
Orion chuckled, then, he glanced at his son and, "What do you want to do now?"
"Let's go for another round."
Vaan spoke.
"Huh?" This time, Orion was actually surprised. "Again?" He questioned.
"Yes and this time, rather than being on the defensive, I want you to be on the offensive. My fighting style is more on the offensive side, so I wish to see how much I will improve after I learn from you."
"Is that so…" Orion understood.
 "Alright then, I will hold back and try not to hurt you."
"Don't worry, I can take it," Vaan spoke in a confident tone.
"No you can't take it, Kid."
Orion smiled, the Father and Son then took their battle stance again.
The dynamics of the sparring match had shifted. Orion, now on the offensive, stood before Vaan with a focused intensity.
Vaan, still recovering from his failed attempt at playing dirty, knew that he had a lot to learn. His father's offensive stance was like nothing he had ever seen before. Vaan prepared himself, completely focusing on his father, ready to react the moment his father moved.
But it was all useless.
Orion lunged forward, his strikes coming in rapid succession. Vaan struggled to defend himself, parrying the blows as best as he could. But with every strike, he felt the overwhelming difference in skill and experience.
The room echoed with the sound of their movements, but it was clear that Vaan was struggling to keep up. Orion's strikes were controlled and deliberate, each one coming dangerously close to landing on his son before stopping.
If it was a real battle, Vaan would have been brutally defeated or even died more than 10 times and it had only been a minute since Orion had gotten serious.
Seeing how his father completely messes up with his defense, then aims at his vital spot only to stop at the last second, showing him the overwhelming difference between them, Vaan's frustration grew.
However, he refused to give up. He continued to defend against his father's relentless assault the best he could, wanting to at least last a few more seconds before he 'dies'.
Yet, with each passing moment, the time difference between each of Vaan's 'Death' only reduced.
Orion had read Vaan like an open book. How he reacted to his moves, whether he would attack back, or try to get away, it was as if Orion could predict it all.
Orion's attacks seemed to come from every angle, keeping Vaan on the defensive. He executed a series of lightning-fast kicks, forcing Vaan to block and dodge with all his might. The room felt like a whirlwind of motion and skill, and Vaan struggled to catch his breath.
Finally, Orion executed a breathtaking spinning kick, this time, Vaan barely moved his hands to block that kick, however, that kick knocked Vaan's guard aside and sent him sprawling to the ground.
"Fuck!" Vaan couldn't help but curse in pain, he could feel his arms trembling in pain because of that kick.
As Vaan lay there, panting and defeated, he realized just how wrong he was.
He was absolutely no match against his father. The confidence of Christopher Davis was completely shattered.
"So? Is your father qualified enough to teach you?"
Orion chuckled as he extended his hand towards Vaan.
Vaan stood up, keeping aside his pride, he bowed his head,
"I will be in your care, Father."
"We don't need formalities, stop bowing your head. A brat like you suddenly turning so respectful feels weird."
Orion waved his hand dismissively.
"Also, don't tell your mother that I am teaching you Martial Arts." Suddenly, Orion spoke up.
"Huh? Why?" Vaan frowned.
"You think a Mage has any business learning all this?"
"Isn't this something every man should learn? Having another way to defend yourself is never bad, is it?"
"Haahh… if only more people in this world think like you do." Orion sighed.
"Your mother, however, is rigid in this matter.
'The best way for a Mage to defend himself is to learn more and master their spells. Rather than preparing to face an opponent in case he gets close to you, be so strong that you defeat your opponent before he can even understand what happened'
That is what your mother says."
Orion just sighed,
"And I can't even defeat her to prove her wrong.
How am I supposed to hit the woman I love?"
"Are you sure it is not because she is stronger than you?"
Vaan questioned with a curious smile on his face.
"Huh? What do you mean? Mind you, Kid. Your mother may be a genius of the Vesta Family, but I wasn't just anyone either. I drew against your mother when we sparred in the academy, and I didn't even use my Blessing at that time."
"So you are saying you were stronger than Mother?" Vaan raised his eyebrow.
Orion quickly moved his face away, "Well, she didn't use her Instant Spells either, so you can say it was a draw…"
"Aha, I understand." Vaan smiled.
Not liking his son's tone, Orion's eyebrow twitched, then, with a 'smile' on his face, he placed his hand on Vaan's shoulder and,
"Anyways, you wanted to learn from me, didn't you?"
Vaan frowned, his father's tone, he didn't like it.
However, before he could do anything,
"Then let's start your training, Kid."
An entirely different world was about to open up in front of Vaan's eyes.
…though the process might be a little… painful.
…
On the other side, in the Stormweaver Mansion, Seraphina sat in her room, in her hands was the report of the Magic Duels Vaan fought yesterday, her face, solemn.
"Sera, we need to talk."
Suddenly, Anderson Stormweaver, the Head of the Stormweaver Family and Seraphina's father walked into the room.
Seraphina frowned, this was the first time her father had actually barged into her room without knocking, and from the look that he had on his face,
Seraphina could tell that he wasn't here for a casual talk either.
"What is it, Father?" Seraphina questioned.
Anderson's eyes then fell on the reports in Seraphina's hands and,
"So you know about it as well."
Seraphina's expression turned solemn,
"I have just received the reports."
"He defeated 6 Mages and even killed one of them," Anderson spoke.
Seraphina nodded. She wanted to know what her father was trying to get at, but to be honest, she had a rough idea of what it was.
Anderson then glanced at Anna, the maid understood what the Family Head wanted, she bowed her head and quickly left the room.
"Stop whatever you are doing and leave Vaan alone."



Chapter 99 He is coming for me
"Stop whatever you are doing and leave Vaan alone,"
Anderson ordered with a solemn look on his face.
"What are you talking about, Father?" Seraphina questioned with a frown on her face.
Anderson then sat on a nearby chair, then he leaned towards his daughter and,
"Sera, that person defeated six mages and killed one of them in front of everyone. He discovered a brand-new Magic Circle that is much more advanced than the current circles mages use, countless mages are trying to learn his Magic Circle and are buying the Theory he published like madmen.
The Theory whose price has spiked and is now 1000 times than what it was before and people are still buying it.
No matter how you see it, he is not the same person he was before. Vaan is changed and if you keep treating him like you did before, he would eventually snap at you.
That man is ruthless, Sera and even though we have gotten much stronger than we used to be, you have to know that we are still not his match.
So stop bothering him right now, apologize if required, and quickly back away while you still have time."
Anderson's tone was firm.
Seraphina who saw her usually gullible and agreeable father talking in that firm tone like that was taken aback, just from this she could tell how worried her father was.
However,
"I cannot do that, Father." Seraphina shook her head.
This time, Anderson narrowed his eyes, "That was not a request." His tone, strict, not taking a 'no' for an answer. Sera, however, shook her head again.
"Father, it is not that I do not want to do what you tell me to. Trust me, I wish for all this to end instantly the most, however, I simply cannot do that.
That man is not going to leave me alone. If I 'back away' and do nothing, I would simply become a motionless target in front of him, a target he could easily devour anytime he wants.
Vaan isn't going to just let be me."
"What…?" Anderson's expression changed.
"Roland is currently in Vesta House's medical ward," Seraphina revealed.
"Huh? Why is he there?"
"Vaan was the one who did that to him."
Anderson's expression changed,
"But Roland is a 3rd Circle Ma-" He wanted to argue, but then he realized the Mage Vaan killed yesterday was a 3rd Circle Mage as well.
"Instant Spells…" Anderson realized.
"That is correct. Vaan knew Ronald was close to me and did that to him and the way he addressed those rumors by holding a Challenge rather than asking me to reveal the truth and clear his name made his stance clear as well,
He is coming for me."
Seraphina spoke with a solemn look on her face.
"Then what should we do?"
Anderson questioned. He knew his daughter was a genius, she may not be a Magical Prodigy, but her intelligence was much higher than most people Anderson knew.
Since she knew how grave the situation was and was talking about it openly, Anderson knew that Seraphina had thought of a solution.
And whatever his daughter, he was there to provide his support.
Seraphina, however, shook her head again,
"There is nothing you have to do, Father. I will deal with everything.
I will meet Vaan myself."
"What!?" Anderson shouted in shock.
 Seraphina, however, glanced at her father with a calm look on her face and,
"As I said, please leave it to me. I know what to do. Just trust your daughter like you always have been, and I will solve everything."
"Seraphina, I have already made it clear, do not play any more of your games with him, do not get to his bad side more than you already have."
"Please do not worry, Father.
I do not intend to get on his bad side."
Seraphina spoke, her eyes shining with a mysterious light.
…
"Haaah… Haahh… Haahh…"
Back in Astra's personnel Magic Training room, Vaan desperately gasped for air as he fell on the ground, dead tired.
His entire body was covered in sweat, from how wet his clothes were, he looked like he had been standing in the rain for hours, honestly, Vaan was currently so exhausted that even breathing felt like a chore to him.
"Your body is a mess. This is why I do not like mages, you people are just too weak."
Orion commented.
"You are married to a Mage…" Even being this tired didn't stop Vaan from calling out his father's hypocrisy.
"Your mother is an exception of course. She is not weak, plus, she has me protecting her all the time." Orion replied.
Vaan just rolled his eyes.
But he had to admit, Vaan's body was weak, he knew it as well, however, he had been training his physical strength every day from the day he came here and, he had made a lot of progress.
In front of his father's training, however, the progress he made seemed insignificant.
Unlike training normally by doing pushups, pullups, sit-ups, and other exercises, his father gave him a set of nine 'Stances' with each Stance being harder than the last one.
At first, Vaan felt like it was as easy as breathing, he even thought it was a little too simple, however, as he started to change his stances according to Orion's guidance, his hell started.
These stances stretched, pulled, and pushed his body to its limits. Within just one minute of getting in, Vaan had started sweating profusely and the longer he continued, the worse it got.
Within the first 10 minutes, Vaan couldn't only reach the 4th Stance, however, even with just that, his entire body felt like it was breaking, Vaan couldn't even feel some of his body parts anymore.
This torture however, continued, 5th Stance, 6th Stance, 7th, 8th, Orion forced Vaan to continue till he completed all Nine Stances, and 2 hours later, by the time Vaan was done, he couldn't feel anything.
Vaan felt like he was in a free state where he had no body at all, no matter how he tried, he just couldn't move. This feeling was much different than the sour body Vaan felt when he exercised for the first time.
And all this happened in just 2 hours and 9 different Stances.
"We still need to work on your body before I start teaching you something, only capable of doing 9 out of the basic 135 Stances, this is just nightmarish. You need to get to at least 54 before we start anything.
Anyways, we will be training lik-"
"W-Wait…"
Suddenly, Vaan froze.
"What did you say…? 135…? Are you telling me there are 135 of these…?"
"Of course. There are 135 Basic Stances.
Well, there are advanced ones as well, but those need Aura, so you can't practice them."
"…right."
Vaan nodded, a weird smile pasted on his face.
"But I have to say this, Vaan.
Your willpower is much stronger than I expected.
From sparring with you, I knew 9 Stances was your limit, but that limit was almost the breaking point of your body, anything further than that would have done permanent damage to your body, and honestly, not many 'veteran' fighters in this world could train their body to limits.
One needs to have an extremely strong willpower to do that and although the requirement may sound easy, moving your body when you can barely feel one of your limbs, that is not something just anyone can do.
Heck, even some of the renowned cannot do it.
But to think you would actually reach your limit on your first try, I am honestly surprised.
It takes years of battle experience and countless life-threatening situations to get a willpower strong enough to actually push your body to the limits and to think you just simply inherited this willpower like it's nothing.
You are a prodigy, Vaan.
And a ridiculously broken prodigy as at.
Your Martial Arts talent doesn't matter, just the fact that you can train your body to your limits means you can train in the most efficient way possible.
What most would take years to achieve, with your efficient way of training, you can do it within months, regardless of how talented you are or how late you started."
Orion was full of praises, his son had honestly surprised him, he didn't know how he never seen his child's talent before, but a 20-year-old having a willpower stronger than most of the 'warriors' he knew, this honestly didn't make sense.
Orion was actually so impressed that this time, he was even willing to go against his wife.
"Vaan, be a swordsmen.
You were not born to be a magician, Vaan.
No matter how talented you are in magic,
I promise you, if you follow me, I will make you the strongest Swordsman the world has ever seen."
Orion offered.
Vaan paused.
A swordsman…
Honestly, he knew being a swordsman suited his fierce personality more, mages just couldn't barge into their opponents like he does.
Vaan knew that for someone like him, choosing to become a swordsman was a better choice, however,
His eyes then fell on the two adorable little spirits looking at him with worried looks on their faces and seeing their eyes, Vaan just couldn't do what his father said,
"I cannot do that, Father.
I need to become the strongest Mage there is.
How else am I going to lead the Vesta Family?"



Chapter 100 A Close Combat Mage
"I cannot do that, Father.
I need to become the strongest Mage there is.
How else am I going to lead the Vesta Family?"
Vaan spoke with a confident smile on his face.
A wry smile appeared on Orion's face,
"So you wish to follow your mother's footsteps huh…"
It was a pity. Orion was sure that if Vaan agreed, he would have turned this man into the strongest swordsman in the entire world, Vaan's potential was just as high.
Losing someone like Vaan because he wants to learn Magic… Orion couldn't express just how disappointed he was.
"Tsk, if only you could move while casting a spell. Magic is just too restrictive."
Orion complained out loud, however,
"What…?"
Vaan spoke up.
"Hmm?" Orion frowned.
"What did you say just now?"
"I said Magic is just too restrictive and it is not a good thing."
"No, you said something before that, about me being able to move while casting a spell."
"Well you mages can't move much while casting magic now, can you? You all need to concentrate on drawing the Magic Patterns.
I just said that if you could move, I would have trained you accordingly and turned you into a Mage who can fight in close combat battles.
Heh, just thinking about it is scary."
Orion chuckled, obviously, he knew something like that was impossible.
Everyone was supposed to have a weakness, for swordsmen, it was the lack of firepower, and for mages, it was the lack of movability and ability to defend themselves.
A Mage who could fight in close combat battles, just that concept itself was flawed. A being with no weakness, a being like that cannot exist.
"I can."
"Huh?"
"I can move while casting a spell."
While Orion was thinking all this, Vaan spoke up.
Orion however, shook his head,
"I am not talking about stepping aside, crouching down, or other minimal movements like that, many experienced mages who have practiced their spells to the limit can do that.
It is good that you can do that however that is not what I was talking abo-"
"I am not talking about those little movements either, I can move just like I normally do while I am casting my spells, heck I can even spar with you if you want."
Vaan spoke as he looked into his father's eyes with a confident look on his face.
"…"
Orion turned silent.
"Vaan, your joke isn't funny."
"I have an incredible comic timing, there is no way my jokes aren't funny.
 You aren't laughing because this time, I am not joking.
I would have shown it to you if my body could move."
Vaan replied, Orion stared at his son for a while, then, he walked towards Vaan, placed his hand on his back, and suddenly, Vaan's expression changed.
His tired body was healing.
'Wait, Heal wasn't supposed to work on exhaustion, no wait, he is a Swordsman, he shouldn't even know how to cast Heal.'
Vaan couldn't understand what was happening, however, before he could ask something, Orion stepped away, then, with a solemn look on his face, he looked into his eyes and,
"Show me what you just said and remember,
If you cannot do it,
Your next training session won't be something you should be looking forward to."
Orion warned.
Vaan blinked a few times, then, he stood up.
His eyes fell on the two little spirits who had already appeared beside him and were looking at him with cheerful smiles on their faces,
Seeing them, a smile appeared on Vaan's face as well,
2 Magic Circles appeared in front of him, then, he glanced at his father and,
"What do you want me to do?"
"Attack me, using spells and your fists at the same time."
Orion spoke.
Vaan glanced at Flamey, the little Spirit nodded, her eyes shining in intelligence. Then, Vaan rushed towards Orion, wanting to punch him.
"!!!"
Orion's expression changed.
From his vision, he just saw his son rushing towards him, while the Magic Circle he had summoned was being filled with Magic Patterns!
Orion dodged Vaan's punch at the last second, Vaan, as if he had already expected it, tried to aim for Orion's leg, Orion stepped back, even now, dodging Vaan's attacks was something effortless for him, however, this time, his expression wasn't calm as before.
Of course, Vaan noticed that and he couldn't help but smile.
His eyes fell on Flamey who had taken over his Mana control and was working on casting spell while he focused on attacking his father.
*Flicker*
Soon, a fireball was shot towards Orion, since the distance between them wasn't much, Orion had no way to dodge. In the end, Orion was forced to take the attack head-on.
*BOOOM*
An explosion was heard, if it were a normal scenario, Vaan would have been worried about his father, however, Vaan knew Orion wasn't a normal man either.
And just as he thought, as the smoke cleared up, Orion stood tall with not even a single burned mark on his entire body.
Vaan couldn't hurt him but he wasn't disappointed.
The look on his father's face, that alone was enough to put a smile on his face.
"Should I continue?" Vaan questioned with a slightly proud smile on his face.
"That is enough."
Orion ordered.
Then, he glanced at his son and,
"You can look forward to tomorrow's training."
There was a smile on Orion's face, Vaan however, didn't like that smile.
For some reason, he felt that 'look forward to tomorrow's training' was worse than 'your next training won't be something you should look forward to'.
However, Vaan knew that whatever his father was thinking was beneficial for him. Just from his expression alone, Vaan could tell something amazing was going to happen soon, however, Vaan had one doubt,
"Father."
He called out.
"You want me to become a Mage who could fight close-distance combat, correct?"
"It has not been done before, however, with your ability, it is possible.
Vaan Astra Vesta, I will turn you into a Mage that the entire world fears."
"But… if I purposefully close distance, won't it just harm me? If the enemy is a Mage, he would have an easier time targeting me since I would have less time to dodge or defend against his attack as for a Swordman, that's even worse since no matter how much I train, a mage defeating a Swordsman in a close combat battle is simply impossible."
When Vaan realized that Flamey could cast spells in his stead, his first thought was something similar to Orion, however, after researching a little, he realized that what he was thinking was simply impossible.
Like Mages had Mana, Swordsman worked with an Energy called Aura.
Aura made their body stronger, to the point where it exceeded human limits. Even slicing up mountains was possible.
No matter how much he trained, defeating someone as in human in a close distance combat was not possible. His Body wouldn't be able to hold up.
Of course, Vaan also thought of training Aura, however, Mana and Aura couldn't co-exist.
The two energies repelled each other to the point that training together would simply destroy ones' body.
Therefore, Vaan couldn't understand, if he couldn't use Aura, how was he supposed to face those swordsmen?
Orion understood what his son was worried about, then, he threw a crystal towards Vaan.
Vaan frowned as he caught the stone,
"What is it, an Elemental Stone?" He questioned.
"It's a Strength Stone."
"A Strength Stone…?" Vaan frowned in confusion.
"Activate it like you use an Instant Spell," Orion instructed, Vaan did as he was told and soon, he felt endless strength coursing through his body.
His expression changed.
This strength, it was even higher than Christopher's peak. Right now, Vaan felt like he could destroy a huge boulder with just a single punch.
This strange feeling… Vaan felt like he would get addicted.
"A Strength Stone temporarily increases the strength when used, the purer the Stone, the stronger the effects would be. Just like this, there are Speed Stones, Stamina Stones, and more,
You cannot use Aura, however, with these stones and the techniques I teach you, fighting against Aura users won't be difficult."
Orion explained.
"These Stones… they won't be cheap…" Vaan commented.
Something this amazing couldn't possibly be cheap.
"They are not."
Orion nodded in agreement. Then, a smile appeared on his face and,
"But since when do you have to worry about things like that?
I will be the one training you,
Leave the cost to me and just focus on the training,
Is that clear?"
Vaan couldn't help but smile.
'Heh, being filthy rich feels great.'
"Anyways, you have pushed your body too much today, go and rest," Orion ordered.
Vaan nodded. The Father and Son then left Astra's Magic Training Room, Vaan then walked towards his room and then,
His eyes fell on Aldric, who was waiting for him in front of his room.
"Young Master Vaan." Aldric bowed his head.
Vaan nodded, "What are you doing here?" He questioned.
"The letter you were talking about, it came earlier than expected."
Hearing those words, Vaan's lips curled into a smirk, "Is that so…?"
"Yes, Lady Seraphina wishes to meet you."