Chapter 151 Dangerous Investigation
The next day...
While rumors of a new blacksmith were spreading among some of the Association's factions, Vicente had woken up early this morning and returned to the building where he had taken his exams the day before.
Earlier that morning, Vicente had already been to the Association's metal and mineral ordering area to request the items he needed to upgrade his men's weapons.
Without them, he could make weapons that could withstand the power of the Senior Apprentices, but they wouldn't be 100% efficient and would wear out very quickly.
Focused on developing his knowledge while waiting for his orders, Vicente was interested in the techniques and new study materials he could get from the Association.
He still had much to learn from Benson, but even the old blacksmith knew that there were things Vicente could only learn on his own.
Each magical form led to different possibilities, so Benson knew he couldn't help his newest student with everything.
After saying goodbye to Vice the night before, he had recommended that Vice should familiarize himself with the Association and use his time to become an Acolyte. When that was done, he should return to his master for another conversation.
Aware of this, Vice intended to spend the two days he had to wait for his ordered items temporarily using the facilities of the Association.
After that, his time under the Scarlet Syndicate's protection would end, and it would be time for him to face the consequences of his actions himself!
...
While Vicente was in the Association, some movements by local soldiers began to attract the attention of one of Defiant Tyranny's supporting families.
At this moment, one of the men from this family entered their leader's office at the Fisher residence with a terrible expression.
"Your Grace, we have problems." He said in a somber tone.
The Baron immediately took his eyes off the document before him and looked seriously at one of his trusted men. "What is it?"
Every noble family had several problems to solve almost all the time. You wouldn't leave mediocrity and become relevant without many obstacles in your way.
In the case of nobles, alliances, plots, and betrayals, in short, one would have to do many things to make relevant progress. So when he encountered a problem this morning, Baron Fisher couldn't say for sure what it was this time.
"Your Grace, the threat from Cesar's group is credible. The royal army is already investigating our actions." The man said somberly, aware that this was a delicate problem.
In theory, problems would hardly endanger the existence of the noble families. After all, they had various protections due to their position and resources. However, the most powerful noble and royal forces were threats that could wipe out even these families!
Therefore, nobles usually became afraid of these powers moving against them.
Upon hearing this, Baron Fisher immediately turned pale, realizing that Cesar's threats to his family were not untrue.
"Damn you, Cesar!" He shouted as he stood up and pounded the table before him.
Someone from Cesar's group had knocked on his door about a week ago. That day, the person had told him that they had proof of his involvement with Defiant Tyranny, and if he didn't withdraw his support for such a group, they would turn over compromising evidence against the family to the royal forces.
At first, the Baron hadn't believed these threats, although he was uncomfortable. However, if soldiers from the kingdom were investigating his family, perhaps there was something compromising against them!
"What are they investigating?" He asked, feeling the sweat run down his back.
"The Weeping Willow Estate."
Gulp!
...
Meanwhile, in a forest near Millfall...
There, a young blond man and his group stood around an area that showed no signs of battle but which bore the marks of the body of one of his men.
All five men had ugly expressions on their faces, while some were kneeling on the ground, trying to understand what had happened there.
"Young master, I can't say exactly how he died, but surely Pyke fell in this place, and a great force destroyed his body." Said one of the strongest men in the group.
Marcus Symons heard this and made an ugly expression. "Is this Vicente Fuller's doing?" He asked, already knowing the identity of the young man who had recently met Shelby.
"Unlikely." One of the men said. "Our group is investigating Vicente Fuller's past in Martell Village, but I think it's improbable. He doesn't have the power or resources to influence level 3 or 4 Acolytes.
But to kill Pyke, someone like that would be necessary..."
 "But wasn't Pyke following Vicente's tracks before he disappeared?" Marcus asked, sensing that something was wrong with this person.
He hadn't had a good impression of Vicente. When this young man met Shelby, he had practically lost any chance of establishing a good relationship with Marcus. But in this situation, the young master of Millfall's most important family couldn't help but be suspicious of the young Fuller.
Another member of the Viscount's family said. "Something must have happened on the way. In any case, our emissaries will arrive in Martell Village tonight. In a few days, they can find out everything about this young man.
If he's done anything or is involved in anything problematic, we'll know in a week at the most, young master."
Marcus just wanted an excuse to deal with the Vice, so he clenched his fists unhappily when he heard that. But with the problem of tensions in Millfall over the Defiant Tyranny situation and now a possible powerful enemy behind the death of one of his men, he couldn't focus on that young merchant.
'You're lucky for now, you bastard! But I'll deal with you as soon as I solve these problems!' Marcus thought to himself before giving the order. "Very well, investigate this first. In the meantime, I'll keep an eye on the local situation. I feel we'll have to act before my father returns from his trip."
...
Meanwhile, the soldiers searching for Vicente and the assassins searching for the 200 gold coins reward were circling Millfall, looking for his tracks.
But even though there were hardly any loose ends giving away his identity, one could never be 100% sure of anything in a world where magic influenced things so much.
While Vicente was studying at the Blacksmith's Association, someone was getting closer and closer to connecting him and Cesar!



Chapter 152 Assassin Time for Cesar to Come Back
When Vicente left the Association building at the end of the day, he was not physically tired, but mentally.
The stronger he became, the more he could process new information and understand the rules of how things worked in this world. After a day of studying and some training at the Association's headquarters, he was tired as he left that place at dusk on his way home.
However, with his mana at its best and his stats getting higher and higher, Vicente noticed something as he walked back to his house for his daily dinner with Nina and Eve.
His eyes moved to the side, but he didn't change his expression or his walking motion towards his house.
However, Vice clearly felt someone following him!
After training as a blacksmith to extract metals from ores, he refined many of his special skills. Now, Vicente could more easily sense and control the metals in the bodies of those around him.
He had developed this to the point where he could passively sense the presence of people around him through the sensation of the metals in their bodies, which had unique markings for each person.
When he noticed one of these markings following him, Vicente felt an urgency he had never felt before.
'Has someone discovered me? How?' He asked himself as he realized this person following him was neither one of his men nor his ally.
Sensing the magic level of such a person, a level 3 Acolyte, Vicente didn't want to take any chances.
Maybe there were more people connected to this person, so it wouldn't be good for him to take this individual to his residence, where Nina was.
'Damn it!' He changed his destination and started to take that man to the east side of the city, where his territory was.
But while Vicente was doing this, he was moving quietly along the city's sidewalks as if he were casually returning home after a long day's work.
The man chasing him realized that this young man wasn't going to his usual place and was surprised. 'Is he going to reveal himself? Is he really Cesar?' This person asked himself, still unsure if his hunch was true or just a false feeling.
Considering the possibilities created by some people's special magical abilities, this man didn't need any clues or evidence to understand what the assassins and local soldiers were after.
The abilities that made such a thing possible were rare, and few had the chance to even know about people with such abilities.
Considering how terrible some abilities were, most of their users kept their secrets under lock and key, killing anyone who found out.
This man chasing Vice had one of those abilities, and through it, he discovered a subtle connection between Vicente Fuller and Cesar Mazzanti.
He had realized it this morning when he had accidentally passed Vicente and begun observing the young man. Since he already knew that Vice lived in the central part of Millfall, he couldn't help but be surprised by the young man's current movements.
Fearing that Vicente would approach Cesar's headquarters and other assassins would realize who he was, the man decided to act.
Noticing that Vicente was near an area with little traffic, he used his assassination technique, which had already killed more than 20 targets.
Using his affinity with the Wind element, he moved and appeared next to Vicente as if he were a ghost.
In his right hand, he held a silver-bladed dagger that moved quickly to young Fuller's neck.
'Die!' He thought, knowing that Vice was weaker than him and would hardly have the speed to deflect this attack to a deadly point.
At that moment, Vicente finally saw who was attacking him and felt his heart beat faster.
But he felt no fear because he was already prepared for such a surprise attack.
'You are fast. If I hadn't prepared, I'd be dead!' Vice thought to himself as he looked away, unable to dodge this enemy's swift attack but with no fear in his heart.
The emotion he felt at that moment was not the one that would come before death but the one that would come from a near-death situation when the feeling of being alive was heightened a few degrees.
Nothing made you feel more alive than the threat of death!
But Vicente was confident, and when he saw the metal blade approaching, his surprise attack developed without the man realizing it.
At that decisive moment, a glow appeared above both of them as a bolt of lightning cut its irregular path to the tip of the dagger in the assassin's hands.
Realizing what was happening, the man could only make an ugly face a moment before he was hit.
"Aaaaaaagh!" He screamed as he was electrocuted by something incapable of killing him but quite painful.
Vicente looked directly into the enemy's eyes before forming a silver mask on his face and muttering. "Bang!"
A split second later, a loud bang sounded from a distance before the sound of a bullet cutting through the air came in the man's direction.
 Helpless, the assassin could barely see the bullet approaching his head from behind.
While Vicente was still making the bang sound, a hole appeared in the man's head as his body fell into the darkness of death.
Vicente quickly activated his skill and grabbed the man's dagger before disappearing, knowing he was taking significant risks by staying in the area.
As he moved, he thanked his sniper, who was positioned in the area, one of the places he had men ready and had deliberately brought this assassin to.
Vicente had managed to make a few 1st-grade guns with the items he had before. He didn't have enough to upgrade the group's more than 50 weapons, but he had enough to arm his snipers in Millfall.
The man on the roof of one of the buildings protected by their group saw Vice's signal and smiled, feeling good about firing such a powerful weapon.
But he knew that Cesar's reappearance in the city would cause trouble for all of them, and as Vicente soon became serious, he worried about the group's next moves.
Outside of their plans, they would now have to deal with this incident that could jeopardize everything they had done so far!



Chapter 153 The Attacks Begin
Arriving at his second mansion in Millfall, where his men were working, Vicente attracted the attention of the observers in the area and his own men.
"Boss? What are you doing here? I thought you weren't coming back until the group was better prepared!" Asked one of the level 1 Acolytes standing by in the building, his heart beating faster at Vice's early return.
He and everyone else there knew that the moment Vicente reappeared in Millfall, assassins and the royal army itself would appear on the outskirts to deal with him.
From that moment on, it would be kill or be killed!
Still unprepared for this threat, the group couldn't help but be nervous about this plan change.
Vicente knew and quickly explained to his men. "I had no choice. One of the assassins just acted against me."
Without knowing if there were more people with that man or even if others weren't watching that individual, Vice couldn't take any chances. If he returned home or continued with his identity as Vicente Fuller, he could risk endangering his sister.
Of course, there was the possibility that someone already knew about him and was keeping an eye on Nina. But in Vicente's mind, if that happened, he would still have to come to this place because trying to get close to her would only lead to more danger for Nina.
Whether he liked it or not, the best course of action was to return to his identity as Cesar and pray that no one would act against Nina.
His hands were tied!
On the other hand, by doing so, he could protect his identity from his enemies if only that dead enemy had found out about him.
As long as he held out for two days like Cesar, Casey would complete his mission in Martell Village, and the chances of anyone discovering anything compromising about him would decrease significantly.
"So what do we do now, boss?" One of the men asked in a cold sweat.
Vicente was direct. "Bring your weapons. I can't upgrade them to my limit for lack of materials, but I'll be able to increase their efficiency a bit.
Get ready. We're going to have big problems in the next few hours. Assassins will surely attack this place. Even if I go out to fend off some enemies, you'll still have to deal with several groups."
Gulp!
"How are our forces?" Vice asked since he hadn't been updated for about three days.
"There are no more Junior Apprentices in our group. Twenty of our men are currently Intermediate Apprentices, and twenty-eight are Senior Apprentices. As for Acolytes, we have eleven of them, not counting the four mercenary Generals." A short, bald, middle-aged man said to Vicente.
While having the protection of the Scarlet Syndicate to operate in this eastern area of Millfall, Vicente's group had made profits and used those resources to help his men raise their levels.
Even some of Vicente's profits from his partnership in Martell Village had contributed to this, as had the coins from the Peters family.
Even though they were under pressure from various groups, they were growing and improving their strength with their increasing resources!
"Good. This will help us withstand enemy attacks." Vicente commented as he walked to the training area of this estate, where he wanted to upgrade some of his group's items.
"Alert the staff outside the family headquarters. We're in an emergency. Those hiding their identities should stay alert and stay away from here for now. We don't want to jeopardize our operations and plans."
One of the men following him heard this and rushed off to relay these orders to Rory and the guards working on the properties in the group's territory.
Meanwhile, Vicente took the magic stone at his group's disposal to use in combination with the bracelet Benson had recently given him.
'Let's see how well I can work with you two together...' He thought before picking up the first of his men's weapons and starting to upgrade them.
For the next minutes, Vicente would upgrade more than 20 of his men's weapons without taking a break, using the advantage of having two support items at his side to work on his group's artifacts.
While he did this, his group would not face any immediate problems. As much as they were being watched when Vicente returned to his post, his enemies needed time to act against him.
Some had no one watching this place, thinking Cesar wouldn't risk coming to this building. Others were simply scattered around Millfall.
Even the army couldn't move that fast.
Once he had finished upgrading his weapons, Vicente didn't want to miss the chance to escape, knowing that if he stayed, he would be surrounded by enemies and eventually be killed by the army.
After preparing his men, he moved to the forest near the city.
...
While Vice was on the move, his enemies had already noticed his reappearance.
In order to attract the attention of his enemies and to remove the danger of Nina, as well as the connection between Cesar and Vicente Fuller, he acted openly by returning to his headquarters.
 He had successfully lured several groups to the headquarters of his organization.
At that moment, while the troops were moving in and Vicente's men were standing by, one of the assassins already in the area rushed into the building.
With the information that the man worth 200 gold coins was there, this first individual didn't hesitate to advance against the Fuller family's post.
'Where are you?' He asked himself with a worried look on his face, using the shadows of the area to reach one of the side walls of the building where he could see an open window.
Scaling the wall towards the top of the building, the level 2 Acolyte soon arrived at the window, which seemed unguarded, but he knew that one of Cesar's men was standing by.
'I'll take you down and take care of that brat Cesar quickly.' The assassin thought as he jumped into the building.
Just then, a shot rang out from that spot, and a body fell to the ground.
'Idiot!' A Senior Apprentice from Vicente's group, standing on one side of the window with his revolver pointed at the opening, thought to himself as he saw his enemy dead.
...
On the other side of Vicente's building, another assassin had just died under one of the many traps around the place.



Chapter 154 Surrender
Not knowing that Vicente had secretly left this place, eager to kill him but also overestimating their own abilities, some of the assassins in this town, looking for the biggest local bounty, acted against Vicente's men and fell.
With Vicente's upgraded weapons, his men could threaten even level 3 Acolytes, even if their weapons were damaged after only two or three shots.
And so the sounds of gunfire echoed around the estate.
Bang!
Several shots rang out from a machine gun on the south side of the building, where two assassins had entered from underground using a special spell.
But when they encountered them, the guard standing by unloaded his machine gun on them, surprising them with dangerous attacks.
Even level 3 Acolytes had to be careful with these shots. Even if one of them was prepared to deal with it, it was too complicated and risky to stop it or even counterattack.
"Aaaagh!"
As the shots rang out, the screams came mostly from the mouths of the enemies invading this building, suffering at the hands of Vicente's men.
"Stay in your places! Don't let the bastards get on our property! This is self-defense!" One of them shouted loud enough for people outside the building to hear.
They had to have a justification for killing people and not having a problem in the city.
Meanwhile, Vicente's men knew that the more they killed today, the less dangerous this city would be for their group and especially for their boss.
When Vicente's men over there heard one of the Acolytes shout such a thing, they stood firm in their positions and aimed at the weak points of this building, deliberately left that way for their traps.
Bang!
...
Bang!
Those outside Vicente's building had already realized what was happening inside, as very loud shots were coming from that place.
But this was only the first test for Vicente's group!
After the first attacks and deaths that day, their main opponents would soon appear with different strategies than the first assassins that appeared there!
Unaware of Vicente's absence, the leaders of Defiant Tyranny appeared in the area but did not act immediately.
The Scarlet Syndicate men in the area to protect Vicente's group were too busy to stop the top echelon of this other local faction from advancing there.
But as soon as they noticed the chaos inside the building, which was being attacked by level 2 and 3 Acolytes, the level 4 and 5 men of this group quickly realized that their target wasn't there.
"The fucking Cesar isn't in the area. Only the weakest of his men are here." A level 4 Acolyte said as his eyes glowed brightly with a red pentagram over one of them.
This person could see through walls. With this special ability, he could see that Vicente wasn't there.
"Where did that bastard go?" Another asked as an ugly expression appeared on his face.
The tracker of the group said. "Boss, don't worry, I already found his tracks."
The face of the faction leader, this man who had received disturbing news from some of his local allies this morning, changed to a smiling expression after those words.
"All right, let's go after that damned Cesar!"
...
As a battalion of the royal army approached Vicente's building to raid the place in search of a wanted man, the last of the groups of assassins arrived just before the soldiers.
"Shit! The army is coming!"
"Let's unite and invade this place before the royal soldiers do!" One of the six remaining assassins outside the building shouted to the others, seeing that this was their last chance.
Instead of trying to enter the area, these last assassins agreed to use a more violent strategy by attacking the entrance of this building.
If they didn't act now, they would never have a chance to get their reward!
Boom!
 They simultaneously attacked the entrance of this place, destabilizing the defenses of Vicente's group.
Vicente's group was spread out around the place. By concentrating their attacks on a single point, these six individuals were able to quickly break through the front defenses of the building and enter together.
Some of Vicente's men there focused their weapons on shooting the men, but with six level 3 assassins acting together, even the group's powerful weapons did not have the desired effect.
These men formed a defensive formation and faced the enemy fire, holding out long enough to see their opponents' weapons lose their effectiveness until they were no longer a threat to them.
Realizing this, the men in this group didn't miss their chance to kill the men in front of them.
"Hurry, a bloody battalion is only 30 seconds away from us!" One of them shouted, noticing the mana disturbance caused by the movement of soldiers.
With that in mind, their group was soon there. Instead of focusing on killing the men on their way to Vicente, they headed to the only place Vice could be, ignoring all the men in the area.
When they realized that Vicente wasn't in the building, they cursed their luck, but since some of them were wanted by the army, they soon began their escape.
Knowing Vicente couldn't have gotten far, they weren't ready to give up.
"The bastard escaped through the tunnel in the basement of the building we broke into!" One of them commented as he ran.
"Let's follow in the footsteps of other groups in the city. I'm sure someone has already discovered this and is after the bastard." Another bounty hunter commented.
As they fled, the group of soldiers finally arrived in front of this building, devastated after so many enemy attacks.
As they quickly surrounded the place, one of the Captains there shouted. "Come out of the building and surrender. We'll consider everyone in this place an enemy when we enter!"
Their group couldn't fight the army, or they would become rebels and be hunted across the state. So it wasn't long before the first of Vicente's men left the building with their hands up.
With room to move, the soldiers moved quickly through the surrounding rubble, ignoring the wounded being carried through the area.
With their skills or weapons ready, these soldiers would soon search Vicente's entire building until they discovered their target was no longer there.
"Captain, there's no one here." The leader of this group said as he informed another group on the outskirts of the city that was already taking action because of Cesar's sudden movement.
Then a female voice said. "I know. We found his tracks, and we're on our way to the bastard. Don't worry, we'll catch Cesar tonight!"



Chapter 155 Allies and Enemies
While Vicente's building was surrounded by army men and their tired or wounded men in the area, Rory and the other men of the Fuller family were already aware of the problem.
Unable to return to their headquarters to help their men, Rory and ten of the family were currently gathered in a simple house on the north side of town.
The young red-haired number two of the family had a terrible look as he stood in front of the group he had managed to gather in the time he had after the warning from the post.
When the last of them had arrived, he got straight to the point. "We can't help our headquarters. Our men will have to protect it for themselves."
He and the rest of the people there didn't know what was happening in the rest of the city. All they knew was that the attacks must have reached this outpost by now, given the sounds that had reached even this area.
"Meanwhile, we have to go after Vicente. He must be on the run alone. If we don't go after him and enemies surround him, he'll be in trouble." Rory said in a nervous tone.
"How are we going to get to the boss? He's very good at moving and not leaving any tracks." One of the three level 1 Acolytes there said worriedly.
"I know Vicente. I know where he would go. We just have to go where he would go in a desperate situation like this." Rory said, sure that he would find his friend.
Vicente would definitely use a dangerous strategy, but one that would give him the best chance of survival. In an escape like the one he had initiated by secretly leaving his post earlier, he wouldn't try to hide in a place where enemies could surround him. With that in mind, Rory knew there was only one place he could go to find Vice and give him support.
"Let's go to The Rocky Gorge." He said as he finished packing his equipment but dressed inconspicuously, like a trader.
With that in mind, the group quickly moved to the wagon they had in this place, where they acted as merchants and subordinates of Vicente Fuller.
If someone saw them moving now, they wouldn't suspect they were members of the faction that had caused most of the trouble of Millfall lately. To anyone watching them, they were just another group of merchants.
So they left Millfall for The Rocky Gorge, an area about 28 kilometers from the eastern part of the city where there had been several reports of magical creatures appearing.
...
While Rory and his people were on their way, Shelby had just been made aware of what was happening in Millfall and with her ally earlier that evening.
"What?" The beautiful orange-haired woman asked Molly, frowning in disbelief at what she had just heard.
"The lady's friend seems to have run into trouble earlier this evening and decided to take a dangerous route. He reappeared with his group in the east of the city... Considering the movements of the local powers, I believe his group is already facing opponents." The red-haired woman in front of Shelby reported.
"Shit! How could this happen?" Shelby shouted, not liking at all what might happen.
She hated it when her plans didn't go her way. But this situation was much worse for her because Vicente's group was still too weak and in danger of being wiped out!
With that in mind, she couldn't stand idly by!
"Let's go to his house." She stood up and prepared to leave.
The red-haired woman dressed as a maid heard this and narrowed her eyes, not believing that her mistress would do such nonsense.
"You..."
"We're going to the house where Nina and the blonde woman live." Shelby clarified things for her confidante. "I'm just her teacher. Even if someone found out who he is, I won't get in trouble for it."
"But what difference does it make if we go? I still think it would be a risk for no gain." Molly said.
"You have a lot to learn, Molly. There are certainly men available to Nina and Eve. If we bring those two to my house, we can free up those men to help my friend." Shelby said as she walked through the halls of her family's mansion.
Vicente's group was weak. That's why he relied on his numbers more than anyone else.
From Shelby's point of view, anyone she could free to help Vice and his people would greatly help them.
'I hope that's enough, Vicente.' She thought in a cold sweat, already moving towards Vicente's house.
But she knew that one of her fiancé's men was watching her as she approached the spot near his house and wouldn't fail to notice her movement.
'Miss Staples?' The man watching the Fuller residence narrowed his eyes. 'Coming to that boy's house in the middle of the night?'
He sensed something was wrong. Engaged women didn't visit single men in the middle of the night!
'Damn it! What does she think she's doing? Is she trying to humiliate the Symons family?' The man's face turned red with anger at the thought.
His young master was in a lot of trouble right now, but what Shelby was doing was out of line!
Something had to be done!
 ...
While Shelby was meeting with Nina and Eve earlier that evening, Marcus was moving along with some of his men.
After hearing about Cesar's resurgence in Millfall and the beginning of the assassins' actions at the Mazzanti family building, he and his group headed to Vicente.
Marcus felt that things were getting out of hand in the area and that the only way to keep his family's plans from being disrupted was to kill the leader of the Mazzanti family.
Thus, upon learning of Cesar's escape shortly after his reappearance, Marcus was already at the side of his family's strongest Acolytes, following in the footsteps of one of the royal army groups.
As close friends of the soldiers from the local outpost, the Symons family were already practically side-by-side with that group, following Vice's trail.
"Thanks for the tip, guys. If possible, we'll help your group take care of Cesar. The bastard is very talented despite his low level." Marcus said as he looked at the beautiful Nova, who was in the group led by a blond man.
The blond man heard this and smiled. "This will be great! Cesar's death will bring peace to Millfall!"



Chapter 156 Sniper
An hour and forty minutes after being attacked by the assassin from earlier, Vicente was several kilometers away from Millfall, but he wasn't moving now.
After reaching the outermost part of the Rocky Gorge, he stopped on one of the many hills in the area and camouflaged himself, hiding his aura and positioning himself in a spot with a great view.
There he lay with a long-range rifle in front of him, facing west.
'Now, all I have to do is wait.' He thought as he looked to his right and then to his left and saw two other rifles of the same caliber as the one he had a finger on the trigger.
The other rifles were pointed in the same direction, not far from where he was standing.
Meanwhile, Vice had a smile on his face, waiting for his enemies to fall into his trap.
Vicente had let Millfall run through the local streets, using the shadows of the buildings to move. But it wasn't an excellent way to escape compared to his current abilities.
As someone who could control metal in the air and even hold his own body in the air, he could fly with his magnetic abilities.
However, Vicente had walked part of the way and only flown the last part of his journey to this spot on one side of The Rocky Gorge, this relatively dangerous area for the people of Millfall.
For what he had in mind, this was the perfect place!
Combining his mode of movement this night and the place he was in, he could eliminate several of his enemies, even though he was much weaker than them!
Vicente would spend dozens of minutes standing in the same position, but as someone who had already spent a whole day waiting for his targets once on Earth, that was nothing to him.
Knowing that he couldn't control everything that happened, Vicente wasn't nervous about his group's possible situation. The only thing he was worried about was his little sister, Nina.
But even that didn't bother him at the moment. He was already doing everything he could to keep Nina safe.
While observing the area and wondering when he could return home with his true identity, Vicente heard the sound of people moving through the forest and cleared his mind of any thoughts unrelated to what he was about to do.
Using his mana to improve his vision, Vicente noticed a group of level 3 and 4 men walking along the path he had taken to fly to this location minutes ago.
With a clear shot at 3 of the 4 individuals in the group, Vicente didn't hesitate. The moment he felt the metal in the bloodstream and organs of these men, he selected the 3 strongest and manipulated his other two weapons to aim at their hearts.
Then he immediately fired all three weapons at the same time!
These were the most advanced weapons he had, the few that could withstand continuous fire at maximum power.
The moment he acted, a huge bang erupted in the area where he stood, with three powerful bullets coming out of the barrels of his rifles simultaneously.
BOOOOM!
Vicente knew all he had going for him was his intelligence and the element of surprise, for even with his magnificent powers, he couldn't challenge high-level Acolytes. Knowing this, he didn't hesitate to fire simultaneously, causing only a rumble from his area as those bullets flew at more than 3,500 meters per second.
His targets were less than 500 meters away from him, so as soon as the simultaneous shot was fired, Vicente saw three of the four enemies pierced through their chests!
"Aaagh!"
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!"
Two of the three howled in pain, while the third, the weakest of those hit, was already dead, with a hole in his left chest.
The fourth man in the group heard the bang and then, in the next second, saw his companions howling in pain as they fell to the ground, badly wounded.
He was startled and raised his guard, knowing they were under attack, but shocked by the enemy's power.
"Shit!" He tried to get closer to his leader, who lay on the ground in agony, feeling an incomparable burning in his chest.
Vicente could have shot the enemy in the head. Yet, not only was that target harder to hit, but it was also a little tricky if his target didn't die.
A wound to the heart would be terrible in any situation. But a couple of head wounds might not even affect the combat ability of the one hit!
On Earth, some people could live after being shot in the head. However, the heart was much less common. Once hit in that part of the body, the target would die!
For magicians in the Polaris Realm, the situation was a bit different. Their mana could work wonders for them. However, even if one didn't die from a heart wound, one would definitely be seriously injured and severely limited.
That's why Vicente had targeted that part of his enemies, and because of that, even the two level 4 Acolytes who survived the shot were in agony, feeling extreme pain as they lost their blood.
But seeing the mistake of his fourth enemy, Vicente couldn't help but smile.
 'You fool. It's easy to see that you've never had to deal with long-range fires before.' Vicente laughed as he reloaded his weapons, not hesitating to fire again in the direction of the three remaining targets.
BOOOOM!
By not doing what he should have done, hiding from the sniper in the area, that level 3 man had made a serious mistake.
The moment Vicente fired again, such a person was shot in the head and died before he could even reach his leader.
At the exact moment, the two agonized survivors, weakened by the unexpected injury they had received, were mercilessly reshot, this time in the head.
Having weakened them, Vicente was much more confident firing at their heads!
'Minus four!' Noticing that all four were dead, Vicente left where he was, cautiously observing his surroundings.
Seeing no sign of enemies nearby, he used his ability to form a thin metal plate and floated down to where the bodies lay.
Standing 25 meters above their location, Vice pulled the four bodies toward him and, without hesitation, left the area, flying further east while occasionally using his items to leave tracks in the area.
Meanwhile, he drank a recovery potion to quickly replenish the mana used in this first 'fight' in the area.



Chapter 157 The Rocky Gorge Incident (1)
After leaving the area where he killed the four men, Vicente didn't hesitate to choose a new place to wait for more enemies, a little further into The Rocky Gorge.
Since Millfall's powers wanted his head and many, including the army, wanted to see him dead and disrupt his plans, he would spare no one.
This was a night of carnage for Vicente!
He didn't even blink after positioning himself in a new area, rearming his weapons, and preparing for new targets.
Controlling his breathing, Vicente remembered the two worst days of his life and how he never wanted to feel like that again.
'Lauren, one day I will see you again. I won't fall here.' He thought to himself, already seeing more signs of movement in this mountainous forest area.
This time, he saw a larger group of people than before, spread out in three groups running along the sides of the mountainous area.
Vicente could see the army group with Nova among the five level 4 soldiers. Meanwhile, the leaders of the Defiant Tyranny were together in a group of 4, three of them level 4 and one level 5, the strongest in the area.
But there was still a third, where 4 people were standing next to Marcus Symons, the young heir of the Viscount's family whom Vicente had met a few days ago.
'All these people are here for me... I must give them a proper show so they'll never forget it!' Vicente clenched his jaw and stared hatefully at these people united against him.
The mana in his body vibrated violently, and the moment they came within range of his ability, Vicente fired his three rifles, once again targeting the hearts of the strongest of these groups.
With his first rifle, Vicente shot into the heart of the blond soldier he had met in the mercenary guild, the bastard who had always looked at him hatefully.
His second shot hit the strongest Acolyte in the area, the leader of the Defiant Tyranny, his biggest local enemy.
And with his third, Vicente didn't hesitate to shoot the strongest man in Marcus' group.
BOOOOM!
Once again, this forest witnessed the terrifying shots of Vicente's guns, bringing misfortune and pain to their targets.
Their consequence was only one!
"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!"
"AAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaagh!"
Shouts erupted from the three groups that were only a few dozen meters apart, causing most of them to alert and raise their guard.
The army soldier who was hit was the one who screamed the loudest at first, but even the two strongest individuals in the area howled in pain as they felt something penetrate their chests.
Unfortunately for Vicente, two of his three shots didn't seriously injure his targets, just enough to make them realize that someone dangerous was in the area and was targeting them.
"Shit!
Vicente quickly reloaded his weapons, knowing he needed to weaken this group before proceeding with his plans.
'Fuck you! I'm going to unload my guns on you, you bastards!' He thought angrily and fired again a second and a half after the first shot.
BOOOOM!
Realizing her group's trouble, Nova didn't make the same mistake as the level 3 man he'd killed earlier and moved behind a tree, knowing she could get hurt if she got in the enemy's sights.
Some of her companions weren't as astute and made the mistake of getting into Vicente's aim, soon to be hit by the powerful bullets that could kill even level 3 Acolytes with all their defenses up.
"Shit! Fucking Cesar is here! Raise your defenses!" One of the men from the Symons family group shouted as Marcus tried to hide, sweating with fear.
He was the weakest in the area. If he were hit by one of Vicente's shots, he would surely die!
'Shit! Damn you, Cesar!' The blond guy staggered but soon found a tree thick enough to hide from Vice.
As Marcus stood there, breathing more deeply, he saw a bullet hit the side of the tree and swallowed his saliva in worry.
'I have to get out of here!' That was all he could think about at the moment.
While the blond guy was cowering in the face of a powerful opponent, the leader of the Defiant Tyranny faction was red with rage after dodging Vicente's second shot.
Noticing the direction the shots were coming from and seeing his men move to protect themselves from those shots, he shouted. "Cesar! Today is the day you die!"
 He then activated his second skill, causing his body to change significantly, with his muscles growing by more than 200% in a single instant and hair growing all over his skin.
'Oh? Such a transformation...' Vicente looked from afar and saw the first power of its kind in his life.
Some magicians could awaken bestial powers that affected their own bodies.
The advantage of this form of magic? Well, those individuals would have unparalleled physical strength, similar to some magical beings. However, such magical forms had one major disadvantage. Magicians using them couldn't use long-range abilities.
Knowing this, Vicente immediately stood up when he saw the individual coming towards him.
'Time to go!' He soared into the air, showing the entire enemy group the difference between him and them.
None of them could fly. Flying wasn't something you could normally do at low levels. Only those with special abilities could do it at the 1st stage.
But those who could do it had a huge advantage over the others who couldn't!
When Nova saw Vicente floating in the air and taking his last farewell shots, she opened her mouth and noticed how powerful Cesar was.
'Can you even do that?' She asked herself in surprise.
Meanwhile, most of this area's group hid behind their defenses or trees and rocks on the outskirts. Several of them had been hit by the more than 15 shots Vicente had fired and couldn't just charge at them like the leader of Defiant Tyranny was doing.
"Bye-bye. I'll see those of you who have the nerve to come after me again." Vicente shouted before he flew away and drank another restorative potion.
He only had one of these potions left, even considering the items he had collected from the four corpses earlier.
If he exhausted himself again, it would be his last card before he was left alone without support!
He thought about how he had only managed to kill 3 out of that large group of 14 enemies.
The strongest was still alive, so Vicente bet on his last alternative for survival, to enter The Rocky Gorge and draw enemies for everyone there, and thus, who knows if he was lucky, escape alive while his enemies died!



Chapter 158 The Rocky Gorge Incident (2)
After starting his escape into the interior of The Rocky Gorge, Vicente did his best to fly away from the enemy group quickly, knowing that he couldn't fly continuously and that his opponents on the ground were faster than him.
Once he could no longer fly, it would only be a matter of time before his enemies tracked him down. At that point, it would be all or nothing for him!
Vicente was not alone in thinking this. The moment he stopped shooting at the 11 survivors of that group, they immediately started chasing him, following him quickly so as not to lose his trail.
Nova was one of the few who hadn't been injured and would soon take the initiative to chase after Vicente.
'Damn it! I don't know if you were guilty before. But now you can't go through with it, Cesar! You've crossed the line.' She thought, remembering the leader of her group who had died right in front of her.
She wasn't particularly interested in that blond guy, but he was still her army comrade!
But even though she was furious and running ahead of most of her group, she soon lost sight of Vicente and had to slow down.
Vicente was at a huge disadvantage against these 2nd-stage magicians. He had much less mana than the weakest of them and one less magic pentagram.
He didn't want to test the other pentagram he had at the moment...
However, being able to fly was really good. Even with less mana, he could move more freely through the air and quickly get out of the reach of these opponents without leaving too many traces.
At least in the short term, he would be safe!
But that didn't mean it would always be like this.
The leader of Defiant Tyranny called out to his group as he also lost sight of Vice. "Let's split up. The bastard will eventually get tired and make his way on foot! If we spread out over the area, we'll find his tracks sooner or later!"
Not only did the men of his criminal group hear him, but so did all the other 10 survivors in the area, whether they were army men or members of Symon's family, wounded or not.
In an instant, the 10 survivors still there were divided into 4 groups.
But their powers were balanced, and they all knew they couldn't be weak. If they were careless, they might end up in the same situation as before and get hit by Cesar again!
...
While the groups split up to look for Vicente, this young man flew for 10 minutes, using half his energies to get deeper into the forest area.
When he realized that no one was following him, Vicente didn't look for a place to hide and prepared to shoot his opponents from strategic positions. That wouldn't work twice with the same people.
He turned his attention to his surroundings, aware that the area he was following contained magical beings of various kinds, some of them even with 3rd-stage strength.
If he encountered such beings, he would be finished!
However, knowing that there were few such beings there and that they usually stayed in the center of the area, Vicente was more worried about the 2nd-stage magical beings he might encounter.
According to rumors circulating in the underworld of Millfall, there was a dark forest near the city where Basilisks had been seen leading groups of weaker beasts.
Basilisks were terrifyingly powerful and difficult to attack or defend against. They were agile and could fly, but could also fight on the ground with their powerful paws and claws.
They had a special kind of poison in their claws and inoculating teeth, so the mere story that one of these creatures had been seen in this place was enough to make someone like this young man cautious.
However, the ancient legends of Scott Province said that every forest in this region had plant protectors called Dryads. This was another type of magical being that Vice did not want to meet on his way, at least not yet.
'I need to stay close enough to dangerous creatures for my enemies but not so close that the same creatures decide to kill me.' He thought as he broke into a cold sweat, trying to hide all the mana in his body as he stepped carefully over the stones in his path.
Meanwhile, his eyes and ears were subtly glowing, allowing him to see and hear everything around him three times easier than in normal situations.
A few minutes into his cautious journey through the uneven terrain of this forested area, he suddenly came upon a strange footprint in front of him and shivered.
Gulp!
Seeing the three-toed paw in front of him, measuring about 25 centimeters, Vicente bent down to take a closer look, wondering what creature could have left it.
'Shit! Is there really a Basilisk here?' He broke into a cold sweat and looked ahead, seeing the canyon in front of him in this mountainous area.
As he approached the cliff in front of him, Vicente saw the river 100 meters below that area, following it for several kilometers in both directions.
According to what he knew, the center of this forest region, or rather the most problematic area, was south of this river and on the other side of the canyon.
He looked at it for a moment and, without further ado, headed in the direction of danger!
 ...
An hour and a half after the attacks on the Mazzanti estate began, a simple wooden wagon passed through a forest east of Millfall.
This wagon was filled with people, each with watchful eyes, some dressed as coachmen, some as guards, others as businessmen.
But they were all well-loved and in high spirits, ready for whatever came their way.
Reaching a point where they could go no further, the group finally stopped their carriage in the middle of the forest.
"Time to go on foot."
As one of the men said this, all the others got out of the carriage and immediately changed their clothes, putting on not only combat suits but also masks on their faces.
A young red-haired man then said. "Let's find our boss and help him. Keep an eye out for enemies, and don't hesitate to kill them and use the recovery potions."
Everyone agreed with Rory before they left their carriage and headed towards where they expected Vicente to be.
After leaving Millfall as merchants without attracting anyone's attention, this group, including one of Nina's guards, quickly made their way across the canyon ahead of them!
'Just wait, Vice, we're coming!'



Chapter 159 The Rocky Gorge Incident (3)
Sometime later in the evening...
Nina and Eve were at the Staples estate, where Shelby had brought them moments ago after arriving at the Fuller family home.
Nina had found it strange when her teacher had shown up on her doorstep earlier that evening. But after hearing from Eve that Vice would be busy for the night and that he had authorized her to come to her teacher's house, she had easily accepted the situation.
As smart as she was, Nina was still a child. She was naturally happy when she had the opportunity to spend the night with one of the people she loved most outside of her family.
After arriving at the estate earlier, she had played with her teacher and then had dinner.
Now, she was looking at Shelby's library while Eve and the local noblewoman sat around a table in the study area of her residence.
They watched Nina flip through the books while drinking tea and talking in low voices, even though Nina was deaf.
"Have you heard from Vicente?" Eve asked when she saw that Nina wasn't looking at her.
"No. All I know is that the Mazzanti family outpost was attacked earlier, and several of the men in his party are wounded or dead.
Though they eliminated most of the intruders, some of them caused havoc in that place." Shelby said what she already knew after sending Molly out to look for information about that night's incident.
The orange-haired young woman added. "As for him, he's not in town. Where he is and what he's doing, I need more information to get those answers."
Eve heard this and closed her eyes, feeling a little scared.
Their plans didn't include this situation today!
With things happening out of their group's control, this woman couldn't help but worry.
"But stay calm," Shelby told the blonde in front of her. "No one seems to have noticed his connection to Cesar. If something like that had happened, we would have been attacked by now." She looked at Nina, who Vicente's enemies would surely use to target him if they knew who he was.
"If that's the case, he could return with his Vice identity. That will buy us some time before things reach their limit." Eve commented with a sigh, as they hadn't lost all their advantages yet.
...
After more than three hours since the confrontation between Vicente and the three groups earlier, one of the smaller groups that had split up to find him had finally caught up with his tracks.
In this group were three army soldiers, including Nova!
"Captain, what should we do? That damned Cesar can't be far from us." One of the two men beside the beautiful Nova asked.
After the death of the leader of the group of soldiers, she became the leader of this battalion, of which she was the deputy.
Nova realized that Cesar couldn't have faked those signs and was certainly close to her group. She narrowed her eyes and said. "Warn the other groups in the area. We'll continue to follow these tracks, but we won't do anything until we at least have the help of the other groups."
Nova didn't want to take any chances against Cesar. Although she didn't like how the army acted against him, she saw him as an enemy. Moreover, she didn't underestimate his abilities.
After seeing how Cesar could kill even careless level 4 Acolytes earlier, she wouldn't be foolish to think that only she and those two could handle him.
Besides, the fact that Cesar was always polite to her meant nothing to her. Would he spare her only because of her beauty? She didn't believe it, and she didn't want to be spared for it. She was going to win and arrest him!
The other two saw the determination in this woman's eyes and immediately prepared the communiqués for the groups that had been divided earlier.
Since they all wanted Cesar's head, they had swapped communicators to act together when they found him. So, these two quickly did what they were supposed to do and sent their location to the other groups in The Rocky Gorge.
Meanwhile, Nova kept an eye on the surroundings, worried about reports of magical creatures in the area.
'If there really are basilisks here, they won't be as easy to catch as some of us think...' She thought about how defensive these magical creatures were about their territories.
If they entered the area of influence of a single basilisk, it wouldn't matter who they were. That creature would see them as enemies and act against anyone who stood in its way!
'Is this your plan, Cesar? Are you really willing to risk so much?'
...
A few minutes later, Vicente expected someone to have followed him.
But not knowing who they were, how many of them there were, and where they were, he made his way to the center of the area as fast as he could.
As he did so, Vicente felt the number of magical creatures around him and realized that he was getting closer and closer to the most dangerous place in this region.
 There are several 2nd stage magical beings in this area. He narrowed his eyes and saw that he hadn't attracted anyone's attention yet, but he was mapping out the territories of the beings there.
It wasn't difficult to tell where a magical being's territory began and ended. All one needed to know was to estimate the range of those beings' senses.
For example, a 3rd stage basilisk could perfectly sense its surroundings up to 5 kilometers away from it. So its range would be about less than 5 kilometers from it.
But even beings that were defensive about their territory wouldn't look for trouble with weak beings in their domain. Low-level beings were important for the maintenance of the inhabitants, and so on. Therefore, such a being would only see problems in the movements of weaker beings if they got too close.
In the case of the basilisks, that would be 1 to 2 kilometers away. What's more, in normal situations, it wouldn't bother to act unless someone in the third stage was in its domain.
Knowing the limits of the various creatures he had noticed so far, Vicente made his way to the most dangerous area of this place, using the area he knew he could use without getting into trouble.
But this was not an exact science!
The behavior and personality of magical beings also greatly influenced their behavior.
Suddenly, as he was running through the area, Vice saw three 2.5-meter-tall monkeys appear before him, flying from branch to branch in his direction.



Chapter 160 The Rocky Gorge Incident (4)
At the sight of those creatures, Vicente's expression changed.
His tension was no longer slight, but seeing beings with offensive auras approaching him made him feel even worse.
He didn't want to have to fight magical beings before his enemies reached him!
'Tsk! Nothing ever goes according to plan!' He clenched his fists and stopped moving, looking seriously at those beasts.
Looking into the eyes of the three brown-furred creatures, Vicente remembered what he had learned at the Academy of Stars.
Magical creatures followed the same magical hierarchy as humans, who were able to awaken their powers and have Magic Gems.
However, the magical rules for these beings were somewhat different from those for humans. In fact, there were 'n' ways to explain powers, and you couldn't say that one rule worked for all magical beings.
Some magical beings had magician-like powers and could cast spells. Other beings simply had ridiculous amounts of mana and could use it to greatly enhance their physical attributes.
Some could have Magic Gems and Pentagrams, but they wouldn't have multiple abilities like humans. They would have a single ability that would evolve over time.
In short, there were all kinds of rules behind the powers of these beings. But in the case of the beasts like the ones Vicente was looking at now, most of them only had rich mana and, therefore, powerful bodies.
In the case of these monkeys, they were fast and had great physical versatility to fight like human Generals.
They were level 2 and 3 Acolytes, enough to cause problems for Vicente.
He clenched his fists, regretting that he had emptied almost all the bullets from his weapons earlier. Without many bullets left and not wanting to use them immediately, Vice saw that he could only use his skills to fight past these creatures.
As one of the creatures jumped at him with a clenched fist, preparing to strike, Vicente moved his hands and cast a spell based on the Earth element.
Immediately after, one of his gems glowed an intense yellow, the earth in front of him changed shape, and a barrier 8 centimeters wide appeared between him and his opponent.
This being's fist broke through the barrier Vicente had quickly erected, but he couldn't reach the young human and was trapped there.
'You are courting death!' Vicente grabbed the monkey's forearm, which was as big as the trunk of some of the trees in the area.
He activated his magnetic ability.
With such a large body, there was much more metallic mass in this body than in the body of a 70-kilogram human, as was the case with most humans in this world.
This being in front of Vicente weighed at least 280 kilograms!
If we were to do a simple calculation, he would have had four times as much metal in his body as a human.
Feeling that this individual was a bit like the ores he had used to extract metals in his training to become a 1st-stage blacksmith, Vicente mischievously smiled.
He clamped this hand over the monkey's forearm as he caused the metals in this furry creature's body to separate from the other atoms to which they were attached.
As the two weaker monkeys flew from branch to branch to attack Vicente from the sides, they saw their leader lose his fighting spirit.
In a single instant, he froze as if he had seen the face of death and then began to shake, convulsing as he lost control of his entire body.
Metals were behind the electrical pathways in the neurons of living beings. If metals such as sodium were suddenly removed from the cells, the entire function of ordinary bodies would stop, and the being would die in a fraction of a second.
For magical beings, things were a bit different, as they had mana to count on and would try to protect themselves with such counterattacks. Even so, it wasn't easy to deal with something so terrible affecting your entire being with the intensity Vicente was acting with!
Seeing that he had destabilized his enemy, Vicente let him go and prepared to deal with the two monkeys furiously attacking him.
One of them even had what looked like a spear in one hand, glaring hatefully at Vice.
It wasn't a metal spear, so Vice ignored it. But he activated another spell after jumping backward twice to avoid the deadly, dangerous attack.
When the two hit the void, Vicente pinned them down by their feet with the earth before slamming his hands together, causing a bolt of lightning to appear above them.
Ka-boom!
Immediately after that, a powerful thunderclap rang out over the area, with the lightning hitting those two monkeys but causing much more trouble for Vicente.
The moment his attack hit the two monkeys, electrocuting them, dozens of beings in the area noticed his movement.
The other monkeys, whether of the same or different races, noticed someone acting against one of their own and raised their guards as they looked in Vicente's direction.
 Meanwhile, a human level 5 Acolyte nearby opened his eyes wider, sensing a characteristic mana he had been searching for!
"Fucking Cesar! I'm coming! Don't die at the hands of one of these damned beasts!" Ryker Beckman, leader of the Defiant Tyranny faction, shouted loudly enough for others approaching the area to hear.
Beasts and humans heard him, but everyone was focused on Vicente's position, where more than 20 beasts were moving toward him at that very moment.
Vicente heard Ryker's scream and the various animal sounds in the area. He bitterly laughed and said. "My 'reinforcements,' let's take care of those damned beasts!"
Then, after realizing where the strongest of the human enemies were, Vice didn't hesitate to run towards them, taking on more than a dozen beasts who were furious that he had just killed the three monkeys.
"Ehhhhh?" One of the royal army soldiers heard this and turned pale as he saw several level 2, 3, 4, and 5 creatures appearing in the area, throwing tree trunks, branches, and stones in their direction.
Nova saw that she was right in thinking that Cesar would do such a thing and paled.
No matter how strong they were, her group couldn't escape and deal with all these beasts and Vicente simultaneously!
'Damn it, Cesar! You will pay for this!' She cursed the guy as she raised her guard and made one of her pentagrams appear as her Magic Gem glowed.
The same thing happened in the surrounding area, with 10 magicians 'allied' with Vicente, moving their mana to deal with the beasts attacking them indiscriminately.



Chapter 161 The Rocky Gorge Incident (5)
When Vicente approached the group of people looking for his head, he immediately made those beasts believe this was his group.
Beasts didn't understand human language any more than humans understood them.
When they sensed that this human had killed three of their own and saw these other humans in the area, they immediately assumed that all humans were allies.
Their main target at the beginning of the confrontation was Vice since he was the one who had killed the three monkeys. However, half of the beasts that had appeared on the area's outskirts were already attacking the rest of the group that Nova had summoned there.
Vicente felt a level 5 Acolyte, a large monkey similar to the one he had killed, coming towards him and quickly floated away with his metals, heading towards the leader of Defiant Tyranny.
The monkey was very fast, and when it missed its first move, it jumped off the log it had hit and headed in the direction where Ryker was staring ugly at the young man who had appeared on his back.
"I'm going to kill you!" Ryker said, but as he looked at Vicente, he felt the great monkey closing in on him and couldn't pay attention to the young man for long.
"Good luck!" Vicente laughed as Ryker's Red Pentagram appeared, and his body became extremely muscular.
Just as the monkey was about to hit him, Ryker moved to counterattack and collided with the creature's fist.
Pow!
The air around them pulsed from the contact of their blows as they looked into each other's eyes.
"Wretch! We're not your enemies!" Ryker felt pain in his bones and screamed, hating the fact that beasts were so irrational.
But the monkey didn't care. Seeing a human with strength similar to its own, it immediately considered him its enemy, probably the protector of the murderer of its tribe members.
It opened its big mouth and let out a horrible sound before it went 'crazy' and started attacking its opponent with a series of punches and kicks.
"Shit! You pay me, Cesar!"
Vicente was already far away from them when Ryker shouted this, still using his abilities to fly around the area, trying to escape the various opponents that tried to hit him.
He could use his special ability to disturb many of these beasts. He could even kill some of them with ease. But it wasn't in his interest to kill any of them.
Since his human enemies were there, this was the time for him to eliminate his main enemies by using the power of these beasts that attacked him.
He moved while floating, taking the strongest enemies that attacked him for the strongest of the Symons family group and Defiant Tyranny.
When one of these beasts nearly hit him, Vicente skillfully used his ability to destabilize the movement of his opponents, narrowly avoiding blows that would have seriously injured him.
Being able to control metal was truly fantastic!
Five minutes after this situation began, the surroundings up to a kilometer away from where the battle had begun were littered with signs of battle, with several fallen trees and craters here and there.
Several beast corpses were already piled up, while the weakest of the previous group had already died, but more beasts had arrived after the confrontation began.
Some of the humans had also fallen, but due to the humans' special abilities that allowed them to fight at a distance, only 2 of them had died so far.
The Defiant Tyranny leader was still on his feet, but one of his faction members had been killed there, while an army soldier had fallen at the hands of a level 4 monkey.
Nova was becoming increasingly exhausted by the situation. Cesar had already led all the strongest enemies there to the strongest of them.
Each of these humans was now facing 1 or 2 opponents of the same level, while they had no chance to even look at Vicente.
Nova used her special ability to make the 2nd-grade sword in her hands glow an intense white while distorting her surroundings.
She then used most of her power to attack the level 4 creature, preventing it from helping its companions in more trouble.
She slashed at the massive 2.7-meter, 300-kilogram monkey, splitting its body into two equal slices and killing it instantly.
"Shit! Let's retreat!" She shouted as she killed this enemy, knowing she couldn't bear to fight for long, even considering her powerful swordsmanship.
Nova was an excellent swordsman! Her powers were so strong that she could even challenge those who were stronger than her with the same level of talent!
This was extremely rare and gave her a great advantage in battle. But in this situation, she didn't want to risk.
If she stayed there for Cesar's sake, she might end up exhausted and surrounded by vengeful beasts sooner or later.
Only the strongest in the area were fighting, but everyone could sense that weaker beasts were lurking around, just waiting for the opportunity to devour their exhausted enemies!
 Hearing this, the still-breathing soldiers hesitated momentarily, unsure whether to leave this place and allow Cesar to stay alive or risk their lives.
"This is an order! Retreat immediately!" She repeated her order.
Hearing this, Ryker threatened. "Damned soldiers. Stay and fight, or you're finished after today!"
"Mr. Ryker, you should retreat as well. We have to admit that Cesar defeated us today!" Nova ignored the threat and began to retreat with her men, paving the way for their retreat.
The Symons family group also hesitated in the face of the beasts surrounding them.
Meanwhile, Vicente finally showed his skills, killing the weakest using his magnetic abilities.
But he didn't just do this against the surrounding beasts. When he saw that some of his enemies were weakened, he sent small blades to the wounds of some of the stronger ones.
'You won't escape death that easily!' He looked at them with hatred.
S...ss...ss!
However, as some tried to escape and others tried to eliminate the beasts in their path to reach Cesar, a terrible hissing sound suddenly came from the bottom of the nearby canyon.
Upon hearing it, everyone in the area, not just the humans but even the beasts, looked in the direction it had come from for a moment, all of them shaking with fear.
Gulp!
"Basilisk!"
Several of the still standing humans shouted simultaneously, recognizing not only the hiss but also the terrifying aura of that beast approaching their position.



Chapter 162 Dark Dawn (1)
Feeling the terror of the aura of the strongest beast he had ever encountered, Vice opened his mouth and his eyes wide to look at the top of the trees where a strange creature descended from the sky.
It had dark blue scales, a snake's head, a long neck, and a long tail. But its chest resembled that of a bird, with a prominent front and long wings with feathers the same color as its scales. It also had four legs, the hind ones incredibly muscular, with long, dagger-like claws.
Its size was not small. With more than 5 meters between its head and tail and a similar length between the tips of its wings, this creature was enormous.
Its aura carried the size of its being, and even the level 5 Acolytes in the area couldn't help but pale in the face of the most ferocious creature they could encounter that night.
"Shit!" Ryker shouted as he noticed the Mage-level magic creature staring at him.
"Retreat! Flee immediately!" Nova despaired at the sight of this creature, knowing that it was the leader of the canyon and all these beasts would serve it.
The whole world had its hierarchies, power relations, etc. In the beast world, the strongest ruled, no matter their race!
As the strongest in the area, that basilisk was the commander of the area, and all the beasts in its presence, regardless of their tribes, would serve it when it appeared near them!
Knowing that they would have all these creatures gathered against them, everyone there immediately began to move away from their opponents of a few moments ago and prepared to flee.
With a long sigh, Vicente saw the creature descending from the sky. He immediately understood it was giving orders to those beasts.
'Tsk! Are they going to chase us?' He imagined that this was the order because the moment the beasts heard that sound, all the beasts looked at the group of humans differently.
Thinking it would deal with the strongest first, Vicente didn't hesitate to manipulate the metals around his control area and began to float in the air, flying at low altitude, faster and faster.
Looking at Nova, he didn't hesitate to go towards her, surprising her by grabbing her in his arms and quickly starting their escape from the area.
Realizing that her feet were no longer on the ground, Nova resisted by struggling. But Vicente warned her. "Captain Bain, let's not fight now. If we do, we'll both be killed by these beasts."
Nova looked at Vicente's blood- and dirt-stained mask, ignoring the smell of sweat coming not only from his body but from hers as well. She clenched her fists and looked into his eyes. "Cesar! You caused all this! Now you want a truce?" She shouted as she grabbed the collar of his shirt and pushed it down.
"I did what I had to do to survive. Remember, you chased me and attacked me. What was I supposed to do? Give you my life?" He said in a sarcastic tone that was easily noticeable, even with his mana distorting his voice.
While they exchanged these brief remarks, Vicente flew quickly through the forest, dodging his opponents' long-range blows and quickly distancing himself from the beasts that were already chasing them.
Nova could no longer see more than half of the group of humans that had been allied with her moments ago, while the few she could see were sweating to run and not be killed by the creatures chasing them.
The basilisk was too powerful and wouldn't chase most of them. It only focused its attention on the strongest in the area, leaving the rest to its subordinates.
Noticing this, Nova loosened her grip on Cesar's clothes, aware that she would have to ally herself with him in order to live.
"Tsk!"
Seeing that she had given in, Vicente said. "Take a moment to recover. I'll be exhausted in a minute. Then we'll have to walk."
"Don't you have any more recovery potions? If you can't fly any longer, I'm afraid we'll fall into enemy hands before we leave The Rocky Gorge." She knew that beasts were better trackers than humans of the same magic level, so she was worried.
"I've already used up all my potions trying to escape the many enemies that caught up with me tonight." He said. "Do you realize I've faced nearly 20 Acolytes in the last four hours?"
"Are you saying this to show off?" She narrowed her eyes as she looked at him and moved to get on Vicente's flying board without staying in his arms.
Vicente said nothing and then saw her use a spatial storage item to take out a recovery potion and give it to him.
"You trust me like that?" He laughed as he asked her.
"No." She said before taking another potion and drinking it herself.
Sensing this last 'attack' from Nova, Vicente watched her for a moment but then drank the potion she had given him, noticing that there was no poison in it.
With the beasts behind them moving almost as fast as they were, he needed to recover in order to keep running for a while.
Feeling the potion's effects, Vicente increased his speed by 10%, enough to temporarily increase the distance between them and the beasts chasing them through the trees in that area.
...
A few minutes later, several of the humans who had chased Vicente earlier had met their end at the hands of the beasts of The Rocky Gorge.
Some had managed to escape the arrival of the basilisk but had died from severe injuries inflicted by their opponents before and during the chase initiated by the beasts.
One of the few still breathing was the leader of Defiant Tyranny, who had seen the entire top echelon of his group perish in this forest region that night.
 However, after using all of his life-saving resources to withstand the basilisk attack and flee the area, Ryker was exhausted and badly wounded.
At this point, unable to move properly due to the severity of his situation, he dragged himself to the entrance of a cave in this forest region in search of shelter for the night.
If he survived the night, he could return to Millfall at daybreak, when the beasts were usually less active.
'Damn it! You'll pay for this, you bastard Cesar! One day, I'll rip your head off.' He thought, cursing the person responsible for all his misfortune.
But as he crawled, Ryker suddenly heard footsteps approaching and shuddered as he heard a distinctive sound, a special click he had recently learned.
"Ryker Beckman, I didn't expect to be the one to kill you."
Ryker looked back to see a young red-haired man with other men, all with guns and masks on their faces.
Bang!
Bang!
Bang!



Chapter 163 Dark Dawn (2)
One hour later...
Vicente and Nova were currently walking along one of the western sides of The Rocky Gorge, slowly approaching the end of their journey to escape this forested area.
Vicente had used as much as he could to get Nova and himself as far away from this dangerous area as possible, flying without a trace on their original path.
But as soon as he had used up more than half of his strength, Vicente stopped moving in that way earlier to conserve his energy.
A few minutes ago, Vicente and Nova stopped in an area with no signs of enemies nearby and began their journey on foot.
By now, they were close to the exit of this area and already quite tired. Thus, they slowed down to avoid exhausting themselves completely.
Like runners in a marathon, they wouldn't use all their energy for most of the race, so they moved more slowly now so as not to reach the point where they would have to stop to meditate.
Nova had used up all her potions earlier, and now they only had what little mana was left in their bodies to deal with this challenge.
As they went through this last part of their journey, Nova asked Vice. "Why did you show yourself before? If you had stayed hidden, none of this would have happened.
Perhaps you could have escaped... But now it's impossible." She said. "You killed soldiers. Now, the whole kingdom will be after you, Cesar!"
Vicente heard this, but he didn't despair. He had a way out of this problem. "I was only defending myself against corrupt soldiers. Captain, if you testify in my favor, I can easily escape this situation."
"I testify on your behalf?" She looked at him with disgust. "Why would I do that? I'm withholding from arresting you, Cesar."
"Because I'm innocent. I was just defending myself against corrupt soldiers."
"I don't know about that. If you were innocent, you stopped being innocent when you killed the leader of my group." She replied.
He laughed and said. "In any case, I had no choice. It would either do that or compromise my position. But I would never allow the second option to happen, no matter what the cost."
Nova looked at him in silence, a little surprised at his determination. Even though he was a despicable person, a murderer, the way Cesar was willing to risk himself was worthy of respect.
"I'm going to arrest you, Cesar. Don't worry. I'll hear your side of the story when you're locked up." She said as she changed her position and drew a sword.
Seeing this, Vicente narrowed his eyes and drew his pistol, seeing that his temporary ally was no longer friendly.
"Captain, what are you doing? We're in the middle of an escape." He said to her, his tone changing somewhat.
"We are far enough from the center of this forest. Cesar Mazzanti, surrender. I don't want to hurt you." She poured her mana into her sword, making her green gem glow brightly.
"Captain, I'm the one telling you this. Have you forgotten what I can do?" He showed her his skill, forming several sharp blades in the air aimed at her body.
As a swordsman, Nova had no defensive skills. Her defense was to use her sword against enemy attacks.
But if she couldn't dodge or counter enemy attacks, she could get hurt more easily than Vicente!
She laughed when she heard that. "Something tells me you won't do that to me." She advanced towards him, slashing with her sword at the weapon in Vicente's right hand.
But as she moved, Nova noticed something coming fast against her back, and her expression changed.
"It can't be!" She looked away, distracted by Vicente, not believing that he would attack her after he had not attacked her even once all night and had even rescued her when he would have had a lot of trouble escaping earlier.
But when she least expected it, a metal shield formed behind her back, and Vicente threw it over her right shoulder.
BOOM!
Nova felt the sound of the shot very close to her right ear and expressed pain, not expecting this action from Cesar.
But as she fell to the ground, having missed him, she saw who Vicente had shot at when she heard a loud sound of pain coming from a beast in the distance.
Seeing the monkey screaming in pain from the bullet that had hit it and noticing the shield breaking in front of the tree trunk that had been thrown, Nova understood what had just happened.
'He was protecting me even though I was attacking him?' She clenched her fists as she felt the worst feeling of all; being protected by someone she despised and had acted against.
In a way, Cesar, a criminal and murderer of army soldiers, had acted more nobly than her, even after being attacked!
Vicente didn't care what his temporary ally was thinking and used all his remaining mana to attack her and the other three beasts that had just appeared.
He didn't have much, so he did his best to finish off the already wounded one and at least take down one of the strongest enemies.
 'Shit! I hope that damned basilisk doesn't go after its subordinates!' Vicente broke out in a cold sweat but didn't think about anything else, acting as he formed his spells and spears with his innate skill.
Forming spears at the limit of the 1st grade, he attacked those creatures with a rain of spears and lightning, exhausting himself in his first move.
The four beasts, including the one that was hit in the chest by Vicente's bullet, protected themselves by placing the non-vital parts of their bodies in front of the vital ones and withstood Vicente's attack that could hurt even level 3 Acolytes.
These were level 4 Acolytes, so even though Vicente's movements hurt them, only the one wounded by the previous bullet couldn't resist his sudden movement.
"It's up to you now, Nova. If you can't beat them, we'll die!" Vicente shouted, making the woman look at the three beasts and no longer hesitate.
She moved her mana through her body and made her two pentagrams appear, ready to deliver a single blow and finish off these opponents.
Dimensional Slash!
She opened her mouth and screamed in agony, leaping into the air while making a diagonal movement with her sword until she launched a blade of energy that came out of her sword and slashed rapidly at the three creatures.
Swooish!



Chapter 164 Dark Dawn (3)
Nova's curved energy blade sliced through the air like lightning, cutting through the distance between her and the beasts so quickly that they didn't have a chance to dodge.
When they encountered the final attack of a 2nd stage magician, the three creatures couldn't stand it, and even with their thick beast skins, they felt their bodies being torn apart.
The first in the path of Nova's blade couldn't take it. A second after her attack, it saw the upper part of its monkey body fall to the ground in front of its still-standing legs, now completely separated from the rest of it.
The second in the path of the blade was not cut in half but had been severely wounded in the abdominal area, with a deep cut exposing its intestines to the exhausted Vice and Nova.
The last enemy standing, the weakest of the group, had suffered the least of this attack but still howled in pain, feeling the burning cut on its chest that would take time to heal.
It knew this, but seeing that its enemies were exhausted and it was out of danger, it screamed more out of a desire to murder them than out of pain.
"Shit!" Nova shouted as she fell to her knees on the ground, unable to stand.
At that moment, Nova saw the least injured creature jumping towards her and Vicente and regretted it, yelling at him.
"I'm sorry I attacked you, Cesar! This wouldn't have happened if it hadn't been for my idiocy!" She said, extremely sorry and unhappy that she had to die.
Vicente was already kneeling behind her and raised his dominant hand to attack again.
But when he did, he felt a twinge in his chest and pain in his eyes. He couldn't stand it anymore and coughed up blood.
"Cough!"
'No! No, I can't fall here! I shouldn't die at the hands of a beast of this level!' He tried to get up, feeling that he had to find a way out of this situation.
He had to take care of Nina. He had to carry out his revenge and also rescue Lauren. How could he accept to die there?
He closed his eyes briefly and looked inside himself, seeing a yellow Magic Pentagram in his subconscious connected to his second magical form.
'I have to risk it!' He made up his mind and opened his eyes, accepting every risk this desperate action would entail.
But when he opened his eyes, Vicente heard a distinctive sound nearby.
Bang!
Bang!
More than eight shots rang out in their vicinity, all aimed at the creature flying towards Vice and Nova.
Upon realizing this, Vicente felt as if all his weight had suddenly disappeared. He sighed, letting his body slump to the ground.
At that moment, morning was slowly dawning when a masked, red-haired young man appeared at the top of a nearby tree.
"You can rest now, boss. We're here to take you home!" Rory said as he noticed Vicente's situation, happy that he had found his friend in time to save him from that beast.
As his last words left the red-haired man's mouth, the huge level 4 monkey collapsed to the ground a meter away from Nova.
Already dead, the creature was no longer a threat to the group, and at the sight of it, Nova sighed, gradually losing consciousness after everything that had happened that night.
This was the end of the group's dark night and the beginning of a new day!
With his leader exhausted, Rory took charge of the situation and said. "I want two of you to go back with Captain Bain. Leave her body on her doorstep, but make sure she's all right. Let's not forget we have plans for her."
Two of the Acolytes in this group quickly picked up Nova's body and prepared to leave.
Rory said to the rest of the group. "Those of you who shouldn't be here, go back to your posts. The rest of you take your Don to the Fuller estate. In the meantime, I'll take over headquarters and deal with tonight's problems."
"Yes, deputy!" The men there shouted at the same time.
The Mazzanti family, to others, or the Fuller family to those close to them, had its hierarchy. Vicente was the boss, while Rory was the underboss, the deputy. Besides them, the group had Eve as Captain, the only one in that position at the moment. The rest were all soldiers and, as such, had to obey their superiors.
With Vicente unconscious, the men who normally acted as Vicente Fuller's employees quickly picked up their boss and returned to Millfall.
As Rory and his group, as well as the two carrying Nova, did the same, they soon left, not wanting to wait for any more beasts from the area to come after the four bodies.
As he left, Rory sighed, feeling the weight of a night of killing but also imagining how complicated the next few hours would be.
"Sigh..."
 'This is going to be a complicated day.' He sighed as he moved with his men.
He had killed the head of the Defiant Tyranny. Still, Vicente and the beasts from earlier had killed the entire top echelon of that faction. In addition, several army soldiers, members of the Symons family, and assassins had been killed that night.
When the news spread through Millfall, his group would surely be in trouble!
As the one who would be in charge, Rory was already beginning to feel a strong headache!
...
As Vice and Nova were being taken to their homes by the 'Mazzanti' men, a tall, blond young man in blood- and dirt-stained armor appeared pale at the entrance to Millfall.
"Help me! Help me! Help me!" Marcus Symons, the only survivor of that chaotic night besides Vice and Nova, appeared at the entrance to the town, having finally arrived there after fleeing from Cesar hours earlier.
In the middle of his escape, he was suddenly attacked by the beasts of the place. Luckily for him, he was far enough away from the center of the forest region that his opponent wasn't strong enough to kill him.
Still, he was badly injured and had barely made it to the place whole.
Hearing someone's cries, the soldiers who kept an eye on this entrance to the city soon approached Marcus and realized who he was.
"The Viscount's son?" One of the men paled at the sight of Marcus' situation, imagining the chaos about to hit Millfall!
"Quickly! Alert the Symons estate! The young master is gravely injured! Get all the local doctors!"
And with this bloody return of Marcus, word would begin to spread through Millfall that night!



Chapter 165 Local Reactions
With the dawn of this new day, things began to get hectic for the various groups around Millfall!
At this very moment, the Symons' mansion was on alert, with several men standing around the area and people coming and going from the place in a hurry, with worried looks on their faces.
The young master Symons had just returned from a night of persecution and was being attended by the best local doctors.
Meanwhile, the place was on alert for the non-return of the rest of Marcus' party, who had left the night before with some of the strongest members of the family to deal with Cesar Mazzanti.
With the possibility that the family had lost some of their most important men, the guards around the estate had ugly expressions on their faces as they were tense.
'What will happen now? Has Cesar wiped out our group?'
'Damn it! How dare he? Does he know who we are?'
'When His Grace returns, we'll wipe out the bastard and his family!'
Several guards in the area were out for revenge, and even without knowing what had really happened, they already blamed Cesar for the disappearance, possibly deaths, of this family's men!
...
In a luxurious room of that mansion, Marcus lay on his bed while several beautiful women dressed as servants assisted the doctors there.
At the same time, two well-dressed men with Magic Gems similar to Marcus's stared at him in disbelief at what had happened.
"Big brother Marcus, what happened?" The younger of the two asked, looking at his brother's deep wounds.
Marcus had barely survived!
Meanwhile, Marcus' paternal uncle watched in silence as three doctors worked on the wounds on the young Symons heir's legs, stomach, and arms.
Marcus expressed pain but managed to say a few words.
"Hah... We were looking for that damned Cesar... Hah... Hah... Then he attacked us and fled to the central area of The Rocky Gorge..." He said as he gasped for air, feeling pain even considering the anesthetics the doctors around him had already given him.
"I don't know exactly what happened... Hah... But damned Cesar managed to break up my group... After that... We were forced to split up... Hah... Hah... Unfortunately, I was being chased by beasts... Hah... I couldn't chase them anymore and had to return to the city...
I almost died at the hands of that damned beast."
He said, and then one of the doctors there shouted.
"Please, young master, don't talk anymore. You're badly injured. If you keep talking, I'm afraid it will affect your recovery."
Hearing this, the two well-dressed men with blond hair and piercing eyes looked at each other and stopped asking questions.
"It seems that Cesar is behind the demise of our men..." The young man commented to his uncle as he left the room. "What are we going to do?"
"Tell the people at the Martial Court. In the meantime, I'll prepare my group and our contacts to declare a curfew. We'll search this town, house by house until we find the bastard!"
"What if he's not here?"
"He definitely is. After what happened to his group, he'll have to be nearby, or his group will perish!"
...
Meanwhile, at the headquarters of the Defiant Tyranny...
This place where gambling and prostitution were normally available to its customers day and night, there were no whores or addicts occupying the corridors of the building now.
The doors of this place were closed, and the only people there were the direct members of this criminal faction, who were nervously awaiting the return of their leaders.
However, the longer it went without news of what had happened, the more anxious the people became.
'What if the bosses have fallen?' One of the men at that post, waiting for news of their leaders, thought to himself as he looked at his allies in that place.
As he narrowed his eyes, he saw them less as allies and more as enemies.
'I have to get ready. This place will fall if the bosses don't return in six hours. Whoever acts first will benefit the most!' He thought.
Unlike what happened to criminal groups on Earth, in Polaris Realm, the whole group would fall if the leadership of such a faction fell. After all, unlike on that small blue planet, in this world, such groups depended on the magical level of their leaders.
 If there were no surviving magicians as strong as their leaders, it would be difficult for such a group to remain standing after the death of its leaders!
Knowing that he and the rest of the people there would not be able to withstand the pressure of the Scarlet Syndicate, let alone the local nobles, this man had in mind to take what he could and flee before anyone started to 'clean up' this city.
'The army or noble groups will eliminate us to wipe out witnesses. I don't have much time. I must be ready when the time comes.' One of his hands shook, and he brought it up to a sword at his waist.
...
Meanwhile, the Commander of the local royal army post was sweating nervously in his office at the local base as one of his groups failed to return.
When he received the news of Cesar's reappearance in the city that night, the Commander had sent several groups to solve the problem, keeping his promise to Defiant Tyranny.
He wasn't happy with this group but was willing to eliminate Vicente.
However, hours after the news of Vicente's reappearance, one of his groups disappeared and didn't return to the local base for more than 8 hours!
Knowing this and knowing that Cesar was not in Millfall, this man waited for news of his other groups, nervously pointing a pencil as he waited.
But just then, the door to his office opened, and he heard. "Commander, something terrible has happened! One of the groups looking for Cesar just found Captain Bain unconscious on her doorstep!"
"What?" The man got up from his chair, knowing that Nova should be looking for Cesar, not in Millfall.
"How did she get back without anyone noticing? Where is the Captain?" He asked, eager for answers.
"She's being taken to the barracks as we speak, Commander. But she's still unconscious. The doctors at the post are already preparing to receive her." The soldier communicated in a nervous tone, still without news of the other groups acting in favor of Cesar's downfall.
One of the groups had taken over the headquarters of the Mazzanti family, while some of the men there had been arrested after their post was taken the night before. On the other hand, more than 20 2nd-stage soldiers were moving toward The Rocky Gorge to learn the whereabouts of their comrades, understand what had happened, and perhaps rescue them.
"Bring Nova to me as soon as she wakes up. I want to know everything that happened!" The Commander shouted, anxious to hear some good news from Captain Bain, his last hope at the moment.
But while he waited, the local nobles and the wealthiest of Millfall would soon begin to discuss the matter, and they would be the first to talk about the night's disappearances and what might have happened while the town slept!



Chapter 166 The Rumor
As the sky over Millfall turned completely blue, and the heat began to rise, the ordinary people of this city were already out on the streets, going to their jobs or starting their activities.
In some places, middle-aged women opened the windows of their homes and began cleaning them. In another, men were already moving from place to place with pack animals and wagons, moving resources of all kinds between local businesses.
Meanwhile, the local sidewalks were bustling after the "quiet" evening, with people of varying degrees of dress passing through.
But small crowds were already forming in the taverns and inns where breakfast was served early in the day as storytellers spread the latest news.
Everywhere, there were people telling gossip, spreading news, and even making things up to attract attention and have an excuse to talk.
This was true on Earth, but it was also true in Polaris Realm.
After the news first reached the soldiers, nobles, and their subordinates in that city, the relatives of the people who first heard about the previous night's events soon knew 'everything' and spread the news among themselves.
By the time the rumors reached the local taverns, it was too late to contain the news!
"Man, you don't know what happened last night! Cesar Mazzanti returned to the city and started a rebellion!
Several soldiers, assassins seeking his reward, and even noblemen's subordinates fell into his hands the night before!" A thin, shabbily dressed man said this when he saw his friend in the tavern he had just entered.
"What? You're talking nonsense! How could an Apprentice do all that?" A fat man, also poorly dressed, said, not believing his friend.
"But that's what happened. They say the Defiant Tyranny is in tatters, and even ordinary people can challenge them now. There isn't even one of their men in their territory this morning!" The thin man said with a smile on his face.
...
Meanwhile, at Zander and River's tavern...
The two brothers had just opened their tavern and were wondering why none of Vicente's men had shown up when they suddenly heard from some of their regulars.
"No wonder your guards aren't here, old Zander. Have you heard anything about what happened last night? Can you fill us in?" A smiling middle-aged man asked as they approached the two of them along with other customers who had just entered.
"What are you talking about?" River asked, still unaware of last night's events.
"Don't you know?" A tall, strong man asked. "Cesar got into a lot of trouble the night before. Some say Defiant Tyranny, assassins, and army soldiers hunted him.
Many are already saying that he died fighting with those groups!"
"What?" Zander heard this and was worried.
"But if that's true, then he really was a monster. I heard that not even the leader of Defiant Tyranny, a level 5 Acolyte, has returned!" An 18-year-old said, feeling that even if he had died, Cesar would have made his name in local history.
The two brothers looked at each other as they heard this and several other comments, feeling this would be bad for them.
Without Vicente and his men, their business would continue to suffer.
The fall of the Defiant Tyranny would not change the actions of daring customers or petty criminals!
...
While half the city believed that Cesar had exterminated several Acolytes and died with honor, the other half believed that he was still alive, even after fighting such dangerous individuals.
Alternative versions of the same story were already spreading through the city's alleys, with some even saying that Cesar wasn't human, that he was an immortal, perhaps a vampire.
But while the commoners were talking feverishly, curious and worried about the future of their city, the Scarlet Syndicate was on the move.
This group was aware of how things had begun the night before. With the various rumors that had already reached them and information about who had left and returned to the city before dawn, the group was aware of the problematic time their enemies were in.
At the Scarlet Syndicate headquarters, one of the few satisfied men this morning was communicating with his most trusted men, who were already positioned throughout the city.
"How are you guys? Any problems so far?" The Scarlet Syndicate leader asked, eager to take over what Defiant Tyranny had amassed.
Previously, this man had wanted peace so that his group could absorb what they had. But that was because he didn't want to fight and risk his group's comfortable position. Yet, if someone else were to act in his place and create opportunities for his people, he wouldn't be the one to miss out.
With Defiant Tyranny weakened without its leaders, it was time for him to act and rule this city!
"We're fine, boss. Our targets' defenses have been weakened. They really are distracted."
"It's the same here. In fact, as far as I can see, even if we do nothing, Defiant Tyranny will fall before nightfall."
 "Good! Gather all the resources the damned Ryker left behind and the artifacts from his troops! Let's not let the surviving parasites take those resources!" Said Brody Wright, leader of the Scarlet Syndicate, smiling at his group's short-range communicators.
But then one of his men cautioned. "Boss, we must watch out for the local noble families. Some of Defiant Tyranny's supporters are already on the move."
"I know. I'll pressure the army to help us later. For now, raid the enemy outposts and collect our new resources!" He said in a tone more excited than worried, mentally thanking Cesar for generating all this for him.
After a night of fighting, the side that would benefit the most from all of this would be his, the one that had been least involved in last night's clashes!
He couldn't help but smile in satisfaction as he thought about how everyone involved in last night's incident might have died.
'Thanks, Cesar, you did a good job!' He leaned back in his chair, smoked a long cigar, and began to wait for the results of his men's actions in the city.
Now, it was time for him to collect the spoils of war from those individuals!
...
Meanwhile, Nova woke up in the infirmary of the royal army headquarters in Millfall!
"Cesar!" She screamed as she opened her eyes and looked around, searching for the man she had seen before she passed out the night before.



Chapter 167 The Truth
"Cesar!" Nova shouted as she woke up, looking around and realizing that this was not where she had passed out hours ago.
Seeing and hearing the reaction of this beautiful blue-haired woman, one of the doctors on duty rushed over and said. "Captain Bain, you're back at Millfall base. Do you remember what happened the night before?"
Hearing this and looking at the doctor, Nova understood where she was and remembered that Cesar's group had appeared at the last moment and rescued her and her temporary ally.
"Yes, I was on a mission to arrest or eliminate Cesar Mazzanti." She said, indicating to the doctor that she understood her situation.
Confirming that she knew where she was and what had happened the night before, the doctor saw that none of Nova's neurological functions had been affected. "Very well, you should go to the Commander's office. He asked you to go there as soon as you wake up.
Oh, don't worry about your body or your magic. You were only unconscious due to mana exhaustion and some minor injuries. You can return to your duties after a day's rest."
With that, she realized that even though she had been taken unconscious by Cesar's people, they hadn't done anything to her.
'Why didn't they kill me?' She asked herself.
From her point of view, since she was the only survivor, the best thing for Cesar's group was that she did not return to Millfall and that everything against him was just a theory. If she didn't return, no one could prove anything against him, and he could eventually get away with the crimes he committed the night before!
Come to think of it, if she had been in his place, she would have chosen this option and cleared up this loose end for her own benefit.
But that hadn't happened, and she couldn't help but think about that as she made her way to her boss' office.
Arriving there, she greeted the Commander as she was supposed to before the powerful man looked at her seriously and began his interrogation in search of the truth.
"Nova Bain, what happened last night? Your group disappeared, and we still haven't heard from the others in your group, but still, we found you on your doorstep this morning." He said as he sat in his chair.
Nova understood what Cesar's people had done, and in her mind, she was grateful that they hadn't made the decision she would have made in his place.
"Only I came back?" She muttered as she looked at the ground, imagining everyone else who had seen the basilisk the night before had died.
"No, Marcus Symons has also returned." The Commander declared. "He arrived in town just before the soldiers found you on your doorstep. The young master of the Symons family told his family that Cesar Mazzanti had wreaked havoc on his family and the local forces the night before."
Hearing this, Nova felt terrible, for Marcus had seen virtually nothing of what had happened the night before, having chickened out and fled before the first deaths from Cesar's gunfire.
Feeling indebted to the man who had possibly saved her life twice, she clenched her fists and denied the young master Symons' words. "That is not true. Last night, Cesar fled Millfall and headed for The Rocky Gorge.
When we found him, we still didn't know his goal other than to escape us. But later that night, our whole group would understand that he wanted to use the magical creatures in that area to evade our pursuit."
She looked at her leader and lied for the first time in her life. "But Cesar himself did not kill any of our men."
"Oh?" The Commander wasn't suspicious of Nova because it made sense. As impressive as he was, Cesar was only a Senior Apprentice.
In a situation like the night before, he had to use some kind of strategy, like using the strength of others to stop his enemies.
"What exactly happened?" He asked.
Thinking that there were no other witnesses to contradict what she had in mind, Nova said. "When we found Cesar, he fired his weapons at our group to buy time and maybe weaken us.
But he wasn't very successful and had to continue with his dangerous plan. But just as we were about to surround him after the initial distraction, he got into a confrontation with beasts and brought them towards us.
In this situation, we couldn't deal with him and had to take care of the 2nd stage creatures.
But little did we know that there was a 3rd stage basilisk in the area that would eventually show up to kill and hunt down several of us."
The Commander became more serious after hearing about the basilisk, a powerful creature rumored to have been sighted in the area.
"A basilisk?" He clenched his fists, feeling that it was a danger to Millfall to have such a creature so close.
As much as the army was meant to maintain the king's lands and enforce his laws, the basic principle of this organization was to protect the human kingdom from non-human magical beings!
Why did society accept groups that levied taxes and decided the rules they had to follow? It was simply because society as a whole needed protectors.
Maybe these protectors weren't so good at protecting society from other members of the same society. Still, they were needed to ensure that beings like beasts didn't victimize their people.
Thus, at the beginning of this civilization, groups that would become royal families, sects, and powerful clans arose as organizations for the security of human societies.
In the case of the royal army of the Seidel kingdom, even today, one of its purposes was to guarantee the security of the king's cities!
Knowing this, the Commander couldn't help but be concerned when one of his soldiers reported the sighting of such a powerful and vile creature so close to Millfall.
 Nova explained. "Yes, it commanded the other beasts in the area and started a big hunt against us humans.
I don't know what happened to Cesar, but I almost died trying to escape them. Luckily, I could kill the last of the beasts chasing me before I used a life-saving item to get into Millfall."
Hearing that and worried about the basilisk threat, the Commander didn't doubt Nova.
"So that's what happened." He muttered before standing up and ordering Nova and the person outside the office. "Inform the rest of the barracks. Everyone is to return from their positions, including those investigating what happened at The Rocky Gorge.
Let's get ready to face the threat of this 3rd stage basilisk!"



Chapter 168 Vicentes Awakening
As Millfall reacted to the news, rumors, and actions of the previous night, Vicente awoke in his residence.
After making sure that no enemies were watching the place, his men settled down to keep an eye on the area while their boss recovered on his own.
After a night of action, not only by Vice's group but also by these men, who had faced the beasts of The Rocky Gorge on more than one occasion, they had used up all the restorative potions they had.
But knowing that their boss was not seriously injured, these men had let him rest and recover on his own from the moment they arrived at this place an hour and a half ago until now.
They wouldn't risk bringing in local doctors at this point and couldn't even if they wanted to. After last night, all the doctors in Millfall were busy treating the wounded assassins, the young master Symons and Nova.
But while most of them were waiting in Vicente's room, the bed sheets suddenly moved, and all the men there looked at him.
"Boss..."
They simultaneously said as they saw Vicente open his eyes and raise his upper body as if to defend himself or prepare for a fight.
But as he made this move, Vicente quickly formed a pained expression on his face. He brought his hands to his face, feeling an unprecedented headache.
Given the location of the Magic Gem in the head, it wouldn't be uncommon for someone to experience headaches, eye sensitivity, and other symptoms related to that part of the body after the kind of exhaustion he experienced.
But while his head felt like it was being split in half, Vicente felt pain all over his body, as if he had done a full-body workout the day before.
'Fuck! What is this pain?' He asked himself as the previous day's memories slowly returned to him.
Even though he hadn't been seriously injured the night before, he had done things that had used all of his muscles.
As he recalled the scenes of the previous night's battle, he understood why he felt as if a truck had run over him.
He looked at the three men in that room of his house, each in a different part of the room, one at the front door and two at different windows, rifles pointed out.
He sighed and said. "Thank you for saving Nova and me the other night. We would have become beast food if it wasn't for you."
"Don't say that, boss. We were just doing our duty." A level 1 Acolyte said, but he was delighted to be able to help.
Vicente and Rory were phenomenal. They had incredible powers and unparalleled advancement rates. It was important to these men to be able to help them, even though they were so much less talented. They were also pleased to give back some of what they had gained.
"Anyway, you did a good job the night before..." He said before worrying about his family. "But tell me what happened in Millfall after I left. Where is Nina? What happened after I passed out?"
One of the three stayed where he was, watching one of the streets outside the house, and said. "Young Miss Nina is with Shelby Staples.
When the incident broke out the night before, she came to this property and said she would take the Young Miss along with Eve to her property to keep them safe.
We had no choice, and Eve went along with her plan. After that, we joined the rest of the group to look for the boss."
Hearing this, Vicente frowned.
Despite his agreement with Shelby, he didn't like this woman. No matter how beneficial their relationship might be for the time being, nothing would change the way she had acted to get close to him.
Could she be contained in the short term? Probably, after all, she had signed a Magic Agreement with Vice. But that could change in the future, as she had already shown herself capable of using strategies that Vicente didn't like.
'After my situation in Millfall improves, I'll have to find a way to control this woman...' He thought before listening.
"But they're fine, boss. We got word that the three of them were seen leaving the Staples estate this morning on their way to the academy." Another of them said, reassuring Vice.
"Hmm, it seems that the enemy who acted against me the night before was the only one who knew my identity... That's not bad. Our losses last night may have been less than I thought." He commented quietly, sitting down on the bed.
"What about Nova?"
Another of the men said. "Another group of us did what the deputy ordered. They left her body in front of her house. Minutes later, an army group found her and took her to the royal army headquarters in town."
"Oh? That's good. She's important for our plans." Vicente said, but in his mind, he knew that what he wanted with Nova didn't justify saving her.
Logically, he should have let her die. That would have given him control over the situation he was in.
Of course, he couldn't be sure if that was the best thing to do, but Nova's death would end up with a great witness who could end Cesar's life.
But being 100% rational and logical was difficult even for a mafia leader. For his family and those he cared about, Vicente was willing to do crazy things.
That was his greatest weakness!
 After a discreet smile, he asked. "What about the survivors? Has anyone else who chased me yesterday returned to Millfall?"
"Yes. Marcus Symons. Apart from him and Nova, no one else has returned to the town, boss." The man standing at the door to Vicente's room said this as he looked at his boss.
"Marcus Symons, huh?" Vicente closed his eyes and remembered this cockroach who had survived the situation the night before and then fled.
'It looks like I missed a great opportunity to solve my problem with your family.' Vicente clenched his fists, realizing that this would get him into trouble in the future.
Unfortunately, in this situation, Vicente had to focus on staying alive. He hadn't been able to concentrate on Marcus.
But if only young master Symons had returned alive, at least many of his enemies had perished the night before!
"But boss, we have good news. The deputy has killed Ryker, the leader of the Defiant Tyranny."



Chapter 169 Vice and Rorys Plans
"Oh? Did Rory kill that level 5 Acolyte?" Vicente asked with interest, a twinkle in his eyes quite different from the worried look of a few seconds ago.
"Yes, the guy was badly injured. He seemed to have had several parts of his body eaten by some kind of beast. On top of that, he could barely walk, and his mana was so low that we could threaten his life even without our weapons." One of those guys explained how it had been possible to kill the leader of Defiant Tyranny, even though there was a huge difference between them.
The current weapons of Vice and his people could only threaten level 4 Acolytes if they used good strategies and had surprise on their side. Otherwise, this group's weapons could threaten only level 3 or lower-level Acolytes.
However, the characteristics of magicians' bodies ranged!
Stamina was at its peak when a magician's mana was at its highest and at its lowest when a magician was exhausted.
Not only that, a level 2 Acolyte would be more resilient than a level 1 Acolyte when both were exhausted.
One's permanent characteristics also improved as one became stronger and reached higher magic levels.
However, the higher the level, the closer one was to the top of the exponential curve. But the reverse was also true! At lower levels, there would be little difference between the powers. During exhaustion, with extreme injuries, even someone at the end of the 2nd stage could be vulnerable to 1st-stage magicians.
For this very reason, Vicente's weapons could end the lives of magicians much stronger than their limit because while the characteristics of the bullets were always constant, the qualities of their targets could vary greatly depending on the circumstances.
Vicente had learned this at the Academy of Stars and had no trouble understanding how Rory had killed Ryker.
"Excellent! With the death of Defiant Tyranny's leader, that faction will fall in a matter of hours. The same will happen with the bounty on my head!" Vice said with a smile, satisfied with what had happened to his enemy.
Without that bounty, the last thing that could stop Cesar from moving freely around the city would be the army that was against him.
But not having to worry about assassins was a good thing!
'Defiant Tyranny's supporters need a new group to pay them fees...' Vicente smiled at this thought.
The point of allowing a group like Defiant Tyranny to exist was to create a competitor to the Scarlet Syndicate and a fee-payer for noble houses and kingdom officials, such as soldiers and members of the Martial Court.
His disappearance would make room for the Scarlet Syndicate to grow, but it would also increase the need for a new group to emerge.
Considering the many threats he had made recently, Vicente felt he could use this to steer these people in a new direction.
'If they agree to ally with me, we can pacify the city, maintain the local balance of power, and make gains for all sides.' He clenched his fists, eager to get down to business.
As a mafioso, Vicente was perfectly open to resolving a complicated situation with a deal. Sometimes, problems had to be solved with massacres and the extermination of entire families. But these were serious actions that shouldn't be considered until things reached their limits.
Don Cesar had often shaken hands with his enemies on Earth. If it weren't for his ability to negotiate and sit around the same table with his opponents, he wouldn't have even reached the top with his family, one of the most influential in his country.
Vicente knew Cesar's history and saw no problem in sitting at the same table with the nobles who had supported his enemies.
He ordered his men. "Very well, I have new plans for this city. First, we must regain what we lost the night before and expand into the territory of the Defiant Tyranny.
Let's put the Symons family problem aside for the moment and concentrate on occupying the space left by the Defiant Tyranny.
Once we have men in place, it will be time for me to negotiate the support of the local nobility and solidify our family's position by resolving our problem with the army and the Martial Court."
"That..."
"Boss, won't that go against your agreement with Miss Staples?"
Vicente laughed and said. "Shelby wants chaos for the nobles, so it would be terrible for me to stabilize the situation in Millfall. But don't think it will happen in a day or two. Before we reach the culmination of this plan, there will be blood in the streets."
The men there shivered as they listened to their leader, understanding that there were no eternal enemies or allies.
"Tell the rest of the family about this. I want the group to focus on this as soon as possible."
"Yes, boss!"
...
Meanwhile, Rory was near his group's headquarters, taking over the reins of the Mazzanti family while Cesar could still not show himself in public.
After separating his group at dawn, he arrived at their headquarters to find the place surrounded by soldiers and badly damaged.
While he and his men kept an eye on the soldiers, they discovered what had happened to the people who had been there the night before.
Of the more than 30 people who had been there last night, 7 had died at the hands of assassins and other enemies who had attacked them before the royal soldiers entered the place in search of Vicente.
 Most survivors had been injured, and only a group of five had escaped unharmed. 
But between the injured and the uninjured, all the Acolytes in the group had been arrested by the royal forces, and only the Apprentices had escaped the worst and were free.
Realizing this after dozens of minutes of observation, Rory was worried sick when he rejoined his men.
"Deputy, the situation of the group is terrible. How are we supposed to maintain our operations if we don't have our most important men?" One of the men beside Rory asked.
"First, let's focus on finding the group's Apprentices. They're freed and must have gone to a safe place in town where we can find them." Rory said.
Even without their Acolytes, the Mazzanti family could still be considered very strong, for with Vicente's upgraded weapons, the Senior Apprentices had abilities similar to those of those Acolytes!
"If we find them and our Don finishes upgrading our weapons, we'll have enough strength to continue our operations."
"But how, deputy? Most of our group's weapons and items have been confiscated by the army." One of the men at Rory's side reminded the young man of this fact.
"And that's a problem? If they don't return them for good, we'll steal our weapons!"



Chapter 170 Precious Possibility
A few hours into the day, Vicente finished meditating and recovering from the night before, having reached 72% progress at the Senior Apprentice level.
But soon after this morning's meditation, Vicente didn't stay at home but went out into the street with plans to start sorting out some matters that he could pursue with his real identity.
Leaving the house, he went to the academy where Nina had been studying, where he quickly gained access to the area to go to Shelby Staples, the teacher who he said had called him there this morning to talk about his sister.
Finding no problems at the academy and no one watching Shelby this morning due to the incident the night before, he was soon outside the class where this woman was teaching.
When he got there, Vicente saw Nina sitting very calmly in one of the first chairs in the classroom and sighed, realizing that his little sister was fine.
After waiting for five minutes, he finally saw the woman leave the classroom and come to see him after ignoring three knocks on the door.
Seeing that it wasn't an academy employee but her latest ally, Shelby's expression immediately changed, and she quickly made up an excuse to leave her students alone while she dealt with Vice.
As she approached him, she couldn't hide her nervousness and asked. "What happened the night before? Do you know how worried I was? You almost ruined all our plans!"
Vicente bitterly laughed. "It wasn't as if I had the situation under control... Anyway, what's done is done. But I have good news. Defiant Tyranny is finished."
"Really? You don't have to tell me. The Scarlet Syndicate attacked all of Defiant Tyranny's outposts in the early hours of this morning!" Shelby told Vicente, showing him how fast her allies were.
"Oh?"
"They killed a dozen of Defiant Tyranny's Acolytes who tried to steal the faction's members and got in their way. The rest of the members of that group defected during the attack, and today, Defiant Tyranny no longer controls any of their territories in Millfall!"
"As expected... Things are really chaotic. But you should be happy about it. No?" He asked, looking into the woman's eyes.
"You think I'm happy about a little chaos caused by unplanned actions? That's terrible! My way, the chaos in these noble families would be much worse! My way, there would be a revolution. Even the royal family would have to choose new nobles!"
Vice looked at her more seriously and said. "We'll see in the future. For now, I have nothing to do with what has already happened. I just came here to see how Nina is and tell you I'm adjusting my plans. In about three days, I plan to make my move."
"I'd be careful if I were you." She warned him. "With the royal army still the enemy of our mutual friend and now the Symons family wanting his head, I wouldn't act before I was sure of all the possibilities."
"I know. Don't worry, I'll be prepared." He said.
"I hope so, but is it true that there's a 3rd-stage basilisk in The Rocky Gorge?" She looked at him anxiously.
Vicente saw the power this woman had to have all this news before the middle of the day and realized that he would have to be more careful with her if he ever became her enemy.
But he answered her. "Yes, at least one of those beasts is in this area. Our friend would probably have died last night if it weren't for them."
Hearing this confirmation, Shelby gave him a somewhat mixed look.
"Do you know what this means for Millfall?"
"Danger?"
"Not only that... Opportunity." She said, despite her fear of one of those beasts coming to this town.
"Basilisks aren't just beasts protective about their territory. As powerful and hostile beings, they wouldn't hesitate to attack a city to make themselves stronger by devouring powerful things or people.
With last night's incident, it will only be a matter of time before it attacks us or we attack it.
Then there will be opportunities for us." She clenched her fists. "Not only is the body of a 3rd-stage basilisk valuable even to Mages, but so are its possessions.
Wherever its nest is, that basilisk will almost certainly have many valuable human possessions in it."
Basilisks, or beasts in general, could grow stronger by devouring their enemies. As creatures with little rationality and who acted instinctively, they usually hunted down strong humans who invaded their territories and sometimes attacked cities.
But the beasts had little or no use for human artifacts like those of the men who had chased Vicente the night before.
After devouring their prey, these creatures would store everything they found on their enemies in their nests!
Knowing it, Shelby couldn't ignore the potential basilisk hunt in The Rocky Gorge that would surely take place in a few weeks or months.
"Would you like to join the hunt?" Vicente looked at her with interest but also saw that she liked to take more risks than she seemed to.
"Not me, you." She grinned at him. "I'll take care of gathering information and supporting you. In return, you'll go to that place and give me a piece of what you get there."
"That won't work. I'm not strong enough to face that creature..."
 "Don't be so quick to refuse. Think about it first." She said confidently. "If you consider it, I'll help you solve your problems with the Martial Court. Once that happens, your only troublesome enemy in town will be the Symons family.
But I can't get involved, or I would only make things more difficult for you."
Vicente said nothing when he heard that, keeping Shelby's words in his mind. "I'll think about it after I've handled this situation. I'll give you an answer in a few days."
"Perfect. I hope you won't disappoint me."
With that settled, Vicente said goodbye to Shelby and soon made his way to Nova's house, with whom he had many things to talk about despite being in his real identity.
He wanted to see her as Vicente before his next 'trip' out of Millfall, as he would soon be away from this place for days...
At the same time, he was a little worried about her after the night before and couldn't help but go to see her now at the beginning of the afternoon.



Chapter 171 Meeting Before the Journey (1)
When he arrived at Nova's door, Vicente realized that this woman was in her house even before he got to her door.
After talking to the army commander in Millfall, she had gone through some procedures at the local headquarters and then been released to take a day's rest.
As delicate as the local situation was now, after what she had been through the night before, she would be given the day off, regardless of the lack of army personnel that day.
Unless the Basilisk decided to attack the city, she could get her well-deserved rest without even having to obey the Commander.
But even on her day off, Nova had a lot on her mind and stood in her kitchen trying to make tea to calm herself down.
Amid her nervousness, she couldn't help but think of Cesar, the mysterious man around her who had saved her life twice the night before.
'Why did he do that?' She asked herself again when she suddenly heard a knock at her front door and was startled.
But when she looked strangely in that direction, she soon heard a familiar voice, and her stress eased.
"Nova, it's me, Vicente."
"Sigh..."
Sighing, she put down the knife she had quickly picked up when she heard the sound of Vice knocking on the door and went to the front door of her house.
"Vice, it's good to see you. You don't know what happened the night before." She said as she opened the door and saw the look in her friend's eyes.
"Really?" He smiled at her but pushed against Nova, forcing her to walk backward until she found one of the walls behind her.
Vicente quickly closed the door and wrapped his arms around Nova's slender waist, going for her lips.
Nova still didn't know what would happen between her and Vicente. Her feelings for him were strange, but she let herself do more than she should whenever she was with him.
Even though she hadn't intended to kiss him, the moment she felt his lips touching hers, she couldn't help but open her mouth and let her friend's tongue pass through.
"Mmmmmm~"
Vicente grabbed one of Nova's buttocks while his other hand massaged the blue-haired woman's seductive neck.
Feeling a mixture of sensations caused by his touches, she gradually overcame the temptation, opened her eyes, and pulled her lips away from his.
"Hah... Hah... You left me breathless..." She said this before turning her face away, her cheeks flushed.
Seeing her take a few steps away from him, Vicente smiled and asked. "You seem more tense than usual. Is there something wrong? I can listen or, if you don't want to talk, give you a massage."
She looked at him, saw that he wanted to go further with his touches, and laughed. "We can talk for today."
She knew what went through every man's mind when they were alone with a beautiful woman like her. Vicente surely wanted to take her to bed!
Even though she was a virgin, Nova was no fool. And hell, she herself was tempted to give in and experience the feelings she had...
But she was a woman who wanted to get married, who wanted to have a family. It wouldn't be right for her to let Vicente come into her life and do whatever he wanted with her without there being a commitment between them first, at least an interest in something more profound.
She was determined not to give in to his attempts until she was sure of what she wanted with him!
Vicente knew when to push and when to give his women space. Seeing the look on Nova's face, he walked toward the kitchen, smelling the aroma of his friend's tea.
"What happened? Does this have something to do with Cesar's actions the night before?" He asked as he sat down on a chair in the kitchen. "I heard that Cesar died after defying the local leaders..."
"Impossible. He's definitely alive." She walked over to the side of the boiler. "But I don't know how he is. The night before was very chaotic... But he was alive the last time I saw him."
"Oh? You were involved in all that?" He showed surprise.
"Yes, unfortunately. I really wish I hadn't had to see the things I did..." She said vaguely, staring into space as if her mind was far away.
"The important thing is that you're okay, Nova. Everything else doesn't matter. The problems of the future can be left for later. You should think about what you can do here and now." He looked at her with interest as he laced the fingers of his hands behind his back.
"But with your report, I believe the city will finally be rid of this Cesar. Alive or not, he will definitely be captured by the royal forces after tonight."
Hearing this, Nova swallowed her saliva while expressing her concern.
"No..." She murmured quietly. "After all, he only protected himself the night before. Cesar actually tried to avoid the confrontation as much as possible."
 "Eh?" Vicente's eyes lit up at the words. 'You decided to protect me?' He thought, seeing that one of the possibilities he had considered was developing, even though it was one of the least likely.
"I wouldn't expect that from a criminal associated with the Defiant Tyranny and the Scarlet Syndicate," Vicente commented, trying to get Nova to open her mouth.
Hearing this, Nova looked at Vicente but didn't say anything right away. 'I thought about telling the truth. Still, when I heard that young master Symons would make Cesar's situation worse, I felt terrible about not doing anything for the person who saved me...
I'm sorry, Vice, I can't talk to you about this. It would make me look like a corrupt person!' She closed her eyes as she turned off the magical device she was using to heat the water.
In Nova's mind, what Cesar had done the night before had been a reaction of self-defense against people who had unjustly attacked him.
He had killed army soldiers and deserved to be punished. However, he didn't deserve to be blamed for all the deaths the night before, nor did he deserve to become an enemy of the army because corrupt acts led to these deaths.
The whole problem had started because of the army members' strange actions. She didn't want his situation to reach a critical point of no return because of something wrong and because she herself had done nothing to prevent an injustice.
She knew he deserved to be punished for the dead soldiers, but she also owed Cesar a debt.
After much thought and considering Marcus Symons' bad reputation, she decided to protect Cesar and pay for it by using the second chance she had been given to remain a soldier in the royal army.
She looked at the hot water falling into a mug and thought. 'My debt to you is paid, Cesar. Don't make a mistake before me. This time, I will not spare you!'
She turned and smiled at Vicente and handed him a cup of tea.



Chapter 172 Meeting Before the Journey (2)
"Yes, but I don't know if that will help him much. Even if Cesar manages to escape trouble with the army and the Martial Court, he probably won't escape trouble with the Symons family.
Right now, the Viscount is out of town, and the family probably won't have much of a case against him without the help of the army and the court. But when the Viscount returns, anything can happen...
So even if he survived and his situation improved somewhat with the fall of the Defiant Tyranny, Cesar still had a noose around his neck." Nova said as she sat down across from Vicente.
Tasting the tea she had prepared, Vicente didn't show any concern, but he saw that he would have to deal with the Symons family soon.
"What a problem..." He told her, 'I'll have to stay away from my identity as Vicente for a few days... I'll just wait for my orders from the Association and assume Cesar's identity to deal with these issues.' He thought while smiling at the beautiful Nova.
"But are you okay, Nova? Are you hurt? I heard that even beasts got involved in the fight the night before." He said. "I heard that only you and young master Symons survived..."
"Yes, but I'm fine." She smiled at him, glad that Vice was worried about her. "I wasn't hurt too badly. I was fortunate last night. So, only young master Symons has a complicated situation among us survivors.
As for the rest, I doubt anyone survived. We're almost halfway through the day, and no one else has returned. So either everyone else has died, or they're so badly injured that they can't come back.
Either way, I doubt there are any survivors left."
"Sigh... It's so sad. So many magicians died over a stupid confrontation." He said in a sad tone. "There are so few cases of magicians with the potential to reach the 3rd stage or higher... But how many of them didn't die the night before?
I think our world is too violent, Nova."
She couldn't disagree with him, and some of the army's losses the night before were indeed unfortunate.
Every month, there are usually 10 to 20 young people in the province with Green grade or higher talents. But only 20% of them join the army. Of those who do, only half survive the first three years after leaving their first post...
'Meanwhile, we have more than 30 posts around the province... It will take months or even years to replace the four captains we lost yesterday.'
The mortality rate among lower-level magicians was not low!
This was truly a violent society, not just in cities like this one, where human-on-human actions could result in casualties. The roads and forests were hazardous, both because of the possibility of other people's actions and the possibility of magical beings of other races.
Magical beings don't need much of an excuse to clash with beings of other races, especially humans.
At the same time, the forests often grew valuable resources for humans and magical creatures, which could lead to disputes between humans, between magical creatures, and between humans and magical creatures.
In short, this was a world based on conflict, where the strongest dominated and the weakest perished or used up what little was left.
Amid this, deaths occurred on all sides of this dangerous ecosystem.
Only among the strongest magical beings was the mortality rate lower due to their rarity, but also because there were fewer things to attract their attention.
In any case, listening to Vicente's comment, Nova was sure that the army had lost a lot and their post would be temporarily weakened, just when the threat of the 3rd-stage basilisk was so close to them.
"It's too bad, but that's how it is, Vice." She commented with a sigh. "Anyway, you should be careful on your next trip out of Millfall. There are powerful beasts in The Rocky Gorge."
She lowered her voice and motioned for Vicente to keep what she was about to say a secret.
"Our army post is already preparing to deal with a 3rd-stage beast in that area. I saw it last night, and after I told the Commander about it, he's already started giving orders to increase security in the area."
"Is that so?" He frowned. "Thank you for telling me. I intend to leave Millfall in a few days. In fact, that is why I came to see you here today."
"Oh? Where are you going?" She asked him.
"Saltstar City. There are some things I want to clear up, and I'll be gone for at least a month." He told her without exaggerating, for he was already considering leaving to hunt pentagrams with Rory and the Acolytes of his group.
"All that?" Her expression changed when she heard that because she really enjoyed being with Vicente.
"Yes, that's why I came here to say goodbye. I'll be spending the next few days preparing some things regarding my departure and my plans, so I took advantage of the free time to come here and do that." He said as he looked at her lips.
"What about Nina?" She asked, trying to contain the feeling in her heart that made her shudder at the thought of going so long without seeing or 'interacting' with that bold fellow.
"I hope you'll take a look at her for me. Nina has been interacting a lot with a teacher lately. Hmmm, Shelby... Her name is Shelby Staples. But I don't know if that's a good thing. Nobles are always complicated." He said, setting the stage for Nova to step into this woman's shoes.
Between Shelby and Nova, Nina's teacher had more options. But Vicente trusted the blue-haired soldier much more.
"Shelby Staples?" Nova frowned. "I didn't expect that. That woman is engaged to Cesar's number one enemy right now."
Thinking of the trouble Nina could get into because of this woman, Nova said. "Don't worry. I'll see what I can do to take care of little Nina in your absence."
 "Thank you, Nova. It's more than I can ask." He stood and hugged her again, this time without kissing her.
But as he walked to the door of this place side by side with Nova, before he opened the door, Vicente felt her stop him and grab his arm.
Gulp!
"Vicente, I want you to think carefully about our relationship before you go back to Millfall. In the meantime, I'll do the same." She closed her eyes and kissed him again on the doorstep.



Chapter 173 The Mazzanti Family Moves
As Vicente said goodbye to Nova...
Rory and Vicente's men had already found the wounded men who weren't trapped among those who had been at the Mazzanti family headquarters the night before.
After finding those people, Rory used the resources he had at his disposal to take care of his people with healing resources, things he had taken from Ryker's body the night before.
Ryker was the leader of the Defiant Tyranny, and most of his resources were with him, as he didn't trust anyone else, nor would he leave such things in a vault.
The Defiant Tyranny faction even had some valuable items in the vaults of their outposts, especially their headquarters. However, some of the best resources, small and few in number, were always in Ryker's spatial storage item.
After Ryker's death, Rory gained access to these resources and wisely used the coins the man left behind to help heal more than 70% of the group he encountered this morning.
But Ryker had few coins on him, and Rory and his people would have to sell some of the items left by the man to get more coins to buy what was needed to treat the rest of his people.
But with those men already healed and the others who hadn't been at headquarters the night before, he already had enough to start solving his faction's problems!
After ordering some of his men to go to the commercial establishments in their area, the rest of the group split into three.
The first went to visit the local noble families, the second went to the Martial Court headquarters in Millfall, and the third stayed behind to take care of the wounded.
...
At the Ross family estate in Millfall...
A man with a metal mask on his face walked down the central corridor of this mansion while several servants in the surrounding area looked at him in fear.
This person's level, a level 1 Acolyte, wasn't necessarily frightening. However, after the rumors about the leader of the Mazzanti family started circulating hours ago, anyone associated with such a group had become famous in this city and dangerous individuals to be avoided.
This man had just arrived in this location, and the Baron had immediately dismissed his men upon hearing that someone sent by Cesar was there to see him.
"So you're here on behalf of the infamous Cesar Mazzanti? It seems this fellow survived the pursuit of the beasts of The Rocky Gorge." Baron Ross' advisor said, looking thoughtfully at the Mazzanti family soldier.
The Baron asked when he saw this person in front of his office. "What does Cesar want from me?"
"Baron Ross, don't look at me the wrong way. I represent my leader, Cesar, but our intentions are peaceful." The envoy said in a tone that was altered by mana but which carried no negative sentiment. "Obviously, we are part of groups that have been on opposing sides, and we have reason to distrust each other.
But today, my leader wants peace. So I'm here to show you an alternative way that could benefit our groups."
"Oh?"
Some groups didn't talk to each other. Once they had a problem, they would go all out, fighting or attacking their opponents until the dispute could no longer be resolved.
However, only a few nobles followed this strategy.
In order to improve their position and become more influential, nobles would even be willing to sit at the same table with the murderers of their loved ones.
If noblemen could take revenge, they would. But if there were a greater benefit in forgetting or leaving any revenge for the future, that would be better.
Becoming more influential and powerful was better than avenging death or injustice!
As a person who thought this way and was willing to negotiate, Baron Ross became curious. "Please, let's talk in a more comfortable place. I look forward to hearing what you have to say.
...
While other meetings similar to the one above took place around Millfall, Rory was standing in front of the Martial Court, together with the defender of his group.
He and another man from Vicente's group were sitting on chairs in a corridor, while next to Rory was a man wearing an even more expensive suit than the two men from the Mazzanti family.
But this person didn't have a mask on his face. After all, he wasn't a member of the family but the family's counselor and representative in this court.
In Polaris Realm, especially in the Seidel Kingdom, one could be charged with a crime and be judged guilty or innocent. Precisely because there was a complete legal process that could facilitate or prevent arrests, there were specialists similar to lawyers on Earth to defend the accused people.
These counselors were not exactly the same as lawyers, nor did they have the same methods of operation. But their function was similar: to defend their clients by using the loopholes in the law to their advantage.
After using some of his contacts earlier, Rory had gotten the name of this counselor who was there to help him solve his group's problems with the royal forces.
"Deputy Mazzanti, rest assured. Given the information you've given me, we can free your men in no time." The counselor, Connor McLaughlin, said as he smiled at his client.
"What about our leader's situation?" Rory asked. "Cesar was framed. I'm sure the Martial Court didn't get any evidence that would authorize the army to hunt him down."
 "That's a different case. I need to know what the court has received from the army to understand the case and tell you what might happen." Connor said. "But if your group solves some problems with the local nobles, I'm sure it can be solved."
"Oh?" Rory understood what the counselor had in mind and liked it.
The counselors of this world had no scruples. All they cared about was winning. And since their contracts with their clients were basically based on results, there was nothing better than getting their clients out of trouble...
"Please see this for us. With the fall of the Defiant Tyranny, there's plenty of room for groups like ours to grow in Millfall."
"Leave it to me." The tall, strong man said this as he understood that this group would be expanding its operations very soon.
After this exchange, a court guard called out the name of the Mazzanti family group's counselor, and it was time for them to begin changing their situation in front of the Seidel Kingdom's court of law!



Chapter 174 Proposal
The next day...
After saying goodbye to Nova the day before without taking their relationship to a deeper level, Vicente spent the evening with Eve and Nina, explaining his disappearance the night before and the "trip" he had to take the next few days.
Nina was getting older and, of course, was beginning to understand that her brother needed to be away from her occasionally to deal with his own issues.
Since she had enjoyed staying at her teacher's house the night before, she didn't find the situation too bad and wasn't sad to hear that her brother would be leaving soon.
According to Vicente, she could visit Shelby from time to time, but Nova would also look in on her when he had time.
As someone who was very fond of both women, Nina liked rather than saw any problems with her brother's upcoming trip.
After discussing it over dinner, she slept with her big brother and woke up the next morning to have breakfast with him and go to the academy.
...
After Nina left for the academy, Vicente left home and went to the Association to continue working on his forging skills.
But when he got there, he bumped into an acquaintance and ended up diverting his interest in coming to this place a bit.
When he saw Lukas, he waved to the man leaving the Association building, who was dressed in a cloak similar to his own, with a star on his left chest.
"Look at you! Have you joined the Association already?" Lukas asked with interest, seeing this guy he hadn't seen in days.
Seeing the guy who had already given him good recommendations and even helped him get discounts locally, Vicente smiled and shook his hand.
"We're colleagues now, Lukas." Vicente stopped before him and shook the blond man's right hand.
Lukas had already heard about his sister and her recent meeting with Vicente. Combined with that and some rumors he had heard in the Association, he now had an idea of what this guy could do much better than before.
With that in mind, he said. "Vicente, do you have some time? I'd like to talk to you in private."
Vice narrowed his eyes. "I have 10 minutes."
Hearing that, Lukas motioned with one hand to show the way to the Association building while he talked to this guy.
"I heard you made an impressive entrance into the Association. I didn't expect you to have such a talent for forging."
Knowing that Lukas was Henry's student and that Henry had a history of rivalry with Benson, Vicente wasn't surprised that Lukas already knew everything that had happened that day.
He smiled and said. "I was stimulated by the pressure of my surroundings... I've been under a lot of pressure, haha. But maybe I won't have such quick and promising results when the pressure subsides."
"That doesn't change what you've already done," Lukas commented. "But now that you're a blacksmith and probably know the value of certain things, I have something I'd like to do with you."
"What is it?" Vicente asked as he entered a quieter area of the Association where only a few members had access.
There were several individual rooms along three large corridors that Vicente himself would not have been able to access if he had been alone, even with the benefits he had received by entering this institution with merit.
But that's what he would have had if he had agreed to become the Association's chosen one!
The Millfall Blacksmith's Association wasn't just investing in one young person with a promising future.
The Association existed throughout the Polaris Realm, giving dividends and contributions to its lesser ranks according to their merit. In particular, giving 'birth' to talented blacksmiths who could accomplish great things brought a great return to such posts.
Thus, the local association had a group of chosen ones who received 'n' benefits. Among them, Lukas was one of the young 1st-stage blacksmiths who received the support of this post.
Vicente didn't know it, but Lukas was also a 1st-stage blacksmith capable of producing resources with more than 90% efficiency.
In Lukas' case, he could produce an offensive item with 97% efficiency, enough to earn him the support of this organization.
And as one of the chosen ones, Lukas had access to this special area and information that Vicente didn't have.
He answered the black-haired young man as he entered a special room in that area. "In about two months, there will be an auction in Millfall. On that occasion, among other things, a valuable resource for 2nd-stage blacksmiths will be auctioned off."
Vicente understood what he meant and smiled. "You want to buy that item? I don't think we..."
"No, you misunderstood me." Lukas smiled as he shook his head negatively. "We have no way of defeating the 2nd-stage blacksmiths who will try to buy this item. I don't know how rich you are, but there will be people willing to spend hundreds of gold coins for this item... Even if we united together, we could not afford it."
It must be said that Lukas was richer than Vicente, even without the support of his family!
 Lukas already had many customers as a young blacksmith with great talent and more time in the trade than Vice. He delivered about 3 to 4 weapons every week. This gave him a higher monthly profit than Vicente's, even considering all young Fuller's operations!
Vicente already knew this because he knew the value of the items produced by the blacksmiths and how they could profit from their work if they had good talents like Lukas.
But even though they were richer than most of the young men of their level and age, it was nothing compared to the 2nd-stage blacksmiths and nobles.
It would really be impossible for them to win this auction.
What Luke had in mind was not buying but something else.
"We can't buy it, but that doesn't mean we can't have it." Lukas smiled at Vicente. "What I propose is that you join my group to take this material.
My other allies will do so in exchange for my producing weapons for them free of charge in the future. For you, I offer the right to share a portion of this item."
He wanted to steal the item that would soon be auctioned off!
Vicente's eyes glazed over as he had not expected this from Lukas.
Lukas explained himself so as not to look like a common criminal. "But don't misunderstand the situation, Vicente. This item to be auctioned can greatly increase the production efficiency of 2nd-stage blacksmiths.
With something like this, you and I could change a lot about our future in a short period.
And I can assure you that we won't be the only ones trying to steal it from whoever buys it. There will be a hunt and a fight against whoever buys this item, and none of those involved can be considered innocent.
You do not climb the stairs of success with your hands in your pockets, my friend."



Chapter 175 Alliance
Luke had just said the truth of the magic world, not just the world of blacksmiths. If this item were purchased by a 2nd stage blacksmith at the auction, there would certainly be a dispute afterward.
Most magicians had to deal with such things sooner or later in their journeys.
Disputes over resources were common, and financial power would never be enough for one to own something.
Only with strength could one stand up before others and publicly own something of value!
"I see," Vicente commented with a thoughtful expression. "And what happens then? Let's say we are successful. What would our relationship be like then?"
Lukas liked Vicente's question because it showed that this guy in front of him wanted to have a deeper relationship after that, just like him.
The blond guy said. "We can team up and work together, Vicente. I'm going to become an Acolyte soon. Considering your score in the Association, I think you will too.
If we join forces, we can set up our own shop in the province. Millfall is already saturated with blacksmiths, but there are other cities where we can develop our skills.
At the same time, I have allies in my group who could also become your allies. I don't know what your plans are as a merchant, but like everyone else, you need alchemists, doctors, etc., right? I have some very promising contacts.
In Polaris Realm, as on Earth, one had more tremendous potential if one started early in a particular field than if that happened more lately.
As a result, low-level professionals could be more valuable than higher-level professionals with the same talent level.
Why was that?
After a certain age, which could vary depending on the magician's level and talent, one would miss the best time to improve one's strengths and understanding of the world. Then, it would naturally be harder to reach one's peak.
For example, among two people with Green talent, the youngest one with the highest level for his age was the most interesting to work with, even considering someone at a higher level.
The younger one could grow faster and reach an even higher level than the one who was already at a higher level.
Because this was the case in this and other worlds, Vicente knew the value of Lukas' contacts. Besides, he already knew that Lukas had partners in various fields and with good levels of talent.
Lukas didn't have the support of a family of blacksmiths, so he needed good contacts. If he had access to some of these people, Vice could make important allies for his family's future!
"That's interesting. I'm very interested in making contacts with local talented people." He said, looking down at the floor of the conference room he and Lukas were in.
'It would be great if my family had its own doctors, alchemists, and blacksmiths.' Vicente's eyes narrowed as he imagined that winning new allies could be the first step to turning them into mafia members in the future.
It wouldn't be hard to convince them to steal and join a group that acted against the law. The basic rule of this society made magicians more tolerant and accepting of the idea of taking what they wanted from their targets.
'I can't always rely on professionals from outside my group. A good mafia family has its own professionals who work exclusively for it.' He clenched his fists, feeling that this deal with Lukas would be perfect for him.
And even blacksmiths would be needed in his group. As much as he could easily create things with his skills, he was only one. Could Vice deal with the problems of his weapons in places hundreds of kilometers away from him?
Even with 100% efficiency, his weapons would need maintenance one day, which might not be so interesting for the head of the family to be responsible for.
Looking at Lukas and imagining that such a guy could produce weapons of the same quality as he could, Vicente grinned. "Okay, I'm willing."
Lukas smiled when he heard that. As valuable as he was to Vice, Vicente was also valuable to him.
Lukas couldn't be everywhere at once, nor did he have the time to do everything he thought he could.
With a blacksmith as capable as he was, he could greatly improve the outcome of his production and even learn more quickly.
"Okay, let's meet with the rest of my allies in three days to talk about it..."
Lukas started to speak, but Vice interrupted him. "That won't work. I won't be in Millfall in three days."
"Do you have to travel?" Lukas frowned.
"Yes, but if you don't mind, I can send Rory instead. He can arrange things with you while I'm gone."
"The redheaded guy?" Lukas remembered Rory.
Seeing Vice nod, he said. "Very well. Ask him to meet me here at the Association in three days. I'll bring him to our meeting to introduce my other allies, and we'll talk about our plans.
But will you be in town for the auction? There isn't much time left. Depending on where you plan to go now, there may not be time to come back and participate."
"Don't worry, I will be in town. I'll be out of Millfall for a month at the most."
 "Is that right? Then it's okay." Lukas sighed.
"Anyway, is your family involved?" Vice asked.
"No. Not even my sister, so don't talk to her about it. Anyway, she seems to like you." He smiled. "She said you and your friend were friendly."
Seeing the look on Lukas' face, Vice understood that this was a protective brother. "Don't worry about us. We just went shopping that day. But your sister is very sociable. You'd better keep her out of this. Involving family in such things never works out."
"I'm aware of that." He said as he stood up with a sigh. "Anyway, I won't stand in your way anymore. You're here to study, right? Get on with it. I've got some things to take care of too."
"Hmm, see you later. I'm looking forward to hearing what Rory says about this meeting."
With those words, the two went their separate ways, with Vicente quickly returning to his goal of coming to this building this morning.
As he did so, Shelby moved her allies to help Vicente at the Martial Court, and some local nobles took the pressure off the members of that tribunal.
Vicente's men worked hard to restore their leader's image and get back to business as usual.
But while allies and members of the Mazzanti family were acting on behalf of the group, the Symons family was in opposition, and Marcus stood up to hunt down the person who almost killed him!



Chapter 176 Visit to House Staples
"What? What are you saying?" A blond, well-dressed young man shouted at one of his men when he heard some not-so-interesting news this afternoon.
"Young master, don't get angry. It's not our fault. That damned Cesar is plotting with his group to use the fall of the Defiant Tyranny to increase his influence." A red-haired woman said as she lowered her head, not daring to look at the city's most prominent heir.
A middle-aged man next to the redhead, also with his head bowed, said. "Young master, please don't be in such a hurry. We've only just begun. In a few days, we'll be able to deal with that damned Cesar. He's only won one battle, but the war still has a lot of ground to cover."
Marcus had just heard from his servants that their initial attempts to use the Martial Court and the royal army against Cesar and his people had failed.
From what he had heard, the Martial Court had suddenly reversed its position on the Mazzanti family that early afternoon. It released the Acolytes who had been imprisoned after the last incident!
Not only that but from what his men had discovered, Cesar's group was working and finding ways to clear the charges against their leader and eventually clear his name.
In other words, Cesar's situation with the royal forces was getting better by the day, which was bad news for Marcus, who wanted the head of the man who almost killed him days ago.
Thus, he couldn't help but get angry when he heard about these local changes, especially since he had always managed everything easily, but now he had problems.
"But how is that possible? Don't those damned Martial Court officials respect our family anymore? How can they ignore the support of my family? Do they think they can earn more from a few Barons?" Marcus shouted, refusing to accept the situation.
The two servants before him looked at each other but said nothing.
They both knew why the court officials were more concerned with a few Barons than the heir to a viscountcy.
That's right, Marcus was just an heir! Until he became a Viscount in his own right, his influence was comparable to that of a Baron.
The Viscount was his father, and he wasn't in town. Not only that, but Marcus' father was somewhat different from his eldest son. Many of those involved in the delicate local situation in Millfall couldn't be sure whether he would side with his son or the other local nobles.
In his absence, no one would make a dangerous decision on behalf of a mere heir!
But Marcus had a colossal ego, and none of them would tell him the obvious.
The elder said. "Young master, Cesar is mysterious and intelligent. We don't know what he might be using against the tribunal officials. So I suggest caution. We still have many fronts to deal with him."
Marcus was rash and arrogant, but he had completed the basic training to become a Viscount in the future.
Though angry, he considered the situation and took a step back, acknowledging Cesar's victory but wondering what to do next.
"What can we do? For the time being, we can't defeat him with the royal powers. So what do we have left that isn't compromising?"
"We have the alternative of hiring assassins. We can't put a bounty on his head, but we can hire assassins to deal with him and his people.
We'll use a different strategy than Defiant Tyranny. Instead of paying for his head, we'll go after the pillars of his group. This will force him to show himself and be vulnerable.
In the meantime, we can focus on our plans with the Martial Court without having the noble Symon's name associated with it." The advisor said this, much to Marcus' delight.
"Do it. No, let's go further. Use the assassins who recently attacked the Mazzanti family. They must be particularly angry after getting into trouble, getting hurt, wasting their time, and getting nothing." Marcus smiled and ordered the servant.
"Okay, young master."
With that, the man left to take care of the matter, leaving Marcus alone with the red-haired servant.
He looked at her for a moment and said. "Come with me. I want to see my fiancée's family."
"Yes, young master." She immediately moved to take her master's cloak and prepare to leave.
As she did so, she said. "Young master, are you going to investigate these recent rumors?"
That was what he wanted to do, so Marcus said. "Yes, it seems that Shelby is spending a lot of time with a man who is not me... That's very strange. I want to know what the Staples family will do about it." He smiled.
As much as Shelby hated him, and he knew it, her family valued him very much and were cooperative whenever he needed them.
'You are getting out of hand, dear Shelby. I'm going to have to punish you a little.' He smiled.
With that, he and his servant left his residence, walking slowly but already feeling much better after the treatment he had received to recover from his recent injuries.
...
After a while, Marcus got out of his noble gold, red, and silver carriage, which white horses drew.
When he arrived at the Staples' home, he didn't have to knock to enter there. One of the servants quickly recognized who was coming and opened the door for him, welcoming him as if he were at home.
 "Welcome back, young master Symons. How are you today?" This person asked as he made a respectful gesture to Marcus.
"Not as well as I'd like. Where is Mrs. Staples? I'd like to talk about Miss Shelby's strange behavior lately." He said, making the servant frown and look at him.
It was no secret to the Staples family that Shelby was not easy to deal with. She didn't mind expressing negative opinions about the nobility, especially her fiancé.
But Shelby was not a foolish rebel. She had never done anything to make room for Marcus to demand things.
But this young master had come to this place with a justification to seek out one of the wives of the Staples patriarch, Shelby's stepmother.
That man was only a servant, and though he found the situation odd, he willingly said. "Please come with me. Mrs. Staples is in the garden of the mansion."
"Hmmm." Marcus soon followed this servant along with one of his servants, eager to speak to the Staples matriarch who was in charge of such matters.
Soon, he found himself in a garden where a beautiful, brown-haired, mature-looking woman was watering plants, her hobby.
"Young Marcus, what brings you to my residence today?" She asked, though her back was turned to her stepdaughter's future husband.



Chapter 177 Polaris Realms Customs
Upon meeting Baron Staples' current number one wife, Marcus quickly said hello and kissed one of that beautiful woman's hands, a level 4 Acolyte.
After Shelby's mother's death, Amy Staples took over as matriarch of the family.
As in some places on Earth, women in Polaris Realm could have their family names replaced by their husband's names when they married and became their first wives.
But only the first wife and matriarch of the family had this right. All others had to keep their previous family names.
Amy smiled at Marcus, who was always so kind when he came to visit her.
"Madam, I'm here on behalf of Shelby. She's been seeing a young man lately, and this has been bothering me..." He said in an embarrassed tone. "Some people are already starting to say bad things behind my back."
After hearing it, Amy's calm expression suddenly changed as she stopped watering the plants in front of her. "Oh?" She opened her mouth, not liking what she had heard at all.
"Can you tell me more about this, young Marcus? If my stepdaughter does something she shouldn't, I will punish her immediately." She said, not aggressively toward him, but toward her rebellious stepdaughter.
Amy knew Shelby wasn't stupid enough to betray Marcus or do anything she shouldn't have. Although she was a young rebel, the orange-haired girl wasn't stupid enough to get involved in a love affair while she was promised to young master Symons.
However, as a harsh stepmother who dealt with the marital affairs necessary for the growth of House Staples, this woman was willing to punish her stepdaughter because of Macus' accusation!
In Polaris Realm, the patriarchs chose the future of their children. However, the matriarchs handled the entire marriage process for children and stepchildren.
Amy wasn't Shelby's mother, but she was responsible for her and had complete autonomy to decide what she wanted as long as it didn't go against the interests of the Staples patriarch.
Marcus knew this woman would help him keep Shelby in line and smiled as he looked at Amy's mature body. "My fiancée has been seeing a young businessman who recently moved to Millfall. His name is Vicente Fuller.
I don't know if they're in business together. Still, I'm uncomfortable with her seeing a young bachelor who recently even took her into his home in the middle of the night."
"What?" Amy turned and looked into Marcus' eyes.
She didn't like Shelby. The young woman's mother was even more beautiful than Amy, and even today, the Staples patriarch confused their names when he was drunk.
Not only that, but Shelby looked a lot like her mother, which helped keep her father's memory of such a woman, which greatly irritated Amy.
Amy wanted to get rid of the girl as soon as possible, and when she heard such nonsense, she couldn't help but get angry with her stepdaughter.
'What does that brat think she's doing? Going to an unmarried man's house in the middle of the night is unacceptable! Even if they're just business partners, it's completely inappropriate!'
She knew how important the marriage between her family and House Symons would be, so she looked at Marcus with a determined look and said.
"Young Marcus, don't worry. I'll take care of this matter with my stepdaughter as a matter of urgency. You don't have to worry about this anymore."
Hearing this, Marcus thanked her and would soon talk to this woman as he walked with her through the garden, telling her about his plans and how much he was looking forward to marrying Shelby.
Their wedding was scheduled for about two months from now!
After nearly 20 years of agreement between his father and the Staples patriarch, the time had finally come for the two houses to be united with this wedding.
As he talked about it, an event he was actually more excited about because of the extra influence he would gain than because it was the beginning of his union with Shelby, Marcus couldn't help but notice his future mother-in-law.
He really liked this woman's body and couldn't help but lust after her.
'When I take over my old man's position, I will taste this flavor...' He imagined as he walked arm-in-arm with Amy.
Nobility was dirty and full of betrayals. His father had never tried the wife of the Staples patriarch, but Marcus knew of some of his old man's adventures with the wives of local Barons.
As a Viscount, his influence was so great that he could do almost anything he wanted in this city!
...
The night passed quietly in Millfall with no new public clashes.
But that wasn't the situation in the underworld of such a city!
Every noble power had already taken a stand regarding Cesar and the Mazzanti family.
Most of them had changed their positions, but that didn't mean they were now friends with the rebel Cesar. On the contrary, if he made the slightest mistake, he would once again be the enemy.
All Vicente's men had achieved by negotiating with the local nobles was to keep them out of his way at the Martial Court while they expanded their operations.
 If they succeeded, they would pay fees similar to what Defiant Tyranny had previously paid these houses.
So, with no more of the immense opposition they faced from Defiant Tyranny, the Mazzanti family had the best moment in town, having recovered all of their men who had been arrested the day before.
As a new day dawned, the operations of this previously disturbed family returned to normal. They also began to grow again as more merchants sought to become part of Cesar's territory.
Amid this, Rory commanded the beginning of his family's expansions, waiting for the right moment to switch positions with Vice so that his leader could retake command.
But while Cesar's situation improved, someone important to Vicente rode into town on a brown-furred horse.
He had black hair and was dressed in cold clothes with a large hat on his head.
His skin was bronze, and he had a strange smile on his face as he rode slowly through the outer streets of the city toward his destination.
'Vicente Fuller... Let's see what you have for me.'



Chapter 178 We Are Equal
Pa! Pa!
Two knocks sounded at the front door of Vicente's house, and he immediately awoke from his rest, somewhat startled.
Even magicians needed to rest. In fact, until they reached the 4th stage, they had to sleep, eat, and do things that ordinary mortals needed to do in order not to die or go crazy.
But these needs of magicians were less than those of earthly people. For example, a magician of Vicente's level needed only 30 hours of sleep a week, while humans in that blue world needed about 50 hours of sleep a week.
The night before, Vicente had decided to get some rest, knowing that he would soon have problems that would keep him awake.
But in the middle of his rest, someone who shouldn't have been knocking at his door appeared and warned him about someone his men should stop before even reaching his door.
Waking up with a pounding heart, Vicente immediately jumped out of bed. He quickly formed a silver armor around his body.
"What's up?"
When Vicente opened the door to his room, he saw a man with tanned skin, black hair, and tattoos all over his body staring at him, leaning against the wall opposite the entrance to his room.
Vicente frowned when he saw Casey at his bedroom door, seeing how bold this guy was to break into his house.
"You broke in here?" Vicente asked with a serious look on his face.
Casey smiled and pointed to the entrance of the house. "No, your men let me in."
'You bastard... Can your skill do that too?" Vicente understood what had happened.
Casey's ability not only allowed him to remove memories from his targets. It could also implant new memories!
Casey had just done that!
"What do you want? Why did you come here like this?" He asked Casey, sensing that there was trouble for this individual to come to him like this.
"Calm down, calm down. You should relax first." Casey laughed as he headed for the kitchen. "Let's talk about my mission and our future, Vicente... Oh, should I call you Vicente or Cesar?" He looked back and winked at Vice.
'That's it then.' Vicente quickly realized that such a guy had discovered his identity.
But he had expected that and didn't despair. As someone who should erase the villagers' memories of Vice's weapons, it is evident that Casey would recognize the connection between Vicente Fuller and Cesar Mazzanti.
Vice made his way in silence to the kitchen, where the bold individual was already sitting at the counter, a knife and an apple in hand.
"Call me Vicente."
"Well, Vicente, I've completed the mission you gave me. I've erased the memories of your firearms from the minds of all the people in that village who have seen or talked about them." Casey got right to the point. "But before I was done, a group of the Symons family began investigating the village and things related to you."
"Symons?" Vicente frowned. "Why would they do that?"
The Symons family shouldn't have known who he was and had no reason to investigate him like that. It was true that he had acted against this family, but that was something this group wasn't supposed to know.
Casey smiled at Vicente's ignorance. "You're less intelligent than I thought, haha.
That's obviously because of Shelby Staples."
Vicente became more serious as he looked at the man. "Do you think Marcus Symons did this out of pure jealousy?"
"Yes, Marcus is not known for his patience. Though promising in many ways, young master Symons has some flaws that make him unstable when it comes to women, his pride, you name it. He's an arrogant young master." Casey said, eating the apple he had cut.
"But have the men of the Symons family discovered anything?" Vice put Casey's words in his head, understanding Marcus' sensitive point.
"No. I was working, so they never found out any pertinent information about my client." Casey got right to the point of what Vicente wanted to hear.
When he noticed the Symons men arriving at Martell Village two days ago, Casey quickly realized something was wrong and stepped up his activities.
By then, he'd already erased the information about Vicente's weapons from most of the people in the village, so there weren't many left with compromising knowledge.
He had acted against them by following the movement pattern of the Symons family's group of emissaries, who, by the way, were far inferior to him.
"I can't guarantee that no one else knows about your weapons because people may have left the village during my stay and not returned. But from what you told me, almost everyone I was supposed to meet there lived there during my time, so I wouldn't worry about anyone else having that knowledge," Casey explained.
"Someone like that might never return to the village and be gone indefinitely. For your purpose of hiding your identity, I don't think people like that would get in the way of your short-term plans."
 Vicente's concern was about people who could leak critical information about him to the nobles of Millfall, who could affect him through Nina.
But that concern would end once he became stronger and more influential.
"Hmm, I understand. I can't ask you to deal with people who might not even be in the kingdom." Vice said, knowing that the gold coins he'd paid wouldn't be enough for such a thorough job.
Casey stopped staring at the apple he had already eaten and looked into Vicente's eyes. "Other than that, my work is done. But I'm interested in extending our relationship. Cesar Mazzanti is someone I'm very interested in."
Vicente kept an eye on the man but made a curious expression, not knowing how to deal with Casey.
"What do you want? I know you can't talk about Cesar's connection with me."
Casey smiled and said. "True. When I heard about your connection to him, I couldn't help but imagine how interesting it could be if we acted together."
He paused for a moment, looked more seriously into Vicente's eyes, and increased the seriousness of his tone. "We are equals, Vicente Fuller.
You and I have seen and experienced similar things, and we are both unsupported people trying to live our lives as best we can and maybe get closer to our dreams.
Today, I work for aristocrats and sell my skills. But one day, I would like to be free to act as my conscience dictates.
Of course, I'll need resources to reach that moment, so I won't pretend I don't need material wealth. But I don't want to have to act for resources eternally.
Today, and alone, I'm not able to do that. But I see potential in you. And maybe we can do that together."
"Oh? Do you want to join my family?" Vicente asked, wondering what this man could mean by "we are equals."



Chapter 179 The Needs of a Don
"Not exactly. I want to be part of a group where I have the autonomy to do whatever I want. Of course, I know I would have to give something to pay for that freedom.
But that payment would be limited, and besides that, I wouldn't have any obligation to that group. I have my own interests, and I don't want to delay them or give them up just to fulfill other people's goals.
So I don't know if it would be good for me to join your family. Maybe seeing me as an outside consultant would make more sense." Casey explained, looking thoughtfully at Vicente.
Casey had seen a bit of the cruel side of this world. He had his own problems to deal with, and that's why he had no clan ties at the moment, even though he worked for nobles.
But don't make the mistake of thinking he looked kindly on nobility. Like Shelby, he had his grudges, and the only difference between him and her was that he thought there could be innocence, or even virtue, even among the rotten nobility.
But without the same level of support that Shelby had, he had to dryly swallow what he thought about some of his clients and sell his services to all sorts of people.
Still, Casey had never given up his freedom and opportunities.
Even if Vicente were like him, he wouldn't give it up to join this young man's family.
"An outside consultant, huh?" Vice murmured, watching the movement of Casey's heart with his skill. 'He's not lying.'
"I see no problem with an outside consultant. But what would be the cost of a consultant of your level?"
Casey wanted financial support for his freedom, perhaps even military support. Only then could he achieve the freedom to only act when he wanted to.
Casey was pleased to see that Vicente quickly understood what he wanted and said. "In exchange for one service per month, which can accumulate over the year but would expire at the end of the year, I would like to receive 100 gold coins per month while I am at the 2nd stage."
This was an extremely high amount to earn per month at the 2nd stage!
One hundred coins weren't very impressive for an Acolyte, but this number of recurring coins could make a big difference!
To give you an idea of how valuable this was, if Vice promised Casey such a thing, this level 4 man could reach the 3rd stage in less than a year if he decided to use all his coins to buy artificial resources.
Of course, such an action would have its problems, and it would not be so easy to do, even if one had the coins. But it would still be possible if Vice agreed to it.
Looking at this figure from another angle, Casey could comfortably support 40 families of up to 6 people per month with those coins!
Vicente knew how high Casey's salary was and opened his mouth. "Impossible. I can't afford that."
Casey laughed and said. "I know that. How much could you pay me per month? I'll try to keep working with my clients for now, but that might jeopardize your plans sooner or later. I don't know what my clients will ask of me, but considering how important you've become, there will certainly be people who will target you."
"100 coins is too much. I can agree to pay 70 gold coins per month if I have the capacity. But for now, I can pay you 25 coins a month, but you must be at my disposal for a monthly mission.
For now, I don't mind if these missions expire like you said. But I won't accept it once I pay you the full monthly amount. That's too good a salary for your commitment to me to be reset once a year." Vicente tried to negotiate.
"How about 80 coins? And if you do not use the missions, we can drop the issue of them expiring after a year. But only 2 missions per year can be accumulated for future use." Casey made a counter-proposal.
Casey wanted the best deal possible, so he couldn't agree to owe Vice something every month that might accumulate to the point that he could become a slave to the Mazzanti family at some point in the future.
Vicente thought about it and felt that this was not a bad thing. He could still give missions to Casey once a month and accumulate two mission rights annually.
At the same time, although Casey's ability wasn't the kind you'd need all the time, it was ridiculously powerful and good to have on your side.
He had to have this person on his side!
The cost of having it would be paying that high fee even if he didn't need Casey's services!
"All right, we can do what you say," Vicente said as he showed Casey one of his hands and shook the man's right hand.
Casey looked at Vicente in surprise, not expecting this guy to accept such a deal so easily.
'Is this good enough for you?' Casey looked at Vicente silently.
He valued himself but wouldn't accept such a deal if he were on Vicente's side.
But little did Casey know that Cesar Mazzanti, the real Cesar, Vicente's former Don, paid dozens of people on Earth every month just to have them on his side for when he needed them.
The list of people who worked for that man was long. It included politicians, lawyers, doctors, police officers, and magistrates - in short, a mafia boss had to have a lot of relevant people on his side.
Vicente had learned from the real Cesar and knew how important it was to have people who worked for him and weren't just mercenaries.
For him, it would be worth it to have Casey if no one else could hire the services of this man!
 That was the price of exclusivity and having someone with such brutal talent on one's side, one who could grow a lot in the future, by the way!
So he soon signed a Magic Agreement with Casey, formalizing his future relationship with this outside consultant to the Mazzanti family.
But before they could finish their business, a young girl appeared in the kitchen and saw them standing there.
"Big brother? Who's that?"



Chapter 180 Different Intentions
When Casey saw Vicente's little sister, he looked at her small body and saw how Nina walked, noticing the aftereffects of the incident she had suffered years ago.
He already knew about the tragedy of the Fuller family, especially the limitations of this little girl.
Looking into her eyes, he felt some of the things he had already heard in Martell Village and clenched his fists.
He closed his eyes and left the kitchen. "We'll talk later, Vicente. I have an appointment now."
Nina didn't understand what had happened, but she looked at the tanned man and then at her brother, wondering if she had done something wrong.
Vicente went to Nina's side and ran a hand through her black hair. "This is a friend. Don't worry about him. He was already leaving." He gestured to her, taking Casey aside to see what his sister wanted.
"Anyway, why are you getting up?"
"I'm hungry. I'm going to get something to eat." Nina quickly climbed onto the kitchen furniture and showed her brother who stole from the pantry every night.
'That's why you're growing up so fast...' Vice laughed.
...
Meanwhile, Casey was already on his horse, riding back to his apartment in town, looking at a necklace he usually wore around his neck.
On this necklace was a small mechanism that hid a photo of three people: an old woman, a child, and a young man, all with tanned skin and black hair.
'Grandmother, sister...' He put it back and clenched his fists until his veins and bones were visible.
Casey tasted blood as he gritted his teeth and remembered a night 15 years ago.
'One day, I will avenge what that bastard did to you!'
...
The night passed, and another day dawned in Millfall...
But at the very beginning of the day, at the headquarters of the Martial Court in this city, some of its members were already there, working for law and order.
In a three-story cylinder-shaped building in the city's center, a few army soldiers could be seen here and there, watching over the area.
Inside the building, dozens of people were already coming and going through the corridors, going about their daily business.
But on the third floor of that building, which housed the offices of the city's court representatives, a door opened, and an orange-haired woman stepped out next to an elderly man.
"Don't worry, Miss Shelby Staples. By the end of the day, this person's situation will no longer be a problem. At least from the point of view of the law, there's nothing left for him to be implicated in." The old man said as he accompanied that young woman.
Shelby smiled at the old man, grateful for his 'cooperation.' "I'm glad. I don't understand why a citizen who contributes to the peace and order of the city would have so many problems... But I'm glad to have conscientious people like you around."
The old man laughed and said. "Always. I'm ever open to conversation with young people who are committed to the local good."
"Hmm, thank you for receiving me, senior. I hope you'll come to my wedding in a few weeks. We'll have a chef from the capital behind the banquet." She said.
"Oh? I'll remember that when I get closer."
After waving to Shelby, the old man returned to his office, not getting the slightest impression that such a young noblewoman wasn't happy about her upcoming wedding.
From the tone of her voice and her demeanor, Shelby seemed anxious and very happy that this moment was approaching.
But few understood what was on her mind.
'Fucking Marcus. You're trying to screw me but just wait. We'll see who ends up worse off.' She clenched one of her fists while maintaining a gracious smile as she walked alongside Molly through the corridors of this building.
"Is everything going to be all right, miss? The Symons family won't leave your friend alone." The red-haired woman beside Shelby asked.
"I know. But for now, the Martial Court is on my friend's side. At least it will be until the Viscount returns from his journey." She said, sensing that the kind of danger Cesar might face in the short term was different.
"But he'll have problems for sure. I'll send him a message through my student later."
"That's better." Molly sighed. "It would be good to avoid seeing him now that Mrs. Staples has her eye on you."
Shelby stopped smiling, remembering the lecture she had heard from her stepmother the night before.
 Remembering how her bloody fiancé had sought out Amy, Shelby hated him even more for using others to act against her and Vice.
'Marcus, you'll pay me for spreading rumors about me. Just wait. I'll give you back what I went through yesterday 100 times worse in a few weeks.' She mischievously smiled for a moment before returning to a neutral expression.
'Don't think I'm going to marry a worm like you!'
...
Later, Rory had finished the first training session he had had time for in the last few days.
After almost two days of working around the clock to resolve the Mazzanti family's situation, he had found a moment of peace to do his magic training and had made some progress.
But he was still only 35% of the way to the Senior Apprentice peak, far behind Vicente, who was already close to the peak of his level.
However, knowing that he would be free of his responsibilities with the Mazzanti family for the next few days, Rory was relaxed about the delay in his progress due to lack of training.
'Tonight, Vicente will be back in charge of the group...' He thought as he got dressed, preparing for a morning of more responsibility. 'I'll use the time I have from today to get the last bit of information I need so we can break into House Irwin.
I also have to train. I have to become an Acolyte before the local situation stabilizes!'
It was evident to Rory when Vicente would hunt Magic Pentagrams. As soon as things in Millfall stabilized enough for the group to carry on in his absence, the strongest would go out to get their new pentagrams.
He didn't want to fall behind his friend and was aware of what he would have to do during the next few days of 'time off.'
But as he planned his next few days and prepared to go and sign new deals with merchants in the eastern part of the city, he suddenly felt something wrong as he left his family's building.
Swooish!
Looking up, Rory suddenly saw a speeding blade approaching his left chest!
"Shi..."



Chapter 181 Feeling
"Shit!" Rory felt something approaching his chest and immediately shifted his mana to his legs to try and deflect the repeated attack on his heart.
As he felt his heart pounding harder and his pupils constricting, he felt adrenaline rushing through his body, and in a split second, he thought of many possibilities.
'If I jump backward, the blade will hit my lower abdomen, and I'll be seriously injured... But if I jump to the right, I risk not getting far enough away and having my arm pierced.'
A human's arm had four points that, if hit, one could bleed to death!
As a diligent student who had learned about the more than 30 points where one could easily kill another with small cuts, Rory knew that damage to his left arm could be fatal.
On the other hand, damage to his right lung had less chance of complications for him!
'I'm going to jump to the left side. I'll suffer damage to my right lung, but the chances of serious complications will be small.'
He was thinking all this as he moved, and the blade launched to kill him came at him in a straight line.
One might wonder how Rory could think all this in less than three seconds. But this was not a unique ability of this young redhead nor of any other magician in the world.
Contrary to what one might think, in a stressful and life-threatening situation, one would think many things at once, and more importantly, one wouldn't think of words to form a sentence. What happened was that people in Rory's situation felt what could be simplified by a simple, direct thought.
But it was more a feeling than a thought!
By considering all the variables he could think of with his high understanding of his own body and his technical knowledge, Rory jumped to the left and managed to dodge the blow that would potentially kill him!
"Cough!"
Still, Rory felt the blade pass through his right chest, enter his body near his right nipple, and exit through his back.
Rory could have increased the properties of his skin and organs to withstand this attack. However, knowing it would be better for the blade to pass through him at a non-vital point, he left the way clear for the blade and used his mana to protect his vital organs and major arteries.
Even so, he felt a sharp pain in his chest as he fell backward and coughed up blood.
It was daylight, so as soon as Rory fell to the ground, bleeding from his back, chest, and mouth, several people in the area, mostly from the Mazzanti family, realized the attack that had just taken place.
"Shit!"
"Raise your guard!"
"Stay alert! Enemies nearby!"
Several of the men on Vicente's property stood up and pointed their guns in that direction while others ran to Rory's aid.
Amidst all this, a man on a nearby rooftop saw this, and an ugly expression formed on his face.
"Tsk!" He jumped up from where he was and saw his target lying on the ground, bleeding. 'That wretch managed to survive an attack from me?' The level 3 Acolyte thought to himself, determined to finish off his vulnerable target on the ground.
'Let's see if you can dodge the next attack!' He maliciously laughed as he picked up another dagger and prepared to throw it closer.
As an assassin hired to kill people high up in the Mazzanti family, he couldn't hesitate in this situation where he had such a good chance of doing his job.
But as he moved, Rory drew the gun on his belt and looked in the direction he had seen the previous attack come from.
He couldn't aim at his enemy, but he saw him, and that was enough for him.
Bang!
Without hesitation, he fired in that direction, not using any of his mana.
"You missed!" The assassin laughed as he saw Rory's bullet pass by his left cheek and prepared to attack with all his might.
But at that moment...
Bang! Bang!
A burst of eight shots rang out from various points around the Mazzanti mansion, all of them charged with mana traveling toward that man.
The bullets were so fast that the assassin could not see what would happen. Before he even heard the sound of the shots, the man was hit in five different places, three of them vital.
Not all of Vicente's men were able to get the right aim on him, but upon receiving Rory's tip about where the enemy was, every available man on that side of the building fired in the direction of the moving target.
 A second after the multiple shots, a body with multiple stab wounds fell about 40 meters from where Rory was lying.
"Shit!"
"Run! Run for your lives!"
Several lower-level citizens shouted in the surrounding area, shaking with fear as they felt, heard, and saw the power of the Mazzanti family's terrible weapons.
Even some men from the Scarlet Syndicate on the area's outskirts noticed the power of Vicente's upgraded weapons for the first time.
Previously, they had been busy confronting people from Defiant Tyranny during the chaotic night that had completely changed the situation in Millfall a few days ago. Therefore, this organization didn't know what the current power of Vicente's group's weapons was.
But this morning, two of the organization's guards, who were still there because of the previous agreement with Vicente, witnessed Rory ordering his men to destroy this murderer.
"Fuck! Are these weapons that good?" One of the two Scarlet Syndicate Acolytes exclaimed, disbelieving what he had just seen.
"Tsk! Shit! We've almost gained the blueprint of these little beauties!" The other Acolyte said, feeling terrible now that Vicente's group would no longer need their help to defend themselves against Defiant Tyranny.
Vicente had lived up to his earlier words, and within the time he had been under the protection of this organization, he had reached a level sufficient to protect his people on his own.
Of course, his group still had a lot of work to do. But with the end of the Defiant Tyranny, the previous agreement would no longer force Vicente to hand over the method of producing his weapons to the Scarlet Syndicate!
Seeing what they had lost, the man from the largest local criminal group couldn't help but regret the things that had happened recently.



Chapter 182 No Time to Breathe
"Quick, get me inside!" Rory yelled as some of his men appeared in front of the building. "Ignore that body. Let's get all our defenses up. There may be more assassins in the area."
As a few men pointed their weapons in different directions at the group outside the building, two of them quickly grabbed Rory and backed slowly into their building.
"Who would do that?" One of the men asked before the last of them entered the building and closed the door.
"I don't know. It could be anyone. It could be anything from the Scarlet Syndicate trying to get a new deal to force us to hand over our weapons to them or even the Symons family.
There are also local nobles who resent what our group has done, and soldiers too." He said as he tried to ignore the pain in his right chest, where he had already stopped the bleeding with his mana.
As much as Rory was not in immediate danger, he would need a doctor to take care of his wound and prevent it from becoming something that would leave him with a sequel.
That was the main purpose of doctors in Polaris Realm: to prevent complications. Few diseases in this world could affect people who could use mana and destroy invading cells, such as bacteria that would cause wounds to become inflamed.
On the other hand, potions and recovery pills were very helpful in regenerating exhausted or even injured tissues.
A doctor's job, then, was to manage the recovery of his patients so that their bodies returned to normal.
Doctors worked with alchemists to do this, using pills and potions. But only they could prevent a serious wound from healing the wrong way and creating a problem that could not be solved in the future.
Aware of this, he didn't take long to look in the direction of one of the men in the area and say. "Anyway, get me a doctor as soon as possible. I will change my plans for today and stay here until I'm fully recovered, and Vice replaces me."
As the man that would send the request for a doctor left, an Acolyte asked. "What do we do now?"
"Be on alert. Get all our resting men off their breaks and position them around the strategic points of our building. We could be attacked again in the next few hours."
"Okay, deputy!"
...
After a hectic start to the day for his men on the Mazzanti estate, Vicente found out what had happened when he visited one of the taverns under his protection after dropping Nina off at the Academy.
When he heard what had happened, he was naturally concerned for his friend and angry at the enemies who wouldn't give his family a moment's peace.
But without knowing who was behind this morning's attack, he had little choice but to continue with his plans.
After leaving the tavern where he had learned of it, he made his way to the Association, where he would finally receive the resources he had ordered days ago.
With these metals, he could finish upgrading his men's weapons and return to his identity as Cesar!
...
When he had received more than 250 kilograms of metal bars and a lot of ore, Vicente was in the back of the Association, where carts usually passed by to pick up some of the heavier and bulkier items sold by this organization.
Spatial storage items were very useful and practical for many things, but they had limitations that made it impractical to transport many resources with them.
Such items were limited by volume, not mass. So, regardless of the mass of Vicente's items, what prevented him from transporting those resources in his storage item was the size of the various ores he had acquired.
With only one 2 cubic meter storage item, he couldn't even carry 25% of what he had just received.
That's why he stood there with his men, who worked directly for the Fuller family, and watched as the Association staff finished loading the boxes of ore and metal bars onto their wagons.
"That's all, young master Fuller." One of the workers said as he watched the last crate being placed on Vice's second wagon, jotting down a few things on a piece of paper on a clipboard.
When the man showed him the piece of paper, Vicente quickly checked what he had received and left a magical signature to indicate that he had received his orders.
"Okay. Thank you for your services."
"We at the Millfall Blacksmiths' Association thank you, haha. If you need more resources, don't hesitate to contact us. We'll give the young master priority over the first-level blacksmiths." The man said goodbye to Vicente, following the orders the council had already given to the rest of the staff at this post.
Vicente wasn't exactly one of the Association's chosen ones, but he was close, and he had privileges that put him ahead of many members of his rank.
So, this Association official wasn't trying to curry favor with Vicente or lure him into a new business with those words. He was following the orders of the post's management.
Vice was already aware of how different the treatment within such groups could be depending on one's qualities, so he didn't bother and quickly went to his home in the city center.
After extracting the metals from these minerals and reducing the volume of these resources, it would be time for him to return to his people on the Mazzanti estate on the eastern side of the city.
'Time to work.' Vicente thought to himself, knowing that he now had to upgrade his people's weapons, expand his mafia family's operations, and stabilize his local position before he could search for pentagrams.
 ...
While Vicente was thinking about the various things he had to do, the council met inside the Millfall Blacksmiths' Association.
To the surprise of some, for the first time in years, Benson King showed up to attend the meeting!
As Benson sat down in his chair around a large round table in a room on the top floor of the Association building, the three old men already seated nearby looked at him with different expressions on their faces.
While Henry, the leader there, looked at him with a neutral expression, a red-haired man with a goatee smiled and said. "Old King, how long has it been since you left your house? You're only here because of your new disciple, right?"
Benson wasn't bothered by the red-haired man's comment and said. "Yes. You want to talk about him, don't you? How could I ignore that?"
"We're going to talk about Vicente Fuller, but we're also going to talk about the tournament we're going to have very soon. Our top names are already preparing for the trip out of town." Henry said when he saw Benson's sharp eyes on him.
Henry didn't take Benson and his threats seriously only because many in the association knew that the two had several differences, being the two best local blacksmiths.
Benson hated this arrogant side of Henry and closed his eyes.
"Then let's talk about my pupil first. I have no interest in this silly tournament. None of the youngsters we currently have are worth watching." Benson said as he looked at the guy with the same white hair, beard, and mustache.



Chapter 183 Decisive Days
At the end of the day, as far as Nova, Nina, Benson, and the Blacksmiths' Association, who knew Vice, were concerned, Vicente Fuller left Millfall for Saltstar City.
But that same afternoon, the Symons family, Shelby, Casey, and several others interested in Cesar noticed him walking back through the local streets!
After staging his departure from the city, Vicente put on his mask and metal armor and did not hesitate to return to Millfall under his second identity, with some of his masked men carrying boxes.
He didn't hide his movement this time, as he had done several times in the past few days. With his situation with the royal forces in this city resolved, Cesar Mazzanti no longer owed the Martial Court or the army anything that could make him hide!
He made his way through the eastern entrance of Millfall with three men, heading for his family's headquarters while people on the streets looked at him strangely.
Some respected the man, for in a matter of weeks, he had risen from anonymity to become one of the most talked about in the town.
Others feared him, seeing him as just another criminal on the rise, someone who would likely be Ryker's equivalent in no time. As such, not everyone looked upon him favorably and considered him just another piece of manure that made the town stink.
But while ordinary people watched Vicente move into his territory in the eastern part of the city, some assassins hired by the Symons family were already watching him from afar.
Vice was aware of this, as he could sense practically every living thing within a radius of up to 150 meters from him.
In that space, he could sense the presence of creatures weighing more than 30 kilograms and even determine their position without seeing them.
Through this mastery of his first skill, something he had sharpened while working as a blacksmith, Vicente could sense his enemies watching him.
'Two level 4 Acolytes. But they're not moving.' Vicente avoided looking in their direction, sensing that neither of them intended to attack him.
If none of them would attack him, he couldn't counterattack or shoot them down by prevention. He wouldn't have justification to do so and could be questioned by real soldiers.
But besides that, Vice would rather not have to deal with enemies right now.
As much as he was angry and wanted to see some heads roll, he understood that the best thing he could do now was to continue advancing toward level 1 and upgrade the rest of his group's weapons.
'If I continue at my current pace, I'll reach level 1 in no more than three days of training. That's also the time I need to upgrade all my people's weapons and start some expansionist actions.' He thought to himself, clenching his fists and holding back so as not to act against the men who were ready to attack him if he moved strangely.
But just as Vicente didn't want to fight right away, the assassins watching him didn't want to attack him with so many witnesses around and without knowing more about him.
Some of these men had already heard the rumors about the leader of the Mazzanti family and how mythical the man's powers were.
Even though they were level 4 Acolytes, these two couldn't help but respect Cesar's powers and were afraid to act against him without better preparation.
The two were merely observing Cesar's territory, waiting for some important man of the Mazzanti family to show himself in public, when suddenly they saw Cesar walking down the street as if it were no big deal.
Overwhelmed and intimidated by his courage, they both hesitated, feeling that it would be better to prepare more before attacking this person who had powers over metallic objects.
A sneak attack like the one the man who had tried to kill Rory this morning wouldn't work on Cesar!
"What are we going to do?" One of the two partner assassins asked his companion.
"This person is complicated. Even though he's an Apprentice, he can't be underestimated." The other level 4 Acolyte said. "His weapons are terrible, and from what we know, his magic talent is enormous.
I wouldn't be surprised if his Magic Gem is cyan!"
Gulp!
While these two followed Vicente's movements, he soon arrived at his headquarters, where his men were already waiting for him with the doors open.
"Welcome back, Don Mazzanti." One of the men waiting at the mansion's door said loudly, his chest puffing out.
"Hmm, take me to the deputy. I want to see him before we begin our work." Vicente said as he entered the place with his men.
Vicente's three companions quickly took the metal bars they were carrying in boxes to the training room of the house while one of the Acolytes took Vice to Rory.
As they walked there, Vicente said aloud to his men. "I want all of our group's weapons that have not yet been upgraded to the 1st-grade limit. I'll start working on them tonight."
...
While Vicente and his group were on their way, the Symons family had already received the news of Cesar's return.
"What? The bastard dares to come back like this?" Marcus shouted to his men when he heard that Cesar had returned as if he were just an ordinary citizen of this city returning from a trip.
Even though there were no soldiers after him, Cesar was still someone everyone knew was up to no good and involved in underworld affairs.
 For him to walk quietly in was an affront to the powers that be who lived under the law of the realm, like the local noble families.
Marcus' advisor wasn't happy either, but he had something else in mind. "None of the assassins acted? What's going on? We hired a dozen assassins to go after the Mazzanti family! Why aren't these bastards acting?"
"The first group acted this morning. After that, there was an incident in one of the taverns protected by the Mazzanti family, where two of our hired assassins were shot, and one of Cesar's men fell.
As for Cesar, he's a monster. Maybe the other men are preparing to move against him later." One of the three men standing in front of the desk in the Viscount's office said this to the young man sitting in his father's chair and the middle-aged man next to him.
Marcus pounded the table in front of him and shouted. "Send our men to the bloody Mazzanti residence! These assassins cannot be trusted! Let's take care of Cesar personally."
The men in the room fell silent as Marcus' advisor looked at his young master.
"Young master, if we do that, we'll give Cesar's group an opening to act against ours." The man said. "Without the Martial Court or the army approving any action against the Mazzanti family, any action on our part will give that group the right to defend and counterattack."
The laws of the Seidel Kingdom were simple. If you were not in trouble with the tribunals, you could defend yourself and counterattack anyone who attacked you, for it was forbidden to attack an innocent citizen.



Chapter 184 Cesars Great Interests
In theory, Cesar couldn't attack the Symons family because that would be a violation that would get him into trouble with the kingdom. But if the Symons family moved against him first, everything would change.
But Marcus found it absurd that a Viscount's family would have to go out of its way to punish an enemy who wasn't even noble or had powerful backers.
"We will not attack him. I want to talk to the bastard and demand an explanation for what he did to me." Marcus said, smiling confidently. "I want to test the son of a bitch and maybe find one of his weaknesses! And he can't attack us either, or we'd have a justification to take action against him!"
Theoretically, the Symons family couldn't use what happened outside Millfall a few days ago to act within the law against Cesar.
After Nova's testimony that Cesar had only been defending himself and the main enemy of the royal force group that night had been beasts, Marcus couldn't use Cesar's previous persecution and attacks to justify acting inside Millfall.
Of course, he could act against Cesar as he wished outside the city, for the kingdom's laws applied only in the cities.
As much as one could seek justice for what happened outside the cities, that was something that came later, justice for something that had ALREADY happened.
Since there were no royal powers outside the cities, it was a no-man's land where the strongest decided what to do and how to act.
At best, one could seek justice after the "milk had been spilled," but that was all.
Since Cesar had all charges against him dropped, his defense against the groups that had previously attacked him was justified, and the Symons family had no legal basis to act against him.
Marcus wanted to provoke Cesar and see what he could get out of a meeting with the man who had almost killed him days before.
But his men were not at all comfortable with this. They really preferred to wait for the Patriarch's return before deciding what to do, feeling less secure in the absence of the Viscount, a Mage who could put an end to all this trouble in the blink of an eye.
But it wouldn't be easy to contradict the family heir in this situation.
The Viscount's most trusted man had died to the beasts of The Rocky Gorge a few days ago, and without him in the city, Marcus had no one to stop him.
In the Viscount's absence, he was the head of the family, and these men had to obey him!
"Is the young master sure?" His advisor asked.
"If he's not careful, this could give our assassins a chance to act," Marcus said, improving his grim expression of a few moments ago and feeling confident about his plan.
...
Hours later, night began to give way to day as a new day dawned in Millfall.
All the local powers were already aware of Cesar's return, but no one had moved.
Most of the local soldiers were busy with the Commander's orders to prepare for the threat of the 3rd-stage basilisk, while a good number of the nobles had already made deals with the Vice's group.
Apart from a few people who, like Nova, were curious about Cesar's return and his subsequent actions, only the Symons family and the Scarlet Syndicate were more interested in contacting him.
And right at dawn, the first of these groups knocked on the Mazzanti family's door!
Pa! Pa!
A level 4 man knocked on the front door of Vicente's mansion, and a second later, it opened.
Vicente's men could see people approaching from a distance this time, and when one of the men in armor with a red symbol knocked there, an Acolyte opened the door.
"Emissaries of the Scarlet Syndicate. To what do we owe this visit?" The level 1 Acolyte asked as he came face to face with the level 3 and 4 men.
These were high-ranking members of the Scarlet Syndicate faction! For them to knock on the door of Vicente's group, they probably had important things to discuss!
"We are looking for your leader. Where is he? We'd like to invite him to our headquarters tonight. Our leader would like to meet Senior Cesar Mazzanti."
"My Don is in the middle of his training. But don't worry, I'll give him the invitation as soon as he's finished." The Acolyte said while a mask hid the worried expression on his face.
Even though their group was improving, they still weren't strong enough to ignore the Scarlet Syndicate.
Defiant Tyranny had only fallen after their leaders were killed by the level 4 and 5 beasts and the 3rd-stage basilisk.
If that group hadn't lost its leadership and its pillars, Defiant Tyranny would still be around to thwart the Mazzanti family.
The Scarlet Syndicate was even more powerful than this recently destroyed group and was at its peak!
However, these two groups had two agreements, and for the time being, one side had no reason to distrust the other or even act against the other.
 The strongest man in the group of emissaries didn't take it badly and said. "Very well. Our leader will wait for Senior Cesar. See you later."
With the departure of the people from the Scarlet Syndicate, the Acolyte returned to his estate and made his way to Rory.
Rory had heard everything. "They probably want to renegotiate the terms of our deal. Probably take a little more of what we generate from now on."
"What do we do then? Would it be better to ignore this invitation?"
"No. We'll be leaving soon to hunt pentagrams. We need stability before that, so we'll have to take a few steps back to be able to go much further in the future." Rory said as he prepared to leave, feeling much better after his treatment the night before.
"Don't get into trouble with these people. Vicente will take care of them when he's finished what he's doing..." He said as he walked to the secret exit of this post. "Anyway, it's time for me to go. See you in a few days, guys."
With that, Rory left to return to his plans, delayed by the previous day's attack, and to return to his identity as Vicente Fuller's business partner.
Meanwhile, Vicente was in the training room on the mansion's lower level, changing his group's weapons.
With 50 weapons to change, training to do, and responsibilities to deal with, he was focused in the dark about some individuals approaching him and his group.



Chapter 185 Face to face with Cesar
Pa! Pa!
Two hours after the Scarlet Syndicate emissaries knocked on the door of the Mazzanti family to invite Cesar to dinner with their leader, the Symons family knocked on the door of this group of Vice's group.
While Marcus's carriage was stopped in front of this property, two of his servants stood at the front door of this residence while several people in the area watched them from other properties, rooftops, and nearby trees.
Between the assassins and the observers from the local powers, especially the Scarlet Syndicate, they all knew that Marcus Symons wanted Cesar's head, which was why this sudden visit was somewhat unexpected.
'What are they doing? Is young master Symons crazy?' A subordinate of one of Millfall's noble families, who was there to observe the situation of Cesar's group, wondered as he felt his heart beat faster.
The assassins hired by this family were no less interested and had tense expressions on their faces, wondering if this was a good sign for them.
Then, the door to Vicente's residence opened, and one of the group's masked Acolytes appeared.
"Right?" He asked as he looked at the two level 3 Acolytes, an old man dressed as a butler and a man in armor, a guard of the Symons family.
"Good morning. We're looking for Cesar. Our young master is out here and is interested in speaking with your leader. Please let him know. We're here to negotiate." Marcus' old advisor said, feeling a bit nervous.
But he was a good actor, and only he knew nervousness in his being.
"Wait here. I'll see what I can do." The soldier from the Mazzanti family closed the door and went back into the building, quickly making his way to Vicente in the basement.
"Boss, we've got problems. Young master Symons is at our door asking to see you." He said as he entered the training room of the building where he knew Vicente was resting at that very moment.
Upon hearing this, Vice took his eyes off the pile of 30 weapons he had to upgrade and looked at his subordinate.
He hadn't expected Marcus to show up on his doorstep like this!
'What is this guy trying to do? Is he trying to kill me? Or is he trying to take a step back to ease tensions with my group?'
Vicente was a man fully capable of changing his mind and taking a step back to avoid a destructive confrontation that wasn't worth it for his group. In Marcus' situation, he would try to make peace with the Mazzanti family to secure his position as heir and turn a rival into an ally.
But thinking about what he had heard from Casey, he realized that was unlikely.
Vicente looked at the Acolyte and said. "Okay. Prepare all our men for a possible invasion of the building or an attack on young master Symons' carriage.
But do not attack without an obvious sign of confrontation or my signal."
That man promptly rushed to prepare the men around the estate while Vice changed into a more appropriate outfit to meet the Viscount's heir.
When he was done, he went to the front of his house, knowing that Marcus wouldn't dare enter his property.
As he opened the front door of his residence, Vice saw Marcus' group in a carriage on the other side of the street, with half a dozen men surrounding a beautiful gold and silver carriage.
Vicente's appearance on his doorstep drew the attention of all the observers in the area. Still, he wasn't bothered by the several men hiding nearby.
He looked at Marcus and said aloud. "Young master Symons, it's good to see you again! How are you?"
Marcus looked out the window on the left side of his carriage, maintaining a neutral expression but very angry at this masked individual across the street.
"Senior Mazzanti, I'd like to talk to you in my carriage. Is it a problem for you to come to me?" He forced a smile as he asked.
Vice smiled under his mask and walked halfway down the street. "It is a problem. I won't make a point of the young master entering my property, so I hope you won't make a point of me getting into your carriage.
I guess meeting in the middle of the street is good enough, no?"
The assassins nearby saw Vicente practically alone in that place and felt a little uneasy, sensing that Marcus' goal was to create an opportunity for them.
"What are we going to do?" One of the men in the area asked his ally.
"Let's wait a little longer. If young master Symons abandons our services, there's no point in killing Cesar. But he might give us an opportunity, so be prepared." Said one of the strongest assassins in the area to the men nearby as he felt his hand itch to attack Vicente.
While the men of the Scarlet Syndicate watched the situation and waited to see what would happen, Marcus stepped out of his carriage with his men.
Standing only five meters from Cesar, a man he knew could kill him if he hesitated, Marcus tried to ignore his heart pounding and sweat forming on his back.
He got right to the point. "Senior Mazzanti, what is it you have against me? Why did you try to kill me that night?"
Hearing this, Vicente devilishly laughed, finding the young master's question funny. "I tried to kill you? Are you sure about that, young master? I only shot in the direction of my strongest enemies. You were not my target."
 Marcus took this as a provocation and said. "That is not true! If I hadn't hidden in time, one of your bullets would have hit me and killed me!"
"Young master, it was a stray bullet. It wasn't meant for you. Besides, I would have done it differently if I wanted to deal with you." Vicente moved one of his hands, and a red pentagram appeared, making everyone in Marcus' group feel their armor tighten over their bodies.
Gulp!
The men jumped back as they felt it as if Cesar was trying to move against them.
But just as they prepared to defend themselves, Vicente stopped what he was doing, leaving them as they were before he acted.
"You see, I don't have to shoot you to threaten you, young master Symons. So, your fears are unfounded. I wasn't trying to kill you." Vicente said in a soft tone before becoming more serious. "But things aren't that simple. The young master tried to kill me. May I ask why? I've never had any problems with you or your family."



Chapter 186 Assassination Attempt
Feeling somewhat threatened, Marcus almost regretted coming to this place.
But he managed his fear and answered Cesar's question. "Did I try to kill you? Senior Mazzanti is mistaken. I didn't know that the royal forces were after you because of a collusion with the leaders of the Defiant Tyranny.
I was manipulated by corrupt people and joined the hunt against you. But my group was only after your capture.
As the Senior said, we had no reason to fight each other."
"Oh?" Vicente opened his mouth. "So, what are you doing here today? I guess you didn't just come to understand what happened that day, did you?"
Marcus laughed subtly and said. "Senior Mazzanti really is brilliant. Actually, I came here for more than that. I came to clarify the previous situation and to resolve what we have between us with dialogue and perhaps an agreement for the future.
Missions must be completed. Goals must be achieved. But changes can be made along the way for the greater good."
Upon hearing this last part, Vicente found it a bit strange but thought it meant that Marcus might be ready to back down.
'Was I wrong?' Vicente asked himself.
But while he was questioning himself and paying attention to Marcus, one of the men observing the area moved before five other individuals did the same, just in different ways.
Vicente paid attention to his surroundings, and when he felt the organs of some individuals in his area of influence filling with mana, he realized that the assassins were attacking him.
Swooish!
Two blades, one made of wood and the other of stone, sliced through the air towards Vicente's vital points.
'Non-metallic blades? These people prepared to act against me.' Vicente showed everyone his red Magic Pentagram as he moved from his position and jumped backward, trying to dodge the artifacts he couldn't manipulate.
Seeing this, Marcus opened his eyes wide, not knowing how his assassins would deal with Cesar but impressed by the speed of his target's reaction.
'That fast? He moved practically at the same time as my assassins!' Marcus exclaimed in his mind, trying to look surprised by this attack.
Only his assassins and his men knew the code he had used to order this attack. But even so, Vicente had dodged the assassins' first attack as if he had already known about it.
It was a testament to his awesome skills, and even Marcus' guards couldn't help but be impressed.
As the Symons family group saw how much deeper Cesar's powers were than they had imagined, blades of earth formed below where Vicente had stopped as he dodged the two blades that had missed his body.
A red Magic Pentagram appeared under his body, and several blades of earth formed and shot out of the ground towards his body.
Vicente noticed this ability of one of his enemies. He frowned as he saw that he had fallen into his opponent's trap.
He manipulated the metals in his armor, creating three shields with 100% efficiency in a single second, positioned between his vital parts that those blades could hit.
As he was very close to the enemy's attacks, the blades formed by the ground soon hit those shields and Vice's body, leaving several wounds around his legs and arms.
He let out a sound of pain as his teeth pressed, feeling that he had escaped the worst, but he still suffered several cuts.
But while he was in pain, his shields torn in half by those blades, four assassins appeared at the edge of the street, all charging at him.
"Shit! They're going after Cesar!" One of the Scarlet Syndicate's observers saw this and felt the need to act.
But just then, a burst of gunfire erupted from inside the Mazzanti mansion, men with upgraded weapons unloading their rifles and shotguns on the assassins around Vicente.
Bang! Bang! Bang!
"Shit! Enemy attack!" One of the men from Marcus' group ran with his young master to his carriage.
As much as they were behind this attack, there was no way they could control the situation!
With Cesar's people acting against the assassins in the area, they had to ensure their young master didn't get hurt.
Amid the gunfire from Vicente's men, the men approaching him were wounded by the amount of bullets hitting them and had no choice but to retreat before they even had a chance to hit their target.
"Shit! These bastards' weapons are better than we thought!"
"Shouldn't they weaken after a few rounds?" A level 4 Acolyte asked aloud, feeling that the information they had gathered about this group's strength was wrong.
The bullets fired by Vicente's men did not diminish in power after the first shots, as they had heard!
 The leader of these men felt a wound in his arm caused by one of these weapons and saw that it wouldn't be so easy to take action against Cesar.
With so many supporters, Cesar and his people would take out several of them before he fell!
Vicente took advantage of the turning point in this surprise attack to act against these enemies, using all the metal at his disposal around him to make it difficult for these people to escape.
"Since you've come, leave your bodies behind!" He shouted as he gestured with one hand and the red pentagram in front of him glowed brighter, and various metallic objects flew into the surrounding area like the blades of a shredder.
At the same time, all those men had some metal objects on their bodies and felt those things being drawn towards Vicente, making it difficult for them to escape.
"Shit! Can this bastard attract 2nd-grade items?" One of the assassins felt some of his defensive items preventing him from escaping as it was attracted to Vicente, making him feel as if someone had lassoed him and was pulling him in the opposite direction he wanted to go.
Normally, the abilities of a 1st-stage magician would only affect 1st-grade items at most. Therefore, everyone was surprised to see their 2nd-grade items pulled towards Vicente.
'I can't manipulate these 2nd-grade items to damage your bodies, but I can attract and repel them at will!' Vicente thought as he used one of his hands to pull those bodies towards him while the other held a pistol.
At that moment, Vicente looked at the strongest enemy in the area, the one who had hurt him a few moments ago, and didn't hesitate to shoot him in the head.
Bang!



Chapter 187 Resolution
Bang!
That opponent, who was struggling to get up, didn't even hear Vicente's shot in his direction when he saw the flesh of the gun in the masked man's left hand, and then something hit his right eye.
"Aaaaaaaagh!"
He screamed in agony as he felt a sharp pain in his eye, not enough to kill him, but enough to temporarily blind him and distract him.
Vicente's men took advantage of this and another opportunity he'd created, all firing in the direction of the enemies' heads while the only two who hadn't gotten any closer to Vice fled.
"Shit!"
Marcus saw this from his carriage and realized that he wouldn't be able to kill Cesar with this action.
Thinking quickly about the problem that could intensify his enmity with Cesar, he ordered one of his men.
"Go kill one of the assassins!"
"What?" The man exclaimed in surprise, not expecting to hear such an order.
"Kill one of them. That will stop this attack! The Mazzanti family won't be able to blame us!" Marcus said, making his idiot men understand what they had to do.
Cesar was their enemy, but he didn't need to know that they were related to these assassins, nor that they wanted to kill him.
If they didn't move now, they would look suspicious. But if they helped eliminate these assassins, they could turn the situation around and make it more pleasant to do business with the Mazzanti family.
'I don't like it, but only by getting closer to this bastard can I eliminate him!' Marcus thought to himself, a few steps ahead of his men.
Arrogant as he was, Marcus was no fool. He might get carried away regarding his women or ego, but he was no dummy. He knew the basics of power relations and the importance of appearances!
With that in mind, he couldn't help but take a step back and prepare to change his strategies.
While he was thinking about this from his carriage, one of the level 4 Acolytes in his group did what he was supposed to do and attacked the strongest enemy in the area.
By using his special abilities, this man made the observers in the area, and Vicente's staff look at him strangely.
But when he attacked the strongest assassin from behind, who was vulnerable to him, everyone realized what the Symons family was doing.
"You!" The assassin felt something rip through his chest, but he couldn't cry out in the horror of being betrayed by his employer.
"Bloody assassin, die!" The Symons man shouted, pulling his sword from the enemy's body and striking again, this time at his neck.
Vicente's men stopped shooting at the man and turned their attention to the three remaining individuals while the Symons man beheaded the assassin.
In an instant, the body of the first assassin fell to the ground, headless, before Vicente used metal blades to deliver fatal blows to the other three.
Trapped by his skills and bruised by the bullets that had struck them, these Acolytes soon became vulnerable to him.
As he slashed at them with his blades, they offered no resistance. They lost their lives as they were impaled by metal blades or sliced open.
Blood splattered all around, and several properties in the area were stained with the blood and organs of those bodies.
The civilians who watched from a distance trembled and felt their legs weaken. Meanwhile, royal soldiers were already rushing to the spot, alert to the attack that had been unleashed tens of seconds ago.
It had all happened fast. In less than a minute, Vicente was facing Marcus, talking to him, and then the street they were on was littered with four dead bodies, blood, and bullet holes here and there.
Even one of the horses in Marcus' carriage had been hit by a lost bullet or a bullet that had ricocheted off of some powerful object in the area.
Amid this, some of Vicente's men held their positions inside the building while a group of three level 1 Acolytes left the building and went to their leader's side.
Vicente took his eyes off the bodies in the area and tried to ignore the pain in his body as he looked at the Symons man who had helped him.
"Thank young master Symons for me." He said, imagining that Marcus would leave after this whole situation.
'I am not sure if that guy provoked this situation, but that action was definitely to try to make peace with me.' He looked at the level 4 Acolyte retreating to the Symons family carriage.
'I don't know what to do with this family right now. My situation isn't good enough for me to get into trouble with a Mage's family.' He thought. 'I'll dance to the music for now. I'll decide what to do with this family after I add my second pentagram.'
It was the least he could do. Without even that, any decision regarding the Viscount's family would be hasty.
 Vicente looked at his men and said. "Come on, boys, collect the belongings of these assassins. They attacked us, so we're entitled to their possessions."
...
After the previous situation, Vicente and Marcus' groups split up, with the Mazzanti family explaining what happened to the soldiers who had come to their post after the previous attack.
Marcus had a lot to think about, so he left the situation as it was for the time being, while Cesar didn't come to him either after thanking him for his help earlier.
After collecting the resources of those assassins and recovering from his injuries, Vicente left his estate to take care of some expansionist matters for his group before the dinner he would have with the leader of the Scarlet Syndicate that evening.
Meanwhile, time began to pass as morning gave way to afternoon, and soon, the end of the day approached.
While the Mazzanti family group was dealing with this morning's incident and trying to get on with their other business, Rory had 'returned' to town to work on behalf of the Fuller family!
After meeting with Lena, the Irwin family's maid, he left for his meeting with Lukas and the associates of this young man Vicente wanted to get close to.
As he made his way to the Millfall Blacksmiths' Association building, Rory tried not to stress about the attack the day before and this morning.
His thoughts were on things he and his people could change, not on what had already happened.
'With the information I've gathered so far, we'll be able to take action against the Irwin family whenever we want.' He thought to himself, eager to attack the first noble family of their journey.
A Baron's family was completely different from a secondary outpost of a criminal group supported by nobles!
With that in mind, Rory was eager to return to the Mazzanti family and finish organizing the Irwin family raid.
'With this family's resources, we'll be able to raise the strength of a few more of our men!'



Chapter 188 Important Encounters
Seeing the young blond man he had met weeks ago waving at him, Rory immediately put aside his thoughts of how to strengthen his group and went over to the young blacksmith.
"Have you advanced a level? Have you become an Acolyte?" Rory said as he noticed a difference in the sensation he felt from Lukas' body now compared to what he had felt when he first met this guy.
Lukas had advanced this afternoon and finally reached the 2nd magical stage. He was delighted with himself, and when he heard the redhead in front of him, he smiled and said. "Fortunately, I could break through the barrier between the 1st and 2nd stages earlier."
"Congratulations on that. With your talent, it won't be long before you become a 2nd-stage blacksmith." Rory commented, genuinely happy for Lukas, much to Vicente's credit, of course.
"Thank you... But you're not far away from advancing, either. I'm more impressed by your progress than by mine. You've only recently awakened your powers and are already close to becoming an Acolyte." Lukas was sincere because even people with Green talents often stayed in the first stage for a year or two.
But that was because most didn't have the resources Rory and Vicente had in their first weeks after awakening. Most had to build their positions from scratch because everyone had their own interests, and not every family would have enough for everyone.
Lukas was part of a financially well-established family. However, several people in his family needed a lot of resources, and he didn't have a similar ability to justify a significant investment in his house. So he had to fight on his own to make it this far.
However, he was still favored because he had a good master and some support within the Association. Most people had none of that and usually only managed to advance in the first months or years after awakening through ordinary meditation.
Rory laughed at Lukas' comment before changing the subject. "Anyway, where's that meeting you told Vice about?"
Lukas looked down the street and motioned for Rory to follow him. "It's at the house of one of my contacts. It's almost time for the meeting, so let's go there."
"Hmmm."
As they walked along the sidewalks of downtown Millfall, Lukas asked. "By the way, did Vicente leave the city? How's your family business?"
"Fine. Vice went to Saltstar City, as he told you. If he's successful, we'll have some extra resources to strengthen the family." Rory said, creating a facade to justify the speed of growth the Fuller family would soon have.
Previously, their resources had come primarily from the food resale business that Andrew had left to his son. But as the Mazzanti family's operations developed, more resources would come from this group's underworld operations.
Robbery, fees charged to merchants who wanted to be part of their territory, and more would create opportunities for advancement for the known members of the Fuller family.
Upon hearing that, Lukas became interested, seeing that if things went well for such a family, they would soon have more resources at their disposal.
"Well, if our relationships improve, we'll be able to benefit from each other's good results," Lukas said. "Some of my friends have good talents but need support."
"Hmm, and our family needs good friends with talents. We have several fronts that could use the services of your allies, Lukas."
"Don't worry, you'll have a chance to make some good contacts tonight." The blonde smiled before they entered a well-kept house in the center of town.
Entering the house, they passed some servants until they came to an entrance hall with many tasteful decorations in a very well-lit environment.
Seeing six young people standing or sitting there talking about various subjects, Lukas caught their attention by greeting everyone and saying loudly. "My friends, this is the representative of the person I told you about the other day..."
He continued as Rory looked at the four men and two women of Lukas' age standing there, each having different and special types of Magic Gems.
Considering the aura each of them radiated, but also the outfits they wore, Rory wasn't confused as to the specializations of each of them.
There were two alchemists, a doctor, an enchanter, and two engineers, as well as Lukas, a blacksmith.
All these young people had promising talents, with green or yellow gems, most of them at level 1 Acolyte. However, one of them was still a Senior Apprentice, while the most advanced was at level 2.
Seeing young people who followed the most important specializations in the magical world, Rory realized how valuable the contact between Vicente and Lukas had been.
'If we can get at least two of them for our group, we'll benefit greatly!' Rory thought as he smiled at these people, waiting for the moment to introduce himself.
If he could get an Alchemist and an Engineer for his group, the FullerMazzanti family would be strengthened considerably.
While an alchemist could produce essential consumables for the group, an engineer could create countless complex devices that could be used for simple or even difficult tasks.
Having an enchanter would also be very good, as someone like that could significantly enhance the properties of items created by blacksmiths and engineers!
"Hello, my name is Rory Point..."
...
While Rory was meeting Lukas' allies and friends, Vicente arrived at the headquarters of the Scarlet Syndicate faction in a carriage belonging to the Mazzanti family.
He had been invited to meet the leader of that faction, and as a member of the Scarlet Syndicate, he couldn't refuse.
Upon arriving, Vice immediately met some men who were waiting for him, and after greeting him with respect, they quickly led the way to where Brody Wright was already waiting for him.
 Brody Wright, level 5, was one of the strongest warriors in the city, respected even among the few Mages.
In the magical world, not everything can be understood by one's level alone. Since magic forms differed greatly in the type of power each magician possessed, some naturally had a much higher fighting ability than others.
Normally, one would not be compared to people of another class. Warriors, whether they were magicians or generals or both, were those who possessed raw powers useful in combat and could typically only be compared to each other. However, some comparisons outside the same class served to indicate one's social position in a given area.
Brody Wright was a level 5 Acolyte but the third strongest in Millfall, weaker only than Viscount Symons and Commander Christopher Hogan.
Although there were nearly 20 Mages in the city, he was among the strongest and most respected. Aware of this, Vicente didn't dare to be disrespectful when he met such a man!
"Senior Wright, I'm glad to finally meet you."



Chapter 189 Dinner with the Head of the Scarlet Syndicate
When Brody heard Vicente speak and saw him bow to him, he immediately took a liking to this rising young man who obviously knew how to behave in the presence of a superior.
"Young Cesar, you're so polite. Don't bother acting like that in front of me. Just treat me like an ordinary man." The red-haired, middle-aged-looking man said as he smiled at the masked man in front of him and motioned for him to sit down.
Vicente ignored the people around him, men guarding the appetizers and waitresses ready to serve food and drinks, and took a seat on the other side of the table where Brody was sitting.
It wasn't a large table, and the distance between Vicente and Brody was only three feet, close enough for the black-haired young man to feel slightly pressured.
Brody's words and manner were friendly, but his level 5 aura wasn't restrained, and Vicente naturally felt as if he were standing in front of a powerful predator, capable of killing him if it wanted to.
Ignoring the unusual yellow gem on this man's forehead, he asked, but without being impertinent or showing that he didn't want to be there. "Senior Wright, what do you want from me? I'm at your disposal to answer your questions."
Seeing Vicente pick up a glass of water and act relatively relaxed, Brody didn't take kindly to his haste in asking such a question.
"You're like me, straight to the point. Well, that's not bad. But let's talk while we eat." He said as he clapped his hands, and immediately, the well-dressed, smiling waitresses in the area began to bring their plates.
"But first, I must thank you for your recent actions. Without you, Defiant Tyranny would still be a problem." He said with a smile on his face as he poured wine for himself and Vicente.
"It wasn't planned. I just had to act and get lucky in the end. I almost died that day, Senior." Vicente said before thanking him for the wine and tasting it, manipulating his mask to show only his mouth.
"Good wine." He said after smelling and tasting some of the dark red liquid.
"Hmm, this is my winery's best production. I'm glad you like it." Brody commented, not bothered because Vice was keeping his identity a secret even from him.
As the waitresses placed the plates in front of him and Vice, they both paid attention to the meal being served, with lots of greens and carbohydrates but plenty of animal protein.
Meanwhile, they exchanged a few causal comments about their situation, about the food, nothing too relevant.
Then they both began to eat, and Brody said. "So, young Cesar, what do you want? Before I tell you what I want from you, I want to know more about you."
Vicente stopped tasting the delicious food this man was serving him and looked into Brody's eyes, remembering his dinner with the real Cesar Mazzanti on Earth.
'Today, I'm here to be tested. If I behave well and don't raise any red flags, I'll have the 'privilege' of continuing to serve this man... If not, I'll be killed.' He reasoned calmly.
An ordinary person would be nervous in such a situation. But having gone through something similar on Earth and having learned a lot from the real Cesar Mazzanti, Vicente was quite calm.
He then answered. "What I want is power, resources. I want to become stronger and be able to live the way I want. But I don't have a specific goal."
"Oh? Don't you want revenge? Why did you come to Millfall? You weren't from around here." Brody asked with interest, not knowing that Cesar was Vicente Fuller but that the Mazzanti family's leader was not from Millfall.
"I have no reason for revenge. I was raised without parents or family. In fact, my only companions are my comrades in the Mazzanti family. As for why Millfall, it's because there was space here." He replied, acting so calm and direct that Brody couldn't help but believe it.
Vicente was hiding the truth about his real purpose. After all, there was nothing more dangerous than a determined man!
Cesar Mazzanti had taught him never to get involved or even take a chance with someone who was willing to do anything to get something. People like that were hazardous, and if you couldn't avoid them, you had to eliminate them to avoid problems.
On the other hand, people with common goals of greatness, such as those searching for wealth or individual power, were easier to control...
Like the real Cesar Mazzanti, Brody Wright thought much the same and liked what he heard from the young Apprentice before him.
'This is good. If I show you the way to gold, you'll follow whatever I want, even if your interests contradict mine.' The red-haired man smiled in a way that hid his true intentions.
"Indeed, the city's eastern side was free for all to use. You were right to take advantage of the opportunity. Not every city like ours has room for newcomers like you." He complimented him and went back to eating.
"So I suppose you'll be expanding your operations now, right? With the end of the Defiant Tyranny, many shopkeepers are looking for support."
Vicente agreed as he ate. "Yes, but that's up to the faction command. I don't want to interfere where I shouldn't."
Brody said. "Don't worry. While I am indeed interested in some of the businesses left behind by Defiant Tyranny, I don't have the manpower to take over everything they left behind.
However, you and your group could be useful to me by providing the protection service they offered in their territory."
"Oh? Then I'll do it." Vicente said, following the man's lead even though he personally disliked this person and planned future actions against him.
As the little one there, Vice knew he had to swallow his pride and do bitter things for the sake of his future.
Since he could not go against this man, he could only act as a subordinate in order to have a chance to live and become stronger, just like a gangster would have to do on Earth.
"All right, since we understand each other, I'd like to make a new deal with you, young Cesar." Brody finally got to the point of this meeting.
 'As expected...' Vicente thought to himself. 'He actually wants to renegotiate the agreements he had with my group.'
"To give you more room to maneuver and to protect you from the local nobles, I need a little more than you've been giving me. How about we keep the percentage of the profits that go to me, but you give me the blueprint for one of your firearms?" He smiled, showing what he wanted from Vicente.



Chapter 190 Negotiation
When Vicente heard the horrible 'proposal' that Brody Wright had for him, he couldn't help but make an awful face under his mask.
He wouldn't bother to give more of his profits to this faction for the stability he and his family needed to go in search of magic pentagrams. But his weapons were the most valuable thing he had besides his own powers.
Giving them to another group would be remarkably dangerous.
But how could he refuse? The man in front of him could kill him with a wave of his finger!
Vicente could kill level 3 Acolytes with ordinary talents inferior to his own, as was the case with most of his opponents so far. By the same logic, he could fight with some balance, perhaps even advantage, against level 4 Acolytes, but without the chance to kill them. However, before advancing to level 1, he knew he would have no chance of withstanding a single move from a level 5 Acolyte, even if that person had low talent.
But the man in front of Vicente was a born warrior and had a Yellow talent that was by no means negligible.
Vicente didn't need to fight or challenge Brody to know he would die if this faction leader wanted him to!
'Damn it, so you're not going to give up!' He held back his anger at Brody, sensing that this man had not forgotten the 'loss' he had recently suffered.
The deal Vice had recently made with the Scarlet Syndicate had been crucial for him and his group to continue to operate while strengthening themselves to reach their current level. Without that deal, they would probably all be dead by now.
But that deal had only been possible because Vice's weapons were at stake, which was the only thing he and his people could use to lure the Scarlet Syndicate group. But he had known from the beginning that he would get enough to stop Defiant Tyranny, and he had never been willing to hand over his weapons to such a faction.
Brody had probably realized that already, but he wasn't willing to let Vice control the situation as he pleased.
As the strongest and the one with the biggest hand in the matter, Brody was the one who would control the pace of things!
He realized that Vice was very upset about his demand and laughed inside.
'Do you think I'm going to let you use me like this without doing anything? Kid, you may be smart, but you still haven't achieved what it takes to fool me so masterfully.
Consider this your punishment for playing with someone you shouldn't have.'
But despite his thoughts, Brody wasn't angry with Vice, for as much as such a boy had acted for his own good, the result of his actions had been very beneficial to the Scarlet Syndicate.
Vicente saw the serene look on Brody's face and realized that he would have to take a few steps back. 'I'm going to have to gamble.'
"We can do what Senior Wright says. But I'd like to ask for some time. These weapons are my greatest creations. I don't want them to fall into the hands of non-aligned forces.
I'd like to train some of your men to make this weapon for your group and have them know exactly how to make the model you'll have without risking others having access to it."
To make Vicente's weapons, one would only need blacksmiths and people to assemble the parts of these weapons. It was something that anyone with the materials and blueprints could do.
However, Vicente had created a method to make it difficult for others to learn how to make similar weapons by taking them apart and reverse engineering them.
If he had to give one of his models to this faction, he wanted to make sure that the Scarlet Syndicate wouldn't be the ones to start a gun revolution in this world by letting one of their models fall into the hands of people who could understand how these weapons worked and replicate them.
Not only that but if he could get this man to agree to have some of his men trained by Vicente first, this young man could buy some time before the Scarlet Syndicate had weapons like his group's.
"I also want the ammunition for this model to be produced exclusively by my group. To prevent any of our enemies from getting their hands on one of your weapons and using it against us, I want to be the sole supplier of the ammunition."
Without ammunition, guns were like useless toys. Even if someone got their hands on one of these weapons, not only would they not be able to learn how to develop weapons because of Vicente's mechanism, they wouldn't be able to use them freely because they would have a limited number of bullets.
Hearing this young man's words, Brody was surprised to see that Vice knew how to swallow his defeats and do what he had to do.
Vice's first request didn't seem strange to him, but he didn't agree with the second. "What makes you think that your group will be able to keep these ammunition safe when you don't even trust my group to keep possessing them? I don't see how you, being the only one capable of making these bullets, will change anything about this kind of danger."
Vicente heard this and immediately responded, not with words, but with his own powers.
He showed Brody his red pentagram and used some of the utensils on the table between them to form several bullets of different sizes and designs.
"Because I don't have a lot of prepared ammunition on my property. Since I make them with my skill, I don't have to make a big stockpile like blacksmiths would if they had to make them. Whenever you need ammunition, I can produce the amount you need on delivery without having to store it."
Seeing those bullets and hearing that, Brody couldn't deny Vicente's power's versatility and that it made him more efficient at protecting that ammunition.
A blacksmith could never make one or two bullets. They would have to maximize the efficiency of their work and would certainly produce a much larger quantity in a longer time than Vice would need.
Understanding this, Brody saw that Vicente wasn't just trying to trick him into having a monopoly on these items for some silly reason.
"I see..."
...
 While the two were negotiating how to make a deal on a gun model, Marcus Symons was receiving information about his men's investigation of Vicente Fuller in another part of the city!
"Well? What did you find out?"



Chapter 191 Results of Caseys Work
"What have you found out?" Marcus asked two of his men who had been in Martell Village recently.
Meanwhile, he smiled, hoping to find something compromising against Vicente Fuller that he could use against the bold young man who had met with Shelby Staples when he shouldn't have.
Marcus wasn't suspicious of Vicente and Cesar's relationship. But frustrated by the level of power the Mazzanti family leader had demonstrated this morning, he could only focus his anger on striking this other fool who had challenged him.
"Not very relevant, young master. This Vicente Fuller seems to be just an unfortunate young man." One of the two men said, both with rather complicated expressions.
Neither of them cared much about the situation of people not related to them. But they felt a little bad when they found out the truth about Vicente, especially since they knew that Marcus was unlikely to leave the young man alone.
"Vicente Fuller is the young son of a merchant who made his own fortune by reselling food from the less wealthy nobles of Scott Province.
His family wasn't particularly rich, but they weren't poor either. They weren't talented or unique, nor did they have significant connections to the powers that be in the province."
Vicente's father had some friends among the lower nobility of the province. But the Barons were of little importance, and he had too few contacts among them to be considered important.
Hearing this, Marcus laughed, noting that the fool who had challenged him by finding his woman alone had no support.
"So he only has this small family on his side?"
"No, he has no one." The other man said. "A few years ago, on a family trip, Vincent Fuller lost his mother in a confrontation of experts. After that, his sister was kidnapped by an unorthodox cult, and then his father died.
Today, the Fuller family consists of him, his 8-year-old younger sister, and a few friends and subordinates who have joined him recently. If there's one low-level Acolyte on his side, that's a lot."
Marcus heard this and did not feel sorry for Vicente. This young man's miserable life would not exempt him from being punished for getting close to another man's fiancée!
"Is that all? Is there nothing else remarkable about him?" Marcus asked, feeling that with this data, he already had some of Vice's weaknesses to target and punish him for getting involved with Shelby.
"There is nothing more, young master." The two men said at the same time.
Casey had done his job in time before these men reached people who knew about Vicente's guns beforehand. So, none of the Symons family investigators had discovered the connection between Vice and Cesar.
In the dark, Marcus couldn't use this investigation to hurt Cesar.
But he wanted to target Vicente.
He gave his orders, eager to see the guy begging at his door, promising never to speak to Shelby again. "All right, here's what I want you to do..."
...
After a few hours, Vicente finally left the Scarlet Syndicate headquarters after making a deal with Brody Wright to hand over one of his weapons projects.
In the end, Brody had accepted that Vice would train some of his men to produce the weapons and that the ammunition would be produced exclusively by the Mazzanti family. But in return, that family would have to give 10% more of the profits to the Scarlet Syndicate faction.
From Vicente's point of view, this was a terrible deal!
However, as the weaker party, he had to sign such an agreement, or else he might not have even returned from that dinner.
But Vicente wasn't going to stand idly by!
As he walked home, he thought about everything he had discussed with the leader of the Scarlet Syndicate.
'That bastard! For now, I'll have to do as he says, but when I get stronger, I'll make him pay for forcing me repeatedly!'
The leader of the Scarlet Syndicate had already forced Vicente to join his group before, which had started the whole mess with Defiant Tyranny. Now, he was forcing Vice to hand over a model of his firearms, which could disrupt some of the young Fuller's future plans.
With all this in mind, Vicente was more determined than ever to bring all these problems back to Brody Wright in the future.
'I'll walk in the line and obey you as long as I'm weak and need stability for my men and me to hunt magic pentagrams. As soon as the situation changes, I'll deal with you!' He thought as he saw the Mazzanti estate in the distance and headed home to return to training and upgrading his group's weapons.
'Since you will have my weapons, I must take command of your group!'
...
Another day would end for Millfall, and a new day would begin.
After a night of hard work, Vicente would finish upgrading another batch of his family's weapons, reaching 75% progress on the 50 weapons he had at his disposal earlier.
Also, after training a little each time he was exhausted, even with the magic support items, Vicente had improved his mana density a little more and was about to advance to level 1!
 With over 93% of the energy a Senior Apprentice could accumulate before reaching the bottleneck between the 1st and 2nd magic stages, he was very close to advancing and becoming an Acolyte.
But this time, he wouldn't use external items to get a head start. With the situation in Millfall becoming less chaotic for his family, he wasn't in such a hurry to seek artificial resources to increase his strength.
Considering where he was and how his people needed those resources more than he did, Vice didn't intend to spend on resources for himself in the short term.
As his group's operations expanded, he would soon need more people in this city, which meant more people to feed.
With this in mind, he took the day off to upgrade his group's weapons and finally try to advance to the next level!
Shortly after dawn, he would stop for coffee and give his men a few orders before heading back to the training room in the basement of the building.
He was aware that Rory had had a good meeting with Lukas' associates the night before and about the possibility of robbing the Irwin family. But he left those matters for the next day.
There was nothing more important to this young man looking to the future than his time in seclusion.
'Time to see what lies beyond...' Vicente thought to himself as he closed his eyes once more and began to meditate.



Chapter 192 Level 1 Acolyte (1)
The next day...
After Vicente finished upgrading all of his group's weapons that had not yet been modified, he was 100% focused on attempting to break through to the 2nd stage.
Having reached just over 99% progress at the Senior Apprentice level hours ago, Vice had been focused on his seclusion ever since.
In the basement of his residence, he was alone in the training area, meditating while the semi-transparent mana around him shone like small stars.
Reaching the peak of a level was not a guarantee of advancement; where one would only have to take the next step and then be at a higher level.
The magic world didn't work that way!
The difference between a 1st-grade pill and a 2nd-grade one, or even between pills of the same grade but different purities, was not just the difference of one minimum point between the threshold of the two.
Each advancement brought with it a significant quantitative difference but also qualitative improvements.
If a Senior Apprentice had 70 points of power when they reached the peak of their level, a level 1 Acolyte wouldn't have 71 points when they reached their new level. No, they could have 100 points, 200 or more. Not only that, but they would gain the ability to feel, see, and understand the world in a completely different way.
This happened more between stages of magic, but it also happened between levels of the same stage.
Because of that, advancing a stage was never as simple as taking the next step and reaching 71 points, as in the example.
In a way, what happened during a breakthrough was like a change of identity, and during a breakthrough, you would change so much that to say you would change your race would not be extreme.
To change so much of yourself, you would need more than just a little energy to get through a bottleneck. They would need a lot of energy for their level. They would have to know how to manage that mana without destroying their bodies or souls. They would have to use it to change themselves, to develop their pentagrams, and to improve the connection between themselves and their Magic Gems.
All of this and more took time and effort on the part of the person trying to advance a stage, especially if they were doing so without the help of external artifacts or resources.
But in order to make this quantitative and qualitative progress, all one needs, apart from having already reached the pinnacle, is understanding, something associated with one's natural talent.
Vicente knew that his talent was not just what his Magic Gem showed. Each of his gems had a different talent, and the strongest talent influenced the weakest.
As such, his understanding, or rather his ease in understanding this world, was superior to that of people with yellow talents.
Usually, people with this level of talent didn't have much trouble advancing from Senior Apprentice to level 1 Acolyte. For them, it was only a matter of time, even if they trained without the help of external items, to evolve their stage powers.
There was little risk of failure for people with such talents, so even though he had two gems that required twice as much mana as normal for a person of his level, Vicente didn't have any major difficulties in his meditation.
While he was collecting mana from his surroundings, he was working on absorbing this mana and, at the same time, using it to enrich his being, his senses, pentagrams, gems, and so on.
During Awakening, one would have all of this enhanced but would have no control over any of it, as everything would happen naturally and be commanded by the Magic Gem that "chose" them. But at higher levels, every time one went through the stage advancement, they would have to command all these processes consciously.
That's why it was so much more difficult and time-consuming to raise one's stage than it was to Awaken magical powers!
Vicente felt that his progress was over 100%, and after two hours of meditation, he reached the mark of over 111% progress.
Still, he didn't feel the changes were remarkable, let alone that the amount of mana under his control would be enough to raise his level.
'A level 1 Acolyte has between 2.5 and 3 times the mana density of a Senior Apprentice.' He understood that he would have to absorb much more mana to advance. 'But I have two Magic Gems. That means I'll have to absorb 5 to 6 times more mana to raise my level!'
Vicente had two talents and two magic forms. He had been aware of this since he had understood his post-awakening powers.
But because of this, he had to absorb mana to feed his two Magic Gems and his first two Magic Pentagrams!
As one raised their level, their pentagrams and gems would be transformed to a certain degree.
Of course, this wouldn't change the form of the power or the type of magic one could use, as this could only be changed before Awakening. After Awakening, at most, one could evolve into different paths depending on the type of magic pentagrams one absorbed.
But power mutations didn't happen to people who had already awakened their magical powers.
However, that didn't mean one's Magic Gem or Pentagram couldn't evolve!
As they evolved, they would need more and more mana to become stronger. So the Magic Gems would transform along with their owners, becoming capable of filtering more mana as one grew stronger.
For example, if a Junior Apprentice could absorb 1 unit of mana per training session, by the time they became a level 1 Acolyte, they would be able to absorb much more than 1 unit per training session.
On the other hand, the powers related to one's Magic Pentagrams could be improved and refined after one advanced. But this only happens if one uses their breakthrough moments to change these parts of themselves!
Normal Apprentices would only have one Gem and one Magic Pentagram to transform. Still, Vicente had two of each, so he needed more mana and attention than anyone else of the same level.
 Aware of this, he didn't get nervous when he sensed the amount of mana he would need and went ahead with his basic progression strategy, gradually controlling more and more free mana and using it to transform himself.
He didn't have to do everything simultaneously, as if he were desperate. One step at a time was enough, and after that, he was confident that he could achieve his quantitative and qualitative progress.



Chapter 193 Level 1 Acolyte (2)
It had been more than 13 hours since Vicente had begun his attempt to advance to level 1 of the Acolyte stage, and he was still in that training room at the Mazzanti family headquarters.
Another afternoon had given way to evening, and the night was gradually giving way to the start of another day as Vicente meditated in that room, making the people in that building gradually more anxious.
An ordinary Senior Apprentice's progression to level 1 of the Acolyte stage took between 4 and 6 hours. But the head of this family had already been in the training room for more than twice the maximum time!
Therefore, while they were on the outskirts of this estate, the men there became increasingly worried about their leader's situation.
Some of them had even changed shifts twice, going to rest, working in the family territory, and returning to this place. However, Vicente was still in that cultivation room.
One of the Acolytes who had been there since Vicente began his meditation was one of the most nervous. He hadn't only entered the training room to check on Vice because the family leader's powers affected the entire building.
Ever since he began his attempt to advance, Vice's powers had caused everyone in the building to feel heaviness in their consciousness, as the internal metals in their bodies were affected by the magnetic waves coming from the training room there.
As time passed over the past few hours, the magnetic phenomena around that building became more intense, and all the 1st-grade magical equipment there stopped working.
At the same time, sparks would appear from time to time near sharp surfaces, and the house's walls, ceiling, and floor would look strange.
These phenomena resulted from someone with Vincent's elemental affinities attempting to advance their stage.
Aware of this, despite their leader's delay, the men around this estate still held their positions and fulfilled their duties, for their leader should be okay.
But even though they were aware of this, the people there couldn't help but become nervous, quite tense as they waited.
In the midst of this, some of them were talking among themselves.
"Why is he taking so long?"
"I don't know... He must have run into a problem."
Two men exchanged comments in low voices on one side of the building.
On the other side, near where Vicente was training, two Acolytes were also talking about it.
"What's taking the boss so long? Someone with his talent level should have finished this ten hours ago."
"Our boss' power is extreme. Maybe the level of mana he needs is very different from ours." A man who had recently returned from his rest commented, not wanting to say words that might question the level of his leader's talent. But inwardly, he couldn't help but question it.
The higher the talent, the faster the progress!
No matter how fast Vicente was in other situations, advancing one stage was the most important way to tell someone's talent level.
After all, it didn't matter how fast you could advance within a single stage. If you couldn't make a stage breakthrough in the maximum amount of time, you risked staying at the same level for the rest of your life!
There was a limit to how much one could meditate. It depended on a magician's level of power. Still, everyone had their limits, and if they couldn't progress within their limits, they would fail.
Failing to break through would make it even more difficult for them to break through in the future, which was an awful sign.
...
While many of Vicente's men were worried, he was still meditating in his training room with his eyes closed.
However, if someone walked in there at this moment, they would see a rather peculiar situation.
Sitting in the lotus position, Vicente floated 20 centimeters above the ground while the mana in the air around him seemed to form a large chain over his body.
As his Magic Gem continued to glow an intense yellow, with rays of light constantly entering it, one of the points of this chain suddenly cracked.
A cracking sound spread through the area as the chain cracked more and more rapidly as if it would explode at any moment.
Seconds after the first crack, a burst came from the semi-transparent thing around Vicente as he suddenly opened his eyes to see the space around him distorting with the dense energy of the area.
Opening his eyes and looking around the room, Vicente saw and felt the consequences of his meditation, noticing the effects in the area disappear as he felt all the mana there being absorbed by the two gems on his forehead.
All the energy concentrated in the small space of this training room soon entered him as if he were a large manhole in a flooded street that, after being cleared, quickly "swallowed" all the water above it.
Sensing this, Vicente formed a satisfied expression as he noticed his level suddenly rising and stabilizing at the beginning of the 2nd stage!
As this happened, the two pentagrams inside his being vibrated and increased in size, gaining new details in their strange symbols.
 At the same time, his two gems suddenly radiated a feeling of lightness to Vice's entire being, while he felt as if the colors in his surroundings had become more vibrant.
His senses multiplied, and he could see smaller things that he knew humans couldn't see with the naked eye.
He could sense the mana in his surroundings from a greater distance than before, which also gave him greater control to probe those close to him.
His sense of touch and hearing were developing. Closing his eyes briefly as he floated in the air, Vicente could almost feel the air molecules touching his skin as he heard some of his men talking on the other side of the door.
"...The effects have changed..."
Ignoring the two talking, Vicente neglected his taste buds, the least useful of the senses in this situation. He noticed a much greater attraction to the many metals in his surroundings, whether they were parts of living bodies, the building, or metal artifacts near him.
Vicente didn't gain any new abilities, as that would only come with new pentagrams. But all of his previous aptitudes and abilities have advanced a few levels.
Also, now that he was on a new level, he felt he could create even stronger and more complex spells and control more mana during his upcoming meditations.
"Perfect!" He opened his eyes again and said aloud, feeling the good sensation of progress and improvement.
'With this breakthrough, I won't be defenseless against the bloody Brody anymore!' He clenched his fists, feeling that everything might change after he absorbed his second Magic Pentagram from his first gem.
When that happened, his powers would stabilize, he would gain a new ability, and he could finally think about taking action against his local enemies!



Chapter 194 Worry
Clenching his fists, Vicente felt the difference between level 1 of the Acolyte stage and his previous level.
The feeling he had now was so incredible that he practically didn't feel human anymore!
The difference between what he had felt before becoming a magician and after the Awakening was much stronger than now, considering the difference in the dimensions of that breakthrough. But in terms of the amount of mana under his control, Vicente now had about 20 times more mana than what he had gained from awakening his powers weeks ago.
In addition to a much greater amount of mana at his disposal, he felt as if something was missing and he could get much stronger in no time.
This was the feeling of a new 'space' opening up in his being for him to add new Magic Pentagrams to his essence.
Vicente had two Magic Gems, so he felt two new spaces available!
However, this was not as good as one might imagine. Not knowing how his powers related to his second gem, Vicente had no idea what kind of Magic Pentagram he should absorb for his second soul.
That was a problem!
He quickly realized this after his initial euphoria caused by his breakthrough.
Noticing two empty 'spaces' in himself, he became more serious and considered his situation. 'If I don't absorb a pentagram for this other gem, doesn't that mean I'll be left with part of my cultivation unstable?'
Gulp!
Thinking about what might happen if his powers continued to grow without him having the necessary stability, Vicente felt uncertain and fearful about the future.
If the mana in his body remained unstable, he could even explode!
'Shit! I had ignored that!' He thought as he looked at the ground, trying to find an answer to his situation.
Should he try to absorb just the next pentagram of his first Magic Gem? Or perhaps he should take a chance and absorb two pentagrams, the second for his gem that he didn't even know what was like.
Previously, Vice had had the feeling that he shouldn't use his second gem or the pentagram associated with it. Since his Awakening, he had never tried to understand this part of himself for fear of what might happen.
A body and soul had to have strong characteristics to withstand the powers of a Magic Pentagram. Precisely for this reason, the level of pentagrams one absorbed had to be in line with their characteristics to not destroy their foundations.
But Vicente had a yellow Magic Pentagram associated with his second gem!
This was a level of pentagram that normally only a Mage's body could withstand.
And as much as this pentagram was already associated with him, a Magic Pentagram was not something one could use without being worn down by it. There was a cost to the body of the magician who used their pentagrams.
The first risk of a pentagram was associated with the moment of its absorption when it could even destroy the body and soul of the one who tried to absorb it. However, after absorption, this essence caused physical and mental damage after each use.
If one wasn't strong enough, a pentagram could even kill them!
But if one was powerful enough, its benefits outweighed its harms, and as one grew stronger, the damage caused by the constant use of pentagrams could be reversed and ignored.
Aware of this, Vicente didn't want to use this Yellow Magic Pentagram without having confidence in himself first, so he had never tested this part of himself.
But now he was in a dilemma.
'I need to find a good scholar!' He thought of the only possibility in front of him.
Scholars didn't just develop spells and special things important to the magic world. They were the ones who knew the most about the rules of magic, how one could manipulate them to one's advantage, but also about Magic Pentagrams and Gems.
If anyone could help Vicente understand his situation, it would be some well-ranked scholar. Apart from someone like that, he was unlikely to find any good advice in Polaris Realm unless he met a magician of the highest level.
But it was easier to find scholars than top-level magicians.
'I can't tell anyone about my peculiarities, but I can learn more about Magic Gems and Pentagrams.' He thought to himself.
'I intend to go to Alpine Woodpecker Forest to hunt pentagrams. I'll take advantage of the fact that this area is close to Ironcrest to look for scholars in that city.'
Ironcrest was the second-largest city in the province, the second-best place in the area for Vicente to look for scholars who could answer his questions.
As for Alpine Woodpecker Forest, after days of studying the book he had obtained when stealing Defiant Tyranny, Vicente had concluded that the area had a good chance of being valuable to him.
Ironcrest was a city with the best blacksmiths in the province. As Alpine Woodpecker Forest was nearby, perhaps this would be an interesting forest area for blacksmiths like him.
Pentagrams had to be compatible with the powers of the magicians who absorbed them. Thus, looking for pentagrams in that area could be suitable for Vicente, so he wanted to go there.
 Thinking of combining the useful with the pleasant, he couldn't help but consider a brief visit to Ironcrest to find a way to solve this problem.
Deciding to do so, he sighed, feeling there was nothing more he could do about it for the time being. He could only continue his plans until he left in search of the pentagram hunt and left the matter for when he went to Ironcrest.
"Now I have to focus on Millfall. I have to make sure my group has stability during my absence." He muttered as he got dressed, preparing to leave that training site.
When Vicente opened the door of the place that had been under the observation of the men on that estate for several hours, those in front of the entrance to the training room at that moment couldn't help but look at him differently.
But sensing Vicente's power at a new level, those Acolytes there soon formed smiles on their faces, seeing that their leader had made an important breakthrough.
"Boss, congratulations on reaching level 1!" The two of them ran up to him, congratulating him as they felt their hearts beating harder in their chests.
"Hmm, I worried you, didn't I? I needed a bit more mana than I thought I would, and it took me longer to advance... Anyway, luckily, I made it before I was exhausted." He laughed as he said this to his men while walking up to the residence's second floor.
"Now that I'm at level 1, get ready. I intend to set off on the hunt for Magical Pentagrams in a week at most." He said confidently, making those men even more excited, as they still hadn't absorbed their new pentagrams.



Chapter 195 Expansion and Stability
After explaining his plans to two of his men, the two soldiers from the Mazzanti family quickly left Vicente to spread the information around the headquarters.
If Vicente were to leave in a week at the most, all the Acolytes and those who could reach that level in the next few days would have to prepare to be ready in seven days at the most.
After that, those who had reached the next level would probably have to hunt for pentagrams on their own, which wasn't that interesting, considering that they would have a better chance of getting something better if they were with Rory and Vicente!
Those who were already Acolytes would just have to prepare for the journey, while the Senior Apprentices who were about to be promoted would have to hurry to move up a level!
As Vicente's headquarters became more lively after his breakthrough, he left to meet some of his contacts.
...
Earlier in the day, Vicente had gone public with his Cesar identity, revealing to several of his associates that he was now an Acolyte.
That morning and early afternoon, he had met with some merchants interested in joining his territory, with whom he had signed 9 more agreements for the accession of new territories under his protection.
With these new contracts, he would receive 10 gold coins from each as a monthly payment for protection, a much higher amount than the one charged to River and Zander's tavern.
However, Vicente was already planning to update his territory's security fee for each of the more than 20 establishments he currently had under his command.
Knowing that no one would complain at the moment, he took the opportunity to finally make a profit from these establishments, even disregarding the belongings of bandits or troublesome customers that his men might take.
After that, he returned to the local mercenary guild, where he didn't hesitate to hire four more men for his party, thinking ahead to the next few days when he would leave Millfall.
Alpine Woodpecker Forest was about eight days' ride from Millfall. So Vicente figured he would be out of town for 20 to 30 days once they left in a week.
When he and the core of his group would be away from the city, he would need people to continue his family's operations in Millfall.
In addition to the support of the Scarlet Syndicate, he also needed people to work for him.
Thus, in addition to some men who would be arriving from Martell Village in the next few days, Vicente would have these 4 new mercenaries the next day, bringing his group's numbers up to 60 men.
With that in mind, knowing that 12 men between Junior and Senior Apprentice level would be coming to Millfall from the village, he finished his day's business and returned to his organization's headquarters.
On his way back to his headquarters, Vicente didn't notice anyone following him, as had been the case a few days ago when he showed up in town and on his previous movements.
After his action against the assassins who had tried to kill him in front of Marcus Symons, Vicente had scared off most of those who had been watching him earlier.
Still, he preferred not to risk too much outside his headquarters, as some assassins might still be interested in his head.
'Time to take care of the Irwin family robbery...' As he entered his estate, he thought to himself. This was the last thing he wanted to do before his group left for the Alpine Woodpecker Forest.
But as he entered his building, one of Vicente's men was already waiting for him with a message from someone.
Upon receiving it, Vicente immediately saw Shelby Staples' signature and wasn't surprised.
'Congratulations on the magic step forward, Vicente. This is an important progress in our plans...' He started to read it as he walked to his office, seeing that such a woman was watching him.
'I guess it's time for you to go in search of a new pentagram, right? Take your time, but don't forget we must talk when you return. With your advance, we can begin my plans to bring chaos to the nobles of this city and accomplish some of our goals.
Anyway, don't worry about your group. In your absence, I'll try to keep an eye on your operations and help your men if necessary. The same goes for Nina. I can't visit her because of some problems, but I'll watch her.
With love, your best ally.'
He finished reading, seeing how available Shelby had become.
Sigh!
'If you weren't so slippery, Shelby, I'd trust you as much as I trust Rory.' Vice closed his eyes as he sat in his office, thinking how nice it would be to have someone else he could trust and who could solve problems like Shelby.
But that woman was capable of betraying her own family, using questionable methods to get close to him, threatening and blackmailing. He didn't want someone like her!
He wanted someone like Nova on his side. However, this beauty was part of the army and was unlikely to give up her dreams and become a criminal.
"Things are really difficult..." He bitterly laughed as he realized the one he wanted would hardly stand by him if she knew who he was.
Burning Shelby's message, Vicente soon read all the letters from his Fuller family business partners that had been waiting for him for a few days.
Rory and other members of the group could handle the affairs of the Mazzanti family. But the Fuller family affairs could only be handled by Vicente. So even when he was working as Cesar, Vicente always received messages from his Fuller family men.
 When he quickly read that his representatives were working as expected, he took another worry off his shoulders.
The village was entirely under his control, and the number of men approaching his group to become his employees there was steadily increasing. Moreover, his company's business with the village merchants was growing as he had expected, given the low prices they charged compared to other competitors in the province.
Satisfied with the state of his public affairs, Vicente finally looked at the report that Rory had recently sent, which spoke of the Irwin family's circumstances!
Reading it, it wouldn't be long before he began to update some of his plans regarding the robbery of this family.
But even with the changes, his plans to raid the Irwin mansion later this week hadn't changed!



Chapter 196 The Beginning of the Robbery
Two nights after Vicente's advancement...
After his level-up, Vicente made the necessary changes to his plans for the robbery of the Irwin family.
After taking a little longer than planned to combine his plans and knowledge of robbing well-protected properties with what Rory had passed on to him, he finally completed his preparations.
This morning, Vicente summoned his most important men and immediately went over his plans with them, giving orders to the people who would act with him.
Luckily for him, magicians in this place were completely different from humans on a small blue planet. On Earth, he would have had to give his men a few weeks to train what to do after the whole plan was ready to be put into practice.
Before much training, even a team of talented thieves would have difficulty breaking into a well-protected property and stealing safely.
To make a pertinent comparison, robbing the Irwin residence in Millfall would be like robbing a small bank branch on Earth.
This wasn't just an ordinary family's property!
If a group like Vice's didn't prepare well for a similar robbery on Earth, they might even get wiped out.
But things in the magic world were very different from Earth. There, even low-level magicians could easily learn what to do and prepare for a robbery of this difficulty with only a few hours between their first conversation and the moment of the robbery!
Therefore, after dismissing his men to prepare for the raid later, Vicente wasn't worried they wouldn't be prepared enough. There was plenty of time!
With that done at the beginning of the day, he would spend the rest of the day concentrating and ignoring what was happening in his group or in Millfall.
With the deals he had made lately, as well as his advancement and his group's demonstration of power against the young master Symons, few would stand in his way now.
The Mazzanti family expanded their operations without a hitch, gradually bringing in more men from Martell Village and taking over more posts in the city.
But with everything going according to plan, Vicente finally had time to focus on simpler things, like a raid on enemy property.
...
Later that day, the Scarlet Syndicate men selected by Brody Wright arrived at the Mazzanti family building to talk to Cesar about producing the model of the firearm their group had negotiated days earlier.
Upon arrival, the group was greeted as usual, with a level 1 Acolyte quickly answering the door to greet them.
But to the surprise of the men there to learn, Cesar wasn't there.
"He's not here? But how? Our leader said he talked to Cesar about us coming here to start studying this afternoon." One of the three Scarlet Syndicate blacksmiths shouted, an ugly expression forming on his face.
"Yes, we are aware of that." A masked man in armor said in a relaxed tone. "Don't worry, the boss has gone to solve a problem and will return in a few hours. You can start learning from him tonight."
This was a setback for the plans these men had been given, but if they were going to start learning today, it wasn't such a problem.
Unlike Vicente, ordinary blacksmiths didn't learn so quickly. Most of them needed days of effort to learn how to make a new type of item.
Since these men were there to learn how to make a model firearm, they were sure it would take them two to four weeks to master what was necessary to start making weapons for the Scarlet Syndicate.
A few hours' delay would not change the time it would take them to master what they needed.
Seeing that Vice hadn't changed his plans, one of Brody's men lowered his tone and said. "In that case, let's wait for his return."
"Please accompany me." The Acolyte, one of the few at the headquarters at the moment, said and led them to a place where they could wait for Vicente.
...
Meanwhile, in the wealthy district of Millfall...
This upscale area of the city was quiet as usual, with the young daughters of rich and powerful men walking the streets of this safer part of town.
Some walked with their pets, others with friends, chatting about women's issues.
But in some parts of this area, young people were also venturing into things they shouldn't, into relationships that would be considered forbidden and would result in severe punishment for those involved if found out.
But in the shadows of the late afternoon, in the most secluded places of this area, hardly anyone would notice the rottenness of the upper order, the betrayals and intrigues going on behind the backs of important people.
Amid the forbidden actions of some, a carriage bearing the symbol of the Fuller family stopped in front of the Irwin estate, and some well-dressed and well-groomed men got out and went to their meeting with the family.
"Representatives of the Fuller family, please, this way." Said one of the butlers who had been expecting this group when he saw Vicente's men.
 Two days ago, Baron Irwin had received a letter from Vicente requesting a meeting to discuss business. Apparently, Vicente had managed to get some jewels and sent some of his men to show them to the Baron.
Every noble family liked jewelry and the like. After all, jewels were a stock of value!
Some jewels were worth 100, 200, 300 gold coins!
For a wealthy family with few members, as was the case with most noble families of the kingdom, it would sometimes be impossible to carry all their coins if they had to flee quickly.
But if part of that wealth were in the form of jewels, it would be much easier to do so!
With the same volume of 20 gold coins, one could have a piece of jewelry worth 5, 10, or even 15 times that amount!
Thus, whenever a nobleman was able to increase the number of jewels in his family, he did so in order to be better prepared for a moment of escape, a danger of destruction.
It was precisely for this reason that the Baron, upon discovering that Vicente's group had such items to trade, had readily agreed to meet his business partner's men that evening.
But while these men were being led to the Baron, a fourth person entered the estate unnoticed in a long box carried by one of these men!
A masked man was waiting for his moment to strike inside this large rectangular metal box!



Chapter 197 Overcoming Barriers
"Sir, can you show me the bathroom?" One of the Fuller family's emissaries, who was carrying a long metal box similar to the ones his companions were carrying, asked the butler who was leading them.
Hearing this, the man in the black suit smiled and showed him the bathroom in the corridor they were in.
"The second door on the right." He said, not finding it strange when the man went into the bathroom with the metal box.
These boxes that Vicente's men were carrying must have contained various items that were precious to the Fuller family. It wasn't surprising that the Acolytes sent by the young Fuller had been careful with them, taking care of what was their responsibility all along.
The butler and the other men of the Fuller family stood outside the bathroom waiting for the man until he returned a minute later with the same box in his hands.
The butler then took them to the Baron's office, where the man was waiting for them.
...
Meanwhile, in the bathroom where one of Vice's men had just left...
A masked person who shouldn't have been there was standing in front of the toilet with a red pentagram spinning in front of his right hand.
Sensing all the metallic objects on the property, including the number of magicians and people there, it took Vicente only a minute to confirm all the information Rory had gathered.
'Rory was right. The defenses on this property are on all the windows, doors, and openings with contact with the outside of the property. The only way in is through the front door, from where one of the butlers must open it for us.' He sighed, noticing that there weren't many barriers inside this mansion but rather around it.
In addition to defensive items that would make the outer doors of this place virtually impenetrable to 2nd stage magicians, there were a number of warning devices that would be triggered if one somehow managed to get past the barriers.
If Vicente had tried to force his way into this place, even after overcoming the barriers, he would have had an additional problem when the warning devices sounded, alerting all the men on the estate to his presence.
With several mid- and high-level Acoytes there, including level 7 and 8 Generals, Vicente knew he might even die if he activated one of those alarm devices!
However, with the help of the servant Rory had seduced, he had found a way to enter safely and now had the path to the estate's vault.
Sensing the location of this family's resources, he saw that all of Lena's information was correct and looked up at the ceiling.
'According to the maid, Lena, a tube runs through this bathroom and connects to the floor where the vault of this residence is located.' He immediately used the metals around his body and began to float in the air, entering the ducts to follow the safest route to the vault.
Nine magicians were in the area, watching different points of the building. To avoid most of them, Vicente used this route, leaving the bathroom and quickly following the path recommended by Lena.
To pull off this heist and achieve his goal, Vicente would have to move around the property, open the vault, and steal whatever was valuable inside before his group finished negotiating with the Baron.
That would give him about five minutes or so, considering that Baron Irwin might refuse to do business with his group and end the talks quickly.
With so little time, he moved with haste and quickly reached the second floor of this mansion, where the closest point to the vault was, following the path he had used from the bathroom.
Arriving above a corridor that led to the training area of this estate and the vault, Vice once again used his abilities to sense the presence of humans in the area.
Noticing only one person guarding the entrance to the vault, but with his back to the corridor, he quickly exited the passageway he was in and stopped next to one of the walls, looking from side to side.
Dressed as a butler, Vicente quickly assembled all the metals he had with him into a cart that would be useful for carrying dishes.
He took a deep breath and took his first step towards the man, looking down.
"Senior, would you like some tea?" He asked as he stopped next to where the man stood, drawing the attention of the General who hadn't expected to see a servant standing there.
Seeing that it was a servant, the man turned his face back to the treasury entrance and said. "No, I..."
Initially, He wasn't suspicious, as this estate had a dozen servants. But after letting his guard down at first, this man quickly realized that something was wrong because the person he had just ignored had a different magic gem than anyone he knew.
He then turned his face back to Vicente to confirm that he had indeed seen an unusual yellow gem on the forehead of the man dressed as a butler.
Pow!
Unfortunately for him, all Vicente wanted was for him to lower his guard at the first moment of contact between them!
When the man realized that this person was not one of the family's subordinates, he saw a metal bar quickly approaching his face, giving him no time to dodge.
When he felt a strong blow, the man didn't even scream before he fainted, his body falling to the ground without putting up the slightest resistance.
This was a General, someone who was very strong because of his physical abilities and martial arts. But even a good warrior could be taken by surprise.
When he was hit on the head, he fainted instantly!
 'Time to act.' Vicente quickly grabbed some explosives he had in his spatial storage item and placed them here and there, just like he had done on the way from the bathroom on the first floor to this floor.
Having done this in less than 40 seconds, he finally stopped in front of the entrance to this building's vault, which had security mechanisms related to magic and magical formations designed by engineers.
However, Vicente was a bank robber and had been practicing on his estate to rob such a vault since he had eliminated the young master Irwin weeks ago.
Standing in front of the vault door, he smiled and did what he had done about 20 times in his training over the past few weeks.
'Hehe, after today, everything will be different, Irwin family!' He laughed as he moved the mechanisms and barriers in front of him, easily overcoming the defenses of an object that was supposed to prevent Acolytes, in general, from doing what he was doing.



Chapter 198 Level of Wealth
When he came upon the inside of the Irwin family's vault, Vicente couldn't help but stare open-mouthed for a split second when he saw how stuffed the vault was.
There were three shelves on the sides of this area of about 10 square meters, with a central table in the middle of the area, under which there were also shelves.
But each space was filled with magical items, resources, coins, and precious treasures.
On the left wall, the shelves were filled with coins. There were five shelves in total, with the two lowest shelves containing only gold coins and the two highest shelves containing silver and bronze coins.
Even though silver and bronze weren't very valuable, they were the coins used daily to pay for small services in the city.
But the gold coins were the ones most used for business, the focus of this family. As such, there was a considerable amount of gold coins there.
In the middle of the shelf was a level with 15 magic stones, at an ideal height for one to easily reach them without difficulty.
On the wall opposite this coin-laden shelf was another shelf divided into five levels, just as full as the one on the opposite wall.
On the top level were 22 books that looked very old, probably records of the family's operations, but also contract books.
Below that, there were various jewels and magical combat items, but also things that could be useful for various activities, such as the analysis of precious items and appraisal artifacts.
Not every magician could pick up something valuable and tell you how much it was worth or what it could be used for.
Ordinary people would typically have to find an appraiser to determine the origin of strange objects that they get their hands on and tell them their value and usefulness. But rich people like nobles wouldn't need someone like that unless they were getting something of a very high standard, far beyond their means. For something within their financial means, they could buy artifacts made by engineers and enchanters who could do the same job.
Seeing one of these appraisal items, something that wasn't cheap, Vicente couldn't help but be interested. 'With something like this, I can try to identify the necklace Professor Julian gave me...' He thought, feeling the object around his neck.
But in addition to this shelf, the wall facing the vault door also had a shelf a few levels higher with various magical resources on it.
There were some small ores, bottles of potions and pills, some fruits, and plant roots rich in mana, which even someone with no knowledge of alchemy like Vice could sense was valuable.
'The wealth of this family is incomparable to that of the Peters family and the Defiant Tyranny!' Vicente laughed to himself in front of such wealth.
But that was the difference between a noble family and small groups that had only existed for a short time and had access to few resources.
A noble family, even a small one, could make a profit of a few hundred gold coins a month.
Often, the head of the family would accumulate wealth by thinking not only of future problems that might force him to flee but also of business opportunities, such as the auction Lukas had talked to Vice about a few days ago.
Not everyone had promising talents or the time to focus on training to become stronger, creating powerful spells, and the like. Many needed external resources if they wanted to progress in terms of mana density. If they wanted powerful skills, they needed to be able to hire good mercenaries to help them get good pentagrams. If they wanted good spells, they needed good resources to buy them. And so on.
Talent was important in this world. But one's coins could change one's destiny much more than the talent inherited from one's lineage.
A rich person with average talent could definitely go much further in this world than a poor person with high talent!
So even a Baron's family could collect something as valuable as what was in that vault!
With this in mind, Vice paid attention to the traps still in his way and moved in the only way he could.
By activating his magic ability, he made all the coins in there fly toward his spatial storage device, quickly collecting about 20,000 coins.
Of those 20,000 coins, just over half were silver and bronze coins, and the other, over 8,000, were gold coins.
This was a considerable amount for Vicente!
Not only that, but the coins in that vault alone filled his spatial ring by more than 50%.
'That really is a lot.' He laughed as he encountered this problem that everyone would like to experience.
After collecting the coins, the most difficult item to track, he used some of the metal in his body to collect each of the vials of pills and potions, as well as the roots and fruits.
This was the hardest part of his work because he had to balance each of these items on the metals under his influence, and he couldn't move them freely as he had done with the coins.
But 60 seconds after he opened the vault, Vicente managed to foil the traps and collected all the items from the second shelf he had stolen.
'I'll leave these books. As valuable as they are to me, I can't carry everything here.' He lamented his poverty.
Spatial storage items were expensive. A single 1st-grade ring could cost more than 30 gold coins because the materials needed to make such a thing were expensive.
Not only that but items that required the work of more than one professional were naturally expensive.
 With a ring that didn't have much room, he left the books and some artifacts that he didn't think would be of much use to him.
But Vicente didn't hesitate to take the jewels from the third shelf and put them around his body.
'I won't be able to sell these jewels in the province, but they could be worth a lot to me in the future.' He smiled as he finished cleaning out the place, leaving behind the books and some lesser magical items such as clothes, shoes, and other tailoring products.
With magic, anything could be altered to make it special and useful to magicians in many situations. Sometimes, you wouldn't even need to wear armor to protect yourself. A suit made by a good tailor could be an excellent defensive item.
But Vicente didn't have much use for it, so he left some of these items behind before placing some explosives in this place along with the unconscious body of the unconscious man next to him.
After that, he closed the vault door and left!



Chapter 199 Night of Flames (1)
Meanwhile, in Baron Irwin's office...
The head of the Irwin family had no idea what was happening in the vault of his residence. He was standing next to one of his most important guards while the three Fuller family emissaries stood in front of him.
These three had their rectangular boxes opened in front of the Baron and his subordinate, each one large enough to hold a grown man.
Inside were some of the valuable items that this group had to show the Baron, which they had been discussing for the past few moments.
After introducing themselves and hearing a few words from the Baron, who also asked about Vicente, the men said what they had to say and showed what they had with them.
Without much to tell, in less than three minutes of their arrival, they had talked about everything they had to show, and the Baron was now wondering if it was worth buying new jewelry for his family.
'These jewels the Fuller family has in their hands aren't interesting to me... As much as they might help me convert the value of some of my coins, I'm really not in a hurry to make such a deal.' The Baron thought to himself as he silently assessed the situation.
'If only they had something really nice for me to show the local society, but these things are just average.' The Baron sighed.
Status and prestige were everything to the nobility and could help a family to stand out from others.
A simple piece of jewelry could help beautify a woman and make her more attractive to young members of other important or more important families.
Jewelry wasn't just a high-value item used to store large amounts of coins in small volumes. They affected those who wore them and could improve the wearer's defense, comprehension, and even appearance.
If one wore one of these items for a long time, one could even gain permanently the benefits it provided.
Thus, with a single good jewel, a woman, for example, could easily improve her position by attracting the attention of an heir, perhaps even a prince.
According to local stories, the current queen came from a relatively small noble family but managed to charm the then-crown prince with her beauty.
Seeing nothing among the Fuller family jewels that could help his family members do the same, Baron Irwin concluded that it wasn't worth doing business tonight.
"I'm glad you introduced me to these jewels before Vicente's other business associates. But I'm not interested in making a deal today. I already have some jewelry like this, so we'll have to do business another time."
"Really? Too bad." One of the men commented as he closed the box next to him.
"Let's see what we can get for it in town. If we get something interesting for the Baron's family, we'll come back in the future."
"Hmmm." The old man commented as he watched the men in front of him close the boxes containing the various jewels.
"By the way, I've been waiting to ask you since you arrived. Why do you use these boxes instead of more compact storage items?" The guard beside the Baron asked.
"Because we don't have any spatial storage items, so it's easier to carry everything we have." One of the three replied, dispelling the doubts of the level 8 General next to Baron Irwin.
With that, they greeted each other once more and prepared to leave this place, having 'failed' at their business.
As the Baron rose from his chair and shook hands with the men again, he and his guard suddenly became more serious, sensing something was wrong.
Vicente's men frowned and made ugly faces as they looked around and sensed a disturbance in the mana around this residence.
If one didn't pay attention to their surroundings, it might be difficult to even notice a magician using special abilities around them. However, if something was about to happen that could destroy a house and end many lives, even if they weren't paying attention, warriors like these people would notice something wrong around them.
"What is this?" When he felt this, the Baron questioned not only his man but also the three Fuller family emissaries.
But the moment he said those words out loud, the ground suddenly shook, and the sounds of explosions outside the mansion came from the left side of the place.
BOOOOOM!
A massive explosion tore down the wall on the left side of the building, and everyone there felt the earth tremors it caused, as well as the magical attacks that formed nearby.
But while the spells around the estate seemed to be cast by relatively weak men, an extremely powerful spell suddenly appeared from inside the building, causing the Baron and his main guard to turn pale.
Before they could do anything, a powerful spell based on the earth element caused the entire estate to shake, causing everyone below level 1 Acolyte to fall to the ground and lose their footing.
The higher-level Acolytes and Generals around the estate used the mana in their bodies to stay on their feet as they realized what was happening.
"Enemy attack!" The Baron's guard shouted as he moved toward the door, preparing for battle with a weapon in hand.
Seeing the man move, the leader of the three Fuller family emissaries called out. "What can we do to help?"
"Help? Stay on my side, and don't die!" The Baron shouted, finding such a comment ridiculous.
 What could level 1 Acolytes do in such a situation?
He then ran after his guard while the three ran out of the office, trying to keep up with Baron Irwin.
But just as the last of them passed the exit of the office, another series of explosions erupted, this time inside the Irwin family mansion, from the first floor to the second floor of the building.
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
BOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
Once again, the ground shook, but this time, several pieces of wall, artifacts, and fragments of bombs flew in all directions inside the building, killing the first people there.
"Aaaaaaaaaagh!"
Cries of pain rang out around the building as the bodies of several people were sent flying by the momentum created by the explosions of several of the bombs that had been scattered around the building earlier.
"Shit! What's going on? Have we been attacked?" The Baron slammed his back into a wall but was not seriously injured. However, he couldn't help but yell in anger when he saw that some fool had decided to challenge him.
But just as the Baron was about to unleash his powers and go after the cause of all this, he saw a bluish bolt of lightning descend above his guard and strike him mercilessly.
Ka-Boom!
It didn't even take a second to strike down that man, a powerful level 8 General!
Baron Irwin felt something above him as he watched and shuddered in fear.
"Shit!"



Chapter 200 Night of Flames (2)
Seeing something forming above him, the Baron shuddered at the thought that his man had just been 'fried' by one of those attacks.
Since he had no time to dodge, he just made a terrible face and prepared to receive it.
But when he saw the blue beam falling towards him from a huge hole that had formed above this area, the body of one of the three Fuller family emissaries suddenly appeared in front of him.
Baron Irwin's eyes widened seeing it, not expecting one of those weak men to actually jump in front of him!
'What?' He thought but couldn't say anything. Even before his expression changed due to the movement of that level 1 Acolyte, Baron Irwin saw that body being electrocuted until smoke poured out of the falling man's orifices.
It all happened very quickly, but Baron Irwin felt he had seen everything in slow motion, and time was passing differently for him. This didn't last long, however, and as soon as the man fell unconscious to the ground, this nobleman of the kingdom regained his senses.
Gupl!
"Quick, let's leave this place!" He shouted to the two men from the Fuller family, grateful that one of them had sacrificed himself for him but afraid that he wouldn't get another chance.
Feeling that the man's heart had stopped beating, the Baron could only leave this place at the side of these two men and perhaps thank Vicente Fuller in the future for such a man's movement.
The two men showed fear but said nothing, leaving their companion behind as they followed the Baron to one of the estate's alternate exits.
With the place under attack from powerful and daring enemies, there was little Baron Irwin could do but try to save his own life.
The attack that had killed the level 8 General on his team could seriously injure him!
As a man who valued his life above all else, Baron Irwin wouldn't risk himself for what was on this estate, nor would he fight an enemy who could even kill him!
But even though he was sure that he had to escape from this place, the man couldn't help but feel terrible about having to leave his riches behind and flee cowardly.
'Damn it! Who would do such a thing? Who would dare to attack me? I'm a fucking nobleman of the Seidel Kingdom!' He thought, feeling that he had to seek justice after leaving his estate.
Only the army and the Viscount's family could help him in this situation!
...
As Baron Irwin fled with two emissaries from the Fuller family, Vicente finally left his hiding place and stopped beside his unconscious soldier.
Having eliminated or scared away his strongest enemies, Vicente looked at this man who had had his heart stopped and was lying where he had been hit.
Vice crouched beside him, placed a hand on the man's left chest, and sparks shot out.
'That discharge was enough to stop your heart but didn't destroy any of your organs. You'll live.' He saw that his theories were correct, and after a few seconds, he felt the man's heart beating again.
With that done, he picked up the man's body and left, heading for the estate's basement.
As he left, Vicente once again cast a spell based on the earth element, causing the area where his man should have fallen to be destroyed as part of the estate collapsed.
With little opposition, he quickly went underground to a tunnel connecting this property to Millfall's sewer system.
Millfall had a very complex sewage and drainage system, with several underground galleries and tunnels. Many of the local noble families had alternative exits from their estates to this system for escape in times of need.
Vice already knew this, and when he had planned to rob the Irwin family weeks ago, Vicente had already ordered two men to dig a tunnel connecting one of these underground tunnels to an estate in Millfall through which he could escape.
The group of nobles from the Irwin family should be fleeing that way right now, but Vicente wasn't worried. Dressed as a servant of this estate and with Lena waiting for him, he was willing to risk himself alongside the nobles fleeing through this place.
Only members of this family and trusted people knew about the access to the local sewer, so his chances of escaping there without being seen suspiciously would be less than if he fled by another route.
With that in mind, he quickly arrived where several members of the Irwin family, subordinates, women, and relatives of the Baron were desperately fleeing, some injured, but most relatively well.
There was a steel door in the way, but Vicente would never have been able to manipulate it at his current level. It was designed to withstand even the attacks of low-level Mages, as were the defenses around this estate.
Just as he would never be able to enter this place without someone opening a door for him, he would never be able to leave the area secretly without someone else opening a door for him.
When he arrived, Vicente saw the people waiting for their turn to leave, each standing in front of the exit and identifying themselves to the people on the other side of the door.
To be a security point where only members of this force could pass, the door there could not be left open. Those on the other side could only open it for one person at a time.
Luckily for Vicente, one of the people on the other side of the door was none other than Lena, the servant Rory had managed to convince to join his group for 10% of the coins they would raise that night.
When he got there, Vicente didn't wait and went to the side of the door. "This man saw the enemy that attacked us. Please let us through!" He walked through, avoiding people's faces as he seemed in a hurry, blood dripping down his face and his hair covered in dust.
 No one could tell who Vice was. But since he was there and wearing servant's clothing, no one suspected him at first.
When Lena heard Vicente's voice, she swallowed her saliva and said. "Let him through to the front."
Then the door's mechanisms moved, and it opened, allowing Vicente to pass through with his man on his back.
But on this side of the steel door, a level 7 General controlled the passage of people next to Lena.
Seeing them, the Irwin family guard raised his eyebrows, curious to know what that man had seen.